 My favourite thing to do to my boyfriend on a lazy morning. Usually follows a really good fuck the night before, but it doesn't have to. I just want him to feel exactly how loved he is. I wanted to give that impression through this story, a combination of love him to bits and can't keep my hands off him. Have fun, feedback appreciated. :) 

*

The sun is coming through the curtains, golden and cheery. It doesn't stir Jacob -- he can sleep through anything. I'm itching to go and look outside -- the sunlight hints at a beautiful day. I slip out of bed, naked, and pad across the room, one arm wrapped around my boobs. It is indeed glorious outside, all crisp golden sun on magical, crackly overnight frost. I look back at him. The giant is still asleep, despite the chink of sunlight falling across his face. He isn't really a giant, but tiny as I am it can feel that way sometimes. I pull the curtains to, and crawl carefully back into bed. Regardless of how pretty it is outside, it's much warmer in here. And I have a giant to wake up.

You're curled up with the duvet pulled right up to your face, the smooth line of your back exposed. I wriggle across to be directly behind you, my boobs against you, and the line of my body following yours - except for my feet. Mine are about a foot higher up the bed than yours. 

You smell gorgeous, something about sleep smells really good. Anyway, you haven't yet stirred. Moving slowly, I let my hand creep over your waist and slide up your chest. I run it back down to the waistband of your pajamas. The reaction is almost immediate: a soft, not quite conscious moan, at the same time pushing your hips forward. As always, I find it hard to believe you weren't awake already, but I'm not going to complain, because it's very sexy. I tug gently on your hip, so you roll over to face me. You're very obliging in the mornings. I watch your eyes, still shut, as I reach down for you. You're rock hard. I wrap my hand around your cock, giving it a squeeze and enjoying the jump I get in return. Or just generally enjoying it.

Half asleep or not, you're horny, so I follow your lead. No slow and steady this morning. I rub you through your pajamas with my whole hand, slow firm strokes that go from the tip to just before your balls. I can see you've sort of got your eyes half open, I imagine the world looks pretty blurry to you right now. Your mouth finds mine, in a fumbling, hungry way. This is one of my favourite sorts of kisses, although I'd happily take any you offer. You make some attempts at getting to my boobs, I put your hands elsewhere and so these stop. Doing what she wants is clearly the most sensible option when your girlfriend wants to touch you, stroke you and lick you. 

"Good morning," I whisper against your lips, at the same time dipping my hand inside your pajamas to hold your balls, playing with them gently. 

The only answer I get is a low moan. I break the kiss and pull away from you. Slowly, you focus on me, seeing that I am smiling. You look crumpled and sleepy, but also lustful.

"I meant hello,"

"Of course you did. I didn't hear anything otherwise," I reply. You know I'm silently laughing at you a little, but it's too early in your day to make any accusations. Instead you pull a hurt, scowling face.

"Aw, it's not that bad is it?" I said, disappearing down the bed. I eagerly pull your pajamas out the way enough to get to your cock. For a few seconds I stop and stare: it is one of my favourite things about you. It's long and thick, more than enough to fill me up, but not the sort of monster cock that scares girls. I'm quite proud of it.

It's perfect, I think, pulling the soft skin back and giving it a good long lick, from lightly haired base to salty tip with the flat of my tongue. I lick all over the head, swirl my tongue around it. Then I let my lips enfold it, making it feel suddenly much hotter to you. I kiss it and lick it, letting my lips slide over it, to just under the ridge and back again, sucking ever so slightly. I pop it out of my mouth and let it rest on my lips, glistening. The hand holding the wide base of your cock squeezes, and I smile as it twitches slightly on my moist lips. My hand makes a slow, firm stroke up your shaft. Precum beads. I lap it up and once again take it in my mouth. I caress the broad head, trying to show you how much I love it with my movements. 

Bit by teasing bit, I slowly let my lips slip further and further down your cock. The all over toying with the head of your cock eventually becomes a steady rhythm as I suck more of your cock each time. By this time, you're soaking wet until about halfway down. I can't take any more of it in this position, but before I move I let it rest against my lips again. You've curled around to look down at me. I'm surrounded by duvet, pressed close to your legs, your hardness resting on my lips.

I paw at your hip. You roll over. I let go of your cock, just so I can marvel at the way it stands proudly up and away from your body. It curves gently, and as I position myself between your legs I can't help but notice it smells good too. Why does all of you smell so good? It makes me giddy, that smell of salt and sex and sleep, utterly familiar to me.

Kneeling between your legs, I push your cock down so the tip touches your smooth flat belly and lower my mouth to your balls. I take them in my mouth one at a time, fondling them with my tongue. With two fingers I rub behind them at the same time, slow firm circles that intensify the feeling of my hot mouth. I only stop when I feel you nudging your hips upwards ever so slightly. You're getting all worked up, which is why I'm doing this.

I return my attention to your cock. Once again I make it about halfway down your cock, bobbing my head up and down. This time instead of stopping, I keep taking more of it. I swallow it down hungrily, opening my mouth wide as it forces my tongue down out the way. There's about an inch left. I take a deep breath -- as do you, anticipating what I will do -- and ease all of you into my mouth. I can't breathe now, and the way you fill my throat makes me gag slightly, squeezing you. This is one of my favourite things in the world to do to you. I hold still as you sigh contentedly.

I slowly come up to breathe. Take a few deep breaths, and then I'm down again. I swallow all of you, feeling you stretch my throat. Your hair is tickling my nose. A few more times I do this. I can tell you're awake now -- even though your eyes are shut and you're spread out on the bed, completely relaxed, I recognise that you're breathing faster and shallower than normal.

I step it up, bobbing my head up and down your cock. I work hard, steadily getting faster, winding you up until you're thrusting into my mouth. It makes it harder to keep my rhythm going, but I think it's sexy. Your breathing shudders ever so slightly, and I know it's time to change tactics, now you're all fired up.

Reluctantly, I let you go. Your eyes open, and you look a little disappointed. But I know that you will like what is coming next even more... I crawl up your body and sit on your cock, trapping it against the moist lips of my pussy. I gently touch my lips to yours. I can't help but smile as you immediately begin to rub yourself along my slit. 

"Hold on a second you," I laugh. I go in the drawer next to the bed -- at the same time, my boobs sway over your face. You lick my nipples playfully. To try and get to things without separating our sexes is a game, and it has put us into many funny/enjoyable positions over the years.

"Nuh-uh, you can do that later. I want to do something else," I say, holding up a bottle of lube for you to see.

I squeeze a little bit into my palm and rub them together to warm it up. I don't want to put anything cold on you. That would be mean, and I am only mean in the evenings. In the mornings there is only love. I thoroughly cover your cock with it, enjoying the little gasps that go with the sudden intense touch. Once you're all lubed, I start something that resembles a massage. I let my hands glide down your shaft, holding firmly except for at the tip. Not too much just yet.

I give you a few minutes to adjust, continually stroking downwards slow and steady. I notice you've gone very pink in the face. Next I link my fingers and thumbs together and holding the damp spongy head between my palms. I smother it in my hands, covering you in flesh. Rotate them and nudge them up and down, again very slowly but firmly. The feel of you in my hands is making me wet.

I go back to stroking downwards, smiling as I watch you bite your lip a little. You're beginning to pump upwards into my hands, looking for more. I oblige and change to stroking up and down, hard and fast. My hands slide all over you easily, feeling the smooth hot head, the ridge below that and the muscle at the base. I see your hands gripping the edge of the mattress and the duvet, knuckles pale. Your breathing shudders. I want to do more; I want to make you out of control. I know that by this point, you'll let me do anything, even something cruelly intense. You will shudder and writhe, but you won't object. You know that I wouldn't listen even if you did -- I love the effect it has on you far too much.

My hands are still working. I switch to focusing just on the head of your cock again. You arch your back, gasping. I know it's too intense, the quick fast motion on the most sensitive part of you. You give a high pitched whimper, the one you only do when you're really out of control. I know that you won't cum when I do this -- it's just too intense- but it leaves you in a hazy, horny state that I love. It makes you pliable and willing to do anything.

"Please..." you murmur. I love that too. You beg, I think because you want to cum, but you can't normally string words together that much.

You're lucky that I'm feeling nice today -- some days, I'll stretch it out, toying with you mercilessly. Today I want you to cum. I want to tease you and make you really hot, and then I'd like you to cum, hard. That's what I mean by a nice wake up.

"Please what?" I say softly.

"I want to cum please..." you whisper. I already know that, I just wanted you to say it.

"Get on all fours then. If you're gonna cum then I want you to do it all over me,"

You don't reply, just scramble into position above me. Once again I'm tempted to toy with you. Your cock hangs beneath you, pointing to your chest. Your balls are all tight, and as I take hold of you I can feel you throbbing.

"You wanna cum now?" I say softly against your neck, beginning to stroke you.

You whimper again in return.

"Go on then, cum for me," I say, encouraging you. 

You move your knees wider and begin pumping into my hand. The motion is just as mesmerising whether you're fucking my hand or my pussy. I think it's to do with the shape of your body, the way you spread your legs apart and make long, low thrusts. It's almost animal like. I squeeze your cock a little, gazing at it as it pops in and out of the circle of my fingers. Your hands wrap around the back of my head, holding me to you. I move my spare hand so that every time you thrust the sensitive head rubs against my hand. You're breathing hard and your fingers are wound up in my hair, tugging on it. You're getting faster and faster, closer and closer, focused on nothing but what you're feeling. That is fine by me; I am in the perfect position to let my eyes roam over you. I might be small and soft, but your body is much more interesting. It's sleeker than mine and I like watching it work. You have angles and bits where your bones are much clearer than mine. Where I am soft, you are often hard, your forearms, your shoulders, your back...

I disappear off into these thoughts, enjoying you.

"I'm gonna... I'm gonna cum," you tell me, with some difficulty. You're panting and slightly damp all over.

"Come on then, cum all over me, I want you to cover me in it!" This is true. If you won't cum in me, then on me is just as good. 

You don't really need telling. As you cum you hold me tighter, spraying me with the warm liquid. It hits most of me, streams of it over my boobs to nearly my shoulders, down my stomach and some over my mound. Eventually, you stop moving. You just go still where you are, head down next to mine, cock still pulsing gently in my hands. You're breathing hard and your eyes are tight shut. I wriggle down and squeeze your tired cock. I lap the last few drops off the end of it. I like how it tastes. Slightly slutty, but I don't really care.

"Morning," I say cheerfully, still playing with your cock. I'm tempted to start sucking it again but I know you're too sensitive.

"I love you," you say quietly, falling sideways back on to the bed. You watch me as I rub the cum around with my fingers, putting it on my nipples and watching them stiffen. I lick some from my fingers. I notice you watching and do it again, slow and deliberate.

"I love you too. You want to share? You're very welcome to you know," I grin, knowing you don't really get why I like it so much.

"No thanks."

You lay there, covers thrown back, chest rising and falling fast. You're still all pink in the face. I grab something to clean myself up with, your pajama bottoms I think, and make a bit of a show of it. Spend rather longer getting it off my boobs than I need, just to do more rubbing them around. You seem to like it. I get up and open the curtains, honey gold sunlight streams in, falling over the bed.

Then we lie opposite one another. I look over you, you look over me. We're awake now, but no one is in a hurry to get up. The sunlight bathes us in a bright light. We have the entire day to do whatever we like with.