 He opened his eyes.

There it was again.

The blink of the light had done its job. He quietly reached down to the floor next to the bed and pushed the button on the side of his watch, shutting off the silent flash. Light from the full moon was peeking through the slats in the window blinds, making the room visible.

He slowly rolled over to look at her.

She was a sound sleeper, having already missed her alarm once this week. 

This morning, hopefully, that would work to his benefit. 

He watched her for a moment, lying on her back, her long hair a jumbled mess around her head. Reaching over carefully, so as not to wake her, he ran his fingers through her tousled mane. It was silky, as he knew it would be. He loved the feel of it. He knew that, if he leaned over and buried his nose in it, he would smell the shampoo from her shower the night before.

But it wasn't time for that.

Yet.

The sheet had been pushed down to her waist, exposing her breasts. Lying on her back, gravity had flattened them against her body. 

But those nipples... 

Cool air from the ceiling fan stirred across her skin, Her "annoyingly huge nipples," as she referred to them, chilled by the breeze, were swollen to perfection. He watched as, with each breath of her deep sleep, they rose, only to settle slowly again each time she exhaled.

He was tempted to lean over and take one into his mouth. There were few things he enjoyed more than suckling her breasts. The thought of rolling his tongue around her nipples and feeling them harden even more in his mouth, excited him, causing his erection to twitch. 

But it wasn't time for that, either.

Silently, he slipped out of the bed and stealthily made his way around it, until he was standing at the footboard. 

Naked, he stood. 

Watching her. 

Subconsciously, he reached down to his throbbing dick and slowly stroked it with the rhythm of the rise and fall of her breasts. After just a few tugs, he felt his balls tighten. 

"Whoa. Better cut that out." he thought, turning loose of his shaft.

"Don't want this to be over with before it gets started," he smiled to himself. 

He reached down, carefully took hold of the sheet, and gently began pulling it towards himself. 

He watched as it glided over her body, first exposing her flat stomach, then the curve of her hips and, at long last, the cleft where her legs met. He paused briefly to stare at the neatly trimmed patch of hair, anticipating what was to come. 

He resumed pulling on the sheet, savoring every inch of her legs as they were revealed to him. 

"She's always had good legs," he thought. He had first noticed them years before. 

And now, he could hardly wait to get between them.

"This is going to be the tricky part," he told himself as the top of the sheet cleared her feet.

Her legs were spread slightly. Leaning over the foot of the bed, he reached out with both hands and, ever so lightly, brushed the inside of her thighs with his fingertips. Instinctively, she pulled her legs up and away from the tickle of his touch, leaving herself spread and open to him. 

After a quick look at her face to make sure she was still asleep, he placed his hands on the mattress between her legs and carefully climbed over the footboard of the bed.

"Being tall does have its advantages," he thought, as he knelt between her legs.

Supporting himself on his elbows, he leaned forward. In the moonlit room, he stared at her.

"God, she has a beautiful pussy."

He loved the way she trimmed it close, just for him. 

He breathed in through his nose and savored her aroma. 

Lowering himself slightly, he placed his lips at the slit that was only slightly covered with hair and kissed her there. 

She responded with a sigh and tilted her pelvis to make herself more accessible.

He grinned at her subconscious response. She didn't need to be awake. Her body knew what it wanted.

His tongue snaked out of his mouth and licked up the length of her slit. 

Again. 

And yet again.

Each time penetrating a little bit deeper into her pussy. 

As he sucked lightly on the little button at the top of her entrance, a moan escaped her throat. Not wanting to wake her, he moved back down and resumed licking her pussy. 

He quickly received the response that he was looking for. As he sucked on them, the lips at the entrance of her pussy began to swell in his mouth. He could taste her now, her juices flowing onto his tongue.

He would have loved to stay there longer... to lick her and suck on her clitoris until her body shook in climax.

But not now.

Not on this morning.

He lifted his head and looked at her face. 

Somehow, she was still asleep, purring gently as her hips rocked back and forth, searching for his mouth.

"She has got to be the sexiest woman I have ever known," He thought to himself.

"How did I ever get so lucky?"

He crawled forward on the mattress until his hands straddled her chest.

Staring in the moonlight at her beautiful face, he lowered his hips until the tip of his penis touched the entrance of her pussy. 

Although it wasn't the mouth that her body was searching for, she still responded by instinctively raising her hips to him and he pressed down, entering her. 

No longer needing to wait, he pushed forward, with nearly half of his dick penetrating her on the first push. He pulled out and this time, with her juices coating a good portion of his shaft, he easily slid all the way into her on the next thrust.

He held it there, loving the feeling of being fully inside her, buried in her, with the warmth and wetness of her pussy enveloping his dick like a glove.

It was then that she reached for him, wrapping her arms around his shoulders and pulling him down to her. As his chest touched her breasts, she leaned up and met his lips with hers. 

Her tongue forced its way into his mouth, savoring the taste of her own juices on his lips. After fighting a brief battle with his tongue, their lips parted.

She then left a trail of kisses across his cheek until her mouth was pressed against his ear.

"Fuck me," she whispered.

"My pleasure," he replied.