 Lying on her back, Hallie opened her eyes and looked up at the vaguely familiar ceiling. It took her a second to orient herself. She had spent the night with Dylan.

It wasn't the first time. They'd been seeing each other for a few weeks now, and from the beginning, she had stayed overnight with him when they got together. But she was still getting used to it.

Last night had been a first, though. The first time they'd spent an entire evening not having sex. Even when they went to bed, Dylan had made no move to touch her, other than a sweet kiss good night.

Not that she'd made any move either. She'd hinted and then flat out asked if they could fuck, but she hadn't tried to make it happen. He hadn't answered her requests, and she'd simply backed down and waited.

She shouldn't have waited. At any time, she could have done something. Kissed him. Fondled him. Straddled him on the couch. He wouldn't have minded. More likely, he would have been pleased that she'd taken charge.

But letting go and enjoying herself was still foreign to her. Inhibitions born of years of negative messages and impressions about sex continued to hold her back, no matter how badly she wanted to conquer them. All she had managed last night was repeating her question. Even that was more difficult than Dylan realized. And it hadn't gotten any results.

This morning, she couldn't wait. All evening, sitting with him watching movies, she had craved his touch. His cock. Just thinking about it had kept her wet and wanting most of the night. And that hunger hadn't abated this morning. If anything, it was stronger, an aching need in her cunt.

She glanced at Dylan, who was lying on his side facing her, eyes closed. Hopefully soon he would wake up, and maybe this morning he would do what he hadn't done last night.

She slipped her hand between her legs and rubbed her clit. Almost instantly, she was wet, and her nipples hardened. Intense need raged through her, and her entire body tingled. Within moments, she was close to coming. But this wouldn't be enough. She wanted Dylan's hand, not her own. No, she wanted his cock, thrusting into her, pounding her until she screamed.

Her face heated at the thought, but the image of herself with her legs on Dylan's shoulders as he fucked her hard fueled the pleasure of her touch. Gasping, she fingered herself faster, pushing herself toward climax. It still wouldn't quench her desire for Dylan, but it might at least take the edge off.

Beside her, Dylan stirred and made a soft noise that might have been a word. Startled, Hallie withdrew her hand and turned onto her side. Of course she couldn't play with herself when Dylan was right there. How could she have even tried?

She shook her head. She hadn't done anything wrong. If Dylan woke and realized she was masturbating, it wouldn't bother him. It would please him. Maybe even turn him on enough that he would take over.

The thought of him reaching over and pushing her hand away so he could play with her sent another wave of desire through her. One so strong she had to force herself not to touch herself again.

"Morning, babe," he mumbled.

He opened his eyes. Hallie smiled. "Morning."

Dylan put his arms around her and pulled her closer. "How'd you sleep?"

"Okay. You?" Small talk. She was waking naked next to the man she'd been dating for weeks, and all she could do was make small talk.

"Okay." He frowned. "Are you all right?"

She started to tell him she was fine, as she always did. No matter what was going on in her head, she almost never admitted it to him. Especially when it came to sex. Even admitting she wanted it was sometimes more than she could deal with.

This morning, she didn't only want. She needed. And she wouldn't get anything if she didn't ask.

"I'm horny," she said.

He chuckled. "Are you, now?"

"Yes." She moved against him, hoping he would take the hint.

"What are you going to do about that?" he asked.

It wasn't about what she would do. He was the one who could touch her. Play with her. Fuck her. Anything but lie there refusing to make a move.

"Ask you to fuck me," she said.

"You could do that."

From his tone of voice, she had no doubt asking wouldn't gain her anything. He had no more intention of initiating than he'd had last night.

She had a choice to make. She could lie there waiting, knowing she was unlikely to get what she wanted, or she could, for once, take action.

For a few moments, she lay there, wrestling with the resistance in her mind. This was ridiculous. Going after what she wanted wasn't wrong. She had every right to want to be fucked, and to act on that desire.

She couldn't keep waiting for things to happen.

Before she could talk herself out of it, she turned onto her back, took Dylan's hand, and brought it between her legs.

His eyes widened, and he looked pleased. "Do you want me to play with you?"

"Yes." She pushed against his hand.

"Like this?"

Roughly, he rubbed her clit. Hallie gasped as the pleasure built. He knew exactly the right way to touch her, and, still turned on from her own efforts, she took only seconds to come, her body trembling through the climax as she moaned Dylan's name.

"Is that what you wanted?" he murmured. "Feel better?"

"Not yet." She grasped his wrist, holding his hand in place. "I want more."

"Oh?" Abruptly, he thrust a finger inside her.

She gasped again as her pussy clenched. Instantly her need for release grew, and the intense sensations as he fucked her with his finger rose until she was again at the brink.

Just as she was about to come, he withdrew his hand. "How's that?"

"Please!" It was the only coherent word in her mind.

"Please?" Lightly, he bit her nipple.

The pressure of his teeth only added to the fire inside her. Any touch from him now would push her closer to the edge.

She grabbed his hand again, but he resisted her attempt to pull it to her. "Listen to me," he said. "I know what you want. And you know how to get it."

She stared at him. If he knew what she wanted, why wouldn't he give it to her? She didn't know how to get him to fuck her other than asking, and obviously that wasn't going to get her anywhere. Frustrated, she blinked back tears. Why was he doing this to her?

She took a deep breath. "I don't know."

"Sure you do." He pulled his hand out of her grip and smoothed her hair. "Get out of your head. Don't think. Just do."

That was far more easily said than done. She opened her mouth to argue again, but stopped herself. He was right. She spent far too much time thinking. If she just got out of her own way, she would figure out something.

Tentatively, she ran her hand down his torso, ignoring the protest in her mind, until she touched his hard cock. Wrapping her hand around his shaft, she stroked him, and he made a contented sound.

That encouraged her. She kept playing with him, enjoying the noises he made, but it wasn't enough. She didn't want his cock in her hand. She wanted it in her cunt. And apparently she would have to make that happen. Playing with his cock wouldn't be enough. He would enjoy it, and so would she, but clearly he was determined not to be the one to progress things to actual fucking. She would have to do it. If she could decide how.

"Don't think," he said again.

As if the words unlocked something in her, Hallie knew what to do. She kissed him. "Don't move."

"I'm not going anywhere."

"Good."

She turned away from him to open the nightstand drawer where he kept his condoms. Although she was still awkward at putting a condom on him, since he was the first partner who had asked her to do so, she could manage. She had to, because she was going to fuck him. Waiting wasn't doing anything except frustrating her more. This time, she was done waiting.

She took a condom out of the drawer and shoved the bed covers back, revealing Dylan's thick cock. He folded his hands behind his head and studied her. "Well?"

Carefully, she removed the condom from its packet and unrolled it onto his cock. For a moment, she debated what position she wanted, but if she was taking control, it was an easy choice. She straddled him and guided his cock into her pussy.

It felt incredible. Better than any time before. Slowly she raised and lowered herself, looking down at Dylan with a sense of triumph.

He smiled, but lay still. "Good girl."

The words amped up her pleasure, and she rode him faster, savoring the sensations as she built toward another climax. He didn't move, didn't touch her, simply let her take what she wanted. And she took it, fucking him harder until she came again, even more intensely than the first time, crying out his name. Her pussy contracted almost painfully, but she didn't care. All she cared about was the euphoria.

As the orgasm subsided, she stopped for a moment. Suddenly, without pulling out of her, Dylan rolled them over so he was on top of her. "You aren't done yet."

He started slamming into her so hard it took her breath away. All she could do was cry out as he fucked her toward yet another orgasm.

"That's it," he said. "Let me hear you. Come for me."

The command was all it took. With a scream, she toppled over the edge, barely conscious of anything beyond the exquisite intensity racing through her and over her. Tears came to her eyes, and she couldn't figure out why. Through the roaring in her ears, she dimly heard Dylan say again, "Good girl."

After a few moments, he withdrew from her and brushed her cheek with his fingertips. "Are you okay?"

"Yes." She blinked and smiled up at him.

"You came pretty fucking hard."

"Yes."

He chuckled. "Hard enough you've forgotten how to talk, I guess. Is that what you wanted?"

"Yes," she said for the third time, unable to summon any other words.

"Good." He lay beside her and draped one arm over her. "Do you see what happens when you go after what you want?"

"I get fucked."

Laughing, Dylan nodded. "Yes, you do. So next time you want to be fucked, are you just going to wait for me to initiate it?"

For a second, Hallie froze. Of course she would wait. That was what she did.

But it wasn't what she had to do. Not anymore. She could have what she wanted. All she had to do was act.

"No," she said. "I'm not just going to wait anymore."

"Glad to hear it." Dylan pulled her closer to him and kissed her. "I'm proud of you. Are you proud of yourself?"

She didn't even have to think about it. For once, the insistent thoughts of wrongness were silent. She'd done nothing wrong. She'd only taken charge of having what she wanted, and that was perfectly right. "Yes."

"You should be." He yawned. "Give me a minute, then we'll take a shower. Unless you have something else you want to do."

"Not right now." She snuggled against him. "Thank you."

"For what?"

"Not giving in."

"You're welcome." He tightened his arm around her.

Her hunger sated, Hallie smiled up at the ceiling. This morning, she had made her choice. She'd conquered the reluctance and had taken control of her desires.

No more waiting for Dylan to make the moves. She wouldn't initiate every time, but now she knew she could. And she would.