 This is the follow-on letter regarding this amazingly beautiful woman I met over the wire. One of the nicest things about her (there are a ton of really great things about her, so this is just a fraction)is that she literally remembers every juicy detail of this story and repeats it live when I arrive at her place... Enjoy. I did...;-)

You have no idea the thoughts I've had of you as of late...

You absolutely KNOW that, should I be there at your bedside right now, I would use my big, strong hands to massage your little body until you're completely relaxed and, I don't know, snoring or something... but I might have to call your boss in the AM and let her know you're "sick" tomorrow, and that you're cumming... but not coming in to work...

And that's when, with the sunlight filtering through the window shades, I would oh so very lightly glide my fingers along your body, up your thighs, inside and just around your now moistening and slightly engorged lips to your belly, and up to encircle your breasts as I hotly kiss and suck on your neck and up to your adorable ears... 

As I whisper hints of the things I feel about you, my fingers speak volumes as they glide along, finally pulling lightly on your right nipple and then down underneath your heaving breasts, back down between your legs...

Your wetness is now extremely evident, and my middle finger penetrates your folds and you suck in some air in a gasp, turning your head to kiss me full on the lips as your tongue dances with mine... you're regaining your energy after such a deep sleep... and I get to share your energy in such a great way... 

Your hand reaches beside you and curls around my throbbing manhood, and you feel both the firmness and the intense, veiny shaft and impatiently begin stroking me from my jewels to the very soft and sensitive head...

You pause a moment as my finger begins to spread your pussy lips, and enters, grinding past your hot little clitty on the way inside... you are so hot and boiling over inside, and my cock tenses with anticipation. 

You surprise me with a little smile and a giggle, as you roll over on top of me, "pinning me down", as though I couldn't just toss your about on a whim, you're so petite...

Feeling like you're in control now, you kiss me deep, then suck my puffy lips, your hand crawling between your spread legs to grab me firmly... you're so ready, and so want to ride me to your first orgasm... 

Sliding back, you feel the head of my erection pulse across your little pussy lips, and as you slide fore and aft on my firm shaft, my head brushes your clitty and you let out a little yelp as your body jerks in your rhythm.

Now I'm feeling the need, and I wrap my strong hands around your hips, pulling you up until my pulsing head is finally aimed at your now spreading slit... I bring you down slowly, and we both look between your legs as you begin to engulf my hardness... I can feel your muscular cunny grip me as we slide you down, down, down, until my head reaches the back of your pussy, and the slightest movement you make has me massaging your g-spot and rubbing hard against your clit... your juices are flowing down me, and I am completely taken with this magnificent woman, this beautiful, erotic, artistic expression of a lady... 

You begin gyrating, pulling almost all the way off as you look me in the eyes and fade in and out of experiencing your own pleasure, and sensing mine. I love the look on your face as your eyes meet mine, then close as you get deeply into your own intense feelings, my shaft pleasuring you as you ride me deeper and deeper with every stroke, then pull yourself almost completely off of me, only the head of my cock lodged inside of you to ensure easy entry... you're not about to let me go, and I so enjoy this stroking...

Sitting strait up, my hands now slide up your wonderful torso to your amazingly full breasts, and I knead them tenderly, as I bend you forward for a deep, soulful kiss, then down to suckle on your nipple, areola, and finally the whole of your soft breast meat. I am in heaven, but want this moment to last forever... I'm breathing hard now, and my moans are getting louder and more forceful. You know what turns me on, and are balancing bringing both you and me right to the edge, then slowing and backing off just slightly...

You straiten your legs, put them between mine and begin sliding your now vise-tight pussy along my shaft, rubbing your clit the whole length, and pressing my head against your g-spot on every stroke... your breathing is getting much faster, and you begin to cry out as you release your first of many cums this morning... 

I love watching you spasm out of control, and the contractions on my cock are amazing...

You slide into a second, less intense orgasm and want a third that really embraces this completely erotic experience with me...

Rolling you over with ease, I begin to lead, as your hands rest on my defined triceps and chest, and I open your legs with mine and begin deep, forceful strokes the complete length of my manhood. I search for the perfect angle that pushes the head deepest inside of you, into that place that is all nerve endings and orgasm centers... I'm pummeling your lithe body, and you bite my ear and squeal in delight as we fuck as hard as two people possibly can. I'm now almost animal in my guttural tones, pistoning rapidly, then slowly drawing out, then in, then finding another angle that will press a new, undiscovered area of your insides and awaken some new feeling you've been secretly seeking all these years.

The intensity has you moaning and biting and clawing, and you're literally hanging from my muscled frame as I lead us both over the edge.. you sense it in me as my cock begins to become even larger and the throbbing more evident, even to your thoroughly fucked pussy...

You asked if you could watch this one, so I pull out at the last second, and your adorable little hands grab my pulsing prick and begin to stoke wildly as I release rope after rope of thick cum across your belly, breasts and hands... on my knees in front of the most beautiful woman alive my body flexes with each pulse and I let out a groan as your hands dance along my shaft, the cum finally flowing until it's slowly flowing from the head. You've been catching as much as possible and using it to lube my shaft as you continue to stroke way past my evident orgasm...

Minutes later I finally come to my senses and realize that you are on the ragged edge... the deep fucking brought you dangerously close to your own orgasm, and the sight of me spurting cum all over your body just added to the eroticism...

I quickly slide down until my mouth completely covers your pussy, and allow my soft tongue to taste your juices... Mmmm, I love your taste and I nearly regain my hardon... blowing hot kisses onto your nether lips, I finally drag the length of my tongue all the way underneath your clitty until the tip rests firmly on the head of your little button, and I begin a long, fast dance across your clit that finally sets your body in motion...

My fingers now begin to explore, and with your wetness, and the driving force of my assault earlier, finding my way inside your little cunny is easy now... I feel the top ridge, then slide deeper inside to that soft fleshy place where your nerves all come together... pressing and stroking and forming circles, all of the last hour and a half suddenly comes to the surface, as you grab my head and force me into your pussy with all your might.

Your hips thrust forward, burying my tongue hard against your button as your climax takes over... so hard... so hard... so delicious... your body vibrating as your little yelps become stronger and longer and you're bouncing all over the bed, my hands cupping your tiny little muscular ass as I stay engaged and watch your heaving body tumbling into ecstasy...