 You arrive in town late. You smile to yourself, thinking about the lunch date we have tomorrow. Sightseeing in the morning by yourself, then lunch with me...and who knows where that'll lead. You grin naughtily, thinking about all the things we've discussed. Checking in at the hotel, showering quickly, getting undressed, and sliding into the large, comfortable bed, you quickly fall asleep, naughty thoughts drifting through your head.

You awake slowly in your hotel room.

You smile lazily as you begin to stretch...only to find that you can't. You try to move your arms, and realize that they've been secured to the headboard. Your attempt to move your legs is equally futile, having been secured to the posts at the foot of the bed.

Opening your eyes, you find that a blindfold has been placed over them. You move your head frantically, trying to somehow pull the blindfold off through friction against the pillow.

"Shhhh. Relax." My voice. Your heart stops pounding, but your body still full of adrenaline. You feel my weight on the side of the bed, then the brief brush of lips on yours. You hungrily raise your head for more contact, but I'm already gone. You whine quietly.

Brief touches of my lips on your shoulder, your hip, your knee, the inside of your thigh. You gasp as each touch teasingly flickers against you, then disappears. You writhe slowly against your bonds, each touch making you jump slightly.

My fingers lightly trace up the side of your body, tracing the underneath of your breasts, over your rapidly hardening nipples. A finger finds its way to your lips, tracing their fullness. Your tongue darts out to touch my finger, and you shudder briefly at the contact. My finger slowly enters your mouth, and your tongue hungrily licks at it, your lips closing firmly on it...suckling at the length of my finger, getting it wet with your watering mouth.

A tongue briefly, ever so briefly, flicks against your left nipple, incongruously, making you jump.

My finger slowly withdraws from your hungry mouth, and you feel it leave a faint thread of saliva on your chin as it passes, briefly tracing over your stomach, then tracing the aroused lips of your slick cunt. You moan softly as I trace your lips, my finger getting wetter. You raise your hips, trying to gain more contact with my finger...but I pull away as you growl in frustration. You lower your hips, and the finger returns...slowly, lazily tracing your lips, being careful to avoid your hot, throbbing clit.

Slowly, my finger slides ever so gently down, brushing against your ass as you moan in surprise. My finger, soaked with your juices, teases your ass, rubbing it, pushing against it.

Before it enters, it slides back up to your now-soaked cunt, slithering right through the middle of your lips, flicking against your clit as it reaches the top, brushing against it roughly, making you jump, then sliding back down to your lips again. My finger pauses at the entrance to your cunt, then ever so slowly starts to slide in. You're so wet, it's dripping down your lips, unbidden. My finger enters your cunt with the same slow motion as it did your mouth. Sliding deeper, your cunt squeezes against my finger, drenching my hand.

My finger slides out of your cunt, evoking another frustrated moan, as I plunge the finger into your mouth, feeding you your delicious wetness. You suck frantically at my finger, hungry to taste your arousal. Your nipples are harder than they've ever been. Your cunt literally dripping on the bed.

You feel motion on the bed again, and without warning, my tongue plunges deep into your delicious soaking cunt, licking up your wetness, drinking from you. My tongue flickers against your clit briefly, making you twitch. My finger teases your ass as my tongue fucks your willing, waiting cunt over and over. You grind your cunt against my ravenous mouth, grinding your clit against my face as I fuck you wetly. My finger, soaked with the juices running from your cunt, begins to enter your ass, causing you to gasp.

My tongue slides up your cunt, flicks against your clit briefly, then my lips and teeth seize your clit, sucking on it, pulling it with my teeth, tongue flicking against it. My finger plunges deeper up your ass. You fuck my face and finger, your clit being pulled and stretched, your ass swallowing my finger easily. My tongue whips over your clit again and again as you buck harder against me. Before one of the thrusts back down, I slide a second finger next to the first as you ram your ass back down over two fingers. Your ass is so wet, the second digit slides in with no trouble, and the feeling of your stretched ass makes you moan louder.

I lick and suck, bite, pull, nibble on your clit. You squirm frantically against your bonds, fucking my face and fingers still harder, seeking your release. Your ass slams down on my fingers again and again.

With one last bite on your clit, you cum, tensing your whole body, pulling against your bonds so hard, your muscles stand out of your arms and thighs. You buck a few last times against my mouth, panting furiously, mouth open. A gush of wetness fills my mouth, and I lick at you greedily, cleaning you, and enjoying my breakfast.

I slide up your body and remove the blindfold, kissing you. You can taste yourself on my lips, in my mouth. "Good morning, sunshine. Would you like breakfast, too?"

You stare at me and nod happily as I move to straddle your mouth...