 The morning I woke you up to suck your cock was because of the dream, which ironically had been about the very same thing. It wasn't quite light yet, but my pussy throbbed with need, dripping wet. My nipples ached, twin stiff bullet points brushing deliciously against the thin cotton fabric of the long T shirt I wore to bed. 

Good thing I hadn't wore panties to bed-I rarely did-because they would've been soaked.

I peeled back the sheets and sat up, looking over at you as you slept, one arm beneath your pillowed head, your eyes closed, lips parted, hair mussed. Like me, you slept in an old T shirt but no underwear. Most mornings you woke up first to start the coffee and get a shower before me, as you were the early riser. And most mornings you woke up hard, but we had such a busy work week with our jobs we rarely engaged in morning sex except on weekends.

I grinned lasciviously, my right hand already slipping between my thighs to find my warm pussy already quite slippery with my arousal. I moaned, biting my lip, as my fingertips grazed the ruffled, tender folds of my labia, probing inside just a bit. I knew if I kept this up, especially if I teased my clit, I might want to yank back the covers to straddle you.

Then I remembered the hot dream, about waking you up by taking your beautifully thick hard cock into my mouth, making you cum rather quickly. I think I might've fingered myself in the dream as I finished you, but I didn't remember. I just recalled that your huge, hot cum load had nearly made me gag...in a very good way.

I pulled my hand away and held it up, glistening with my clear juices, still grinning. Deftly, but as to not wake you up yet, I carefully slid my hand under the sheet, finding your cock semi-erect. My greased fingers gently grasped it, slowly stroking the thick length from your trimmed base to the swollen plum - sized head, making you grow tumescent in mere seconds. You stirred, legs moving apart slightly under the covers, moaning slightly. 

I wrapped my fingers more tightly and stroked you in long, slow movements, teasing the sensitive underside of your cockhead. 

You turned your head to peer over at me, eyes fluttering, lips quivering. 

"Mmmm, baby...," you uttered, hips shifting as you turned to face me.

I smiled wickedly, my left hand snaking down to ply my achingly wet sex. I wanted to tug off my night shirt, to expose my rigidly erect nipples since I knew you loved seeing them, and perhaps you'd eventually lean over to lick and suck and nibble them, but I didn't want to stop what I was doing right now. It felt too fucking good!

Suddenly, you pulled down the sheet and comforter, exposing your chest, belly, and my hand gripping your cock, momentarily ceasing my delicious ministrations. I could see the protuberantly prominent veins threaded around your taut circumference and bit my lip. I wanted to lean over and take you into my mouth. Finish you off by continuing to stroke and suck you. 

As I did just that, though, I removed my other hand from my pussy to cup your full, heavy shaved sack, lightly caressing your balls with my juice-slickened fingers. I kissed your cockhead and licked it slowly, achingly slowly, my right hand tightly encircling the base. You grew even harder, eliciting more deep groans of mounting ecstasy. Then I engulfed you with my mouth, your velvety smooth warm man flesh slipping easily between my lips and over my tongue.

God, I loved the musky, masculine smell of it, how you tasted. It really aroused me, stoking the erotic fires of my lust. I groaned deeply, purring seductively, enslaved to the moment.

My head and mouth moved fluidly up and down your cock, sucking and licking as you begun to wriggle your hips, arching your back and I knew you'd cum soon. I wished I could rub my finger to match your own impending orgasm...

...but you'd must've read my mind because you slithered your right hand over to probe your fingers into that sweet, hot and wet juncture between my legs. You teased my swollen lips, up and down and getting them quite slick with my copious nectar before you expertly made small circles around my engorged clit. We'd sometimes masturbated together, which was intensely hot, and whenever you orally pleasured me, I'd usually cum pretty quickly...but when you fingered me, it was so arousing that made orgasms made me quake and shudder from head to toe. 

I always knew when you were close to cumming whenever I sucked you off because your breathing grew rapid and you made these sexy little grunts. That and all the precum oozing from your slit, and that all suddenly happened and the way your fingers made tight tiny swirls over my clit drove me mad, my hips jerked, but not too hard to make you lose your place and ohhhh, God, baby...FUCK YES!

You convulsed, your stomach undulating and then I felt your cock and balls spasm...and you erupted into my mouth, spewing a near endless stream of creamy goodness. I came explosively, groaning around your spurting manhood, swallowing every luscious drop as you rubbed my gushing cunt. 

Moments later we both collapsed with chests heaving, catching our collective breaths, laying against one another with crushed pillows behind us. After a minute or two, you glanced over at me with a sleepy wry smile and said, "Love the service at this hotel, babe. The wake call is outstanding!"

I couldn't agree more.