 For David

She lay there beside him in the quiet of the night. She knew he was tired, they'd worked on the house all day, and he'd been the one doing all heavy work. She loved him beyond compare. No one she'd ever known had made her feel the way he did. He made sure that every day he showed her how much he loved her, and she could feel it in her soul. She tried never to let a day go by that she didn't do something to show that she returned his love. He was a wonderful man a wonderful father to her children, and a great provider for them all. She knew she could never really repay him for all the joy he'd brought to them. She thought of the nights when they'd lain locked together as he made her forget the pain of the past, and gave her every reason to look forward to the future. The hours of pleasure in his arms had been the most wonderful times of her life. 

She turned slightly to watch his face as he slept peacefully beside her. The evenness of his breathing told her he was sleeping. He looked so beautiful lying beside her. She felt the erotic pressure building in the pit of her stomach as she thought of how he made love to her patiently, giving her incredible pleasure before taking what he needed from her. She whispered his name into the darkness. He didn't' stir, and she almost felt guilty about waking him. Softly she kissed his forehead, and then down his face. When she reached his mouth, she traced his lips erotically with the tip of her tongue. When she heard that low rumble in his chest, she whispered, "Be still darling and let me love you". That was all she needed to say. She knew he was hers for the taking. But right now, she wasn't thinking of taking. She only wanted to give. 

Softly she kissed his lips again, flicking her tongue out to gently caress his lips. She traced the line of his jaw with her tongue, nibbling erotically at his ear. She could hear his breathing quicken. She knew how his body worked. She knew what made his blood pound, and she intended to use every bit of knowledge about his body to bring him incredible pleasure. She whispered erotic words to him. Telling how much she loved him, how her body ached for him every day, as her mouth traced the outside of his ear. She reached the hollow just below his ear and she nipped at it, gently sucking the soft skin into her mouth. She knew she'd leave a mark, but she also knew that every time he saw that mark, he' remember how she loved him. She trailed gentle kisses down his collar bone, to the soft flesh of his upper arm. Caressing him, massaging the arms that had held her so often, she licked and nibbled her way down to the hollow of the bend of his arm, stopping only to taste him here before moving lower and drawing erotic circles in the palm of his hand with her tongue. Kissing the tips of his fingers one by one, until she got to his index finger. She couldn't resist, she pulled it into her mouth and made love to it with her mouth, giving him a small preview of what she had in mind for the rest of him. 

Reluctantly, she pulled away and kissed and licked her way back up his arm, and gave the other side of him the same attention she'd given the first. Once she made her way back up to his chest, she focused all of he attention on his nipples. They were sensitive, just like hers, and it turned her blood to molten lava to be able to give him pleasure the way he gave it to her. Gently, she ran the tip of her tongue over the tiny nipple, drew back and blew her breath across it. It tightened, and she was pleased. She moved to the other and did the same with it. When it tightened, she couldn't resist, she covered it with her mouth and suckled at it the same way he had hers. Heat spread through her body when she heard him groan. She knew she was pleasing him, and it made her feel heady with the knowledge that she could bring him to such heights of pleasure. 

She knew he was hard. The evidence of his need was luring her lower. She reluctantly left his nipples and the tiny peaks she'd made of them, and kissed her way even lower. When she came to the very heat of him, she avoided touching it at all. She kissed her way down his thighs, nibbling at them occasionally, watching as his body coiled from the feel, erotically tickling. She made her way down to his feet, she massaged them. Switching to the other leg, she made the journey up to his thighs, and gave them the same loving attention. When she reached the throbbing heat of him, she had no doubts that she was pleasing him. He was so hard and hot that she could feel his heat without even touching him. She knew what she was about to do would bring them both pleasure, but she held off for a moment, and just knelt there, marveling at the wonder of her man. He would never know how beautiful he was to her, though she had told him, had done her best to show him, he would still never know how breath taking he was to her. 

Using her knee to spread his legs, she knelt between them, and gently cupped the weight of his balls in her hand. Unable to resist, she stretched out between his legs and took them into her mouth, gently rolling each one around on her tongue before releasing them. His breathing had quickened to very shallow breaths now, she knew he ached for her to take him into her mouth. She looked up at him; passion and need glazed his eyes. She smiled teasingly at him and ran her tongue slowly up the thick vein that ran the length of the underside of his shaft, never losing eye contact with him so that he could see how much she enjoyed this. Lightly she flicked her tongue over the head. It was already wet, and she loved the taste of him. Unable to resist any longer, she pursed her lips, and slid her mouth over the head of his cock, locking her lips around the ridge to hold him there. She sucked greedily, using the tip of her tongue to open the hole at the end. She wanted to taste the wetness it held there.

After several minutes of holding only the head in her mouth, she felt his hands tangle in her hair. He pulled her head up and she looked up into his eyes, he didn't' need to say anything, she could read what he needed in his eyes. Once more she flicked her tongue over the tip and then opened her mouth as he pushed her mouth down over him. She loved it when he did this. When she had taken him as deeply into her throat as she could, she held him there, in the tight confines of her mouth. She could feel need pulsing through his cock as she held him, the head wedged into the tightness of her throat. Then slowly, she eased her head back, pulling her mouth almost of him, keeping only the head in her mouth. She swirled her tongue around it forcefully, just before she plunged back over him again. Again and again she took him deeply into her mouth, alternating between gentle pressure and deep thrusts. She could feel him swell inside her mouth, at the same time, she felt the pressure between her own thighs building. Wrapping one hand around the base of his cock, and the other massaging the weight of his balls, she gave him everything she had. Quickening the pace, she took him deep into her mouth, over and over. He was pushing his hips upward to meet the thrust of her mouth. She knew he was close, but she couldn't stop. The need for her own release was as great as his, and she knew he wouldn't wait much longer. She could taste his cum, teasing amounts of it were given up, but she knew now that she wanted something she'd never done before. She wanted him to explode inside her mouth. She needed him to. 

Tightening her lips around him, increasing the pressure of her tongue against the head of his shaft was all that it took for her to have just that. He arched his hips, and animalistic sounds tore from his throat as he released his cum deep into her mouth. Her thighs clenched together, and she felt her own sweet release. She kept him inside her mouth, keeping the steady rhythm of taking him deeply and then pulling back up until she was certain that she had taken every drop of him. When she was sure he was spent, she reluctantly released him, and laid her head on his thigh, unable to move much farther, their labored breathing a beautiful sound in the stillness of the night.

I love you baby.