 Although I was enjoying the attention from all three women in the house, Ashley was my main focus. She was everything I wanted in a woman and in a lover. I spent every night sleeping in her bed, enjoying her warmth next to me.

Lying next to her, watching her sleep, I was overcome with her beauty. Her beautiful face was angelic as she lay there sleeping. She was naked under the sheets and her nipples were peeking out from under the sheet, the perfectly shaped breasts looked very inviting to me. I could not resist placing my hand on one, softly kneading it with the palm of my hand, feeling her nipple harden from my touch. I took the nipple and pinched it between my fingers as I continued my massage of her breast. A soft, sleepy moan escaped from her lips, but she was not awake. I bent my head down, and placed my lips upon hers, a light, sensuous kiss of love. Her lips parted slightly as I moistened her lips with my tongue, and then kissed her again.

I did not want her to wake up yet, but I could not resist. I moved to her neck, kissing it just below the ear, and nibbled ever so slightly on her ear lobe. As softly as I could, my lips moved around her neck, feeling her soft, smooth skin. I allowed my hand to roam down her side, pushing the sheet down, revealing more of her body. I continued, rubbing her side, massaging her hip, moving my hand up to the side of her chest. I felt her breast, teasing her, tracing the shape of it with my finger. I took it into my hand and cupped it, massaging it without touching the nipple, enjoying the feel in my hand.

Ashley began to stir, not yet awake, but becoming sensitive and aware of my touch in her dream. I took my finger to her lips, touched them and then ran them down her chin, to her neck, between her breasts, down to her perfect flat stomach. At her stomach, I flattened my hand and rubbed my hand across her skin, admiring her perfection. I kissed her belly and then to her hip, kissing it and massaging it together. I ran my hand underneath and took her ass into my hand, pulling her closer to me, my erection touching her. I moved back up to her chest and kissed her nipple, already hardened, and then took it between my teeth and massaged it with my tongue. Next, I moved to the other and took it into my mouth, enjoying the taste of her.

I looked up to her face again and saw that her eyes were now open, she was smiling at me. She pulled my face to hers and kissed me deeply, our tongues intertwining, wrestling with one another. Then she rolled over and got on top of me, her legs straddling me, my hardness trapped between our bodies, her chest pushed into mine, and her lips locked with mine.

She began to move her kiss down to my chin, onward to my neck, and then to my chest, where she began to tease my nipples. She took one between her teeth, nibbling and kissing it at the same time, while her hand teased the other. Then she switched to the other and began moving her hips, rubbing herself against me. I could feel the heat from her pussy on my leg, getting more wet with each movement.

She continued kissing down my body, maintaining contact between her pussy and my leg, down to my rock hard cock. She took it into her hand and slowly moved her hand up and down my shaft, then to my balls when she began to take me into her mouth. She just took in the head of it and began to suck and lick it with her tongue, concentrating only on the crown of my cock. She began to rotate her lips around, still licking and still sucking, the intensity was driving me over the edge. She began to bob her head, taking me out of her mouth, only to lower it again, enveloping just the head into her warm wonderful mouth. She concentrated on the very sensitive ridge around the head with her tongue. I bucked my hips, trying to get further inside her mouth, but she would not allow it, enjoying the feeling of control she had over me. She was driving me nuts. I could not hold out much longer. Then she once again took me out of her mouth, blew a warm breath on me, looked up at me and began to stroke me with her hand. I was enjoying the feeling of her hand and closed my eyes, knowing I was getting close. Suddenly she stopped. Then just as I looked down at her, she smiled, and took my entire length into her mouth, her lips mashing my pubic hair, and her eyes locked to mine. I shot my load, stream after stream into her throat and she never moved, her mouth sucking me, milking me as I came. 

Usually after I come, I lose my erection for at least a few moments, but not this time. Even after I was finished, she kept me lodged in her mouth, sucking me, keeping me hard, looking into my eyes. Once she was sure that I would remain hard, she moved her mouth from me and slid up my body and nibbled my nipples again. Meanwhile she was sliding her hips up to join mine and impaling herself with my cock, sliding it in to the hilt in one swift movement. She stayed that way. The only movement was of her hips, back and forth rubbing her clit against my pubic hair.

I could feel her moist, wet smoothness, the heat of her as she was grinding herself against me. I could feel her muscles contracting and relaxing around my cock as she began to reach her orgasm. She started bucking wildly, up and down, riding me with a passion I had never experienced before. She sat up, pushed her hands against my chest, her head was rolling around, her hair flying wildly as she came hard, her juices flowing down her thighs onto mine. She never stopped riding me, I watched her chest, her tits bouncing up and down. I reached up and took them in my hands, tweaking her nipples with my fingers and she came again. I looked between us and watched as my shaft would disappear inside her and then reappear coated with her juices. I reached up and pulled her down to me, felt her nipples rubbing against mine as she continued her assault on my dick. I reached and grabbed her ass with both hands, trying to help her and also trying to pull myself deeper inside her. The intensity and stamina of her was amazing, she still had not slowed down, her bucking continued, but I knew I was getting ready to come again. I wanted us to come together. So, I took my finger and slid it into her pussy along with my cock. When I was ready to shoot my load again and knew I could not hold back any longer, I took my finger out of her pussy and pushed it into her ass as far as it would go, just as I shot my load. It was enough. I felt our juices mix and flow out of her pussy as we both came together.

Finally, the bucking stopped as her body slumped against mine. Both of us were exhausted and breathing rapidly, as our bodies shuddered in the final throes of our orgasms. She raised her head, looked me in the eyes and then said, "I love you."

"I love you too, Ashley." 

Those were the first and only words we spoke as we fell asleep again with my cock still semi rigid, still buried in her pussy.