 I roll over and check the time. The alarm hasn't gone off and I see that I have awakened early. Thoughts run through my mind. You know what my favorite kind are.

There you are sleeping. I love to watch you. I love your sleep-warmed skin. Everything about you is soft right now. The tension is gone from your face and that little boy look is there. That's the look that I love. You seem so vulnerable now that my heart overflows. 

I lightly run my fingers over your skin, raising goosebumps. You sigh and roll onto your back. My hand moves across your chest playing with your nipples as it goes. I run my nails across them and they turn hard. I lean down and lick one with my warm tongue and then blow across it, cooling it rapidly. You run your hand up over your chest trying to brush me away. You rub at your nipple but you do not wake up. This is becoming a challenge and you know I love challenges.

I snuggle down under the covers, it's dark here but I think I can "feel" my way around. I begin to kiss down your body. I start at your shoulder and work my way down. I stop at your nipples and give them little sucks and licks. I kiss down your chest. I run my hands up and down your sides. I love the strength of you and the muscles that are so well defined. Steel wrapped in velvety smoothness and warmth.

Trailing on down your chest, I come to your stomach. There is you belly button. How adorable. I lick at it and stick my tongue into it, swirling it around inside the confines of that indentation. I lick across it once more and blow on the wetness, making you shiver.

I move down again and find your manhood. I love it like this. Warm and comfortable and relaxed. Your cock lies across your leg and your balls are so relaxed and loose that they rest gently on the sheets.

I bury my face in your groin; I love the smell of you. Rubbing my cheek back and forth across your cock, it begins to respond. I hold your length in my hands now and caress it. Licking the head as if it were an ice cream cone. I feel it rise. I am awakening this slumbering giant and it is good.

Too soon, I have to have you in my mouth. I encompass as much of you as I can. I take long slow runs up and down your cock as I feel it getting harder.I move down and suck your balls into my mouth one at a time, giving each a tender bath with my tongue. I feel them jump and begin to awaken.

I move back to your velvet length and take you in my mouth again. I am lost in the pleasure of suckling on you. I don't know how long I have been paying homage to you but I feel your hands travel across my shoulders and cup my head. You thrust your hips up to provide deeper penetration and I know that you are awake.

I let you slip out of my mouth and trail kisses up your body. As I move up your body, your hands move down mine. Soon we are face to face and I offer you a good morning kiss. I love these slow lazy morning kisses. Gradually the kisses become more demanding. 

I find myself astride you now and you can feel my pussy. It is wet and hot, wanting you. I rub myself up and down your shaft, making you slick with my need. Soon I can feel you slipping through my nether lips. I raise myself enough to seat you at my opening. Then I slowly lower myself onto you. I am sitting up now so that I can take as much of you as I can. Ummmmm, this feels so good. I just stay still for awhile, enjoying the fullness you create inside of me.

I can feel my juices puddle where our bodies are joined. Slowly I begin to move up and down. I lean into you silently begging you to take my breasts and suckle them. You reach up and capture them with your large warm hands and pull me to your mouth to suckle. Softly at first and then harder, taking me almost to the edge and then easing off to let me cool.

My urgency is rising and I begin a fast up and down motion on your cock. I squeeze you on the up stroke and relax on the down. Can you feel me? Do you like the milking sensation? I love the feel of the ridges and contours of you penis inside of me as we love one another.

You release my breasts and move your hands to my hips. You begin to thrust your lower body up and pull me down to meet your thrusts. Again and again the motion is repeated. At last, I pull myself to the top of your shaft and hold myself still. I look at you with questioning eyes. You smile and shake your head yes. I allow myself to slide down you again. Up and down grasping and releasing. Three strokes and you grab my hips and drive them down onto you cock. I feel you thrust to meet me.

My insides are washed in the warmth of your cum as your release into me. I stay still and wait, feeling your cock jerk and spew several more times. I raise myself again and tightn my vaginal muscles to feel the last of your offering splash into me. Dropping down, I rest gently on top of your pelvis. 

Finally you sigh and pull my upper body onto your chest. Kissing your chin, I pull back smiling and say, "Good Morning."