 The moonlight streamed into the room, and Thomas awoke to see the light sprawl across the shoulders and head of Harleigh. She was curled up against him, with her right arm thrown across his chest. He gently removed her arm and crawled and out of bed to get a drink of water. He looked across the room from the kitchenette and saw her stir slowly awake.

"Hey," she said, in her sleepy bedroom voice.

He put down the glass of water and went back over to the bed. She was still lying on her belly, and she twisted up to receive a kiss from him. He laid beside her and gently run his hand down her back. "Hey beautiful! Did you have a good sleep?"

"Yeah, very beautiful. What time is it?"

He glanced over at the alarm clock on the table. "2 am. Just in time for the best kind of sex."

She arched an eyebrow. "And what would that be?"

Instead of replying, he reached over to the drawer and got out some KY jelly. "Always nice to have some lube around just in case I meet someone as hot as you are."

She laughed, then said, "And what do you propose to do with that stuff?"

He bent down and began to kiss the back of her neck, running his hands down her body as he slowly worked his way down her spine with kisses. As he got to the base of her spine, her body lifted up a bit, and his hands slid under to fondle her breasts. She sighed as his tongue traced down past her anus and to her pussy, then he slowly began to finger her pussy and anus again.

She turned to look at him and said, "So you want in my ass, don't you?"

He said, "To miss out on fucking an ass like you have would be a true shame, and besides, I'm pretty good at this." He began to prove it as he began to finger her clit again, kissing her ass as he started working down to her pussy, which was already wet with anticipation. He slid his thumb over her anus with every insertion of his fingers inside her pussy. He varied the thrusts until he got her close to coming again, then finger fucked her hard to a rapturous orgasm. As she lay back down on her stomach, he slid some of her pussy juice over her anus, cracking open the bottle of KY with his other hand.

She sighed as he spread her ass cheeks wide, fondling them roughly and helping her to get ready for what was to come. He grabbed some towellettes and placed them nearby, then he put a generous amount of KY on his fingers. Coating the opening of her anus with the stuff sent chills up her spine, as he probed it with his fingers, teasing her. He slid his fingers over her anus, then slowly slid his index finger inside her ass. She tensed up at the intial pain, then sighed as he slowly pushed his finger deeper inside her.

Prepping her anus was the key to good anal sex, and he showed why he was so good at it as he slowly twisted his finger out and then pushed it back in, building up a rhythm to get her ready for his penis to fuck her ass. Once he felt her anus was stretched enough to accept one finger, he slowly pushed in his middle one, and she rose off the bed from the initial burst of pain, then fell back down on it as he slowly worked his two fingers inside. "Oh my God!," she cried out softly as he slid his thumb down to her pussy and rubbed it with each thrust of his fingers inside her ass.

She came again and he wasted no time in wiping off his fingers, then positioning himself behind her ass. He pressed his cock against the opening of her anus and slowly pushed it in. She clawed at the bedsheets as he tantilizingly slid his hard-on all the way inside, then slowly worked it almost all the way out. She loved being fucked doggie style, but she had never had anal sex in the doggie position before, and she was highly aroused further and further with each slow, deep stroke of his cock.

Her legs drifted apart and she fell prone on the bed, giving him the chance to plunge his penis even deeper inside her, and he grasped her shoulders and pressed her down as far as she could go on it. He whispered into her ear, "God I love fucking your ass! It's so nice and tight!" He kissed her back again, then raised up and grabbed onto her ass, where he started to speed up the thrusting.

Her moans grew louder and louder, especially after he started to spank her ass before each thrust. He pulled out of her and told her to get on her back. "I want to see your face as I fuck your ass, babe!," he said with a deep husky voice. She complied and lifted her legs up to allow him to put them on his shoulders. He did so and quickly reentered her ass, building up a quick rhythm and watching her arch her head back with each quick stroke. Her fingernails found his back and scratched him good as he built her up to orgasm. He leaned down and grasped her shoulders, kissing her while pounding her ass hard and fast, finally feeling her body shutter as the orgasm passed over her.

He kept his dick in her ass, slowly pushing it in and out as the orgasm slowly faded away so he could prolong it a little further. "Damn that felt so good! But I noticed you haven't come yet, baby. You want to do it some more?"

He kissed her and said, "How would you like to do a little reverse anal cowgirl?," with a naughty smile on his face.

She smiled and said, "Time for me to saddle up!" While she was getting up and preparing to mount him, he asked her if she had a vibrator with her. "Why yes, you silly man! What do you intend to do with it?," she replied, already suspecting what his intentions were.

"Climb up on me and let me slide my hard cock inside that sexy ass of yours again, then you'll find out!," he said, and she handed him the vibe and straddled him. Slowly, he guided her ass onto his cock, and she used her hand to gently slide him back inside. She sighed as he entered her, then got down on her knees and began to bounce on his cock, slowly raising up then lowering herself down onto it.

"Lean back, baby! It's time to really rock your world!," he told her, and she did as he asked. He turned on the vibe and gently passed it over her body as he slowly and deeply pumped her ass. He run it over her breasts and then down her belly, finally making his way to her clit. She leaned back and sighed out loud as the sensations of the vibe on her clit enhanced the experience. She arched further back as he slowly passed it over her pussy, sliding it inside her and giving her a chance to get used to the feel of both of her holes being filled.

"Oh Thomas!," she cried as he began to sink his thrusts into her ass with the probes of the vibe into her ass. He could feel himself on the verge of coming, so he put his cock and hands into overdrive, using his free hand to grasp one of her breasts and steady her as she felt ready to explode with pleasure.

With a deep, animalistic scream, she came hard, and the muscles in her anus contracted hard, breaking down his last resistance to coming. He shot his load inside her ass and gave out his own loud grunt of pleasure. He pushed her up forward so he could give her a few more thrusts before his cock finally gave out on him. She slid his cock out of her ass, then fell beside him, exhausted but blissful. She turned to him and kissed him hard on the lips, biting his lower lip as she brought her head back. "Thomas, you've made this a memorable Memorial Day weekend already!," she whispered.

He smiled and kissed her again, "And to think, this is only early Saturday morning!" They got up and quickly showered to wash themselves off, then slowly towelled each other off and made their way back to the bed. He crawled on top of her and kissed her again. "This is going to be one hell of a weekend, but now, I think I need to sleep!"

She smiled at him and said, "Normally, I would say sleep is for sissies, but we both need our rest. Besides, I have a feeling we'll both be awake again for the sunrise!" He then laid over on his side and they slowly made out some more until they fell asleep in each other's arms.