 I’m not sure what woke me, whether it was my hands slipped gently above my head into the handcuffs, or his muscular thighs either side of my face. 

Laid there, my head nestled into the softness of the pillow I lay there looking up his torso to his face. A soft smile replaced the raw sensuality that had been there.  My eyes traced back down his body to the wondrous cock before me, standing firm and erect. A wicked grin spread my mouth as I realised that Jason was acting out my fantasy for me. How I loved him for that.

His hand held tight onto his cock as he began to rub the smoothness of the tip over my face, trailing its beauty over and around my eyes, the lashes teasing at him, he sighed softly. Moving his hips forward he allowed his cock to move all over my face, over the forehead, down to the tip of my nose then onto my lips. As he stroked the crown over the fullness of my lips, I let my tongue slide to taste him.

He withdrew from me with a wicked smile. “No, touching yet baby.” Sliding further down my body, he began to use his cock end to tease at my nipples, pressing their hardness into his cum hole; my God the sensation was exquisite. His thighs enveloped me within their hold, and his manhood mesmerised me with its touch. Long slow circles round each breast were torturous, his heavy balls dragged beneath the solidness of his shaft, each brush like a gentle massage upon my skin.

Everything within me at that moment wanted to reach out and touch him, to taste him, hold him. But the teasing continued.  My man in his most sensuous pose, legs apart, his member in hand, his body naked, so close yet beyond my reach.

He trailed the smoothness of the magnificent cock over my stomach, a small trace of pre-cum glistened in it’s wake. Lowering himself till he reached the soft down on my mons, his fingers and cock worked at the dampness that had formed for him, parting the lips of my cunt he ran his cock head up and down my slip, coating himself in my lust made dew. My hips lurched upward to try and make him enter my eager hole, my legs parted eager for his body to fill me. 

With a soft moan he moved from my heat, he crawled up my body and his cock came to my face… “Taste, taste us.” My tongue darted out, slowly, but firmly ran over the tip of his staff, closing my eyes to savour the flavour of us, his pre-cum mingled with the sweetness of my cunt juice. I licked him as if his rod were the most wondrous, delicious thing that I had ever tasted. Oh how my cunt throbbed with this erotic game he played for me, oh how my clit tingled, longing for his touch.

My lips opened to take his cock in my mouth, pursing so that they wrapped softly around the rim of his meat, inwardly sighing in delight as my mouth engulfed him. Sucking softly, slurping noisily, I looked up at him, his head was thrown back in total delight, and each noise of my wet mouth was causing his hips to lunge forward. His hand came down and joined my mouth in his pleasure, he stroked as I sucked. Then he lifted his cock and urged me to caress his balls with my mouth, I kissed, licked, suckled and nudged at them with my nose, covering him with the saliva from my mouth, softly blowing, watching the hair shafts stiffen with the coolness.

With a moan, his cock was pushed back in my mouth, his hand in my hair as his began to slowly pump into me. My cheeks hollowed with the effort of sucking him, my hungry mouth milking him. Oh God I was in heaven, totally helpless beneath him, yet feeling so in control. My tongue cradled him as he slid in and out, my teeth grazed gently over him, dragging his foreskin to a point that I could nibble gently, his grasp in my hair firmer, his thrusts faster, and he began to fuck my face fiercely.

Stopping suddenly, he shifted his position so that his face could dive into the folds of my cunt, his tongue pushed into my depths as I pulled his member into my mouth. I began to suck furiously on him as he fucked me with his mouth, then his fingers, his teeth pulled taut on my clit as my mouth worked on him. 

My body started to shake as his curled fingers brought an exquisite pleasure deep in me, my clit throbbing with the teasing of his mouth. Unable to bear it any longer, I let his juicy man meat slip from my mouth, “Oh fuck me, fuck me please baby.”

He lifted from me, his face wet from my juiced and moved round me once more, and once in place between my damp thighs he plunged his rigid cock into my depths, causing me to scream in total abandon. Our movements animalistic as we pounded into each other, our bodies making wet slapping sounds as we ground our needs onto and into each other. Each thrust a pure rush of need, of want.

With a huge scream I began to cum, my orgasm soaking us, with each of his thrusts splashing us more. His lunges more frantic as his own orgasm came and his hot seed flooded me deep within. Collapsing onto me, small thrusts draining the last drops of his seed into my thirsty cunt. He looked at my tethered arms above me, reaching for the key, he let me loose and wrapped my arms around him. His kisses covered my deep breaths, his hands softly caressing me as I came down from the high of his lovemaking. 

A grin spread over his face as he whispered to me, “Next time, you tie me up.”