  (A response to Tulip's poem Wake Me Up)

We sleep in the same position we are always in after a night of passion. Our naked bodies curled close together. You have your head on my right shoulder, your thick blonde hair lying on my skin, my right arm around you, your right arm across my chest, with my left arm covering yours. Our king-size bed is needed only for play, as sleeping is always done together, in the middle.

We are snuggled beneath a down comforter, sharing our warmth. The light shines softly through our bedroom window and I turn my head to look at the glow of the clock on the bed stand. Damn, almost 6 o'clock. Time to go to…but wait. It is Sunday. Nothing to do all day but lay around, read the paper, and make love to a beautiful woman.

I hear restless sounds from the kitchen. The pack of hounds are awake. I slowly ease my self away from you, making sure to not wake you, climbing out into the chill of a spring morning. I slip on my sweat shorts and pad down the hall. I open the back door, letting the beasties out. I stand in the open doorway and inhale the crisp clean air of early morning, my skin getting goose bumps. My nipples on my bare chest harden, and I feel something begin to stir in my shorts as I think of you, naked, in our warm bed.

The dogs, having finished their morning patrol, and being assured that all is well within our little fiefdom, return to the indoors. I feed them, start the coffee, and quickly use the bathroom. Brush my teeth? No, takes too much time. I opt for a quick rinse with mouthwash and refresh my cologne, your favorite scent, and mine as well because you gave it to me.

I slip quietly back into the bedroom, slide off my shorts and rejoin you in our cocoon beneath the covers. The feel of your warm skin against mine causes my arousal to move to a higher level. So soft, so smooth, curling up against me again, still not awake. Or are you?

My right hand gently caresses the skin of your back. I hear the most subtle of moans in your throat. But your eyes remain closed.

I turn, and run my left hand along your ribs, then to your breast. Almost, but not quite touching the soft nipple. Again the moan, but this time with a slight shift in position. You are trying to bring your nipple in contact with my thumb. It hardens as I watch. Are you feigning sleep, or have I slid into your dreams? Who owns the hand that is caressing you in that secret place, my love?

Now my left hand moves to caresses your stomach. As it leaves your breast, I hear another soft moan, one of frustration. Still asleep? My doubts begin to grow, as does that hard flesh between my legs.

The backs of my fingers barely touch your stomach. I feel the muscles tighten, anticipating the path they will follow. Past the navel, finding the smooth skin surrounding the "runway" leading to my goal. As my fingers start to gently explore, your head moves, you inhale sharply, and moan loudly as I slip a finger between the moist lips. A fake! A fraud! Awake the entire time! I chuckle as my finger continues and I lean in, kissing you. Your lips part, and I can see your beautiful green eyes come half open. I feel your mouth move into your first smile of the day. You know you have been found out.

Now I kiss more firmly, as I use one, then two fingers to explore you. Your legs spread to allow me better access. My thumb caresses your clit as I press deeper inside you. I can already perceive the musk coming from you, and it makes me hunger for that sweetest of treats possessed by any woman.

Impatient, now, my lips and tongue begin their journey. I stop, only briefly, to taste your hard nipples. Flicking my tongue across them, I tease, promising more attention later.

Then to your flat stomach, with an excursion into your navel, making you giggle and squirm. That was so erotic that I repeat it. This time you push my head away, redirecting my attention to my original goal. You have known where I was headed since I left one set of lips in route to the other.

Sliding down that smooth, taut, slope now, the scent grows stronger. Like the hound I am, I follow it, hunting for my greatest joy.

Now I kiss the neatly trimmed hair marking my path. Your legs spread wide so I can lay between them. As my lips draw close to your nether lips, I pause, to view and admire.

I see them, slightly parted, like the petals of a flower in the morning light. They are already moist and inviting. They are becoming darker now, as blood rushes to them. The darker the berries, the sweeter the juice.

The words of Solomon run through my mind:

Behold, thou art fair, my love;
	behold, thou art fair;
 You shift, and moan softly, impatient for me to continue my feast. First, I lightly kiss the area around your treasure. The soft crease between thigh and pubic mound on either side, the smooth flesh leading to the outer lips. I am so tempted to simply attack and devour, but I know the pleasure is greater if the sumptuous feast is savored, and consumed slowly.

I slide my hands under you to partially cup your buttocks, leaving my thumbs free to spread your lips. I let my tongue trace a line, slowly, up along the right outer lip. I stop, just short of your clit. My hands tremble. Between that first taste of your juices, and the natural perfume I am inhaling, I am in a state of pure rapture. It becomes more and more uncomfortable, laying on my stomach as my erection grows and hardens.

I repeat the process on the left side, now. I spread the lips further, and can see the slick inner flesh, almost dripping with moisture . Again, I am tempted, but control my gluttonous impulse to consume you…for the moment.

Using my hands, I ever so slightly part your cheeks. My tongue snakes between them, seeking that tight little ring of muscle. As I lick and tease and probe it, first it tightens, as you try to pull slightly away. Then you relax, and the tip of my tongue explores that most sensitive spot. But this is simply a brief detour.

My tongue slides upwards, no teasing this time. Straight into that hot wet cauldron, probing deep and continuing upwards until I use the flat of my tongue across your clit. I hear you moan and feel your hips rise in response to this. I know I am giving you pleasure, now.

Returning to the opening, I begin to rapidly lap up the juices from inside you, licking and probing as deep as I can get. Every few seconds I return to your clit, and rapidly flick my tongue across it. Each time, you raise your ass when I do that, trying to keep my tongue in contact with it. But this is my feast, and I set the pace and the rhythm. Over and over I return to the hot channel, drinking you in, nibbling the flesh of the lips, now engorged with blood and almost magenta in color.

I feel your excitement growing. Your hips rise and fall. Your thighs press together, then spread apart. I feel the muscles in your calves, resting on my shoulder blades, grow tight, and then relax. Your heels, resting on my lower back start to move, aimlessly, restlessly. All of these are subtle signs that you are close…very close.

My face is now wet from pressing deep as I can get. I look up, past your beautiful breasts, into those intensely green eyes. They lock with mine, and I give you my most lecherous grin. You smile in return, like an angel having naughty desires. You grab my hair, and push me to your clit, which I begin to lick rapidly. Every few licks, I pause, to lap your sweet juices or suck hard on your clit. I am working now, trying to bring you over the edge. My finger slipping in and out of you. The muscles inside you are clenching, then releasing. I feel you rising…tensing. I go after your clit with a series of rapid flicks, a hard suck…and then…magic.

I feel the waves of orgasm wash over you. Your hips buck wildly at first, then gradually you relax. Slight tremors run through you, your "after-shocks". Appropriately named, given the seismic power of your orgasms.

I ease myself up along side you. You lie there, looking languid, but so sensual. We kiss, softly, but wetly. You taste your self on my lips, my tongue, my chin.

And you curl up next to me, in the position we are always in after a morning of passion. Our naked bodies curled close together. You have your head on my right shoulder, your thick blonde hair lying on my skin, my right arm around you, your right arm across my chest, with my left arm covering yours. We rest.

And I know…in a little while…you will want to wake me up.