 I didn't know what time it was. It was still dark out and the house was quiet. You and I had fallen asleep several hours beforehand but now I was stirring and my dream had left me hard with an ache for your pussy.

You're a lighter sleeper than I am and I didn't want to wake you just yet. I moved very slowly, doing my best to be quiet and ninja-like. I went into the bathroom and used mouthwash. I liked the mint coming back to me anytime I ate you and you likewise responded well to the cool addition to my tongue. It was a comfortable night and we hadn't the comforter. I lifted the top sheet and shifted between your legs. You once told me of a fantasy in which I would awaken you by eating you. I had tried a few times over the years and my wife, the consistent light sleeper, always awoke before I really got going. This time was going to be different and my sexy, loving wife would awaken the way she had long desired.

One of the thousand reasons I am a truly fortunate man is that I have a spouse who has no interest in wearing underwear to sleep. Although I still wear my boxers most of the time, it's a standing agreement between us to fondle, caress and touch each other anytime the mood strikes. I got comfortable.

I gently placed my fingers on you. I ran my fingertips though your fur and inhaled slowly to take in your musky scent. It was all I could do to keep myself from diving in; my already stiff cock grew more erect. I ran the tip of my tongue up the length of the lip on my left and then an equally slow and teasing stroke on the right. I heard a happy and sleepy sigh ahead of me. Sleep, my love. Let me play.

Your lips were together and I ran the tip of my tongue up your slit and down several times. You were growing wet - you've always told me that it doesn't take much, as your body responds to mine quickly - and I tasted you. I wanted more. Your lips parted naturally, more with each stroke of my tongue, until your pussy was full open for me. I slowly inserted and withdrew my tongue from your vagina; your pussy was mine for the time being and I took intense pleasure in tongue fucking you. As I did, you woke with a smile and knew this would be a good morning.

I was just getting started, though. You reached down to put your hands on my head and pulled me toward you a little bit. I got the message; you were ready for me to enjoy your clit.

I ran the tip of my tongue around the perimeter of your clit. It was engorged and reaching out for some attention. She's never been shy around me and it's another one of the things I find irresistible about you. As I increased my pace, your breathing and grunting was more audible. The feedback only encourages me and I continued, around and around.

As I shifted gears and run the full length of my tongue across the tip of your clit, sensitive shocks ran through your body and you release my head and play with your nipples. They ached to be touched and every second of attention you gave them filled you with delight. What could be better, between having so much of your most sensitive spots in play?

As if I had been reading your mind, I inserted my middle finger into your pussy and immediately went to your g-spot. You gasped and moaned - Just what I wanted to hear. I flicked my finger across your g-spot and I was in heaven. Little makes me happier than attending to your sexual needs. I love you and I wanted to show it with all my might.

As I stroked your g-spot, it continued to grow. I feel like I know every inch of it and yet I learn something every time I touch you there. Your sounds were becoming guttural and right on schedule. I shifted my other hand a bit to keep your lips separate and I simultaneously pursed my lips around your clit to begin sucking it and pressed in on your g-spot to start rotating in place. The extra pressure on both sides was all it took. You started screaming my name, always a precursor to the orgasm hitting you and this was a big one. I continued to suck on your clit and massage your g-spot as you came. 

You panted, covered in sweat - had I lifted my head to look, I would have been even more turned on, as I love your sweaty body in all its glory - but I instead shifted. I withdrew my finger and rotated my hand. I continued to suck at your clit while I inserted my thumb back in your pussy. You've always told me you don't know what I'm doing down there with my thumb but you have such pure pleasure in your voice when I do it that you also crave as much as I can give.

I simply applied pressure with my thumb as I continued to suck and, never having had the chance to back down after your orgasm, another one slammed into you. In the process, you gushed. You've never squirted on me quite like that and it just kept coming - as you kept cumming. Your uninhibited screams are always highly erotic for me and this morning was no exception. You continued to scream and pant until your body was too sensitive for anything else. You gently pulled my hand out and pulled me up to you.

You gave me a long, passionate and tongue-filled kiss.

"Good morning," I said.

The look in your eye was one of intense love and erotic bliss. It was going to be a good day.