 The house was quiet. I was snuggled in my bed...my head filled with naughty dreams. In my dreams, I reach over for him and pull close...his body heat feels so good against my chest. I drape a leg over his hip, pressing my sex into his skin and feel him push back at me. I move closer...my breasts flattening against his back...the hair there rubbing against my nipples and making them stiffen. My hand moves around him, stroking his chest and I hear him moan softly, turning slightly towards me. I whisper in his ear, "I want you, my love." My hand dips down just below his belly button...trailing my fingertips lightly across his skin, back and forth. He moves toward me again. His hip parts my legs more and his back moves against my chest. I feel his roughness against my nipples again and I release a sigh. My hand dips lower, tracing his flesh where his legs meet his body. I don't touch his cock but I feel it...sense it...move. 

I let my fingers move around...touching the inside of his thigh, skirting his balls to reach the other side. I repeat the circular motion moving my hand above his cock, down and around his balls and back up the other side. I sense his cock jump this time, pushing against the sheet as he moves. My fingers press harder into him, massaging the muscles below the skin...still moving in that teasing circle...still not touching his cock. I allow myself to gently graze his balls as I cross to the other thigh this time, my wrist touching the sheet above him. Mmmmm...I feel dampness there...knowing that, even as he sleeps, my hand's wanderings have started the flow of precum. I resist the incredibly strong urge to dive under the covers and take him into my mouth. With each pass of my hand, I now stroke across his balls, feeling his cock twitch and sway. My wrist is now sticky with his precum that is being left on the sheet above us. He rolls again until he is completely on his back...his arm snaking around me pulling me tight in his embrace. My hot pussy now presses against the outside of his thigh as my foot starts to move up and down his calf from his knee to his ankle. I kiss his chest as I nestle against it, letting my tongue slip out and flick his nipple. His arm tightens around me and he tries to push his cock towards my still-circling fingers. I nip his nipple with my teeth as I let my fingertips begin to concentrate on his balls. 

My nails rake softly across from each side meeting in the middle and pulling the skin slightly away from him. His hips thrust in earnest now trying desperately to get me to take his cock in my hand. I feel the slickness on his shaft as the sweet juice flows freely from the tip. He moans again...waking a bit. "Take it," he says roughly. I shake my head...my hair moving against his arm and chest. I push at his thighs at the same time I'm using a firmer hand on his balls...lifting them and pulling them away from his body. He's breathing has become shallow and quick...his hand squeezing my arm as it rests there. I finally allow my thumb and index finger to encircle the base of his shaft, squeezing tightly and pressing downward. He pushes hard against my hand wanting me to wrap it around his length. I continue to stroke just the base...pressing deep into his body and back up. His hand wanders to my hair, stroking at first, then gripping it with firmness. He flings the covers off of us with his other hand and pushes my head down...to his cock. My tongue flicks the head before he pushes again forcing me to take his entire length in my mouth. I barely have time to catch my breath before the head of his cock is entering my throat. My fingers move from the base of his shaft to his balls as he continues to thrust deeper into my mouth...the pulse of him exciting me even more. As I massage his balls, he moans...using his grasp in my hair to begin moving my head up and down his length. I hear my name in his gasps as he pulls me off his cock and moves my mouth to replace my fingers. 

I gently suck his balls into my hot mouth and move my hand back to his cock...now slick and wet, my hand moves firmly and quickly up and down. His breathing is quick now...insistent. I know it won't be long. Suddenly he pulls me away and rolls me onto my back. I whimper slightly as he positions himself above me...grinning down at me, his eyes intense. "You are such a naughty girl," he says as he spreads my legs with his knees and drives his cock into my tight treasure. I reach above me, grabbing the headboard and thrust back at him, welcoming him into my dripping wet pussy. We are both still for a moment...reveling in the completeness we feel...before we start to move together. He moves his hands from either side of me and grabs my ankles, pulling my legs into the air and pushing them farther apart than even I thought they would go. He looks down at me, smiling, knowing what I want...him, deep inside me, relentlessly taking what is his. I smile back as I reach down and feel his cock moving in and out of me...faster and faster. He puts my ankles onto his shoulders and reaches for my wrists, holding them firmly against the mattress as he bends even closer to me. I get one more glimpse of his eyes before he ducks his head and takes my nipple into his mouth, between his teeth. The pain is so delicious that I cry out, arching my back to him. He pulls my nipple away from my body before releasing it. I feel it...throbbing...just as I feel him. 

I can't take it any more and my body begins to buck underneath him...my pussy convulsing around his cock as he tells me to cum for him. I feel my juices flow...the wetness making us both so slippery. His thrusts quicken as I start to cum again. With a final thrust, he drives deeper and explodes inside me. My legs wrap around him, pulling him even deeper and holding him there. I feel his teeth on my neck, my chest as he releases himself inside me. As he finally relaxes against me, I push him over on his back and slide down his body. My pussy is wet...dripping onto his leg as my mouth takes in his spent cock. I feel him tremble as he once again strokes my hair, my name a whisper on his lips. I nurse his cock, tasting our mingled passion, and start to awaken from my dream. As my eyelids flutter open, I feel him move against me. I look up to see him smiling at me. "What a wonderful way to wake up," he says, his fingers tracing my sticky lips.