 Saturday morning begins with a beautiful sunrise that signals good things to come. There are no club walks scheduled for this weekend which is just as well since Catherine is all set to spend the day at the beach. Her plan is in place, a plan she shared with me yesterday morning in bed. We woke early in the morning after a fun evening where we used our sex toys to pleasure each other. Before falling asleep, I told Catherine I wished to make love in the morning and be balls deep in her pussy.

I woke up with my usual morning wood and cuddled up to Catherine placing my hard cock within the crevice of her backside. I placed my hand around her shoulder and cradled her breast in my palm. I used my fingers to tweak her nipple until she opened her eyes and smiled.

"Good morning sunshine. How'd you sleep?"

"Like a baby. What's that pressed into my ass?"

"It's your morning wake up call. I'm looking for a warm, wet place to put it. Any ideas?"

Catherine responded, "Absolutely. Let me use the bathroom first and then you can have your way with me. What's your pleasure?"

"I would love for you to be bent over my bed and let me take you from behind?"

"You do love that position, don't you? Well I'm game."

I responded, "Absolutely."

I used the facilities after Catherine and when I returned to the bedroom she was bent over my bed with her legs spread. Her beautiful big tits hung down. I picked up the vanilla lube from my nightstand and poured a small amount on my shaft. I slathered it around preparing to fuck Catherine.

"I hope you don't mind any foreplay this morning, but I really want to be inside of you now."

Catherine looked back at me and smiled. "Do I look like I mind? Put that hard cock where it belongs."

I moved in behind Catherine and lined the tip of my cock up with her sweet opening. I held my shaft steady and pushed until I was literally balls deep into her pussy.

"This feels so much better than that Fleshlight. Although, last night was a lot of fun. You are very creative."

"Yes, and you feel so much better than my vibrator. Take me, my stud."

With her approval, I began to slide in and out of her tight opening. I drilled deep with each stroke. Every time I bottomed out, Catherine grunted. I reached around and held each boob in my hand as I used short strokes to get her juices flowing. I love her Double-D's with the thick nipples. I lightly pinched and pulled her nubs.

"You feel so good, Catherine. I won't last much longer; I feel like I'm gonna cum soon."

"OK baby, don't wait for me. I'll take care of myself. Just keep pumping."

Catherine used one hand to support her and the other to rub her pussy. She used two fingers to stimulate her clit propelling her to orgasm. I let go of her tits and grabbed her hips as I began my final assault and reached for my own climax. The harder I pushed, the faster her fingers circled her clit. We were both approaching our final release.

"Oh god Cath, I'm going to explode. Your pussy feels so good, you are so tight. I can't hold off any longer. Geez."

"Me too Rob, me too. My clit is so sensitive."

I held her hips tight, pushed my seven inches to the hilt and fired away. The first two ropes of cum bolt through my shaft and splash deep inside of Catherine. A third and fourth spew out as I resume pumping my cock into her cunt. Her fingers are a blur, rubbing her pink pearl raw.

"I feel your or cum inside, keep fucking me. I'm there, I'm there. I'm cummminnng."

I kept hold of her hips to steady Catherine as she rode out her climax. Her legs shook and her cute ass quivered as electric bolts surged through her body. As she fell to the bed, my shaft popped from within her folds covered in cum. Now that's a wakeup call.

After we cleaned up, I made breakfast for the two of us. True to her spirit, she remained naked until we parted ways around 10:00 AM. She took her strap-on and the vanilla lube as she has every intention of using them today.

The central coast is warming up nicely as I drive up to Catherine's home in San Luis Obispo. I arrive just after 10:30 and knock on her door.

"Morning Cath. Uh, you aren't Catherine."

"Well hello Rob, it's nice to meet you. I'm Lacy. I'm Cathy's next door neighbor."

I step back and look at the address on the house. I wonder if I made a mistake.

Lacy chuckles, "You're OK, you are at the right house. Cathy is inside getting ready for the beach. Come on in."

Lacy opens the door all the way and I step inside. She holds out her hand to shake. I reach for her hand as I give her the once over. She is much shorter than Catherine, five four, I would venture. Her dark brown hair is cut short, almost a pageboy style. She, like Catherine, has very pretty blue eyes. Lacy is wearing a light yellow terrycloth cover-up over what appears to be a modest Hawaiian print bikini top. The cover-up is strapless and has a tight elastic band high on the bodice. The effect highlights Lacy's generous bust and that is where my eyes are drawn to. Catherine told me she has some amazing torpedo shaped tits and I'm beginning to see what she meant. I readjust my eye level and grab Lacy's hand to shake.

"It's so nice to meet you Lacy. Catherine has told me a little bit about you. She failed to mention how lovely you are and what beautiful blue eyes you have."

Lacy blushes at the compliment. As I hold her hand, I raise it up and see that her nails are painted yellow to match her cover-up. A little unconventional, but OK, whatever.

I feign, "Wow, that's nice color for nail polish."

"Thank you. I like to match my polish to what I wear. It's just my little thing."

I tease her, "So when you take off your cover-up, do you have to change the color to match your bikini?"

Lacy giggles, "You are too funny. Cathy said you have a sense of humor. Come on in, she's in the kitchen."

As I follow Lacy into the kitchen, my eyes are riveted on her swaying ass. I picture Catherine with her strap-on buried in that ass. I hope that comes to pass.

Lacy introduces me,"Hey Cathy, looks who's here? You didn't tell me he was so good looking."

Catherine is busy preparing sandwiches for our beach adventure. She turns to me as I approach and we embrace. We share a loving kiss and a tight hug. Catherine is wearing a light cotton cover-up and nothing else. Her nipples press on the thin cotton. I shouldn't be surprised.

I whisper, "So what's with the 'Cathy' name? Do you prefer that to Catherine?"

"No I don't. Lacy is the only person who calls me that. I don't have the heart to correct her."

"Especially when you want to get into her pants."

Catherine slugs me with that comment.

"So what's for lunch? Anything I can do?"

Catherine tells us we will be dining on roast beef and Swiss on sourdough sandwiches. She is also packing up some fresh fruit and bottles of water to keep us hydrated. Lacy has two backpacks; one for the food and the other is stuffed with beach towels, sunscreen and hats. Catherine tells me to get the blanket from the back porch and we'll be off to Avila.

I throw the blanket and backpacks into my trunk while Catherine locks up the house. I open the passenger door for my ladies and they slide in the front seat with Catherine in the middle. On the short drive down Highway 101 to Avila, I hold hands with Catherine. I try to keep my eyes focused on the road, but it is hard to miss her breasts sway underneath her cotton cover-up. Also, its cut low, so she's showing some nice cleavage.

We make it to Avila without incident. Parking spots are easy to find this early and we are close to the central beach area. Catherine grabs the backpack with the food. I hand the blanket to Lacy and grab the other backpack. We begin our trek down the stairs and through the sand to the far end of the beach. We pass a few groups of beach goers already settled in the main area. Catherine is several steps ahead of Lacy and I and walking with a purpose. She is headed directly to the clothing optional section about 500 yards further on down.

Lacy and I attempt to keep up. There is a large green sign signifying the separation of the two sections. As soon as she passes the sign, Catherine pulls the strap on her cover-up and it floats to the ground.

"Wow, Cathy doesn't waste any time getting naked."

I agree with Lacy, "No she doesn't."

Catherine picks up her cover-up and continues walking. I watch her ass sway as she walks with a purpose striding towards the center of the clothing optional area. We pass several couples already nude and enjoying the warm weather. Lacy and I catch up to Catherine. 

Catherine announces, "This will do."

Lacy drops the blanket and we each grab a side to stretch it out on our newly acquired plot of land. The blanket is huge; it must 15' x 15'. Six or seven bodies would fit comfortably. Catherine is such a lovely sight with her golden tits standing proud on her chest. Her deep red nipples draw my attention every time. I open the backpack and pull out our towels and sunscreen while Catherine pulls out water from hers.

It's time for Lacy and I to join Catherine in naked bliss. I watch Lacy, trying to gauge her willingness to strip in front of me. There is no trepidation as she steps out of her yellow cover-up. She is wearing a bikini that is modest by Catherine's standard. She reaches around the back to unsnap the top. I stare at her chest as she removes the top and bares her breasts. They are just as Catherine described, large perfectly shaped torpedo tits capped with saucer sized brown areola. Her natural shaped nipples point straight ahead. Lacy winks as me as she stoops to remove her bikini bottoms.

"Hey perv, are you going to take off your shorts?"

Catherine shocked me out of my trance with her direct question. I look in her direction and decide I need to remove my shorts. I unbuckle my belt and drop my shorts. As I take off my shirt, I look over to Lacy. She is naked and putting her clothes into the backpack. Lacy walks over and runs her hand up and down my chest.

Lacy says, "First things first, I think you could use some sunscreen protection."

The three of us put our towels together and sit down with me between the ladies. I open the sunscreen and rub it onto Lacy's back first, followed by Catherine. Next Catherine applies some to my back. She drips several spurts onto her breasts before passing the bottle to Lacy. Catherine rubs the protective lotion all around her tits and stomach. I just watch, wishing I could be the one spreading the lotion. Lacy follows suit and protects her generous mounds and runs her hands down to her smooth mons and pussy lips.

I watch Lacy run her hands around her stomach, down to her pussy and thighs. I ask Lacy if she needs assistance.

"That would be fun, but I think it might raise some eyebrows out here in public. Maybe back at Cathy's house."

Lacy is the first to lie down. Her large breasts stay upright with her nipples pointing to the sun. She spreads her legs just a bit giving me a tantalizing view of her pussy. Her smooth outer lips frame some very pink inner labia that protrude at least an inch or more from within her slit. I would love to feast on those flaps.

Catherine and I soon join Lacy in lying in the sun soaking up the morning rays. The constant sound of the waves lapping on the shore soothes our senses. I may have dozed a bit but now I am aware of a hand wrapped around my cock. Catherine always knows how to handle me. I arise from my dream state and begin to refocus my eyes. I see Catherine standing up and watching people splashing in the waves. If she is standing up, it is certainly not her hand fondling my shaft.

I regain my senses and see yellow nail polish on the hand toying with me. I look over and watch Lacy's breasts rise and fall with her shallow breathing. I nudge her to stir her awake.

"Hey Lacy."

"She opens her eyes and smiles. Lacy squeezes my shaft a few times before releasing her grip.

"I saw your cock harden and couldn't help myself. I love it."

I roll to my side facing Lacy, "I would love to make love to you. Have any plans later? I'm going to eat that lovely pussy of yours."

Lacy squirms and nods her head. I reach over and palm her right breast, pinching her nipple. I feel confident that Catherine and I will have our way with this little playmate. 

Catherine comes over to us and suggests we go for a walk along the shore. She reaches out to me, grabs my hand and pulls me up to a standing position. I, in turn, reach out to Lacy and pull her to her feet. The three of us walk down to the water's edge and head down the far end of the beach toward the rock outcroppings. My cock is semi-erect from Lacy's hand and swings back and forth with every stride. My full seven inches is on display with my balls hanging low. I get appreciative looks from both ladies. I concentrate on keeping my shaft in check. I don't want to stride down the beach with a full on hard-on leading the way. I'm sure Catherine and Lacy wouldn't mind, but I don't want any undue attention; although I'm confident all the attention would be focused on the gals' boobs anyway.

We enjoy a leisurely stroll along the water's edge. Gentle waves of salt water rush over our feet as we keep walking a straight line across the sand. We pass several people who are walking in the opposite direction. Catherine and Lacy draw appreciative stares from several men and a few women as well. 

I enjoy all of the scenery, but it occurs to me that I am walking with two of the most buxom women at the beach. Most of the ladies passing us are pleasing to look at, with various shapes and sizes of breasts. Some have tiny pink nipples while others have massive dark areole that covers a large portion of their boobs. I'm in tit heaven and I feel my cock start to rise again.

I suggest we test the waters and go for a swim. Catherine wants to walk a little further before taking a dip.

"Let's go a bit further up to the rocks at the end of the beach."

This end of the clothing optional beach is where you will find the more adventurous souls engaging in, shall we say, intimate playtime. Catherine has a more descriptive view and tells us she wants to see some good old fashioned fucking. She is such a voyeur and my cock stiffens even more. As we move around some of the larger rock outcroppings, Lacy makes an audible shriek. The three of us witness a couple engaged in the aforementioned intimate playtime.

A gentleman is standing knee deep in the ocean with his legs spread. His female companion is on her knees with a firm grasp of his cock and half of it in her mouth. The water is just below her pendulous breasts and they sway back and forth as she administers a good looking blowjob. 

We view the scene from behind one large rock and don't make a sound. We don't want to interrupt their fun. As we watch the lady bobs her head back and forth, Lacy reaches over to my cock and holds on. I am now at full staff as she moves her hand back and forth along my shaft. Catherine looks over at Lacy's hand movements and smiles before drawing her attention back to the couple. It appears they may be close to the end. He has his hand on the back of her head urging her on. She has most of his cock down her throat and is grabbing his ball sack squeezing and pulling it. Her hand on his shaft is a blur as she pumps and sucks his cock.

Catherine whispers, "Look at this size of that cock, he must be eight or nine inches."

Lacy adds, "And look at her huge tits swing back and forth. I'd love to suck on those."

Catherine and I both look at Lacy and do a double take. Did we just hear what we thought we heard? The scene before us is rising to a crescendo as the lady removes her mouth and pumps furiously on his nine inch cock. We see his legs start to shake and then he releases a torrent of cum which lands squarely on her face covering her nose, lips and chin. She continues to jack him off and more jizz erupts onto her boobs.

Catherine says, "Wow, what a load; look at her covered in cum, that is so erotic. I'm glad we saw them, I love watching others have sex."

We continue to watch the couple for a few more minutes. She releases her hold on his cock and dips down into the cool ocean water cleaning off all of the semen. When she is cleansed she stands up and they embrace with a loving kiss. His massive dong hangs low, now limp and satisfied.

Meanwhile, my cock is rock hard and gripped by Lacy. I once again suggest we enter the water to cool down my throbbing erection. Catherine agrees that we all need to catch our breath and calm down. Lacy reluctantly releases her hold and we walk down the beach another ten yards before entering the water. We were not seen by the passionate lovers.

The cool water calms my dick as I make my way into the oncoming waves. Catherine and Lacy are right behind me as we move further out past the gentle breakers. At this point the water level is right at Lacy's boobs and they seem to float all by themselves. The three of us bob up and down as they waves pass by our bodies. We enjoy the placid feeling of weightlessness in the salty sea.

Catherine is the first to speak, "Well, that was quite a show. I knew we would see some action on this side of the beach. People are always cavorting about hidden by the rocks. I have this fantasy that it is me putting on the show."

I think to myself, we will put on a show for others sometime in the near future, I'll make sure of that. Lacy floats on her back with her round torpedo tits sticking high into the air. Catherine and I move close to her and place our hands underneath her body to support her. I have one hand firmly around her ass. I think Catherine has her hand on Lacy's other cheek. We assist Lacy with her floating upon the gentle waves.

I can't help myself from sucking on Lacy's erect nipple. It points straight up into the air like a beacon assisting sailing vessels in stormy waters. Her nipples resemble those found on a baby bottle in both size and shape. They are just made for sucking. As I latch on to her protuberance, I nearly bump heads with Catherine who has the same idea and is busy sucking on Lacy's other nipple. We feast on her tits, unconcerned that we may be visible to other people around us or on shore.

Lacy moans, "Gawd this is so good. My boobs are so sensitive and you two are making me crazy."

I watch as Catherine moves one hand over to Lacy's pussy and rub her crease separating Lacy's inner labia. Her pink petals open and invite Catherine's fingers to explore to greater depths. Lacy spreads her legs wider to accommodate the intrusion. Catherine searches out Lacy's clitoris and uses two fingers to circle and rub the pink pearl. Lacy squirms in my arms as she floats to a gentle climax; my mouth firmly attached to her nipple. I suck harder as Lacy moans and demands that we not stop until her orgasm comes.

I feel Lacy's whole body shake as a mini orgasm spreads through her floating body. Catherine continues to rub her clit allowing Lacy a full and complete release. Lacy has an arm wrapped around my shoulder and hangs on for dear life.

"Oh yes, I'm cumming, I'm cummmmiiinnnngggg. Rub my clit Cathy, rub my clit."

I brace myself amid the rolling waves to support Lacy as her body goes limp from her extended climax. I release her nipple from my lips and kiss Lacy. Our tongues dance together as she comes back down from her sexual high. I support her for a few more minutes. Catherine releases her hold and backs away as I allow Lacy to right herself and regain her footing under the water. Catherine swims around us as Lacy and I embrace.

Lacy whispers to me, "Thank you so much, I needed that. Seeing that girl with the big boobs blow her guy was too much. I wanted to join them and make it a threesome. I'm sorry Rob; you must be pretty horny too. How can I help?"
