 I've been retired now for over a year and I am enjoying every minute. I have several lady friends here in town that I date or visit regularly. We enjoy each other's company, some on a social basis and a few on a more intimate basis. As I settle into the life of leisure, I am exploring a wide range of hobbies to fill my time. A few months back I read an article in the local paper that put a spotlight on healthy living. More specifically it talked about the therapeutic value of walking five or ten kilometres several times a week. The article highlights a local club that meets weekly for group walks.

The idea intrigues me as I need to step up my game in the physical activity arena. Especially now, being retired, I don't want to be relegated to a rocking chair watching TV all day. Lately, most of my physical activity has been sexual in nature. Not that this is bad, but I do need to get out of the house more often, or at least out of the bedroom. I mentioned the idea of the walking club to my gal pals and it was met with a lukewarm response at best. 

My friend, Laura, said no way. After putting in a full day at her job at a local drug store, the last thing she wants to do is walk another three or four miles. She told me in no uncertain terms that she is my fuck buddy, not my health guru. This assessment is probably true as she is, how shall I say, a bit plump and not one to exercise, unless it is bouncing up and down on my cock. She loves to ride me after a long day at work where she is constantly standing. I love it too because I get to play with her enormous tits while she straddles me. Her boobs are very big and round with just a bit of sag to them. Her pale, wide areole are fun to kiss and lick. She loves the attention I pay to her beautiful boobs. That's what she wants at the end of the day, not traipsing through some old rocky path out in the wild.

I talked to my lady friend, Sandy, who lives in my apartment complex, about the walking club. She is all for it and thinks I should join. She said she would love to walk with me if she were twenty years younger. I guess she is right, after all she is sixty-eight and widowed. However, she is in great shape and spends a lot of time at the apartment's pool. I bet she could do a 5K every so often. I know about her shape because she invited me into her bed last year.

I was teasing her one day about spying on her at the pool. I told her I wished she would sunbathe topless, because then I could admire her big tits from my apartment window. No sooner had I made that comment than she pulled me into her bedroom and was stripping off her sweater. Her dark red nipples stared me in the face and I was lost. I reached under her large pendulous boobs and brought her erect nipples right to my mouth. I was in heaven, sucking and licking her nipples. Next thing I know, she has hold of my seven inch cock and is stroking me. Of course, I returned the favour and used my fingers to rub her long clit and dip into her pussy. That day we masturbated each other to lovely orgasms and continued to do so for several months. One day she surprised me by telling me she was ready to have intercourse. She was finally at peace with being a widow and wanted to feel a nice hard cock deep inside her pussy once again. She said since I was so patient with her over the past several months, I was the one she wanted. The best part of our arrangement is that I get to eat her pussy every time to get her wet enough for penetration. 

Sex with an older woman is wonderful, it is never rushed. We take our time to enjoy each other with stroking, soft kisses and lots of oral sex. We often bathe together and linger in the warm, sudsy water until we turn into prunes. Even though she is very energetic when it comes to sex, she isn't one to walk several miles a day.

There are other prospects in town, including my dear friend Jane, whom I met at a massage class last year. But they all still work full time and are not ready to devote a lot of energy to more physical activity. I would love for her to walk with me, but she is so busy with teaching her third graders and doing massage therapy on the side, that I am reluctant to ask.

I have no worries about finding out more about this walking club on my own. I'm sure I will enjoy the walking and probably get to meet new and interesting people along the way. I checked the walking clubs website and the next scheduled walk is this coming Thursday. There is a lot of information on the website. It turns out this club is only one of many in Central California and they are all affiliated with national and international Volkswalker associations. Who knew?

On Thursday afternoon, I get ready for a 5K walk with the local club. I slip on my trusty New Balance All Terrain tennis shoes, jeans and sweatshirt. Spring is just around the corner, however today there is a slight chill in the air. These walks take place at various starting points throughout the region. Tonight's walk begins in Pismo Beach. I drive up Highway 101 to the location listed on the website. When I arrive there are seven people milling about. Most seem to be in my age category, so I feel right at home. I introduce myself to the folks and we strike up friendly conversations. I learn that a few of the people already here are first time walkers and that puts me more at ease.

The group talks about the weather, naturally. It's a safe topic. More walkers arrive as the 6:15 registration time draws near. Several ladies arrive carrying a small table and books. They setup near the front door of the local coffee shop and introduce themselves to the new people, including myself. Mary is the president of this chapter and she proceeds to talk about the group and logistics. Since the group is affiliated with the national chapter, everyone needs to check in and sign a waiver for any accidents that might occur. Mary explains that sometimes a misstep could lead to a twisted ankle, or a tumble and the club needs to be held harmless in such a case. The club does carry medical insurance in case of really bad accidents. So far, none have occurred with this club, but there have been horror stories with other clubs.

Most of the club walks are in the neighborhoods or green belts around the county. A few walks go into the foothills and are more demanding. They are rated as hikes more than walks. There seems to be a good variety of activities with this particular club, so I am all in. I introduce myself to Mary, sign up and pay a small amount for yearly dues.

At precisely 6:30 PM, Mary gathers tonight's group into a circle and welcomes us. We take turns introducing ourselves. There are about fifteen folks, with four of us being new walkers. We are given maps for the 5K route and head out for an adventure. Many of the regulars talk nonstop as we walk and get some good exercise. I am in the middle of the group as we walk along at a good pace. It's not quite power walking, but we seem to move right along.

I study the map and see that tonight's route takes us down along the Arroyo Grande Creek. I've been here before and know that many couples frequent parts of the creek enjoying the warm water. It's popular with the clothing optional crowd, but I don't think I'll be seeing any naked tits tonight. It's still early in the season and too late in the evening for skinny dipping, but you never know. I've also heard rumors of a clothing optional RV Park close by, but I have never seen it.

As the evening sunset begins, the sky gets darker and I realize I didn't bring a flashlight. Well there is one rookie mistake. Several people bring out their lights, so at least we can see where the path leads us. I walk along for a few kilometers in the dark, relying on the flashlights of others walking ahead of me. I do my best not to stumble. Just over the halfway point when we are near the infamous hot water spot where many a naked person could be spotted, I feel a tap on my shoulder. At first, I don't think anything of it. A minute later I feel another tap on my shoulder, this time it's a little more forceful. I turn my head and stare directly into the bluest eyes I've ever seen. Even in the dark I can see them shine.

"Hi, I'm Catherine."

After a minute or two of stuttering, I finally get out, "Hello, my name is Rob."

"Well hello Rob. It's nice to meet you. Is this your first walk? I haven't seen you before."

I acknowledge this is my first time out with the walking club as we continue walking at a brisk pace. I do my best not to fall down as I gaze at Catherine.

"I thought this might be your first walk since you are without a flashlight. Here, I have a really bright one. We can walk together and use my light so you don't step somewhere you shouldn't."

Catherine is very generous sharing her light as we navigate the trail together. She tells me she has been a member for about eight months now and tries to get out for all of the scheduled walks. The first thing I notice about Catherine, besides her sparkling blue eyes, is how tall she is. I bet she stands at least 5 foot 8. She is wearing a Cal Poly Mom sweatshirt and it appears to be quite full. I decide I would like to get to know Catherine a little bit better.

I state the obvious, "So, you have a son or daughter in college?"

"I had a daughter over at SLO; she graduated last spring and moved to Southern California. So now it's just me up here."

"Well congrats to her. I bet it's exciting for her to start something new?"

Catherine affirms that her daughter, Amy, was very happy to get out of school and start a new job. So, it's just her up here now, eh? I don't want to press too hard for personal details right away, so I keep the conversation light as we continue walking.

"So Catherine, what keeps you busy up here?"

Catherine opens up to me and talks non-stop, "I recently retired from a local winery where I took care of the books and the accounting. It a fairly large corporate winery and they took very good care of me. I have a great pension and now with Amy gone, I have lots of time to play and maybe do some traveling. You can't beat the Central Coast for the lovely beaches and weather. I plan to stay here and kick up my heels. How about you, Rob?"

"It sounds like we're in the same boat. I retired about a year ago and have been enjoying the life of leisure. Lots of reading, exploring the area and spending time with good friends. I've been taking some adult education classes around town. Just last fall, I took a massage class that was a lot of fun."

"That does sound fun; maybe in the future you can show me a few of your techniques."

I nearly stumble and choke when I hear Catherine's response. Did she just ask for a massage? I know where I'd like to start, how about those two large mounds hidden under that sweatshirt. Catherine grabs my arm as I regain my footing.

"Are you OK, Rob?"

"Oh yeah, I just stepped on a loose rock."

Catherine holds my arm and points her flashlight straight ahead. As we continue moving ahead we talk about our lives and what we hope to do in the future. She tells me that she is single and has been for six years. She put her daughter through college on her own. Her ex hasn't been around at all. We were next to the wide open area of the creek where many people get naked and get wild.

Catherine smiles and says, "Do you know about this area? A lot of skinny dipping goes on around here."

I smile and nod, "Have you ever done that?"

Catherine smiles and blushes. She just keeps on walking. I think I have my answer. An hour and a half after we began the walk, we arrive back at the starting point, feeling good for the exercise. Before I can ask Catherine is she'd like to grab a bite to eat, she thanks me for walking with her and hopes we can do it again.

She says, "I won't be able to make next Thursday's walk, but there is a 10K scheduled a week from Saturday in San Luis Obispo. Maybe we can meet up again for that walk?"

I answer, "Yes, that's sounds good. I'll check the website and perhaps see you then."

Catherine smiles wide and her blue eyes twinkle as we shake hands and head back to our cars. I kick myself for missing an opportunity to give her a kiss on the hand or cheek as we split apart. Maybe that might be a bit forward at this point. I definitely want to pursue this friendship, so maybe it's best to take it slow. My other head is thinking... 'She is hot, it looks like she might have some smoking tits hiding under that sweatshirt, and I'd love to be naked in the creek with her.'

I get in my car and head home. I'm sure there are leftovers in the fridge waiting for me. I guess it's a Thursday night of porn once again.

Friday rolls around and I still think about the night before and my conversation with Catherine. I check out the club's website and write down the details for the walk next Saturday in San Luis Obispo. I will definitely be there, as well as next Thursday's regular walk which starts in Avila. In the meantime, I need to take care of this feeling centred on my cock. I don't have blue balls yet, but I need relief soon. Normally, I would pull out my Fleshlight and have a go with it. But it's a possibility that Laura will stop by tonight, so I need to keep all of my energy focused for her.

At 4:30 my cell rings and it's Laura.

"Hey handsome, got some time for me tonight? I've put in a long week at work and am feeling rather horny right now."

"Hey Laura Lovebird, yep I have all night for you and then some. Do you want to come over for dinner? I'll whip up my signature spaghetti for us. Whadda ya say?"

"I say I'll be there in an hour. Do you need me to pick up anything at the grocery store?" 

"How are you fixed with lube? We might need a bottle or two."

She laughs, "You are a nasty boy. I don't think Safeway sells the kind you are looking for. I can get some cooking oil, if that pleases you? See you at 5:30."

I hang up. My cock twitches thinking about being balls deep in Laura tonight, but in the back of mind, I am still fixated on Catherine. The hour passes quickly as I prepare the pasta dish and salad for Laura and me. At precisely 5:30 Laura arrives and uses her key to open the door.

"I'm in the kitchen Laura."

Laura walks into the kitchen and plants a big wet kiss on my lips. Her tongue darts into my mouth and pushes hard against my tongue. I hug her tight, squishing those amazing boobs between us. She is wearing a loose fitting sundress and I can tell she is braless.

"What, no drug store uniform tonight?"

Laura tells me she stopped at her place after work, showered and changed out of her monkey suit.

"I am so done with work for this week and my feet are killing me. I just need a nice massage on that new table of yours. You can start with my feet and especially my toes, if you get my drift. And, if you're in the mood, I could use a little tidying up."

Laura is hitting all of my hot buttons and my cock is getting hard. She loves for me suck on her toes when I massage her feet. As far as tidying up, what she really means is she wants me to shave her pussy. It looks like my night just got a little more interesting. Laura keeps her pussy completely smooth and I'm her barber. In return, she shaves my cock and balls. I leave a small patch of hair just above my shaft that tickles her nose every time she goes down on me.

"Well I am at your service ma'am. But first you need to test these noodles and tell me if they are ready."

Laura swirls a few stands on a fork and declares that dinner is ready. Earlier, I set the table and poured some red Merlot for both of us. Laura takes a seat as I serve up the spaghetti.

"Mmm, smells wonderful. Why are you so good to me?"

"Because I love your huge tits and need to suck on your juicy nipples all night long."

Laura sticks her tongue out, "You are such a romantic. Eat your spaghetti and get ready to be my slave."

I do as I am told. I know exactly what is in store for me tonight and I can't wait. Laura and I enjoy our dinner as she tells me about her week. We kill the bottle of wine and are feeling good. Laura offers to clean up if I will prepare the massage table for the evening festivities. Laura moves into the kitchen and I walk back to the spare bedroom where my professional massage table is. I purchased it from a spa specialty store up in Paso Robles this past fall. My friend, Jane went with me as she previously bought her massage table from the same company and was a huge help in my decision. She and I were the first to test out the functionality of the table. It was a wild night of sex.

Tonight it is all about taking care of Laura. I put some towels on the table and pull out some massage oils from the cabinet. I go into the bathroom and get my razor and shaving cream. I have some candles that I use to create a warm, soothing atmosphere. Lastly, I turn on my CD player for sexy background music.

I call out to Laura and let her know I am ready for her.

She yells back, "Be there in a minute. I'm drying a couple of dishes."

I wait patiently and contemplate whether I should get undressed right now. I know I'll be naked soon enough, I just don't know if I should surprise Laura with my cock standing at attention. I decide to take my shirt off, but leave my pants on.

I hear Laura speak,"OK, I'm finished in here, I coming."

Laura turns the corner down the hallway and comes to the spare bedroom. She enters the room completely nude; her big breasts swaying back and forth.

"Well you don't waste any time."

"No I don't and I expect you to do the same."

I have probably mentioned before that she is my favorite BBW and we have some amazing sex. Laura is 43 and stands five foot two in bare feet. She weighs in the neighborhood of 190 pounds, but most of that weight is her enormous boobs. Her nipples are as big as my thumb and harden up with just a slight touch. She loves for me to suck them and use my teeth to lightly graze the pink buds which makes her pussy very wet.

I spread towels over the table and help Laura get up on the table. I grab her fleshy ass and push. Laura lies down on her stomach. Her mammoth breasts squish down and form large mounds of side boob for my viewing pleasure. She spreads her legs and prepares for a much needed massage. I cover her generous ass with a towel and move to the bottom of the table.

Laura looks back at me with a smirk, "What's with the towel, you won't last 60 seconds before you grab my ass."

She is probably right. It's hard to keep my hands away from those buns. I grab one foot and begin a vigorous rub all around. My thumbs press against her arch and massage the bottom of her foot. I cup her heel and squeeze and rub the flesh. I rub around her ankle, flexing her foot back and forth. Laura breathes deep with a mixture of oohs and aahs. I apply the same technique to her other foot. When I am satisfied her tender feet are no longer aching, I raise her left foot to my lips and suck on her big toe. I move my tongue around and around while I tickle her arch. She adores my foot worship and sighs. I do the same to her big toe on the other foot, while Laura begins to squirm. I alternate feet as I suck her other toes and lick between each one. I use the flat surface of my tongue to lick up and down her arches, slathering her feet with saliva.

Laura murmurs, "You're making my pussy wet again."

We discovered our mutual foot fetish one evening watching TV on my couch. Laura had a long day at work standing for more than ten hours and her feet were numb. I worked them over with my hands and then on a lark decided to suck on her big toe. That really turned her on and gave me a hard-on which required her services to relieve.

I notice my cock is once again hard and straining to be released. Before moving to her calves, I unbuckle my pants and drop them to the floor. My seven inch shaft springs to attention. I prefer to massage my lady friends while completely nude; a request that never gets turned down.
