 Working from home was a new experience for me, and I loved every minute. My boss had given me a new territory that was well established and covered an area close to my home. It was perfect. Little did I realize just how perfect, but I'm getting ahead of myself.

After my divorce I found my little house after an exhaustive search. I knew that it would be the ideal house for me and didn't haggle over price as I normally would. I used the spare bedroom that faced the street as an office and every morning I would fire up my computer and plan my day. Most of my work consisted of placing orders via the internet in the morning and in the afternoon visiting my accounts that need personal attention.

One recent morning I happened to glance out my office/bedroom window and was shocked to see a woman who, while walking several dogs was suddenly knocked off of her feet and was being dragged up my street. I rushed outside and quickly grabbed the several leashes the dogs were attached to and with my other hand stooped to help the woman to her feet.

I immediately noticed how attractive Ellen was, blonde haired, blue eyed, and petite yet shapely. She reminded me of a cheerleader or gymnast.
 "Are you all right?" I asked. "That was a nasty fall.

She looked up at me as she dusted her self off and replied.

"Yeah, I guess I tried to walk to many of these guys this morning." She went over to the dogs and checked to see if they were injured. "I walk dogs for a living." 

"Really," I said. "I've never heard of that before, is it profitable?"

"It's a gold mine" she said smiling at me with those beautiful white teeth and sensuous lips. "I started doing it for my neighbors after my pregnancy; you know to lose the baby fat. I left little notes to tell them if the dog had been good or I picked up your mail. My girlfriend told me I should start charging them a nominal fee, and I never looked back. I have six full time women working for me and we are making a fortune."

I smiled down at her in admiration. She was quite the business woman and gorgeous. 

'Look" I said, "you can't handle these dogs by yourself so why don't I give you a hand until you have a manageable number?"

"Okay, you've got a deal....I'm Ellen by the way. Your reward for being such a nice guy is I will buy you lunch."

"Deal. I'm Michael"

We walked around the neighborhood returning dogs to their homes and filling out "report cards" for pooping, peeing, being well behaved etc., etc. We talked about ourselves and our respective divorces, my job, her son and all in all had a great time. 

After ninety minutes, we had returned the last dog and Ellen and I walked towards our houses.

"I know I promised to buy you lunch, Michael but how about I make you lunch instead?"

"Oh" I said quickly "I don't want to be a bother, let me take a rain check."

"No, No" she said. "It's no bother, I have to make lunch for myself so..."

"Okay, it's a deal. Do you want me to come down in a bit?"

"No" she said. "We're right here so come in, lunch will be ready shortly."

I followed her up her steps and noticed the outline of a thong against her muscular behind. She had a nice sway to her hips as well. We entered her nice little Cape Cod style house. She gave me a short tour of the downstairs and I made all the polite comments.

"Listen, Michael. I am going to hop in the shower quickly, I hope you don't mind? Make yourself at home. There is iced tea and soda in the 'fridge. Turn on the TV and I will be right back." She quickly moved upstairs.

I moved into her living room and found the remote turning on the TV. When I did, I received quite a shock. It was on the cable porn station, with the volume up. On the screen were a threesome; and the two women and one man were all being extremely vocal.

I heard a door close upstairs and Ellen, in a bathrobe, quickly entered the room and snatched the remote from my hand, turning the TV off. 

Her face was fire engine red and her eyes would not meet mine. "Hey" I said gently, "nothing to be embarrassed about, you probably hit the wrong channel as you were turning the set off." It was lame, but she looked at me gratefully and went back upstairs without a word. 

I looked out the window and observed a well maintained backyard. I thought of the scene I had just seen on television and a vivid picture of Ellen in her shower, sprang into my mind. Ellen soaping her firm breasts, pink nipples hardening, her hands then moving slowly down to her taut stomach...

"Michael?" Ellen said from behind me, bringing me back from my pleasant daydream.

"I'm sorry," I said, hoping she didn't notice the bulge in my pants. "I was just daydreaming."

"Something good I hope." Her eyes flicked quickly down towards my fly.

"Oh, just some random thoughts." Now I could feel my face beginning to redden.

"Would you like to sit down while I make you lunch?"

"No, I would like to help. It's always fun with two in the kitchen." As soon as I had said it, I recognized the double entendre and became embarrassed again.

"What I meant was.."

"I know what you meant" Helen said with a smile. "I would like that. It's nice to have some help, follow me."

As I followed her into the kitchen, I noticed that she had put on nice pair of walking shorts and a t-shirt. I could see the outline of a thong again.

In the kitchen, Ellen reached up into a cabinet, as she did so her t-shirt stretched across her chest, outlining her breasts perfectly. Her nipples hardened and stood out in spectacular fashion, slightly upturned and prominent.

She turned suddenly to look at me and I was caught. She smiled and I quickly diverted my eyes.

"I think I want a glass of wine with lunch, how about you?" She asked softly. I smiled back and nodded my head, afraid my voice would betray my racing heart.

"Could you get the glasses down from the cabinet in front of you, on the top shelf?"

I opened the cabinet and reached for the glasses and my shirtsleeve rose up on my bicep.

"Oh my, nice tattoo." She said, "Were you an army ranger?" 

I chuckled. "Yes about a million years ago." She walked over and put her hand on my arm where the tattoo sat, rubbing gently. I moved to put the glasses down and my forearm brushed against her nipple. I heard a quick breath, and our eyes met. I put the glasses down and maneuvered my arm around her and she stepped into me, still looking into my eyes.

I brought my hand up, and with the back of my fingers stroked her upturned cheek. She turned her head and kissed the back of my fingers, as her arms moved up and she placed her hands on my chest. I moved my head down and kissed her gently on the lips. Her mouth opened and her tongue gently parted my lips. Our kiss deepened and her hands wrapped around the back of my neck as I placed my hands on her hips.

Her breasts were pushing against my chest and my pectoral muscles flexed. She moaned as we kissed, her breasts flattening against me and her mouth opening, tongue moving faster. I could feel myself getting hard, my erection growing down my inner thigh. Without breaking our kiss, her hand snaked down in between us and she grasped me; repositioning it up and down in my pants grinding herself against my shaft, slowly pumping her hips.

Our kiss broke and without a word, Ellen led my back into her living room and sat on her couch. I stood before her and she reached up for my belt, but I stopped her hands.

"No," I said. "You first." I knelt down in front of her and her legs parted. I leaned in and kissed her passionately, pulling at her t-shirt. As I pulled it over her head, her breasts were revealed, full with upturned nipples, her pink areolas puckered. I kissed her nipple, flicking my tongue over the nub and she arched against my mouth, fingers entwining in my hair. I ran the palm of my hand against her other breast and again she arched her back. I pinched and pulled on it gently and she moaned.

"Harder, Michael." She whispered. I took her nipple between my teeth and ran my tongue back and forth across it; while her hands joined mine on her other breast. I moved my other hand down over her stomach to her inner thigh just below her shorts. The muscles jumped as I caressed her. Her legs opened wider and I moved back, unbuttoned her shorts and slipped them down her hips. 

She was wearing a lacey light blue thong, see through on top. I looked up to see a smile on her face, her eyes smoldering. Running my hands up her thighs, I lowered my head to the top of her thong gently kissing it and running my tongue under the elastic. My hands were still on her, my thumbs running up the edges of her panties. As I kissed lower, her hips made tiny rolling movements anticipating my arrival at her center.

My thumbs moved up and under the elastic and slowly began lowering them, taking her thong with them. As they came off she whispered, "Give them to me." I passed them to her. She took them from me and brought them to her face, her tongue snaking out.

"Wait," I whispered. "We'll do it at the same time." Her eyes widened.

I lowered my mouth on her pussy lips and I gave her a long sensuous lick, while watching her lick her panties. Moaning at the sight of her I sucked her lips into my mouth and grabbed her hips. She rocked them forward to meet me and threw her panties to the side, entwining her fingers in my hair. I stuck my tongue out and began to flick it over her clit, while massaging her lips with mine.

She was rocking her hips against my now slick face, up, down and small circles. I moved my hand up under my chin and without breaking contact probed for her opening. I inserted my first two fingers into her and she cried out, bucking her hips wildly. I began to fuck her faster with my fingers and her hips found my rhythm. I sucked strongly on her clit while burying my fingers deep inside her, twisting and turning my hand. She grabbed the back of my head with both of her hands, moaning and panting her hips jerking out of control. A stream of juice hit my lips and ran down my chin as she cried out and convulsed around my fingers.

She pulled my face away from her sex and brought me up to her mouth, kissing me franticly, passionately. She placed her cheek against mine, breathing heavily, reaching between us and firmly grasping my cock.

"Stand up." She said, breathily. 

I stood before her and she slid off of the couch, kneeling in front of me and our eyes met. She rose up on her knees and, grasping my ass with both hands, slid my cock deep into her mouth. She pulled me towards her, sliding her tongue over the underside of my cock; then moving slowly back she sucked me strongly. Her cheeks concaving with the effort she kept the head in her mouth and grasped the base. She began a rhythmic stroking, her hand meeting her lips half way down my shaft.

I reached down and caressed her nipples and she groaned against my cock, increasing her speed. My hips began to move faster and she removed her hand from me, and began to rub her clit. My cock was like a piston moving in and out of her mouth. She took her hand from her clit and moved between my ass cheeks, probing. I groaned loudly as she slid her finger into my ass. She sucked deeply and her tongue came out to lick the underside of my shaft.

"I'm gonna cum, baby." I rasped, and her head began to bob franticly. I shot deeply into her mouth and throat again, and again and again. She took all I had deep in her throat, with her nose resting against my stomach her mouth convulsively swallowing.

As my spasms subsided she released me from her mouth. 

From her knees, she looked up at me, a wicked grin on her face.

"So," she said. "Lunch again tomorrow, Michael?"

To be continued.