 I just spent a lovely day at Avila Beach with Catherine and her neighbor, Lacy. We introduced Lacy to public sex and then Catherine and I put on a show for some spectators. All three of us have enjoyed an orgasm today and it is still only 1:30 in the afternoon.

We walk back to our blanket after Lacy watched Catherine and I fuck on the far side of the beach. Lacy wanted to know why we didn't include her. I just told Lacy we would make it up to her and that I plan on eating her pussy back at Catherine's house.

I grab our towels and put them into a backpack while Catherine and Lacy pull on their cover-ups. I tell Lacy not to bother putting her bikini back on as it will just get in the way back at Catherine's. I pull on my shorts and then we all pick up the blanket to shake out the sand. Lacy takes the blanket and I grab the backpacks before walking back to my car.

Back at the car we put the blanket and backpacks into the trunk and hop in the front. This time Lacy is in the center. As we drive north on Highway 101 back to San Luis Obispo, Catherine and I turn our attention to Lacy.

I keep one hand on the wheel and use my right hand to massage Lacy's thigh. Catherine has her hands on Lacy's right breast and kneads the flesh through the terrycloth. Lacy grabs the top of her cover-up and pulls it down, baring her huge tits to our delight. Lacy's brown nipples are hard and point straight ahead. Catherine and I move our hands to her breasts and pull on her nipples. We play with Lacy's tits as I take the off-ramp into SLO.

Catherine bends over and sucks on Lacy's right nipple while she palms the large melon. I remind the ladies that we are coming into town and might be seen. Catherine reluctantly lets go of Lacy who pulls up her top. We promise Lacy we will continue as soon as we get back to Catherine's house.

I pull up in front of their houses and we retrieve our backpacks and the blanket. The three of us head inside Catherine's house and go directly to the backyard. We spread the blanket out by the back fence next to the spa. Catherine fires up the spa to get it hot and ready for the three of us.

Catherine and Lacy take off their cover-ups and cajole me to drop my shorts. I do as they say as Catherine runs into the house for some beers and snacks. Lacy and I get comfortable on the blanket. We drop down on our knees facing each other. My cock begins to rise being so close to this sexy lady with the big torpedo shaped tits. Her hard nipples poke out at least an inch from her light brown areole.

I reach up and palm Lacy's boobs rubbing and pinching her nipples. For her part, she reaches down to my cock and wraps her hand around my shaft. My seven inches respond to her grip and I am now fully erect. Lacy moves her hand back and forth along my shaft. She moves her head forward and our lips touch lightly. She snakes her tongue out and licks my lips before we press together in an open mouth, lust filled kiss. Our tongues battle as our hands continue to explore each other's bodies.

I break away and whisper,"I promised you I would eat your pussy and I'm ready right now. Lie down on your back and spread those gorgeous legs."

Lacy does as I command. She is spread eagle in the center of the blanket. Her tits point straight up into the warm sunny sky. We have a beautiful view of the green rolling hills and no one to interrupt our pleasure. I lie down between Lacy's legs and place my hands under each thigh. My target is right before my eyes. Her pink inner labia are already moist and sprout out between her outer lips like a flower about to bloom.

I drop my face down and nuzzle her smooth mons, licking all around her pussy. I inhale her sweet aroma with the scent of sea water still emanating from within. I open my mouth and suck on her inner labia; as I pull up I release her flaps with a smacking sound. I grab the rose petals, slick with moisture saliva. I unfold her labia and stretch her flaps a good inch or two, opening her inner core to my gaze. Her pink inner walls are ready for me, and I dip my tongue deep into her recesses and lick all around savoring Lacy's nectar.

Catherine steps outside carrying a tray with beer and snacks, which she places on a chaise lounge. She moves over to Lacy as it's time for Lacy's next test. She allowed Catherine to finger her to a satisfying orgasm at the beach. Will Lacy now return the favor? 

Catherine steps over Lacy and squats down, easing her pussy over Lacy's waiting mouth. I watch with anticipation as Catherine's labia contacts Lacy's lips. Lacy grabs her thighs to steady Catherine and sticks out her tongue. I dip my tongue into Lacy's quim just as she licks Catherine's slit. Lacy licks up and down Catherine's inner lips as Catherine comes to rest on her face. One more question gets answered. Lacy is all in for a threesome. Our mutual oral exploration takes center stage as we feast on two pussies. I grind my tongue deep into Lacy's inner flesh and lap up her juices. Meanwhile, she parts Catherine's labia and enjoys her first taste of another woman.

I place my hands on Lacy's thighs. My tongue snakes out and I glide it up and down her moist lips. Her rich taste has me begging for more. I feel Lacy squirm in my hold, so I know I have her attention. I press my lips to hers and suck on her inner flaps. I move my tongue around the soft skin captured in my mouth. Lacy presses her center core hard against my face as I flick my tongue back and forth lapping up her juices. I delve deep into her inner flesh and lick all around her lovely flower. I feel her clit harden and emerge from its protective hood. Her small nubbin gets hard between my lips. 

I wonder why her husband is not overly protective of this beauty. If I was him, I would be with her day and night. I would prize her huge tits, shaved pussy, lovely labia and hard clit. I suck on her fully engorged pearl and use my tongue to flick it back and forth; I am thankful that he has abandoned her to Catherine and me. Lacy's thighs quiver as I bring her to the brink of orgasm.

While Lacy nears her climax, she is equally fervent to bring Catherine to orgasm as well. Catherine's tasty juices flow into Lacy's mouth. Her thighs press tight against Lacy's head as she is held in place. I look up to see Lacy use the flat surface of her tongue to press into Catherine's pussy lips and locate her clit. Catherine is sent over the edge at the same instant that I feel Lacy tremble and unleash a steady flow of her girl juice onto my tongue. Two beautiful trembling bodies shudder together in a shared three-way climax. Lacy's sweet cum flows and covers my face as she rides out her climax. Catherine's cum flows as well. The two ladies are spent and satisfied.

A few minutes rest is all they need before they are ready for a snack. Catherine rises up from Lacy and then I help Lacy to her feet. We move over to the lounges and grab a bottle of beer with some chips. Lacy and I sit on one lounge and take in the view of the green rolling hills. We enjoy the solitude of the warm spring day while we contemplate the day so far. Catherine walks back to the house and disappears.

I take this time to ask Lacy about her husband,"Doesn't he miss you and wonder where you are? Does he know how we are spending our day?"

"Oh, he is probably up in his second floor office looking over the latest issue of 'Rock & Gem'. I swear when he is not teaching at the college, he nose is buried in some book about geology instead of being buried in my pussy. That's OK, cuz I have you and Catherine to play with. Her pussy tastes so good. Do you think she would like mine?"

I assure Lacy that Catherine would love to go down on her and feast.

"I know Catherine will love your sweet juices as much as I do. I'm sure our day is not over by a long shot. I bet Catherine will have her way with you, probably in the spa. That would be fun."

I ask Lacy if she would return the favor and suck my cock. She is very enthusiastic about my request. We leave our beers on the lounge and get back on the blanket. This time I lie flat on my back with my legs spread. Lacy kneels between my legs with her ass raised high in the air.

Meanwhile, Lacy's husband, John, is up in his second story office, but he is not looking at rocks. He is looking at his 24" flat screen computer monitor and viewing a video recorded last week. It's a video of Catherine in her spa pulling down the shorts of a lucky guy as his cock springs to attention; she grabbed the shaft and pumped it a few times. Her right hand reached up to cup his ball sack and then she sucked each ball into her mouth.

John's pants are down by his feet and his hand is wrapped around his own cock as he intently studies the video. Catherine is now licking and sucking on the cock. John watches the man move up and sits on the ledge of the spa allowing Catherine to continue with the blow-job. John moves his hand up and down his shaft as he watches the action on the screen.

It turns out Catherine's sense of privacy isn't accurate at all. She thinks her neighbors can't see her into the backyard as she routinely walks around nude. John, Lacy's husband, is a peeping Tom. He placed a hi-def remote control camera on the side of his house concealed by bushes. The good neighbor fence which is really just a three foot picket fence designed to keep pets from escaping allows his snooping to go undetected.

John continues to watch his monitor while increasing the speed of his strokes. The video shows Catherine bobbing her head back and forth and jacking off the cock. She then releases the cock from her mouth and John can see her swallowing what appears to be a large load of cum. The scene is too much for John and he erupts in a flourish of jizz. His semen shoots up several inches from the tip of his cock and covers his shaft and fingers in messy goo.

The video continues to play while John reaches for tissue to clean up. The bodies in the video have now changed places and Catherine is getting her pussy eaten while she sits on the side of the spa. The hi-def camera caught every moment of action in great detail. Catherine's large rounded tits with her crimson nipples fill the computer screen. John can see two fingers buried in her gash as she is brought to orgasm. If Catherine knew she was being filmed, she would not be pleased; least of all by her BFF's husband.

Lacy grabs my shaft at the base and moves her lips close to my cock. She has been looking forward to this moment since she laid eyes on me at the beach. She took several opportunities to hold and stroke my cock at the beach. Now, for the first time she is going to feast on my seven inch boner.

"I have been dying to suck your lovely cock since this morning. You are so firm and hard, I love this."

Lacy opens her mouth and descends upon me. She wraps her lips midway around my shaft and sucks hard as she pulls up. She releases me with a pop, licks her lips and sucks me again. This time she takes a little more of my man meat into her throat. I feel the hot, wet moisture of her mouth surround my shaft. She grabs my balls with her left hand and pulls down on my sack. Lacy massages and squeezes my balls as she bobs her head up and down.

Out of the corner of my eye I see Catherine emerge from the house. She has her new strap-on firmly in place and walks over to Lacy and me. I see the eight inch dildo glisten in the sunlight. It is obvious Catherine lubed it up with a generous portion of the vanilla lotion. Lacy concentrates on her blow-job and doesn't realize Catherine has joined us, until she feels the tip of the fake cock touch her ass.

Lacy jumps at first contact and releases my cock. She turns to see Catherine slide the dildo along her backside. There is a moment of fear and trepidation on Lacy's face.

I draw her attention,"Relax Lacy and enjoy the moment. Let Catherine fuck you and then you can have the real thing later."

Catherine grabs the dildo, lines the tip up with Lacy's pussy; she slides the dildo up and down along Lacy's slit, ready for entry. Catherine moves in and eases the dildo deep into Lacy's cunt. Lacy grunts at the intrusion of the imitation cock. She accepts the entire shaft as Catherine drills deep and presses her hips into Lacy's bottom.

I urge Lacy to resume my blow-job,"Lacy, keep sucking my cock."

When Lacy realizes Catherine is not letting up, she focuses back on my erect shaft and swallows me. She bobs her head up and down my shaft to the rhythm of Catherine's strokes. As Catherine pushes deep into Lacy's inner walls, Lacy engulfs my seven inches. I feel her throat muscles on the tip of my cock. I had no idea Lacy could 'deep throat'.

Catherine pulls back, allowing the dildo to glide up and out of Lacy before she plunges back, causing Lacy to grunt once again. Catherine takes charge with her strap-on and grabs Lacy's hips. She begins a pattern of short shallow thrusts followed by slow deep ones. Catherine's hips slap against Lacy's backside as she fucks her next door neighbor for the first time. I look up to see Catherine's tits sway back and forth with each thrust. Catherine's red nipples are hard which tells me she really enjoys this threesome. Lacy's juices cover the dildo.

Up in his second story office, Lacy's husband John, wipes the last bit of cum from his cock. The smell of semen permeates the air. John uses his computer to activate the hi-def camera and real time images appear on the screen. He uses the remote control to scan Catherine's backyard and sees three bodies on a blanket out by the far edge of the yard. As he focuses the lens, he realizes the one in the middle is his wife. A moment of shock and panic overwhelms John as he watches the scene unfold before his own eyes.

John had no clue that Lacy would engage in such lewd behavior. His eyes focus on the eight inch dildo plunging in and out of Lacy's pussy and Catherine's huge tits. He watches his wife suck on a hard dick. John recognizes the man as the same person from the video. He can't remember the last time Lacy sucked his cock. His eyes go back to Lacy and her pussy being invaded by the dildo. He watches her inner labia grab the plastic surface and stretch out each time Catherine pulls back. John realizes his wife's pussy is completely smooth and wonders when she shaved herself; he doesn't remember her being hairless. He is conflicted watching his wife in the middle of a threesome. He is shocked at Lacy's behavior, yet his cock is completely erect after having just spilled his seed and his hand is wrapped around it. John strokes his shaft and continues to watch the events unfold.

The three of us move in a continuous rhythm. My cock disappears in Lacy's throat as Catherine's fake cock disappears in her pussy. Catherine pulls back and Lacy does the same. Lacy and I are fast approaching simultaneous orgasms. Lacy grabs my balls and squeezes them as she engulfs my cock. I erupt in a mind numbing climax; my cum shoots down her throat as she presses her lips against my groin. I feel the second and third spurt of jizz travel the length of my shaft and into her mouth as she pulls up for air. Lacy opens her mouth and cum drips down onto my cock.

"God Lacy, this is incredible. What a fantastic feeling, you are the queen of blow-jobs"

Lacy is taking quick, shallow breaths after releasing my cock, trying to regain her composure. More semen drips from her open mouth after having taken my enormous load. Catherine pounds her pussy with the strap-on. Lacy's breathing intensifies as her own climax overwhelms her. Lacy shakes her head side to side, her tits sway and body convulses. Catherine holds Lacy by the hips and drives the eight inch dildo deep.

Lacy drops her head onto my chest with her ass still stuck in the air. Her pussy is filled with the hard silicone cock. Catherine remains pushed against Lacy with her hands stroking Lacy's back and ass and thighs. Catherine provides a soothing massage as Lacy returns to earth. We are in suspended animation for several moments before Catherine pulls back and withdraws the phallus from Lacy's inner folds.

Catherine moves around Lacy's prone body and drops down on her knees next to my head. She offers the cream covered dildo to me, placing the tip on my mouth. I lick the shaft and taste Lacy's cum. I clean the entire length of the dildo and suck it into my mouth, savoring Lacy's juices. I want more and ask Lacy to move up and sit on my face. Lacy suggests a 69 so we can both enjoy the fruits of our labor.

Catherine stands up, removes her strap-on and heads to the spa, "When you two are finished cleaning up, come join me in the hot tub."

Lacy and I spend the next several minutes licking and sucking our cum filled bodies. She licks up all of my jizz that dripped from her mouth and covered my cock. I drill my tongue into her sopping pussy and feast on her juices. I lap up all the nectar from deep in her recesses and suck on her clit. Lacy grinds her cunt into my face making sure I clean her completely. As she licks all of my cum, Lacy sucks my flaccid shaft between her lips. I feel a twinge but remain soft as I am completely spent for the time being.

Up on the second floor, John can not believe what he just witnessed. His lovely wife just experienced an incredible orgasm, ate another man's cum and was now locked into a 69 position. John is upset, but his own body betrays him. His cock has never been harder, or more erect. His hand is a blur as he masturbates to the scene before him. An intense feeling builds at the base of his shaft and moves up to the tip of his cock. For the second time in less than fifteen minutes an orgasm wracks his body and cum shoots ten inches into the air. His jizz covers his hand and shaft and stomach. This second climax was even more intense and forceful than the first, brought on by real time voyeurism. John slumps in his chair unable to comprehend the day's events. He shuts down his computer in confusion and disgust.

Satisfied that Lacy and I are all clean, we rise and join Catherine in the spa. The three of us lean back and luxuriate in the swirling hot water. We close our eyes and contemplate the next move under the warm late afternoon sun. I could use a little refreshment. We killed off the beers on the lounge, so I guess I need to grab some cold ones from the fridge. I head into the house and return with three more bottles. My cock and balls hang low swinging back and forth. The hot water always loosens my nuts.

Lacy leans into Catherine, "I love Rob's cock, and he promised me he would treat me to the real thing but it doesn't look like he is ready yet."

Catherine responds,"Yeah, it is a great cock and feels so good in my pussy. Did you like sucking him?"

"Oh yeah, his cum is sweet. He came so much that I couldn't hold it all in my mouth and dribbled on his shaft. No worries though, I licked and slurped it all up when we did the 69 thing. I couldn't believe how hard he was, I just wish he was that hard now."

Catherine whispered, "I know how to get him hard. Men can't resist watching two women kiss; it affects every one of them. He'll be ready for you in no time."

As I walk back to the girls, I see them talking and then they embrace and kiss. What gives, I was just gone a few minutes and now they act like I don't exist. The ladies stand up in the spa and press their tits together. I watch their lips grind against one another as they share their tongues. Catherine lowers her hand between Lacy's legs and moves it around. I can't see under water, but I'm sure she has her fingers inside her pussy. Lacy separates from Catherine and places her hands under Catherine's huge boobs lifting the round globes. It's as if she is weighing them. Lacy pinches the crimson nipples and pulls on Catherine's tits. They bounce back and shimmy. I can't get enough of her mounds. I look down and see my cock sticking straight out. If it's their intention to get me hard, they are doing a good job.
