 Many years ago, when my children were young, a friend and I were talking about the women that dropped their children off at school and how approachable they were. After all we had something in common; our kids probably sat next to each other in class. As the drinks flowed during the conversation, the opportunities this presented us, in our fantasies of course, became ruder and more explicit. A poor bored lonely house wife / mum was ripe for smooth talking and who knows where that would lead to. Of course, this was a highly risky "pick up" as all the clichés such as "don't shit on your own doorstep" and so on give testimony too. We often referred back to this conversation over the years, where the women of our fantasies started to become known as Yummy Mummies or MILF's.

Now this was and is probably still true, but times move on and eventually children take themselves to school and the opportunities diminish. However, in a more mature environment, agewise, I have found another opportunity that arises in opening conversations with women, and I can affirm that it works even better than the school gate flirt. That is the women that walk their dogs.

Having taken voluntary redundancy, I became the house husband and part of my role was walking the dog. As anyone will testify that has a dog, if you do the same walk over a period of time you get to meet the same people and engage in conversation even if it's only "hello."

This is how I got to meet Tanya. 

I started to get into a routine walking the dog; same time and route most days. One day, a particularly foul day with strong winds and rain, I approached a gate with my dog at the same time as a lady walking towards me with her Labrador.

"Hello," I said opening the gate for her, "ladies first."

"Thanks," she replied. "Terrible day, only professional dog walkers out today," she added with a smile.

"Oh yes, anyone with any sense would be tucked up indoors sitting in front of the fire with a good book and a cup of coffee!"

"True!"

With that she walked off in one direction and I went in the opposite direction.

Over the next couple of weeks I met her about every other day, exchanging no more than a polite nod, a smile and "hello." I had started to take notice of her; noticed her nice trim figure, (when it wasn't hidden in a thick coat) her stunning blue eyes and shoulder length dark blonde hair. 

I didn't see her for the next two weeks and wondered where she was. Had she moved? Was she walking the dog at a different time? Was I mad, why was I caring?

Then, on another foul day, I saw her approaching me; dressed for the weather in a long wax jacket and hat, green boots and looking every inch the experienced dog walker. Come hail or shine, the dog would be walked.

"Hello," I said as we were within a yard of each other.

"Hi, she said, "Another of the professional only days," she laughed.

"Yea, you bet."

"I have just come back from two weeks in sunny Florida," she said looking up at me. "This is a real wake up call. We only got back yesterday. Picked the dog up from the kennels last night."

"God yes, some difference in weather. Did you have a good time?"

"It was Ok. Kids just wanted to do theme parks; husband didn't want to do anything!"

"Oh, that's a shame."

"Yes, but life continues. See you!"

And with that she was off.

The next day, we met again at the gate we met on our first meeting.

"Hello, how's the jet lag?" I asked.

She smiled, "its fine thanks, thankfully something I don't suffer from!"

"That's good, it absolutely kills me," I answered. "Especially as I get older."

"Oh, you poor old man," she said smiling at me.

"I'm Tanya by the way," she said raising her hand to invite me to shake it.

"William, or Will to my friends."

"Hi Will."

"Oh God!" I exclaimed as I looked down and saw our respective dogs playing and for all intense and purposes my female dog giving hers a good licking around his dick. "They always embarrass you don't they?"

"Yes," she laughed. "But I suppose it's only nature!"

I pulled my dog away, "Come here!" I said.

"Oh, he was probably enjoying that," Tanya smiled.

"Yes, he probably was, but let's not give him too much of a good thing!"

"Spoil sport!" 

"Come on Ben," she said, "that nasty man wants to stop your fun; maybe tomorrow if we meet him he may let you have some more fun!"

"See you Will,"

And off she walked, smiling as she went.

I didn't see Tanya the next day, but I did see her the following day and it was just a quick "Hi Will," "Hello Tanya." She gave the impression she didn't want to stop and chat and had something on her mind.

The next day, she was very willing to stop and chat. We stood talking for a good 5 minutes chatting about where we lived, our dogs and lots of nothingness.

"Do you know any other walks around here?" Tanya asked. "I get bored with this one."

"I do but it involves a short car drive to get there."

"That's Ok, I don't mind. Would you show me?"

I hesitated for a second.

"Or just tell me how to get there."

"No, it's OK, we could do it together, and it would be nice to do a different walk."

"Oh, yes definitely!" she replied smiling at me.

"What about tomorrow?" I asked.

"Sorry, can't do tomorrow, my bloody husband is working from home....and...well it would easier if I didn't have to explain. I know it's just a dog walk, don't get the wrong idea Will, but you know..."

"Yes," I nodded, trying to read any signals or mixed messages Tanya was giving me.

"But the day after would be great!"

"Then let's do it!"

"The dog walk?" she smiled suggestively. 

She was definitely teasing me. "Oh, Ok then," I sighed.

We agreed to meet at the car park at 10.00 and we would drive to the other walk I had suggested.

The walk was a 30 minute drive away and was in secluded woods. We drove to the woods and the conversation flowed, as it did throughout the walk.

As we put the dogs in the boot of my 4x4 Tanya looked at my dog, and said; "now you behave yourself in the back here. Don't want my old boy to have too much fun!"

I laughed; "Now it's your turn to stop his fun!"

Before I knew it, I was dropping her and her dog off at the car park.

"Thanks Will, that was great. Such a nice change and such fun. You really are great company, and our dogs seem to enjoy each other too."

"My pleasure Tanya, I enjoyed it too. We should do it again sometime."

"Oh yes please, that would be great."

And then I screwed up. I leant forward to try and give her a chaste kiss on the cheek.

She pulled away and looked at me with horror.

"No Will. No."

"Sorry," I mumbled.

"That's Ok, but we are both married Will. Maybe this walk wasn't a good idea?"

"Sorry Tanya, I don't know what came over me. Please accept my apologies. It won't happen again."

"No it won't Will. Anyway I best be off. Thanks again."

She turned and quickly put her dog in her car and drove off.

I admonished myself for my misreading of the signals and went home.

I didn't see here for a number of days, but yet again, when I did it, was a wet and windy autumnal day.

"Hi Tanya, the professionals meet again!" I said with a forced smile.

Tanya looked at me, "Yes, and Will, I owe you an apology."

"Why?"

"I over reacted the other day. It wasn't as if you were trying to snog me!" she smiled

"No, but I was wrong. So I am still sorry."

"Ok, we are both sorry!" she laughed. "Now can we resume where we left off?"

"Being friends that walk dogs?" I asked.

"Yes."

"Ok, good with me," I said feeling much better about myself.

We quickly arranged to do another dog walk in the woods in a couple of days' time, meeting as before in the car park and driving to the woods.

The conversation was a little bit more stilted this time, Tanya seemingly deep in thought.

As we walked through the woods the clouds darkened and it was clear we would not complete the walk before heavens opened and we were going to get very wet! Thankfully we had dressed for the occasion, and as expected the rain soon started. It was so heavy we decided to take refuge within the depths of the wood hoping the worst of the weather would pass.

We sat down on a trunk and looked as our dogs ran around oblivious to the weather.

Our silence was broken by Tanya: "Will, why did you try and kiss me?"

"Well," I hesitated. "I so enjoyed your company on the walk, and thought we had gone beyond a handshake and thought a platonic kiss would be Ok."

After a while Tanya said. "I see. It's just that I was a bit shocked. I kiss my dad like that, I kiss my brother like that, but I don't think I have ever kissed another man like that for years."

"I see," was all I could think of saying.

"You must have been hurt?"

"I was a bit if I'm honest," I replied quietly.

"Sorry."

"No stop it Tanya, we have done all that."

"But I am, I didn't want to hurt your feelings."

"Well that's in the past, so let's forget it. Ok?"

"Ok!" she said smiling at me. "And thanks!"

"What for?"

"Liking me enough to want to kiss me. Not many people like me enough to want to kiss me. My kids just want me to cook and clean for them, my husband, well I don't know what he wants from me anymore. Probably the same. Cook for him, keep the house clean and be a trophy wife. Oh shit! Sorry Will, I am having a bad day."

"That's Ok, anything I can do?" I asked.

"No, but thanks. Meeting you for the dog walk has become the highlight of my day, and I thought I had blown it by my stupid reaction to an innocent gesture," Tanya continued.

She then started to gently cry. "I am sorry," she said trying to stop crying.

Impulsively I moved nearer her and put an arm around her and pulled her towards me. There was no resistance and she buried her head in my shoulder as she continued to sob. I looked at our dogs playing as she sat crying, almost uncontrollably now, with my arm around her, in the depths of a rain lashed wood. What a weird set of circumstances.

I felt her stiffen and pull her head away from my shoulder. I took my arm away from her. Wiping her eyes she said with a weak smile: "Well that was my silly moment of the day!"

I smiled. "That's Ok, we all have them."

"Well thanks for the shoulder, thankfully it was already wet before I added my contribution," she laughed.

"I think we ought to be going, the weather doesn't seem to be getting any better or worse and we can' stay here all day," I said standing up.

"That's a shame, it's so peaceful here," she said wistfully. "It's a shame it's heading to winter as we could have brought along a picnic and a bottle of wine and made an afternoon of it."

"That's true. Doesn't feel the same when we are in wax jackets and wellies as against shorts and tee shirts does it?"

As Tanya stood up she leant across and kissed me on the cheek. "Thanks Will, and I won't say sorry for the other day, but I am. Forgiven?"

"Of course you are you daft fool, on one condition."

"What's that?" she enquired

"This", as I leant forward and kissed her on the cheek.

Standing back, I smiled. "Ok?"

"Sort of, I was hoping for a proper kiss actually," she said quietly looking embarrassed and casting her eyes down at the ground.

"Oh," was the best I could muster.

With that she stepped towards me, threw her arms around me and kissed me on the lips. She opened her mouth and we were soon in the throes of a passionate kiss. Our tongues duelling as we moaned into each other's mouths, holding each other tightly as we were lost in each other's kiss.

I don't know how long we kissed, I do know it was most pleasurable and how very nice it was, but it was interrupted by the two things that brought us together; our dogs. They clearly saw they were no longer the centre of attention and their barking broke the spell. We broke off our embrace and laughed embarrassingly as we gathered our thoughts. We also soon saw what the dogs were barking at, not at us, but at another dog as a dog walker was seen on a distance path.

"Nearly caught in the act Will!" Tanya said with a smile.

"Yes, like two young lovers!"

"Come on; take me home Will, before we get caught or do something stupid."

We walked back towards the car and as we approached the car, Tanya held my hand and stopped. "I really enjoyed that kiss Will."

"So did I," I said as I pulled her into my arms and tried to kiss her again. 

Just as she started to respond to my probing tongue we heard the tell-tale sign of a car approach as the sound of tyres splashing through the puddles broke the moment.

"We are destined to get interrupted!" I sighed as we broke apart.

"Probably just as well Will, God knows where or what we'd end up doing. And to think I was upset with you for a chaste kiss on the cheek!"

The dogs were soon in the car and we threw our coats on the back seat and drove home. 

As we approached Tanya's car she sighed; "Will, I would love to invite you back for a coffee and to dry off but I have a feeling we both know what will happen. I have to be honest, as much as I loved the kissing and the feeling of being wanted, I am not sure I am able or ready to go to where we both know things could lead."

"I understand, maybe we should cool things off?"

"Do you want that?"

"No, but we are getting into dangerous territory. We are both married."

"I know, that's my point," Tanya said softly touching my arm.

"What do you want?" I asked as I stopped my car next to hers and turned the engine off.

"Oh God!" she sighed. "I don't know. "Part of me wants to go home on my own, cry my eyes out and then never see you again. Another part of me wants to take you home and go to bed with you and damn the consequences. Yet another says we are two mature people and could risk messing up two families and if we were to, you know, have an affair, we should think long and hard about it before we do anything we may regret."

"What I do know," I said as I found and held her hand "is that I don't want to not see you again. Even if it is just to say hello and know that we shouldn't and won't take things any further."

"Ok, lets both think about this Will, see you tomorrow?"

"You bet, wood walk?"

"Done!" she replied as she leant across and gave me a quick kiss on the lips.

The next day was totally different to the previous day weather wise and we walked in idyllic autumnal sum. The drive and walk was much quieter than normal, save that when we walked through the woods we instinctively held hands as though it was the most normal thing in the world to do.

We approached the part of the walk where we dived for cover the previous day and sat on our upturned tree.

"So what decision have you made?" Tanya asked.

"Well," I sighed, "Can I tell you a secret that only one other person on this planet knows?"

"Go on, I am intrigued."

"Many years ago," I said, "I had an affair. Both of us knew that I would never leave my wife and she wouldn't leave her kids or husband. So from that point of view there was honesty from the outset."

"Go on."

"Well, after about a year, things kind of drew to a natural conclusion, but we did see each other a couple of years ago. Not to re kindle the affair, but just a dinner and both of us agreed that we had no regrets about our affair and our relationships with our spouse had actually improved."

"Interesting Will, so what do you think about us?"

"Well I think that I know we both know that if we keep seeing each other we will end up having an affair, but if we know that that will be a separate part of our lives and that we will not leave our spouses for each other we should be able to be mature about it."

"Wow, that's a lot to take on board Will."

"What was your decision Tanya?"

"To go to bed with you and to hell with the consequences!" she laughed.

"And this from the lady that wouldn't accept a kiss on the cheek?" I said smiling.

"Stop it!" she said flinging her arms around me and kissing me hard on the lips.

I responded and just as we had yesterday we were soon engrossed in a deep and passionate kiss, our tongues battling each other as we moaned our appreciation of each other.

We held each other tight and I felt her hands caress my back as we continued our kiss, lost in each other.

We broke the kiss to regain our breath as we held each other tight.

"We can't continue here Will!" Tanya said quietly.

"I know but I can't stand up at the moment!"

"Are you saying what I think your saying?" 

"What do you think?"

With that Tanya let go of our hug and moved away a bit and looked down at my crutch, my excitement clear to be seen by the bulge in my jeans. 

"Is this the time to say 'is that a truncheon in your pocket or are you pleased to see me'?" she said as she slowly moved her hand down and towards the bulge.

"Be careful!" I said as I felt her gently rub me through my jeans.

Looking around her, I then saw her search and find my zip. She looked at me as she slowly and carefully lowered the zip, before gently putting her hand inside and found what she was looking for. I jumped as I felt her cold but soft hand touch my hard dick.

"You are pleased to see me," she said as she tried within the confines of my jeans and boxers to stroke me. "Now if we were to lower these jeans we could maybe really have some fun Will."

"But what if we get caught!"

"We will look like two lovers having a cuddle, I am not saying we strip off, it's too cold anyway!"

Tanya was clearly taking the lead as she removed her hand and went to undo my belt and the clasp at the top of my jeans. "Just lower them a bit."

I did as she asked and then she came and put one arm around me and started to passionately kiss me as the other hand found my dick again. Without the jeans stopping her having free access she gently stroked its length, pulled the foreskin back to expose the head and rubbed a finger across it as she felt the wetness of my pre cum. The kiss got even more passionate as I held her tighter as her stroking of my dick made it harder and harder and I knew that I would not be able to last long.

I broke off the kiss, "Tanya, I won't last long!"

"I know, good!" was all she said as she resumed her kissing and stroking,

"Oh god!" I moaned as I felt the tingling start deep in my balls.

We held each other tighter as she stroked harder and faster and brought me off to the inevitable conclusion, expertly pulling away as I came to make sure I didn't get any cum on her as spurt after spurt of my hot spunk shot into the air between us.

"Ok?" she said as she carefully put my softening dick back inside my boxers.

"More than ok!" I sighed as I pulled up my jeans. 

"My turn now," I said as I pulled her towards me, kissing her hard on the lips as I probed her mouth with my tongue.

She broke the kiss, laughed and said; "I am more than ready, but here?"

"Well if it was good enough for me, why not you?"

"I know Will, but it's getting colder now, maybe we could use the car?"

"Ok" I laughed, "and look at them," I said pointing at the dogs sitting peacefully looking at us.

We got to the car and moved it away from the general car park to a secluded spot where we would hopefully not be interrupted.

We were soon kissing with the seats reclined and I was enjoying the feeling of my hands roaming over her clothes and feeling the passion in her kiss change as I concentrated on her breasts. I started to put my hand under her sweatshirt and then under her bra and felt her firm breast within the palm of my hand. We continued to kiss as I played with her hardening nipples.

I broke the kiss as I raised her sweatshirt and started to kiss and lick and bite her nipples. I let my hand drift down and over her stomach towards the claps and zip of her jeans. She helped me lower them and then urged me to explore lower as she opened her legs as much as she could with her jeans still on and the confines of the car.
