 "Big Tits, Big Dicks and Fantasy Fucking"

(o )( o)    (o )( o)    (o )( o)    (o )( o)    (o )( o) 

Author's Note:

Recently I got some feedback from a fan. This person enjoyed my work, they wrote, but found that sometimes it seemed unrealistic. Despite the tag at the top of each story they were wondering if I wouldn't do better if I was to write in a more realistic way. 

"Big Tits, Big Dicks and Fantasy Fucking" is what it says at the top of the story. It's what I enjoy reading about. It's what I enjoy writing about. But it occurred to me that maybe I had gotten away from it recently. So I am trying harder for this, the final chapter of this series.

So, buckle up, readers! It's may be a bumpy flight! Please put your trays in the upright and locked position. If it gets too much for you, put your head between your knees and kiss your ass goodbye!

*****

Friday.

Alison didn't come to school on Friday. But just before the final bell rang I got a text from her telling me to come to her house as soon as school ended. She said she had a surprise for me! 

After what I had experienced that week, first having her Mom, Carla, come on to me and fuck my brains out. And then watching her Mom show off her amazing body while standing in the same room with my girlfriend. And then, just yesterday, the experience I had with Monica, Alison's even more sexually driven Grandmother and her amazingly gigantic breasts, I could not imagine what the surprise might be. 

But I was looking forward to finding out as I rang the door bell.

A few seconds later Carla opened the door and pulled me in. Without letting me catch my breath she slithered into my arms and pulled me to her. As I enjoyed the feeling of her body moulding to mine her lips pressed against mine and she gave me a deep, soul searching kiss. 

As she moaned in appreciation, her tongue explored my mouth, her breasts flexed against me as she moved against me and her hand, the one that wasn't pulling my head down to her mouth, explored the rapidly growing cock in my pants. 

In moments she had me at full strength. She giggled as she pulled away from me.

"You are going to so enjoy today! Everything is going to be explained to you and I promise it will be a life changing experience for you, honey!"

"Okay, sure, Carla," I stammer trying not to let my confusion show. "I'm looking forward to it!"

We went into the living room and sat down. 

"I have to explain some things while Mom is helping Alison get ready," she began. "You see, my family is among the very last of an ancient line of worshipers of a God so ancient that even we have forgotten her name!" She said this with a straight face. I worked hard not to laugh out loud! An ancient God whose name we have forgotten? Who says things like that? Who believes things like that?

"Alison thought that you would make a good candidate for her initiation ritual when she first met you. Mom and I think so too, now that you've finished your auditions." She smirked at my stupid expression. "I expect that you don't believe me. That's okay. If you want to leave now, go ahead. But if you want to experience the sexual event of your lifetime, stick around. We don't need you to believe us. We just need you to go through the ritual with Alison this afternoon! Um, yes, it's a sexual ritual!" she finished and just watched for my reaction. 

My reaction was 'What a bunch of horse shit!' But I hope I kept that hidden from Carla. I mean, if it meant having sex, at last, with Alison, I'd go thru the fires of Hell for that!

"So, what will it be? Are you in?" She asked.

"Yes, I'm in!" I responded. "I'm in!"

"Okay, lets start to get you ready. Monica will be joining us in a few minutes."

Carla led me into the downstairs bathroom, had me undress and made me take a shower. She declined to join me in the shower. 

Just as I was finishing drying off the door opened. I looked up and watched as Monica's breasts entered the room followed by the rest of her several seconds later. 

"How are we doing," she asked Carla. "Are we on time?"

"Yeah, even a little ahead of schedule. Do we have time to take some of the edge off? The longer he lasts the better you know!"

"Well, since you have already started," she indicated the way Carla was stroking my steel hard dick, "I guess it won't hurt. Do you want to go first?" she asked with a twinkle in her eyes. "Cause I'll go second!"

"Okay, honey, here we go. I need you to fuck my hot ready cunt! The longer the process takes with Alison the better the results of the ritual." Carla hiked herself up on the vanity. Carla was still stroking my hard on while her other hand was teasing her clit. She pulled me to her and wrapped her legs around me while she drew my prick to her pussy lips. 

With no trouble I drove inches deep into her hot, wet cunt. 

"Oh, oh, oh! I love it! So big! So thick! Alison is going to be one lucky girl today! More, Darling, more! Feed me it all!" 

With her encouragement I proceeded to fuck hell out of her sopping wet cunt. She was flexing around my dick and trying to pull me even deeper into her with both hands and her legs. At the same time Monica nestled up to my side. Her boobs smooshed against me. So large they draped to front and back! As I worked away at her daughter's cunt she pulled my head to her for a hot tongue-dueling kiss.

With both women working me over it didn't take too long before I started to shoot my cum deep into Carla's pussy. Within a few shots I was over-filling her cunt and my juices were dripping onto the floor between us.

Seeing what was happening, Monica moaned with excitement and dropped to her knees. She began to suck up all the overflow. Her tongue swept out to gather up what was dripping from my ball sack and then she began to try to get her mouth onto her daughters pussy lips. 

I staggered back, trying to recover from the hardest cum I had ever experienced. While I caught my breath Carla and Monica cleaned each other by licking my cum off of each other. 

"That was great, honey," said Monica. "Now, you go sit in the living room until we come to get you, okay?" Not waiting for my agreement the ladies left and headed upstairs. I could hear them giggling and chattering as they left.

I sat, naked, on the couch for a few minutes until they both returned. Each was now adorned with feathers that formed a short skirt and a vest that barely covered their nipples and exposed their massive cleavage. Held together with ties I could see their boobs flex and bounce as the came into the room.

"Alright," chirped Monica, "It's almost that time. Come with us!" 

With a busty beauty on either side of me, we went out into the back yard. There was a tent set up there that I had never seen before. Drawing back the flaps they escorted me to a large upholstered chair that was at one end of the rectangular area. 

Motioning for me to take a seat Carla said, "Just a few more moments, darling. We're going to get Alison."

As promised they were back quickly. Between them was Alison, looking radiant, wearing the same sort of get-up as the older women. Since she was significantly smaller in the bust than they were her vest actually fit her. As she stepped in front of me her Mom spoke up.

"Alright, now, Alison, you know what needs to be done. We have been rehearsing this for months. DIrk, all you need to do is sit there and enjoy what's about to happen. Alison is going to provide you with an amazing experience!"  "But first," interrupted Monica, "we get to apply the sacred ointment." From a pair of earthenware jars I hadn't noticed the older women took handfuls of some sort of pungent oil and began to spread it over my thighs, groin and stomach. They took turns spreading the warm oil over my dick which, of course, became rock solid under the attention.

"Oh, DIrk, I've looked forward to this so long! I hope I do a good job! I really want this to go well!" Alison told me.

"Alright honey, it's all up to you now," said Monica. As she did Carla pressed play on a boom box that was shoved under the chair. A pulsing beat softly filled the area as Alison knelt between my knees. 

She smiled timidly up at me as she gently pressed my knees apart.

"Golly, your cock is SO big," she gushed. "I've really wanted to do this for so long and now I get to!" Both hands slowly started to run up and down my dick. It was already hard as a rock. She began to squeeze harder while she moved faster and faster. Her grip hardly made an impression on my thickness, but it felt really good!

After a few minutes Alison leaned forward and gently kissed my hard-on. Glancing up into my face she smiled broadly.

"I love this big dick," she told me. And then she began to run her plush lips up and down my shaft. As she reached to top she would allow her lips to slide over my dick head. Slurping up the precum that was oozing from slit she gulped down all she could get.

"Ohhh, so good," she moaned with out looking up. Virgin or not, she was enjoying what she was doing. So was I!

She grinned up at me as she straightened up. Sliding a little closer to me she enfolded my dick in her cleavage. Not as cavernous as her Mom or Grandma, still she was able to close herself around me so that her nipples rubbed against each other as she rose and fell.

"Does this feel good?" she asked with a grin. She knew the answer! It felt great! I had learned to appreciate titty-fucks from the other two. And while Alison wasn't as practiced as they were, she was pretty good! She just needed to have a bigger set of tits! I chuckled to my self. As if!

Smirking up at me Alison proceeded to demonstrate that while she might not be as well versed at titty-fucking she was enthusiastic and learning quickly. With in a few minutes she had me on the verge of a monster cum!

"All over me, Dirk," she squealed as she pulled me from between het tits. "I want you to cum all over me! The more you cum, the better. Splash on my tits and my face, let me swallow what's left, honey!"

As if on cue my dick erupted as she stroked. Three huge gouts landed on her chest. Another two landed on her face before she was able to get the head of my dick between her sucking lips. Gasps of pleasure were coming from her as she swallowed the rest of my load.

"Oh, that was so good!" she exclaimed. "I loved the look on your face as I massaged your big dick with my titties. And I really enjoy the taste or your sperm!" She was smiling and giggling as she stroked my still stiff cock. It didn't seem like I was going to get soft. Probably because of the special oils that they had slathered all over my dick a few minutes ago.

"Okay," announced Carla. "Time for the next step! Climb on board, Alison. Let's see you ride that big hard dick!" Both Carla and Monica were ogling the two of us on the chair. Monica had one hand under her skirt with the other massaging a gigantic melon.

As Alison slid onto me and positioned my dick at the opening of her cunt the other two ladies pulled on drapery cords, opening up the roof of the tent. As Alison bravely tried to press herself down onto my foot long, rock hard dick the afternoon sun bathed us in it's warming rays. 

Falling up and down, Alison was making slow but steady progress. As she did her handmaidens pushed tall poles with some sort of glass panes mounted on them into view. Carefully they positioned the poles so that the sunlight was passed thru them and onto our joined bodies.

As Alison finally reached almost to the bottom of my cock I felt a strong tingling flow over me. Something about the filtered sunlight was affecting me!

"Now Mommie, now Grams!" panted Alison. She was pounding her self up and down, breasts swinging over my chest. "Do it now! Please, slather me with the lotion!"

Both women approached and using both hands began to cover Alison's breasts with the lotion. At almost the same time they put another layer on my balls and what was reachable of my dick when Alison was at the top of her stroke.

The tingling doubled, tripled and quadrupled in strength. Alison was moaning and crying. Tears were rolling down her cheeks to fall onto my chest as she kept pushing herself up and down. I thought she was in pain until she cried out. "Good! So good! I've never felt anything so good! I'm cumming now!"

And she did! I have never seen a woman react so strongly! She was convulsing on top of me. Her hands pulling and squeezing her tits while her cunt went crazy on my dick! Her hips were going like a berserk paint shaker as she rode all of me!

I thought that I was on the verge of an intense orgasm myself, but I couldn't cum. No matter how she writhed and wiggled I could not get over the edge. Something was holding me back.

After what seemed like an extremely long time Alison finally slumped forward, her breasts resting on my chest. Her lips sought mine for a soul wrenching kiss and she moaned into my mouth as she pressed herself against me. As she moved against me I could feel her tits mashing them selfs on my chest. It felt so good, her erect nipples scraping against me. I could feel her heartbeat as we rested together.

She heaved her self up finally. 

"More, Mommie, more Grandma. Put on more. I want to see how much I can take!" She was running her hands over her boobs as she spoke. Were they larger than before? She had always been a Double D. But now she seemed larger than that. 

Alison was sitting on my thighs, using both hands to stroke my steel-like hard on. Carla and Monica were again spreading the oils over her bosom. In turn she was wiping some of it off her tits and transferring it to my dick.

Finally waving them off, Alison leaned forward and began to suck my dick. She slurped up all the co-mingled juices for our recent fuck session and then she began to run her lips up and down the length of my shaft. After kissing and licking each inch she pursed her lips and began to take me into her mouth. 

Slowly she took more and more. Her breath became heavier. She was gasping each time she raised herself off me. Stroking my dick she licked her lips and looked me in the eye. 

"I've been looking forward to taking this big dick down my throat for as long as I can remember. I wish I hadn't had to wait."

Returning to her pleasurable task she began taking more and more into her mouth. And then into her throat. I watched in amazement as she swallowed more and more of my foot long hard on. Finally, in one amazing effort she took it all! Her lips were pressed against my groin and every bit of my dick was in the warmth of her mouth and throat! 

I couldn't believe it! Alison had been a virgin, technically anyway, until just a short time ago. And here she was taking a rock hard, foot long dick into her throat like a pro! She was now rising and falling in long strokes taking all of me on each trip. No muss, no fuss. Just an amazing blow job!

This was going to do it, I thought. I was finally going to get off! 

As if sensing what I was feeling, Alison yanked my dick out of her throat and mashed it between her titties. "Cum on my titties!" she cried. "I need to feel you cum between my big fat titties!"

So I did! While Alison rose and fell with my cock trapped between her tits I let out spurt after spurt of jism! I felt at least eight spasms wrack me before I stopped. Not a drop escaped her cleavage. As we slowed together Alison cooed endearments to my prong which was, amazingly, still erect!

Grinning salaciously at me she rose again and fitted me into her tight little pussy. Her boobs rose and fell in rhythm as she worked on my dick. They did seem bigger! There was extra bounce at the bottom of their movement and they seemed to reach farther in front of her as well. Reaching up I confirmed my observation. I had handled her tits often enough. Never naked, true, but still. These tits were wider and bigger than what she had been packing. What was going on, I wondered. She had to be an F-cup at least I thought. Not nearly as big as her Mom but bigger than earlier today!

"Oh, Mommie, It's working, I'm larger! Look!" Alison was ecstatic!

"Give me more, Mommie, give me more!" 

As prompted Carla and Monica drenched her with more of the oils and, in the process added more to my cock and balls.

The tingle grew and grew. I could see what was happening to Alison. And it was amazing! Her breasts were slowly expanding. Gaining inches and pounds as I stared. It wasn't just her tits that were getting large. Her lips were plumper, her waist a little narrower while her back grew more muscular to support the immensities that now overwhelmed her body.

It was only then that I started to notice the things that were happening to me. My skin was becoming darker. As if I had spent days in a tanning bed. And muscular. I was becoming the very image of a steroid-ripped weight lifter. Except with out the testicular shrinkage that happened so often.

In fact, my cock and balls were expanding. Exponentially. Over the next ten minutes or so my cock became capable of driving over 15 inches deep into Alison's sopping wet cunt. Rather than causing her pain or discomfort she seemed to revel in the added depth that I was plumbing. 

I was not just getting longer. I was gaining width as well. On her up stroke the dick that was exposed was thicker than should have been possible! No longer the thickness that would allow her to stroke me with both hands, my dick was now the apparent thickness of a two liter bottle of soda! It shouldn't have been able to fit into any woman. Alison was taking it and enjoying every stroke. 

Suddenly I felt myself erupting deep in Alison's greedy, clutching cunt. Time after time I thrust my hips up, burying my self as deep into her as I could. Alison dropped her weight onto me. Thrusting herself left and right, forward and back she encouraged me to dump my load. And then she leaned forward to deliver a soul stirring kiss.

"Cum for me," she moaned. "I need more cum. Soak me in your sperm, baby! Don't stop!'

And I didn't. I didn't even start to soften as I finished spurting into her. My dick was still as hard as ever and we just kept on fucking.

Over the next several hours Alison and I fucked in every imaginable position. Mostly with her on top. And toward the end I was buried in her tits no matter what the position was. From below, all I could see was the underside of Alison's boobs. Boobs that surpassed Carla's and Monica's super tits. Boobs that completely obscured her chest and stomach to below her navel. And that hung well outside the width of her shoulders and hips. On the down stroke her boobs would often bounce off the mattress to either side of me.

Every time she slid up and off me her cunt was a gaping chasm. But it returned to it's original size and shape quickly. And when she remounted, she was able to do so with little effort. Her cunt seemed to stretch to accommodate my pussy pounder. Still so thick as to defy imagination, Alison loved every moment she spent riding my colossal dick. She was cumming like a machine gun. And always eager for more. She was inexhaustible! So was I!

At last she pulled herself off me and settled next to me on the bed. My erect dick thumped onto my chest, juices splattering every where. The head barely missed landing on my face. Carla and Monica moved in to lick up all that they could reach. Neither of them was able to even begin to suck my cock. It was too thick for them to take the head between their lips. They tried though! They really tried! 

"I've got to see how big this thing is," moaned Carla. She got up and quickly returned with a tape measurer. Working with Monica she measured the length and circumference.

"Fucking FUCK" she exclaimed. "Almost 15 inches around and just over 22 inches long! Alison, how did you manage to take all of this!"
