 Her umbrella was in the car. Shaking her head, Jayne just stared at the steady rain through her office window. It danced on the brick almost taunting her. She had to leave eventually and knew that the rain had no intention of stopping. She didn't even have her jacket. She couldn't even ask anyone else to borrow an umbrella as she was one of the last people to leave and she knew no one left. 

It was the equivalent to three blocks to the parking deck where she kept her car and she'd just be a wet rag by the time she got there. It's not like she could make a run for it in the heels and form-fitting suit she was wearing. 

Jayne took the elevator down to the entrance and looked again through the glass. Oh well, c'est la vie. Opening the door she could now smell the warm summer rain and it filled her senses. What happened to the days she used to choose to walk in the rain? 

She started down the path and felt the rain on her head, face, and suit. After only walking a few feet, she found herself under an umbrella and next to a tall, well-built man who just looked at her and smiled. His smile was engaging, his eyes grass- green stood out against his dark complexion, black mustache and black hair. 

"Why, thank you!" Jayne said to him. "You just came to my rescue."

He just smiled and nodded a silent "You're welcome," and they continued to walk. 

"I'm parked in the old parking deck on 31st," Jayne said after the silence was getting a bit uncomfortable for her.

Again he nodded and smiled and held the umbrella keeping her from getting rained on. His presence was overwhelming her. They walked some more. Jayne was so much shorter than he was that she knew that he was deliberately taking shorter steps to not rush her. They came to a huge puddle and stopped. Jayne looked around for a place to walk that didn't have so much water. She knew that she'd get her heels soaked and ruined in this puddle. 

Somehow, before she knew what was happening, she was lifted up off the ground and in the strongest arms she's ever known. She was short -- but not little with about twenty extra pounds and he lifted her without any hesitation. After the first few seconds of shock wore off, his scent overwhelmed her. He smelled like the rain and clean, strong male, so natural, almost woodsy. This was not cologne she smelled, but pure male. Her reaction to his strength and scent was powerful. She felt the lava flowing throughout her body. 

Locking eyes and holding on tightly she heard him talk for the first time. "You might want to close your mouth, Red, before you catch some flies," he winked at her.

Jayne closed her mouth. His voice was deep, resonating in to her brain. He spoke slowly, with a slight drawl, and looked deep in to her eyes. He walked through the puddle and got them to shelter from the now drenching rain pouring down harder. The shelter was a small office building between her office building and the parking lot. He put her down slowly and she attempted straightening her form-fitting suit. She was frazzled and needed to put herself together. This man had a powerful effect on her senses. 

"I didn't want to put you down, Red. You felt good." God, his eyes and his words were both penetrating her. He stood close to her, invading her space, heating her. 

She looked up in to her reflection in his eyes and saw her own lust -- she can only imagine what he saw. He was looking in to her soul. She knew her eyes always gave her emotions and thoughts away. 

"Thank you ..uh... for your kindness walking with me keeping me from getting drenched....uh.... I really must be off though, I... uh... have to get home," she stammered out. She moved to walk away.

His arm stopped her from running away. "But I didn't keep you from getting drenched, did I, Red?" His meaning was clear and, dammit, he was right. Jayne was quivering and very wet. His voice was the perfect sound for her auditory brain. He kept her right on edge and uncomfortable. She would have an appointment with her favorite toy when she got home.

He put his hands in her dark red curly hair. She didn't object. "Softer than it appears," he whispered, as his face got closer. She swallowed hard, searching for moisture in her mouth. His fingers left her hair and slowly made it downwards slowly tracing her jaw line down her neck. Her visible reaction made him bolder. His finger moved down touching the wet silk material of her suit. Her blue eyes darkened in to his green stare. 

"You like what I'm doing." It wasn't a question. He knew. "You're thinking... 'I don't know this man, why am I so attracted to him? Why do I want him so badly? Can he give me what I want?' Aren't you, Red?" 

She couldn't answer; he seemed to know what was in her soul. He was reaching her through her mind and her body was betraying her again because of it. His finger kept tracing the lines of her suit. His gaze never left hers. He talked of his want through his stare and her body understood the language. She couldn't remember the last time, if ever, she was this aroused by anyone. 

He broke the gaze and opened the door to the building, guiding her in to the lobby with his large hands on her back. He led her through the lobby to the right in to a conference room. He walked as if he owned the building and that just aroused her more. 

She was thinking it would be a good idea to leave... to just make a run for it. At that point, he turned around to her and she was against the conference room table. His face not quite 3 inches away from hers. "You want to leave, Red?"

She realized then that she didn't want to leave that green gaze and that deep voice. Her body was on fire. "You don't want to leave, do you?" He moved his head down so close to her lips, but instead of resting there, he went lower and behind and gently, oh so gently, kissed her neck. Her body went in to overdrive. Never so quickly and so powerfully with just one kiss did her body react this strongly. The shiver up her spine was visible and he smiled. His warm smile, more of a smirk, disarmed her. 

She was leaning back in to the conference room table and he moved back and sat down in one of the chairs. She moved to do the same thing and he used his large hands to keep her upright. "Undo your blazer, Red." Had she been thinking straight, she would have realized that this was the big decision -- do it and do it all -- or don't do it and end it. But his hands on her hips and green gaze in her eyes made her want with a ferocity she'd never known. She unbuttoned the pearl buttons of the top of her suit. She gazed in to his eyes watching her expose her flesh. She warmed all over when she saw appreciation in his gaze. 

Always having a weakness for nice lingerie that gave her internal confidence, she was wearing a pale lime green lace bra and thong set that day. She slowly finished unbuttoning and ever so gently nuzzled his mouth in between her breasts. He lifted his head and said, "Now your skirt." His voice was commanding even when soft. She reached behind her and unbuttoned and unzipped her skirt and shimmied out of it letting it fall to the floor revealing her cream thigh highs. He removed her unbuttoned jacked and then lifted her up on the table with his large hands. 

Using his index finger he traced her nipples through the lace and felt her nipples harden under his touch. She couldn't keep her eyes off of what he was doing. He was fully dressed, calm and completely seducing her. His finger outlined her bra where it met her skin under her very full breasts. Moving his fingers over her tummy he outlined her thong gently grazing her very wet pussy. "You're all wet, Red. Your body is so good to you, isn't it? It's on fire. I feel your trembles with each touch."

It was true -- she was like an inferno. She ached so badly. Will this man relieve this ache? He seemed in no rush at all. His fingers outlined the tops of her thigh highs making her quiver. He spread her legs as his fingers explored each inch of her skin. He was slow, he was thorough. He didn't rush and her ache was palpable. She NEEDED release. She never let this ache last this long. 

He didn't touch her 'there'. Talking and murmuring to her about her skin and her reactions drove her further and further to that edge. Just when she felt the build with his words and fingers roaming her skin was too much to bear, he stopped letting her 'come down'. He was torturing her. More words.... More touching... and now... Now he moved his lips over her breasts. 

"MMMMMMMMmmmmmmmmmmm" her moan slipped out as he sucked her nipple through the lace. Again that build was present. Again he stopped. "Pleaseeeeeeee, do not stop, please!" 

"I'm not stopping, Red, you're just not ready yet," he said as he smiled a knowing smile. 

"But I ammmmmmmmm! Really I am... please!" She begged him.

"Show me how ready you are. Spread your legs and touch yourself for me -- let me see you touch yourself." He stepped back and sat down in one of the chairs. 

She didn't know what to do -- no one ever watched her play before. She knew how to masturbate -- she did it daily, sometimes even more than once. But she always had her privacy. It was a stare down. 

"You won't get relief, Red, if you don't show me. That I can promise you." He saw her hesitation. "C'mon, I know you want to touch. Think of my hands," he showed her his hands. 

She spread her legs a bit further and moved her fingers underneath her thong. "Remove it." He commanded. She inched out of it. "Your bra too." God, that voice -- what it did to her. 

Sitting on the table with nothing but her thigh highs on she took her breasts in her hands and bent her head down and nuzzled them. She tweaked her nipples and visibly reacted to the instant reaction that her sensitive nipples gave her. She lifted her right breast and took her nipple in her mouth and gently sucked and licked, moaning her pleasure. 

"Verrrry nice." He sat there so calmly but she noticed that his arousal was present in his pants. "More, you know you want to. You want to show me how wet you are."

She spread her legs some more and gently touched the outer lips then her clit. She flinched at the sensitivity; it was already wet and hard. "Yes, right there, Red, that's where you need attention."

She made little circles around her clit and moaned her pleasure. "Make @ signs." She did. "Stroke it up and down now." Again she obeyed. The build was raging inside her. Never had she waited this long from the start of arousal to orgasm. "Stick a finger inside now." She did so. "With your other hand, make circles." Following each direction was sending the lust to new levels. She was on the highest edge of her life. She switched hands so she can circle with her right so she can cum, but he stopped her. "No -- use the same hands you were."

Did he realize that she couldn't cum with her left hand? She was dying -- maybe this time she could. Yes, she was sure she could. She had a finger inside and another on her clit and felt that wonderful build. 

"Take your finger out and suck it," he said. She looked up at him shocked -- she was almost there. And again -- no one ever saw her do these things. She sucked her finger. "Put it back -- this time two fingers." She obeyed again.

"Pleaseeeeeeeeeee!!!" 

"Pull it out again!" She couldn't -- she was soooo close. "NOW!" 

She took it out defeated again. This time he inched forward and took her finger in her mouth. He took her other finger and put it back on her clit and nodded giving her the permission she needed. Closer and closer.... She desperately needed this release. 

He removed her finger from his mouth and said, "Now, Red... now show me how you cum!" And she put her fingers back where they were home. He put his hands on her thighs and watched her as she moved her fingers expertly bringing her to the most powerful orgasm she ever had on her own. 

She almost didn't hear the sigh of the man at the entrance of the room.