 It was the holidays and my recently married friends Matt and Diana were flying into the east coast for a week. I was looking forward to hanging out with them because it's been a long time since the three of us have done so. Plus I wanted my girlfriend Jenn to get to know them better.

The first weekend however, Diana had planned on spending with our friend Leslie, just the two of them. So Friday night, I found myself at the bar with Matt. Jenn came by after work and started drinking with us. After a short time, we were having a blast together, laughing and sharing stories. Somehow, the topic got onto funny sex anecdotes and Jenn and I had a couple good ones to share. We soon found out that Matt had a few also, which quickly got Jenn and I excited as we have fantasized about our friends quite often. The more stories we swapped the more animated Jenn became, touching Matt lightly and playing with him. Matt even demonstrated a few scenes on Jenn briefly. I soon had to excuse myself to go to the bathroom and try and piss away my hard on.

When I returned Matt and Jenn were sitting very close together and talking quietly. When Jenn went to the bathroom, Matt complimented me on her and our relationship. He thought it was very exciting to swing like we did and have an open relationship. I told him it was exciting but frustrating sometimes as it was difficult to find willing playmates. I accidentally let it slip how this dilemma leads us to fantasizing about our friends and sometimes those even closer to us when we get kinkier. Matt bluntly asked me if we ever fantasize about him and his wife and I gave him the honest answer that we yell their names when we are fucking sometimes. Matt was speechless at first, but then just smiled and we went back to hanging out.

Jenn returned from the bathroom and said she wanted to go back to our house by the beach to smoke pot. So I paid the bill and we were off. When we got home, Jenn packed the bowl and we passed it around a few times, soon feeling no pain. I went to the fridge to get us some cold beers but soon returned very disappointed. We were out of beer so I volunteered to run to the store and get some. I bundled up and headed out.

I was out for about 30 minutes finding beer and running a few other errands. I pulled back into the driveway and retrieved my goodies from the trunk. When I opened the front door and entered the living room, my mouth fell open and I almost dropped the beer. Jenn and Matt were furiously making out on the couch with their hands all over each other. I looked closer and saw Matt's cock sticking out of his fly with Jenn's hand slowly stroking it. I was pleasantly surprised to see the monster she discovered. My friend's cock was a good 9 inches and throbbing. It was as thick as Jenn's wrist and I could also see a hint of his heavy balls protruding slightly. Needless to say, I was anxious to see more.

I made my way to the kitchen to drop off the beer, when I heard Jenn starting to moan. I grabbed a few beers and went into the living room. Jenn was now propped up on all fours, her beautiful ass in full view. Jenn was bobbing her head down and deeply taking my married friend's cock in her throat. Matt was playing with Jenn's soaking wet pussy. I haven't seen Jenn that wet in a long time and now my cock was starting to swell in my pants. I have been fantasizing about walking in on her being bad with one of my friends. Now it is finally happening and I want to cum in my pants

Jenn got off the couch and got on her knees. My cock swelled to its max as I thought it was my turn for her hot long tongue. She didn't even look in my direction which drove me crazier with lust, as our friend was getting a lot of my girlfriend's attention. 

She took off his pants and shirt. His huge dick was everything that she had been dreaming of and she continued her game of teasing it. She licked all around his wanting balls and shaft making her way to sucking down on his cock lubing it up with her saliva, to slowly stroke it at the same time. 

I was so aroused at this point, that I secretly started to stoke myself and took out my cock to relieve some tension. Matt got a little kinky, and grabbed my girl's pony tail and used her mouth like it was his wife's pussy. She took as much as she could in her throat and I was amazed to see this over and over again. Jenn pushed her self off of his member and crawled across the floor in my direction. My dick was seeping pre-cum wanting that used up mouth. She knew exactly how to please me and started on my cock by licking the tip sucking up as much pre cum possible. 

As Jenn started on stroking me and sucking my dick at a faster pace, she let out a loud moan. Matt crept up behind her fingering her dripping pussy. I could tell that she wanted another man inside her, so I started to fuck her mouth harder in anticipation. Matt asked me where the condoms were, and Jenn glanced up at me with a cock in her mouth. She said to me, "please let him fuck me bare. I want to feel his big cock deep inside me. Besides he's married and safe." I didn't have any hesitation as I was so into being pleased. 

Matt was teasing her pussy with his huge hard on, and slowly made his way in her dripping wet cunt. Jenn let out a long, satisfied moan and briefly took her mouth off my cock. "Oh my god, I've been waiting for this," Jenn said. She turned and looked in my eyes as she stroked my cock. "I loved that big dick in my mouth Tim. He's stretching my pussy out so wide." She then lowered her head back to my cock, rocking back and forth as she was getting railed from behind.

Her moans felt so good vibrating on my cock, but she eventually stopped and leaned forward to remove Matt. "My knees are hurting. I want a bed." With that, Jenn stood up and grabbed Matt's hard on. She led him up the stairs to our bedroom. I sat on the couch to rest and finished my beer.

I was watching TV on low, drinking my nice cold beer. I was listening for hot sex sounds from our bedroom. Instead, I only heard soft talking that I couldn't make out. This sparked my interest as what was going on upstairs behind my back. I got up from the couch and made my way to the stairs to listen in. I heard Jenn giggling. I wanted to see the show. I crept up the stairs and heard our bed making noise. All I can think about was my little slut getting pounded on our bed. I went up to the bedroom and the door is ajar. I peered in and it was really bright in our room. The aroma of sex was making my dick hard again. I walked into the room and said in excitement "What's going on in here!"

The camera was pointed towards our bed where Jenn was butt naked with my best friend. Matt was lying on his back with his big dick pointed to the sky. Jenn was on top of him in a 69 position, feverishly stroking his hard on while moaning. "Oh yeah, Matt your tongue is so good on my clit. You like my cum in your mouth?" Matt's guttural moan was enough to make my girlfriend jump from the vibrations on her clit. "Does your wife's pussy taste as good as mine?" Matt responded with the same moans.

I quickly picked up the camera to get some close-ups of Jenn lowering her mouth back on that throbbing monster. They were pleasuring each other with their mouths for a good ten minutes when Matt layed his head down because of the pleasure. "Oh my god Jenn, your mouth feels amazing." Jenn pivoted around to lay her body between Matt's legs and concentrate on getting his big cock down her throat. She pulled it out of her mouth and started licking the shaft down to his heavy bulls. Jenn loved having a nice set of smooth balls in her mouth and she coated them with her saliva. As she was stroking Matt's cock, she worked her tongue lower and lower until she began to rim him. Matt instinctively lifted his legs as my girlfriend buried her face and her tongue deep into his ass. "Oh god, you're going to make me cum," Matt groaned. Not wanting to waste a drop, Jenn went back up to his cock and shoved it down her throat. She began a furious pace of head bobbing and stroking with her hand. Matt was moaning with his hips, thrusting off the bed and I was there to catch it all on tape. Jenn's other hand was rubbing Matt's soaked balls when she dragged her finger down to his asshole. While his cock was chocking her down her throat, Jenn eased her middle finger into Matt's asshole. He let out a scream and Jenn moaned around his cockhead. I could see her throat muscles working as she was swallowing my best friend's cum. My boxers were now soaked with my pre-cum.

Matt's face was flush from cumming so hard in my beautiful girlfriend's mouth. She looked up at me and said in a mumble, "Want to taste?" I looked at Matt and gave him the camera, Jenn stood there with a mouth full of cum and I made out with her. Her lips were so swollen from that big cock as we were sharing his cum together. I unbuttoned my pants to let out my throbbing hard on. Jenn grabbed a hold of my cock like she owned it. 

Matt was still on the bed filming us. It was so erotic being taped, that I just wanted to give Jenn more cum. As the camera was rolling, I spread her legs wide open and licked her fucked out pussy. I could tell she wanted to cum again, as her clit was swelled. I licked her dripping wet cunt adding my saliva to make her even more slippery. I pointed my rock hard cock toward her pussy as Matt took another angle with the camera. He was standing right next to me as I pushed my cock into her. Jenn screamed so loud as she instantly creamed all over me. Then she yelled out in the heat of passion, "I want to taste myself on your dick!" I pulled out and got on top of her titties as she pressed them together on my cock. I thrust hard into her tits, as she licked the head of my cock to taste herself. She spit on my cock to keep it nice and lubed up. I slid back down her and flipped her on her stomach.

Matt was getting ready to perform again, and filming us going at it. I whispered in her ear, " Do you want 2 cocks in you at the same time? Do you want me to lube up your ass baby?" Jenn let out a loud moan in excitement for another fantasy of hers, to be double penetrated. I reached over to the night stand and took out our favorite lube along with her purple vibrator. I put it on her clit, as I lubed up my wanting cock. I stuck my finger in her ass to stretch her out. She took it so good. 

Matt jumped on the bed and pointed the camera at her face as my cock slid in her ass. Her vibrator was on high, which I also felt on my balls. The sensation made me want to cum, but I held back hoping to make her fantasy cum true.

I began sliding my hard cock deep inside Jenn's ass. I was pumping her full of dick with Matt filming her face as she took it. When I got a good rhythm going, Matt set the camera down and began making out with my girlfriend. After a short time, he slid on his back underneath Jenn. Eventually, he began to lick her clit and suck her cum out of her as I was pumping her ass. My balls began to slap my friend's nose as I was fucking my girlfriend's ass. Between Matt's tongue and my dick, Jenn exploded. "Oh yeah baby, lick Timmy's balls," Jenn yelled out as she was cumming in his mouth. My girlfriend exploded on my friend's face as I felt a wet tongue and hot mouth on my balls. It was enough to send me over the edge as I pulled out of Jenn's ass and erupted in between her ass cheeks. My cum slid down her asshole, onto Matt's tongue as he hungrily lapped my seamen up.

I collapsed onto the bed, staring at my best friend's enormous hard on pointed to the sky. Jenn immediately attacked him, sliding her mouth over his mushroom tip. "I want to feel this back inside me Matt," she moaned in ecstasy My friend pivoted around so his big dick was lined up with my girlfriend's pussy. Jenn was moaning as her wet cunt dripped on his hard cock. I watched in ecstasy as she gently lowered herself onto his giant cock. Jenn quickly began riding Matt's hard dick and immediately came on him. Her head was thrown back and she was yelling. "Oh god Matt, your cock is so big. You make me cum all over you. I love this big dick! I can't get enough of your bare cock in my tight pussy. Do you like how I feel? Do I fuck you better than your wife? Come on Matt, give me your dick. I want to feel your seed fill my slut pussy."

Jenn's hot, wet pussy and dirty mouth were starting to send Matt over the edge. He was moaning in ecstasy as my girlfriend posted up and down on his huge staff. As much as she wanted to get double penetrated, she could not stop cumming on Matt's cock as she continued to ride him faster and faster. It was soon too much for any man as my friend threw his head back and began to shoot his hot cum inside my girlfriend's tight pussy. Jenn started cumming again for the tenth time of the night and I was capturing it all on tape, my hard on jetting out in front of me.