 The best part of walking your dog in this neighborhood is that you meet other people out doing the same thing. Almost everyone is friendly and we all stop to chat, but two stand out. Leslie is a tall, thin blonde with a crazy white boxer dog, and Karen has an enormous malamute. They stand out because they don't just stand and chat-they flirt.

--------------------------------------------------------------

The first time I met Leslie, she asked straight out if I was a single dad. She had seen me with my son, and she had seen me with my dog, but never with my wife. She was definitely jumping to conclusions, but I was flattered by the implication of her question even if I had to explain the reality. From then on, Leslie's demeanor never changed-she chose to ignore the inconvenient fact that I was married, and that she knew my wife socially-she just kept right on being flirtatious every time we ran into each other. She was blunt, sexy, and hilarious-a great combination.

Things crossed the line last summer, though, and stayed across it. Her boxer decided to sniff my dog thoroughly, and after a while, she nipped at him. "I don't know why she doesn't like that," said Leslie with a smile. "I think it's cool how dogs just walk right up and start sniffing!" 

She had such a wicked smile on her face that I decided to play along. "Yeah-think how that would go over in this town, though...if every guy just started sniffing women on the street, this place would explode!" 

"I don't know," she said with a wicked smile. "I might kind of like that!"

Just to tease her, I stepped toward her and buried my face in her neck, sniffing loudly and hamming it up. Instead of pulling back, though, she stepped forward as well, straddling my thigh and rubbing her pussy against my leg. 

"See..." she said, "I like it!" Her jeans were nudging my cock, which was rapidly hardening against her. "You like it, too!" she said delightedly. Suddenly aware that we were standing in the middle of the street, she turned toward her house. "Come on," she said. "Let's not do this in the street!"

The dog followed me, and I followed my cock, which was following Leslie's tight little as as it twitched sexily into the garage. She let her dog go into the house, and with a little urging, mine went into the kitchen as well. Leslie turned and hit the garage door closer, then closed the kitchen door. In the dim light of the garage, she turned back toward me with a smile.

One thing I like about Leslie is her lack of social inhibitions. It's hilarious at times to hear what she comes out with, but this was different. Now her words had led us to action, and I was more than willing to see how far she wanted to go. The answer wasn't long in coming. She walked right up to me, kissed me once, and dropped to her knees. Her hands busily unbuckled my jeans and tugged them down to my thighs, My boxer briefs were next, and my cock snapped upward when it was released. In a second, her thin, cool hands were wrapped around it, and the tip was in her mouth. 

Now, Leslie has been around the block a few times-lived with a woman for a few years, divorced a guy once, and generally dated and slept with anyone she felt like hooking up with. Her technique, therefore, was well-practiced! She took 2/3 of my cock in one swoop, and then I felt my favorite thing-at the bottom of her stroke, she stuck out her tongue and licked the bottom of my shaft! Damn, I love that!

She wasn't messing around-she sucked hard after that, stroking me briskly. I started to thrust in time with her bobbing, and she hummed in pleasure when my cock bumped the back of her throat. Pausing in her action, she looked up at me and then slowly went all the way down on me, sliding the head of my cock easily into her throat. She shook her head a bit, then pulled all the way off. 

With a smile, she asked the stupidest question on the planet: "Did you like that?" 

The only possible response came out of my mouth: "Fuck yes-do it again!" 

Leslie didn't tease me-she took a deep breath, then went all the way back down. Over and over, my cock slipped into the tight ring of her throat. Her tongue lashed my balls, and she kept one hand on my ass to guide me while the other gently fondled my tightening nuts. She paused for breath after almost a minute of this, smiling happily at the grin on my face. She milked out a trickle of pre-cum, which she lapped up greedily. Then she wrapped her lips around the head of my cock, sucking hard. Her hands stroked me steadily and cupped my balls. Clearly, she was ready to finish me off, and I was in no position to argue.

Leaning back against a cabinet, I rested one hand on her silky blonde hair and the other on her shoulder. I pumped in time with her steady sucking, feeling myself getting closer and closer. I didn't feel the need to warn her-she knew what she was doing to me! When the cum started rising, I wrapped both hands in her hair and fucked her face freely. She sped up just a bit, gripping more tightly and sucking just a bit harder. 

"Fuck, Leslie-I'm going to cum!"

She didn't pause to tell me "go ahead" or anything-she just kept going. After another few strokes, I jammed my cock deep into her mouth and spurted my first shot of cum. Immediately, she backed off to keep just the tip inside her lips, sucking hard but leaving me room to fill her mouth. Six, and then seven splashes leapt from my cock, and she took every drop. When I was done, I slumped back against the cabinet door. She swallowed briskly without making a big show of it, then tucked my cock back in my pants with a smile.

"Come on," she said. "Those guys are going to tear the house apart!"

--------------------------------------------------------------