 Her hand was warm in mine as we started down the path between the trees. Behind us was a sparsely populated parking lot with only a few cars in it. She knew I had something up my sleeve today since I’d been teasing her about living out a fantasy for a few days. But, she had no idea what was coming. Or so I thought.

It was late afternoon and most of the park’s visitors had already gone for the day. It was also the middle of the week, which meant there weren’t many visitors to begin with. The day had been warm with just a light breeze and the kind of deep blue sky one only sees on rare occasions. 

Smiling at her somewhat confused expression, I led her down the path deeper into the park. Lined closely with trees on both sides, the late afternoon sun was quickly hidden and the voices of the few people in the parking lot faded also.

“When are you going to tell me what you’re up to?” she asked, pulling at my arm gently.

“When I’m ready,” I said with a smile and stifled her next comment with a quick kiss. Just a peck really, but I let a little heat get into it just to get her thinking.

We walked along the path for about 30 minutes, passing just a few people on their way out. I knew that the park gates officially closed at sundown. That was why I’d parked our car outside those gates. She’d asked me why and I told her that we needed the walk and just in case we didn’t watch the clock, it was the easiest way to leave after closing. Since I was planning to be way late on leaving the park, it just made sense.

The sky started to darken and I pretended not to notice. Taking one of the side paths, I led her down to a bench that overlooked a small pond. It was too early in the season for mosquitoes, so I had no worries on that score.

Standing there watching the fish make ripples on the water; she leaned against me and asked if we shouldn’t be heading back. It was time, the light was almost gone.

Turning to her I wrapped my arms around her and drew her close. I tilted my face to hers and kissed her red lips slowly and gently. Probing her mouth with my tongue, I slipped my hands down to her buttocks and squeezed ever so gently. A small sound of surprise came from her as I pulled her hips tightly against mine so she could feel my arousal through her clothing.

Pulling back slightly, I slid my hands up her sides to caress the sides of her breasts. She looked at me with knowing in her eyes now. She knew what I wanted and judging by the way her lips were parted and her eyes were half closed, she wanted it too.

I tilted her head back and started kissing her. Brushing her long red hair aside, I trailed kisses along her neck and shoulder. Her scent was intoxicating as I slipped the shoulder of her top aside.

She was holding my hips now, grinding herself against me. I took her breast in my hand and massaged the nipple through her blouse. I couldn’t take that for long at all, so I unfastened her blouse and slipped my hand into her bra. Her flesh was soft and warm in my hand. I took my mouth from her shoulder and kissed her nipple, licking and sucking it slowly.  Her breath was coming shorter already. So was mine, oh how I wanted her, but I wanted this to last a while too.

As I kissed her breast her hand went to my jeans and she began to stroke and squeeze me through the fabric. My arousal was enough that my jeans were beginning to feel a bit uncomfortable. Apparently she sensed it and taking both hands unfastened my jeans and pulled the material away so that my manhood stood free.

The cool air made the heat from her hands feel incredible. I was swimming in pleasure and wanted to be sure that she was enjoying it as much as I was. So, I reached down to her and lifted the hem of her skirt. Imagine my surprise when I found that she’d worn no panties under it!

She smiled at me and whispered, “I had this fantasy too.”

I love it when our minds are on the same track like that. It makes life very very entertaining. I slipped my hand to her thigh and stroked her leg as she stroked my sex with her hands. My other hand held her firm backside under the skirt and I continued to suckle her breast. Drawing low moans from her as I did so.

Finally I couldn’t stand it any longer and brought my hand to her sex. I rubbed against her with my fingers and easily slipped one inside her vagina to stroke in her moisture. Her sex was soaked with desire and I wanted her more than ever. But I held off, determined to bring her to a climax first.

Sliding in her moisture my fingers found her clit and I began to rub the hard little knob gently. I knew that it would be too intense for her if I stroked to hard, so I kept my touch light and feathery. She was moaning in earnest now, lost in sensation and I could feel little tremors all along her sex as I massaged her.

Pulling my hands free, I turned her around and had her bend over the bench we were standing by. I lifted her skirt up over her waist and she spread her long legs for me. Her sex was open to me, like the petals of a flower to a bee.  I wasted no time in bending down to her and running my tongue the length of her slit. Her body trembled at my touch and her breath came in short gasps. Oh my woman, how hot could you be tonight?

She came on my tongue, shaking and trembling. Barely stifling the small scream that came to her lips. Feeling and tasting her climax, I stood and guided myself into her inviting folds.

Oh my woman, she was so tight and smooth that I nearly lost it as I slipped in. Her body squeezed me and pulled as I thrust into her. Faster and harder we drove against each other, building our own heat against the early night air. I slipped one around her waist to reach her sex and continue stroking her sex. Oh she was so close to orgasm now that I was practically holding her body up as she ground her sex against me.

Suddenly she clamped down on me as she climaxed yet again, throbbing and grinding so hard against me as her body claimed me for its own. I reached my peak with her, my own body shuddering and straining to plunge deeper into her as we burst through together in a rush of sensation that left us both drained and exhausted.

I held myself in her body for long moments after our climax. Thinking to myself that there was no woman I had ever been with that could make me feel so good.

She stirred against me and raised her head to turn and smile my way. “I don’t feel you getting smaller” she said with a coy smile. Then I felt her body squeeze me again. I knew that we might get out of the park before sunrise, but it would be a close thing.