 I remember the first time we actually met. We had been 'cyber friends' for a while, chatting to each other, and often our conversations got quite hot and sexy. Living several hundreds of kilometers apart meant that meeting up was somewhat of a logistical challenge, but as we grew to know each other better we both felt the urge to meet 'in the flesh' so to speak.

I had to go to the main city on business and decided to travel by car instead of flying, although the journey takes about seven hours. The trip does, however, take me through the town where Wanda lives and so I told her, in our chat session, that I could meet her finally after all these months. Not being familiar with the town we decided to meet a short distance out of town in one of those road side parking areas where a weary traveler can rest a while. That way she could guide me to her place without the risk of me getting lost. 

I arrived at the rendezvous feeling rather nervous and saw her vehicle was already parked towards the back of the area, away from the road. Since we'd only traded photos of ourselves, I was unsure of what to expect, but I parked near her vehicle and walked over to it. She opened the passenger side door and I saw her face, a big smile greeting me, and I knew it was going to be alright.

Wanda looks lovely. We are both just over the crest of the big '50' and so neither of us has that youthful athletic look anymore, but we both still look young for our age. She has blonde hair, cut short and a cheerful face. I jumped in the passenger seat and she held her arms out for a hug, saying, "Hello Roger. It is good to meet you at last."

"Hello Wanda." I said as she wrapped her arms around me. I felt her big breasts press against me as we hugged and kissed. It was not a shy kiss either. Our lips met and our lips parted, then our tongues were exploring each other as we sat clutched in each other's arms with the traffic zipping past not more than 50 meters away. I felt her hands exploring along my back, kneading me under the shoulders and along the sides of my midriff. I tasted her as her tongue darted into my mouth and the pressure of her breasts against my chest aroused me. I felt my cock harden and I turned myself further against her so she could feel it too. I realized my nervousness had evaporated and I felt like I had known Wanda forever. She was kissing me hard, but her kisses increased in urgency as she felt my cock against her thigh. My hands were wandering along her back but now I slipped one under her blouse and sought her breast. I felt her nipple through her bra, erect and sensuous, pressing against fabric. We were breathing heavily as we continued our long kiss. I slid under the bra and cupped her breast taking the nipple in between my thumb and finger, tweaking and rolling it as I massaged her breast. 

I sensed her becoming even more aroused and her hand slipped between my legs, cupping my balls.

"Oh, Roger!" She murmured as she felt for my zipper. I pushed her blouse and bra up allowing her two huge breasts to fall free. It was the first time I had seen them exposed. Her nipples were large, almost like my thumbs, and fully erect. As my mouth closed over one of them I felt her open my zipper and reach into my pants, feeling urgently for my hard cock. She drew my shaft out and caressed him with gentle stroking movements while her other hand cupped my balls, squeezing gently. I was playing with those gorgeous tits, sharing my kisses between them, sucking on the nipples and feeling the ripples radiating from my groin as she began stroking my cock. Our kissing ended when Wanda dropped her head down into my lap. Her wet and eager mouth closed over my cock and she began moving up and down, sucking urgently on my shaft. I felt her tongue licking along the bottom of my cock in little darting movements that caused electric jolts of pleasure, making my body shudder in ecstasy.

"Oh my dear Wanda!" I said, arching back to let her get the maximum amount of cock in her mouth. "That is so wonderful." 

I slid my hand under her skirt and worked it up her thigh, slipping under the elastic of her panties. She moved her legs, opening the gap for me and my fingers found the wetness of her vagina. She was so ready. Her pussy parted as my fingers explored and my index and middle finger slipped deep inside of her. She moaned with pleasure, but her licking and sucking did not stop and I felt a rush within me like the rising of a tide.

"Careful. You will make me cum." I whispered.

"Mmmm...Let it cum." She murmured taking her mouth of my shift only momentarily to say those words before going down again and taking my cock once again, in deep. She began working at it with even more gusto, her hand wrapped around my shaft stroking it while her lips and tongue worked the knob and the tender area around the top of my cock. I was finger fucking her in long, easy strokes and I felt her pussy pulsate. There were three of my fingers in there now and her juices were flowing. 

My own passion was reaching a crescendo and I felt that familiar rushing pressure. I knew I could not hold back. I was immanently going to ejaculate.

"Oh my God! I am going to cum." I cried. My buttocks were already clenching in anticipation.

"Yes, yes. Let it cum babe. I am ready for you." Wanda murmured as she continued to lick and suck my cock. She wrapped her lips tightly around my shaft and slip down onto it even further. I felt her tongue pressing against the bottom of my cock and then I couldn't hold on any longer.

I started to cum. I felt as if my balls constricted and a huge shot of hot cream splashed onto her tongue. Wanda started stroking my cock even harder, faster as she gulped at the load that was streaming into her mouth. Wanda was swallowing as fast as she could, yet still she could not take it all and a pearly stream began to trickle from her mouth and down her chin.

When my orgasm subsided she lifted her face and smiled up at me, looking like a naughty girl with ice cream smeared around her mouth. She still had my now deflating cock in her hand and was massaging him gently. 

"Mmmmm...You taste good." She chuckled. Her tongue darted around licking cum from her lips, cleaning it all away as I lay back against the upholstery, my chest heaving slightly in the aftermath of ecstasy.

"You were awesome." I told her. "That was an amazing head-job."

"Thank you." Her smile was radiant. We were still rather formal with each other even though she had just gobbled my shank and swallowed my cum, and I still had three fingers in her pussy! Somewhere in the back of my mind I saw the fact as amusingly absurd. 

"But you still owe me a fuck." She added, her grin widening. Well so much for being formal. I looked nervously about. Although we were some way off the road and our actions just past would have escaped unnoticed (Because her four wheel drive was obscured by my car and we had hunkered right down in the seats) I was not confident that my arse bobbing in the air would not be visible from the highway. 

Wanda tucked my cock back into my trousers and kissed my lips. Hers tasted rather salty; the taste of my cum on them. She smiled again.

"My place would be better. More private." She suggested.

We dressed quickly and I gave her one last kiss before returning to my car.

* * * * *

The trip to her house did not take very long. She ushered me into the hall and shut her front door, then pushed me against the wall and pressed herself against me. We fumbled and pulled at each other's clothes, dropping shed garments where they fell until we stood naked in each other's arms. We kissed again more passionately then before, our tongues darting into each other's mouth, tasting each other and twining together as we pressed together tightly. Minutes passed before we unlocked mouths and stood back a little to catch our breaths. My hands on her waist, hers on my shoulders we stood arms length apart and took our first look at each other naked.

Wanda has terrific breasts. Large and full with big nipples that pop out easily into thumb-like nodes when she is aroused, (Which, I found out, as time went on. was quite often). I looked at those magnificent tits and felt my cock begin to harden again. This was where her eyes were and she widened them in surprise.

"Oh, Roger. You are ready again?" She asked. I slipped my hand down and then came up inside her legs, feeling for her warm wet pussy that I had, not so long before, left totally unsatisfied. She gasped as I pushed my fingers deeply into her and then she smiled at the sensation of my cock rising like an Indian cobra getting ready to spit once more.

"It seems I am!" I replied. Wanda took my free hand and stepped back causing my occupied fingers to slip from the velvety niche they were exploring.

"Well, then it is my turn." She grinned and turned, leading me towards the deeper recesses of the house.

We entered a bedroom with a nice sized double bed and she tenderly pushed me backwards onto it.

"I want to ride you" She explained. I was on my back. My cock was rigid and ready as she straddled me. From my position I could see her hungry pussy open and ready to take my throbbing knob into her. She was shaved. I like that; a nice hairless pussy anxious for a hard fucking session. She took hold of my cock and slipped the knob between her pussy lips, then slid herself onto me. It was sensational I felt my cock slip in, upwards, deep into her and I felt her pussy muscles contract and ripple along my shaft as if it were sucking me off. Then she started to ride. Slowly at first, lifting and falling, taking my cock in as far as it would go. Then she sped up, picking up her pace slightly with every few strokes. Soon she was heaving up and down and my balls were slamming hard against her arse as my cock rammed home hard with her every stroke. She was moaning...softly at first, then the moans became little yelps of pleasure. Her pussy tightened around my cock until it felt like a tight little glove and her yelps became screams of pleasure.

I was a little worried that the neighbors would hear her, but she was bouncing unabated, spearing herself deep on my pounding cock. I felt her begin to pulse and she pushed down hard burying my cock in so deep that every millimeter of it was inside her pussy. Her cry became a long drawn out wail as she cum. I felt her pussy juices flow along my shaft, running out of her and over my balls like a warm tide. That finished me off and my cock began a pulsation of its own as I shot several loads of hot semen deep inside of her. She fell forward onto me and I hugged her to me. Again we kissed as both of our juices mingled together inside of her. 

When we had regained our strength we disentangled and sat cross legged facing each other on the bed. She was giggling with happiness, her tits bouncing enticingly as I grinned and tried to catch my breath. Her hand sneaked under my balls and she cupped them in her palm as she studied my shrinking cock. It was shiny and sticky with our mixed cum and some trickled down onto her upward facing palm. Her pussy was also wet and little trickles of our love juices were running down between her legs and in between her buttocks.

"Oh my, what a great fuck." She said as she jiggled my ball bag up and down a bit. "Not bad for a couple of oldies huh?"

"Not THAT old." I retorted. "Still plenty of mileage left in us yet." 

That was the very first time that Wanda and I fucked. It was a sweet and memorable moment that neither of us had thought would ever happen.