 Wanda opened the door to Dillon's room and saw him standing by the bed. His dark green eyes were filled with an eager light as she stepped into the room. Julian's room always smelled like talcum powder and the minty linament her rubbed on his sore muscles after one of his frequent workouts in the gym. Wanda loved that smell. She always took a deep whiff of Julian when she first saw him every day. His hair pomade mixed with the talc and linament and deodorant would mingle with Julie's strong musk and Wanda could see neon lights flash in her mind. Man, was all Wanda could think as the scent of Julie flooded her senses. Everything about Julie screamed man in a primal sense. 

Wanda gave Julie a second to take her in. She loved his worshiping gaze as his eyes flowed over her ample curves. The hunger in expression as he absorbed her large breasts was always a turn on for her. Julie never tired of seeing her breasts. even after years together and countless hours absorbing every detail of Wanda's body, Julie wasn't religious but Wanda's body was his personal heaven. Wanda started for Julie. She was caught up in his eyes. Julie had eyes that gave away his every thought. Julie was watching a hundred sexy and loving thoughts flash through his eyes. she stumbled on Julies weight set laying on the floor. Her body pitched forward. She would have caught her balance herself but Julie was to her in an instant reaching out to catch her. He was so protective of her. He caught her and under the arm and Wanda twisted away as her feet steadied her body. His hand involuntarily shifted to the side of her chest. Wanda started to be embarrassed by her lack of grace but watched as the sensation of her soft breasts in Julie's hands washed over his eyes. Julie's expression and the warmth of his hands made Wanda's already sensitive body tingle. Her knees were weak and she sat on the bed. 

Julie took this as an invitation to pounce on her. He pushed her on her back. He laid to her side and started kissing her. They was a rush of sweetness as they kissed. Julie's lips grew warm and swollen. The possibilities of those lips on her body had Wanda pressing Julies powerful shoulders down. She didn't realize she was doing it. She squeezed his muscles tightly as he tore himself from her lips. When his lips reached under her chin it felt like a string was running from his warm mouth to her sex. Every kiss was like pulling the string like a quitar player. The vibration of the string radiated throughout her woman hood. She was melting in her jeans. Julie's hands pressed into her sides as his warm mouth reached the collar of her shirt. His hands sliped into her jeans to find the hem of her shirt. 

Wanda sat up and gripped the bottom of her shirt and slowly lifted it over her head. The anticipation in Julie's eyes was intense. She loved how hungry he was to see her amazing breasts she loved when she would first take off her shirt. The rush she would get from Julie staring at the bright material of her bra contrasting with her coffee complexion of her. His eyes flowing over her the huge curves of her tits. As her shirt slid over her head she was again hit by the smell of the blood of one of her tormentors. The metallic odor started a quake deep within the warm walls of her pussy. She was starting to peak as the shirt cleared her head. Julies' mouth touched her collar bone and his warm tongue glided over it's length. Wanda felt the heat like a bolt of lightning that ran through her spine to her Clit. Her body spasmed in ograsm and she shoved Julie from her neck as he hot flush rushed over her body. It took every once of her strength to keep Julie off her body as she tried to recover from the mini electric shocks poping around the erogenous zones of her body. 

She sees his eyes widen as they focused on her breasts. The way Julie was staring, Wanda knew her nipples must have been poking through the thin material of her bra. She could feel her already hard nipples grow even firmer under his gaze. She knew as hard as her nipples were Julie was seeing every detail through the thin cloth stretched across her tips. she hated Julie for not letting her recover from her orgasm. She could feel the heat from his eyes on her chest pushing her towards the edge again without even touching her. 

She couldn't keep Julie from her body forever. His eyes were conflicted. He knew she needed him to stop. To give her a second to regroup. But, he had needs too. He was desperate to continue. A pressure was building inside him and Wanda's body was the only thing that could relieve that pressure. He was at war with that pressure trying to hold back so Wanda could recover. He was slowly losing that war as he pressed harder and harder against Wanda's effort to keep his mouth from her body. His eyes met hers and they understood. Julie was about to lose the struggle to resist Wanda's allure. Wanda would forgive him his weakness for her body. 

Wanda ceased to resist. She felt like a flaming monk becoming a martyr for Julie's desires. The heat spread over her as Julie kissed her neck again. As his warm mouth reached her huge breasts his light beard tickling her exposed cleavage. Her body was all tingles and jingles he covered her bra covered right nipple with his mouth. The wet heat from his mouth started her pussy humming. She pushed him off before the hum built to another electric climax. She saw his eyes were longing for the sight of her bare nipples. He found her areolas to have a hypnotic effect. The world ceased to exist as he would stare at her. It was like he could see the whole universe in her breasts. She knew he was about to take off her bra and set her large orbs free.

To be continued