 Chapter 2: Glynnis

The continuing adventures of Lee Stephenson as he travels his voyage of self-rediscovery.

I drove my Subaru Outback south to the edge of Nelson, stopping at the Chevron station. I topped up the tank, went inside to get a coffee and returned to my car. I pulled out my B.C. map and looked at my options. If I really wanted to go north, I was better off to go south and then east. That's the way it was in the Selkirk's, The Purcell's or any of the other mountain ranges in the Rockies for that matter. I always did want to run up the Rocky Mountain Trench and this was as good a time as any.

I thought back over the past four days and smiled to myself. Out of the blue and through pure dumb luck, I had met Constance and had spent the entire time in a state of sexual bliss. She had been a tonic of unimagined strength despite our fifteen year age difference. I kept thinking of the old movie "In Praise of Older Women" and adding an 'A Men' to the title. She was staring right at her fiftieth birthday and yet acted more like a thirty year old playmate. In those idyllic four days, I had learned and experienced more in giving and receiving sexual satisfaction than I had in my entire adult life. 

I'm sure that anyone who saw me would immediately recognize the smug smile of a sated man. If I was going to die, this was the way I wanted to go. I sat in the car lost in my reverie and wondering how I would top this first adventure in my new-found freedom. The impatient blast of a horn was enough to get me going again and I pulled out onto Highway 6, southbound to Highway 3 east. I thought briefly about continuing south into Idaho, but decided that side trip could wait for another day. I had my own territory to explore and that's what I planned to do.

I was barely over an hour into my drive along the Crowsnest Highway and just approaching Cranbrook, when I felt something go wrong with the handling on the car. I had been cruising along at a sedate 90 kph when it began and within a minute or two I was aware that something was seriously wrong. I found a wide shoulder and pulled over to the side carefully and finally brought the car to a stop. I got out and carefully looked at the wheels on the driver's side before walking around the rear of the car to survey the passenger side. 

The problem was obvious; a nearly flat rear right side tire. I had picked up a puncture and after swearing at the inconvenience, I opened the rear hatch, took out the three bags that blocked access to my spare tire and began my work. Before leaving on this trip, I had had the car checked out thoroughly by my friend and mechanic neighbor Don Childs and he pronounced it fit. He also gave me an 18" square piece of ¾" plywood to use if I had to change a tire on soft ground. I made a mental note to thank him with something tangible as it was exactly what was required on this highway shoulder.

I wasn't likely to be recruited by any NASCAR team for my tire changing skills, but with the clever and efficient system Subaru and most other Japanese makes had in storing and organizing the tools, I was done in less than fifteen minutes. I had a pair of leather work gloves in with the plywood platform and I managed not to get too dirty with the effort. Luckily, the weather was nice and I wasn't under any stress, so when all was said and done, I wasn't in a bad mood at all.

It was only a few kilometers to Cranbrook and as I arrived in the town, I began looking for either a Subaru dealer (unlikely) or a Yokohama Tire dealer. If found the latter first and pulled into a parking slot in front of the main showroom doors. As I approached the front desk I was greeted by an attractive young lady in light blue coveralls and the name Glynnis stitched above her breast pocket. 

"Good morning. How can I help you?" she smiled.

"Good morning ... Glynnis. I have a flat that needs repair." I said, examining her casually.

"Well, why don't I get one of our guys to bring it in and we'll get to work on it. It shouldn't take too long ... it isn't busy this morning." She had a lovely smile and I've always been a sucker for nice smiles. Even when I'm angry or stressed, a nice smile can bring me down to earth in a hurry.

"Thanks." I offered, continuing to assess what might be under the coveralls. Damn ... Constance had really changed my outlook on women in a hurry.

I helped myself to a hot coffee, although I think it had been made a couple of days earlier. I found a year old car magazine with an article on the Subaru Impreza WRX and settled in to wait for the tire repair. I had been there for about twenty minutes when an older man came through the shop doors, saw me sitting in the little lounge and approached me.

"Are you the owner of the Outback?" he asked in a friendly manner.

"Yes."

"I'm afraid I'm not going to be able to repair your tire; at least not safely." he began. "It's been badly cut by some piece of metal I think and I don't have any way to fix that. You're going to need a new tire. I can show you if you like." he offered.

"Sure ... let's have a look." I wasn't that I didn't trust him, but I was curious what would cause this kind of damage.

He showed me the inside of the tire and he had chalked an area about three inches long on a diagonal at the very bottom of the sidewall. 

"I'm guessing you picked up a metal shard somewhere and maybe you rubbed up against a curb or something that pushed it through. Once the tire got hot on the highway, it would start to leak and deflate."

"Well, do you have a replacement tire?"

"No ... that's the thing. These aren't the standard factory tires. These are high performance touring tires and I don't carry them here. No call for them. Let me check the computer and see where I can get one." 

We walked back to the desk and he started to enter keystrokes and within five minutes he had the bad news.

"The closest one I can find is in Maple Ridge. There's one in Edmonton too, but if I can catch the Greyhound, I can get the tire from Maple Ridge on the bus and it'll be here late tomorrow afternoon. That's the best I can suggest." he said apologetically.

"Well, luckily for me, I'm in no hurry, so why don't you order the tire and I'll just keep the car for around town until it arrives."

"Fine. I'll put the spare back ... no ... wait ... I think I've got a tire that's the same size in the bin. It'll do for a day or two as long as you don't try anything fancy with it. I'll put that on and you won't have as much imbalance as with the spare."

"That sounds great ... thanks a lot." I said genuinely. Small town service ... there's nothing like it. I left him my card and told him only the cell phone number was active. I asked him if he wanted an imprint of my Visa, but he said he'd sort it out when we finished putting the new tire on tomorrow. Small town trust to go with the service. I felt good about staying here for a day or so.

I had my car back in ten more minutes and he promised to call me when the new tire arrived and he'd put it on right away. Out of the corner of my eye, I could see Glynnis watching this interaction and she was smiling, I thought. I was about to walk out the door and get into my car when it dawned on me that I would be staying overnight in Cranbrook and I had no idea where. In a moment of inspiration, I turned back to the counter.

"Excuse me, Glynnis. It looks like I'm going to be staying overnight. Can you suggest a Bed and Breakfast or even a motel that would be comfortable?" I flashed my best smile and I got one in return.

"Sure. Mr. and Mrs. Straker have a very nice place on the west end of town. You probably passed it when you drove in. It's a big yellow house with two big trees right in front. Would you like me to give them a call as see if they have room?" she volunteered.

"That would be very nice. Thank you Glynnis." Again, I gave her the 100 watt smile. "By the way, my name's Lee Stephenson."

"My pleasure and it's nice to meet you Lee." she said with an interested look.

She quickly determined that there was room at the Straker's and on a simple photocopied map, she showed me where it was. I had indeed passed it on the way into town but I guessed that I was preoccupied with finding a tire repair location and wasn't paying much attention to the surroundings. 

"You'll like their place. You can come and go without disturbing them. If you want to go clubbing tonight, you don't have to worry what time you get back." She said all this with a slightly sly look that began to give me ideas. Not totally wholesome ideas, either.

"If I wanted to go clubbing, where would I go?" I asked innocently enough to bring on another grin from her.

"Well ... there's a dance and drink club not far from here" she said. She hadn't changed that challenging look on her face one bit.

"So ... what's the dress code? I asked.

"Nothing special. You get a real mix in a town like Cranbrook. Just don't wear a suit or a tie." she grinned

"Well, I don't think that's a problem." I laughed.

"It's called the Crowsnest Club. It's just down the street and I find it's the place to go for some fun, dancing and a few drinks." She wasn't volunteering that she would be there, but I wouldn't be surprised if she was. I would make it a point to have a look in tonight.

"Well, you've been a real help, Glynnis. I'd like to repay you for your hospitality. Are you doing anything for dinner tonight?" I asked, leaning on the counter directly in front of her.

She was obviously caught off guard. She wasn't expecting me to be so direct in asking her out, I guess. 

"Not so far. What do you have in mind?" All pretence at mild flirting had disappeared and we were down to serious negotiation.

"You know of a nice restaurant I could take a good looking woman to?"

"Well ... depends on what you like. Around here it's Italian and Chinese and steaks. Which do you prefer?" she challenged.

"Any of those sounds great. How about Italian?" I suggested.

"Florio's is very nice and quiet too. How does seven sound?"

"Perfect. Where can I pick you up?"

"I'll meet you there. That way, if you get too frisky, I can cut out." she laughed.

"A wise precaution. I wouldn't trust me either." I laughed. "Since you suggested the club, why don't we make a night of it?"

"We'll see. You don't look too dangerous, but you never know." She had taken more than a couple of seconds to agree but I had the sense that she was looking for fun and I was it for this evening.

As I looked at her more carefully, I guessed she was mid-to-late twenties, no more than five foot tall with honest blonde hair and an outdoor lightly tanned complexion. Her most outstanding features, however, where a class A set of tits and a very round and fully packed backside. She was a very sexy looking young lady and I was pleased that I was going to have the chance to spend some time with her.

I headed out to the Straker's B & B and checked in. It was a conventional residence with a walk-out lower floor that was set up for three decent sized bedrooms, each with a small ensuite. I looked it over and decided it would be fine for the one or two nights I would be here. There was a small shower stall in the bathroom and a writing desk in the bedroom area. A TV and a clock radio on a nightstand were the only other items. 

I unpacked and changed into fresh clothes and set up my laptop. I was surprised that the house was equipped with wireless and I logged on without problem. I checked for emails and found none other than the usual SPAM and trivial stuff various friends had sent me. I had only been gone five days so I didn't expect any emergencies. Besides, I had my cell phone, so anyone could find me if they had the number.

I left the room and drove back into town. I hadn't eaten since Constance and I had shared breakfast and I was hungry. I found a small store-front deli and decided to try it out. It turned out to be a good choice. The food was original and funky and damn good. I thought some more about Glynnis and smiled to myself. My new freedom had produced two unexpected females in my life and I was enjoying every moment of it. Constance had given me a good dose of self confidence and I was riding that high for all it was worth. 

After I had eaten, I drove around the area using the simple map that Glynnis had provided. I saw most of the town, locating both the Crowsnest Club and Florio's Restaurant. Neither was more than five minutes from anywhere. In the summer, I would probably have chosen to walk to either of them. I thought about that for tonight if I happened to have a couple more drinks than I thought I should. I liked the idea of small towns and the closeness of everything. Cranbrook was bigger than that, but not so much that it lost that special feel these towns have.

I parked the car next to Florio's and walked around looking in the various shops on the streets nearby. I spent an hour in a book store and bought a couple of future readers for my travels. I found myself thinking a great deal about Glynnis and what I was going to do tonight. My libido had been rekindled by Constance and I was anxious to try out my seductive skills; assuming I had any. Glynnis had been very willing to accept my invitation to dinner and then to the club and I was surprised at that. I wondered what her story would be. I thought the best time to find out would be dinner.

I walked into Florio's at five before seven and was seated immediately. I let the young lady at the front know I was expecting someone. Glynnis arrived just a couple of minutes after I was seated and I was pleased. It told me she was happy to be joining me this evening. 

"Hi ... good to see you again." I said smoothly.

"Thank you. I'm glad you invited me. I like this place and I wanted to get to know you a little better." she said frankly.

She was dressed in a short denim skirt and a peasant blouse with a nice expanse of cleavage; very much in a casual western style except for the shoes. They were at least three inch platform heels in gold fleck on black and she was all in all, showing a very sexy look. I wasn't sure about a bra, but it seemed like there was a lot of action going on under that blouse as she had walked to our table. Time would tell.

"Glynnis, I don't know your last name." I confessed.

She gave me a funny look before she answered. "It's Florio." she said with a smile.

"Awww!" I had to laugh. "I suppose your parents are keeping an eye on you tonight?" I suggested.

"Probably ... but they know I'm an adult. I make my own friends and live my own life. They understand that." she said in a carefree tone.

"Hmmmm. My experience tells me that parents never quit watching out for their kids; no matter how old they are." I suggested.

"Yah ... you're right. But mine are pretty good. I know they want me to get married and have a bunch of kids, but I'm still waiting for Mr. Right." she said seriously. "What about you?"

"Ah ... well ... I was married but ... it didn't work out." I confessed.

"Oh ... I'm sorry. I didn't mean to pry." 

"Well, sometimes things don't turn out the way you expect. We didn't have any children, so no real harm was done." I said resignedly.

"I'm not so sure about that. I think when you're with someone for a long while, it can't be easy to let go." she said sincerely.

"No ... you're right. It isn't painless. Luckily, we both recognized it wasn't going to last, so it made it a bit easier to put an end to the misery." 

"I guess that's what I'm trying to avoid ... I mean ... picking the wrong one." she said thoughtfully.

There was an awkward pause as the waitress took our drinks order and we looked at the menu for the first time.

"I don't know why I'm looking at this. I know it by heart." she said with a light laugh.

"What's the specialty of the house?" I asked.

"Osso Busso." she said quickly. "Trust me, it is the best!"

"Great ... decision made." I smiled. The smile she gave me was infectious. I was enjoying myself again in the presence of a woman I'd only just met. "So Glynnis, am I going to have to learn to Line Dance tonight?"

She laughed out loud. "No! No! Not the dreaded Line Dance!" she spewed; almost choking on her drink. "We don't allow that kind of stuff on this side of the border. That's for flatlanders." she spat; still smiling. "I like slow, close dancing. Real slow and real close." she said suggestively, fluttering her eyelids.

Now it was my turn to laugh out loud. "You are a tease, young lady. Do your parents know about your naughty ways?"

"Nope. It's my dirty little secret." she smirked.

The dinner was lovely and as advertised, the Osso Busso was very good. We chatted about ourselves a fair amount. I learned that she was the "brains" of the tire store and that the older man that had looked after my tire problem was her uncle. Glynnis did the books and set up the computer systems for him. She enjoyed her work but hinted that she had a longer term plan in mind. She didn't spell it out, but I gathered it involved a guy she knew.

We lingered over a glass of wine and passed on the desserts. There seemed to be a bit of tension between us. 

"Are you staying another night?" Glynnis finally asked.

"Yah ... I think so. Sounds like the tire won't be here until late tomorrow, so there's no point in heading off. I'm no hurry and I don't have to be anywhere special." I explained.

"Then, why don't we skip the club until tomorrow night. It's always livelier on Thursdays." she suggested.

"What would you rather do?" I asked.

"Hang out with you. Why don't we go back to your place? We can watch TV ... or something." she said with that sly grin coming back to her face.

I gave her a knowing smile and agreed. "OK ... let's go. I'll meet you there."

I had figured out that I was the only guest at the Straker's that night and with the private entrance, no one would know I had a guest in my room unless they saw us arrive. I had barely opened the door to my room when Glynnis arrived and whooshed into the room ahead of me. She turned to me as I closed the door and marched straight into my arms. It took me less than five seconds to determine that she was both horny and braless. 

I'm a shade under six foot and Glynnis was a shade over five foot, so there was quite a height difference between us. One thing was certain, her nipples were rock hard and if I had hugged her any harder, I would have a pair of small bruises on my abdomen. I locked my hands under her lovely ass and hoisted her up to eye level. She wrapped her arms around my neck and I pushed her up against the wall and began to assault her mouth with my tongue. She was very active and very aroused and I finally walked her to my bed and dropped her as gently as I could upon it. 

She lay there looking up at me and smiling like the Mona Lisa. What did she know that I didn't know, I wondered. I started to pull the arms of her blouse down over her shoulders and she wriggled her upper body to help move the blouse down. At the same time, she set in motion those lovely big orbs and I was temporarily mesmerized as her shimmy made them dance inches from my face. I couldn't resist. I went after them with my mouth.

She didn't make it hard for me to capture one and I feasted on it; licking and sucking and nipping as she quietly moaned her approval. I changed sides to make sure I gave them both equal attention. As I watched them flow from one side of her chest to the other, a strange memory crept into my consciousness. A brief porn clip on the internet of a blonde woman with large breasts making them orbit in tandem while she was being fucked. It didn't look deliberate, but it was very erotic. I wondered if I could make that happen with Glynnis. It was worth a try.

I stood up and began to remove my shirt as Glynnis kicked off her shoes and undid the button on her skirt. In moments, she was lying with her blouse bunched around her midriff and a pair of pink panties and no more. I was still wrestling with my shirt buttons when Glynnis propped herself up and reached out to undo my belt and then my zipper. I kicked off my shoes and walked out of my pants and except for my socks, we were equal. I leaned over to her and kissed her softly. She pulled me down on top of her and renewed the kiss with tongue and passion. I pulled her panties off and we were off to the races.
