 It was nearing midnight on a chilly fall evening when I approached the landing of his apartment. I bundled my coat tighter to my chest, and rapped hard, three times, on the door. I shivered for a moment before I heard the gentle tromp of footsteps drawing near, the lock being thrown back, and then the door was opened. 

He stood there, all six feet of him, dressed in a dark green bathrobe. My breath caught in my chest, taken aback at how, even this late in the evening, he could still be so damned handsome. "Lucy," he whispered, his eyes never leaving mine. "What are you doing here so late?" 

My teeth chattered from the cold and I said, "Do you mind if I come in, Peter?" 

"Oh, sure ... sure." He said, stepping back and letting me into his living room/dining room. His apartment was small, to be certain, but it was well kept and, right now, very warm. I looked to Peter, as he moved the newspaper he'd been reading from the sofa cushion to make me a spot. 

"No need for that, just yet." I said, slowly unbuttoning my coat before letting it fall to the floor. 

Peter turned just as my coat fell and I heard his sharp intake of breath. I stood before him in a white nightgown that barely brushed my knees. My full, curvy figure was accented by the cut of the gown, and the neckline gave a hint of my ample cleavage. I kicked off the shoes I'd been wearing, and now I was at my regular height of five feet. 

"Sit down and just relax." I said, walking to the sofa and standing before Peter. After he sat, I straddled him to sit upon his lap, my fingers slowly curling into the hair at the base of his neck. "I've come to collect, Peter. You owe me ..." my voice trailed off and I dropped my mouth to his. 

He immediately kissed me back, his arms pulling me in close to his body. I hadn't thought it would be this easy to collect, had thought he would put up some kind of argument, but instead, his tongue parted my lips and met mine in a long, sensuous kiss. My hands moved down to the collar of his robe, pulling it from his neck as I kissed my way from his mouth, over his jaw, and down to his neck. He smelled of soap and his skin was warm and still a little damp from the bath he had taken. As I gently nipped at the soft flesh there, he moaned his approval. 

Peter pulled at the hem of my gown, but didn't remove it. Instead, he slid his hands underneath and began to gently stroke my back while I continued to lick and nibble at his neck. "Yes, oh yes." He whispered against my hair, his breath coming heavy, his fingers kneading my skin.

I drew a deep breath and sat back to look at him. His lopsided grin was even more endearing in this moment than it had ever been before and he kissed me softly. I lost myself in it, and the moment, and plunged forward. 

Placing my hands on the back of the sofa for support, I lifted myself off him and noticed how cool the air was away from his skin. I ran my fingers through the fine hair at his temple, smiled down at him and then dropped to my knees. I went to work slowly, and spoke not a word. I knew what I wanted, what I came to do, and I wasn't leaving until I had received my prize. 

First, I untied the knot in the belt of his robe, exposing his lean body and the smattering of hair that covered his chest and disappeared into the white boxer briefs he wore. I slid up the length of him, placing kisses along the way, stopping to gently tug his right nipple, then his left, before reaching his lips for another kiss. I trailed my way down again, in the same manner, Peter's fingers curled into my hair, watching me as I paid gentle, loving attention to his body. When I reached his tummy, I gently licked his belly button and then traveled further down, placing kisses along the length of his semi-erect cock through the fabric of his boxers. 

Peter groaned softly at the gentle teasing kisses and bites I placed up and down his cock. With one hand, I reached up to carefully massage his balls through the material, as I continued to nuzzle at his crotch, a tease that would surely end well for both of us. 

I lowered the waistband slightly; just enough to lie kisses along the soft flesh between his leg and pubic region. He shuddered as I did so. I replaced the waistband and kissed along the edge where it met his skin, again and again until I reached where the tip of his cock lie just beneath the edge. Again I lowered the band slightly, and placed a lingering kiss to the tip, gently sucking off the first drops of precum that collected there. At this, my name became a ragged sigh from his lips, and then I replaced the band once more. 

I spread Peter's legs a little wider, nuzzled him lower, my hot breath cascading across his balls and by the hand digging into my hair, I knew he was ready. I lifted my head, reached behind him and, as Peter lifted his bottom, I quickly removed the offending garment so that I could have better access. 

Staring down at the length of his beautiful cock, with precum making the tip glisten, I knew that I would have to stay strong with what I wanted or I would be easily swayed into only sucking him off this night. Still, unable to resist, I lowered my mouth onto him, slowly taking him in as deep as I could. His moans and sighs coaxing me on, I licked and sipped the precum from the tip, stroked him with one hand and caressed his balls with the other. His hips began to gently thrust, and, as his fingers combed the hair from the side of my face, he began to fuck my mouth. 

I stole a look up at him, his head was bent and watching as his cock slowly entered and exited my mouth. He grinned at me again, pleasure registering, before he bent his head back to let it drop against the sofa cushion. 

I allowed his fucking for a time, my fingers digging into the skin of his ass cheeks hard enough to leave marks, I was sure. But, as his thrusts began to quicken, I grasped the base of his cock, and slid my mouth off of him.

"No!" he whispered in a voice coated with lust. "No ... don't stop now." He looked up at me, his aquamarine eyes pleading with me to get back down there and finish the job.

"Stop? Darlin', that was just the start." I said, and then straddled him again to slowly slide my wet pussy onto his cock. 

"Oh, fuck ...." He shouted, grabbing my hips and pulling me down harder as he thrusted up to meet me.

I moaned loudly, the pain from his thrust ripping through my midsection. My tight little box unable to take such brute force, and I was brought near to tears because of it. "Just .... Just wait Peter. Wait." I begged, my face buried in his neck my fingers digging into his shoulders. 

"Oh, Lucy. I'm so sorry. I didn't realize." He said, taking my face in his hands and kissing me gently again and again. "I'm so sorry." He said again, 

"It's alright." I whispered against his mouth. "I should have warned you." I kissed him in return, adjusted my body to suit his better. 

"You're so tight. So wonderfully tight." He told me between kisses. "I can barely move." He gently bucked his hips, driving himself deeper into my wet folds. 

"It's alright, baby." I said, wetter now, melting around him, beginning to gently move my hips in time with his. 

Peter grabbed the hem of my nightgown again and pulled it over my head, revealing my lush, full figure of soft belly, big, round tits, and soft plump bottom. "Your tits are amazing, Lucy." He said, before cradling one and bending his head to lick and tease my nipple into a stiff, round peak. 

We stayed locked together like that for a while, gently coaxing one another with words, lips, and tongues. As I moved above him slowly, Peter reached between us and found my clit with his index and middle fingers. With one hand at the back of his neck, I rocked my hips as he stroked me to orgasm. My clit pulsed over and over against his fingers and I kissed him deeply at the moment of my release. 

Wrapping his arms around my back, Peter moved me onto my back on the sofa. Breaking apart for an instant to adjust felt like an eternity and, as he looked down at my body open to him ~ and only him ~ I felt an instant of panic knowing that this moment would be over much too soon. 

Panic turned to passion as Peter slowly slid inside me as far as he could go. My sharp intake of breath caused him to look at me closely, but I reassured him with a kiss. As his cock slowly stroked inside of me, Peter whispered words of affection and endearment. My body wrapped around his, giving myself completely over to him, I rode wave after wave of my second orgasm, and heard Peter whisper against my ear, "Yes, Lucy .... Now!" Before his own climax filled me with his sweet, sticky cum. 

Minutes ticked past and our breathing eventually slowed. Peter moved from me, helped me up, and settled onto the sofa beside me. I stood and dropped my nightgown back over my head, before turning to grab my coat. 

"It's late, you need to get some sleep." I said, as I leaned over and kissed Peter's lips gently. A look of disappointment flashed across his face but his exhaustion was more evident. If I stayed the night, neither of us would sleep at all. 

"I'm sorry, Lucy." Peter said. "You could stay if you'd like." 

I smiled and slid my feet into my shoes. "That's not a good idea, Peter. You know that." 

Peter grinned at me again. "You're probably right." He stood, gathered his robe about him, and walked me to his door. "I'll see you at the office then?"

"Yea." I said, opening the door and stepping back into the cold. "Oh, and Peter?" I said, turning back around to look at him. "The new football pool comes out tomorrow. Think you can stand to lose again?" I asked, grinning up at him.

"Yea," he said quietly. "I think I enjoy losing very much." He leaned over and placed a kiss on my lips. "Good night, Lucy."

"Good night, Peter." And with that I turned and walked toward my car, my thighs sticky with my winnings.