 Hi! My name is Sophie. I'm 23, tall and a brunette. I'm curvy with 32C boobs and I have really lovely blue eyes, so I've been told. I had just gone through an awful break-up, and needed a change. I just needed to get away from everything. So I decided to do something most people only dream and fantasize about; travel the world.

Now, to my tremendous advantage, my dad is a multi-millionaire which helped me finance my travel. He's into the stock markets and all that. I really have no clue what exactly his job entails, but he earns the big bucks. I'm the only kid, and the object of my parents' coddling, so a puppy dog face is enough to get me whatever I want. But let me get one thing straight- I'm no spoilt brat. I have always been a hard worker and I promised him I would pay back every single penny when I got back from my adventures.

Here begins my story.

BALI, INDONESIA.

I've always been a not-so-conservative dresser, and definitely enjoyed the appreciative looks I got when I landed at the airport in Bali, an island in Indonesia. I was wearing a baby pink camisole, coupled with a see-through lace buttoned top and white skin-tight leggings. I was certain the men in front of me were ogling my cleavage as I bent to pick up my bags. I looked straight up at them with a questioning brow, causing them to clear their throats and look away in every other possible direction but mine. I chuckled to myself, walking out with a trolley.

I noticed a well built Indonesian man, probably in his early thirties, holding up a board that said Sophie Wayne. I waved a hand and walked to him.

"You must be Sophie!" he said excitedly. "I'm Nino, from the Imperial Regency, here to escort you to our hotel."

I shook his hand, staring into his deep eyes. Boy, he was gorgeous. "Lovely to meet you, Nino. Can we get going? I'm exhausted."

"Sure, ma'am" he answered, picking up my bags. "Right this way."

It was a 30 minute drive to the hotel, which was a 5 star luxury paradise. I bid farewell to Nino at the entrance, where the hotel staff escorted me to my room, and I flopped down on the soft, comfy bed, drifting into a deep sleep.

I woke up at around dinner time. After a quick shower, I wore a blue sundress with matching blue lace lingerie and walked out to explore. I soon found the restaurant, where I treated myself to a few drinks and some lovely Indonesian crab delicacy.

Suddenly I felt a hand on my shoulder and turned around to look at a couple. The lady extended her hand to me. "Hi, I'm Dora and this is Sam. We're from England, and you look like a tourist just like us, so we thought we'd make some new friends."

I beamed at them. I loved meeting new people. I asked them to join me at the table.

They turned out to be great fun. They had just arrived yesterday and were scheduled to leave three days later, just like me. We had some more drinks and I swear, Sam's eyes were drifting more and more to my tits with each additional drink. I was feeling a little heavy-headed. I looked at my watch and it was 12, so we all decided it was time to head back to our rooms. We said our byes, and I walked back.

I wasn't particularly sleepy, but the alcohol was making my head hurt. I usually sleep naked at home, so I stripped bare, pulled the covers on me and fell asleep.

I awoke to a knock on the door and a voice that called out "Room service."

I called out, "Come in."

A young guy maybe 25, walked in with a tray and looking at me, gasped. I looked at him quizzically for a second before realizing that I was no longer under the covers, which had rolled over to the side, but stark naked in front of him. I saw his eyes taking in my smooth, shaved pussy and my swollen tits, and I smiled inwardly before putting on a face of shock and covering myself with a blanket.

The poor guy had gone red. He stammered a sorry, placed the breakfast tray on a table and walked out in a hurry.

I giggled, feeling a tingle in my stomach. A perfect stranger had just seen me naked! I was into exhibitionism. I loved the thrill of exposing myself.

I looked through the 'activities' brochure in the room, trying to decide what I wanted to do for the day. A massage program caught my eye. The hotel had a lovely spa and sauna, and getting a massage to relax myself was perfect. I wore a sleeveless top and some shorts with purple underwear, and headed straight for the spa.

The spa smelt of jasmine and lavender, with calm, soothing music playing in the background accompanied by the sound of trickling water. The receptionist asked me which massage I wanted to go for. My options were : Shoulder and back massage, foot massage, scalp massage and full body massage. Full body? Hmm, that sounded interesting. I told her I would like the full body massage and she directed me to a room and informed me that the masseuse would be coming soon and that I had to undress and lie on the table.

I took off my top and shorts, leaving my bra and panties on, lying on my back on the table. The door opened and a familiar, gorgeous, muscular man walked in – Nino.

I smiled up at him, "Nino! I didn't know you worked at the spa." He blushed, obviously mesmerized by my semi-naked body and took a few seconds to regain his composure before responding, "Yes, I actually am a trained masseuse, but also work as a chauffeur."

"You have signed up for the full body massage, right?" he continued. 

"Yes."

"Well, I'm gonna need you to take off all your clothes, even your inner wear."

Now it was my turn to blush. I got off the table, turned around and unclipped my bra. I then bent down and pulled down my panties, giving him a good view of my ass. I turned around to face him. I asked coyly, "Is this better?"

He smiled, "Yes, now please lie back down on your stomach, facing down. Just breathe slowly and relax."

I did as I was told. He poured some oil out of a bowl and rubbed it onto my feet. He massaged my feet slowly and gently, working each toe and rubbing both heels. He took his time on each foot. I was enjoying the feel of his strong hands. He asked me, "Would you like me to massage harder? I'm being gentle now, but I can press harder, and you can ask me to increase or decrease the intensity of the massage at any point." I thought about it for a moment and said that gentle was fine for now. He nodded and began working on my calves and thighs.

His fingers ran up right from my calves to the swell of my butt and back down again. Slowly his hands began to massage my butt gently. It felt wonderful. He rubbed in circles around my ass, kneading the soft flesh. The warm oil coupled with his firm hands was magical. He worked his way up to my back, his hands massaging my sides. His hands found their way higher, brushing the sides of my boobs. I let out an inwardly gasp. I was beginning to get quite aroused.

He then asked me to flip over and lie on my back. This time he started with my stomach, pouring the warm oil over it and rubbing my lean tummy. He gradually went higher, cupping my boobs gently and massaging just under them. My nipples were taut, pointing upwards, and I desperately wanted him to rub them. He then began massaging my neck and the part above my boobs, ignoring my tits altogether. I was dismayed, maybe this wasn't a literal full body massage, but no sooner than I thought this, that his hands ran over my boobs in one fluid motion, brushing over my hard nipples. I smiled, looking up at him as his hands kneaded and massaged my boobs. He pinched my nipples ever so slightly, making me moan softly, and he smiled, clearly enjoying himself. He spent a good five minutes on just my boobs, squeezing them and tugging on my nipples. By then, I was very horny, and felt a tingling in my pussy as I knew that that was where his hands were going next.

And as expected, he asked me to spread my legs, looked hungrily down at my wet pussy and poured some oil right through the slit. I moaned, feeling the warm oil trickling down my pussy, mixing with my wetness. His fingers delved right between my legs, slowly massaging my pussy lips up and down, while one finger caressed my clit, rubbing it slowly. I could notice a visible bulge in his pants, realizing that he was just as aroused as I was. I gasped as he surprised me by sliding a finger easily into me, thrusting it in slowly and gently. My breathing was quickening. He lifted my legs, folding them up, and told me to hold my legs close to my chest. He trailed a finger right from the top of my pussy to my tight butthole, circling it slowly, while still fingering my pussy with another finger. Without wasting a second, he pushed a finger, lubricated with oil, into my butt. I moaned, feeling both my pussy and ass being stimulated at the same time. I whispered to him, "I'd like to increase the intensity of the massage now, go harder please."

He obeyed, thrusting his fingers quicker, and I felt my stomach tighten, my pussy quiver in anticipation of an orgasm as I moaned louder. Suddenly I felt his fingers leave both holes. What the hell, I thought to myself, but was pleasantly surprised as I looked up to see him drop his pants, his hard cock springing out.

"May I?" he asked politely. I giggled. Someone was asking me permission to fuck me. I wanted some dirty talk, so I replied, "May you what?"

"May I put my cock in your pussy?" he replied, grinning.

"Why?" I teased.

He sensed I wanted a brazen reply and leaned close to me, whispering, "I want to bang you nice and hard, leave you moaning and wanting more."

I gasped. Without waiting for a reply, he thrust in me. I felt my pussy stretching to take in his cock and moaned. His fingers rubbed my boobs as he kept thrusting, increasing his speed with each thrust. I could feel him sliding deeper and deeper into my pussy. I felt my orgasm building up and I groaned, my pussy spasming over his cock. He followed, getting his cock out just before orgasming and shooting strands of warm, white cum across my stomach and tits. I scooped up some cum with my fingers and licked them up, tasting his salty juices. I have always loved tasting cum.

"Delicious" I winked up at him, smiling. He handed me a towel to clean off and waited till I got dressed, before kissing me on the cheek and escorting me out.

-Lots more to come! Please leave your comments! Thank you-