 The semester was winding down and Jake had finished studying for the day. He headed to Rachel's apartment because she had a DVD player and she wanted to watch a new release. They had been friends for a couple of years and although there had been mutual attraction, the timing had always been off.

Rachel had been tanning in the early afternoon by the pool reading up for her modern lit author's paper. She was in the midst of changing when she heard Jake knock. She pulled on a pair of boxers to answer the door. 

"Hey, ya wanna watch this?" Jake asked, holding up the box and taking in her glistening skin. 

Rachel smiled unconsciously arching her back in response to his gaze, "Can I take a shower first?" 

"Nah, you look great. C'mon," Jake said, heading into the living room and setting a six-pack on the kitchen counter. 

He pulled one out and handed it to her. The air conditioning and beer worked on her sun baked body and she plopped down waiting for the movie to begin. Jake laid on the floor a couple of feet in front of her. He had a disarming disposition, and when he stretched out his body on the floor he had an enticing presence that she had long ago recognized. 

Her friends had mentioned it wondering if it was intentional, but Rachel had learned it was simply Jake. He was very attractive, and blissfully unaware of it, preferring to be kind of goofy and always laughing. Rachel studied his body while he squirmed on the floor getting comfortable. His shirt pulled up and she could see the tan skin and muscled lines of his stomach. 

"You want a pillow?" she asked turning to her left to grab one.

Jake glanced backwards and froze. Time hung, as Rachel seemed to move in slow motion to get the pillow. When she looked back at him his expression was so startled, she asked, "You OK?" 

"Yeah... sure," he responded, as the pillow sailed from her hand onto his stomach tearing his gaze away from her. 

He propped the pillow under his head and turned back to the screen. He knew she was unsuspecting and he kept stealing glances. Her skin was flawless and his line of sight completely unimpeded as it traveled passed the bottom of her bare pink feet, past her calf, and then directly along her thigh. She had trimmed her black pubic hair into a steep triangle pointing down to her slit. It looked as if she had run clippers to make it all the same length. 

Minutes went by and Jake noticed Rachel's eyes fluttering shut. He was emboldened as her eyes closed and he studied her body closer. She had black hair that was pulled around her neck and lay straight down on her shoulder traveling down to cover the upper portion of her right breast. Her bright pink bikini top was filled with her nipples pressing distinctly into the fabric. Rachel shifted, which spread her hairless outer lips revealing soft pink skin. 

Jake moved closer, "Do you want a lick?" he asked fixated. 

She wasn't sure what she heard, but she answered, "Sure," because the question seemed inexplicable.

When his hands rested inside her thighs, Rachel's heart raced as her eyes popped open and fastened onto Jake's. The significance of his question registered now. Jake held her gaze while she held her breath. The appeal of the question conflicted with her expectations, defying their friendship in a simple inconsequential tone. She lowered her gaze ascertaining how he had been drawn to her. She was complicit and Jake moved the material of her boxers as Rachel slid closer to the edge of the couch. She saw his tongue reach towards her, spreading her with warmth and soft pressure. 

"Amy's here!" Rachel warned. 

Jake sucked gently on her clit and flicked it with his tongue, then looked up. "I can lick her too, if you like," he added with a mischievous grin. 

"No! What if she sees?" Rachel countered glancing back at the hall. 

"She can watch," he shrugged, gently grazing her clit with his teeth. "Can I take these off?" He asked softly tugging on her shorts. 

Rachel glanced over her shoulder again. Pulling her legs together she slid her shorts up over her knees and dropped them in front of Jake. Her legs came down and remained together as she looked at him unsure of her own intentions. 

He smiled warmly, "You'll like this. You know how the counselors say 'Do something you love, and you'll never work a day in your life?' This is one of those things. I love this. I love how you taste, I love how you look, the scent, the warmth, the feel on my tongue and my lips, and I'm really good at it, but if I do anything that makes you uncomfortable or if there's something you really want me to do let me know, because I really want you to enjoy it, I want you to move your hips and pull my head into you, and hey, maybe you can improve my technique." 

He placed his hands on her knees and then waited until she spread of her own will. He slid his hand over her pubic hair and down through her slit. "This is very sexy. You are very pretty? Sexy? Hot? I dunno, ya just make my dick hard and I want to make you cum." 

The heat of his mouth pressed down on her as he slid two fingers inside. Rachel pulled her knees up lifting her pelvis into his mouth. "God! You're turning me on!" Jake whispered, "Do you like this?" 

He grinned as he slid a wet finger against her other hole. Rachel jumped and Jake bent to his task flicking his tongue across her clit and slowly pumping his fingers in and out of her open pussy. 

Suddenly Amy could be heard in the hallway. Rachel's eyes flashed fear as Jake looked up pausing with an amused expression and leaving two fingers in place. From the hallway, "What are you guys watching?" 

Rachel's voice quivered as she answered. "Cool! Hey Jake, leave it here and I'll watch it after class." Amy spouted heading out the door.

Jake mocked her worried expression and beamed sardonically at Rachel as he began pumping his fingers again and shouted, "OK, see you later." 

He then attacked Rachel with his mouth sucking hard on her pussy lips and dragging his teeth gently against her clit. Rachel gasped, "Bye." She pushed up into him as the door closed behind Amy, adding, "Fuck! I thought we were dead." 

Jake paused and commanded, "Take off your top." 

Rachel sat up and undid the bows looking vulnerable and insecure. "You know I've always thought you were pretty, but that look has got to be the sexiest look I've ever seen in my life." 

Rachel smiled as she set the top down next to her and leaned back onto the couch. "That's pretty sexy, too. Do you like this?" he asked rubbing a wet finger over her asshole and up through her lips then down again. 

Rachel shuddered, but before she could answer.

"How about this?" His tongue retraced the path and electricity shot through Rachel's body. She didn't say anything, but Jake knew. 

Rachel reclined on the couch with her knees pulled up completely trusting Jake. He stood and pulled off his t-shirt then slid off his shorts and boxers. "Holy shit! I'm so turned on I'm dripping." Jake exclaimed as he jerked his erect cock upward to examine it. 

Jake stepped up in-between her thighs and stroked himself, letting a clear drop of precum stretch then finally drop onto Rachel's abdomen. He was proud of himself and she had never seen that side of him, but his confidence was even more consequential holding out a promise for her. He stepped back and reached for her hand pulling her to a standing position. 

"Wow!" he gazed, "Alright, it'll really turn me on if you kneel on the couch and rest your arms and head on the back. Trust me; I'll make sure you like this." 

Rachel glanced at him wavering, and he pulled deliberately on his cock saying, "Rachel, if you keep looking at me like that, I'm going to cum right here. 

Rachel smiled and demurely eased onto the couch. "Yeah! Now arch your back and stick your ass out." 

She submitted as she asked, "What are you going to do?" 

He laughed, "I'm going to lick you until you're shaking and you cum all over me." 

Rachel arched, offering herself to him wanting his tongue and fingers to ravage her. He was everywhere stroking her thighs and cheeks while his mouth and tongue explored every detail from her clit to the small of her back. She felt him snaking into her and pushed back beginning to shake with the excitement.

Suddenly Rachel heard keys in the door. Her body began to shudder as Jake tongued and fingered her. In dismay, she watched as Amy walked down the hallway into her bedroom. Rachel closed her eyes feeling her body contract. 

From another world, Jake stated gruffly , "Hey, Rachel. I'm sorry but we can't stop now." 

Jake's tongue danced along dipping into both of her holes. Rachel quivered and she could hear herself growling. Suddenly she felt Jake's cock pushing into her gaping pussy. 

"Yes! Fuck me!" she screamed as he slid completely insider her. 

He was working, pounding Rachel with full fast strokes keeping her orgasm continually throbbing, wracking her body. Jake pulled out and she felt his semen spray across her back, then his head rubbing against her, partially penetrating both holes before rapidly softening.

Momentarily, she glanced at Amy, who stood in the hallway with her mouth hanging open. "I had to get my books... I've got to get to class... I left my car running." Bewildered, she grabbed her stuff and headed out the door, "Hey, I thought you said that you two were just friends." 

Rachel stood and collected her thoughts while watching Jake idly jack off. He was naked with a sheen of sweat covering his body, a quixotic smile and an ebullient question begging to be spoken by his facial expression. Rachel studied him. She loved his defined abdominals, subtle pecs and how his tricep bulged as he masturbated. She pulled him to her, rising up on her tip toes and kissed him deliberately yet softly, pulling back to look in his eyes. 

He squirmed glancing away then returning her gaze, "So how clueless have I been? You are unbelievable and I've seen you, what... every day for the last two and a half school years?" 

Rachel kissed him again giggling to herself, "I knew, it just took you a little longer to figure it out." She kissed him feeling his arms pulling her into him and the kiss returned.