 I'm new to this so please be gentle. xx sexichick69

---

It was the summer before I went to college. I had just started my very first job down at the local diner waitressing to save up some money to support myself through my freshman year. My town was relatively small, but I made good money, mostly from tips. The old farmers liked my genuine smile and the young men liked my trim figure and how it looked in my tight Moonlight Diner polo. I worked 6 days a week and had little time for a social life. My high school friends were moving on without me, going to parties, shopping, going to see a movie the next town over. They used to invite me along, but after a while they stopped calling. I didn't have a boyfriend, mostly due to the fact that I just didn't have the time. But I enjoyed my job. I liked talking to the customers, seeing the regulars grin when I brought them what they wanted without even taking their order. I was happy with my life.

It was June 27th, the hottest day that summer. My shift had just ended and I was sliding into my car. I slid the key into the ignition, anxious for that first cool blast of air from the vent, but all that came was a grinding sound. I tried again and still, nothing. I smacked the dash and jumped when there was a tap on my window.

"Need some help Brie?" It was Tyler, the cook. 

"Maybe... I don't know what's wrong. It worked this morning." He ran a hand through his blond hair and grinned.

"Let's have a look. Pop the hood." I pulled the latch and stepped out of the car. Tyler was bent across the engine tinkering with something. "Looks like your battery wires are frayed. You are going to need a new one."

"How much do those cost?"

"Depends. Could be $60."

"Ugh ok. I guess I better call my dad to come get me."

"No need for that. I just got off too. I can give you a ride if you want." 

"Sure. Do you know where I live?"

"Highland road right?"

"Yep." I followed him to his pick up truck. It was a monster. The wheels came up to my waist. I surveyed the distance from the ground, wondering whether I needed a running start, when I felt a hand on my waist.

"Need a boost?" I laughed and nodded. He hoisted me up by the waist and sat me in the seat. I was shocked at how easily he had lifted me, like I barely weighed 10 pounds and not the 120 that I actually did. My stomach quivered as I saw the muscles in his arms ripple as he pulled himself into the driver's seat. I had never really taken much notice of him before. He had been a year ahead of me in high school, and since he worked back in the kitchen, I rarely saw him. But now I surveyed him more thoroughly. He had sandy blond hair that fell into his eyes, and an easy smile that spread across his whole face and revealed a dimple in the left side of his tan face. I couldn't believe I had never noticed how... hot he was. My goodness! I stared at his hands on the steering wheel, the hands that had just been wrapped around my waist, and I blushed. My mind began to wander, wondering what he would do if I slid closer, placed a hand on his thigh, but shyness kept these ideas inside my head. I heard him clear his throat and I glanced up, shocked we were already at my house. "Day dreamin' over there?"

"Uh, something like that." I stammered, praying he didn't know just how right he was. I opened my door and stared down at the ground, a good 3 feet away.

"Want some help."

"Maybe..." He laughed again and slid out, coming around the front of the truck to stand in front of me. Once again he slid his tanned arms around me, lifting me to the ground. We were so close I could smell him, a mixture of after shave and frying oil. It wasn't altogether unpleasant. I glanced up into his face, realizing that he still had his arms around me. He was looking at me intently, a small smile playing on his lips.

"You know Brie, I always thought you were the prettiest girl in Clermont." I giggled nervously and playfully swatted his arm, but the look on his face told me that he wasn't joking. My breath became ragged as his face moved closer to mine. My heart pounded like a jack hammer. His lips touched mine carefully and I felt the blood rush to my face. Suddenly, my body wasn't my own. My hands reached up to tangle in his hair and I crushed my lips against his. A small moan escaped my lips as I felt him pull me closer, pressing me up against the truck. His tongue flicked out and I opened my lips, greedily accepting it. A fire was gathering between my legs and I felt his erection pressing into my thigh. His hand reached up to cup my breast and another moan escaped me. 

"Oh Tyler," I moaned into his mouth. Suddenly he pulled away and took a step back. 

"What's wrong?" I began to panic, thinking I had done something wrong.

"God, nothing. But we are out on the street and if we do that anymore I might rip off your clothes and take you right here." I felt the fire between my legs increase at these words.

"Do you... do you want to come inside? My parents aren't home and won't be for," I glanced at my watch, "Well, like 4 hours." He didn't reply, just grabbed my hand and began to walk towards my door. I fumbled with the key, and finally got the door open. As soon as it shut Tyler's lips were on mine once again.

"Where's your room?" I mumbled incoherently, and pointed towards my door. We stumbled backwards, nearly falling more than once, but finally made it inside, shutting the door behind us. Tyler's hands reached up to cup my breasts once more, pulling on my erect nipples through the fabric. I couldn't stop a sigh from escaping me as he reached down and began to remove my shirt. Now it was his turn to moan as he took in my well rounded breasts encased in my lacy pink bra. "Oh god I might just cum right now."

I reached behind me, unclasping it, and let it slide down my shoulders, fully revealing my globes to him. Suddenly I was tossed on my bed and Tyler was on top of me, taking a firm nipple in his mouth. The fire was still building and I was practically crying in need of release. As if reading my mind, his hand slid down my belly, finding the zipper to my pants. I lifted my ass, allowing him to slide them off. I now lay in front of him in just my lacey thong.

"It's not fair that you are the only one getting a show." I said as I sat up and tugged on his shirt, revealing a chiseled chest and a light line of hair snaking down to his waist. He climbed of the bed and removed his pants and boxers, revealing his cock to me for the first time. I felt my pussy clench, knowing how it would feel to take him inside me. "Tyler, you are so hot. Fuck me now. I need you inside me."

He didn't need to be told twice as he slid back on top of me, removing my panties to reveal my naked pussy, sopping wet. I felt him place the head of his cock inside me and I couldn't help but yell out, "Oh fuck Tyler, slam your dick inside me!" He pounded into me and began to fuck me mercilessly. I moaned and screamed as I felt my pussy being assaulted by his large cock. The fire that had been building was a raging inferno now and I knew that I was close to cumming. "Tyler, I'm gonna cum. Oh god, gonna cum."

He reached down and began to stroke my clit. "Come on Brie, cum for me. Cum on my dick. Squeeze your tight little pussy down on me. Cum!" His words sent me over the edge, and the fire consumed me. My body shook as wave after wave of pleasure washed over me. "Oh baby that feels so good. You are going to make me cum."

"Oh cum. Cum Tyler. Cum in my pussy! Yeah baby cum inside me!" He grunted and I felt him begin to unload inside me. Another orgasm washed over me as the last bit shot onto my belly as he pulled out. 

"Wow." I whispered, when he had rolled off me. "Wanna give me a ride home again tomorrow?"

"Oh you bet baby."