 As you lay down on your bed on your stomach, I climb, naked, on your back, my body settling over and straddling your hips, my legs pressing against your waist, my hairs tickling your back and ass lightly.

My warm hands move firmly to your shoulders, rubbing and squeezing slowly. They move in slow circles over your hot skin, my fingers tantalizing your muscles. My hands move over your shoulders and down to your arms, squeezing the tight muscles and kneading your flesh. Moving back up over your shoulders, my fingers move to your hard neck, rubbing lightly, my fingers work up under your hair moving upward as they flex and massage. I lean down and touch my lips lightly to the back of your neck. I can feel the shudder run down the length of your back, where it connects with the flesh of my stomach, sending a shudder through me.

I run my tongue along your neck to your ear, my hands still working over your shoulders and neck, and gently suck your earlobe in my mouth. I flick it lightly with the tip of my tongue, and slowly run it into the inner ridges, licking lightly around the inside of your ear. Again, you shudder...again I shudder. My nipples rub lightly over your hard back, gooseflesh rising wherever they touch.

I sit back lightly, moving my hips to settle more intimately across yours, the hairs tickling you. My hands begin to move down your back to your waist, moving in slow flexing circles around the taut muscles. Leaning down again, as my fingers work into your skin, and slowly run my tongue down along your spine. You lift your head from your arms slightly, your eyes closed, and moan quietly. My lips kiss their way upwards along the same path as my tongue.

Scooting down off your hips to settle between your outstretched legs, my hands begin to work on your hard thighs, kneading and squeezing them firmly. I lean my head down and kiss the back of your thighs and lick from your knees to your balls on the inside of your legs. You moan again, louder this time, as my lips lightly touch your balls. My tongue darts out to lick them lightly, tasting your flavor eagerly. I can feel you jump slightly as my mouth opens to take them fully in my mouth, my hands still kneading your thighs. I sit up and begin to work my fingers in the muscles of your calves, my lips touching lightly where my hands had already been. Scoring my nails up the backsides of your legs, my hands settle on your ass cheeks, kneading and squeezing them firmly. I lean down and kiss each one lightly.

Sitting up and motioning for you to roll over, you slowly roll to your back. Your cock stands up straight as evidence of the erotic effect of the massage. Running my hands and nails up the tops of your thighs, they skirt harmlessly over your hips to your stomach. I sit up and settle across your lap, my pussy warm and wet against your skin. You reach up to me, motioning me to come down to you, but I innocently push your hands aside. "It's not time yet, baby..soon." I begin to knead your stomach with my fingertips, the flesh hot and taut beneath my hands. My hands begin their travel up your body to settle across your chest. They knead your pectoral muscles firmly, the nubs of your nipples becoming hard pebbles. Both nipples slide between my fingers and get pinched as my hands clench lightly.

I lean down and take one in my mouth, licking and sucking it to ease the mild pain. Then my mouth moves to the other, copying the same motions, my hands working over the skin on the sides of your body. My nipples brush over your belly, becoming hard, taut nubs. I move my shoulders slightly, causing them to move in small circles over your skin. Dragging them up your body, they settle heavily on your chest as my lips move from your nipple to your neck. My lips touch your hot skin lightly in several tiny little kisses. I can feel your warm rough hands moving up over my own back, the skin tingling where you've touched. I lick my way around your neck to your ear, once again sucking the earlobe into my mouth and flicking it with my tongue.

Moving up to lightly touch your lips with mine, I eagerly suck your tongue into my mouth, our tongues moving excitedly around each other. You reach your hands between us, cupping my tits with your hot hands, and tease the nipples with your fingertips. Firmly pinching them between your fingertips, I moan quietly into your mouth. I can feel your long hard cock nestled between my legs, pressing firmly against my pussy and clit. I wiggle my hips. You jump slightly...I jump. Kissing you one more time, I sit back and move my mouth down your body. My hands knead your skin firmly as I settle down on my knees between your legs.

Tossing my head back to get all my long hair out of the way, I take your cock in my hand and begin to stroke lightly, my hand squeezing firmly. I can feel your hands on my shoulders, one moving to stroke my jaw, the other rubbing my skin. You clench your hand in my hair. I continue to stroke your cock firmly as my eyes slowly move up your body and meet yours. I look deep into your eyes. My eyes are still locked with yours as I lower my head and take your cock fully into my mouth. I engulf it entirely until I feel the head pressed hotly against the back of my throat. I hear you moan loudly. I begin measuring the length of you inch by long inch with my lips as I pull back slowly. My lips stop at the head of your cock, my tongue licking around it, and I begin to suck on the swollen head. My hand strokes you firmly, your clenched hand hot in my hair. Again I take the full length of you in my mouth, my hand stroking down the length in front of my mouth. As my hot wet mouth begins to bob up and down on your cock, my hand strokes firmly where my mouth had just been, hand and mouth moving in unison. I twist and stroke my hand around your thickness as it continues to stroke you. Moaning as my mouth feasts on your cock, I can hear you also moan. Moving my mouth and hand up and down your hard cock, I can feel your hand tugging at my hair.

For several long minutes, I continue to dine on your delicacy. As I feel your cock begin to swell slightly, I remove my mouth and settle my pussy down over the top of your big cock, lowering myself down until you are finally, completely cocooned within my hot wet pussy. We both moan loudly. Putting your hands on my hips, you begin to lift and lower me, your hips rising to meet me, as you begin to move inside me. I put my hands on your chest to support me as we move in unison, my nails digging lightly into your skin. I throw my head back and arch my back as I feel your swollen cock moving within me. You sit up slightly to engulf first one nipple and then the other in your burning mouth. You suck each nipple to hardness as your cock begins to pound harder and harder in my pussy, your balls slapping loudly against my ass. Taking my face in your hands, you kiss me deeply, our tongues mating as intimately as our bodies.

Moving faster and harder, we can feel the climax begin to cascade through our bodies. Pushing you down onto your back, I move up and down faster. You again direct my movements with your hands on my hips. As you begin to cum, shooting far up inside me, I lift myself up slightly. As I can feel you filling my pussy with your hot cum, I start cumming. My pussy juices combine with yours as my hot cum spurts out, running hotly down your cock and shooting onto your belly. You thrust your cock hard inside me 
 again as the waves of orgasm light through our bodies quickly.

After what seems an eternity, I settle my body down on top of yours, our bodies still connected intimately, and fight to regain our breath. You wrap your strong arms around my back and pull me tight against you. When I can breathe again, I raise my face to look into your eyes. You smile sweetly at me and pull me down to kiss you deeply. Content, I sigh and lay my cheek down on your strong chest. Together, satiated and exhausted we settle in for a little nap...