 'Hey Claire?' a female voice echoed from around the corner.

Claire had been copying a subpoena but ceased upon hearing this summons. 'Yeah?' she enquired, stepping into Jade's office.

Jade, a graduate solicitor, had a desk that was a mess of client folders and stacks of information releases pertaining to various applications she was completing. She shuffled amongst the documents, fingers flipping through pages as she posed the question: 'Are you seeing anybody?'

Claire raised an eyebrow and replied 'Yes, but it's not serious. Why's that?'

'One of my friend's is finishing up his philosophy masters and I thought you might like to join me and him for trivia on Thursday night.'

'Oh, thanks Jade,' Claire began, 'but I don't date boys.'

Jade paused from her shuffling, looking at the dark-blonde assistant, before blinking and gave an embarrassed smile. 'Oh that's cool, sorry I just thought-'

'No it's fine. I haven't mentioned it before so you wouldn't have reason to know. Actually, sorry, you were suggesting that I meet him for prospective dating purposes weren't you..? I mean I just assumed but I could be wro-'

Jade interjected with, 'No you were right, I thought you might like him but- I mean obviously that's not- well, yeah it's all good.'

Smiling, Claire finished: 'Okay well no problems, though you can definitely come to me with any female philosophers, for future reference.' With a wink and a cheeky smile, she left the room to continue her earlier task.

Jade shook her head and stared at the papers on her desk vacantly as she processed her sense of awkwardness at the proposition she'd made. She took a deep breath and continued searching for the affidavit she'd been looking for.

-----

The firm at which Jade and Claire were employed involved itself by majority with workplace accident compensation suits against employers and their insurers. Those matters that weren't related to worker's compensation, were others in the realm of Personal Injury. Always, the firm was engaged to act on behalf of the injured party. Given the intensity of the issues and severity of bodily and/or mental injuries suffered by their clients, the staff at the firm frequently engaged in social outings as a cohort, usually taking place on a Friday evening after hours. 

On this particular Friday, the various solicitors and support staff made their way through to a funky, low lit restaurant called 'Little Rocks'.

Claire and Jade sat opposite each other at the far end of the table, bantering with their colleagues about various clients, judges, and barristers. As meals started to be served and the second and third rounds of drinks were being consumed, Jade asked Claire, 'So who's this person you said you're seeing?'

Claire shelled a piece of lobster in her seafood tagliatelle and described her lover, 'She's doing her Honours year in an Environments undergrad. We met a couple of weeks ago and she's pretty fun to hang out with. We get along.'

'So do you see it going anywhere?'

'No, I like to be on my own a lot and it's not like there's some whiz-bang chemistry thing going on. She's just someone to spend time with, and for that alone she's a good person for the job.'

'Does she feel that way?'

'She definitely likes me more than I like her but I've not overplayed my cards or anything. I haven't said things like "I miss you" or "I'm looking forward to seeing you again" or anything. We make plans for when we're free and she doesn't crowd me. It works.'

Jade raised her brows and started loading up her fork with gnocchi puttanesca. She'd asked for extra capers and olives, the chilli making her feel heated and flushed, even if her tan didn't give it away. 'I don't think I've ever dated someone and been on quite so casual a basis.'

'Well it doesn't work for everyone,' Claire continued. 'I have had plenty of instances where I only dated the girl because I was really into her. For some reason, at this point in time, I'm very nonchalant about my romantic life. I enjoy Melanie's company but I'm not swept away or anything. It's not something I expect to last in any case. If it gets to the point where her feelings are clearly getting stronger in a way that is a bit more permanent than I want, I'll just break it off. I'm kind of just killing time, I guess, however that might sound.'

Jade nodded, 'well whatever works for you.' She smiled and listened as Claire posed a return interrogative.

'So how did you and your boyfriend meet?'

'We met at uni. It took a few years before we got together though. The timing was never right. I was in a relationship, or he was, then I studied overseas and went travelling...but it is working now and I'm actually pretty much madly in love.'

'Awww' Claire cooed. 'That's really sweet. My sister and her boyfriend are in love as well. It's both cute and also mildly nauseating at times.' She poked her tongue out cheekily.

Jade blushed, having sensed she was being simultaneously teased along with Claire's sister. She sat up straight, stiffening her back and felt blood pounding in her veins, whether from the chilli or the blush she didn't know, and replied: 'yeah? Well lucky I don't care if you think I'm nauseating. I enjoy it.'

Claire raised an eyebrow and one corner of her lips quirked up in a half-smile. 'Good, independence is a very attractive quality. Just enjoy what you're feeling as you feel it I say.'

---------

Jade had arrived home after dinner somewhat tipsy and fairly exhausted. The train trip out and subsequent walk home from the station had left her warm and eager to shower, get some clean pyjamas on and crawl into bed with her (by now usually asleep) lover. Snuggling in, she wriggled so the length of her body was flush with his. He automatically stretched his arm over her and pulled her tight up against him.

This proximity against the back of her thighs was always one that had an erogenous effect on her. She pressed back against her boyfriend and felt him moan happily into her hair. Grinding, she felt a hardness grow and press into her butt; the thought of Adam's erect penis caused the familiar spreading of heat through her groin and a yearning to touch him.

She turned in his arms and kissed him on the mouth. He was both roused and incredibly aroused by this point and so he returned her passionate embrace, gliding one hand along her back, down to her thigh and then he pulled her leg up so it hooked around his hip. They ground against each other, breathing getting heavier, each feeling the heat and moistness at their crotches grow, the pressure both exquisite and simultaneously lacking. There was something yet to come that would feel oh so much better. This, more aggressive type of foreplay which they engaged in on a semi-regular basis, was soon to be eclipsed.

Adam pushed his hand from where it had been rubbing Jade's butt to her breast, kneading and tweaking her nipples. She pushed her chest against his fingers, aching for him to twist her nipples harder. The pressure of his hardness against her clit, even through the layers of pyjamas, combined with the sensation at her tits was a perfect trinity of sensation. 

Filled with lust, she shoved her hand down the front of his trousers and started rubbing the precum at the tip of his dick along his shaft, sliding his foreskin back and forth until she was eliciting loud groans of pleasure from her lover.

He matched her actions by moving on to pushing down her pyjama pants (she wriggled and kicked her legs about wildly to get the pants off whilst staying in the warm entanglement of boyfriend and doona) and then thrusting his hand into her panties, wetting his fingers against the entrance to her vagina and then sliding them up to her clit.

They masturbated each other, moaning and breathing hard into each other's mouths before Jade, her imagination getting the better of her at-best limited patience in sex, pushed him away, knelt up in the bed and pulled Adam's pyjama bottoms down. She slid off her own panties, wrangling them off her legs before mounting her boyfriend. 

She pulled off her pyjama top and ran her fingernails along Adam's bare chest.

'God I'm gonna fuck you so good.' He said to her. She moaned as she slid her sex up against his cock, wetting it with her pussy juice. She loved dirty talk, she loved fucking him. She loved the sex and she loved being filled with his hard, throbbing dick. 

'You you better. I'm gonna slip your cock inside me now and ride you real good. Are you gonna be a good boy and hold my hips while I bounce on your cock? Are you?' As she said this she rose up and moved the head of his penis against her labia minora, tantalisingly close to her vagina and at the point where even if they'd both wanted to stop it or something had gotten in the way it would take gargantuan self-control to pull back.

'Oh I'm gonna be so good. I'm gonna be so good baby, yeah.' 

She slid down on his cock and he moaned, 'Yeah take all that cock baby' as he threw his head back and breathed deeply, moaning at the feeling of her tight pussy enveloping his member.

She slid herself up and down his throbbing pole, her hands twisting her nipples, lifting herself off him and then crashing down, feeling the tip of his penis slide so deep within her. As he held her hips and his mouth gaped open, breathing ragged she leaned forward so her tits, small and pert, hung slightly and trembled with each undulation of her hips.

His moaning got to a peak and then he flipped them both. She was on her back and her legs were splayed either side. He withdrew his penis and rubbed his hands over his cock before running the same palm against her pussy. He slid his fingers over her vagina and clit, feeling the wetness and taking in the sight of her.

'Adam you better fuck me. Stick that big cock inside me.'

He leaned his hips forward and, one hand on her thigh and the other at his cock, he guided his penis inside of her. Her legs spread wider, she propped herself up on her elbows and watched him sink inside her pussy, feeling the head of his cock stroke against her G-spot. 

As he grabbed her hips and started thrusting into her, she moaned loud.

'Oh fuck yeah, oh yeah, fuck, fuck, fuck, Unh! Unh! Yeah fuck me Adam, oh yeah fuck me. Fuck me just like that. Oh yeah, you know how bad I want it. Fuck you fuck me sooo goood. Just keep doing that oh- oh!' He picked up the tempo of his thrusts til he was slamming in to her hard and fast.

'Oh fuck yeah. Oh fuck yeah. Oh fuck. Oh fuck!' She felt the familiar heaviness spreading from her g-spot. The tingles in her legs and breasts, that stretched through her clit were building and she knew a vaginal orgasm was going to crash through her soon. 

'Yeah take it Jade. Take that cock bitch. Yeah you like that. Like taking my cock in your pussy. Like it slammed in there nice and tight. You better come on my cock baby. You better come all over my cock and I'm gonna come inside you.'

Jade moaned right back at her lover, her orgasm mere heartbeats away. Her breasts bounced with the tempo of their intense fucking.

'Oh fuck Adam. Fuck me harder, harder, HARDER! HARDER! FUCK! FUCK! You better come inside me. Fuck come inside me! Fuck! FUCK! FUUUCK UNNNNNNNNHHHHHHH!!!!!!'

She came, her pussy milking his cock and she twitched around his penis. Her legs spasmed hard and senselessly. As she came he felt his member ground against and he continued pounding her pussy until he felt the warm tingling in his balls and he spurted his jizz deep into her vagina. 

He collapsed to the side and she trembled, warm and smiley, in his arms. When she could muster the strength, she stumbled to the ensuite and cleaned herself before putting on clean underwear. He did the same. 

She wrapped her body around his as she spooned him from behind. He curled into a ball and began to softly snore. She kissed the nape of his neck and drifted off to sleep.

-------------

She dreamed.

Her consciousness in the dream came to in the midst of the act. Her jacket and shirt were torn open at the front, leaving her breasts bare. Her nipples stood erect, aching for attention. Her legs were dangling over the edge of whatever it was she was seated on and she leaned back on one arm, whilst with her opposite hand, she tweaked and twisted one of her nipples. Beneath her thighs she felt a body pushing up, and she knew they were the shoulders of her lover, of the person who was at that moment lapping their tongue against her panties, pushing hard to rub her clit as she moaned into the night. She felt her blood pulsing hard and the throbbing and satiation of the lust she felt was exquisite.

She didn't hear anything, but she knew that she was saying to her lover that she was about to come, and the heightened sensations caused her to wake up.

--------------------------

Jade's sleepy eyes started to make sense of the dim light around them: it must have been 5 or 6am. She looked down to her groin to see her legs bent slightly, her boyfriend's arms underneath them, holding her thighs and pushing his face into her groin. Her breathing was hard. Her chest heaved as she closed her eyes again and pictured that it was the lover from her dream going down on her. She imagined Claire's tongue sliding over her clit, her hands tugging at Jade's nipples and Jade moaned to Adam that she was going to come, and come she did: hard and forceful against his mouth.

In the aftermath of her orgasm, she lay recollecting herself and after satisfying Adam's lust with a return of attentions orally, she returned to laying in bed cuddled up to him whilst pondering to herself the effects of her dream before falling back to sleep again.