 Still buzzing from her tremendous orgasm in the tub, Laura dressed in a pair of red silk panties and matching bra, slipped a pair of well-worn jeans over her curvy hips. She pulled a hooded sweatshirt over her damp red curly hair—it always went curly when wet. She smeared on some lipstick, quickly applied some shadow and liner to her cat-like eyes and grinned mischievously. 

She was heading to Syracuse and Jake didn’t even know it yet. She shoved her feet into a pair of woolen socks after carefully applying two coats of bright red polish to her toenails, a shade darker than that on her fingers. Yanking on her hiking boots, she flipped off the lights to her home and headed out the front door with her knapsack slung over her shoulder and her leather coat in her hand.

That didn’t take long, she mused, as she looked at her watch. Just a little after nine. She should be in Syracuse before midnight. She had hunted up Jake’s address online and printed out a map. According to the paper, she should be in the city in 2.4 hours, providing she didn’t get lost in the process.

As she hit the border crossing, Laura’s nerves jangled. She was really going to meet him. 

“Citizenship?”

“Canadian,” she told the port authority.

“Where are you going?”

“Syracuse,” she said. Saying that word made it seem so real. 

“And what is your purpose?”

“I’m meeting a friend,” she told him.

“Have you ever been there before?” The immigration officer looked menacing and his line of questioning seemed a little personal.

“No, actually, I haven’t been there before. I’m meeting a friend for the first time.”

“Another Internet romance,” he stated, matter-of-factly.

“You must get them a lot,” she said. 

“Actually, you’d be surprised. There are hundreds of lonely women who travel across the border looking for fun and romance, and sometimes it doesn’t always work out the way you plan. Please, just be careful,” he warned.

“Um, thanks. I’ll be careful.”

She shoved her Grand Am into drive and headed south, her nerves jumping from not only clearing customs but from being questioned by the authority that way. Just who the hell did he think he was anyway? She then laughed out loud. He was an immigration officer! That’s who he was. He had the right to question her that way...besides, the information he passed along was taken to heart. Laura had heard a lot about Internet relationships going haywire. But she trusted Jake. She felt it in her heart.

As she cruised along I-81, Laura flipped open her cell phone and punched in Jake’s number. 

“Hey, it’s me.”

“Hello You! What’s going on? I thought you’d be in bed by now.”

“Funny you should ask me that,” she said. “I’m actually about half-hour away from your place.”

She could hear the phone as it hit the floor and after a brief pause, he was back on the line.

“You’re what? Laura, you can’t be serious. I thought you said...”

“I know what I said...I’m on my way. That is if you still want to see me.” 

“Of course I want to see you, you wild woman. You’re such a trip! You make me crazy...in a good way.”

“Ok, I’m going to hang up soon because I’m coming into Syracuse right now...I’m passing the airport turn.”

“Holy shit, you’re almost here. Just watch for the signs I told you about...and please, be careful.”

Within a half-hour, Laura was knocking at his front door. Her heart thumped in her chest and the snow glistened under the street lamps. It was a beautiful January night and the moon shone brightly overhead. The stars twinkled and the air was crisp. She could see her breath and she gasped when Jake answered the door.

Time stopped...for a moment, it just stood frozen, like the air between them. Their gazes met and held, electricity bouncing between them like live wires. His blue eyes drank her in. His beard and moustache were trimmed short and his long hair was braided down his back. A baseball cap sat backward on his head. He held the door open with one hand, and with the other, he reached out to take hers.

“Come in here,” he said, as he slowly pulled her inside his home. The warmth of the hallway invaded her lungs and she breathed deeply. “Let me take your coat.”

She slipped out of her leather jacket, handed it to him and watched him as he hung it up. She hadn’t said a word yet. She was still mesmerized by his eyes and his fluid movements. So graceful, yet so masculine. He wore a pair of faded jeans that fit snugly on his hips, a Syracuse University sweatshirt, white socks and a plain black ball cap.

“Now...come here,” he said, and pulled her into his arms. “I can’t believe you’re here. You smell so good. I love the color of your hair, your eyes are so beautiful.” Pulling away he caressed her cheek with the back of his fingers. Her heart hammered in her chest. Tears filled her eyes. He wiped at them with the pad of his thumb and gently kissed them away.

“Why the tears?” he asked, as he pulled her back into his warm embrace. “It’s good to see you finally.”

“Oh my God Jake, you’re beautiful.” She held him tightly, crushing him with her arms. 

“You are the beautiful one,” he said. “Let me look at you.”

Embarrassed, she looked at the floor and wiped her eyes. “I’m sorry...it’s just...this is so overwhelming for me.”

He grasped her chin with his thumb and forefinger and tipped her head up to meet his gaze. “Please, don’t cry...you’re safe here. I would never hurt you.”

He dried her eyes again and sank his fingers into the soft curls. So soft, he whispered. “You are amazing,” he said. 

She choked on a laugh and pulled his hands from her hair. She kissed one palm, then the other. Closing her eyes, she let the sensations of his hands fill her heart. 

“I’ve never done this before,” she told him truthfully. 

“I haven’t either. There is something about you that makes me want to know you better,” he said. “Your perfect mouth...” He kissed her mouth passionately, hungerly, gently probing with his tongue until she felt the nerves of the past three hours escape her. “Your perfect nose.” He pinched her nose and placed a light kiss on the tip. “Your perfect cheeks with the perfect amount of freckles.“ He kissed each cheek. “And your perfect ears.” Jake traced a line of kisses from one ear to the other, sucking on the lobes, licking the rim of one, then the other, stopping in the middle to electrify her senses again with another sensuous kiss to her pouty mouth.

“God Laura, you are so beautiful.”

He took her by the hand and led her to the living room, where candles were lit and soft music played. He had a bottle of wine chilling and asked if she’d like a drink. 

“Jake, this is perfect,” she said, as she curled up on the sofa. He handed her a glass of wine and sat beside her.”

“I’ve been thinking about this night since I first saw your ad,” he said. “I wanted to see those curves of yours. And it looks like you’re hiding them.” He flashed her a grin that made his eyes dance and her heart soar. 

“I guess you could say I’m shy at first, but I like to have fun...with the right guy.”

Jake moved over to catch her hand between his two larger ones. His thigh touched hers and she felt that jolt again. She downed the wine and plunked the glass on the coffee table. She grinned at him. “That hit the spot.”

“I see that,” he said with a laugh. “Another?”

“Why not?”

He refilled her glass and kissed her cheek before setting the bottle on the table. The candles glowed in the room, filling the air with a hint of spice. Or was that Jake’s cologne. Whatever it was, it was driving her mad.

“Jake, I...”

He captured her mouth again, his hands in her mane of silky hair, pulling her toward him until she practically sat on his lap. In no time, her sweatshirt was lifted by a skillful hand, and his fingers found their way to her bra.

“You have got beautiful nipples, Laur...let me see you.”

Uncertain in her own shyness, Laura let him pull the sweatshirt over her head, revealing her red lacy bra with her nipples pushing against the fabric. He pinched one delicately, then the other. Soon his mouth found those stiff peaks and he sucked them through the barrier of material. 

“Stand up,” he coaxed, as his gaze held hers. She smiled at him and found all the confidence she needed in those wonderful cobalt eyes.

He held her hand as she stood up and tried to find her balance. The wine had hit her just enough to lose her edginess. She placed her hands on her breasts and cupped the heaviness, massaging herself to even harder stiffness. Jake moaned as he watched. His sex was hard against his zipper. She could see it swelling under his hand as he rubbed himself through his jeans.

“Yes Baby, do it for me. Show me your curves.”

Her hands caressed her body, slowing heading to her zipper. She unbuttoned her jeans and gripped the metal tab with two blood-red nail tips and dragged it painfully south. Her smile told him she had him right where she wanted him...with his full attention, and erection, on her and her only.

“Do you want me Jake?”

“Oh God, do I want you? Look at this?” He went for his zipper...but she stopped him cold.

“No...not yet! Just watch me.”

Encouraged by his groan, Laura continued with her seduction. She stepped out of her jeans and stood before Jake in her panties and bra. A wet spot at her centre had his rapt attention and she could see his cock jumping in his jeans.

“You like this Jake?” She caressed her thighs, opening her legs so he could see how wet she was. She pulled her panties tightly against her crotch, exposing her labia on either side of the thin strip of material wedged in her snatch. “My clit is so hard baby...you were awesome today, by the way. Before I came here, I was in the tub, pleasuring my pussy, wishing your fingers were inside me. You were so good, Jake. Fuck, you make me wet.”

She rubbed her clit through her panties, making Jake writhe on the sofa. His eyes were clouding over and it looked like he was about to explode. 

“Talk to me Jake.”

“Laur, I want to taste you. Come and sit on my face. Just like that.”

She walked to the end of the sofa where Jake had his head, turned so that her back was facing him and splayed her thighs apart. She squatted over his face and teased him with her scent.

“Don’t touch me Jake...no, not yet.”

“You’re everything I ever expected you to be,” he said. “I love the smell of you, so warm and musky. Sit on my tongue Laur. Please, let me taste you.”

She shivered as she moved to position her pussy over his mouth. Moaning loudly, she began to ride his tongue. He inserted it inside her vagina to the point of no return and she could feel the pleasure mounting in her groin. His hands had yet to touch her hips, as she had requested, and although there was only his tongue and her pussy joining them, but it felt like their entire bodies were united in sex.

“Jake, I’m going to cum,” she crooned, as she rode the first pleasures of orgasm and erupted on his face. “Fuck Jake, you are a wicked man.”

She stood up and positioned her panties back to their rightful place and strolled around to sit beside him on the sofa.

“How do you like my tongue?” he asked with an evil grin.

“Oh man...let me taste me on you.” She crawled into his lap and proceeded to suck his tongue, tasting her juices on him and catching the scent of sex in his beard and moustache, a scent that had her aching to cum again.

He reached down between her legs and pulled her panties to the side. By this time, they were soaking wet, but not nearly as wet as they were after Jake was finished with his finger fucking. Inserting first one, then two, then three fingers into her pussy, Jake fiercely jerked her off until a G-spot orgasm her soaked her through to her ass.

“Oh God Jake, I’m cummmmming again...aaaaahhhhhh,” she cried, leaving his tongue assault on her mouth to bite down and grind into his hand. She was gushing like a fucking freight train and couldn’t stop now if she wanted to...but oh man, she didn’t want to. She didn’t want to ever stop cumming with Jake.

Just when she thought she couldn’t cum anymore, Jake surprised her with yet another wet orgasm and he didn’t give up on his finger assault until she was limp in his arms.

Kissing her softly on the mouth, he brushed the hair from her damp face and kissed her eye lids.

“You are so beautiful when you cum like that,” he said.

“To tell you the truth, Jake...I never cum like that...at least not with a partner.”

“Oh my...well, we have a lot of ground to cover then my love,” he whispered, kissed her shoulder, urged her up from the sofa and led her to the bedroom.

And here she thought she was going to be the one to do the teaching.