 "I'm so fucking horny I can't stand it," I said, when I got home from the café where I work. "I need it bad." I said out loud, talking to myself as I light up my pot pipe—one of the first things I do when I get home. Getting high gets me even hotter and I felt that itch in my pussy that drives me crazy. I have all the toys I need to get off but I wanted more. I wanted a big cock to satisfy my insatiable lust, my absolute love for a good hard fuck.

I have a great body and I love wearing sexy clothes that get guys to look at my ass and tits. I pretend I don't notice as I walk around the small café, serving coffee and whatever, I'm a real cock-tease and I love it. Anyway, it's a casual place so I don't wear a uniform but can wear whatever I want under a small apron with Bird Cage printed on it—that's the name of the place. It's kind of a funky, hippy café—all kinds of espressos, lattes and pastries, soups and sandwiches—you know what I mean. 

I usually wear tight faded jeans that really strain against my round ass or a short denim skirt that's high on my thighs and really show off my long legs. Though they're not the best shoes to work in, I have these cowboy boots that come up to just below my knees that I wear sometimes with that skirt 'cause I know how sexy it makes me look, but mostly I wear sandals. I love looking sexy—you know--tight tank tops, or t-shirts and I never wear a bra. I don't need one. My tits are a good handful and pretty perky. They move a little when I walk and my nipples show, what the fuck-- I don't give a damn. I like how free and comfortable I feel—plus it gives guys a good eyeful and that really turns me on. I love power. I like giving guys a hard on when they look at me. The truth is--- not only is it fun---it helps with the tips, too. 

I get hit on a lot and if a guy looks hot, I let him know I'm interested. I get a lot of one night stands that way—which I like. I'm not interested in a relationship, I just want a good hot fuck—no strings, no complications—just raw dirty fucking. I've had a few relationships—one for two months, but if the guy can't keep up with me, I start getting bored, cheat and gradually, ease myself out. 

Anyway, like I said, if I'm interested in someone and something seems to be clicking, I usually slip him my address and cell phone number and write-- Call me! 

I don't play games with guys. I'm very direct and let them know what's happening. At the same time, like I said, I'm a real cock-tease-- always in control. I like to tease, get a guy where I want him, but then I really like to be taken, dominated, used like a slut. I like wild rough fucking and cock teasing 'cause it usually turns guys into savage sex crazed animals and I get what I want—that's how I'm in control. 

By the way, I'm twenty-eight. I went to art school and have a little studio in my apartment where I paint and make collages. I've had one show already. I'm pretty serious about my art.

Anyway, here I am horny as hell and I have to do something about it. I take another hit from my pipe and suddenly remember this new baker at the café. I could tell he was interested in me—you know that look-- and for sure there was something happening between us. 

The thing is he's kind of quiet and laid back—an older guy—probably in his fifties, long shaggy hair, a beard speckled with grey and these deep blue eyes that look like they're seeing through you. To tell the truth I have a thing about older guys. They're more experienced and last longer. Anyway, the more I thought about this guy Peter, the hotter I got. Like I said, I like the way he looks at me when I go in the back to get something. He always stops what he's doing and looks me up and down then turns away like he doesn't want me to know he's checking me out. Still, there was something in his little smile and those blue eyes—the way our eyes meet that intrigues me—it's like he knows me. I always know when a guy wants me, but there was something different about him—something that turned me on. It's hard to explain, but the few times we talked, I couldn't stop looking at his blue eyes and feeling there is something mysterious about him. 

Anyway, I start thinking how can I get him to come over so I can fuck him—you know, make him think I need his help with something but really what I want is him in my bed pounding me 'til I'm screaming my head off—you know, another conquest. 

So I call the café and ask Jack, the manager to get Peter to the phone. I wait a few minutes feeling the pot do its thing and try to think of what I'm going to say to get him to come over. 

When he picks up the phone, I say, "Hey, Pete, it's me, Annie. Sorry to bother you but I need your advice on a painting I'm working on and I know you know a lot about art so I was wondering if you could come over and tell me what you think, you know, give me some advice." I kind of ramble on when I get high. "I'd really appreciate it," I added. 

When he said he'd be over in a half hour—he was just finishing up, I said, "Cool! See you soon." He knew where I lived because he lived right down the street. When we hung up, I picked up my pipe and took another big hit. I went into my studio and looked at the painting I was working on and knew I'd come up with some question to ask him.

I decided to change my clothes and put on my tightest jeans. They were faded and had had a hole in the knee and one just below my back pocket. I put one of those white men's cotton undershirts on with straps and my arms show. It's too small for me and clings to my body. My nipples are poking through and it can barely contain my tits. I put my hair in pig-tails so that I'd look a lot younger and kind of innocent—I had a feeling he would go for that. I'm young looking anyway so now I looked like I was eighteen or something. I was bare footed—I never wear shoes in my apartment and was setting the stage for how I would get Peter to fuck me. I looked pretty hot. 

When the buzzer went off, I opened the door and saw Peter glance at my body before speaking. 

"Hi, Annie," he said glancing at my tits real quick then back at my eyes. I like how guys try to act like they're not conscious of your tits. 

"Yeah, hi! Thanks for coming over. I really need your advice. I'm working on this painting and I'm really stuck." 

I waved him in and walked in front of him so that he could see my ass—one of my best features. I love my ass—not too big but really round and tight. I like when guys look at my ass.

"Can I get you something to drink," I ask..."juice, water, beer, Jack Daniels," I added. 

"Water's fine," he answered. Again, I saw him look at my tits. When he looked back at my eyes, I smiled, letting him know I knew where he was looking. 

We walked into my little kitchen. I reached up for a glass, knowing he was still looking at my ass. I opened the refrigerator and took out a gallon jug of spring water, poured both of us a glass and handed him his water. I held up my glass to his and we clicked glasses. "Cheers!" I said, smiling at him. I took a sip then put my glass down. 

While he drank, I leaned back against the counter, my legs spread apart and looked at him. I could feel my tight jeans cutting into my pussy making my crotch look really sexy. My shirt stretched against my tits as I leaned back, my nipples sticking out. I was so stoned and horny. I wanted him to see my pussy pressed against my jeans and take me right there. The way he looked at me, I knew he was getting turned on. I looked down at his crotch and could see a bulge in his jeans. 

"Fuck, this is so hot," I said to myself as we looked at each other. "Man, do I want this guy." I uttered under my breath, feeling my pussy tingling. 

"I never saw you in pig tails," he said. 

"Yeah, I don't usually wear pig tails, but once in awhile I like it. It kind of makes me feel like a teenager—an innocent teenager, "I said, smiling. I wrapped one of the pig tails around my finger when I said that, looking seductively into his eyes. 

He nodded and had that slight, kind of sexy, mysterious smile on his face, as he looked at me. "Ah little miss innocent teenager," he repeated watching me twirl the pigtail around my finger. 

"I really appreciate you coming over to help me." I said. "I'm kind of stuck and need your advice." 

As he took another sip of water, he glanced down at my crotch and my tits and then at my eyes. He saw me glance at his crotch and the way we looked at each other it was clear we both wanted something to happen. I felt my pussy tingle, getting really wet as we looked at each other. I was so damn horny.

"So, show me your painting," he said. 

"Okay, it's in my studio. Follow me," I said and motioned for him to follow me. 

My apartment is very small so my studio was right next to the kitchen and right across from my bedroom. When we walked into the studio, piles of canvasses were leaning against the wall and several were hanging up s along with a dozen or so collages.

"Hey, you're good," he said as he glanced around the room. "I like these. I like how you use color." He walked around the room looking at everything. "You paint with a lot of energy. Very passionate," he said, not facing me, his eyes on each painting. Then he turned to me, "You're very powerful," he said, looking into my eyes." 

"Thanks," I said. "Yeah, a lot of who I am comes out in my paintings." 

I watched him walk closer to the paintings. I liked how he walked, gracefully, slowly. He was just a little taller than me and I could see he was in good shape—a nice butt and his t-shirt fit him perfectly. He moved his hand through his long hair and then tugged on his beard as he walked around the small room, nodding as he looked at each painting. While he looked, I was thinking about my next move—how was I going to get him in my bed. 

I went over and stood close to him while he looked at a one of my most erotic paintings. It was kind of abstract but it was clear that there were tits and cocks and asses in there with bright red and yellow streaks of color swirling energetically all over. It was a big painting—took me over a month to do.

"Peter, do you want to get stoned with me," I said, looking up at him.

"Sure," he answered. "Yeah, I would."

I got my stash and put some in my pipe and handed it to him with my lighter.

He took a hit and then handed it back to me and I took another hit. I was already stoned—now I was going to la-la land. 

"Over here is the painting I want to show you," I said. I handed him back the pipe and we went over to the painting on the easel. He took another deep hit, held his breath, coughed a little and handed me back the pipe. 

He looked at the painting on the easel and said, "Hmmmm. Interesting." 

It was a painting of a dark alley with a lot of shadows, but you could see two people fucking against the wall in the corner. "Okay, Annie, what's your question with this painting?" "I was wondering if it was too dark, should I lighten it up. What do you think?" 

"I like it the way it is," he said. 

"How about those two fucking in the corner?" I asked. "Is it too hidden?"

"No, I like it," he said taking another hit from the pipe and handing it back to me. 

I was so horny now. I couldn't stand it so I decided to be really honest with him. 

"Peter, I need to tell you something." I looked up at him. Our eyes met. "I didn't call you to ask questions about my painting. I called 'cause I want to fuck you."

"I know," he answered. 

"What do you mean you know?" I was stunned by his response. 

"It was just a matter of time," he said. "I see how you operate."

"You do, do you?" I paused, feeling my temper rise. "What the hell is that suppose to mean?"

"You're a cock tease." He turned and faced me, looking into my eyes. "You like showing off your tits, and your ass. Like now—playing little miss innocent with those pig tails and your tits hanging out like that." 

I smiled at him, looking at his eyes, nodding. "You're right. I am a cock tease and a horny one tonight. And I see how you look at me at the café with those blue eyes thinking you'd like to fuck me." 

He nodded, looking into my eyes, smiling. "You think you're hot stuff, don't you Annie. You think you can get any guy you want to fuck you and then give him the door."

"So what's wrong with that—no strings, no games. Just getting what I want. It's a real turn on for me to get some hot stud in bed and fuck all night. Like you, Peter. You want to fuck me, don't you?"

Suddenly, Peter surprised me and stepped close to me, grabbed my pussy, holding it in the palm of his hand and moved his mouth just above mine like he was going to kiss me, but he didn't. "I'm going to do more than fuck you, Annie."

I was surprised when he grabbed my pussy like that, but I was cool and quickly grabbed his balls squeezing them in the palm of my hand, looking into his eyes. "So what are you going to do to me—Mr. Tough guy."

"You'll found out," he answered, gripping my pussy harder, moving his hand back and forth, getting me hotter. "Just wait." 

When he did that, I took my hands off of his crotch and moved my hand up along his bulging cock pressed against his jeans. "Mmmmmmmm , you like this, don't you, baby, I can tell," I said, moving my hand up and down his hard cock. 

"This pussy in mine," he said, as I gripped his cock. Our mouths were inches apart, our eyes locked on each others eyes. He pressed his hand harder against my cunt, moving it back and forth. "I own your pussy."

"Oh yeah, is that what you think?" I said, grabbing his cock harder through his jeans.

"I know so," he said as he took his middle finger and pressed the seam of my jeans into my pussy.

"Be careful, mister," I said. I got my fingers on his zipper, unzipped his jeans and saw he wasn't wearing underwear. I grabbed his cock, pulling it out, loving how hard and big it was. "You don't know who you're messing around with, Mister." 

"Yes I do," he said. "You are going to be my slave, baby."

"You think so?"

"I know so. I will own your pussy." He gripped it harder. 

"Fuck you!" I said, grabbing his cock harder. "No one will ever own me."

"Don't bet on it," he said then suddenly grabbed my arms and pushed me hard against the wall in the corner, his cock grinding into my pussy. 

I was stunned at first but then I grabbed his ass and pulled him harder against me. I was so fucking hot but I wanted to show him who was boss. He was grinding his hard cock into my pussy as I gripped his ass, grinding back. We looked into each others eyes.

"You've met your match, Annie," he said. 

"We'll see about that," I answered, pulling him harder against me, grinding against his hard pole. Man. I was so fucking hot and wanted his cock so bad, but I was determined to take charge and show him I had him wrapped around my little finger—he would never own me. 

Suddenly I got my hands on his shoulders and pushed him away. I looked at his big hard cock hanging out of his unzipped jeans and gasped at the size of it. I started to dash past him to run into the other room, to get him to chase me, but he quickly grabbed my arm, turned me around, facing the wall, and pushed me hard. I loved how rough he was when he gripped my arms and slammed me against the wall. We were still in the corner and it reminded me of my painting. He ground his hard cock into my ass, my tits pressed against the wall. He reached around and got his hand on my cunt again, his finger pressing the seam into my wet pussy.

"Hey! Fucker!" I yelled, loving his finger on my pussy. I wiggled my ass against his cock

"Shut up, slut!" he said, pressing his cock harder against my ass, his finger pressing my jeans deeper into my pussy. Peter knew what he was doing. I had to have his cock. 

"You like my ass don't you, Peter. You want to get your big cock in me, don't you? You want to fuck me? You think you can own my cunt and make me your little slave, don't you?" I turned my head, looking him in the eyes, smiling. "Don't you?"

He didn't answer but somehow slipped his hand inside the front of my tight jeans and squeezed his way to my pussy. My tight jeans pressed his hand harder against my pussy. "OH FUCK!" I yelled as he got his middle finger deep into my wet pussy, finger fucking me, his hand rubbing against my clit. I knew I was going to lose it as a huge orgasm swept over me. "OHHHHHHHHHH FUCK I' M CUMMMING!" I screamed. "OH BABY! DO THAT!" I yelled as another orgasm rolled through me and I came hard all over his hand. 'OHHHHHHHHHHH! THAT WAS SO FUCKING HOT!"

But I wasn't done with him. I wanted more. I wanted his cock. I was desperate to get fucked hard and I wasn't going to hide it. 

"I WANT YOUR FUCKING COCK!" I yelled, turning my head to face him. 

"You do, do you?" he growled in my ear, as he took his cum covered finger and hand from my pussy and immediately pulled my tits out of my shirt, smearing my hot cum all over them, moving his hands roughly and continued grinding his hard cock against my ass. "You want my cock, do you?" he growled again.

"YES! FUCK ME NOW YOU BASTARD!" I shouted as he humped my ass. "I KNOW YOU WANT IT, DON'T YOU? YOU WANT TO RAM THAT HARD COCK IN MY CUNT—DON'T YOU?" 

Suddenly I pushed my ass hard against him, bucking him off of me and squirmed out of his grip on my tits and ran across the hall to my bedroom. "IF YOU WANT ME,CATCH ME!" I shouted, laughing as I ran and jumped on my bed. I went to the head board, standing on the bed and turned to face him coming after me. I leaned against the head board, my back against the wall, my legs apart, the outline of my pussy pressed against my tight jeans. 

"You're asking for trouble, Annie," he said, moving towards me on the bed. 

I unbuttoned my jeans and slowly moved the zipper down, looking into his eyes, teasing him as I slowly lowered the zipper. I grabbed the waist band and slowly lowered my jeans and stopped just above my pussy. I then placed my hand inside my jeans and started rubbing my pussy, moaning as I played with myself. I smiled at him, licking my lips with my tongue. 

He moved closer, his eyes on my hand rubbing my pussy.

"You want this pussy, don't you, Peter?" I closed my eyes, moaning as I rubbed my pussy harder, my legs wider apart. I was really getting into this scene, looking at his hungry eyes as I stood above him. I then took my finger out of my pussy and moved it in and out of my mouth, licking and sucking my finger. "Mmmmmmmmmm" I moaned as sucked my finger. I smiled at him, "Come and get me, if you think you can?"

"You think you're something," he said, crawling a little closer, our eyes locked on each other.

"Yeah, I think I'm something and you want this cunt, don't you?" I said, moving my hand back to my pussy just inside my tight jeans. "You want this juicy cunt, don't you!" I was feeling really raunchy. 

Suddenly, he lunged forward, grabbed my ankles and pulled me down hard onto the bed, He spread my legs apart, got up on his knees and pounced on me, his hard cock grinding into my jean covered pussy as he held my arms over my head. Our eyes looked fiercely into each others eyes. 

"DAMN IT, PETER, FUCK ME! I CAN'T STAND THIS!" I shouted, lifting my hips off the bed to get to his cock. My pussy was on fire. 

He grabbed my jeans and pulled them off and I helped. I squirmed out of my soaked thong while he pulled off his jeans and t-shirt. He spread my legs apart, took his cock and started moving the tip up and down my pussy lips, looking into my eyes. 

"NO! YOU BASTARD! DON'T TEASE ME DAMN IT! GIVE IT TO ME. FUCK ME!" I screamed as he played with me.

"I OWN YOUR PUSSY," he said as he moved his cock up and down my cunt. "YOUR PUSSY IS MINE, ANNIE!"

"NO!" I yelled. "NO ONE OWNS ME! NO ONE!" I started to squirm away from him, moving on my elbows back up the bed. I tried kicking him away, lifting my feet to his chest He grabbed my legs as I kicked and pulled me back under him, opened my legs, reared back and thrust his cock deep into my pussy, pounding me into the bed.No one has ever fucked me harder.
