 Jake lay awake beside her, listening to her breathe and watching her sleep in a contented sprawl. Not only was she wrapped around his body, but also his heart. He was falling for her. He couldn’t help himself. She was everything he ever wanted in a woman. Confident but shy, brave but timid, fierce but submissive and demanding in the bedroom...he smiled at that thought. But he wasn’t sure how much of his sexuality he could share with her so soon. He didn’t want to frighten her. Then again, she wasn’t easily frightened...she came all the way to Syracuse from Ontario on a whim and going through Little New York City didn’t even phase her. She stirred under him and curled deeper into his shoulder. She purred and Jake too drifted to sleep.

Hours later, Laura awoke with a start. She had forgotten where she was for a moment. Looking around, she remembered and sought the comfort of his arms. He was sitting in the living room, smoking a cigarette and singing along with Joe, wanting to know...“I wanna know what makes you cry, so I can be the one to always make you smile.” The tears were falling down his cheeks.

“Hey, what’s wrong?” Laura sat up in bed, drew the sheets to her chest and tunnelled her fingers through her tangled mane. Sleepy-eyed, she padded to the sofa and sat beside him and stroked his back.

“Nothing’s wrong...everything’s right.” He looked at her so intently, her heart skipped a beat. His fingers reached up to touch her cheek. “Everything’s perfect. You’re here with me and that’s all I ever need.”

He kissed her mouth, pulling her closer with a fistful of her hair. Dropping his hand, he traced his fingers along the top of the sheet, tickling her freckled chest. 

“Mmmm, this sheet looks good on you,” he said, smiling. 

“Come back to bed,” she coaxed. “It’s too early to be up.”

“Can’t sleep,” he said. “I just wanted to sit here and watch you sleep in my bed. You looked so peaceful. I can’t believe how lucky I am to have found you.”

“I feel the same way Jake.”

He drew her back against him and fell into the cushions. She pulled the sheet around his naked body and together they snuggled closer.

“I love this,” she told him. “Just being here with you, sharing a moment like this.”

“He must have really hurt you, bruised your heart and your ego,” he said. “I hate the thought of him putting his hands on you, hurting you like that. I can’t wait to meet him.”

She didn’t want to go back to her abusive marriage, even if it was years ago and miles away. She had told him about her ex-husband and he was sympathetic and fiercely protective, like a Rottweiler.

“It’s in the past Jake, and that’s where I want it to stay.”

“I’m just saying...if I ever meet him, and I’m sure there will be a time, I want him to know that you’re my girl now and no one’s ever going to hurt you again.” His eyes danced and their centers blacked to a deeper sapphire.

I’m your girl, she smiled at the thought. She like the way it sounded on his lips. She smiled up at him, touched his cheek and kissed him. “Thank you for that.”

“For what?”

“For wanting to protect me. I love that about you. But I don’t want you thinking about him. God knows, I don’t anymore.”

“Just know that you are safe with me, ok?”

“I know Jake,” she said as she watched his eyes soften. “I know.”

When the light of early dawn streamed into the apartment, Jake was already in the shower. Laura was stretched like a cat on the sofa, a down comforter had been draped over the sheet she was tangled in. She was warm and deeply content when he stepped from the bathroom. A foggy mist followed him. His lashes were wet and his hair reached the centre of his back. He had a comb in one hand and a hair tie in the other. He smiled over at her. She beckoned him with her finger. He strolled over to her and dropped a kiss on her forehead.

“Morning Luvy,” he smiled.

“Hiya tough guy,” she giggled. “Want me to do your hair?”

He moaned softly and sat beside her, handing her his comb. She set to work on the tangles of brown hair. She was surprised at how dark it was compared to his facial hair. She pulled it together and tugged it to the side, grinning at the little moan of pleasure from him. She smiled at his back and tugged harder on his pony tail, nipped his neck and scratched down between his shoulders with her nails. He shivered. She held his hair tightly in her grip and pulled, clamping with her teeth.

“Harder,” he moaned. “Pull it harder.”

A shimmer of pleasure skittered up her spine. He liked this little rough play. She was only too happy to oblige him. Straddling him from the rear, she embraced his butt with her legs and wound them around his middle, pulling on his hair to hold him in place.

“You like it like this?” She asked, teasing him. 

He whimpered softly. She bit him again, this time on his shoulder, and left a mark. She tugged his hair the other way and bit him on the other side of his exposed neck. In one swift movement, she scurried around him, pinned him beneath her and trapped his arms above his head. She dove into his mouth, plunging her tongue deeply.

“You like it rough tough guy? Do you like it when I’m in control? Do you?”

She bit on his bottom lip, aware how easily he could get out of the grip she held, but knowing he wouldn’t. If there was any doubt, there wasn’t for long as his erection stirred under the towel he had wrapped around his waist. The sheet dropped away from her breasts and her nipples hovered above his face. 

“Suck them,” she demanded. His eyes glazed over as he caught one taut peak in his mouth. With one hand, she held his arms in a love lock, and with the other, she grabbed a handful of hair.

“Harder. Bite my nipples,” she said, controlling his mouth with her free hand on the back of his head. She pushed his face into her double Ds and smothered him. His cock jumped against her ass. 

“Do you want to fuck my tits tough guy?”

He groaned, but didn’t speak. 

“Answer me,” she whispered in his ear when she bent to hear what he was mumbling.

“God Laura, you make me so fucking hard.”

She smiled at him. Kissed his mouth and let his hands go free as she climbed off him. “Get up Jake. Go sit in that chair.”

He didn’t bat an eye, just listened obediently. She watched his cute little ass walk over to the chair and he sat down, eyes pinned on her, lips parted and wet from their kiss. He didn’t even try to cover his erection as the towel draped open. It stood up like a flag pole. She was mesmerized by the size of him, at least a good 10 inches. Pre-cum dripped from him, but he didn’t touch himself.

“I want you to watch me cum Jake, but before I do, I want you to cum for me. Touch your cock, Jake. Lick your fingers and trace your cockhead...mmmm good boy,” she crooned as she watched him get his cock harder with his hand. He sucked on his fingers, watching her with intensity, never breaking the gaze. He gripped his cock, just under the head, squeezed out a drop of pre-cum. 

Tell me what you taste like Jake,” she said.

Testing it, he trailed his fingertip through the clear fluid, and brought it to his lips.

“Salty, tangy, sweet,” he told her.

Sinking back into the couch, Laura spread her legs, facing Jake and let the sheet drop open to reveal her curly red snatch. She spread her legs wider so he could have a great view. Holding his dick, he slowly and methodically jerked himself while watching her play with that beautifully wet slit.

“Do you want this pussy Jake?”

“You know I do Laura. Look how hard you make me.”

“Do you want to cum Jake?” She inserted a finger in her pussy and rubbed her clit to hardness with her free hand. Both hands worked her pussy and her head dropped back, revealing the creamy skin at her throat.

“Laura, I want to cum with you baby,” he said, stroking harder and faster.

Her eyes flew open and pinned him. He stopped moving his hand, but his cock still throbbed beneath it. 

“Not yet, you don’t,” she said with force, as a rumble in her toes told her it was almost time to sit on him and surround him with her wetness. “Squeeze your cock. Make it stop...don’t cum yet.”

His hardon was jerking itself off, but he controlled the cum that was building in his balls. Barely.

She stood, eyes on his, and pranced toward him. She straddled him in the chair, but hovered above his erection. Both hands in his hair, she grabbed his locks and yanked at the same time, enveloped him with her wetness.

“Now...Cum now Jake,” she demanded as she rocked on his phallus. She could feel the jiz filling his shaft and his head dropped back. He grabbed her ass and thrusted into her deeply. She bit him again. He yelped with pain and pleasure as he hit the brink and together they flew over the edge of sanity.

Moments later, she pulled herself free from him and stumbled into the shower. She barely got the water warmed when Jake was there behind her, rubbing his semi-hard cock up against her backside. She moved back into him as he cupped her breasts and pulled her closer. He couldn’t keep his hands off her.

Laura suddenly remembered her fantasy in the tub from the night before and the things she wanted to do to him in his own tub. She grinned when his hands ran down the length of her abdomen and stopped just short of her pubic area.

“Shall I leave you to your shower?” 

“You may want to join me,” she smiled sweetly.