 Being married for a long time sex can get boring. Although both my husband and I loved sex, we had talked about ways of spicing it up. We hoped that bringing our fantasies to light would help increase our pleasure. We had talked about threesomes, foursomes, swapping, dominating the works. But something that sparked both our interest was role playing. 

Growing up he had gone to school near a school where the girls wore uniforms. He said it had always been a turn on for him growing up. He proceeded to tell me that one of his fantasies was to be a college professor at an all girl's college where they wore uniforms.

Since my husband work from home, I thought this would be an easy fantasy to fulfill for him. Admittedly, I was excited by being a fresh face naive college co-ed. We had several stores in our area that sold school uniforms and after a quick trip I purchased a plaid skirt, white shirt, and white knee socks. The skirt of course was knee length and that would never work, it would have to be much. Much shorter. After making the alterations, I set my plan into action. 

Sneaking home early one Friday afternoon, I snuck in and changed into my outfit. Pulling my hair up into a ponytail, I applied my make-up and happy with the overall effect I snuck down to my husband's office. 

He was on the phone with a client and so I tapped gently on the door and waited for his response. I carried a paper I had prepared in advance that said he wanted to see me. He didn't turn to see who was at the door just said to come in. 

I walked into his office and his eyes bugged out of his head. Leaning over his desk, I laid the paper down for him to read as he continued talking. Knowing I needed to play the part up, I began fidgeting in my chair. My skirt was show short that with all the moving around it had creped up so that you could see I had on no underwear. Seeing his eyes move there, I fained embarrassment and fixed my shirt. 

When he wrapped up his call he read over the paper I gave him again. Looking at me with a stern face he started talking.

"Susie, your grade in my class is a D; you haven't passed a single test. I don't know what we're going to do. If you don't get that grade up you're going to flunk my class."

"Mr. Sampson, you can't fail me. I need this class."

"Well I don't know what to do. I don't have any extra credit work"

"There has to be something I can do, I'll do anything. My parents will kill me if I don't pass all my classes."

"What are you willing to do? How hard are you willing to work?"

"I'm serious Sir; I'll do anything you say. Just don't flunk me."

"Well, let me think about it a minute."

His eyes roamed over my body and I began to fidget again. I blushed, to add to the effect. 

It took a long time before he spoke again. When he did, I played right along with him.

"Well, you're willing to do anything? No matter how hard it is?"

"Oh yes, anything."

Standing he went to his door and shut it and locked it. Turning back to me, he smiled a lecherous smile.

"Would you show me your beautiful tits?"

I stuttered, but didn't protest. "Well...sure I would."

"Show me."

I stood and fained embarrassment and undid the button on my white shirt to show a lacy white bra. I stopped when the buttons where undone.

"NO I want to see your tits. Take off your bra too."

I did so and put my arms in front of me to cover them. 

"Susie...let me see." He said in a tone of admonishment

Dropping my arms he stepped closer to me. His hand came up and one finger flicked my nipple. I looked up at him and he was smiling. By now I could see the outline of his cock through his pants. 

"Will you let me see you totally naked?"

By now I was getting pretty turned on and I unzipped and pushed my skirt down over my hips. Reveling I had nothing on under it.

"You're a naughty thing aren't you? Wearing a short skirt like that with no panties."

I didn't answer I just stood looking at him waiting for my next cue. "How about you climb up on my desk."

I acted nervous, but he smiled and assured me. "Remember you said you were willing to do anything to improve your grade. With what you've done so far you're getting closer to a C all the time."

Nodding my head, I climb onto the desk. With his instructions I laid back and spread my legs. Feeling his hand on my inner thigh I again, acted shy and closed my legs. His chuckled excited me. I couldn't believe how turned on I was getting by this game. 

Using both hands he eased my legs apart again and didn't wait. His mouth covered my not moist pussy. After a couple of seconds he raised his head.

"Someone is getting excited. I love naughty girls."

He again buried his face between my legs, and at first I acted like I didn't want it, but then before long I was moaning and humping his face. When he slid first one then two fingers into my pussy, I was getting close to cumming and when he pushed all four in I screamed and started to squirt cum out of me. I had never done that before. And it excited us both.

"Did you like that?"

"Oh yes Mr. Sampson. It felt so good. I've never cum like that before."

"Well you're up to a C, Ms. Kelly how good of a grade do you want?"

I didn't answer instead I climbed off his desk and pulled his pants down around his ankles. I sucked the head of his cock into my mouth. His moan was loud, and full of desire. As my head bobbed on his rock hard cock, he took hold of my ponytail and held it and began fucking my face. He was forcing more and more of his cock down my throat. I relaxed and took as much as I could. 

"Oh you're a good little cock-sucker. Where did you learn to suck cock like this?"

I didn't answer I just kept sucking. Using my ponytail he pulled my mouth off his cock.

"I ask you a question, where did you learn to suck cock like this?"

"I watched a couple of porno's with some friends."

"I bet you drive the guys wild with that mouth, don't you?"

I didn't respond and instead when back to sucking, I love to suck cock, I'm good at it and I love the control. 

But before long he was stopping me again. "What else will you do for that grade Ms. Kelly?"

"I'll let you fuck me for an A."

"Well we'll see about that."

Turning around he pushed me face down on his deck and spread my legs wide. My pussy was soaking wet, I was more excited than I had been in a long time.

He pushed into me in one fast hard thrust. I moaned my pleasure.

"You like that?" he asked? "You like having my big cock inside you?"

"Oh yes, it feels so good. Fuck me, Mr. Sampson. Fuck me hard."

He began moving faster and I felt my climax rising. He was like a man possessed; it was beyond anything I could have imagined. 

I felt my cheeks being spread and then his finger trying to push inside of me. Still in the game we were playing. I tried shaking him off.

"No Mr. Sampson, not that."

"Oh yeah that, and if you let me do this, you'll get an A for this semester."

I relaxed and let his push the tip of his finger inside me. His cock still filling my pussy. Without removing his cock, he leaned over me and reached inside a drawer and pulled something out. Within seconds I knew what it was and felt that cool liquid slide down over my crack and into my tightest hole. 

Before long I felt his finger again work its way in. Once he had it in he began moving his cock in and out of my pussy again. Long hard thrusts, and each time he pushed his cock inside of me he pushed his finger in deeper. Before I knew it he had two fingers in and was pushing them in and out in the same rhythm as his cock was going in and out of my pussy.

"Oh Mr. Sampson that feels so good. I love it. Fuck me, fuck me harder."

"I knew you were a little slut." Again he reached over me and pulled something out of the drawer. He rammed his cock in and out of me a few more times and pulled out.

"NO don't stop!" I demanded.

"Oh I'm not done. You're about to get an A plus."

With that he pushed a huge dildo into my pussy, it was one of my favorites, and I felt his cock head pushing on my other hole. Again I was still in character.

"Mr. Sampson, I've never done that before."

"You liked my fingers; you're going to love this."

Slowly he pushed inside of me. Taking it inch by inch. Once he was completely in me. I thought I would explode from the pleasure I was feeling. He waited a full minute before he began to move. Once he did, he turned the dildo on that was stuffing my pussy. It was my favorite for several reasons. It had a rabbit on it and it had a head that moved and it would hit my "G" spot insuring I could have several orgasms. At this point I had already cum like I never had before. 

As he started to move, I began moaning. "Oh yes, fuck me sir. Fuck me harder. It feels so fucking good. Please fuck me harder, fuck my ass."

With that remark he smacked my ass and when I tensed I was surprised we both didn't cum.

"Damn girl you're a hot little fuck. I could do this every day and not get tired of it. You have any friends in my classes that need a better grade?"

"Oh yes, fuck me please fuck my hot little ass."

"I'm going to fuck you again, you know that right?"

"I want you too. I want you to fuck me. You feel so good. I can't wait to tell Cindy."

"What are you going to tell her?"

"Oh yes, just like that it feels so good...I'm going to tell her how to improve her grade."

He was pulling his cock almost all the way out of me and shoving it back inside of me. It felt so good a couple of time I thought I would loss consciousness. 

"I'm going to cum Susie. I'm going to fill you until my cum is running out of you."

"Do it cum inside of me. I'm going to come again too."

He reached down and pulled the dildo out, I'm sure to see if I would squirt like I had the first time. Reaching around he started playing with my clit and kept fucking me within minutes I knew he was about to explode. He came hard and kept pumping into me. Feeling his cum run out of me and down to my clit I came again too. Again squirting a large amount out cum out of myself. Pulling out of me he reached for his shirt and cleaned himself up. I waited for him to clean me up but he didn't. Instead he bent down and pulled his pants up.

"Well Ms. Kelly you now have an A for my class. But remember mid-terms are coming up soon."

I reached for his shirt to clean myself up. He took it from me and shook his head.

"Nope. You get dressed and you don't clean up. I want to see you walk down the hall with my cum glistening on your legs. And if I run into you later I want to still see it."

Smiling up at him I kissed him long and hard.

"Oh Mr. Sampson, I have to go now. I can't wait to tell Cindy. She's flunking your class too.

With that I dressed and walked out of his office. Going to the kitchen I started a dinner and when he walked in the kitchen a while later. He moved in behind me and kissed my neck. 

"Now tell me about your fantasy."