 Sarah looks about forty, at least in my opinion. I know she's older—she's been a grandmother for several years at least but still younger than me by several years. She's been divorced for a long time, too. She is absolutely my idea of a GILF.

We used to work in the same place, but she developed some serious though temporary health problems and had to quit. She left the area for a few years, then came back. I was surprised to see her when I was walking into the department store while she was walking out. 

That oh, so enchanting lopsided smile turned into a lopsided grin and she invited me close for a hug. I loved that hug. Sarah is only two inches shorter than I, so we fit together perfectly for hugging. And maybe other things.

I'd always wanted Sarah, from the first day I saw her. Not just me, either. She's as sweet as she is pretty and I've never met a man that knew her that did not want her. Couldn't really reveal my desire at work, but we always had a smile and a few teasing words for each other.

When we broke the hug I said, "Sarah, I could do with two or three of those a day, every day." 

She grinned again and said I was sweet. Then she added, "I'm going to be moving back permanently in a few months. I don't want to get a reputation."

"I understand. But if you ever decide to risk one, I'd sure be glad to be the one you'd risk it with."

Sarah has hazel eyes, dark brown hair, and as dark a complexion as any "white" person can have. I love the darkness of her skin, and the dazzling whiteness of her teeth. Every time I see her I want to touch her.

We flirted a little on FB from time to time for those few months. It just so happened that a couple of weeks after she was settled in we met again at the same department store—but this time I was exiting while she was heading in from the parking lot. She wore a modest dark blue tank top, matching shorts and flip-flops. Her hair was loose around her shoulders. 

Her grin was happy and she invited me close for another hug. 

I hesitated.

"Sarah," I said, "I'll be delighted to have a hug. But you should know, I guess, finally, that I want so much more."

She looked a little surprised, but not wary.

"How much more?"

"As much more as there is to have."

She raised her eyebrows. "Tell me. Give me details."

"Here and now? Really?"

"Really. Right here and right now, tell me what more you'd want."

We were standing just outside the doorway and a few people had already been forced to dodge around us. I put my hand on her right arm and eased her to my right, out of traffic.

In a low voice, I told her what more I wanted. Don't think she expected to hear it all. I looked her right in the eyes as I said it. It took several minutes.

"Rod, do you have any idea how long it's been since I've heard a proposition like that?"

"If it's longer than two weeks, a lot of men have either been very shy or very blind."

"Two weeks! Two months would be too short a guess. And I haven't missed it. Until right now. After hearing what you just told me, I want it too. Right here, right now."

"Right here might be a bad idea. But I think right now can be arranged."

I saw that lopsided grin again. "In the parking lot? Your car or mine?"

"Neither. Come with me." Then I whispered to her, "Those words will mean something else in the very near future." She laughed shortly as she walked with me to the back of the store. That department store had a family restroom between the men's and ladies'. It was a slow weekday, and no one was in the area.

She went in and shut the door. Two minutes later I knocked quietly with my knuckles down below my waist, then opened the door. I locked it behind me.

I did not care if cameras were watching.

We were both a little shy. This was new territory.

"Well, here we are. How do we start?"

"Let's start with that hug." Then I got bold—one of us had to. "I remember the last one. I loved the feel of your breasts pressed against my chest. I'm getting excited just thinking about it."

"You're not the only one," she replied, and we moved into each other's arms. 

God, she felt good!

"Now, to begin the more." I kissed her, first on the cheek, then on the chin, and then softly on the lips. She closed her eyes and kissed back. We kissed again, this time touching each other's tongue with our own. I pulled her against me, relishing the feel of her breasts. I stepped away and looked her in the eyes.

"As wonderful as your breasts feel against my chest, I want to feel them with my hands and fingers. I want to taste your nipples."

"Rod I think you're going to get your more. You've got me wanting more, too."

She kissed me again, then stepped back and pulled her tank top over her head. I did the same with my t-shirt. Her bra connected in the front and she undid the clasp and shrugged it off her shoulders.

"They feel better than they look, huh?"

"Sarah, I think that's true of every woman. The breasts look good but feel even better."

I put my hands on them. They were still decently firm and very separate, each one a tad bigger than a handful. The nipples were already puckered and hard. I kissed her high on the chest and then traced my way down, across the tops of both breasts before taking the left nipple into my mouth and sucking very gently. I tickled the tip with my tongue and Sarah inhaled sharply and pushed it further into my mouth. 

After a polite two minutes I turned my attention to the right one and gave it the same caresses. I then straightened up and pulled her against me again, reveling in the sensation of her naked breasts and body against my own own. 

"Rod," she whispered, "I hope you still want more."

"I will always want more with you, Sarah. I can't imagine ever getting enough of you."

"Good," she whispered back, and put her hand on my crotch, feeling my erection.

"Ooo, I haven't felt one of those in a while. Undo your belt and button."

I did as requested and she unzipped my shorts and began rubbing my cock through my boxers.

I turned a little sideways and put my left arm around her shoulders, caressing her left shoulder. My right hand trailed down her stomach and inside the elastic of her shorts. I bypassed the underwear on my way to her sex. 

I got a delightful surprise. Her pubic hair was as thick as I'd ever imagined. And it was surprisingly soft. I trailed my fingers through that lush growth. Just feeling that wonderful thick pelt turned me on even more.

"Pretty hairy down there, huh?" She teased. 

"I absolutely must see this wonderful muff." As I said that my middle finger found the damp entrance between her labia. I stroked where I thought her clit might be hiding, and was rewarded with a gasp.

"Rod, please, let's get naked."

So we did, undressing ourselves quickly. She reached over and took my now fully erect penis in her hand. She stroked it slowly.

"I'm not sure how long it's been since I had one of these in my hand, but it's been far too long."

"I'm sorry, but I'm going to take it away for a few minutes."

I knelt in front of her and rubbed my nose and mouth in the thick softness of her hair. I pulled back.

It was not only long and thick, but it extended back between her legs almost to her perineum. I kissed that beautiful dark brown muff in many places while my thumbs tried parting it to discover the hidden entrance to her love tunnel.

She giggled as she spread her legs a little to help. "What are you doing?"

"Besides enjoying myself immensely, I'm looking for buried treasure."

And there it was. I gave it a long slow flat-tongued lick, from bottom to top. 

She gasped and pulled my head deeper into her crotch.

"Found it!"

I wasted no time in locating her clit with my tongue and caressing it in circles and drawing it in between my lips. 

I slipped two fingers into her and bent them upward, hoping to caress her G-spot. Success again, and she came hard, shudderingly, her juices baptizing my eager lips and tongue.

After her ecstasy had passed I stood up. Some women like to kiss and lick their juices off the face of the man that produced them.

Sarah showed no such inclination, though.

"Sarah, that was even more than I dared hope for. Thank you."

Then she did kiss me hard on the mouth as she grabbed my still-hard cock. 

"I want more."

She stroked my erection with gentle insistence.

"You sure?"

She nodded. "Please, Rod. More."

I kissed her a true lover's kiss and again slipped a finger into her interior.

I whispered in her ear. "I did not dare hope for that much. Front or back?"

She considered, then released my dick long enough to lower the changing table on the wall. She faced it, then bent over it and wiggled her behind.

Unromantically, I grabbed a big wad of toilet paper off the roll, put it on the table, and then put myself behind her. My erection thrust between her legs. She reached between them, backward, and guided me in. I enjoyed the superb feeling of the walls of her vagina around my dick. Watching it enter the dark softness of her skin thrilled me. I began to stroke her, in and out, slowly. I reached forward with both arms. The feeling of that soft thick fur at the base of my dick added an erotic sensation I'd never felt before. 

My left hand rubbed her left breast and nipple while my right rubbed circles on her clit. 

I went faster, giving her shallow quick strokes as my thumb and finger matched the speed on her clit. She groaned. Her legs shook and her hands clutched the sides of the table as she came again and that was enough to compel my own orgasm. I pushed myself into her as far as I could as I squeezed spurt after spurt of semen into her.

After my ejaculation subsided I resumed my attention to her clit. I pinched it gently between thumb and finger and rubbed with soft insistence.

"One more, beautiful Sarah," I whispered to her.

Minutes later she came again. My cock had never left her even though it deflated. Her orgasm and the resulting flow inspired it to regain its firmness and I thrust into her again, in and out, hard and fast, pumping like a machine gun until I came again.

After kissing her back and neck, I handed her the toilet paper and slowly pulled out while she used the t.p to catch the love juices leaking from her vagina.

"Between you and me, Rod, I'm going to need more."

I grabbed another handful and took the wet used paper from her while she took the fresh wad and tucked it between the lips of her glorious pelt.

I kissed her, hard and lovingly. 

She kissed back. Then she grinned. "Well, was that enough more?"

"No."

She looked surprised and maybe a little hurt.

"Sarah, I don't think I could ever have enough of you. If we did just what we did every day, I would want it twice a day. And there were a couple of activities, at least, we did not visit. But yes, this far exceeded my hopes for the more I initially desired."

We got dressed. After each piece of clothing was reapplied, we kissed. And groped, and hugged.

When we were dressed and it was clearly time for one of us to depart, I asked her, "Sarah, that was beyond incredible. Is there anything I can do to show you how much this, and you, mean to me?"

She gave herself a brief but careful examination in the mirror, then moved against me and kissed me hard, thrusting her tongue into my mouth, and held the kiss a long time.

"Yes, there is, and soon."

She put her hand on the doorknob and turned back to me.

"Give me more." 

She opened the door just enough to let her through and I locked it behind her, to give her time to get away.

I would have to messenger her on Facebook and then get a motel room for the two of us. We would have hours and hours of more.

END