 Author's note:

This is just a fun little romp, nothing serious. It shares some elements with the "All for you" series, because this story started life before I wrote those.

I hope it's a little enjoyable. Comments welcome. Constructive criticism welcome even more.

~~~~

The girls looked less miserable now they were warming up in front of the campfire. They still shivered, but was that from the hours they had spent in the lake, clinging to their swamped canoe? Or was it from the scare it had given them? I didn't really care.

I had hung their shorts, shirts and underwear to dry. I had not packed for guests, so the only clothing I had to offer the three of them were old t-shirts and beach towels.

"Hey you," I said to the short one with the red hair. "Sorry... forgot your name."

"Sarah."

"Yeah, Sarah. And you other two?" I said.

"Pri. Prisha," said the tall, dusky one. She spoke with a hint of an English accent.

The blonde girl said, "I already told you once. Julia."

"Okay. Well, Sarah, Prisha and Julia, you might want to open your towels now. The fire will warm you up faster that way."

Sarah smirked. "And give an old man a front row seat to a wet t-shirt contest?"

I sighed. "If you dried off like I told you before putting on my shirts, there won't be anything to see. Anyway, it's nothing I haven't seen many times before."

Sarah frowned, but let the towel she had been clutching fall open. On her short frame, my t-shirt hung past her knees like an over-sized nightgown. Her ample chest pushed out the top, but nothing was showing.

Her dark friend opened her towel too. She was tall with dusky skin and shining dark hair... she had to be Indian or South Asian of some kind. Her breasts didn't seem nearly as large. On her, the t-shirt only came to mid-thigh, but she stretched the hem lower on her legs protectively as she leaned closer to the fire.

Julia, the blonde, kept her towel clutched tight and sat hunched, scowling, into the fire.

"So now that you've rescued us, can you drive us back to the campground?" said Sarah.

"Nope."

"We can pay."

"You said all your stuff was at the bottom of the lake. With your phones and everything else."

"Yeah, but... oh, shit! It had my bank cards too. We don't have any money."

"Ever heard of a dry sack? It's what you put your valuables in when you go canoeing. They float."

Sarah frowned at me again. "We just went for a little paddle. Well... maybe a long paddle. But it's not like we're professional canoeists or anything."

"No kidding. Experienced canoeists don't swamp their boat then let everything float away, including their paddles."

The dark girl finally spoke. "SOMEONE stood up to take a picture." She scowled at Sarah.

"Pri, it was a bald eagle, okay? I needed a picture to post online. Anyway, I'll make it up to you when we get back. If Julia and I don't find you a guy by tonight, I'll do you myself."

Prisha gasped. "Sssh! Sarah, you have the most filthy mouth." She glanced at me, deeply embarrassed. I liked the slightly stilted way she spoke.

"So how about it, mister?" said Sarah. "Drive us back?"

I gestured down to the shore. "See my canoe down there next to yours? That's all the transportation there is. Now, so we don't have to play 20 questions, let me lay it out for you: my camp here is the only thing for miles. All the fancy cottages are up near the North end of the lake near the campground. There's no road down here. There's no nothing. Boat is the only way to get around."

"Then can I use your phone to call the campground? The park rangers must have a motorboat. They'll come get us."

I shrugged. "Well, you can ask, but this is way outside their jurisdiction. The rangers only come down here for emergencies and to look for floaters."

"Floaters?"

"Bodies. Some idiot manages to drown themselves about once a year. The wind tends to push them down this way. Like it pushed you three."

"Oh, God! That's gross!" said Sarah, wrinkling her nose. "Anyway, this IS an emergency. We need to get back."

"You're camping with your family. Or friends?"

"We're by ourselves. But we can't just stay here."

I sighed and walked up to get my phone out of the tent. I called the campground and got the park supervisor. We knew each other well enough.

"Cameron? Daniel here. Yep, that Daniel. How you doing? Listen... I fished some of your campers out of the lake. Three girls... mid-20's, I guess. They had one of your rental canoes. What? No, don't get excited... the canoe is fine. I checked it myself. No dents. No scratches."

"Hey now..." said Sarah, but I waved her to silence.

"No really. The canoe is fine. I'll bring it back when I can. What? The girls? Oh, I guess they're okay too. Here... you can talk to them."

I handed Sarah the phone. "You'll have to stand up to get a good signal. We're right at the edge of cell reception here."

Sarah answered the superintendent's questions: which campsite they were on, that there wasn't anyone to notify and so on. Then he wished her a safe paddle back and hung up.

"Son of a bitch! He isn't going to come get us."

"I thought as much. You're not hurt. And getting yourself stranded isn't an emergency."

Sarah looked toward my canoe. "Then can you take us back?"

I pointed to the sky. "It'll be dark in an hour or so. And I'm not canoeing at night. No one's going anywhere until morning."

The three girls looked at each other with uncertainty and dread. Prisha glanced at the lake like she was considering swimming back. Julia looked like she was considering drowning me just to play it safe.

I shook my head. "Worried? Don't be. I'm mostly harmless. Tell you what... if you're warm enough now, let me show you around camp. You'll see."

The girls wrapped themselves in their towels and followed me up to the tent. 

Julia looked at the sagging canvas monstrosity with disdain. ""Did you pull this out of a dumpster?"

"Are you kidding? This is a spike tent. Hard to find. Real canvas. High enough to stand up in. Straight sides. Door in the middle. Hell of a lot better than those dainty nylon tents everyone uses now. Here... look."

I held opened the door, and the girls peered inside.

"Wow... it has rooms," said Pri.

The tent had a central open corridor with interior canvas walls on either side. It created private rooms, one on each side. I showed them the room I used.

"There's a bed," exclaimed Prisha.

"Queen sized air mattress," I said, "Anything to get off the ground. There's another one on the other side for when my buddies stay over. It'll be big enough for you three if you snuggle. Anyway, you'll have privacy and one whole side of the tent to yourselves. It'll be comfortable enough for one night."

The girls looked less wary after seeing the accommodations.

"Now," I said, "I imagine you're hungry about now."

Prisha said, "Oh, yes! I'm absolutely famished."

I showed them what little I had in the cooler. The girls decided on hamburgers. Sarah spied a bottle of vodka on ice and asked for a sip.

~~~

We sat around the fire, eating and sipping vodka as night closed in. It was a humid summer night, but a fire always felt good.

The girls chatted with each other. They could not have been more different. Sarah was maybe five foot two, curvy with messy copper hair and pale skin. Her friend Pri was tall and lanky with delicate features and flashing dark eyes. Julia had loose blonde hair. No dark roots showed and her skin tone and cheekbones suggested she might be a natural blonde.

"Hey you," said Sarah. "Sorry... forgot your name."

"Oh, hah hah," I said. "It's Daniel. Or Dan. Whatever."

"Okay, Daniel Whatever... what's your story? Are you a hermit? Or hiding from the cops or something?"

"You're not shy at all, are you? How about it's none your business?"

"Why are you being so nasty?"

"Gee, I wonder. Maybe because I bought this land so I could get away and be alone? Maybe because it's the last long weekend of the summer? Maybe it's because I had to rescue three idiot girls who are eating my food, drinking my booze and haven't had the common courtesy to even say a simple thank you?"

Sarah was silent for a moment. Pri looked at her feet while Julia maintained her scowl.

"Huh... you're right," said Sarah. "We didn't thank you. That's really fucking rude, isn't it?"

She stood and walked around the fire to me, swaying her hips and fixing me with a predatory look. When she reached me, she plopped down across my lap and clamped my hand on her naked thigh, high under the dress-like t-shirt.

Sarah put her arms around my neck and looking into my eyes she said, "Thank you for rescuing us, Daniel. And for sharing your food. And..." she pulled into a long, warm kiss, "...a special thank you for the vodka."

When she saw I was sufficiently flustered by her attention, Sarah smiled with mischievous satisfaction. She whispered, "That's just a start. Maybe later I can thank you more when everyone else is asleep."

She sauntered back to her friends. Pri covered her eyes in embarrassment. Julia only shook her head at her friend's antics.

We chatted, drank and enjoyed the fire. I learned that the girls had all went to college together and still shared an apartment back in town. It was their first time camping.

"We wanted to try it, and maybe find some guys to hook up with," said Sarah. "We're trying to get Prisha out of her shell and loosen the hell up." 

"Sarah!" said Prisha in a hushed tone.

"What? You're too shy. Too proper. You need to get laid more. What's it been now... a year since you were banging whats-his-face?"

Prisha looked like she wanted to crawl under a bush and die.

"Anyway, we were starting to set up and a bunch of guys rolled into the next campsite. I thought we'd hit the jackpot, but they were all assholes. Why are guys such jerks?"

I said, "Not ALL guys are, you know." 

"Most are."

"You need to hang around better guys."

"Anyway," said Sarah, "when Pri saw there were canoes, she insisted we rent one. We were going to switch to another campsite when we got back."

Julia said, "Now we're trapped here with a serial killer sex fiend, for all we know. What stops you from molesting us during the night?"

I said, "Somehow, I bet the three of you could defend yourself. But don't worry... the code of chivalry forbids me taking advantage of damsels in distress."

Sarah smirked. "Oh, so you're a knight in shining armor? Our Sir Galahad? Or maybe you're only Don Quixote."

"Oh, educated are we?" I said, surprised. "Well, if I remember, Galahad was completely virtuous, so that can't be me. And Quixote was a batshit crazy old man. I'm only 37. That's not that old."

"And..." prompted Sarah.

"And what?"

"What about being batshit crazy?"

I shrugged and grinned evilly.

"Oh, fuck," said Sarah, laughing. "You really know how to put a girl at ease. So, okay then, Quixote... why do you want to be alone?"

"What?"

"You said you got this land so you could be alone. Why would anyone ever want to be alone?"

"Not everyone is as outgoing as you are, Sarah. And I don't want to talk about it."

"A mystery man, eh? Woman troubles?" When that got no response from me, she said, "Maaaan troubles?"

I said, "Look, I'm between women right now, okay? And I like having time alone."

"Hmm," said Sarah, "I'll get the story out of you, eventually. I always do." She grinned. "So you're like, Mr. Outdoors man? Living in a tent, fighting bears and eating pine cones?"

"Hardly. I live in the city, too. The tent is only temporary. See up the hill there? Once I get more of that land cleared, I'm building a cabin."

"In the middle of nowhere? Just you?" asked Sarah.

"It wasn't supposed to be that way. But yeah. The cabin will be spectacular... big windows overlooking the lake, solar panels, compost toilet, wood stove, wood-heated hot tub. I can show you the plans."

"Hang on... what do you mean 'wasn't supposed to be'? What happened? Wife dumped you? Girlfriend found someone better?"

"Let's talk about something else."

"Oh, I know," Sarah laughed, "the wife had enough of your shit and left you for another man."

"Sarah..." said Julia, trying to restrain her friend.

"Or maybe she left you for another woman? Wow... that's really gotta hurt."

"Look," I said, "she died, okay?"

Silence. "Uh, what?"

"My wife. We bought this land together. It was going to be our private getaway. But there was an accident. A bad one. Two weeks of her going from bad to worse. Then they couldn't do anything more, and... she died."

Sarah looked away, embarrassed. Pri covered her mouth and started blinking back tears while Julia stared at the ground, slowly shaking her head.

Finally, Sarah said, "Well, that's shitty. Really shitty. I'm sorry."

"It's was a few years ago. But I'm still going the clear this land and build our cabin. Even if it kills me. My buddies come and help when they can. One of my friends has a powerboat to bring out the heavy stuff. We cut trees, pull stumps, clear the rocks, shoot the shit and get drunk."

After a long pause, Sarah lifted her mug and said, "Well, here's to your cabin. It sounds awesome. Really awesome."

~~~~

We were out of firewood, so I dragged some logs over from the pile and got the splitting ax. Sarah and Prisha oohed and awed sarcastically each time I split a log. Julia sat studying me.

"Hey, mountain man," Sarah yelled, "Take off your shirt! Take off your shirt!" Pri laughed and hooted encouragement.

I kept in okay shape, so I called her bluff. I stripped off my shirt and struck a ridiculous pose with the ax.

"Ugh! Gross!" yelled Sarah. "Put it back on! Put it back on!" The girls laughed and clapped at their little joke.

When I finished with the wood, I put my shirt back on, and we chatted more. This time, Sarah insisted I sit between her and Pri. Sarah had a non-stop stream of crude jokes and stories, always checking to see who was more outraged: me, Prisha or Julia. Prisha alternated between laughing, and hiding her face in embarrassment, though sometimes she injected a few rude zingers of her own into the conversation. Julia just rolled her eyes, shook her head and stared at the fire.

These three had ruined my weekend plans and robbed me of the time I needed to be alone, but I wasn't angry anymore. I had forgotten how much fun it was to be with lively women, trading insults and innuendo and just having fun. It had been too long. 

Each of them was lovely in their own way: Sarah with her impish face splashed with light freckles and large boobs swaying under the loose t-shirt, Prisha, dark and elegant, her long legs stretched out in the firelight, her eyes flashing. Julia with golden hair and Nordic features, trying to remain cold and aloof.

More than once I caught Sara and Prisha sneaking glances at me. I found myself idly wondering what they would be like in bed. Sarah would be a wildcat, I was sure: hungry, insistent and leading the show. Prisha I imagined would be passive, letting me do anything I wanted. And Julia the frost queen? Forget it.

I shuddered and pushed the thoughts away. It was stupid. Not only was I at least ten years older than these girls, but they were under my protection. They had nowhere to go, and having some old guy creeping on them would not only be wrong, it would be horrifying.

Suddenly, Sara stood up, wobbling a little. "The fire's too hot. And it's humid. Hey, I know..." She started walking towards the lake.

"Uh oh," said Prisha. She glanced at Julia.

We all went after Sarah, only to see her strip off her shirt and walk naked into the water.

"Can she swim?" I asked as we started running.

"Of course," said Prisha, "but she's a bit drunk."

"Sarah," I shouted. "Come back! We can swim later."

She was already up to her boobs and wading farther out. She called back, "It's not that cold! C'mon in you guys." 

Prisha looked at me in desperation.

I stripped to my underwear and jogged into the water. When I got close, Sarah turned and put her arms around my neck, pressing herself against me.

"Hey there, Quixote," she slurred, "come to swim with me? Or did you have some 'jousting' in mind?" She jumped up, wrapped her legs around my back and started to grind against me. "I wouldn't mind that, you know."

"I think you'd be better off with someone your own age," I said.

Sarah thrust against me. "Oh, what's wrong with a friendly little romp? Not like I'm asking you to marry me or anything."

I held her under her ass and waded back. Sarah laughed, kicked and cursed until I got her to the shore. I set her down, and she pouted as Prisha wrapped her in a towel, and she and Julia led her back to the fire.

I stripped off my wet underwear and pulled on my shorts and shirt. When I got back to the fire, Prisha and Julia were helping Sarah pull her t-shirt over her damp body, while shielding her from my view.

"That was fun," smiled Sarah. "But you didn't come in! Skinny dipping with a hot guy is just what you girls need."

We agreed it was time to put Sarah to bed. We dragged her, protesting, up to the tent and set up the air mattress.

Sarah grabbed Pri and pulled her onto it, kissing her and massaging a boob through Pri's t-shirt.

"Sarah... not now!" exclaimed Pri. She pushed her away and stood up, embarrassed.

"Come on, Pri!" said Sarah. "Come cuddle with me." She flopped onto her back, her large breasts pushing out her shirt.

Julia said, "I'll stay, Sarah. But only if you sleep. You're the only one in the mood right now."

Once I was sure Sarah and Julia were settled, I went back down to the fire. 

Prisha followed.

~~~~

I sat and poked at the fire. Pri sat beside me.

"I am very sorry about Sarah," she said. "She gets playful."

"She seems like a handful. Good thing she has you and Julia to watch out for her."

"She watches out for us too. If it wasn't for Sarah, we would all be at home this weekend streaming girl movies. She stops us from being too boring."

"It's none of my business, but Sarah seems to like girls. Are you..."

"What? No! We like guys. Sarah too."

"It didn't seem like it back there."

"It's all rather embarrassing."

"...meaning?"

Prisha flicked her eyes towards the tent as if to check the others couldn't hear. She leaned over and said, "We've been friends a long time. And when we get frustrated, sometimes Sarah likes to... help me out. You know? She would help Julia too if she let her."

"And you?"

"Well... then sometimes I help her out too. It's... not my favorite thing, but it's only fair."

"Kids these days," I said. "I don't know why you'd ever need to be frustrated. You all seem to have your act together. You're all really pretty. What kind of idiot guys do you hang out with?"

Pri laughed. "No one 'hangs out' anymore. You find a guy on an app. You hook up, maybe see him one more time, then find someone else."

"Well, I can see why you only get worthless guys. You need a better way to meet people."

"The camping trip was Sarah's idea for that. She said there would be hot, outdoorsy guys everywhere. But all I saw were the same type of idiots as in town, and married guys camping with their families."

We chatted more. I asked about her accent. Pri said her parents were from England, by way of Bangalore and had moved here before she was born. She said her upbringing wasn't traditional, but it was strict enough.

"Sarah keeps pushing me," she said, "trying to get me to let loose a little."

"And Julia?" I asked. "She's not very friendly."

"Oh, please don't get the wrong impression. She's only mad because she didn't want to come in the first place. And now she's stuck here with a guy she doesn't know. She... well, she's had bad experiences with men. But she is a good friend. She warms up once she gets to know people."
