 Its a warm summer night. It's late...around midnight. Everyone is asleep and the neighborhood is calm and quiet. There is barely a gentle breeze outside yet there is enough moon light I can see the window glow a little. I can't sleep. I'm restless and my body is telling me I need some sensual attention. I can't lay in bed anymore. I need to feel free, sexual and uninhibited. I love my body and love making it feel alive.

I get out of bed and walk through the house to the back door. I open the door and feel the night air hit my face. It feels good and smells just right. I don't worry about my clothes for I sleep naked. I don't like being bound by clothes and besides, the feel of soft sheets on my bare skin is erotic enough. 

I step out into the warmth of the summer night and make my way slowly to a wooden lounge chair I have set up in the yard. Laying down on it I look up at the stars above and smile at how relaxing it is to see them, always there like a good ole friend. I then snap back to the reality that my body has been telling me how much it needs sexual release and stimulation. I feel it welling up deep inside me.

My hands begin to roam my naked body. I feel my chest then down my stomach. I slide to my sides and down my legs feeling the curvature of my hips and the muscles that are embedded in them. I then move back up and towards the junction of my legs and feel my sac where the best of life is made and connected to the very thing that makes me all the sense of a man. Its already growing to the shape that has always intrigued me. The firmness and power it enjoys. I pause to feel this whole part of me as my other hand continues to travel back upward to my chest.

The more I feel myself the more the tension builds inside. I feel the need to let it build and take control of my whole body. The only problem I see is that I'm alone and this was not the way I was meant to be. My body wants to be connected to the very thing it was meant to be with and there's no one around in my sense, of the female anatomy, who's gonna help. I flash back to my own moment that is building. I feel the warm air surrounding my naked body and the fact that my own temperature is rising. My skin begins to be more sensitive to my own touch. My cock is now raging at its peak and as I slide my hand up and down its shape and rigid structure I feel my aching rising inside and I'm so thrilled.

I'm laying on the wooden lounge chair, fully exposed to the whole world as it would seem but the world is asleep. It wouldn't take an expert passing by next door or down the alley to figure out what I'm doing. My hands eagerly moving over my body and paying close attention to my sexual gifts. My fingers even basking at my own ass teasing the erogenous parts I rarely think about. 

Even while I'm so wrapped up in the moment I do not notice you. Oh yes, there you are. Naked. You've seen me and I've never noticed you. You silently make your way to the rear gate and proceed to open it and seductively stride your way to where I'm laying. I don't even notice you till you are standing right at me. I crack my eyes open and see your beauty standing there with the faint glow of the moon light shimmering off your body. I see your pure curves, your full naked figure. You have a faint smile and calm, approving look in your eyes.

You move to the head of my chair and lean forward and place your legs on either side of me and lower yourself down to my body. I look up and your body gets closer. I smell your sweet smell of not only cleanliness but the smell only a woman can posses. You continue on till you present me with your forbidden zone only opened for the right person, the right moment. I feel your lips caress my swollen shaft. I feel just a kiss then more and more of your mouth takes me in. I don't hesitate to share the same back to you as I begin to stretch my tongue out to your own swollen lips. I slowly caress them then a little more and more. I find your clit and begin to tease it. I seduce it and as I do I can feel and hear your own breath charge with pleasure. I feel the attention you are giving me growing with every caress I give to your own vaginal arena.

We share this for what seems like an hour. We take our time as in fact we have the whole evening to ourselves. The moment is so charged and yet not a word spoken.

I let my hands roam your naked body. I feel the warmth of your smooth skin. Your hands have been doing the same and exploring the very part of me you so desire to feel inside you.

You rise above me signifying the moment is drawing near. I see from the moon light the moisture that has grown in the precious area I am now so attracted to. You stand and turn and climb up on top of me now facing me. I see your glowing body up above me and your beauty staring at me. Your perfect long hair, slender neck, your breasts mounted perfectly to your chest and nipples that seem to want to stretch out to the stars. You begin to lower yourself. Then I look and see the sight of all sights. Its like the very images we all grew up seeing when two space vehicles come together as they dock. It is all in slow motion. Your now wet swollen lips lower closer to my rock hard shaft. Then...it happens. I feel it. You feel it. We touch. Your lips kiss the tip of my cock. There is a pause. Then you lower yourself down more.

I see your lips move as there is now pressure from my head. Then the amazing thing happens. Your lips separate and I'm granted access. I see my very self begin to get swallowed up inside your beautiful body. My mind races. We are becoming one. We are becoming a living unit and our bodies are becoming complete.

The reality sinks lower and lower till you are all the way down. My cock is now all your's and your pussy is all mine and it is absolutely amazing. Once again there is a pause and righfully so. We mutually feel each other from the inside out. Then it happens. You begin to move. We begin the music which perfect harmony makes when all is right. Our bodies begin to move, to dance, to sway like sea weed does in the ocean current. You rise, you sway and I move in ways that make you feel just as complete. Our bodies coupled and the temperature rises between us. We are inseparable. We can't stop. There is no stopping. We only hear our breathing get more intense. Minutes pass and we can't stop. I feel your body tense. Your motions become more pronounced. You drive harder and harder, faster and faster. The hunger inside you grows more and more. Your womb begs for more. Your own soul demands more. Your drive cancels out anything else around you and you keep moving like nothing else matters. The tingle sensation from your clit is driving you mad. It has to be released. There is no other way. The sensation builds. You've not felt a cock as thick as this, ever. You've not been penetrated this deep before and it is amazing. You don't care about how long it is but the fact that it's there is most amazing.

Your body tension is about to explode. Beads of sweat are forming all over your body. My own loins are getting tight. I feel my own become drawn up tight against me. My body begins to tell me the moment is drawing near. The sensation inside me has grown that I know your actions will make me loose control. There is no stopping. I feel my own pooling up as if I had a clone of Old Faithful inside me about to erupt.

Then it happens. Its the feeling of walking along the edge of a cliff and then we take that final step over the edge and there is no turning back. Your body explodes. Its agony, it's a fight to keep consciousness. Your body releases EVERYTHING. There is a gush of satisfaction and a flow that would be compared to the bursting of a dam. The flood gates are opened and we both share the best of each other and mix it all up. My seed spews and jets up inside you and meets the very honey you make best. We mix ourselves and complete our unity and its most amazing.

Tension was awesome and it now begins to subside. As much as we both don't want it to we both know that the pleasure was most worth it and you completely lower yourself down onto my body with me still up inside you. We lay together for what seems like the rest of the night. My arms around you and our naked bodies together as we both enjoy.

Then the moment occurs. We both know it would be and yet we don't want it. You lift yourself up and with a wink you turn and walk away just as you did when you appeared. I watch. I look to see you as long as possible as the night darkness eventually swallows you up. I lay there basking in the memory of what has occurred. Feeling drained I manage to peel myself up from the wooden lounge chair and walk back inside. I don't bother to make any stops except to the very sheets of my bed from where this all started. I lay my head down and with a glance at the clock beside me I see that I was up a long time. The next memory was not a memory as I never realized how long it took me to fall asleep.

Then, I slept.