 The sky was clear and starlight fell upon us as we lay reclining on the beach in the evening air. Her touch was warm and soft; while we cuddled beneath a blanket on the soft sand. Our fire light danced before us and cast gyrating shadows on the cliffs that enclosed our cove.

My lips found hers, and I kissed her softly on the mouth, my tongue probing. I reached behind her and pulled her body close to mine. Our kissing became more intense, our breathing deeper, our bodies moved against one another. My lips traveled down her chin, to her neck; I nibbled and licked her soft flesh.

The sound of the waves lapping on the shore dueled with the song of the crickets in the wood. The chilled night air felt cool, I rubbed her thighs with my strong warm hands. Her legs parted, welcoming my touch. I slid them beneath her skirt and I could feel the dampness of her panties between her legs.

The breeze off of the lake soon became too cool, so we decided to move into the cabin. I carried her across the sand, though the door. I wasted no time in taking her into the bedroom. She was quite willingly, and very aroused after the long session of kissing by the fire. I held her in my strong arms, close to my body so that I could feel the warmth of her body, the depth of her breathing, and the beating of her heart upon my chest.

I slowly removed her clothing, admiring her lovely body with each article I removed. We slid beneath the covers. The sheets were cool against our skin. I noticed that goose bumps had risen and her nipples hardened. The cool sheets were not what had hardened my dick.

I could feel my cock straining against the material of my shorts when we were on the beach, now she had freed it and it was wet on the tip. Now she slid her lips towards my penis, as I lay beneath the covers. Over my stomach, she traced her tongue, then along the shaft until she could taste that sweet drop that had formed on the tip. I felt a moan growing from deep inside my gut as she took the head all the way into her throat. She milked me with her hand and her tongue, until she felt my balls sucked up under the skin and I am sure she tasted my hot cum when I exploded into her mouth. 

She slid up to my face, kissing me full on the mouth. I could taste myself as my tongue probed deeply inside her mouth. Now it was my turn to pleasure her.

I kissed down her chest, between her breasts. I playfully kissed around her nipples, with out making contact. My tongue circled her breasts, coming closer and closer, until she moved her nipple directly into the path of my hot wet tongue. I took her nipple into my mouth, holding it with my teeth, while I passed my tongue over the end of the nipple.

I cupped her other breast in my hand, holding the nipple between my thumb and forefinger. While rolling her nipple, I slid my tongue over the end of it. She squirmed beneath me, rubbing her pussy against my thigh. Her body tensed and she arched against me, a soft moan uttered from her mouth.

I moved down upon her, planting kisses, licks, and playful nibbles on her stomach, hips, thighs, and the inside of her legs as I passed over her skin. Her body rose to me as I planted each kiss, wanting me to move closer to her waiting pussy.

Finally, I could feel the fur of her mound on my cheek. I slid my tongue over her lips, and then my tongue slid between her warm moist lips like a knife cutting through soft butter. Her hips quivered at the sensation. I was squeezing and massaging her buttocks as my tongue worked its way up her slit. I love the way that she tasted, clean and warm.

I lapped at her juices, forcing my tongue inside her pussy and then back up her slit towards her clit. She reached down and parted her lips for me. I gazed into her soft warm eyes while my tongue began circling her clit, stroking it on all sides and over the end. She rolled her hips against my movements, spreading her legs wider. I slid a finger inside her, then a second, moving them with a ‘come hither’ motion.

Her legs were held wide, my fingers moving deeply inside her, my tongue was on her clit, and she was bucking hard against my face. Then her body shuddered, she tensed, and then she was relaxed. 

I moved my face away from her, and rose over her, putting my face next to hers. She kissed me, and I am sure she could taste herself on my lips. My cock was hard again, and found its way between her velvet folds. It entered her, stretching her pussy wide as it entered.

I put her feet beneath my shoulders, driving my cock deep inside her. My balls slapped against her ass as we made love in the dim light. Her warm wet pussy surrounded my cock tightly and I held her breasts while I dove deeply inside her. Her orgasms were always so intense when I was deep inside her like this. I watched the passion in her eyes, then her gaze change, and I knew she was in a far away place, enjoying the moment; until our bodies burst into ecstasy tegether, and I filled her with my juices a second time. 

We were exhausted and we lay together in the afterglow, her head on my shoulder, in my arms, her legs wrapped around my thigh. Out side the waves rolled in, the wind chimes sounded in the cool breeze. We laughed at the sand we find in the sheets, then held one another the night through.