 It was a cold, grim night on the Eastern Seaboard; a "nor'easter" was in the region, and freezing rain was pelting down like little lancets in the gusting wind. The man was desultorily watching the flames leap off the firewood when, unexpectedly, the door-bell rang.

He opened the door and saw her there, soaked and shivering. She said, "My heater's out and the damned car won't start; you're the only one nearby I could think of!" 

Quickly ushering her inside and closing the door against winter's chill, he tore off his bathrobe and laid it on the sofa, next to where she stood. "Get rid of those wet clothes and put this on", he said. "We've got to get you warmed up fast, or you'll catch pneumonia!" 

Tossing two more birch logs on the fire, he ran to the bathroom and turned on the water, extra hot. When the flow came up to temperature, he set the shower-spray to needle-sharpness and returned to the living-room, beckoning her in. He handed her into the tub and told her, "Keep turning around and let the hot spray warm you up!" Gradually, he saw her shivering stop and a more relaxed expression come over her face. The glory of her voluptuous body began to cause a lengthening in his loins. 

He placed his hands on her shoulders to stop her turning and grasped a bar of soap... sensually rubbing it over her arms, shoulders and chest, he lathered her thoroughly, then reached around to wash her back. Taking the moveable shower-head, he rinsed her off, the soapy water descending in twin rivulets from her perked, wrinkled pink nipples. 

Returning the shower-head to its hanger, he carefully sat on the tub floor and began to wash the lower half of her body, being ever so gentle as he soaped her between her legs, then ran the soap bar in caressing circles over her round, firm cheeks. He motioned her to hand him the shower-head and rinsed the soap away.... 

Crossing his ankles behind hers, he grasped her bottom and drew her to him, parting her with his tongue, then forming it into a "U" and stroking her emerging clitoris up and down, up and down, working its sharpened tip deep into her sub-structure, then reaching it into the smooth ring of her entrance, probing her deeply, cork-screwing it, licking her inner walls thirstily. He felt her hands idly playing in his hair as her breathing began to deepen, little murmurs of pleasure escaping her throat.... 

He arose slowly and faced her, bending to kiss both her nipples hungrily, supporting her breasts with his cupped hands. Then he turned her to face the stall wall and poised his cock in the cleft between her cheeks, moving it forward with his hand until he was at her lower lips; then, flexing his hips, he eased it into her, shuddering with pleasure as he felt his corona rippling past her inner lips, then her inner rings. With exquisite slowness he filled her, pausing momentarily to feel how good it was to be inside her, letting her accustom herself to the size of him within. He partially withdrew, then began to thrust into her in a rhythm older than time, yet as new as the next second, feeling a sublime joy in her warmth.... 

Stepping between her legs, he began to thrust faster and more vigorously, fucking straight up into her, lifting her feet from the tub floor with every stroke. Feeling the moment of inevitability looming, he drew her back against him, squeezing her ample breasts in cadence with his driving cock below, his face buried in the angle of her neck and shoulder. Several more thrusts and they were there, a shining star formed of purest intrinsic delight flaring to life between their legs, then going nova with a power that enraptured their souls.... 

He shuddered violently as he came into her, his warm come geysering high into her womb, the head of his cock swelling twice its size to seal his juices within her. Gasping raggedly, he held her there, feet dangling in the air, as the spasms slowly subsided, then lowered her to the tub floor, starting with a gasp as his softening cock slipped out of her. 

He turned her to face him and, covering her mouth with his, kissed her with a tenderness unimaginable only seconds before, their tongues lolling, caressing, tasting.... 

It suddenly occurred to both of them that the water was still showering down, their skins nearly red with warmth, both external and internal. He turned the water off, then reached for two thick terrycloth towels, drying her, then himself with one, handing the other to her to wrap her hair. 

They walked, arms wrapped around each other, back into the living-room, toasty with warmth from the now-roaring fire, and lay spooned together on the sofa. Idly, he began to lip-nibble her ear-lobe, brushing kisses along the smooth arc of her neck and shoulder. He was beginning to become erect again; she smiled sexily over her shoulder, her tongue peeking from between her lips, and rocked her pelvis, offering him entry....