 Simon says: So, it has been awhile. I wrote this when I couldn't get immersed in other stories needing completion. In my need to have a win and get something out, I finished this. Working on others.

Standard text -- This is a very slow burn. Isn't this isn't your thing then no hard feelings. There will be no other chapter to this. Just all-in-one.

*****

Warmth. I just felt warmth. Not stifling heat but certainly it was pressing in on me. I struggled to open my eyes, feeling a mix of dizziness and a little bit of sickness. A bit of light queasiness. But at least I felt this extreme comfort. Truly it was cozy, all the way down my body, all the way to my toes.

I reached out with my other senses. I smelled burning wood, like a fireplace or campfire. I could hear the crackling not far away from where I was lying. And I felt warmth in the air against my cheeks. Almost heat. The heaviness of something covered my whole body except my neck and head. And even there I felt something on my head with just my face exposed to the warm almost stifling air.

As I opened my eyes I saw nothing but blurriness, tinted red. My eyes began adjusting as I heard the wind creaking against windows and the crackling of burning wood. Slowly my eyes came into focus and I began to form a picture of a small one room cabin. 

If I wasn't so hyper-focused on how confused I felt I would actually call it very cute. I found myself in a well-appointed double bed against one wall of an A-frame cabin with a couch and fireplace on the opposing wall. I glanced to my side and saw a clawfoot tub against the wall, not more than five feet from the bed. 

Where was I? How did I get here? What was I doing before I went unconscious? Driving. But where to? To Aunt Jen's for the holidays. That's right. But this wasn't Aunt Jen's. Everything felt fuzzy and scattered. My head was swimming. Mercilessly. 

My eyes scanned the room. Logged walls but carefully decorated with a few outdoorsy paintings. A few rugs strewn almost carelessly on the hardwood floor, but not quite. They looked like they had been casually placed but in reality, someone had seemingly thought it through. It was like I was looking at a HGTV cute little cabin that some great designer had just redesigned for a couple looking for a romantic get-a-way.

I heard a clink of a pot to my right. My head swam a bit as I too quickly turned my head towards the source of the noise.

I saw the back of a man. Tall-ish at around 6 foot he was wearing jeans, wool socks and an untucked pale green tee-shirt. How very cliché for a cabin. But wait, who was he?

As I tried to speak I suddenly became aware of how dry my mouth was. My swallowing and trying to generate saliva must have alerted him as he glanced back.

Now at this point I probably should feel lots of fear as a strange man in a strange cabin has somehow brought me into his strange environment and put me in a strange bed and I have no earthly idea how that happened. But he didn't appear threatening. And who makes someone cozy only to kill them?

And of course, he also immediately reached over to his left and took a kettle off the stove, filling a mug with a dark liquid and brought it directly to me. He seemed concerned.

"Hold still now. Not too fast please," he spoke in a low almost grumbly but not unpleasant voice. Just rather masculine. His eyes conveyed all sorts of concern for me. A soft gentle gaze. I found myself lingering a little on his eyes. I found his glances to be comforting, for now anyway.

"I hope you like hot chocolate?" He handed the mug to me as I nodded. I normally would smile at this point but I was not feeling very smiley. I just felt weak. And confused.

I took a sip. I immediately felt the warmth spread throughout my body in such a very pleasant way. My eyes scanned him as I continued to sip from the mug. 

Glancing again at him I noticed his eyes were a bit blue-grey and a bit sleepy. The scruff on his face wasn't exactly a full beard but was more than the closely trimmed beards you see as stylish now-a-days, like it was not that way to seem rugged, just that he actually WAS rugged. Flecks of grey covered his chin while the rest of his facial hair was a dark brown, matching his hair. I guessed that he was probably in his forties. His face seemed younger but the grey seemed to contradict that.

He seemed pleasant and kind. Seemed it anyway.

"You probably have some questions for me, I imagine," he spoke softly. I think he was trying to make sure I didn't feel threatened by him. I got the feeling the way he was speaking was not his normal approach. 

As if to reinforce this, he pulled up a chair but placed it far enough back that I had plenty of space around me. I am sure he knows how confused and scared I might be.

I could only nod as I really didn't want to let my lips move away from the hot beverage that seemed to be constantly radiating a delicious warmth throughout my body.

"You seemed to be in an accident and ended up in the ice," he began. His eyes watched me closely while he continued, "I brought you here to keep you from freezing." At this point his eyes darted down.

I worked in sales so I had been trained in reading body language and nonverbal cues. He just shifted to being uncomfortable. Pretty obvious. What could make that fact uncomfortable?

And at that point I noticed what I was wearing underneath the hill of blankets covering me. More accurately, what I was not wearing. Certainly, looser than what I wore when I began my trip to my aunt's house -- skinny jeans, t-shirt, cable-knit sweater, wool socks, boots, bra and panties. Whatever I was wearing did not include much if anything of those. Maybe that was the discomfort: he had to remove my wet frozen clothes. Not a terribly pleasant thought for me but then I don't think I could blame him for it. 

I felt a little bit of a rush to my cheeks as I thought about being undressed by him. Did he enjoy it at all? Maybe that is why he is uncomfortable. If so, then that is very sweet of him. And a little attractive. But then I don't know who he is. He could be married. Or gay. Or a serial killer. Ok, probably not the last one. Hopefully.

I paused in the sipping and tried to clear my throat, "when?" My voice was a bit raspy.

He brought his eyes immediately back to me. "When did you have the accident?" I nodded. "It was yesterday late afternoon."

"Time?" While my voice was doing a little better I still felt weak and fragile. These are not things I like to feel. I am all about strength but unfortunately there was no strength to summon at a time like this.

"The time of the accident?" I shook my head no. "Oh, the time right now?" He asked, as if we were speaking two different languages. I nodded again.

He quickly glanced at his watch, "two in the afternoon."

So, I had been out for about a full day.

"Um . . . I can . . . do you think you are ready for soup?" He spoke a little nervously. I normally would think this guy was very endearing if I wasn't in this physical and mental state. So here I would normally smile. But I didn't. I just nodded weakly.

As if relieved that he had a task to do, he immediately jumped up and moved to the kitchen.

"Your name?" I weakly got out as he started the stove up.

He glanced back at me. "Oh yes, sorry." He turned to face me, "I am James Farmer." He kinda smirked. It looked like he was trying to smile but he caught himself in mid-motion. 

"My friends call me Jim."

"I'm Liz," I began a little softer than I normally would do this. Of course, I was prone on a bed with 60 pounds of blankets on my body. Oh, and a stocking cap on my head. Wait, I didn't notice that before. I am not exactly a stocking cap girl at all. 

He just nodded, "I know. Well Elizabeth. I tried to find a number to call on your behalf when I brought you up here." He pointed to the bedside table, "I wasn't trying to snoop, but I did find your license. And your phone." He then glanced at me apologetically, "but it is dead though."

I pulled my arm out of my cocoon and reached for the phone. I know it had been charged so it probably suffered damage when it went in the ice and water.

"Sorry," he was staring at me trying to turn it back on, but then returned to his cooking.

It wasn't long before I smelled the soup fill the cabin with an amazing aroma - some sort of beef and vegetable stew. Between that and the warm fire with the smell of burning cedar, I felt very comfortable and safe.

I had just finished the ridiculously satisfying mug of hot chocolate when James began walking towards me with a steaming bowl, napkin, utensils and some water on a serving tray.

I watched his large hands gently grip the tray as he stopped a few feet shy of the bed. "Do you want to try sitting up?"

I nodded and actually tried a smile. That seemed to help him relax a bit. "Need some help?"

"I don't think so," I managed as I tried to unravel the tightly tucked blankets. He watched me struggle for about fifteen seconds and then I heard a soft chuckle.

I felt heat on my cheeks and I wanted to get feisty but then I am sure it looked a little silly for me to being fighting with tightly wound blankets.

He cleared his throat, "sorry, I tucked you in rather tight." He had already set the tray down and had moved towards me.

I am not sure if I conveyed concern but he halted right next to the bed, "may I?" His voice and eyes were gentle.

I nodded, slightly defeated. I am not really super happy with this feeling dependent thing.

He nodded again, leaned down and began to untuck the blanket. While his hands got close to touching me, he never did. He seemed to be very concerned about that.

He then paused for a second.

"Did you need help sitting up?"

I am not sure if I did need help, but I think I wanted it. So, I nodded.

He took a breath, stepping close to me. His large hands lightly slid down my sides. He locked eyes with mine as he gently gripped my hips. I felt a little rush as I felt his big fingers move along the cloth across my skin. He carefully slid me back so that I could slide up the pillows and more-or-less sit up. I felt a little disappointment as he completed his task and his hands moved away.

He then grabbed the tray and set it across my lap.

"Thank you."

"You are welcome." 

I immediately felt the pangs of hunger hit me as I took in the sight and smells of the soup in front of me. It is interesting how the body puts some needs on hold until it can deal with whatever is the priority. I am guessing I am feeling less stressed or something. Regardless, the hunger hit me all at once and I began to devour the soup.

He sat back in his chair and watched me, from his safe distance.

"How did you know I was in the ice?" 

My need for information and context forced me to squeeze out a question between bites. Incidentally, it may have been because my body had been so wrecked and I so desperately needed it, but that could have been the best soup I had ever tasted. Each bite sent some serious radiating warmth all over my body. Honestly, it was kind of like a bunch of little orgasms. Kind of.

"I heard the car hit and crack a tree before it slid down the bank into the pond." He paused for a moment. I kept looking at him expectantly as I ate, so he continued.

"I thought it might be a car accident and it turns out I was right." He looked off for a moment as if he was picturing it all in his mind.

"I threw on boots and ran down the hill. I could see the trunk of your car sticking out of the lake. I didn't see you on the bank so I figured you were still inside."

"How did you get me out?" My bowl wasn't quite empty but it was rather close. I glanced at the stove in hopes that there was more available.

He smiled reading me easily, reaching out his hand expectantly. I handed him the bowl and watched him turn and head back to the stove.

He turned back carrying bowl number two. I began to salivate. "Well, I broke the back window with a rock I found and climbed in far enough until I found you." 

I must've raised my eyebrows as he added, "I didn't get completely wet, just up to my thighs and then my arms as I leaned over."

I nodded as I started shoveling in new spoonfuls. Normally I would be a bit more prim and proper but this guy had seen me at my worst so there was no need to be lady-like.

He settled back into the chair and continued, "so I carried you up here as quickly as I could." He then sat back as if to indicate that was the end of the tale.

Of course, I wasn't going to let that happen. But he could have his short break as I finished the second bowl of mini-orgasms.

I felt my belly start to get full and so carefully placed the nearly empty bowl aside.

And then I noticed I needed to pee. I inwardly sighed as the next phase of needs initiated.

"Um, do you have a bathroom?"

"Oh yes, of course. Right back there next to the kitchen area." He gestured to a very thin door right next to the stove. I didn't notice it at all before.

I nodded, and with a little amount of dread swung my legs out from under the comfortable blanket cocoon. He stayed where he was but seemed ready to leap to his feet if I needed it. I appreciated that.

Apparently, I was wearing a rather large flannel shirt (I am sure this was his), two oversized wool socks that came up almost to my knees, a stocking hat (I never wear stocking hats but it was keeping me warm so I was just going to roll with it), and what I assumed was a pair of boxer shorts (without a doubt, his).

I stood, with more assurance than I thought I would be able to muster, and padded towards the bathroom door.

So, the bathroom essentially was a tiny closet with a toilet in it, just enough room to stand and sit. As I prepared to do the latter, I couldn't help but smile as I noticed he had tied a knot of sorts in the waistband of the boxers to help them not fall down past my hips. Cute.

Jim was big in the sense that he was tall and broad but his waist was not that big. He looked like he had a flat-ish stomach based on how his shirt sat on him. But I was much smaller than him (5'5 as compared to his 6' plus) and my size wasn't in my waist but rather my boobs (a medium C cup) so I actually was glad that he had helped me out there.

Of course, it was at this moment that I was reminded that tall, broad shouldered, big strong hands James had apparently undressed me and carefully redressed me in this very outfit. I hadn't wrapped my mind around all that had happened, but this created a little tug-o-war in me between being embarrassed by the fact that this man had seen me naked and me being a little turned on, in hopes that he might have enjoyed it a little.

I finished my business, tying the knot in the waist with a pleased smile, and stepped back into the warmth of the room.

Having washed my hands, I moved back to the bed and sat back down. "Do you mind if I get back under the covers?"  

"No, please, help yourself." He had moved to the fireplace, stoking the fire a bit. The bowl and the rest of the dishes were already gone. 

Settling back into a semi-cocoon this time I looked at him, "so you brought me in here and . . . "

He looked a little hesitant, but then nodded as he sat back down. He sighed and began again.

<<<>>>

Even though she didn't weigh much the climb through the foot and a half deep snow was slow going. Each step required a bit more effort, and carrying a woman in my arms made it even more difficult.

I felt this panicky feeling. My breathing strained as I dug my boots into the snow bank, heading towards the small light of my cabin.

The girl easily nestled into my arms, but she wasn't moving at all. I didn't know her at all obviously but I felt this adrenaline laced need to protect her and really to save her. But each passing second made that less possible.

I couldn't see her too clearly as the falling snow and cloud cover made the lighting rather bad, but what I could see was a slight blue tint to her cheeks and face and a little bit of purple coming into her lips. I didn't know much about this but I knew that was bad.

I made it to my porch and kicked open the door, laying her on the bed and immediately closing the door to the cabin.

Ok, think Jim. Clothes are really just keeping her in a wrapping of pure ice so those need to go. Her body temperature is dropping so I need to warm her up. Warm clothes? Stoke the fire? A hot bath?

I started flipping through what might work and what order to go through as I started trying to get her out of her coat. Each layer proved rather difficult to remove as the ice made each part that usually flexibly moves now much stiffer and more immovable.

Her jeans proved especially difficult as they were both very tight and very stiff. So much so that I decided to cut them off. While I felt a little bad I hoped she would forgive me. Desperate times and all that.

Her legs came into view. Beautiful and shapely but a little tint of blue. Sweater was next. Then shirt. At this point it was easier to see her body shivering rather uncontrollably, but she didn't seem conscious.

"Sorry," I whispered as I tried to remove her bra. The ice had encased the clasp so I ended up cutting that off too as it was taking too long. The panties were easier.

In a porn movie, this is where I would normally spend a bunch of time doing close up camera shots of her body, but I was feeling rather guilty at the moment so I instead went for quickly drying her off.

I didn't spend a lot of time touching her skin, but I touched it enough to feel how crazy cold it was.

Hot bath was next on the list.

I left her wrapped in a blanket as I ran over to the tub, turning on the hot water. Glancing back at her on the bed, I felt panicky again as she continued to shiver. I knew it would take a few minutes to fill up to even a worthwhile level so I ran over to her and hugged her tightly against myself.

Her body curled into mine naturally, her face pressed against my chest. I continued to rub her back, sides and arms, trying to jump start circulation. My intuition about this was to get her body temperature up as fast as I could while rubbing her skin to assist. Moving blood increases warmth, right? I didn't even know her name but she was in my care.

When the tub was about two-thirds full I went ahead and turned off the spigot and slowly lowered her into the tub. I wanted to submerge her as much as I could but it proved really difficult. Her body kept slipping down further in the water than I was comfortable. Of course, I had never had to bathe someone who was unconscious. All new territory here. 

No time for contemplating. I stripped down to my boxers and slipped in behind her, letting her body slide further into the water, holding her sides and keeping her against me.

Her body continued shaking and shivering in her unconscious state. I wrapped my arms around her, my hands travelling around her stomach. I couldn't help my skin, my arms and even my hands connecting with her naked skin. And even a few times her naked breasts. Her very small (and admittedly cute) nipples on her larger breasts really were like little diamonds grazing my skin as I wrapped my arms around her.

After 15 minutes, she wasn't making much improvement. And on top of that, the water was starting to cool a little, so, I decided I needed to bring more warmth.

I carefully slid out of the tub and then immediately lifted her to the bed. I toweled her off as quickly as I could and then moved the blankets around her for a moment. Even in a panic state I couldn't help but notice she had a lovely body. She was a very pretty girl. But there was no time for such things.

I removed my boxers (she was passed out anyway) and then started stoking the fire. I had just pulled some wood in before she crashed so there was plenty for now. A few moments later I had a roaring fire going.
