 Dinner is on the fire. A roast with all the trimmings cooked old fashion style, in a Dutch oven over the coals. Evening will be falling soon and it will be time to settle in. I never realized just how relaxing it could be to spend a weekend alone at the cabin. The rain that has dominated the afternoon has finally broken for the day leaving the forest glistening with droplets. It is cold enough that by morning, that rain would have been be snow. While dinner cooks there is just enough time to take the horse and view the changing Aspen. It's now or never as the morning will be filed with chores and the trip back to town. 

The ride is everything it promised to be. Wildlife is everywhere putting the final touches on winter stores. The Aspen are gorgeous. And the forest smells fresh and clean from the rain. The sounds of birds and squirrels are everywhere. The temperature is quickly falling. It's going to be a cold one tonight. I put on my heavy jacket and turn my horse back towards the cabin. As I turn the sound of an animal I don't recognize catches my ear. I look around to get a glimpse of the creature. To my surprise it is not an animal at all, but a woman huddled against a tree. She is cold and soaking wet.

I ride up and ask if she needs some help. She looks up. "Thank god I am saved."

"Can you help me find my car?" I'm not aware of many places to park a car near this place but I know she will not last the night out in the forest. She gets up and I help her up onto the horse and sit her in front of me. I put my jacket around her and I ask her if she has an idea which direction her car might be in. She is unsure, so I head out in the most likely direction, looking for evidence of her steps along the way. As we ride she tells me the tale of how she came to be lost and alone in the forest. She is practicing to become a photographer and had driven up in the dark so that she could take pictures of the morning sun peeking through the changing aspen. She became lost in the dark soon after her lantern ran out of battery, then got caught in the rain trying to find her way back.

We have maybe fifteen minutes of daylight left and there is no sight of her car, a road, or her photography equipment. I tell her we have no choice but to head back to the cabin and turn I the horse around. At that point she stops looking for familiar land marks and snuggles in close for the ride back. The trip back is silent except for the sound of the horse's hooves on the trail. The whole way I am wondering how nice life could be, married a sweet woman like this. It is good that both the horse and I know this trail as we make the last mile of the journey, because darkness has now fallen.

By the time we get back to the cabin her lips are blue and she is shivering. My jacket does little good for someone as wet as she is. I tie the horse and we go inside. The fire has made the cabin warm and cozy. The smell of cooking roast, onions and vegetables fills the air. She smiles through her blue lips as she looks around. Walking about the cabin I gather the things that she is going to need to get dry. As I gather I tell her the obvious, "You are going to have to get out of those wet clothes or you'll never get warm."

"Here is a blanket, a towel and one of my shirts."

"Rule is, if it's wet, take it off."

"You can use the bathroom as a dressing room."

"When you're done, come and sit by the fire."

"My guess is you haven't eaten today either, so I'll get some dinner ready while you dry."

She heads off the bathroom and I start working on the rest of dinner. The extra time looking for the car has taken its toll on diner and it looks like this roast is destined to become stew. I'm just finishing getting dinner ready when she emerges completely wrapped in the blanket. She sits on the couch in front of the fire and I bring her a bowl of the stew. I get one for myself and join her sitting at the other end of the couch. Despite the over cooking, the stew is good and we both have a second bowl. As I take her empty dish I notice that she is finally warming up. At least her lips are no longer blue. I also notice that she is very pretty. She sits and watches the coals in the fire as I clean up the few dishes from dinner. 

When I return I stoke the fire, put on a couple more logs, and take my seat on the end of the couch. We continue to just sit and stare at the fire and she finally breaks the silence. "You probably think I'm a real dope getting lost in the woods like that don't you?"

"No it happens," I reply. "I'm just glad I was out there to find you."

"You could have been in pretty big trouble having to spend a cold night out there as wet as you were." She takes a protective pose by drawing her knees to he chest. "I guess I'm pretty lucky."

"You are like my guardian angel today." She pauses with a coy little smile then continues. "And I don't think I could have gotten a better angel if I had gone and picked one out myself."

"Someone was really looking out for me this time." She finally looks up from the fire and smiles directly at me. I thank her for her kind comments but insist that I am not an angel.

She goes on, "You know I probably deserved to get lost like that today."

"I know that you're not supposed to go out in the woods alone."

"That's just asking for trouble."

"But my husband doesn't really like the idea of me becoming a photographer so I usually work alone."

"My God, this weekend he was being such an ass."

"I didn't even tell him where I was going." She sees me raise my eyebrows and she responds. "I know, I know, mistake number two, always tell someone where you're going." I can only smile. "Are you sure you aren't an angel," She asks?

At this point she looks directly into my eyes for the first time. Her eyes are bright and beautiful. She looks at me with the most serious look and says, "I hope I don't sound ungrateful."

"I really want to than you for saving me."

"I really do realize the trouble I was in out there."

"Even if you aren't my guardian angel, you still seem like an angel to me." We both go back to looking into the fire. 

The Blanket that until now tightly clung to her shoulders is loosening a bit as the fire warms the little cabin. She relaxes her protective pose and a surprisingly smooth pair of tan legs emerges from under the blanket. The heat from the fire and the relaxing atmosphere eventually cause her too completely remove the blanket. My shirt is loose on her and fits her like a dress. She sees me looking and comments. "This shirt is actually very comfortable." I respond. "It is my favorite flannel, but it looks a lot better on you that it does me." She blushes a bit. "I'll bet it's your favorite because it's soft." I have to agree it is a very soft and well worn shirt. 

Thinking of my guest I offer her some wine. She accepts and I start to get up. She quickly jumps to her feet and offers to get the wine. "It's in the...," I start to tell her, but she cuts in. "I'll find it." This cabin isn't that big. She clunks around for a bit and soon returns with a bottle and two real wine glasses that I didn't even know I had at the cabin. She stops in front of me and pours our glasses setting them on the end table. "Once again, I want to thank you for being my angel today." She bends down and kisses me. I kiss her back.

Finished with her thank you, she starts to move away. I stop her, kissing her again. She softly melts into my lap placing her knees on either side of me, resting her arms on my shoulders. Softly, we nibble each other's lips. She moans and pulls up for a moment looking into my eyes, "Mmmm, kissed by an angel." We continue to kiss and I run my hands up her thighs and under the shirt. Holding onto her back, I draw her in and the kisses become more passionate. As we kiss she starts rocking in my lap, almost grinding. This is completely involuntary, as she is totally engrossed in our kissing. Desire is running wild in both of us as is evidenced by our breathing. I want her so badly I lose all inhibitions. 

I pull my hands from under the shirt, stroke the side of her face, and then quietly move to unbutton her top button. She leans back giving me access to all of the buttons. As I move down the shirt she rises up to her knees so that I can get the last button. I push the shirt from her shoulders and it slides back off her arms. She is completely naked, hovering over my lap. She smiles at me with a what-do-you-think kind of smile, holding her arms slightly behind her letting me take in all of her beauty. As my gaze moves down her body her eyes follow mine. My view falls to her loins. Her crotch is covered with a thick carpet of soft dark pubic hair. I reach in to run my thumbs through the soft hair. She accommodates me by thrusting slightly forward.

She settles back down and starts to unbutton my shirt. We continue to kiss as she works her way down. Completely unbuttoned, she slides down my body kissing my now bare chest. Continuing to slide she is kneels between my legs and has no trouble unfastening my belt and pants. When she grabs the waistband I take it as my cue to raise my hips. She has no more trouble removing my pants than she did unbuttoning them. Her touch is sensuous as she runs her hands up my legs grabbing hold of the waist of my underwear. She stares intently at my crotch as she slowly pulls down on my shorts. She enjoys watching my half-hard penis spring from underneath. My shorts hit the floor even more easily than my pants and once again her sensuous touch was making its way up my legs.

Her soft gentle hands reach my cock and are immediately followed by her mouth. I can feel myself growing hard against her warm wet tongue. I watch as my cock slowly moves in and out of her mouth. This view is driving me wild. Occasionally she looks up to see if I am enjoying her work. She wraps her hand around my shaft and follows her mouth, playing with me on every stroke. Her other hand is lightly caressing my balls. She is in no hurry, slowly bringing me closer and closer to orgasm. This is incredible. I've never felt any pleasure this intense before. I feel as if I am floating. I am getting close to orgasm and she is in full control. 

As if by them selves, my hips start gently rocking and thrusting toward her. She holds her head still and continues sucking letting me slip in and out of mouth and through her hand. She intently watches my movements as I rock, and sight of my thrusting is turning her on. Making her want me inside her. I am about to cum when she pulls me from her mouth. Still holding me she looks up. She seems to be waiting for me to tell her not to stop. I was so close and it felt so good. I disparately wanted her to continue. I want her to finish me off right there. She reads my desires from my face. She whispers "thank you for saving my life today," and slips me back into her mouth. I am instantly ready again and cannot take another stoke, but I know that this encounter can't be that one sided. I take her by the head and stop her just in time. 

I stand her up and passionately kissed her. Her entire mouth tastes of my sex and I know that I could not have stopped her any later. After our kiss she pulls back and beams. "See, you really are an angel." My hunch was right. She really did prefer not to finish a man in her mouth. I am over taken by a rush of desire knowing she would have done it anyway, just for me. We kiss again as we turn around and I gently sit her at the edge of the couch. Dropping to my knees her legs gently part as my hands run slowly up her thighs. I now have a full view of her pussy. I slide my hand up and comb my fingers through her thick bush as my thumb glides through her wet slit. Her swollen lips burst from beneath the hair and her scent fills the air. 

She watches intently as I lower my head and press my tongue into her wet pussy. She takes in a deep breath and lets out a long slow "ah" of relief as I start to circle my tongue in the opening. She rests her legs on my back and she settles in. As I lick, her wonderful scent gets stronger and stronger. I reach around her legs and hold her lips open. Her clit is hard and fully uncovered. I gently suck it, and she pulls back in ecstasy. I then move on to suck her entire pussy. Her breathing is labored and every move I make evokes a soft moan. Soon her soft moans give way to louder more persistent sounds. It is her turn to have hips that move on their own as her pussy circles my face. I can hear her building up for an orgasm. I look up and she is biting her lip. I am sure she is going to cum. Just then she pushes my head away. She sits forward, takes my hands and helps me to my feet. She stands as well. We kiss.

She turns me around and pushes me onto the couch. I am still rock hard from both her sucking and her scent. She once again straddles my lap and we tenderly kiss with passion. Her involuntary grinding starts once again. This time her pussy finds my cock and I easily slip into her wetness. As I sink deep inside her she gasps for air. Her breathing returns with a new rhythm that matches her now gentle rocking. I can't believe how ready I still am, or how good the soft warm love from this woman feels. My hands find her hips and I set a nice slow sensual pace. 

We continue our passionate kissing as long as we can. In moments we are both too much in rapture to do anything but rock and look deeply into each other's eyes. I am once again floating. A surge of pleasure races through my body and I cum. My cum thrusts drive hard against her clit and she cums as well. The waves of orgasm are intense and last longer than either of us could ever have imagined. We both become completely spent and she melts into my arms. I pull the blanket over our naked bodies for warmth as we wait in ecstasy for that inevitable time when the swelling of our organs subsides and we slip apart.