 You probably wouldn't see me till you had entered your room and set down your beach bag - but when you do, you turn around, giving me a sly little smile.

Hmm, your body looks warm and deeply tanned from lying out in the sun. Your bikini straps are thin, exposing some of your light tan lines. My gaze travels down your body from head to toe – your soft brown hair is tied in a little bun, exposing the soft brown nape of your neck. Your breasts look firm and perfectly shaped against your bikini top, I can even slightly make out where your nipples press up against the thin material. Your back is so gorgeous and slender, tapering down to your pert, rounded behind where your bikini bottom fits you like second skin.

I grin to myself, seeing how closely the little piece of fabric is pressed between your legs – I bet she's shaved smooth as usual. I love how your legs look so firm and long

I then have a sudden flashback of running my hands along the soft back of your thighs while looking down between us. I walk up to you slowly and put my arm around your waist as I draw you to me, kissing you softly. God you look so delectable...

"I just want to ravish you right now", that's what is going through my mind. My soft kiss slowly becomes more demanding, our tongues probing wildly. You arch your back to me as I pull you tighter, pressing you against my hard body. I hear a little gasp escape your lips as I reach behind, slip a hand into your bikini bottom, roughly caressing your smooth ass cheeks. You feel so soft to touch, I can still feel the heat from the sun on the small of your back. My hand slips lower again, between your firm ass cheeks and you feel my fingers run between them as I kiss and nibble you on the nape of your neck, biting gently at first before kissing you more urgently.

Hmm she's getting me so horny with her little moans...I can feel your nipples hard against my chest, your breasts heaving against me with every breath. I yank your top roughly to let one full breast slip out, the nipple taut and hard - in a few seconds I'm biting them, sucking them hard as you push against me. God you look so sexy, your rosy nipple jutting out hard like a little cherry as I hungrily suckle on it. You slip a hand down between us trying to feel the length of my cock as it presses up against my shorts. I grab your hand and twist it behind you...god I want to be in you right now and fuck you hard and fast. I rub my hands between your legs - your bikini is soaking wet as I press inward right where I can feel your wet slit. I want you to taste yourself...

I turn you around and push you against your chair Hard anf you flop over gasping. Your browned ass cheeks peeking out from the side of your small bikini bottoms. I pull them to the side, revealing your wet, juicy cunt - the lips pink, swollen and shiny from the wetness. You hear my zipper and start moaning, anticipating what's coming and then feel the thickness of me slide into you slowly....filling you up.

Oh god that feels so good, your soft flesh taking all of my hardness in. You feel my balls press against you as I continue to push in, moving my hips as you feel me inside you. I draw out slowly and slam in and out fast causing you to gasp out, hearing me moaning at the same time. I look down to see my brown cock against your pinkness, the lips wet and tight around my shaft. With each stroke, your pussy lips cover me with sticky cum, the wet sound of us filling the room.

My hands massage your cheeks as I spread them, mesmerized by your gorgeous ass. I pull out, and push you down to your knees...holding you by your hair.

"Finger yourself and cum for me....". With my wet cock jutting out in front of your face, you start playing with yourself, almost at the edge when you gag, my cock sliding into your mouth without warning. My hips are moving and you steady yourself with one hand as I pump my cock, which is covered in your cunt juice, in and out of your mouth.

You hear me moaning and see my eyes staring down at yours while I pump harder, till my groans get loud and you feel your climax overwhelming you just as you feel the thick spurts of hot cum against the back of your throat...