 Warren's Women
A Series of True Stories

By Paris Waterman 

Introduction:

Warren Ammerman was a good friend of mine for four years. I knew him longer than that, but for those years we were together almost daily. He was not a womanizer; but women flocked to him. In this series I will try to show him as he was − a guy who lit up the room on entering. Men liked him almost as well as the women did. They admired his proficiency with the opposite sex, and enjoyed his company because he could drink and joke with the best of them. 

For two solid years I answered his Monday morning calls – all of which were from the females he'd met that weekend − all of whom wanted more of his, shall I say, presence?

But Warren had a lonely side too. As I understood it, his mother left him with her sister when he was about 18 months old. He only saw her once after that, at his 6th birthday party. I don't know her reason for abandoning him, Warren never went there.  But I know he missed her, and the longing he had for her was evident to any female coming into contact with him; in his eyes, his aura, and his nonchalant acceptance of the female presence regardless of where they were or how beautiful the woman was.

He died tragically at 27, after being run over by two tractor-trailers on the Garden State Parkway.

There was an endless parade of beautiful and not so beautiful women at his wake. I counted over two hundred before realizing there was no end in sight and quit counting. In subsequent weeks I bedded two of them simply because I had known him; known that he'd been with them. It seemed enough for them. I accepted it as a parting gift from Warren.

I know I can't do his memory justice, I'm not that good. But we talked a great deal about his sexual activities, and we shared some exhilarating experiences together.  What follows are my recollections about several of Warren's women.

At any rate, every once in a while I get a story just right. I think I've managed it here. I'd appreciate hearing from you, especially if you agree with me.
PW

*******

Warren sat hunched over, on a wooden bench about five yards inside the eight-foot high fence surrounding the yard.  He gazed forlornly at the rivulets of early morning light breaking through the birch trees.  He wore only his pajama pants and sandals.  He took a deep drag on his cigarette, exhaled the smoke through his nostrils and reached for the cup of coffee on the bench beside him.  

He sighed, leaned back against the garage wall and sipped the last of his coffee.  The wall was cool on his naked shoulders.  He listened to the birds gabbling and bickering at the feeders in the trees and continued to calm down.  Last night had been a bitch.  

I get so tired of chasing after new women all the time.  It gets so friggin' mechanical, he thought with an air of utmost weariness. He slapped his leg, which had fallen asleep and continued with his soliloquy.

I can't seem to fall in love. Why? Am I such an egotist?  Its painfully obvious women are my vice, an addiction like booze or heroin.  I gotta have a new one every day. It's all I think about and now I'm trying not to get morbid, or worse. 

He took a deep drag on his cigarette and half sighed, half exhaled. The smoky vapor drifted away over the fence behind him.

Sometimes I amaze myself, I mean, know the guys are in awe of my successes, and how quickly I pull them off.  If only they knew how little it really means. How I'm on automatic fucking pilot most of the time.  Sometimes I'm not even thinkin' about a woman at all, but then I spot one lookin' at me, and then wham! It starts all over again.  Before I know what I'm doing I've got her alone someplace. Shit! I don't even remember what I say to 'em. 

Laughing out loud, Warren took a last drag on the cigarette and flipped it into a nearby shrub.

Shit, the guy's would kill to know what I lay on 'em, but for the life of me, I don't remember.  I get 'em alone, give 'em a pat on the ass, and before I know it, I've nuzzled their pussy, they've sucked my cock, and we've fucked like rabbits.  It's wham, bam, thank you Ma'am!  

Getting rid of them is harder than finding and fuckin' 'em.  It's kinda like a dream.  I'm beginning to wonder, is it really a dream?




