 The cool breeze lights briefly over Warren's naked flesh. His gaze seems focused on the stars; his thoughts however are focused on his senses. He can still see Tracy nestled between his thighs, hear her moans of pleasure escape her pink hued lips, and taste her essence on his tongue. Warren's cock jerks gently as his senses slowly begin to speak to him. His hand reaches down; casually his fingers begin to stroke the soft flesh. It hardens under his touch. The callused fingers wrap around the muscle, gripping it with more purpose. A grunt of pleasure leaves his throat; his nipples tighten while his breath catches.

"Ready again?"

Warren's hand momentarily stops. He turns his head, sitting up slightly on the rumpled blanket. His brown eyes, meet Tracy's blue ones. "Perhaps...you?"

Tracy chuckles softly, walks the few feet that separate them, and kneels down on her knees. She places the opened bottle of wine, and two Styrofoam cups on the grass. He watches her lick her lips, and wink. The moonlight, the stars, and the glow of the house behind them, seem to surround Tracy in a halo of purity. Warren smirks at his assessment; if heaven exists...Tracy wouldn't want to go; she enjoys being "dirty."

"I could go again," she whispers, seconds before pushing Warren's hand from his dick. She wraps her fingers around the hard cock; her thumb toys with the pink mushroom head. Slowly she traces the small slit with the tip of her digit, then slides her hand around the entire shaft's girth.

Warren groans softly, before laying back. His eyes focus on her hand and how she moves it up and down the rigid flesh.

"You like?"

He grunts; a smirk forms on his lips. "I do...but..."

Tracy chuckles. "But?"

"Well, what else ya got?"

Another soft eruption of laughter spills from his lover's lips. He watches, with both arms tucked behind his head, as her long red curls spill over her face, blocking the delicious view of what he knows will be quite an enjoyable experience.

Soon his cock is rewarded with the warmth of Tracy's mouth engulfing first the head, then the shaft. Warren hisses his pleasure. Tracy chuckles; the rolling vibration brings a new sensation to the erotic play. He feels her bob up and down several times, before moving so she can begin sliding the flat of her tongue along the swollen veins. The moans of pleasure, that dust his cock with air, tell him that she too is enjoying the oral act. His hand comes up to scoop several thick copper strands away from Tracy's face. He holds a fist full of silk, watches her lips and tongue push, press, and suck on his skin. "Fuck baby," he mutters, grins when she winks back at him.

Tracy slides one hand under his testicles. He shifts on the blanket; his ass tightens as she begins to massage the hard spheres hidden behind the shaved flesh. A groan fills the night air; his balls are treated to a tender caress of fingers, rolling and kneading sensitive skin.

"You know...you still taste like me," she whispers; her voice carries easily on the night air. Tracy opens her mouth, dips her head down, and sucks on the sack between his thighs. "Mmm..." she moans, before drawing one into the warm blanket of tongue, teeth and cheek. Warren's body jerks; the edges of her teeth stroke his flesh. The thrill of danger drives his cock wild. It leaps in her other hand; she strokes it firmly, as if to calm the worried flesh. At the same time, she continues to draw in the second testicle. Her tongue laps at them both; pushing them together, separating them, and gliding them against the smoothness of her cheek muscle. All the while Warren keeps her hair out of the way so he can watch. Mentally he thanks the gods that they have blessed them with a full moon, and he has been blessed with a wicked, sexy woman.

"I do taste good," she whispers again, breaking through Warren's thoughts. 

"Yes, you do," he mutters.

Tracy laughs again, before moving her mouth back to the cock that aches with need. Warren's hips instinctively buck forward; his shaft desperately seeks the warm heat that Tracy's mouth promises. Her long nails dig into his hips as she pushes her face into his crotch. He curses softly; both of his hands become tangled in her hair. "Trace...oh, fuck Trace." Her nickname falls easily from his lips as he pushes his dick deeper and deeper down her throat. The soft gag that interrupts the night, gives him pause; the firm bite of her nails in his flesh tell him he had better keep assaulting her face.

Warren knows his dirty girl wants face fucked; he knows not to deliver would be unfair to both of them. He drives hard as she anchors her face to him. He pumps in and out; his hips and ass rise inches off the ground. Over and over he uses her; he knows from the sounds surrounding his dick that Tracy is close to coming; the act alone always drives his girl to come.

An eruption of thick, creamy milk shoots from Warren's cock. His balls are tight as he fills Tracy's throat and mouth with seed. His head drops back; his fists relax their hold; his body pumps the juice she craves. She sups well, licking, slurping, and swallowing all he offers. Eventually Warren feels her lick the sticky, salty surface, knowing she is being thorough, not only for his benefit, but for her own. He also knows she's prolonged her pleasure, something he will remedy without complaint...soon. When she is finished, he gazes down on her with eyes glazed. "Baby...as always, simply beautiful."

Tracy grins, licks at his balls and smiles wickedly. "I aim to please," she tells him, before reaching for the bottle of wine and pouring them each some. "Drink up," she whispers, before handing Warren his cup. "The night's still young..."

