 As she lay there thinking what to write next, she feels his hand on the back of her leg. Slowly he moved higher up her leg until he reached the bottom of her ass. He'd always loved her ass; it fit so perfectly in his hands. She smiled at his touch. She feels his breath on her neck and she closes her eyes and she smiles. He leans down and gently kisses her temple. Moving her hair, he placed kisses on her neck and shoulders. She slowly turns over and sits up, looking at the man she can't resist.

His intense eyes, toned arms, and rough hands. He can make her smile just by walking in a room. He can make her melt with one touch. No man has ever had this effect on her, she doesn't know why but she likes it too much to care. He leans down and wraps her in his arms and gently kisses her soft lips. He looks into the eyes of the woman HE can't resist. How does she do it? Curves from heaven, her wonderful smile, and her laugh, oh her laugh. Everything about her brings him to his knees.

His hand finds the waistband of her skirt. He un-tucks her shirt as their kisses become more passionate. He slowly slides his hand up her shirt a moan escapes her lips. She finds the buttons on his shirts and makes quick work of them. She loves the feeling of his skin on hers. She looks at his chest taking in every rise and fall, memorizing every inch. He takes this opportunity to slide his hand up her skirt, only to find she doesn't have any panties on. He smiles as he slides a finger up and down her pussy lips. She's wet and he hasn't even really touched her! Making her beg to be fucked isn't going to take much this time.

He continues to play with her pussy as he plants deep passionate kisses on her mouth. She breaks the kiss and whispers to him, "fuck me baby". He withdrawals his finger and lays her back on the bed. He pushes up her shirt and gently cups and kisses her breast. She arches her back to meet his mouth offering him more of her. As he sucks on one nipple he pinches and squeezes the other, making her squeal and moan with pleasure.

He continues sucking and playing with her breast as his free hand finds it's way back to her wet, wanting pussy. He slides two fingers in this time and she moans his name loudly. He slides his fingers in and out of her pussy making her breathe faster and shallower. His thumb finds her sensitive clit and rubs it pushing her over the edge. She yells, "I'm cumming baby, oh god don't stop. Oh fuck my pussy, make me cum for you." Her body shakes as her orgasm takes over. He moves his thumb off her clit and fucks her pussy faster with his fingers.

As she comes down from her orgasm she looks into his eyes and once again begs him to fuck her. "Baby please fuck me. I need to feel your dick deep in my pussy." He smiles at her and says, "I will baby... eventually." He kisses her deeply and rolls her over, she knows exactly what he wants and she wants it too. She kneels on the edge of the bed; he gets between her legs with no intention of fucking her just yet. But the site of her ass and her slick, glistening pussy lips almost changes his mind for him... almost.

He kisses her ass and smacks it, making her jump a little. He pulls her back to him and licks from her pussy to her puckered hole. She pushes back against him and moans in approval. He slides two fingers into her pussy and slowly finger fucks her while tongue fucking her ass. He reaches around with his free hand and pinches her clit making her squeal. She pushes her ass back against him and he knows what she wants, she wants her tight ass fucked. He pulls his fingers from her pussy, slick and coated with her juices. He puts them against her ass and slowly starts to push them in. He works his fingers in and out of her ass while his other hand plays with her clit.

It's too much for her to take and a second orgasm rocks her body. He can feel her ass tighten around his fingers, and it takes a little more muscle to move them in and out, but he never stops. He moves his fingers from her clit and un-zips his pants and free his now rock hard cock. All this attention to her as really turned him on to the point it hurts. Never removing his fingers from her ass he slides his dick slowly into her pussy, making long deliberate strokes in time with his fingers. He can hear her moaning and her breathing getting faster and shallower. He knows she's close. He pulls out of her pussy, god she's so tight he almost cums, but he holds back. Tonight her ass is his.

His dick is coated with her sweet, fragrant juices and he wants to fuck that puckered hole of hers so bad. But will she let him? They've never done it like this before. He pulls his fingers out of her ass and hears her moan is disapproval. He puts the head of his dick against her ass and grabs her hips, expecting her to pull away. To his surprise she pushes back against him and moans loudly. He smiles to himself, she wants this as much as he does.

He pushes his dick into her ass slowly, he wants her to feel every inch going in, and he doesn't want to hurt her beautiful ass. She moans loudly as she pushes back trying to get every inch of him into her ass deeper. He can see her death grip on the sheets, so he asks if it hurts and if she wants to continue. She's so dizzy with pleasure all she can muster is "don't stop." He pushes his dick all the way into her ass and they both cry out. He's never felt anything so tight in his life. Her ass envelops his dick perfectly.

He pulls out a few inches and pushes back in, this time a little faster and harder. Damn her ass is tight! He looks down and loves the way his dick looks going in and out of her ass. It's enough to make him cum too soon. He needs to focus if he really wants to enjoy fucking her ass. He leans forward to kiss her back and it drives his dick in deeper making her scream as yet another orgasm takes over her body. He grabs her hips and starts fucking her ass hard as she comes down from her orgasm. The tightness of her ass combined with her orgasm has him on the verge of cumming himself. He pounds her ass harder and yells out" Oh baby I'm gonna cum in your sweet tight ass. Cum with me baby." He reaches around and finds her clit.

It does the trick and in no time she's yelling that she's cumming. He fucks her ass his hardest as he cums deep into her ass. He quickly plunges three fingers into her wet pussy, pushing her farther over the edge. He fucks her ass and pussy slowly as they both come down from their orgasms. He pulls his still twitching dick from her ass and lays on the bed, pulling her to him. She rolls over kisses him deeply, and says I love you. He pulls her closer and says I love you too as they both drift to sleep.

A few hours later she awakes only to find him gone. Her pussy is dripping wet. Was it all a dream? Was he really there? She finds her writing tablet on the pillow next to her. On it, a short note from him. She smiles as she reads it. So it wasn't a dream after all.