 It was a cool rainy afternoon when I came home from another long day at work. I stepped into the bathroom to run the shower. As I slowly slipped my pants down my long legs, I could feel the day's tension begin to unfold. I step out of my pants and then slowly lower my panties off my full hips. Next I slip my blouse over my head. As I raise my arms, to slip off my blouse, my firm breasts press against the fabric; making my nipples turn hard. Once my blouse is removed I reach around my back to unclasp my lacy bra. My full breasts escape my bra and I let out a heavy sigh. My nipples begin to harden again as the cool breeze hits them.

I step into the shower and I let the warm water wash over my body. The warm water begins to relax my tired body. I grasp the slippery soap and begin to lather my aching body. The soap first lathers my firm right breast and then moves to my left one. As the bar of soap lathers my breasts my nipples harden even more. Next the soap lowers to lather my stomach. The lather slowly drips down between my legs. As I begin to lather between my legs, my fingers slowly slip between my tender folds to carcass my clit. I begin to move my hips against my fingers and moan. My head falls back as I carcass my clit. Slowly I slide a finger inside my hot, wetness. My hips begin to move faster against my hand. My breath becomes deeper and I begin to moan louder. I feel my muscles begin to tighten against my finger as I move it in and out of my hot wetness. Faster and faster I move my finger inside my hot wetness. I begin to moan louder and louder as I feel myself cumming. As I finally reach my peak I scream out with release. 

Slowly I step out of the shower and begin to rub my body with a soft towel. I rub my large breasts and enjoy the feeling of the towel against my already hard nipples. I sigh as I begin to rub the soft towel against my shaved pussy. Once again I feel myself become aroused. Dropping the towel onto the bathroom floor I grab my sexy, blue Teddy from the towel bar and slip it over my head. The silky Teddy feels so soft and cool as is slides down my heated skin.

I walk out of the bathroom and head towards the living room. As I walk down the hallway I stop by the full-length mirror. I can't help put to stop and admire myself in the mirror. Slowly I turn to the right and then I turn to the left. I smile at myself as I admire my large breasts and long shapely legs.

I enter the living room and settle myself down on the couch. My muscles are so sore from my long day at work. It feels so good to just sit here and relax. Slowly I feel my eyes start to drift close.....

Suddenly I feel something tickle my nose. At first I try to ignore it and push it away with my hand. I turn my head to the right and then to the left trying to rid myself of this annoyance. Slowly I open my sleepy hazel eyes and find myself staring into a pair of sexy blue eyes. My eyes quickly fly open and I sit up straight with the fact that I have no idea whom these sexy eyes belong to.

As I sit up straight I am shocked to find myself looking at one of the hottest males I have seen in a long time. You are standing above me smiling an evil grin. Your sexy, blue eyes sparkle as you look deep into my hazel eyes. Without saying a word your lips claim mine in a very hot kiss. Your lips tease mine as your tongue forces itself pass my full, red lips. Your hot, wet tongue mates with mine as you slowly lower yourself to sit between my spread long legs. I moan softly as I feel your strong hand slide up my long leg and carcass my inner thigh. I feel my tight pussy become wet as your hand massages my thigh. You break your lips from mine and slowly start to nibble on my long slender neck. I tilt my head back to give you full access of my neck. As you are kissing my neck your hand leaves my thigh and finds its way to my wet pussy. I feel you smile against my neck as you touch my slaved pussy. Your fingers slowly trace the outline of my womanly folds. I moan and arch my back wanting more. I feel myself growing wetter and wetter as your fingers continue to trace my folds. It's almost more than I can bear! I find myself turning my head from side to side from the need for more.

Suddenly I feel your hand leave my body. I slowly open my eyes and see you standing in front of me. For the first time I truly take a good look at you. I am very pleased with what I see. I smile shyly and run my wet tongue over my red, swollen lips.  

Without saying a word you slowly lift your tight fitting t-shirt over your head. I soon get my first glance of your tanned tight stomach and chest. As you drop your shirt onto the floor I get up off the couch. I walk over to you and start to place light, soft kisses over your collarbone. Your head falls back and I hear you drew in your breath. My wet lips leave your collarbone and I look up into your blue eyes. We smile at each other both of us seeing the red hot desire in each other's eyes. My hand slowly slides down your chest and comes to rest on the large bulge behind the zipper of your jeans. I can already tell that you are very aroused and this makes me smile. My hand begins to rub your hot and ready cock through your tight jeans. I hear your heartbeat become faster and I feel your breath become shallower. Now my full red lips begin to kiss their way down your chest. I use my hot, wet tongue to outline your small tight nipple. My white teeth softly nibble on your small bud. You moan as my hand continues to carcass your swollen cock through your jeans. I can tell that you are growing uncomfortable in your jeans so my tongue slowly licks it's way down your flat, tight stomach. I lift up my head and smile at you as I begin to unbutton your jeans. Now I feel you shiver with growing need. 

I feel your huge cock strain against my nose as I lower your zipper with my teeth. You reach down to remove your jeans but just as your strong hands reach your waistband I push them away. I stand up in front of you and slowly remove my blue Teddy. Slowly I remove my right arm and then my left arm. The silky Teddy is now just hanging on my round, full breasts. I see your blue eyes just staring at the Teddy hugging my large breasts. My nipples are pointing out from behind the cloth. You run your strong hands up my sides and tug the Teddy off of my body. The Teddy slips off my full hips and falls to the floor. 

I slowly lower your jeans down your strong hips. They soon join my forgotten Teddy on the floor. I give you an evil smile as I notice that you weren't wearing any briefs. Your large, swollen cock points straight out. Your swollen cock feels so hot as I wrap my fingers around it. I begin moving my hand up and down your cock. Your head falls back and you moan. I let go of your cock and push you into the couch. I lower myself so that I am sitting between your spread knees. Once again my hand finds your throbbing cock. I once again begin moving my hand up and down its hot heat. Your hips are now bucking against my hand. Slowly I lower my hot, wet mouth onto your cock. My wet tongue licks the underside of your huge cock as I take you deeper and deeper into my hot mouth. My mouth slides up and down your cock. I suck on the tip as my hand plays with your balls. Faster and faster I suck on your hot cock. Up and down my swollen lips move over your cock. I feel your cock grow larger in my mouth...you are ready to explode!

Suddenly you pull your swollen cock out of my wet mouth. You lift me to stand in front of you. Now my wet, shaved pussy is right in front of your face. I feel your hot breath on me. Your large hands pull my pussy closer to your hot mouth. You lower your mouth and soon I feel your hot, wet tongue exploring my clit. I almost scream out as your wet tongue licks my click. Your hands grip my hips tighter as you feel me grow weak with desire. Now I feel you slip one finger into my hot wetness. As you continue to lick my clit you move your finger in and out of my wetness. I am having a hard time standing on my weak legs. I feel like I could fall to the floor. 

You slip your wet finger out of my heat and bring it to my lips. I softly suck on it tasting myself. My wet tongue wraps around your finger and I suck harder on it. As I am sucking on your finger you pull me onto your lap. My full hips press against your swollen cock. I feel your large cock pressing against my right thigh. My full lips pout as you pull your finger out of my hot mouth. Quickly your lips cover mine in a heated kiss. Our wet tongues mate with each other as your hand carcasses my full breast. I moan loudly into your mouth as your teeth nibble on my full lower lip. 

I break our kiss and look deeply into your blue eyes. Slowly I lower my tight slit onto your huge, hot cock. My wetness surrounds your cock. Slowly I begin to move my full hips against yours. Your cock feels so large in my tightness. Faster and faster I begin to move my hot, wet pussy over your swollen cock. You grab my hips and slow down my movements. Your hands guide my hips up and down your cock. My pussy grows wetter and wetter. I feel your large cock pushing deeper and deeper inside me. I arch my back and this causes your cock to slide even deeper into my tight wetness. I feel very lightheaded and I am moaning loudly. My nails dig into your strong shoulders as I once again begin to move faster on your cock. Now your hips are grinding into mine. With every thrust, of your huge cock, you slip deeper into my wet pussy. Now I feel your lips take my swollen nipple into you mouth. This is more than I can take...suddenly I scream out as I reach my peak.

Some where in the background I hear a phone ringing. I try to ignore it but it continues to ring. Slowly I feel myself drift back down to Earth and as I open my hazel eyes I notice that I am all by myself on the couch. I look around somewhat confused and I wonder if it was all just a dream.