 It started out to be the perfect Saturday. I had planned to wash and wax the car then head over to the local watering hole to watch the big game on their giant screen TV. Things didn't quite work out as I planned although I certainly didn't have any complaints about the outcome.

Shortly after I got up it started to pour. Now I didn't mind that I didn't have to do the car, but the bar wasn't going to open for another two hours. "Oh well," I thought, "guess I'll just get dressed and see what's on TV.

"Crap," I muttered to myself upon opening the top drawer in my dresser. "Out of underwear again, I guess I have no choice now but to wash clothes." I absolutely hated to do my wash. I had to share the only washer and dryer with the other residents of my building. That meant lugging my clothes all the way from my second floor apartment down to the basement, then back up again. It seemed like half the time I went down there would be someone else in the middle of doing their wash. Then I'd have to decide whether to wait around for them to finish or just put it off for a day or two. Sometimes I'd go back down several times to check on the other resident's wash only to find that they obviously had started it then left the building for some reason, thereby tying up the machine for what seemed like an entire day.

"Oh well," I said, "better get going." I grabbed my first hamper of clothes and a handful of quarters and headed down to the basement. I was thinking about how I could manage to go longer without washing. Underwear had always been my Achilles heel when it came to washing. I thought when I went from seven pairs of underwear to fourteen I'd be satisfied. But now even fourteen didn't satisfy me. 

I couldn't help but think of one of my college roommates, Timmy Webb. I thought, "I wonder if 'Hash-Mark' is still up to his old tricks." He hated to wash even more than I did. His solution doubled the number of days he could hold out, and it didn't cost him a red cent. He'd wear his underwear one day the regular way, and then turn them inside out the next day. And remember, back in those days everyone wore white cotton briefs so you can imagine the sight of him walking around the dorm in his underwear. Timmy was very proud of his nickname.

I got my first load of clothes going then went back upstairs to watch some TV. Flipping through the 524 channels on my new satellite dish, it was hard to believe I couldn't find anything I wanted to watch. I decided to dig up some of my titty mags from my younger days. It had been a long time since I had gazed at the retro beauties!

Memories came rushing back fast though, as I turned each page. I had bought tons of magazines that were devoted to big breasted babes. That was one of my downfalls. I was addicted to big tits! Most of the women I'd dated were a lot of fun and some were real knockouts, but they all had at best average breasts, not like the big breasted babes in my fantasies. 

I spread the mags out on the coffee table and was starting to get really turned on, skimming the pages full of buxom babes. Fortunately I was wearing my baggy cotton gym shorts. I wore them to sleep in too because I could easily slide my hand up the leg and stroke my cock. I was in no hurry to spew so I leisurely grazed my finger along the bottom of my cock, then across the head and down the top. I would get myself real hard then back off. It was a great thrill to prolong my orgasm as long as I could. 

Within minutes, I was turning pages with one hand while the other was gently stroking my cock. The rain was really pouring down now, with flashes of lightning filling the skies. It felt so great jacking off while I dreamt of waking up to a pair of huge tits hanging over my head. 

I was pretty damn horny now so I decided to move on from titty mags and popped a fuck flick in the VCR and settled down on the coach for some fun. This one was about this guy interviewing an assortment of babes who would describe their sexual encounters to him in great detail. Of course, being a fuck flick, after a minute or so of the interview the scene would break away to show what she had been describing. It was cool because I could still hear the interview in progress and the action on the screen. 

The first scene involved a secretary who was telling the interviewer about what a great job she had. Her boss had a small construction business and he would go out into the field for hours a day to check on the jobs in progress. She was normally alone in the office and was there primarily to answer the phone. Of course, being the hot babe she was, she took advantage of the opportunity to perform on a web cam for her boyfriend while on the phone with him. 

I sat, watching her in her chair squeezing her clit while plunging three fingers deep inside her pussy. It was starting to get to me. While watching fuck flicks I would sometimes go for hours before finally spewing my hot, creamy cum in sync with some hot stud. I especially liked to wait for tit-fucking scenes and imagine myself there driving my cock in and out of her delicious cleavage until I was ready to pop. Finally I'd pull back from that heavenly cocoon, stroke my cock, and direct my huge pulsating pecker onto her heaving hooters. Blasting away, I shot a couple of loads onto one mound then took aim at the other. Back and forth, load after load, for minutes on end, until her huge tits were covered with an icy coating that reminded me of those delicious donuts I'd have as a kid after church on Sunday mornings.

Opening my eyes I saw that our secretary was caught wet handed by the unexpected return of her boss. His hands had a grip on her head as he thrust his huge cock in and out of her receptive mouth. "Mmm," I said, "looks like someone's going to get a mouthful of cum there."

Glancing up at the clock I realized that my first load of clothes was done. "Crap," I said out loud, "I was really getting into this fuck flick too." I hit the pause button and headed back to the basement, my hard cock causing my shorts to stick out like a circus tent.

I quickly scooted down to the basement, intent on putting the clothes into the dryer and getting another load going in the wash then back upstairs to pick up where I left off in the video. I got there, opened the dryer door, and, to my despair, it was full of clothes. "Oh well, not that many in here," I thought to myself, "I'll just fold them quickly then get back upstairs."

I soon saw that it was woman's clothing and, to my delight, found it to be full of underwear. I have to say, I've always had a thing for women's underwear. I think it was mostly the feel of it, and I especially loved the satin finish. Immediately a huge smile blossomed on my face as I thought of the new neighbor in the apartment below me. She was about my age and had just moved in about a month earlier. I'd only seen her couple of times and never close up. "Let's see what her underwear would tell me about her," I thought.

The dryer was mostly full of panties, lots of nice colors, black, red, green, pink, all very lovely and oh so smooth to the touch. I brought an especially silky to my face and gave it a whiff, then drug it over my face. What a nice feel they had!

Reaching inside the dryer again, I pulled out a bra which left no doubt that my neighbor indeed liked sexy lingerie. I lovingly fingered her silky bra with one hand while I held her panties under my nose with the other. 

My cock twitched and I thought to myself, "What the fuck, go for it!" so I quickly dropped my shorts and wrapped her panties around my throbbing prick. As I raised her bra I noticed the tag inside, and yelled, "Yesssss, 36DD! Big tits!" 

That was nearly enough to make me cum right there! I put her bra over my face and began stroking my cock with her panties. I totally loved the feel of the silky panties as I drug them up and down my cock. My cock grew harder and harder as I really got into it. Arching my hips, I knew it wouldn't be long. Just another couple of strokes and I would blow my load.

"What a fucking pervert!" I heard a woman yell. I turned towards the stairs, still jacking my cock. My neighbor was standing there with a clothes basket in her hands. Her eyes widened as she looked at my cock. I just kept stroking away and before I knew it, my cock twitched and great gobs of thick white cream spewed and splattered right in front of her. Load after load spewed out making a puddle at her feet. 

My neighbor just stood there, her mouth opened wide. I pulled up my shorts and muttered, "I'm sorry, I didn't know you were there."

"Obviously," she replied. She just shook her head though and then started to laugh. "I don't know whether I should be insulted or delighted."

"I don't know what to say," I replied.

"I wonder if the landlord knows what a pervert he's got living in his building," she said.

"No!" I yelled, "You wouldn't tell him would you?"

"I'm seriously thinking about it," she replied.

"Please," I pleaded, "there must be something I can do to convince you not to do that isn't there?"

She stood there for a minute, then walked over to the dryer, shut the door then jumped up on top. Spreading her legs, she said, "Let's see you convince me!"

I couldn't believe it. I walked over to her and said, "Let's take these shorts off."

As I slipped my fingers in the waist band of her shorts she lifted up her butt long enough for me to slide them off. I looked at her and said, "I think I'll be more convincing if we get these panties off too!"

"By all means," she replied. 

I removed them with her help and then, as she leaned back against the dryer, I gazed with utter joy at the feast before me. I grabbed her leg near then knee and kissed her leg. As my lips made contact I heard a hiss escape her lips. I began licking my way along the inside of her thigh. As I neared her pussy I switched to the other leg and repeated the process. I heard her sigh and looked up towards her. 

Sensing that I was about to speak, she held her finger up to her mouth and said, "Shhh, convince me, lick my pussy."

I put my hands under her butt and lifted her close to the edge of the dryer top. As I bent over towards her she leaned back further, put her feet on my shoulders and spread her legs wide. I could feel the heat coming off her now wet pussy and I was determined to give her the best orgasm of her life. 

I started out very slowly, gently blowing air on her soft hair. Then I nibbled at the insides of her thighs until she was grabbing my head and pulling it towards her dripping gash. Her juices were really flowing freely now as I slid my tongue up from the crack of her ass to the top of her pussy with long slow strokes, parting the silky fleece and jabbing at her swollen clit. I let my hands roam across her belly until I found her big delectable boobs. With my tongue doing aerobics in her snatch, I traced circles around her hard nips through the thin fabric of her bra and shirt with my fingers. 

"Oh fuck, that's it," she yelled, "suck my pussy!"

Her breath started to come in gasps now as I drove my tongue deep into her steamy pussy. I pulled on her erect nipples as she thrashed about. I then took her clit between my lips and squeezed it hard, then sucked it into my mouth. My tongue strummed back and forth across her clit, and I could feel it getting harder there in my mouth.

Her breathing was becoming much more pronounced now, and I knew it wouldn't be long before she'd explode. I took three fingers and drove them deep into her hot twat. She started to hump my hand with wild abandon now as I continued strumming her clit. Just as she was getting close to cumming, I removed my fingers and planted my mouth over her pussy. 

I drove my tongue deep inside her honey pie and began lapping at the stream of juices that were more than I could handle. I slide my tongue down beneath her pussy, scooping up as much pussy nectar as I could. I then slid down further and spread her butt cheeks to gather up her cream that had settled there. After that I headed north, and just about buried my face in her snatch. My tongue went wild now, digging side to side and deep to give that pussy of hers a major workout.

"I'm almost there now," she yelled, "make me cum!"

I pressed forward even more and jammed my tongue in as deep as I possibly could. She erupted with such a loud "Yessssssssssssssss, I'm cumming!" that I thought for sure the whole town would hear her scream of ecstasy! 

Her hands pulled at my hair as wave after wave of intense pleasure overcame her. My face felt like someone had turned a hose on it! Her nectar was spraying all over me, and I was having trouble licking it all up! Her ass bucked up forcing my face even deeper into her wet pussy! Finally, with soft animal cries whimpering in her throat she calmed down. 

I helped her off the dryer and asked, "Well?"

"Damn, that was good" she said. "Take those shorts off and hop up here sweetie; I want to get a close up look at that cock of yours!" 

"Gladly," I replied as I quickly removed my shorts and took a seat on the dryer.

My cock was already at half mast as she grabbed a pair of panties from the hamper and wrapped them around my cock so that the head was exposed. Looking up at me she said, "How do you like it baby?"

I replied, "Very softly ok. Just barely touch my cock with the panties, almost like a whisper."

"You got it," she answered. She began doing just as I'd asked; stroking ever so gently and in just a minute my cock was fully erect and throbbing. She bent over and I could feel my cock twitch as she began giving it a tongue bath. Damn, she was good, licking the head of my cock with that electric tongue, while continuing to pump my cock with those silky panties. I could feel some precum ooze from my cock, then watched in awe as she gathered it up with her tongue, then probed the tip of my cock for more.

She took her other hand and began massaging my balls, squeezing them gently then lifting them. I knew I couldn't take much more of this treatment. She looked up at me, grabbed my balls and said, "We're not going to waste this load of cum." 

She released my cock, pulled her shirt over her head then unsnapped her bra. I knew I was in heaven now as those bodaciously big breasts of her spilled into view. She took them each in a hand, and began massaging them. With her finger tip she tweaked the nipple a few times until each stood at attention. She looked at me and said, "Like these tits lover?"

I sat there speechless, my mouth agape just nodding in affirmation until she said, "These puppies are in need a protein treatment."

She bent over and gave my cock a few slurpy licks then moved forward so that my cock was pressing against her chest. She took a tit in each hand and wrapped them around my cock until it was firmly nestled between her magnificent mammary mounds. I started to slide my cock back and forth between those big boobs but she said, "You relax baby and get ready to give me a big load of cum, I'll do all the work."

She started to jack my cock with her huge globes, playing with her nipples as she did. Her tits were so huge that the head of my cock would barely peek out between them on the upstroke. Squeezing her huge hooters tightly around my cock she would vary the speed, sometimes moving them oh so slowly up and down my cock, then speeding up pistoning them up and down in rapid fire motion. 

Soft firm tit flesh had me encased and I was fast approaching climax. My balls tightened, and my cock head was turning fiery red when she leaned forward and slipped her hot mouth over the head. That did it for me and I yelled, "I'm cumming!"

She pulled back and held her tits together awaiting her reward. Gobs of hot cum erupted from my cock and spewed over her tits. She moved them from side to side, making sure that each would receive equal treatment. I couldn't believe I was here reenacting the scene from my video, coating my neighbor's titantic tits with my cream. Finally, as my orgasm started to subside she took a hard nipple and pushed it against the tip of my prick extracting the last few drops of lotion.

She stood up and said, "Mmmm, this is what I needed."

She began rubbing my cum into her tits, covering every square inch with my luscious protein. As she finished she slowly stuck each of her fingers into her mouth, licking them clean. When she got to the last one she stopped inches from her mouth, then offered it to me saying, "This one's yours!"

I sucked her finger into my mouth tasting my own cum. Damn this woman was hot! I couldn't believe my good fortune.

We each got dressed and I helped her gather her clothes from the dryer.

I looked at her with a smile, and said, "Well did I convince you?" 

She replied, "Mmm, I think you're going to have to try a few more times." She smiled then turned and walked away. At the bottom of the stairs, she stopped, reached into her clothes hamper, pulled out the pair of panties I had been jacking off with, and threw them to me, saying, "Don't wear these out too quickly now!"