 (Note: I came across this story recently. It was the first erotic story I ever made the attempt to write. I have used a similar beginning since, but still thought I would post this, just for the hell of it. I hope you enjoy. Thanks to everyone who has given feedback on my other efforts. Happy reading. May all your erotic dreams cum true. XXOOXX)

Rich raven curls...flawless ivory skin...pale olive green eyes fringed with lashes that seemed impossibly yet wonderfully long...she was the image of feminine perfection as she lay before him with her arms pulled high above her head; matching red silk scarves kept her delicate wrist bound to the mahogany headboard and her long, shapely legs were spread wide and tied to the bottom post with the same soft material...she was sweet and innocent and vulnerable. She was his. Completely. Bought and paid for. Twenty thousand dollars in exchange for her virginity; it was an odd business transaction to say the least, but Evan Carter didn't care...couldn't care...he was a man who always got what he wanted and never had he wanted anything as much as he wanted, maybe even needed, the chance to show Miss Kagen Maria Connors just how susceptible she was to the longings of the flesh.

"Are you uncomfortable in any manner?" His silver eyes locked on hers as he asked and she shook her head...the white scarf in her mouth made it impossible for her to speak...he did not intend to keep the gag there for long; when the moment was right, he would remove it so her delight, pleasure induced cries could wash over him. "Good. Very good. I don't you to feel any physical discomfort. Understand? I want you to enjoy this." He intended for her to enjoy it, but the doubt that flashed in her eyes told him she didn't believe she would; she had not agreed to this peculiar arrangement to experience pleasure...release...she had agreed to give her body and her virginity to him in exchange for money she intended to use to pay off her older brothers most current legal debt...her body was all she had left to offer, she had told him in a flat, listless voice when she had appeared in his office early day before; she had sold all she owned. Her car. What jewels her mother had left to her. Her old computer. Telling him as much had been a kick to her pride...but desperation often compelled one to do things they would not do under normal circumstances and with Bart again in trouble...grand theft auto this time...the judge was willing to let him skip jail time if he paid a fine and went to see a therapist, and given the reality that chronically unemployed Bart had no money, it fell on her frail shoulders to save his hide. Again. She was use to it. At twenty five, she had been called on to salvage Bart's crashing world more times that even she could recall...more times than Evan could recall, and unknown to Kagen, he had been watching her and her brother for a long time; he had been watching Kagen...wanting Kagen...aching for her...hurting for her when he saw again and again how her brother used her love for him to swindle her and very coldly manipulate her into paying his way in life. Bail him out. Coddle him. He had the ability to use her loyalty to her long dead mother as a means to control her; all Bart had to do was get teary eyed...mention poor Rita...remind Kagen that Rita had asked her to hold their family together; when Rita had died after a three year long battle with cancer, Kagen was the one who had stepped up to bat while her brother ran wild and her father drank day and night...he was more drunk than sober, lost in his love affair with the bottle, unable to work as a result...Fred couldn't help Bart or her...Kagen had not been able to look at him as she explained it all before getting to the cause behind her visit to him; she had seemed young and uneasy and vulnerable and Evan had told himself that if he were a true gentlemen, he would just give her the money. Hands down. Call it a gift. But...the moment she shyly and softly confessed that she was a virgin...that she was willing to give her virginity to him...the offer had been impossible to refuse after nearly seven years of watching her with a mixture of need and fascination.

More than once, he had told himself it was insane; he was thirty four to her twenty five and she had never looked at him as anything more than one of her bosses; she worked as a receptionist in the law firm that he and his two best friends had founded in their mutual hometown shortly after they each had graduated from college...she was quite...serious...always conservative in dress and manner. She called him Mr. Carter. Without fail. Even when he asked her to call him Evan...she just shook her head...she called Mark and Greg by their fist name...but with him, Kagen had always maintained a distance and Evan had often suspected that she did so because she sensed his attraction to her; odds were, all she had to do was look in his eyes and see it...see that he wanted her...dreamed about her...but he never acted on it, aside from casting her the occasional flirtatious smile just to see her blush...but the fact that she had come to him with her offer had made it clear she knew she starred in many of his more basic, carnal fantasies 

She had knocked softly on his door and even when he called out permission to enter, she had hesitated before stepping into his office, her eyes down cast as she closed the door and moved to stand in front of his desk...she had whore her usual attire; an ankle length navy blue skirt and a demure white blouse buttoned to the neck...long sleeves...hair pulled back into a tight bun and held captive at the base of her neck...no make up had enhanced her delicate features. She didn't need it. Her beauty was pure and natural. Soft. He wanted to simply look at her...she took his breath when she lifted those olive green eyes to his silver ones and he smiled gently, asking her what she wanted...and then the story and her offer all came out. In a rush. She was anxious. Perfect. He wanted to scream at how unfair it was, for her to be put into a position where she would make such an offer...he wanted to kick Bart's ass...he wanted to drop to his knees and thank God for the gift that had fallen into his lap as he sighed and stood and Kagen went still as he moved to stand before her, leaning against his desk as he studied her for a long moment.

"Why me?" Who cared why...but he did...he needed to know and Kagen sensed it as she chewed nervously at her full bottom lip. "Come on. Why? You hardly look at me if we pass in the hall and you won't even call me by my first name, but you are here, willing to sell your virginity to me..." His cock swelled in his pants as he said it...he could have very easily ripped the blouse from her...hiked up her skirt...in his mind he could see her bent so invitingly over his desk as he sank into her warm, wet pussy...he pushed the longing aside, fearing he would explode in his pants if he indulged too much in heated daydreams.

"You..." She paused to clear her throat. "You look at me..."

"That I do, Kagen." His voice went to a whisper. "Do you know why?"

"You want...you want to have sex with me..." Her ivory skin flushed bright, deep red as she shifted nervously from one foot to the next, her beautiful eyes again drawn to the floor as Evan pressed his lips together in an effort not to smile.

"I do want to have sex with you."

"I thought..."

"Do you know why?" Gently, he slipped his index finger under her chin and slowly, he lifted her gaze back to his as her breath caught in her chest and he stared at her full pink lips...those lips would be heavenly wrapped around his cock...there were hidden pleasure to be found in Miss Kagen Maria Connors, but more than anything, Evan wanted to show her what pleasures she could savor at his hands.

"No. Not really. I mean, I have seen you with women. They are all beautiful."

"And you do not see yourself as beautiful?"

"I am not like the women you usually...they are all elegant..."

But he shook his head. "They are fake. Cool. You are real and warm and you are a woman, Kagen. Soft and sweet and..." He cupped her cheek as his eyes reached into hers, and Evan could see walls falling slowly away from her soul. "I want you. All of you. I feel myself grow hard just looking at you, babe, and I...you had better damn well believe that I want to have sex with you. Badly. But I won't treat you like a whore."

"You mean you won't pay me..."

"I can give you the money..."

"In exchange for sex." Kagen cut him off firmly, taking a sudden step back so Evan had to drop his hand. "That is the deal; you get sex, in any way you want for the money that I need to help Bart and if...well, if you..." She turned her face away.

"Is there someone else you have in mind to offer this deal to?" He did not like that in the least...if she did...he held his breath until she shook her head.

"No, I don't know anyone else I could offer this deal to."

"Good. Because I accept it."

Her eyes flew back to his. "Really?" She looked relieved...terrified...Evan smiled at her bemused expressoion as he nodded and pushed away from the desk.

"Really. Let's do it. Tomorrow night, we begin."

"Tomorrow...oh...sure..." 

"Is that okay?"

"It's fine. Do you want to go to a hotel?"

"No. My place. My bed. I want you in my bed." On his floor...on the sofa in his living room...spread out on his kitchen table...in his shower...in the gazebo concealed in the little garden his townhouse offered; he wanted her everywhere in everyway and he wanted it more than once...but he didn't dare say as much to her as he watched her eyes. "Can I make the assumption that you are not on birth control." Being a virgin, she didn't need it...he had to pinch himself...a virgin...his Kagen...he would be her first and if he had anything to say about it, he would be her only.

"I thought I would buy some condoms. Maybe something else..." Anxiously, she lifted one shoulder. "I am safe, but I...I know condoms are not always perfect...they might break and..." Her face was bright red, it was the most endearing sight he had ever seen in his life as he nodded and fought the urge to haul her into his arms and kiss her until the flush on her face was desire and not unease...he couldn't wait to touch her...learn what made her sigh or gasp or scream; he wanted her so turned on with need that her nails would dig into his back and her hips would lift...he nearly whimpered at the realization that he had well over twenty four hours to think about filling her sweet cunt with his shaft.

"I will take care of the condoms. We will need a lot of them."

"We will?" 

"You had better believe it. We will have a lot of fun..."

"I don't expect fun." The words flew from her mouth before she could stop them, and they made Evan frown as she winched and shook her head. "I...what I meant...I know that a woman's first time is not suppose to be great and added to that I know...well, I know I am not like most women; I mean, I am twenty five...I have never had sex and I am sure that I won't be great or like it..." She waved her hands in a flustered gesture that Evan could not fathom...he shook his head and raked a hand through his silver blond hair; the girl had him in serious knots and he loved and hated it as she looked at him with frantic eyes.

"I will make you a deal, Miss Connors." His voice was again silky as he took a step towards her and she looked up at him. "I know you will like it. More than that. Not only is it my personal assurance that you will love sex with me, I assure you, you will be good at it, and I am willing to put my money where my mouth is."

"What does that mean?"

"It means, if I do not make you scream in orgasm at least six times, you will get not twenty thousand dollars, but forty."

"Are you serious?" He couldn't be. 

"Very. You don't have six orgasms at the very least, I double the money."

"Why..." He kept throwing her curves she didn't expect.

"To prove a point; you will love sex. With me. I will make it my mission to take the most sensual, seductive time teaching you about hot, needy sex." His breath was soft as well as warm on her upturned face. "I am going to touch all of you; your breast and nipples and I am going to lick your cunt...suckle it....I will slid my fingers into your wet heat and feel you milk my flesh..." Her eyes glazed with what he knew was desire, even if she had not a clue what it was as he grinned and returned to his chair abruptly and she blinked...he had her off guard and it was a nice feeling, he realized, as he set wrote his address down on a slip of paper that he extended to her...his eyes caught hers...she hesitated for half a moment, then took the paper from him with a hand that shook slightly while a nervous little butterfly danced around in her belly.

"What time do you want me there?" She clutched the paper with both hands.

"Seven. I want you there at seven and I..." Leaning back in his chair, he allowed his eyes to move down her body. "I want you to come to my house wearing a long coat and under it, I want you to ware nothing but lacy white underwear and a bra; no shirt or pants or anything else...you won't even need the coat and garments for long." It was an image and a thought for her to chew on; he wanted her to feel the same building anticipation he knew he would as she slowly nodded and quietly left his office with her head held high and Evan felt the overwhelming urge to laugh out loud and weep in relief; his dreams involving sweet little Kagen were about to become a very delicious reality for him...for her...his eyes closed and he swore to himself that once Kagen was in his bed, he would give her endless cause to never want to leave it, or him.

As agreed, she had arrived at his house at seven, dressed as he had asked...she had seemed nervous as she stepped into his living room and Evan said not a word as he lead her to the bedroom that was filled with fresh flowers...vanilla scented candles were lined along the nightstand...he had covered the black satin sheets with red and white rose petals that added to the richly fragrant air. It was the perfect setting. Sweet. Warm. Kagen felt a little taken back as she looked up at Evan who smiled gently as she read the silent message in his eyes...she knew what she wanted as he allowed his eyes to move over her and there was not a thing she could do to keep her hands from trembling as she unfastened the coat...the long sleeves slipped from her arms and she stared at a point over his shoulder, unable to look at his face as the coat fell to the floor.

It was a sight to behold...Kagen...her body...she was milky white with full breast and a firm waist...long legs and hips...he nearly lost what control he possessed as he drank her in; her nipples pushed against the thin fabric of her bra...her hair was down...she was the most flawless thing he had ever seen; she was the key to life...an angel...he nearly went to his knees to beg her to be his forever and it took something from his soul to find enough strength to play it cool. Calm. He didn't want to frighten her. Send her running. He had to knock down her walls first and his plans to do so were most likely not what Kagen had had in mind when she came to him, but Evan found he liked that...he found he liked knowing he had the ability to surprise her as he gently told her to climb onto the bed and she did so in a slowly, hesitant crawl that allowed him the chance to see her glorious ass encased in white lace and his cock pushed against his jeans; he felt like a teenager with his first girl...he had to be careful or he would make a fool of himself and that was the last thing he wanted as Kagen positioned herself with her head on his pillow...his eyes on his...she was ivory on ebony and Evan knew he would devour her before the night was over and Kagen seemed to accept that she had sold not only her virginity, but her control to him as he instructed her to lift her arms. High. To the headboard. She trembled slightly and kept her eyes closed as he tied first one wrist...then the other...her pulled her legs apart with hands there were gently on her ankles...he asked each time if the binds were too tight and she whispered a soft no as her eyes finally opened and she saw him standing above her with the white scarf that slipped easily into her mouth...his fingers brushed against her cheeks as he tied the soft material behind her head; she was spread before him...open...vulnerable...she couldn't move and she couldn't speak; all she could do was look up at him in delighted anticipation she couldn't believe she actually felt as he slowly lifted his sweater over his head and Kagen felt a heat rush to her cunt as she greedily looked at him.

His chest was hard. Defined. His stomach muscles were ridged. His waist tapered to narrow hips; his jeans were unbuttoned, but he kept them on as he stood and looked at her for a long time and Kagen could only endure his stare...she wanted to close her eyes, but she couldn't bring herself to do it...she liked watching him watch her...it wasn't what she had thought it would be. It was more. It was better. His touch made her hot and wet...she had, in the past, felt herself grow wet when she had watched him move around the office, but this was different...real...she wanted to press her thighs together to ease some of the need, but her restraints made it impossible and all she could do was suffer in utter silence as suddenly, without warning, in one quick motion, the white underwear were ripped from her body and an instant later her bra...his muscles in his arms bunched when he snatched away the thin lacy and Kagen gasped in shock as her breast were suddenly bare and Evan stared down at her marble pink nipples that were perched so perfectly...his gaze moved lower to see that her cunt was shaved...he loved it...she was perfect and his and Kagen knew he intended to take complete possession and she ached for it...for him...fuck forty thousand...the man that was looming above her had the ability to give her more than six screaming orgasms and she was ready for it; she was ready for what she had never before had and what she knew she would never have again when her night with Evan was over...but even that thought fled her mind as slowly, he set down on the bed, and her wide green eyes were glued to his silver gaze.

He was the most handsome man she had ever seen; tall and broad and golden and all male with silver eyes...a strong jaw...full lips...he was perfect...hers for a few hours and it didn't feel wrong; it didn't matter that she was here for money because she would have been here without it...had Evan ever approached her on his own, Kagen knew she would have all too happily given herself to him as she was about to do as he leaned over her kiss her temple with warm lips that were moist.

"I am going to fuck you, Kagen." He whispered the words in her ear...and then his teeth sank teasingly into her earlobe and Kagen rolled her head to the side to give him the access he needed. "I am going to take you..." His tongue licked away the sting his teeth had left and a soft moan escaped her when his lips touched her neck...hot...wet...teeth scraped and a tongue licked and Kagen withered inside when he kissed her collarbone while his left hand rested heavily on her stomach, hot and hard and she could feel his fingers just mere inches away from the place that most longed for his touch as suddenly, her already aching nipple was sucked deeply into his mouth and her back arched in tortured bliss.

*******************

Instinctively, Kagen pulled against the scarves that held her wrist, though she had no real desire to be freed from the sensual prison Evan had created for her as he lifted his head from her breast and she whimpered at the lose...until he blew a gentle breath over her wet nipple and her eyes rolled back in her head; her flesh felt ablaze...her chest was on fire...warmth flooded her cunt like scalding lava and desperation for more burned in her eyes as Evan looked down at her. Savored her. His touch was gentle as he brushed a lock of damp hair back from her flushed face...his eyes seemed to reach all the way to her soul and the prospect that he could read her was frightening...wonderful...she wanted to get lost in him and the glory he offered as his hand slid slowly up her belly to cup her full breast in tender warmth; his fingers kneaded into her flushed flesh...deep pressure...light pressure...she cursed the gag in her mouth when he took her nipple again, harder this time, sucking with such force it was just shy of painful but Kagen didn't care as she lifted her back to press herself more fully against his lips; he bit...sucked...licked...bit...hard and fast...soft and slow...he changed the pressure as his mouth and hand tormented her breast until something hot and tight began to building in her stomach while her thighs quivered and Evan left her breast to kiss the valley between them.
