 Her boyfriend took her out to the same club they always went to. Where the cute guys were waiting to pick up something juicy to fuck. She could feel her pussy already moist with lust. Her slutty mouth, watering for a big cock to suck and gag on. What turned her on more was that her boyfriend wanted it.

He wanted to see his love be treated like a whore, a slut. He wanted to watch another man's big cock fuck her tight pussy. Watch another man's cum drip out of her pussy. She felt his cock already get hard in his pants. He was eager to have someone fuck her.

She made sure to dress up slutty. A shirt tied up just enough to cover her double D tits, g-string panties for that easy access, and to top it off she had her favorite miniskirt on. She could already feel those hungry eyes undressing her. She felt someone press up behind her. Could already feel a hard cock pressing deliciously against her ass. 

She grinded against it and pulled the owner's hands onto her mid. She felt his hands wander up and onto her tits. 

"It didn't take long" she thought.

She reached behind and pulled him in, whispering in his ear to go somewhere private. She reached down and grabbed him by his bulge, beckoning him to follow. 

As they made their way to the back door to the alley she eyed her boyfriend who was trailing behind them. She could see how excited he was that his girlfriend was going to be gagged and fucked by another man's dick. She made sure they were deep in the alley. She let him press her against the wall. Let him fondle her tits, take them out of their skimpy hold and caress her nipples.

She massaged that large bulge in his pants as he leaned in and put a tit in his mouth. Oh fuck, did that turn her on, she could feel her pussy already begging for that cock. He reached under her skirt and felt that wet pussy screaming for attention. He slipped a finger inside of her. She grabbed onto his collar and moaned.

He lifted her up and set her on a box bringing his tongue to her clit. She moaned and screamed as his expert tongue made her shiver and convulse. She looked down the alley and saw her boyfriend stroking himself.

"Watch me baby. Watch me being pleasured by this guy. I know you want to see that cock in my mouth. I know you want to see him fuck me." The thoughts screaming inside her own head making her cum.

The man got up and started to undo his pants, but she was too horny for that cock she got down and undid his belt and zipper, letting that large, fat, cock land onto her quivering lips.

She was almost breathless as she took his full size into her mouth. Gagging on his tasty shaft. She couldn't help but look him in the eyes as she started to stroke his cock as she sucked. She could taste that delicious precum start to spill onto her tongue. Making her body shake and moan. She felt him grab her hair and pull her deeper onto his shaft. Her pussy was dripping and begging for it.

He let her go and picked her up onto the boxes. She stared towards her boyfriend as the man inserted his meat into her. Her mouth went wide and her eyes glazed over. She couldn't even breathe as that massive cock opened her tight pussy. He began pumping hard and fast she screamed and moaned. She held onto his neck and moved in closer letting that cock go deeper into her pussy.

"Oh fuck, fuck, fuck. Oh my god! Fuck me! Fuck me!" she screamed.

He pounded harder and harder into her, each thrust bringing her to even bigger and bigger climaxes. She felt her body spasm as she moaned into each thrust. She felt it hit the most amazing spot her boyfriend could not, oh god he was hitting it.

"Right there. Oh fuck!"

She felt him lose control let him fuck her wildly. All she could do was bite her lip and scream. She felt that hot cum fill her pussy, he kept pumping with every shot. She moaned with each thrust looking towards her boyfriend.

He knew what had happened. She was going to have him feel that cum as he fucked her.

The man pulled his pants back on and she wrote her number on a piece of loose paper, whispering into his ear "call me."

The man walked back into the club. As the door shut her boyfriend was walking over. She reached down to her pussy with two fingers, bringing that delicious mixture of her wet pussy and a stranger's cum to her lips.

"It tastes so fucking good baby" she said in a sultry voice.

"Come here and kiss me, taste it baby." She pulled him close and pushed her tongue into his mouth. She could already feel his cock throbbing against her used slit. She moaned as it glided against her lips.

"Fuck me baby. Fuck that used pussy. Feel that cum. Doesn't it turn you on to know I've been used?" He just stared into her eyes, kissed her again and thrust his cock into her. She moaned as he began pumping inside her cum filled pussy. He thrust so hard and deep into her. There was nothing that could turn her on more than the result of her cuckolding him. He grabbed her back and brought a tit into his mouth as he continued pumping. She moaned at how wild and rough he was being.

"Oh fuck baby. You like how other men fuck me don't you?"

"Fuck this used pussy baby. Oh fuck!"

She could feel him started to cum so she pushed him off and went to her knees. She pulled his dirty cock into her mouth and sucked as hard and as sloppy as she could. She stroked his shaft and felt it pump his hot, delicious, load into her mouth. She made sure every drop of cum made it into her mouth. She kept stroking his cock as she swallowed his load.

"Did you like that baby? Did you like watching me get used by another man?"

"Yes baby."

"I thought so" she said as she started to tease his head. He could cum again...