 This story is based on real people but not on a real situation. The names have been changed as have the locations. Hopefully, one day the real Candace and Tyler will get together in a similar scenario.

-------------------------------------

I've never been much of a morning person. It's the fact that I have to get up and go to work that bothers me the most. I've always been kind of anti-establishment that way, I guess. I want to make my own hours and do things at my own pace, not someone else's. But, hey, my job at Audio/Video World isn't that bad. The pay is nice, the job is moderately interesting and the view is unbelievable. I'm not talking about the trees or the sky; I mean I work with the hottest girl I've ever seen. Her name is Candace. She's 5'3", petite, long blonde hair that goes halfway down her back, piercing blue eyes, perfect chest and an amazing ass. She's the kind of girl that wars are started over. Now, I'm not one of those guys who falls in love with any random hot girl, because I don't 'love' her, I mean, I love the way she looks but mostly I just want to fuck her brains out. But then there's the boyfriend. Ugh. Why is it that the hottest girls are always in solid relationships? This one's no different - he's being groomed to take over daddy's empire and they're madly in love. Normally, that wouldn't stop me from trying, but he's a really nice guy - not to mention a lot bigger than me and kind of the jealous type as well. I'm more of a lover than a fighter, so I'd rather not piss him off.

It's Wednesday today and that means it's going to be slow. Typically in sales Wednesday is our slowest day so we kill time with busy work like checking inventory levels and keeping the showroom clean. Arnold, our manager, tends to spend Wednesdays at the track so usually we kill the time by playing cards and talking instead of doing actual work. Arnold will usually call in the mid afternoon to make sure he's not needed. The track keeps him pretty occupied so much so that sometimes we won't see him until Friday morning. I don't mind, though. If he were around then I'd be left doing actual work. Plus, Arnold is a pretty cool dude as well. A little bizarre and has kind of a gambling problem, but I like him.

Today, Candace looks better than ever. She's wearing a thin, white low-cut shirt that just stops halfway down her chest, showing off her cleavage and a black sweater on top of that that doesn't do anything to hide her fantastic tits. Over the past few months, I've been caught so many times staring at her tits which usually lead to an awkward exchange with both of us pretending nothing happened. Lately, though, she's starting to show more cleavage and giving me more opportunities to look. I'm not sure how I should read into that. Today, she's also wearing a black skirt that cuts just above her knees; black nylons that drive me insane and 3 inch heeled boots that make her ass stick out into a perfect heart shape. She always dresses pretty sexy which works to her advantage a lot in our industry as a lot of our customers are young men who'll buy just about anything from her.

"Morning, Candace," I say as I hand her a coffee I picked up at the local cafe on my way to work. I head to Arnold's desk he won't be using it today so it's where I'll spend much my time.

"Thanks, Tyler," Candace says as she sits across the desk from me. I'm still wearing my sunglasses so I take this opportunity to stare directly at her chest somehow hoping that my Jedi force abilities will kick in and a couple of buttons come undone. But they never seem to materialize no matter how many times I've watched Empire. "Oops, I spilled a little," she says. I didn't even notice at first that the hot coffee had spilled on my hand.

"Oh, damn, that's hot," I yelled as I took off my sunglasses and shake my hand like it's on fire. Was I talking about the coffee or Candace's tits? Both of them, I guess.

"I'm so sorry," she said in a panic as she leaned forward across the desk to reach for a tissue on my side. With this I got a great view down her shirt. I know, enough about this girls breasts but they really are that amazing. Think of the best C-cup tits you've ever seen - now think of how those could possibly be better, Candace's are the better ones.

"Do I have something down my shirt?" Candace said to me with a playful grin as she sat back down and wiped the coffee off of my hand and the desk.

"I, uh... what? Um... No, I mean... Sorry," was all I could think of to say. In all the times I'd been caught staring, we just kind of pretended nothing happened. This time, she actually acknowledged that I was checking her out.

"That's ok. They were right in your face and you've never really been one to look away," she said still with that playful grin on her face.

"Well, um, yeah, huh? I'm sorry Candace," I said with a nervous chuckle.

"Don't be sorry, It's my fault for wearing this shirt, right?" she said.

"Well in that case," as a joke, I looked down at her tits all wide eyed, "Nice!" I said with a chuckle. 

"You like?" She said as she cupped each breast in each hand and gently squeezed them together and laughed, "Well comparing to some of the girls I've seen you with; I'll take that as a pretty good compliment."

I have been known to be seen with a variety of different girls on different occasions. Usually young coeds that I meet at different clubs. Nothing ever comes out of it, though and I'm kind of getting bored of that scene. I want a girl with more substance, one that's not so much into her and one that's confident, smart and sexy. Kind of like Candace.

Hold on a second... Did she just do that? Did she just pose for me? My God this girl is sexy; all the blood is rushing from my head to my cock which if I stood up would be very obvious right now.

"Um, well, Candace... You're much sexier than any girl I've ever been with," I immediately regretted saying that. See, before I guess we were just joking around and now I've taken it to the next level by showing that I obviously have feelings for her. But then again, I do tend to over analyze the situation at times.

"You think I'm sexy?" she said playfully. Now she's just trying to embarrass me, right?

"I think you're the sexiest and hottest girl I know," I just came out and said it, hopefully she wont feel too uncomfortable around me now.

Ding ding.

Saved by the bell! A customer just wandered into the store. Just in time, too cause we were just about to have a very awkward moment. I'm so relieved to see someone come in, but I kind of have a situation in my pants... Candace looks at me to go help the customer.

"Can you get that, I'm just not into selling yet," she said.

"Oh, well... I can't," I said as I almost instantly turned red, "Um..."

Candace's eyes lit up and her smile turned wicked, "are you hard?" She whispered.

I sheepishly looked down, which was an obvious yes. "I'm sorry," I chuckled, "this has been quite a morning so far. I don't know if there's a whole big enough for me to crawl into." Then she said something I'll never forget:

"That's ok, let me take care of this customer and then maybe if it's still around, I'll take care of your situation too,"

As she walked away, I couldn't help but think that this has to be a dream. The best damn dream ever. Did she really say that? And what did she mean exactly by that? I couldn't wait for her to come back. I got up and went back to the stock room without anyone seeing my raging hard-on. I had to collect myself and assess the situation.

The customer that came in was just looking for some batteries so Candace had them taken care of pretty quick. After the customer left, she locked the door and put up the 'back in 15' sign. I barely had time to think about what happened when she was in the stock room with me. She walked right up to me and kissed me. Almost immediately I reacted by opening my mouth and making out with her right there in the stock room. I reached down and placed both of my hands on her ass and starting squeezing. It felt even better than it looked. Suddenly, Candace broke our kiss.

"I've seen you looking at me, Tyler and I like it. At first, it was fun but now when I catch you looking at me and see the bulge in your pants, I get so hot," she said "but I do have a boyfriend so just think of this as a way to make the day go by a little faster, ok?" And with that, she unbuttoned my pants, reached into my shorts and started stroking my cock.

"Damn, Candace, where is this coming from?" I said as if I were tempting fate by questioning the amazing gift it just dropped in my lap. Literally. I half expected to pass out right there. Who was I to question this hot blonde with my cock in her hand?

"I've been thinking about doing this for a while now," she said as she led me over to the chair in the corner. "Sit," she demanded. And as I did, she sunk down to her knees and teased me with the idea that she was about to suck my cock.

She gently stroked my cock with her left hand as her right hand disappeared under her skirt. She looked up at me with that playful grin and said "you're a lot bigger than David, I don't know if I can fit it all down my throat," and with that her lips parted and she took my cockhead into her mouth. My hips bucked forward as her tongue swirled around my tip and her hand stroked up and down my shaft. She slowly started working her mouth down my shaft, stopping after a little bit only to go back up and tease my tip more. She worked my cock like a pro as she took her right hand from between her legs and rubbed her juices on my lips. Damn, she tasted better than I thought was possible. As she became more comfortable with my cock in her mouth, she started to pick up the pace and take more of me inside.

"Damn, Candace, fuck you really know what you're doing down there," I really had to concentrate not to blow my load too early but she was making it pretty difficult not to fill her throat with cum. I really wanted to fuck this girl.

She responded only by taking her hand off of my shaft and going all the way down and taking all of my 8 inches down her throat. She held me there for a while and then came all the way up. She licked and sucked my balls as her hand was milking my shaft. Then, she did it again, starting at the tip of my cock, slowly slid all the way down to the base without gagging and all the way back up. She increased her pace until she felt my balls tighten up in her hand. 

She stopped and looked up at me and said, "I want you to fuck me." Who am I to say no? I stood up and helped Candace to her feet. I grabbed her ass and picked her up and carried her over to a stack of DVD players in the middle of the stock room. I set her on top of them and then I noticed she wasn't wearing any underwear. She hiked her skirt up spread her legs wide open for me. I stopped and took it all in for a moment. She looked so hot there, waiting for me to fuck her brains out. I saw one of our demo video cameras off to the side within reaching distance. I grabbed it, turned it on and started filming.

"What are you doing?" She said in a curious tone.

"I just want to make sure I have evidence that this is actually happening," I said.

I set the camera up so it had a perfect view of us and then I moved my attention back the Candace. I'm pretty sure I'm not going to last long, heck I almost unloaded in her mouth. But I really need to taste more of her first. I grabbed a thigh in each hand and pulled her pussy towards my mouth. How could a girl taste so good? I stuck my tongue deep into her hole to get as much taste as possible. Then I replaced my tongue with my middle finger and found her clit with my mouth which I started to instinctively work over. Her pussy was so juicy and I could feel her hips starting to convulse and vibrate around my head.

"Oh, God Tyler, hurry up and fuck me," she said as she grabbed my head and pulled my up to her. We kissed as she found my cock and guided me into her sweet pussy. "Oh, fuck, you're so much bigger than David."

I took that as a sign that I should take it slow at first. I slowly pushed my cock inside of her. She was so tight and wet. When I got all the way in, I couldn't control myself and started fucking her.

"Oh God, yes. Tyler, fuck me hard,"

Her pussy felt so good milking my cock as she climaxed a second time. I ripped her blouse open and undid her bra. Her tits were even more amazing than I thought. That was enough to push me over the edge.

"Damn, Candace, I'm gonna cum."

"Don't stop fucking me," She said.

"Ohh!" I just couldn't hold it in anymore and I thrust deep inside and unloaded rope after rope of cum. I think that people might have heard me across town. As the last of cum dripped from my cock, I stayed hard and kept lightly pushing my cock in and out of her. Finally I pulled out, but I wasn't close to being done. I turned her over on her stomach and stated kissing her back and cupping her tits from behind. I guided my cock back to her pussy which was still soaking wet from our juices and slowly entered her again.

Candace quickly came out of her daze and looked back at me smiling, "you're a stud, usually David falls asleep right after he cums."

"I'm nowhere near done fucking you, Candace," I said as I started on a good pace. I grabbed a hold of her hips and really started fucking her.

"Oh Tyler, you like fucking me, don't you? Oh God, I know how much you've wanted to do this. Tyler I want you to cum... Oh! I want you to cum on my tits, Tyler."

I didn't need much encouragement. I pulled out of her and carried her off of the boxes onto our pile of clothes on the floor. She put each leg on my shoulders as my cock again slid into her. Entering her from another angle sent her over the edge as starting shouting "Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me!" I couldn't take any more, my balls were tightening up and I could feel cum boiling in my shaft. I set her legs down and straddled her chest. She squeezed her tits on either side of my cock as I started thrusting again. She sensed I was about to cum and grabbed my cock and pointed it right at her mouth. As I started shooting cum right down her throat, she wrapped her lips around my cockhead and stroked my shaft wildly with her left hand. I collapsed beside her and tried to catch my breath.

"Whew," she said, "that's one way to make the day go by faster. I guess you'll just have to cum on my tits next week. Hey listen, make sure no one else sees this tape, ok? Just between you and me." She winked, gathered up her clothes and went to the bathroom.

I was left lying on the stockroom floor. I got up and put back on my clothes and went to the front to open the door. Dave was waiting for us to open the door.

"Hey, buddy. Sorry about that, I just came in the back and I guess Candace is in the bathroom."

"No worries, Ty," Dave said and he didn't pick up anything unusual like the fact that I just came in his girlfriends mouth minutes ago. "Candace and I were supposed to do lunch today. Hey there she is!"

"Hey, David, sorry I was in the bathroom," she walked up to him and kissed him on the lips.

"Hmm, what did you have for breakfast?" David said with a weird look on his face.

"Just something I picked up on the way to work. It actually tasted delicious. I think I might have more for a snack this afternoon." She winked at me. "Hey, listen, meet me in the car, I just have to grab my cell."

"Alright, be quick," and with that David left.

"Thanks, Ty," she walked over to me and grabbed my crotch. "See you after lunch."

After that, things pretty much went back to normal. Candace is still with David and I still troll the clubs for coed ass but Wednesdays are a lot more fun Audio/Video World and I have a whole library of video tapes to prove it.