 I stand, leaning against the doorframe of the bedroom door. I am in nothing but my own skin, the way that I prefer to be. The way that you prefer me to be, at least when we are alone together. I watch you sleeping quietly for a change. I know that you haven’t done so in a very long time.

Way to many painful memories, that not just any woman would understand about. I guess I stand apart from the crowd in that respect. Growing up in a military family has well prepared me to deal with your nightmares. From the ones where you toss and turn, to the ones where you wake screaming, in a cold sweat, and panicked in a manner that would scare lesser women to the point that they run. You have been sleeping for hours now, and as I watch over you, I see the nightmares start. 

Watching you start to moan and wad the sheet in your hands, I know that it is time for me to intervene. I will not allow you to do this anymore. You have had enough and I know how to stop it. I move quietly in bare feet over the floor. I softly call your name. Watching you try to struggle out of the hell that is your nightmare, I reach the bed.

Watching your hands and feet, which I know can hurt me if I am not thinking clearly, I sit gently on the bed. I worm a hand under the covers and find your hip. I am talking very quietly to you. Gently stroking your hip, I move my hand slowly towards your cock. Reaching it, my fingers softly wrap around it, beginning to stroke you awake. I feel your body start to wake up. Your body responds to me as if it is the most natural thing in the world.

I move my mouth down to your pubic line and let my lips barely brush the head of your cock. Your balls are being gently rolled in my other hand. Stroking up and at the same time, sucking just the head of your cock into my mouth, I moan. The vibrations cause your eyes to open just enough for your brain to register that it is me and what I am doing to you. 

Moaning, you look down at me, your eyes hooded into mere slits. I continue to stroke and suck you. Varying the speed and the strokes, I keep a constant suction on your cock head. I can feel you swell in my mouth. I begin to flick my tongue against various places on the head of your cock. You are leaking pre cum and I am loving every second of it. I lap it up. You look down at me and smile.

I continue to watch your face as I slide your cock in and out of my mouth. I tongue the underside of your balls and watch you jump. I like to tease you at times. To make you feel all those things that you thought that you never would feel again. Your hips begin to move, trying to push you deeper into my mouth. I wait to feel the pressure of your hands on my head, but it doesn’t happen. You have remembered what I told you about that one.

I move your cock out of my mouth. Slowly licking and running my tongue over it, but never taking you back into my mouth. You are responding with moans and whimpers. Watching you, I can see the orgasm that is slowly being built. I can feel that little muscle in your stomach starting to twitch beneath my hand. Your hips are moving up with each lick of your shaft and your breath is quick and harsh. I know what you need, I know what you want.

About every third or fourth lick, I suck just the head of your cock into my warm, wet mouth. Watching you, I can see the beads of sweat that are breaking out on your body from you trying to prolong these feelings as long as possible. I flick the tip of my tongue against that sensitive spot, just underneath the head flare. Running my tongue around the rim of your head. You respond by lifting your hips. I watch as you move, feeling the want that you have. The need to be in me more than you are now.

I can feel the swelling of your cock, and I know from watching your eyes that your orgasm is not far away. I cradle your balls in my hand and begin a sensual massage of them. I can see them drawing up as your body attempts to reach that point where you will forget all the nightmares. I suck your cock as far into my mouth as I can. Sliding my mouth up and down the length of you. I feel your body tense and I see your eyes close. 

I feel the hot cum hit the back of my throat and hear your words, as you release the nightmares. I continue to lightly suck you dry. I watch as the expression on your face changes, knowing that you become very sensitive after you cum. Swallowing what you have given me, I look up you. Watching you look at me in quiet contentment, knowing that you are sated and can rest again. I crawl up the bed, cradle you in my arms, and talk softly to you as you drift back to sleep. Watching you, making sure that you sleep without the fear of the nightmares. Forever watching over you, my love.