 After chatting with you last night I went to bed as I said I was but found myself unable to sleep. Lay there for the longest thinking about you guys and want you were doing. My mind begins to wonder and then I could see a vision of a beautiful person lying on the bed with just a sheet covering her and the tops of her breast were exposed. The look on her face was that of passion and lust. I could even smell the scent of her pussy and knew she was hot and ready to be fucked. Just knowing it was just a matter of pulling down that sheet and knowing what lay only a few feet away was making my man hood firm and hard. In my mind I could even see the outline of her pussy lips and they lay open waiting to be taken. She was wet and she was hot. 

The movement of the bed was enough for me to know that she had one of her hands between her lays playing with the folds of her pussy and I could even hear the sounds of her fingers as they entered her very wet and hot pussy. 

Standing at the foot of the bed was a man and I know that man should have been her boy friend but it was me. All I could do was stare and watch as the look on her face changed and her eyes closed and I knew it wasn't going to be long and she was going to cum. As much as I was enjoying this I wanted to see more. I wanted to be able to look at that pussy and feel and taste it but I knew that wasn't going to happen. 

Out of the corner of my eye stood someone else. A much younger man a man that I knew who she was thinking of and I knew it was the man that would have all the pleasures I was wanting. I tried not to think of him and even tried to put him out of my mind but as hard as I tried he wouldn't go away. It was him that she was wanting and I had to face that no matter how hard I tried. 

It was then she pulled down the sheet and motion for him to come to her. She was ready to be fucked and fucked hard and long. He moved toward the bed and I could tell he was ready. He had a very firm hard dick standing out. I could even see some per cum on the end of his dick and I knew that I was to move aside and let this man take over where I wanted to be. 

He moved on the bed and begins kissing those beautiful lips and where her hand once was he replaced with his own. The sounds got louder and the smell of sex got stronger and stronger as they moved together. I could hear her whisper to him please take me and take me now. I want you inside me. 

Within a flash he moved from beside her and I notice her legs begin to part and I saw for the first time how wet and hot she really was. She was very wet the lips of her pussy were very big and swollen with the blood that had rushed into them. 

She open her legs further and he moved between her legs and within seconds he placed his dick between those lips and begin to push into her. The sound from her lips told me she had gotten what she was wanting inside her and the look on her face showed more passion that I have seen before. As he begins to move in and out of her pussy she alone with him became like two animals in heat. It was hot and it was furious. The faster he moves the more sounds that came from their voice. 

All I could do was stand and watch as this two people who I knew were very much in love was fucking like animals. Then out of the corner of her eye I could see her watching me as I stood with my hard dick in hand jacking off trying to replace the man in my mind. She gave me a smile and winked letting me know it was okay to watch and I knew she wanted me to pleasure myself and I did. 

It took a while for me to go to sleep after that but I did only to awake this morning and once again start a new day still wondering what it would be like to be as lucky as the man that got her time and time again last night.