 **The following is a work of erotic fiction in which all characters involved are consenting adults over the age of 18. Not intended to represent any actual person(s) and/or real events.**



She giggled as she tossed the recently removed bra at the object of her flirtation. His hard cock throbbed in his pants as he realized that the only thing between him and those gorgeous round breasts was the zipper of a hoodie. He smirked, hiding his arousal from her. Her eyes twinkled as she watched him, looking for a reaction on his face. He tucked the bra on the sofa next to him, not giving her the satisfaction of a sexual escalation just yet. As the tension simmered, they turned back to the basketball game on the television, both of them ignoring the third person in the room. The third one sat with a slightly bemused, but mostly annoyed, look on his face over the extracurricular flirtation, his intent clearly wanting to stay on the game. 

At the next timeout, the bra's temporary guardian stood, his intentions still guarded, and put the bra in his pants pocket while he walked out of the room and into the kitchen. "Ashley," he called a few seconds later, "could you come in here please and show me where you keep your cups?" The double entendre amused him, but could seem a tame enough question when posed in his current location. As she demurely walked into the kitchen, he knew now was the time to act. He beckoned her with a silent finger slightly out of ear shot of the living room. He held up the bra, a sly grin on his face. "Do you want it back?" His words were but a whisper as his grin widened. She blushed, nodding silently. "Hmm. What do you have to trade?" She pulled out the pockets of her tight jeans, a sexy pout crossing her lips. She had nothing on her of any value, but he already knew that. "How about you unzip that hoodie and I'll give it back?" She slowly cocked her head to the side, contemplating the deal, but the glow on her face let him know that she was definitely on the same page with him and that this was just part of the game. Her lithe hand went to the zipper tag and slowly she started to pull downward. As the front of the garment parted, she turned away from him, preventing him from seeing what he craved.

Gently, he reached out and put his hands on her hips, pulling her to him, her back to his chest. He ran his hands up under the jacket and caressed her sides as her head leaned back onto his shoulder. Her voice eked out a conspiratorial whisper, "What if he comes in here?"

He shook his head briefly even though she couldn't see. "He won't. He'd rather watch the game." His hands swiftly moved up and cupped her heavy breasts, just taking in their dimensions. As he marveled at her soft skin, she drew in a sharp breath of arousal. Good. He wanted her to start feeding into the lust he was feeling. He kneaded her breasts, lightly rubbing his palms across her hardening nipples and eliciting a whimper of pleasure. Kissing her neck, he slid both hands back down to her hips, but then around to the button fly of her jeans. Plink. Plink. Plink. One by one, he undid the buttons. 

"We shouldn't," she quietly cautioned, but made no move to stop him. 

He could feel the heat coming from inside her jeans as his right hand plunged down the parting of the button fly. He easily slipped past the waistband security of her silky panties and down toward the source of the warmth. She tensed in anticipation, but sighed deeply when his fingers found the already damp folds of her vaginal entrance. As he rubbed two fingers across those sensitive lips, his thumb sought her clitoris and a sharp intake of breath let him know he found it. She turned slowly, leading him away from the living room and into the nearby bathroom without disengaging their connection. He closed the door behind him and turned on the light as she leaned forward on the sink, ready to be plucked like strings on a harp in the key of pleasure. His left hand returned upward and fingers cinched upon a nipple, rolling it slightly and tugging. She grunted and rolled her hips. This was actually happening and she was going to enjoy it. No sense in stopping now. As her hips rolled, her jeans slowly slid down to her knees. His left hand disengaged from her nipple, his right still strumming her wetness, and he tried removing the jacket. His awkward tugs at the cloth found to be insufficient, she took the job upon herself and tossed the hoodie over her shoulder. "Mmmmm, you're getting into it," he playfully chided, "I knew that good girl could turn bad." She smiled into the mirror at him, her eyelids heavy with pleasure. A brief murmur of acknowledgement passed her lips as she bit back the sounds of ecstasy that she wanted to express, but couldn't with the otherwise unsuspecting company in the other room. He removed his hand from her pussy, which elicited a disappointed sound, but she understood when he took both hands and pulled her panties down to join her jeans. Since she was barefoot, she went ahead and slinked free of her bottoms entirely, leaving her naked.

He guided her hands back to the sink's counter and then dropped to his knees behind her, putting his mouth up to her wetness. His tongue caressed the lips his fingers had just been strumming and he returned a thumb to her clitoris. She let out a heavy exhale and her legs started to wobble. She couldn't believe he was doing this to her while his friend sat in the next room, just feet away, but she was too turned on to care. She wanted to cum badly and she was going to let him provide that pleasure. As he continued his oral ministrations, he snaked his other arm up to caress her inner thigh, almost lightly tickling it. He wanted her nerves to be standing on end when he brought her to orgasm. He wanted it to be intense. He wanted to take her breath away. He wanted this entire erotic scene to be burned into her memory for years to come. He wanted it to be the reason she would silently masturbate in the shower or just before bed. He wanted it to lead to more moments like this when he could share his physical attraction to her. But he wouldn't get ahead of himself. There was work to be done.

He began to make love to her with his mouth. Long, slow strokes with the flat of his tongue. Penetrating prods with the point of his tongue alternated with butterfly flicking of her clit. Her hips were bucking in earnest at this point, the culmination of the act getting close to fruition. Panting, she blurted out in a harsh whisper, "Please. Fuck. Ohgod. Ohgod! Make me cum!" It didn't take much longer for him to oblige. He steadied her thighs with his hands as she shuddered through her weak-kneed orgasm. As she slowly returned from her post-orgasmic bliss, he playfully licked at her clit, causing her to give a tiny squeal and pull away. She turned around as he got to his feet. They met in a kiss, giving her a chance to taste what he just had been. He ran his hands along her naked body, indulging his skin's craving of contact with her. It had been a torrid session, barely a few minutes, but surely they were being missed. 

He broke their kiss and, just moments later, his friend knocked on the door and asked if everything was okay. He looked to his flushed partner and grinned from ear to ear as he assured his friend that things were just fine. Nature's call came at a bad time, he explained. When asked where the gracious host had gone, she whispered to her lover the solution. "She told me she had to step out back to make a call," he relayed to his sports-loving pal. This served the intended purpose and the curious friend went back into the living room to continue his view of the game. "I think that bought us some time," he said quietly. 

"What about you," she asked, "You're still dressed!" Her hand found the front of his pants and the rock hard cock being held back by the material and she purred. "Let's get him out in the open so he can join the party," she suggested as she manipulated the opening to his pants. He didn't have to be asked twice and helped her lower his pants to his ankles. She grasped his scrotum gently and stroked it before taking hold of his rigid, hot cock. It was his turn to sharply inhale. "Oh, I think he likes it," she teased, and he vocalized to the affirmative. Stroking his dick, she leaned up on her tiptoes to kiss his neck and his reddening left ear. "Do you want me?" Eyes closed, he whispered a yes in reply. Her talk turned bold. "Do you want me to suck your cock?" 

He groaned. He had dreamed of this moment and he would not be denied with a rude awakening in an empty bed this time. He replied with "Of course I do." 

She laughed softly, but with wickedness. "Of course you do, what?" She continued to stroke his straining cock. 

"God dammit," he breathed, "of course I want you to suck my cock." 

She smiled. "Tell me, then." 

He blushed, but the words immediately came. "I want you to suck my cock." 

She smiled again, the pace of her stroke quickening, "Order me, baby. Tell me to get on my knees and suck you." She was surprised that her own words were making her pussy wet again. The dirty talk was too much for her partner and, with a groan, he began to cum against her stomach. He clutched her to him as she continued to milk his balls of their contents, his hips thrusting forward with each wet spasm.

Slowly, his breathing returned to normal and he opened his eyes, looking down into hers. They saw it in each others' eyes. This wouldn't be the last time they would have an encounter. The ice had been broken and there was nothing but heat now. With some nervous giggles and playful kisses, they got dressed and decided to make separate returns to the living room. Once there, they had eyes on the television, but neither of them was really paying attention. They had other things to think about.