 George finished photographing the last of the four waterfalls at Whiskeytown Lake and turned to start the trek back to the trailhead. This hike had been the longest of the four at 1.7 miles one way. The elevation change was 600 feet over the length of the hike. He was in fair shape for a 63 year old man but he still needed to take several breaks on the way up, especially on the steeper grades. The good news was that most of the return trip would be downhill. While he had enjoyed the hikes and had taken several pictures that he was sure he could sell. He was glad to be able to go back to his truck and relax with a cold beer while he uploaded the pictures to his computer for editing.

He had always been interested in photography but until his retirement a year ago he hadn't had much time to devote to it. Since then he had purchased a couple nice lenses and attended a few workshops trying to up the ante on his new hobby.

This trip was all about photographing waterfalls and he was sure he would be pleased with the results. As he hiked to each of the falls he fantasized about finding a cute woman skinny-dipping in the pool below the falls. Of course the fantasy wasn't fulfilled. He'd never be that lucky! 

The closest he got was a skinny twenty something chick in a bikini but she was with her chubby tattooed and nipple pierced boyfriend, that and the fact that he had nearly forty years on her meant it probably wouldn't have gone anywhere even if she had been alone. But the fantasy persisted in his mind.

As he continued the descent he heard the sound of rushing water. Looking down over the embankment he could see a small creek with a number of cascades. He remembered seeing it on the way up the trail. He stood there contemplating whether to try and descend the bank for a closer look and more photos. Knowing that any descent would involve an uphill climb back to the trail. He was on the verge of passing up the opportunity when he thought he heard a female voice.

"Hey mister!" He heard her say again. "You just gonna stand there and stare or are you gonna come down here and take my picture?"

George looked around where he thought the voice was coming from, "I hear you but I can't see you."

The woman waved her hand and yelled "Over here!"

He finally saw her and called back, "How in the hell did you get down there?"

"Go back up the trail about fifty feet. You'll see a narrow path," she yelled back. 

"Oh great back up hill!" he said to himself, as he turned and started up. He found the path, which was very narrow and no doubt only used by the animals to access the creek and who ever was calling to him. Fortunately it was an easy descent and he was soon standing next to a small creek with a lot of cascades.

George looked up and down the creek trying to find the woman behind the voice.

"I'm over here," he heard her laugh. "Boy, you sure aren't much of a Daniel Boone are you?"

He looked in the direction of the voice and saw her head pop up from behind a small shrub. 

"Well, how am I suppose to see you behind the brush?" He answered, walking toward her.

She laughed as her head disappeared behind the bush again.

George made his way around the brush and saw her from behind. She was sitting in the creek naked. At least she was naked from the waist up. She had positioned her body in a shallow part of the creek with her legs splayed at a forty-five degree angle directing the onrushing water into her crotch. The water cascaded over her thighs making it difficult to tell whether she was completely naked.

Her head was tilted back and her eyes were closed. She had that smile of satisfaction a woman gets when someone or something is touching her in just the right way.

She moved her hands leaning further back into the water giving George an excellent view of her perfect tits. They were small; probably a 'B' cup at best but perfectly formed. Her long black hair drifted away from her on top of the water.

She tilted her pelvis higher against the cascading water and smiled. He saw her ass. It was bare and just as perfect as her tits. Her body was well tanned and sculptured. Not even a hint of a tan line was visible anywhere on her gorgeous form.

He felt his dick getting stiff as he stood there mesmerized by her beauty.

"Are you just going to stand there gawking or are you gonna take my picture?" she asked. "I like this pose? Don't you?"

"Wh-what, oh yeah, sure," he finally managed to say. "It's not often I find a naked woman alone in the woods, especially a beautiful one," he added.

He dropped his backpack and kicked off his shoes. After pulling his socks off he stepped into the creek toward her, extending the legs of his tripod almost as fast as his dick was making its way down the leg of his shorts. He set the tripod up next to her. After adjusting the camera angle he zoomed in on her face and snapped off a couple shots. "Let's have a look at those eyes," he said.

She looked up at him and smiled. Her eyes were nearly as dark as her hair. George snapped off a couple more shots before widening the view to include her chest and getting a few more images of her. 

Her breasts were perfectly shaped with large dark areolas surrounding even darker nipples that were partially erect. "Gorgeous," George said, snapping off a few more shots.

"I can tell you like the view," she said, looking up at the obvious bulge in his shorts.

"What's not to like?" he answered. He panned further out and took a few shots of her entire body. She lowered her hips slightly allowing the water to take away the clear view her pussy.

"Damn, I should have been faster," George said, turning the camera and zooming in between her legs.

She obliged him by lifting herself out of the water and holding herself up while he got more shots of her shaved mound no longer obscured by the moving water.

"Why don't you lower your camera and get some shots at a lower angle," she suggested.

George nodded as he started to retract the tripod legs. He set the shortened rig back in the creek and started kneel into the water.

She laughed, "Wait silly. You're not going to like trekking out of here if you get all wet. I'll hold the camera while you take your clothes off."

He was stunned for a couple seconds as he looked at her, not quite sure if she was serious or not. She smiled at him confirming her suggestion.

"You got it?" he asked, waiting for her to grab one leg of the tripod. "Hold it, I'll be right back."

He waded through the shallow water to the bank of the creek and pulled his shirt over his head, tossing it on top of his backpack. He pushed his shorts and bikini briefs down in one motion. When he stood up and turned back toward her his cock pointed at her leading the way.

"Oooh, nice!" she exclaimed, "Now I'm enjoying the view."

He laughed nervously as he waded back out to her and knelt down in the water partially hiding his erection from her. "Wow, that's colder than I thought. I hope it doesn't cause any shrinkage," he laughed.

She waited until he had a hand on the camera then slid her hand over and grabbed his cock. "You take the pictures, I'll make sure nothing shrinks," she said smiling.

George tried to concentrate as he repositioned the camera. She was stroking his hard-on making it extremely difficult to get the shot setup. He picked up the entire rig and set it down with the center pole between her legs against her pussy. George straddled her legs and adjusted the camera. He put his knee behind the center pole of the tripod and intentionally pressed it against her pussy while he clicked off numerous close-ups of her tits from this new angle. He got a couple more shots when she lifted her head and looked at him between her breasts.

She pulled on his cock, "Get closer."

George held the camera up as he moved his body up on hers until his cock was between her tits. She pressed her breasts around his shaft. "Fuck my tits," she demanded.

He set the camera down with the lens pointed at her face. He set the focus and started moving his hard-on between her breasts. "This feels so great," he managed to get out.

She raised her head and licked the head of his cock when he pushed forward. "How about that? Does that feel good?" she asked.

He responded by pushing his cock further, letting her take more of it into her mouth before pulling back and sliding forward between her wet lips again. He leaned up pushing his cock deeper into her mouth and held it there. He had about three inches of his shaft in her mouth and she was swirling her tongue around his cockhead. George groaned in ecstasy as he reached over and pressed the shutter release two or three times.

She moved her head back slowly letting his dick slide out of her mouth. "You can go deeper if you want," she offered. "I think I can do most of you. Just go slow," she added, smiling up at him.

George leaned up again, sliding his cock back into her warm mouth. She lifted her head as he pushed slowly toward her until all but an inch of his erection was covered. He pressed into her mouth until her lips were at the base of his cock. He could feel her throat tight around the head of his cock. 

The feeling was incredible. She swirled her tongue around the base of his dick. "You're gonna make me cum if we keep this up," he said, not sure if she heard him over the sound of the water.

Her dark eyes looked up at him as she sucked him further into her throat. Then she slowly slid her head back swabbing his shaft with her tongue as it slid out of her mouth.

"I don't want you to cum yet," she purred, licking the under side of his shaft. "I like playing with your cock. It feels good in my mouth." She licked a drop of pre-cum off the head and wrapped her lips around it. She released it and asked, "You don't mind if I play with it, do you?"

"Not at all," he answered, "Just know that you're driving me wild."

"Help me up," she said, "We'll get out of the water. I have a blanket."

George grabbed his camera and stood up holding out a hand to help her up. When she was upright George realized that she was more petite than she appeared laying in the water. She was about his height and very well proportioned. Her tits looked just as perfect, standing proudly and firmly on her chest, nipples erect in the center of her dark areolas. She had a slim waist and her hips and ass were perfectly shaped.

He put his free arm around her and pulled her against him. His hand slid down her back to her ass. He squeezed one of her firm butt cheeks and kissed her warm mouth.

She put one arm around him and grabbed his ass. Her other hand found his cock and stroked it as her tongue returned his oral advances. Their tongues lashed sensuously as they stood in the middle of the creek holding each other. Slowly their lips parted. She kissed his cheek as her hand slid off his ass. She led him by his hard-on, to the far side of the creek. She took him around a large Redwood tree to a grassy area where he saw a small camouflage colored tent. She released her grip on his shaft and bent over to unzip the tent door.

George stood behind her admiring her firm round ass. He leaned into her, pressing his cock against her butt crack. She laughed and pressed back against him momentarily. She stood up and turned back to face him. She stroked his erect shaft and quickly ducked into the tent.

Before he could follow she said, " You should go back and get the rest of your gear."

George stood there for a second with his dick pointing in the air, trying to decide whether he should take her suggestion or follow her into the tent. He set his camera down and turned back toward the creek.

"Well," he heard her say, "Are you going to take all day?"

George broke into a run making it across the creek in two long strides, nearly falling on his ass after slipping on the wet rocks in the creek. He grabbed his backpack and clothes and hurried back across the creek to her tent.

When he crawled into the tent she was lying face down on top of a blanket. Her delicious, tanned ass was begging to be squeezed. She had her legs slightly spread and he could see her slit between her thighs. Her outer lips were wet with her juices. George put one hand on each cheek and kneaded the soft flesh.

"Umm, that feels nice," she moaned. She remained perfectly still while he straddled her thighs and massaged her ass. He rubbed the tip of his dick into her ass crack, smearing his pre-cum on her skin then pressed the length of his shaft between her butt cheeks.

"Slide down a little lower for a sec," she said. George slid down below her knees. She pushed back lifting her ass and revealing more of her pussy. 

George took it as an invitation and moved forward quickly, rubbing the head of his dick between her wet lips. He slid his cock back and forth through her wetness several times then pushed his cockhead into her hole. She groaned a little as he pushed another couple inches into her but instead of pressing back she moved lower. George followed her down to the ground trying unsuccessfully to get his shaft further into her.

He pushed his erection down between her legs trying to re-establish contact. He could feel the heat form her vagina on the head of his cock. "Damn Babe. That felt good. You're not going to let me back in?" he asked.

"Lay down next to me first," she said. She turned on her side to face him as George moved closer to her. He caressed her from her shoulders to her butt as they kissed. His hand slowly and sensuously touched every part of her that he could reach. "Ohhhh that feels so nice. You have nice hands, a nice touch," she whispered.

His cock was trapped between their bodies. All he could think about was being inside her. He pressed against her hoping she would take the hint. She pressed back as if to suggest that she wanted him as much as he wanted her. "I want to be in you so bad," he finally said.

"Eat me first," she replied. "I want you to lick my pussy and massage my clit with your tongue. Make me cum with your mouth then you can fuck me with your cock and make me cum again"

George didn't hesitate in fulfilling her request. He slowly kissed his way down her body, stopping to kiss and suckle each nipple before descending to her flat tummy, kissing as much if her as he could.

"Wait," she said, "Where's the camera?"

With his face only inches from her sex, photography was the last thing on his mind. "It's outside," he replied. "Why?"

"I want to take pictures of you eating my pussy," she said.

He laughed and crawled partially out of the tent to retrieve the camera.

"Do you have one of those little buttons that makes it work?" she asked.

"I thought you were the one with the little button," he said looking at her pussy.

She caught the reference to her clit and laughed.

"I guess you mean a remote for the shutter release," he said. Dragging his backpack closer he unzipped one of the pockets and found the remote.

After crawling back in the tent he set the camera on the ground facing her. He handed her the remote button and made sure the camera was set correctly. "There you go, fire away."

She pressed the button and took a picture. "Oops, what did I take a picture of?" she asked.

George flipped up the LCD screen and laughed, "A nice picture of my dick. Would you like that enlarged ma'am?"

"I'll take care of making it bigger," she giggled.

He moved to the other side of her out of the way of the camera as she clicked off another shot. "What did I get this time?" she asked.

"You got you form about here to here," he said putting one hand on her right breast and the other just below her belly button.

She turned the camera a little and took another photo. How about now?"

"That's one I'm gonna enlarge and put on my ceiling," he laughed. He put one hand on her upper thigh and one just above her pussy. "Great," she said, "Just right, you may continue where you left off."

George bent down and kissed her, then kissed and sucked each of her erect nipples before kissing his way down her flat tummy. He heard the shutter clicking away as he kissed her mound.

"You need to be between my legs or the only thing we'll get pictures of is your head," she said.

He moved in between her legs and kissed her smooth mound again. His tongue slid down into her slit, teasing her clit. 

She moaned as she pulled her leg up and turned slightly toward the camera. "Lay flatter," she suggested, moving the camera for a little better angle.

George lifted her raised leg over his back and moved the lower part of his body toward her. Her pussy was directly in front of the camera and his tongue was darting in and out of her slit. The shutter clicked several times as he pushed his tongue into her hole. He reached around her leg and cupped her left breast. Rolling the nipple between his thumb and finger made it stand up, erect.

"Oh yessss, that feels so good," she moaned, "your tongue knows what I like"

He licked her slit, running his tongue from end to end. He flicked at her clit then circling it and sucking it into his mouth. They got into a motion, her hips undulating in time with his tongue sliding down between her lips to her hole. When he pushed his tongue into her she raised her hips to accept him. As he cupped his tongue and slowly ran it back up toward her clit her hips relaxed until he sucked it into his mouth and flicked it causing her to press against his mouth and moan. The sequence was repeated many times, her moans getting longer and louder with each pass of his tongue on her pussy.

"I am getting so fucking hot," she said, "I'm gonna cum!"

George worked his tongue into her hole and made another pass up to her clit. When he sucked it into his mouth her body quivered. She squealed, "Oh yessss, yessssss! I'm Cumming! Ohhhhh my god, yessss!

Her body trembled as her orgasm reached its peak. "No more tongue, no more," she repeated. "Fuck me now! I want your cock in me! I want to feel you inside me. I need your cock in me! Fuck me. Fuck me. Cum in me!"

George knelt between her legs and held his throbbing cock against her opening. She reached down and pulled him into her. He pushed his shaft past her labia into her sex. The feeling of being entirely in her was incredible. She was wet from his tongue fucking and her orgasm but she was still very tight. He could feel her vaginal muscles pulsing with the aftermath of her climax.

"You feel so fucking great!" he whispered. He knew he wasn't going to last. He could feel his balls tightening as his orgasm started.

"I'm Cumming!" he warned her.

"Fuck me harder. Fuck yes! Faster! Faster!" she begged, "I can cum with you. 

Fuck me! 

Fuck me!"

George held out as long as he could, pumping his cock in and out, slamming his body into hers. He felt her pussy gripping his shaft sending him over the edge. He felt his cock pulsate, shooting his cum into her tight pussy.

She squealed again as he pulled out of her and started stroking his shaft in and out of her sexy body. Her vagina tightened on his cock milking him of the last of his semen. "Oh god that was incredible," she moaned.

George pushed what was left of his erection deep into her and rested on his knees and elbows. He kissed her, invading her mouth with his tongue.

Her legs were tight around his hips, her feet dug into his ass, holding him close as she returned his kiss. Their tongues battled for position, sparring until the kiss ended.

"You really know how to take pictures," she said smiling up at him.

He laughed, "Yeah, it's all about the subject and the pose." 

She squeezed his cock inside her, "This is one of your best ones."

He pushed his pelvis against hers, "The pose or the subject?"

"Yes," was her only response.

He felt his dick stiffen. He flexed it and said, "So what would you like to do now young lady?"
