 The tropical sun bore down over Crane Beach as Jon and Marissa slowly wandered back to their hotel. They had just spent the late morning hours strolling along the pristine southeastern Barbados shoreline, holding hands and laughing with the occasional shoulder-bumping tease. Marissa shared stories of being on this beach throughout her lifetime on the island. But mostly, they laid next to each other under the blue hotel umbrellas, the fingers of Jon's right hand interlocked with the fingers of Marissa's left hand, as bodysurfers played in the waves and children made sand castles. To the casual observer, they were just an ordinary couple, relaxing on chaise lounges and reading. 

Jon held a printed copy of a collection of poems Marissa had written seven years prior. As he read aloud each poem, her face would shift from exuberant to pensive, her eyes would widen, and her heavenly smile would emerge. Jon would pause occasionally, and ask about the emotions she felt when she wrote each one, and how she felt about them now. There were tearful moments, when she uncovered pains that have now since healed. There were excited responses, when topics arose that fired her passion. Jon was attentive and focused, eager to understand more of the depth of his Caribbean goddess. With every line, her intellectual prowess became more and more apparent, and her wisdom and capacity to love and forgive became more obvious. They were connected physically, emotionally and intellectually . . . two lovers in their own private moment in paradise.

Along the path back to their ocean view Crane Resort condo, Jon was completely enamored of Marissa. His eyes never left her, even if it was just to glance at the smooth black skin of her neck, the intricate braids in her hair, or the way the small of her back met her deliciously round ass. The combination of the sea air and her vanilla-scented body butter would forever be stamped into his brain as the most romantic scent imaginable. He was feeling the initial pangs of hunger, but his loins were afire for her body. His stomach would take a back seat to his tongue and his cock.

As they entered the door of their condo, and into their private playground, words weren't necessary to articulate what was on their minds. They both headed straight for the shower, and their beach clothes were strewn along that route. They giggled when it was obvious that they were both thinking the same thing. Moments later the clean feel of warm water and soapy lather blanketed them. Were it not for their urgency to jump up onto the luxuriously high king size bed, they'd have basked in the feel of each other's naked bodies under the water much longer. But they knew that bigger things were in store. 

Drying off only enough to qualify as such, they raced to the bed. Soon Marissa stopped in her tracks. Sitting in the middle of their bed was a very large bowl filled with ice. Sitting inside that bowl was another bowl, filled with an enormous amount of perfectly formed watermelon balls, each scooped to form a perfect ball. 

"Oh Jon, you know I love the taste of watermelon, how sweet of you!," smiled Marissa.

"Well, my love, I'm not sure you'll be doing much of the eating today."

With a light spank to her ass, Jon helped Marissa onto the bed, and situated her face down in the center, with the bowl of icy watermelon next to her ass on one side of her. Jon lay next to her on the other side, and began to slowly trace his fingertip from her neck to her lower back, staring at her sumptuous, exquisite ass. His cock hardened as his eyes enjoyed the way her lower back met her butt, and the abrupt bump that her well-defined ass formed. To him, she was a classic sculpture of the female body, now his to privately ogle and devour. 

"Marissa, I could stare at your body all day, babe. Just the sight of you makes me want to eat you up. But, we have this icy bowl of watermelon here, and it's not gonna eat itself, now is it?"

And with that, Jon picked up a ball of watermelon, and slowly traced it down the same line along her spine, from her neck to the spot where her ass crack began. The cold juice of the ball quickly began to leak out, and adhered to her warm body, and began to slowly drip down her back. As the ball reached the goal line, Jon carefully let it rest at the peak of her ass crack, where its juices began to drip slowly towards her ass hole and pussy. 

The ball was wedged between her cheeks so that it was still visible to Jon's staring eyes. Jon's tongue then licked up every drop of juice, starting at his lover's neck. Slowly and gently he licked her smooth, shiny black skin until his face was at her ass crack. With a gentle nudge to her right leg, Jon positioned her so his face could wedge between her cheeks and suck the watermelon ball into his mouth, and lick up the juice that had dribbled down to her ass hole and the lips of her pussy. 

And then the second watermelon ball joined the party. Again, Jon slowly traced Marissa's spine with the cold fruit, and she closed her legs in anticipation of holding the ball at the top of her ass crack. Like a well-oiled machine, they worked together. Marissa would open her ass to allow Jon's tongue to lick up any of the sweet, sticky juice from her warm ass and pussy. She could feel her own juices bubbling inside of her, and with each lick of Jon's tongue, she felt more of her pussy juices dripping out, and mixing with watermelon as Jon sucked it off her body.

There were lots of watermelon balls left, and at this pace, it would take a long time to eat them all. Marissa was not keen on monotony either, so Jon decided it was time to make things interesting. The pace at which balls were wedged between her ass cheeks accelerated, and instead of eating them one at a time, Jon traced and placed five watermelon balls carefully between her ass cheeks, still visible to him. The cold, wet feel of them, and the reality of what was to come, made Marissa feel naughty and kinky, just the way she liked it. Jon moved his body to be between her legs, with his face on her ass. It's highly unrealistic to expect Jon to not sink his teeth gently into Marissa's ass, which is what he instinctively did once he got settled in. 

Jon then traced her ass cheeks along her crack with his tongue, and sucked each watermelon ball into his mouth. Her crack was soaked with the watermelon juice that had leaked out and dribbled deeper into her crack, and Jon opened her wide to ravenously lick her clean. His tongue circled and flicked over her ass hole, stopping only to slip the tip inside her ass. The taste of watermelon and the sweetness of her ass hole made his cock throb and pulsate. He lifted her hips up, inviting her to rise up enough for him to lay on his back and slide his face under her pussy, so he could suck and lick her juicy cunt clean as well. 

Enjoying this immensely, Jon then reached for 3 or 4 melon balls, and packed them a little deeper into her crack, and repeated the same cleansing process. With each round, his tongue would linger more and more on her ass hole and pussy, and Marissa was now dripping as much pussy juice as the amount of watermelon juice that was dripping across her ass hole. She could anticipate just when Jon's face would slide back underneath her, and when her throbbing clit would again be sucked into his mouth. She was so fucking horny, she couldn't stand to let him out from under her.

"Don't you fucking move Jon! You eat this pussy until I squirt all over your face!"

Marissa has a sweet, peaceful temperament. But like everyone, she has a point which isn't wise to cross. When her pussy begins to throb and tighten, you don't leave it unattended. And so Jon reached around and sunk his fingertips into her ass cheeks, and pulled her tight against his face. The suction formed by his mouth on her clit was driving her crazy. Her hips were grinding into her lover's face, and she was fucking his lips as much as he was eating her pussy. The delicious scent of her pussy was all over his face, which gave him the most rock hard cock ever. And then, the first of many orgasms announced its arrival.

"OHHH FUCK JON!!!! DON'T YOU FUCKING STOP EATING MY CLIT!!! YES BABY YES, YES, YES, OH FUUUUUUCCCCKKKKKKKK!!!!" Marissa was screaming violently loud, and cum was streaming out of her perfectly smooth, shaved pussy. She wanted his cock inside her right then, no waiting allowed. So she rolled off of him and demanded to be fucked.

"Not so fast babe, you've got some cock sucking to do," Jon reminded her.

Jon then picked up a couple of watermelon balls, and slowly glided them over her mouth, circling her full, tasty lips. He then placed them in the palm of his hand, and slowly jerked his cock while hovering over her. Then placing the watermelon into her mouth, Jon pushed his cock down into her opened mouth. The taste of watermelon on Jon's cock was such a turn on for Marissa. Jon reached for another ball, rubbed it all over his cock, and rammed his cock back into her mouth. He turned around into a 69 position and fucked her face while teasing her highly sensitive clit with his tongue. Marissa was going out of her mind, screaming in the warm, kinky space between pleasure and pain. 

She could feel his cock throbbing and building, and knew he was about to explode. His face was buried in her pussy, and his lean body was pumping his cock in her mouth. She knew that his hot and sticky cum would be dripping down the back of her throat any second. She ran her hands up and down his muscular back, and squeezed his hard, tight ass. 

She could feel the vibration of his moans on her pussy, and he exploded his load into her mouth. She'd seen him cum many times, and could envision his full load now that it rested on the back of her tongue. The mixture of watermelon and his cum made her feel the sexiest she'd ever felt. She swallowed him, and licked and sucked his cock clean while he lay spent on top of her. She could see the empty bowl on the bed, and would never look at watermelon the same way again. 

Jon rolled off of her, and lay panting on his back. His chest was heaving up and down, as his heart raced. Marissa looked at him as the ultimate confirmation of the fact that she was his perfect island goddess. He was her adoring, caring, enthusiastic, thoughtful lover, and she couldn't hold back her smile of satisfaction. 

She straddled him and looked him in the eyes, her face just inches from his. He was all hers, and she knew it. She dropped her lips down and kissed him, their tongues danced together. She pulled up and smiled, her eyes fixed on his. And then she whispered, "Alright love, now order us up some room service. You need to store up some energy, cuz you're gonna fuck me tonight!"