 To my many dear readers; I wrote this over a year ago, and re-found it today. I've written many of these scenes before in other stories, but what can I say it is my recurring fantasy. All I can say is, it made me hard, maybe it will to you too.

Jay

..................................................

If you've read any of my stories, you know by now that my relationship with my wife, though we do love each other-is no longer sexual. In a word, we are celibate. That happens eventually in marriage, but it doesn't stop me from my fantasies. The following is a blend of truth, and fiction.

We had decided to celebrate our upcoming anniversary not long ago, for which I suggested a cruise. First we would visit Paris, and then fly to Barcelona to meet up with Royal Caribbean's Liberty of the Seas. By this time in our marriage we had not been sexually active in nearly a decade. Overweight, frustration with her lack of caring drove me to just quit one day. I just gave up. I jerked off as I need to sure, but I vowed I would never pursue sex with her any longer. Years rolled over each other like you see in the movies and we both accepted this as our fate. A word about me, I'm average in every way- five foot nine, she is five foot. I won't say I'm swinging some serious meat, I'm not what maybe 6 ½" or something. When we were young I'd fuck her silly, lick and suck her vagina until she begged me to fuck her. Sometimes she would lick and suck my nipples while stroking my asshole; my fingers would be knuckle deep in her cunt. In our entire marriage she licked and sucked my cock for a while, only twice. 

We began our vacation at a B&B in the 8th Arondismant' of Paris in October 2009. I have to admit, she looked great. I looked pretty good too, for a guy my age. We strolled the Champs Elise' and had dinner there with lots of good French wine. We kissed and held each other as we often do ( remember we do love each other.) Later we caught a taxi to our B&B which was very much to our liking. It featured a large bathroom with a tub, and a shower stall. Somehow, we ended up heading for a shower before bed. At home we have separate bathrooms and rarely are naked together any more. I stood at the sink with a towel around my waist brushing my teeth, as she sank into a tub of steaming water. I glanced in the mirror as she did so, her breasts swayed as I remembered. As we were conversing about the following day's activities I removed my towel and stepped to the shower, my penis waved as I stepped. I was aware that she glanced at my penis as I tested the water temp-then stepped in. We couldn't continue talking over the sound of the shower. I lathered and washed and noticed in the reflection of the glass, that she was steeling glances at my naked backside. As I lathered my hair I turned halfway in her direction so she could see the profile of my now slightly pudgy penis swaying back and forth as I lathered my head. Thinking my eyes were shut because of the lather she gazed at my penis-but I kept my right eye, the eye not facing her- open and observed her fascination with me in the glass shower wall reflection. That moment lasted a second or two, but even then I found it revealing.

A few minutes later I was out and toweling off briskly- my hair, my penis and my balls in full view, not four feet from her. I felt myself chubbing up again, so I turned to the mirror, wrapped the towel around me again and brushed my hair as we picked up the conversation.

I should say here, that normally we sleep in a king size bed at home. The B&B however was a twin bed- about half the size. I put on underpants, but no shirt-something I don't do much anymore but the room was not air conditioned and so it made sense. She came to bed soon thereafter in a nightgown, snuggled close to me and we talked more about the following day until I drifted off to sleep. 

The way I remember what happened next was this. I woke slightly but not completely a while later feeling my darling's manicured finger tracing the head of my penis over my undershorts. She then traced the shaft of my penis up and down and back to the head again. I stirred slightly, but didn't fully wake. After a few more moments I felt her stroking the waistband of my underpants and slipping her finger under the waistband to stroke the naked head of my dick which was now responding. I moaned slightly in approval as she rolled my underpants down slowly allowing my penis to spring up. In a minute she had my underpants down below my balls, but still above my knees as she began to feel and stroke the length of my penis occasionally cupping my balls. My cock was throbbing as I wondered where this might lead. 

"Unghh...oh god..." I uttered.

"Shhhh...just let me." She whispered. "I've wanted to do this for a long time."

"I might squirt hot cum." I said.

"I hope so." She said. Her fingernails scrapped the shaft of my cock, then the head. A drop of pre-cum formed and she rubbed the slick fluid around the rim of my cockhead. A moment later she held my cock upright at the base and began to stroke slowly as she licked my nipple, then nibbled with her teeth. My cock pulsed as I groaned, feeling her lick and suck my hard nipples. Then she kissed my navel and wiggled her tongue in it. Finally I felt her tongue licking the head of my penis. She licked it with long broad tongue strokes as she stroked the shaft of my cock. 

"Play with your nipples," she said to me as she continued licking. I brought my fingers to my nipples and flicked them, feeling the pleasure into the tip of my cock.

"Is that how you have been touching your nipples when you jerk off?" She asked as she continued licking and pumping.

"Yes...yes, I do...I make them hard and I flick them like this..."

"Don't stop," she said as she slipped the head of my penis in her mouth "show me how you tease them." Her hot wet velvet mouth was too much for me. She sucked wildly pumping my cock and putting most of my shaft deep into her mouth. I showed her how I pulled and pinched my nipples into throbbing hardness. By now I had kicked off the underpants and my legs were splayed wide.

My hips jerked, fucking her mouth as I pulled on my nipples and felt that I was at the point of no return. She pulled her mouth away just as a jet of hot cum squirted into the air and landed on my chest, then several more squirts as she continued to pump me. My cock was jerking as she stroked me and smiled, and giggled with delight. She crawled up and licked my nipples, then kissed my mouth as I was gasping for air.

A moment later she did what I used to beg her to do, she pulled off her nightie and straddled my face-then settled her open cunt over my mouth. "I'm so horny now; suck me baby, make me cum."

I pulled her down to me and engulfed her vagina with my mouth. I licked and stabbed my tongue into her- I sucked and chewed her open cunt. "Now pull on your nipples as I suck you," I commanded. She cupped her breasts then pulled on the nipples making them long and hard. "Ahhh god... ahhhh..." she moaned as I slaved her open cunt. I was wild; I wanted to make her cum in my face and regret the years that had passed. Her cunt was slick with her juice and only then did I notice she'd been waxed everywhere of hair. I knew she said she was going for a bathing suit wax but apparently she had planned this for some time. Her vagina was slick and hairless all the way back to her asshole. I broadened my tongue strokes and lifted her higher as she furiously humped and fucked my mouth. She took over as I stiffened my tongue and made it like a cock she could fuck. More groaning as I felt her stiffen and scream. She squatted on my face as a hot creamy cum coated my face. She collapsed on me speechless and passed out.

Now though I felt a hunger I hadn't known before as she lay panting I rolled over on her stomach, positioning her knees so her ass was high in the air, she weakly accommodated me thinking I was going to fuck her from behind. My cock was hard again and throbbing from the lust I felt at the face fucking, but now I wanted something that neithershe, nor I would ever say or ask for. I lay down on my stomach facing her upturned ass and open wet cunt and I began to lick the globes of her ass cheeks with my broad tongue. Her cunt was open, her ass spread and her waxed pink asshole was pulsing. I licked closer as I drew her to my face she began to moan as I licked and pushed my face to her ass. My tongue laved over her open cunt and up to her hole and back I laved and licked and sucked her. Her hips responded by pushing back, humping into my face. With that encouragement I licked up to her asshole and laved it with my whole tongue I licked and probed it to her moans of "Oh no...you're licking my asshole... oh my god... oh no oh no...oh yes oh yes..." I slipped my tongue inside as her hole opened and I fucked her asshole with my stiff tongue. She pushed deeper into my face as I tongue fucked her. I was wild with lust and I heard her encouraging me "Yess... lick my bare asshole, lick my waxed hole."

I realized then that it was no accident, she wanted this, she hoped for this- she planned it. I stiffened my tongue even more and fucked her asshole with it, seeking it's molten heat as she pushed back into my face.

"Is this what you wanted?" I said lustfully," is this what you hoped I'd do...is that why you waxed your hole? Tell me your dirty thoughts and it better be the truth. If I think it's not-I'll stop what I'm doing."

"Yes, yes I did I wanted it... I was so afraid to say it, I read about it in a sex story online and I knew immediately that I wanted my asshole licked...Oh my god it feels so good to have you eat my ass...please eat me more."

"Do you love it?" I gasped as I licked "Do you love my mouth on your slick puckered asshole?"

"I love it. I love your mouth on my asshole...I want you to fuck my asshole with your tongue and with your cock."

I licked her asshole like a starved dog, licking her hole with broad strokes. I went back to her open cunt and put my face into her freshly scrubbed asshole, licking and sucking her wildly.

"Fuck me, fuck me deeply... oh baby fuck me with your hard cock."

I didn't have ¬¬¬¬to be asked twice. I kneeled behind her and buried my cock to the hilt. Immediately I felt like I wouldn't last. It had been so long, so many years. I grunted as I fucked her hot cunt and then I heard the words I thought I'd never hear in my life.

"Oh baby cum on my face...cum on my face now!"

I pulled out of her as she spun around-- she grabbed my cock and began to jerk me as she positioned herself below my cock. She closed her eyes and opened her mouth "cum on me, squirt your hot juice on my face baby." And just then, I did- I began to jerk and squirt hot thick ropes of cum. It landed on her cheek and her nose and her mouth. A second volley came and I squirted again, coating her face. I leaned back as my cock squirted and jerked a final time. Her face was slimed with my hot cum I leaned forward and kissed her- our mouths and tongues fought as we licked and shared my own hot cum with deep sucking kisses. My cock though was still hard, though softening. I felt this would be the time-I rolled her over again and pressed my cock head into her still throbbing asshole. I knew I couldn't do much and also that a softening cock could not hurt her, but I pressed the spongy head into her ass. She moaned again, "Oh yesss...put it in my ass...my ass that you loved and licked and sucked so good baby...push it into me. I've been so bad, so selfish...I want to love you now...and make up for a lot of time."

"Shhhh...I said. Let me feel the tip of my cock in your ass...it's softening now, but later...It is mine. I am going to lick and fuck your asshole...and you are going to ask me to do it aren't you?"

"Oh god yess, I wish it was hard now, but I can wait. Lick my asshole while we wait baby. Lick my ass again."

"I can't believe this... that you're being this way with me, in ways I've dreamed about but never thought would come true. I even tasted my own cum with you...we both ate my cum." I said with my heart beating wildy.

"And there'll be more cum eating baby, I'm going to suck your cock like you've always wanted. I read your stories, the ones you published online. That's why I went for the Brazil wax job and why I made sure I fucked your face. But it was for me too, I wanted to fuck your face but I couldn't ask until I read your stories and saw that you wanted a face fuck and to lick my asshole too."

"So you planned this, to be like this with me?"

"Yes, and it has been everything I ever wanted. I got waxed last Monday-I nearly came when the beautiful girl pressed the wax around my asshole. All I could think of was what you would say when you saw it. I almost didn't do it until I saw your beautiful cock in the shower. That's when I decided to suck and fuck you tonight."

I took her in my arms, I held her breasts and licked and sucked her nipples as she took my limp penis in her hand. "I liked how it felt in my ass, even though it was soft." She said as I sucked. Mmmmm that feels so good, I'm getting wet.

"Say cunt." I said. "Say cunt"

"My cunt is getting wet...Oh god I can't believe I said that word...my cunt."

We kissed again as she held my penis. "You'll have plenty of time to practice." I whispered as I drifted off to sleep.

I woke at 4am, needing to urinate. She was sleeping deeply, naked, next to me. I got up and peed, and washed myself with a hot washcloth before coming back to bed. She was on her stomach, her legs splayed, bare vagina in full view. My cock thickened. I shut the bathroom light and slid next to her. Then, I leaned over and kissed the globes of her ass-first one, then the other. As I planted kisses she stirred and opened her legs slightly. After a few minutes of nuzzling my mouth into her ass, she began to push back into my face. Another minute later and she drew her knees up and widened her legs, thereby opening her ass and raising herself up and open. I went in again as I had earlier, licking her vagina opening from the rear, and licking up to her asshole. I licked in long broad strokes until she began to quiver. Her vagina opened and seemed to suck my face into it. She pushed her ass back onto my tongue each time I came near. Her hole was loosening, opening to my licking. I kneeled up to her ass and rubbed the head of my hardened cock on her ass opening. My pre-cum slathered over her hole. She began humping back, wanting to feel my cockhead enter her ass. "Oh please put it in me, please fuck my asshole." I pressed gently and my cock passed into her ass. She pushed back into me and impaled herself on my cock as she moaned loudly. In a few moments, I began to ejaculate hot thick cum into her ass. I just couldn't hold out. I groaned as I did and she uttered words I never could imagine. "Suck the cum out of my asshole, suck it out and share it with me." I pulled my cock out slowly and though panting heavily from my orgasm, I slid back down to her ass. My white cum was dribbling out and when she raised her ass a whole flood of cum began to drip. I put my tongue out to catch it and licked her hole. Cum oozed out and when I had a tongue full I slid up next to her and offered her my mouth. She attacked my mouth licking and sucking my kiss, eating the cum from her asshole into her mouth. 

"Eat my cum baby, let's eat it together," I said breathlessly. 

"Next I want to eat cum from the source" she said lustfully.

"I promise to provide many mouthfuls, as long as you feed your pussy to me every day now. There can be no going back. I intend to lick and suck you and tongue your ass every day, so get used to it."

"You're going to get many face fuckings from now on, baby. I've never loved you as much as I do now."

I grinned a wide faced smile as I drifted off to sleep.