 Cathy and I were out shopping one day when Cathy looked at me and said, "I think it is about time for me to get waxed again!"

I had visions of playing with a very soft, very sweet, and very shiny pussy for the evening!! So, I agreed to drive Cathy over to the place where Cathy got waxed. Cathy invited me in, and I thought I would be sitting in the waiting room until she got herself done, but the lady behind the counter told me I could come in with her, so I said eagerly, "OK!"

We went inside the room, and Cathy took off her shorts and panties, and I stood behind her. Cathy has great looking legs that she keeps very fit by working out, and her whole body is really fit and toned. I stood behind Cathy and kissed her gently on the earlobes and on her neck.

Julie walked in and introduced herself, and told us both to get comfortable.

Julie got her supplies together, and smiled at us. She prepared Cathy's pussy by washing it in warm water and soap, and then applied some shaving cream. 

I started to get turned on by watching this, so I started rubbing under Cathy's shirt, and put my hands up and unbuttoned Cathy's bra and started to play with her nipples.

Cathy said, "What? Are you trying to help with the lubrication?"

Julie and I both laughed.

Julie told me, "If you want to take off her shirt, I don't mind."

So I did.

Julie said to Cathy, "You have a very nice body!"

Cathy smiled and said to Julie, "So do you! I was wondering if you are waxed as well."

Julie said, "Yes, I am."

Julie proceeded to wax Cathy's pussy while I played with Cathy's very erect nipples. Cathy moaned with pleasure at what was being done to her. Julie lingered a little while longer than necessary I thought while she was waxing Cathy. She even stuck a finger on Cathy's pussy lips, and rubbed them gently. Cathy smiled and said, "That feels good!"

When Julie was done, she said, "I even do men as well. Would like to be next Pat?"

Cathy said, "Please Pat, I'd love to see your cock and balls waxed!!"

I looked at her, smiled and said, "Let's try the shaving part first and see what that feels like!"

So, Julie proceeded to get more supplies while Cathy helped me take off my jeans and underwear. Cathy wanted me to keep going, so she took off my shirt as well. When Julie returned, she smiled and licked her lips at the sight of my bulging cock staring at her.

Julie said, "I usually have to do something like fondle the men, or kiss their cock to get them to have a hard on. It is easier to shave them that way!"

Cathy said, "I'll do that!" And bent over and started playing with my cock and balls! Of course, there was little need to do so, since the whole process was a huge turn on for me. Before I knew it, Julie bent over and started licking my balls and shaft with Cathy, and then both of them kissed my cock, and then each other.

Cathy now had her hand on Julie's butt, and was rubbing her all over. I leaned over and took Julie's shorts and pulled them off. Her panties were soaking wet, and I gave them a quick tug and off they came.

Next, I pulled off Julie's top, and we all started kissing and rubbing our hands all over each other.

Julie pulled back and said, "I think you're good and hard now Pat, I'm going to start."

Cathy got on her knees facing Julie, and licked her pussy while Julie started to shave my cock. It felt good to have her warm hands wrapped around my cock, and I closed my eyes and hoped with everything that was going on; Julie would have a steady hand. Every once in awhile, Julie would bend over and suck on the tip of my cock, and run her tongue across my hole, and under her tongue. She was very masterful at it!!

Cathy was sticking her tongue all over Julie's cunt by now. I could tell Cathy was having an effect because Julie's pussy was dripping wet!!

Finally, Julie finished up with me, and wiped off the shaving cream, and washed my cock and balls. She gave me a long, hard kiss. She then stood up, and made Cathy go over to the couch and lay on top of her with Cathy's head between her legs. She started to play with Cathy's pussy and fuck Cathy with her tongue.

Both of them were very into it, and their tongues and mouths were going wild on each other. I stared at the scene before me and reached down and started to stroke my cock.

Not wanting to miss out on the action, I reached in my pocket of my jeans and pulled out the vibrating cock ring we had picked out earlier that day. I put it on, and started to lick up the pussy juice that was dripping out of Cathy on to Julie's face. I spread Cathy's cunt and inserted my cock deep inside Cathy. Julie continued to lick Cathy's pussy as I stroked Cathy with my cock. As I got into a rhythm, Julie would lick my cock as I was coming out on each stroke.

Cathy let out a loud moan!!

I reached down and turned on the vibrator part of the cock ring. Cathy's back arched immediately as the sensations that Cathy loved so much made her pussy ache. I pumped Cathy harder and Cathy's whole body started to shake with the orgasm. 

Cathy screamed with sheer joy at what was going on between her legs!!

I pulled out and sat down in the chair in front of Cathy.

I started to take off the cock ring, but Cathy shook her head no!

Cathy got off of Julie, and took her by the hand. She was almost limp from all the sex. Cathy grabbed her by the waist, and shoved her down on to my cock! I buried my cock deep into her throbbing wet pussy. I turned the vibrator back on, and we both played with Julie's body while she rocked up and down on my cock.

I sucked on a nipple, and Cathy reached around her and played with her breasts. Cathy took the vibrator we had bought out of her shorts, lubed it up and proceeded to insert it gently into Julie's ass.

She screamed with pleasure, and about had an orgasm right then.

I bit her nipple a little to make her back off on the sensations, but it drove her over the edge. Her body and pussy started to shake, and her hands gripped the back of my head and pushed it hard against her nipple. Cathy continued to work her ass with the vibrator.

When Julie was finished with her orgasm, Cathy helped her off of my cock, and put her down on the couch. Then, Cathy took a finger full of the cream she had used on the vibrator and used it on my cock.

"I'm not done with you yet!" Cathy whispered in my ear. Cathy turned around and grabbed the head of my cock, and inserted it into her ass. Cathy squirmed a little bit as I worked my way in, but once inside, Cathy felt so good she let out a little cry.

I grabbed Cathy around the waist, and let her bounce up and down on my cock. I turned on the vibrator part of the cock ring, and it hummed against Cathy's butt cheeks.

Julie got up off the couch and took the vibrator Cathy used on her and cleaned it off. She walked over to Cathy and turned it on, and rubbed it gently across Cathy's nipples and breasts, and then down towards Cathy's pussy. She rubbed it against Cathy's cunt and pussy lips, and then slowly inserted it inside Cathy. She began to kiss Cathy again, and lick Cathy's face and nipples as I played with them from behind.

Cathy almost couldn't let out a moan it felt so good to have both her pussy and ass fucked at the same time!!

"OMG that feels good!!" Cathy said.

We kept making Cathy feel good until suddenly Cathy's eyes glazed over, and Cathy laid her head back and screamed!! 

I pumped Cathy even harder then, and so did Julie!

I could feel Cathy quiver through her ass and knew Cathy had a great orgasm!!

Cathy then went limp. Julie and I cleaned Cathy up, got Cathy dressed and I almost carried her out to my truck with my arm around her waist. I put Cathy in the front seat beside me, and Cathy laid her head on my shoulder.

I kissed Cathy lightly on the cheek, and she held my hand. I reached around Cathy and put my arm around her. Cathy snuggled close to me, and let out a loud sigh.

I knew Cathy wanted me again by just the way her eyes looked into mine.

I couldn't wait to get Cathy home, and play with that fresh waxed kitty again!!