 I come to you without word and stop just inches from you. You do not step back or retreat. I look into your eyes and I do not blink or turn away. You are dressed in comfortable shirt and pants as am I. I move closer toward you and place my arms around your waist. My body is relaxed against yours. I reach to you with my lips and I kiss you. I begin with light tugging at your lips with mine and gently sucking as if through a straw. Then as you meet my momentum I slowly change and you follow. I am kissing you more deeply now and my mouth opens a bit to taste you. You encourage me with more pressure and push your way into my mouth with your tongue as your hands are gently placed on each side of my neck. Your head tilts slightly for a better fit. We connect and relax in this loving embrace that we choose to vary slightly from time to time and enjoy together. We stop for a moment to take the pulse from each other's eyes. I look deeply into your eyes and you read me well. You can see that I need you. My hunger for you is neither hidden nor shy. You know that I want you. 

I softly caress your face and run my fingers though your hair. I then pull your shirt tail from you pant's grip and lift the shirt over you head exposing your soft skin and bra. You kick off your shoes and remove your socks quickly as I have a good look at your breasts and stomach. "MMMmmm."

I then take your pant button and undue it just before I unzip your pants. As the pants fall just a bit I bury both hands at your hips into your pants and feel your ass thoroughly. I then pull your pants down and let them fall to the floor. As you steady yourself with hands on my shoulders you pull each leg from the fabric that hides your smooth toned legs. In bra and panty alone I kiss you again as you repeat the process with me.

Now in my black boxer-briefs you can see that I am aroused. You cup your hand and touch me gently and apply just enough pressure to make me harder as you slide your hand up and down. I reach behind you and without difficulty your bra is removed. We are looking into each other's eyes as I bring my right hand to your left breast and caress it from bottom to nipple to top. I offer a gentle squeeze and you giggle a bit and we both smile. You then pull my underwear down and it drops to the floor. Your hands instinctively reach for my member and slowly stroke me. Your other hand caresses my balls. You look up into my eyes and reach for me with your lips and I meet you. We are now very relaxed and enjoying each other's body. 

I remove your panty and run my hands from you arm pits to your lower thighs and then from your neck to below your buttocks. We kiss more deeply as you take my hand and lead me to the bedroom. You look back at me and smile with a look that only you can offer to me. I accept it as no other will. With complete abandon... 

You lay on your back with legs spread welcoming me home and I mount you willingly. We kiss with tongue and feel each other's skin and warmth. The sensations are intense and the mood deepens. Your hips are moving and searching for me to enter you but I do not. I want nothing more than to be inside you but instead I take myself from you and ask you to get on top. You are happy to oblige. I prop up a few pillows so I am sitting up facing you. You mount me and find me willing to enter you now. I slide in easily as you are very wet. You lift and drop your body upon me as I feel your thigh muscles tense and relax with the motion. The friction is very satisfying but I ask you to stop. You look into my eyes to see what is wrong but quickly understand that I wish only to absorb your warmth and know the texture of your envelope and vaginal folds. You lean forward and rest your breasts against my chest. My chest hair tickles and warms your breasts. You look into my eyes and press your mouth against mine as we close our eyes. Your arms are around my neck and my hands explore your body. 

Our lips separate for a moment and we just look into each other's eyes as my hands learn the detail of the contour of your breasts. I caress and touch you this way for while. You can see that I am becoming even more relaxed with the fondling of your beautiful breasts. I feel comforted and soothed and nurtured as you lean back and place your hands on my knees. Your breasts proudly displayed for me to have and to hold and to kiss and to suckle. And I do. 

I place my hands on the sides of your stomach and pull myself to your left breast and take the nipple in my mouth as I press my face against you. I gently suck as if taking sustenance from your mammary. I am hungry for your body and I thirst for your comforting. I am satisfied as you begin to lift and drop yourself riding me slowly and determined. I crave your breasts and skin I lick your breast and kiss between them. I then move to the other breast and smear my face all over the right breast like a kitten rubbing against a loved one. 

The soft and giving skin invites deep pressure and taste. I succumb to the invitation and continue to quench my thirst from your breast as your head tilts back and you place one hand behind my head pressing my face harder against your breast and leaning your other arm and hand on my leg lifting and relaxing your body upon mine. My hands are pressing against your back and moving up and down your spine and then your shoulders and through your hair. I am losing myself completely unaware that you intend to take from me every drop of cum you can. You are milking me and preparing your vagina with wetness to welcome my sperm. I am at your mercy. I can not stop you or myself. If you want me to cum inside you I shall as I am not in control of myself. I am your slave and beast of burden to do with me as you will. I am to be taken and emptied at your whim. 

You then take your hands and pull my face from your breast and take my mouth with yours as you ride me harder and harder. Our passion is intensified as you take and replace the energy and passion at the same time. I feel as if my impure blood and essence is filtered through you in from your tuppence and returned to me by your mouth. "I have lost my sense of boundary and know no self." You and I have become one flesh. You can feel my body tensing and hold me deep inside you as in the throws of passion I cum.

You pull your lips away and surprise me. I must look into your eyes and see who has made me cum. It is Amber. Your face is inches from mine and I can feel you exhale and hear you inhale. You are excited and I can feel your heart racing faster. It is as if my discharge within you was the only key to open the burst of waves that now is flowing through your body and climaxing as it is localized deep within you. I can feel the contractions surround me tightly and pulling as if a vacuum is pulling from me every drop of cum from me. You buck and moan and I pull you to me and hold you tightly. I kiss your neck and smell your skin. Your flesh is moist and I taste your skin with each kiss. I lick your neck and again take your left breast in my mouth. Your hand again on the nape of my neck but with no pressure now. Your body goes limp in my arms and I lift you and place you on your back never allowing myself to leave your body. 

I force you legs wide and finish you by giving you another few minutes of slow firm fucking as I make sure I am emptied. Even when I am convinced there is no more for you to take I must continue for a few moments because I need the sensation another moment. Finally I stop. We are motionless with your arms around my neck and my fingers clenching your hair upon your head. 

We stare into each other's eyes and lose time. I see you blink and look from one eye to the other reading my thoughts and I yours. I kiss you gently and taste your mouth once more. I then pump you a few more times but I have gone limp and I fall from your alter. You beg me to stay inside you but it is too late. I am resolved. I roll off and rest my head on your chest and put my arm across your stomach and under your thigh. Your hands caress my chest and run through my hair. We need not say a word. The moment is perfect. I thank you for making love me just before we fall asleep in each other's arms.