 It's a thin line between hate and lust. I found that out in my first year of college. The college I had chosen to attend was just an extension of the high school I went too. Some of the teachers taught at both levels. There was one teacher I was gutted I had teaching me again. I'm sure she felt the same when she saw me on her class list. I was convinced she hated me and took pleasure in trying to punish me 

I wasn't a bad student I was just lazy. This annoyed the hell out of her and we butted heads so many times. I got a thrill out of it in the end. You could see her anger rising though out each engagement. I did just enough work not to get into major trouble and nothing more.

Miss A was in her late 20's and had been teaching R.E at our school for a few years. This was a mandatory class and it was a catholic school. This gave me even more reason not to try.

She has light brown hair that came down just below her shoulder blade. It was normally tied up in a pony tail. Light skin and a beautiful body. She had great curves but always wore conservative baggy clothes as not to show off her figure.

Like any horny teenagers any female was a turn on for us. We used to joke round with my mates which teachers where the hottest. She always came up but was speculation because her clothes would hide any trace of her body. So we never knew how good or bad it was.

A couple of weeks into the college year we clashed horns once again over me not putting enough effort into class. This got quite heated to the point she kicked me out the class and told me to go to her office. 

Here I was 18 years old being treated the same was I had been when I was in school. I was infuriated by this and sat muttering to myself till the end of the lesson when she walked out of the classroom and into her office. 

"Get in here young man."

I walked into this familiar office by now. It was just a small room with a large desk on one side with filing cabinets along the window blocking out some of the light. There were blinds on windows which I had never seen open. There wasn't much room for much else so unless she had meetings scheduled in there, there was only her chair in there and no seat for me. 

I guess I had really got to her this day. I walked in and she was stood leaning against her desk. She is normally sat behind the desk. The door has only just closed when she started the barrage of abuse. I say abuse but it was just a teacher moaning at student. 

"Are we really going to have another year of this? Why have you even come back if you are not going to try? You have so much potential. If you put half as much effort into your work as you did your rugby you could fly though college."

This was probably the truth rugby did take priority over my work. I played at a pretty high level outside of the school and the school team wasn't bad either. My grades were passing at best through school. I guess she wanted more from me.

By the time she had ranted for a couple of minutes she was right up in my face. Normally I would have started arguing with her to get her blood boiling but she seemed to be doing that all by herself today. 

She was slightly shorter than me so it wasn't really frightening have this little woman in my face shouting at me. Even if she was try to stamp her authority. Her face was going flush as she moved in even closer. 

I really wasn't that interested in what she was saying. I had heard most of it before. My mind wondered back to being the horny teenager again. She smelt amazing. Her perfume was intoxicating. I wish she had a decent top on because I would have had a great view with her being this close. She had really nice green eyes. I had totally switched off.

"Are you even listening to me? Alex you could do so much and you are throwing it all away." That's when she paused, God snap out of it she actually wanted me to answer this time. But she didn't pause for long enough for me to come up with an answer. 

"You are so frustrating." Here I was with this teacher who had got herself all worked up over something of nothing. Our bodies were so close there where nearly touching. I could feel the heat from her on my hands which were down by my side. 

Why was she getting in this state? I had done worse in her class and not encountered this wrath before. I hadn't even said anything since I walked in the office.

I looked down into her eyes looking into this furious woman and then out of nowhere her arms went round my neck and she kissed me. It was so aggressive and intense and caught me off guard.

This was no quick peck on the cheek. It was as if she was trying to get all the frustration from our entire bust ups out in this kiss. I guess it was sexual tension and not hatred that cause her to be so hard on me.

Holy crap this was awesome. I didn't know why this was happening but there was no way in hell I was going to stop it. Without releasing the kiss I wrapped my arms round her grabbed her ass and pulled her into me. My hands just sunk into her juicy ass. Why does she hide this? It's incredible. 

There was still no sign of her wanting to stop. This went on for what seemed like forever. By the end of the kiss she was pinned up against the wall with me pressed up against her. It felt amazing.

"You better get out of here now." She said both of us gasping for breath. She pushed me off her. It was as if she was trying to gain some composure. After I kind of took control of the kiss she initiated. Straightening up I walked out as if nothing had happened. 

Sitting down in my next lesson there was no way I was going to concentrate for the rest of the day. I was on cloud 9. That was the craziest and hottest thing ever. 

That evening the school team had a rugby semifinal to play so my teammates and I got out of final lesson early to go prepare for the match. 

It had been several hours since the kiss but nothing else was on my mind. I had no nerves about the match. I was walking round with a bounce in my step. People just thought it was the excitement of the match. If only they knew. 

"Alex can I have a word with you please?" I was that caught up in my own little word I hadn't realised we were walking past Miss A's office.

"Someone is in trouble." My teammates teased as they continued on down the corridor leaving me behind. Back into the office I followed her for the second time that day. But Miss A was different her voice tone was different. She quickly sat behind her desk and told me to stand on the other side of it. 

"What happened this morning can never happen again and you can never tell anybody. You haven't told anybody have you?" The sheer panic on her face was adorable. The seriousness of the situation never really occurred to me. This could end her career and destroy her reputation. All I was thinking about was how turned on I was right now. I could just grab her and go for round two. 

"No I haven't told anyone. It is no one else's business what we do. I'm not the sort of guy that needs to brag to my mates."

"That is good to know, but there is no we. It won't happen again. "At this point she was trying to convince herself. The shakiness in her voice and the fact she could not look me in the eye made me think differently. She may not be able to stop if it started again.

She had lost the power over me. We were now equals. But the dominance was definitely mine. The teacher student relationship had been blown out the water. 

"You can go now Alex." She got up and walked towards the door as if to usher me out. I felt like I could push my luck at this point. As we passed each other I moved in close again. I moved in to kiss her. Not all the way just enough so that she had to move herself is she wanted to kiss me. 

You could feel the energy between us. I could see it in her body language how hard she was fighting this. The dominance I suddenly had over her was an immense feeling.

I stood there just looking into those beautiful eyes and then she broke, she started to move in for the kiss. 

"You are right we shouldn't do this." I pulled away quickly with a shit eating grin on my face. She stumbled forward a bit as I moved away from her. There is no way this was the last time we were going to be in this position. Her actions betrayed her. Fighting it was futile

"I have got to go. The school needs me to win the big match." Quick pinch of her bum and I strutted out of that office once again like i had just won the world cup. However this played out it is going to be fun.

"Good Luck" was the last thing I heard from the office as I walked down the corridor to the changing rooms.

We destroyed the opposition in the semifinal. We had a big turnout of fans from the school with it being such a big game. As we walked off to the changing rooms out the corner of my eye I saw Miss A stood in the crowd. The grin filled my face once again. What a day this had been. Now a big party at my mates house tonight to celebrate with everyone. 

The weekend passed quickly and Monday morning arrived all so quickly. The school was buzzing with excitement of the upcoming final and the big win on Friday? 

Myself and teammates where getting so much attention. It's tiny in comparison but I can see why the professionals become addicted to the attention thrown at them. In my world at this moment in time we were kings.

Girls that where my age that I had been after for ages where just begging for attention from the rugby lads. One in particular Kay I had actually slept with a few times but never got to the point of being a couple. She surfaced and was hanging on my every word. I loved it. But it wasn't their attention I was interested in after Friday. 

We didn't have R.E till the Tuesday but I had passed Miss A a couple of times in the halls. I always had people with me so couldn't say anything or do anything to her. After all this was the woman I had been going head to head with for a few years. They didn't know things had changed. 

She did however notice the attention Kay was paying to me and I caught her giving her dirty looks. She was jealous and we both knew it. Miss A wanted my attention to herself. All I wanted to do was give it to hers. She was all I had thought about for days.

On Tuesday I walked into the R.E class and was stunned at what I saw. Gone were the baggy clothes hiding Miss A's body. Instead it was a tight blouse with the top few buttons open and a skirt that left nothing to the imagination in terms of that ass. I laughed to myself because she just reminded me of one of those porn stars dressed as the naughty teacher. 

She hadn't noticed me enter the class because she was busy reading something on the desk. I walked past behind her and just let my hand run across her bum. It looked natural as we passed no one in the class noticed. She jumped and knocked the book of the table. The look of disgust she gave me was awful. 

"Here Miss A let me help you with that." 

Snatching the book from my hands she addressed the class demanding we take our seats. There was still no eye contact made between us. As usual Kay was sat next to me. I guess that didn't sit well with Miss A because she made up some activity and split us up into groups. Surprise she kept me away from Kay. 

It was only after the lesson I found out why she was so upset with me. I went to her office to find out. Making sure no one followed me.

"What is up?" I asked once the door was shut behind me.

"How can you sleep with that little tramp?" 

Apparently Kay was bragging to her mates that she was going to be getting me back in to bed soon. Miss A overheard this and took it as I had slept with her over the weekend. Which of course I hadn't because it was spent plotting on how to get with her.

After I explained the situation to her she relaxed her guard dropped again. I told her me and Kay where in the past and she was just showing me attention because other girls where too. She liked to be the queen bee in front of our peers. I spared her the sordid details of the past. I just let her know enough to get my point across.

It was like that flipped a switch in her and she was back to that shy teenage girl I had witnessed on Friday.

"Stand up and come over here." I wanted to take a closer look at this new look. Without any hesitation she came over and presented herself to me. She looked so nervous. It was really cute.

You got the feeling she had never been like this with anyone. There was no confidence. I couldn't quite put my finger on why. She was gorgeous. She did a little spin and bent over slightly. The skirt pulled tight over her ass and the outline of her thong showed clear as day.

"Is all this for my benefit?" I already knew the answer but wanted to hear her say it.

"Yeah I had to draw your attention away from those little hussies." I burst out laughing which broke any tension left in the air between us.

We finally kissed again. This time it was more passion than aggression. I ran my hand from her cheek down the front off her body. Her heart was racing you could feel it beating through the thin fabric of her blouse. 

I continued down her body as she broke away from my lips to watch what I was doing. My hands hooked under the bottom of her skirt and I began to raise it. She started to hold her breath as more of her legs were exposed. I got it to the base of her cheeks and started to struggle a bit as it was that tight. 

She began to wiggle to help ease the process. It was an unintentional sexy little dance she did till that moment when the skirt released and her ass in that sexy little blue thong appeared in full view. It was sensational.

I spun her round so I could look an appreciate it. She didn't move or try and cover up just let me have my way. She was mine to admire.

I had to grab it, was just too tempting. As my hands touched her bare skin for the first time she let out this deep breath. This was so intense. There was no lock on the door anyone could walk in on us at this point but it didn't matter. In fact it just added to the excitement. 

I moved right in behind her my now hard cock pressing against her ass. I moved her hair out the way and started kissing her neck. There was no resistance now. She just leant her head to the side and moved back against me more. 

My hands went round to the front of her body to grab those big tits that where still covered up. They were being pushed up beautifully by the matching blue bra. Which you could clearly see in the tight blouse she was wearing.

They fitted in my hands beautifully. You could feel her nipples pressing through her bra. I only spent a few seconds massaging them because I had other plans. So I continued moving my hand down her front till I reached the top of the thong. I placed some pressure on her stomach pushing her ass even further onto my crotch. 

Then I slipped my fingers inside her underwear. Across her totally shaven mound and down between her legs. Only then did she reach down and stop me.

"I...I...I've never" her stuttering word hit home very quickly. That is why she was so nervous. I couldn't believe it. This sexy woman was a virgin. In fact I found out this was the closest she had ever let any man near her.

Hearing this I nearly came instantly in my pants. I had more experience than my teacher and she was nearly 10 years my senior. 

She lifted my hand out of her pants. They were glistening with her juices and that was from only a quick touch of her pussy. This had really got her going. I was the hardest I had ever been. It was starting to hurt being restricted in my pants. But this moment was about her so I controlled myself.

As she stood there and stated explain about how she was brought up not wanting to just give her virginity away to someone who didn't care. I was finding it hard to concentrate. She hadn't pulled her skirt back down.

That's when we were quickly brought back to reality when there was a knock on the door. She almost sprinted back round the desk away from me trying desperately to get her ass back in her skirt. My heart was racing. We were so close to getting caught. I had to adjust my pants to try and hide my crotch. 

"Come in." She said sternly as she caught he breath. It was another teacher.

"O Hi Alex" said Mr Jones. 

"I didn't realise you where with someone Miss A."

"No its ok Mr Jones come in. We were just finishing up here." She moved stuff round on her desk pretending to close a workbook.

"Go to your lesson now Alex and make sure you finish that work off."

I honestly had no idea what she was talking about but played along. As I left the office I looked back and she mouthed I will see you later. I knew then I hadn't pushed things too far with her. As the door shut I had to do something before I went anywhere. I tasted her juices on my fingers. I was totally hooked and knew I had to get more of that. 

And I did, it was a great year in college.