 I awoke to the sound of thunder—a continuous crackling and rolling. Not loud though, as it was still far off in the distance. The room was warm and very dark. There was just a bit of a breeze twisting and turning the gauzy white curtains hanging before the open windows. In the darkness I could barely see them, almost ghostlike as they shimmered in the pale light from the far off lightning. In the pause between flashes they were invisible, reappearing only with the next flash, fluttering in the light breeze. 

I pushed the sheet to the floor. It was much too warm. He had done the same on his side earlier, so now it was just a twisted heap at the foot of the bed, lost in the intense darkness. Even the baby doll nightie I had worn to bed felt oppressive in the moist heat of the night. I pulled it up and over my head, tossing it after the sheet, and lay naked on my back. Yes, a little better. 

The lightning continued to flicker, growing closer now. In the regular flashes I could see him lying naked next to me, on his back, his belly flat, and his strong legs stretched out below. He was limp, flaccid after our earlier coupling. It lay to one side, but still, even in its softened state it looked large—not menacing as it did when it was erect, but still a tool to be reckoned with. 

The thunder had not wakened him. I propped myself up on an elbow and just stared at him in the flashes of light flickering through the window. I stared for a long time as the storm slowly approached. So beautiful, I thought. 

Then there was a bright flash and a loud crash almost immediately after. I threw myself across his chest and lay there, hiding from the storm. He awakened and put his strong arms around me, holding me safe. Now the wind was whipping past the curtain, holding it nearly straight out, and there was an almost continuous flicker of lightning, not close like the bolt that had driven me into his arms, but much closer than before and accompanied by a continuous crackle and roll of thunder. 

I whimpered, and he said, "Sssh. It's only a storm and you're here with me. It's okay." 

I climbed further up him so my head was nestled in the space between his neck and shoulders, my chest lying on his and our legs tangled below. I could feel his chest rising and falling beneath me with his breathing, slow, regular, calming. 

The storm continued to crackle and rumble lighting the room like a strobe, as it moved off to the south. "Oh, I'm so glad you're here," I said. "I hate storms." 

"It's okay," he repeated. "It's gone on past us." 

I could still hear it crackling in the distance, quieter and more gently now. The curtains had returned to a gentle movement, and the lightning was now only occasionally illuminating the room. Mostly it was dark. 

He took his hands from my back and used them to pull me up, so my face was even with his. Then he kissed me. I was holding myself up, my arms and knees spread on either side of him. My long hair formed a tent around our heads as we kissed. 

The kiss was a long one, and I could feel myself becoming aroused. We had made love a few hours earlier, but my need was returning rapidly as we kissed. 

Now it was completely dark, the storm gone, like a dream that had passed in the night, but we remained, kissing passionately in the dark. I was rubbing my chest against his as we kissed. 

"You are insatiable, woman," he said. 

"I know. It's what you love about me." 

"Not the only thing." 

"Good, but now, just now, in this dark room, it's the main thing, isn't it?" As I spoke I rose higher on my hands and knees, my hair still draped around his head. "Yes, I want you . . . now!" I said. I sat up, my hips parked on his lower belly and reached behind myself until I found him. 

He was fully erect and hard. As I stroked him, I said, "Oh, it looks like I'm not the only one who is insatiable tonight." 

Now his voice had an urgency that was missing before. "Oh god, that feels good." 

"What?" I asked, knowing full well what he was talking about as I continued to stroke him. 

"What you're doing with your hand," he said. 

"I can tell. You're very hard." 

All of this was going on in the dark, total darkness—like an old fashioned photographer's darkroom. It could have been anyone I was with. But it wasn't, it was him, with his chiseled, nearly hairless chest, his deep rumbling voice, and his stubbly beard. Yes, it was him. 

He put his hands on my chest and began to caress me, and then to pinch and pull a bit—not real pain, but just enough to stimulate me. As if I wasn't aroused before, this really set me on a roller coaster. 

"I want you inside me," I said. 

"Now? So soon?" 

"Yes! Now! I need you now!" 

He pinched my nipples with both hands, and I groaned. 

I rose to my knees and pushed myself back until I was positioned above him. I reached down, my hands before me now, and used one hand to position him for entry. My other hand was leaning on his chest. Then I just slid down on him, letting him fill the void in my core. He was so big. Somehow I never remembered how he stretched me when he first entered me. Some nights he would barely be able to get it in me, and when the head first pushed its way in, it hurt, but oh, such a good hurt. Tonight it went in a little easier because we had made love just a few hours earlier, and I was still stretched from that earlier session. Still, it wasn't an easy entry. Not like some lovers I had been with. Just the head was inside me, and I felt full just from that. But I knew there was more to come, much more, and I wanted it badly. 

"Oh god, that feels so good." We both said it, not quite in harmony, but certainly over the top of each other. 

I leaned forward so my chest was lying against the bottom of his rib cage, as I pushed back with my hips, forcing him slowly into me as far as possible. I just kept pushing back until I felt him hit bottom. Then we held that position, for a long time in silence and total darkness. It was so good. I was so full I couldn't conceive of how he could make it any better. 

Of course, no one can hold that position forever. I mean forever without motion, that regular back and forth motion that leads to . . . And then there was another flash of lightning from the end of the storm, followed by a rumble of thunder a few miles away. It must have ruined his concentration, because I felt him flex inside me. Just a little motion, but such an important little motion, because I had to respond, and I did, just by flexing my muscles. Yes, those muscles, squeezing him the slightest bit. 

He responded with a quiet groan and another twitch and this time a soft upward push of his hips, not hard, mind you, but definitely there. The dance had begun and we both knew it. 

"Mmmm," I said. I raised my hips up—not much, barely half an inch, and then as I let them sink back down, I felt him push up with his hips to meet me. I also felt him swell inside me. He was so hard, like a steel rod. I hadn't thought I could get any fuller, but I was wrong. The dance had begun in earnest. 

Then we repeated . . . . . . and repeated . . . . . and repeated . . . and repeated and repeated, and repeated, until we were really going at it. My upper body was erect now, no longer pressed against his ribs and my tits were swinging wildly, my hair doing the same. 

"I'm not going to last long," I said. 

"Me neither. I'm getting close." 

Now the dance, which had started as a slow Latin Rumba, was a wild Dionysian African tribal dance, both of us working hard on the other. But we were still in synch. Me up and out and then down, with him rising to meet me, to fill me, to stretch me, always farther than I thought possible. 

He had both hands on my hips now, and I was using my hands to rub my tits and pinch, as we continued to pump in and out of each other. My voice, my inner voice, a voice I never use except in this one situation, was garrulous and urgent, singing loudly of the passion about to overcome me. He was silent, as he always was just before the end. If I could have seen him in the dark, his face would have been in a grimace, a grimace of ecstasy, as he struggled for control, wanting to time his release to match mine. 

But it was dark. The lightning was gone now. Even the ghostly white curtains were invisible as we raced wildly towards the finish. I could feel it building in me now. The pressure was building, and I knew the release was just ahead, just beyond the darkness that enveloped us. I took a hand off my chest and slid it down my belly until I reached our union and began to rub myself. 

Then I was there, and it came so suddenly that I shrieked, louder than the thunder, and I saw stars and flashes of light generated within myself, my own lightning, accompanied by it's own thunder, nothing you could hear, but one that I felt as it rocked me to my depths, to my soul. And as I climaxed, I felt him freeze within me, and then he flooded me with his liquid, hot and urgent, and I knew that it was him, and that he was feeling what I was feeling, that wild loss of control and release that signifies the climax of the dance. 

Then we were done. I slumped forward onto his chest, still holding him with my last spasms of our loving. We rolled to our side and held that position, still coupled, as the darkness of sleep replaced the dark of the room. 

* * * * * 

When I awoke in the morning, sunlight and a cool breeze was streaming past the gauzy drapes. He had covered me with the sheet thrown to the floor before the storm, and now he was standing, still naked, alongside the bed holding steaming mugs of coffee for each of us. 

I sat up, letting the sheet fall away from my naked torso. Then I reached out and took a steaming mug in my hands. After a sip, I realized it was too hot to hold, so I set it on the nightstand. 

"Can we sit on the porch?" I asked. 

"Yes. It's lovely out there." 

"There's no one around?" 

"No, we have the whole valley to ourselves." 

"I'll be there in a minute. I need to pee," I told him with a smile. 

"He laughed and turned to walk from the room. He was carrying both coffees again. Your coffee will be there, but don't take too long. It will get cold." 

"I won't," I assured him as I watched him walk away. His muscled broad shoulders and back, his tight narrow hips, and his strong legs were beautiful. How could I be so lucky to have him, even if just for a couple of days. 

"Don't go back to sleep," he warned looking back at me from the door. "It's a beautiful morning out." 

I stretched—a long, languorous, cat-like stretch. Then I swung my feet to the floor and walked quickly to the bathroom. As I relieved myself, I thought of how we had made love after the storm. We were dancing in thedark. So good. So, so good. 

I wanted more. "That's the point of this mid-week getaway," I silently reminded myself. 

I quickly ran a brush through my thick and tangled hair and roughly wiped my smeared make-up from my face with a cold washcloth. He won't want to wait for me to fix it, I thought. Besides, the coffee will get cold. I hate lukewarm coffee. 

I threw on a light cotton robe and tied it at the waist with a loose belt. It barely came to mid-thigh, and the material was so light it wouldn't keep him from seeing right through it in the bright morning light. Good, I thought! 

I was naked beneath it, and my near nudity felt delicious as I stepped out onto the porch. The porch faced east, and the light from the barely risen sun was dazzling. I held my hand over my brow as a shade while my eyes adjusted and looked for him. There he was lying back in one of a pair of Adirondack chairs to my right, his smile as dazzling to me as the sun. 

"Good morning . . . again," he said as he held out my still steaming mug of coffee to me. "I was afraid you might go back to sleep." 

"And miss the naked man on my front porch? No way," I said, as I walked toward him. I deliberately stood before him, my hips against the porch rail, with the rising sun to my back. I wanted him to see my nudity silhouetted through my thin robe. After giving him enough time to appreciate my exhibitionism, I stepped to the side and sat in the second Adirondack chair. 

As I reclined in the chair next to him, I crossed my long legs and felt the robe fall away from what little of my legs it covered. The sun felt delicious on my skin. 

I sipped the coffee and lay back in the chair enjoying the sun. Eventually I spoke, knowing he would never start our conversation. That's just the way he was. "What time is it?" I asked. 

"Don't know. Remember? You wanted to go 'off the grid' for two days. We left the cell phones, the tablets, the lap tops, even my new Apple Watch back in the city." 

"Oh. Right. I did say that, didn't I? I did it too. Left everything in the city, just like you. There's no clock in this cabin either." 

"I think it's morning," he said. "The sun's coming up." 

"Duh." I burst out laughing. "My god, you're shrewd. Is that why I put up with you at work?" 

"Well, there is the little matter of my being your boss. Most of us do find it best to 'put up with' the boss." 

"Work," I continued after another sip of coffee ignoring his comment about being my boss. "What would we be doing if we were at work now?" 

"Right now, this very moment?" he asked. 

"Yes." 

"We wouldn't be there yet," he said. "The sun rises about six this time of year. We don't start work until eight." 

"Oh, so you do know what time it is." 

"Not really. I just know it's not eight o'clock yet." 

As he talked, I pulled the loose knot on the sash on my robe apart and opened the robe so my body was fully exposed to the rising sun—and to his gaze. I uncrossed my legs and let my knees fall to the sides. There were still streaks of his cum on my body from our lovemaking the night before. I was aroused and I wanted him to join me in my lust. As I spread my legs I was feeling very slutty. It was delicious. 

"Hmm," he said. "I like your new workday dress style." 

"Oh is that so? Is this how you want me to dress at our next staff meeting?" 

"Well, it would get the rest of those horndog traders there on time," he said. 

I laughed. "There's an idea—naked staff meetings. You're the boss. Just order it." 

He sipped his coffee as he thought. Finally he said, "The HR and Legal departments would just shit." 

We both laughed. 

"Yeah, but what a way to get fired," I said. "Then we could move up here and sit naked on the porch every morning." As I spoke, I reached across and stroked his cock. It immediately got the message and began to swell. 

"So, would you be bringing your husband along with us in this new lifestyle?" he asked, pretending to ignore my provocation of his cock. 

I choked on a sip of coffee as he spoke. Once I regained my composure I said, "Harold doesn't do naked very well. I'm not sure he even likes me naked." 

"What a fool." Now he had his hand on my leg, softly stroking the inside of my thigh. 

"Oh, he has some redeeming qualities as a husband." 

"Such as?" His fingers lightly brushed my hair at the junction of my legs. I shivered ever so slightly and then spread my legs just a bit wider. 

"Well, he makes a lot of money, a hell of a lot of money, and he seems to enjoy it." Now it was my turn to ignore his provocation. 

"Sex?" 

"No, silly. He is clueless about sex. I don't think he even understands the point of it. What he enjoys is making money." I was stroking his cock now. It was fully erect. 

"Okay, that's a plus, because someone is going to have to be generating money for us to live on once I get fired for calling for naked staff meetings and we move up here." His fingers massaged my pussy lips and then slipped between them—not really into me, but far enough to coat the tips with my dew and then drag it upward towards my clit. I groaned. 

"What about your wife? Would she move up here and sit naked on the porch with us?" It was getting hard to maintain my concentration on this absurd conversation we were having. 

Now it was his turn to choke on his coffee. When he recovered he said, "Christy? Not a chance." 

"Does she hate sex and make lots of money, like Harold?" I asked. The tip of his cock was wet with pre-cum, and I rubbed it over the head and down past the sensitive part of his prick behind and below the head. It was his turn to groan softly now. 

"Oh no. What she likes about money is spending it, and she's really good at it. Spending money is her life's work." 

"How about sex?" I asked, continuing to use his pre-cum to massage his stiff prick. 

"She's okay with sex. She's really a decent good fuck, when she feels like it. Not as good as you, but still . . . she knows her way around the bedroom and isn't shy about asking for what she wants. But . . . sometimes, I think . . . she prefers girls." Now he had a finger slid deeply into my slippery cunt. Oh fuck it felt good! Not as good as I knew his prick was going to feel in a few minutes, but it was good. 

"Really? How interesting." 

"Do you do girls, too?" he asked, sounding a little fearful or intimidated. 

I laughed. "Don't know. Never tried it. Can you fix me up with a date with your wife so I can find out?" 

"So aren't we a pair?" he said ignoring my proposition regarding his wife. "You have a rich husband who has no interest in sex, and I have a spendthrift wife who is seriously bi." 

"Made for each other," I said. I had set my coffee down and was using my free hand, the hand not on his cock, to massage my breasts. I saw him lick his lips as he watched. 

"But seriously, would Harold care if he knew you were up here fucking me?" 

"Hmmm. Given the way he feels about sex, I doubt if he would be crushed or anything, but I guess he would have to object as a matter of form. I don't think I want to tell him about it, and I sure as hell wouldn't want him to learn about it from someone else. He doesn't care much about sex, but I think it would hurt his pride. What about your wife?" Now he had two fingers in my pussy and was pumping them regularly. I had slid down in the chair so I was easier to access and to let him probe more deeply with his fingers. 

"Oh, we resolved that years ago. She knows I chase around, and I know she does the same. We just don't rub each other's noses in it. And she sure as hell wouldn't divorce me. I'm the cash cow that services all the debt she piles up." I let my hand slide down and softly massage his balls. 

"So are you going to go home day after tomorrow and tell her about what we did here?" 

"Oh no. Wouldn't think of it. We don't tell each other about what we have been up to. It's not that kind of arrangement. It's more like don't ask, don't tell." 

"Good." 

"Are you jealous?" he asked. 

"Of your wife?" 

"Yes." 

"No. Not at all. I just don't want to be the girl you tell her about to spice up your sex life." 

"Oh, fair enough." 

"Listen," he continued, "what goes on between us, stays between us. We both have a lot to lose if it gets back to our employer that we are screwing each other." 

"Yeah. I've heard that's frowned upon. But like, what would they do?" I asked. 

"Well, since I'm the boss, they would most likely fire me. You being the 'exploited person' wouldn't be fired." 

"Yes, I'm feeling very exploited right now," I said sarcastically, as I stroked his cock and he continued to finger fuck me. "So fucking exploited," I continued with a gasp as he squeezed a third finger into my now dripping cunt. I took a deep breath and recovered. "If they didn't fire me, what would they do?" I asked. 

"I don't know. Probably just transfer you to Boise or Albuquerque. This company's got a lot of hell holes they can send people to when they want to." 

"Oh, so we're not going to brag about this then." 
