 My wife doesn't easily do sexy. We have great sex, but she's not the kind of woman who thinks about it all that much. When she wants it she jumps me, kisses me, loves to fuck me. Nevertheless, I'm a guy. Work it a little girl. 

When we first hooked up Deb tried hard. She'd happily dress in lingerie if I wanted her to yet it was clear that wasn't her thing. Something about her Brit ex-husband and his treating her like a slut. I wasn't about to follow. 

She was generally uptight about anal play, but get her in the right mood with a glass of wine just before we started some hot sex and you might not know it. The tip of my finger could slide around there, maybe even sneak it up to a knuckle and there wouldn't be a complaint. If I bent her naked over the couch she was totally game, though she was plenty disconcerted when I asked her to spread her cheeks. She'd do it, and let me do things, but she'd be almost humiliated if I leaned in to lick her there. 

Deb liked sucking my cock and I loved licking her button, even though she wasn't up for coming that way. And over time, it became obvious that she didn't masturbate or have too much of a fantasy life. 

I could lead her to some pretty filthy places though, with dirty talk taking the lead. 

"You want me on my knees, my ass stuck up in the air? So you can make it all wet and your dick will go in easy?" She'd talk the butt fuck game good and filthy even if we weren't going there. That's OK, it was damn sexy. 

And she could take it too. 

"Deborah, let's go find a quiet corner of a beach. I'll strip you right out in the open and spread your legs. You can't believe it's really happening and your pussy's so wet that my cock's barely inside before you're coming like a firehouse." 

That story could make her come hard, like it was real. 

All this is to say that it can be frustrating to me when I'm in the mood and she's not, which of course is not an uncommon situation, I know. 

...

Which is why one morning was such a surprise when I made my move and slipped my hand in her PJs. 

"Sweety, I'm not into it right now. Why don't you jerk off?" Her go-to when I'm amorous and she's not. "Can I help you?" 

That's Deb's "compromise," and it would be great if she had it in her. But you know, it's not like she's not going to do a sexy strip for me or something, that's just not her way. And after all these years she knows if she starts with the dirty talk, a few minutes later we'll be fucking, and she it's clear that's not what she's wanting. 

"I feel horrible, you know I love you Daniel. What can I do? I want you to..." 

At this point I just suggest she leave the room and let me get on with it. After a little back and forth that's exactly what happens. 

After she left I'm kind of hard and trying to figure out whether it's a sexy story or porny pictures that's going to do the job. As I'm stroking I hear Deb walking back down to our bedroom. 

She stands at the foot of the bed. "Come on baby, I know you want me to help, you need to let it come out," she says quietly. "I don't want you to have blue balls on my account. Take a look, I know you like to see these." 

Slowly, up comes her pajama top, t-shirt too, her exposed breasts bouncing out. 

"You like it when I hold 'em up, don't you?" both her hands pushing them up and down. "My bouncing titties turn you on, I know it." She starts shaking them. 

What the hell? 

"Sweety, I know you think I'm not into sex, but I love you so much. I want you to know it. Maybe I'm not into fucking as much as you want it..." Now she's pinching her nipples. "I want you to be happy. I'll do whatever you need to get off." 

My dick is totally hard now. I wonder why. 

"What do you want baby?" She's almost cooing. Whatever, I'm into it. "Tell me what I can do for you." 

"Come here. Sit on me," I croak, surprise in my voice. 

"No, no baby. This is your time, I want to see you gush, just like you wanted. That looks so pretty and so hot. Your stuff just flying out." 

"What I wanted was to make love to my wife, stick my hand up your pussy and make it cum, and then fuck it until it cums again and again so hard that I can't hold my own back. I want it to shoot inside you." 

I heard her moan. "Oh honey, that sounds so good. But I'm just getting into this, let me do it my way." Her hand started reach down her stomach. "You always want me to play, let's have some fun." Her hand disappeared into her bottoms, and she let out another sigh. 

Fun it's going to be. "Let me see what you're doing Deb, show me your furry twat." Deb loved vulgar words for our parts. 

"Really? Isn't it ugly with all that hair?" She was pulling down her pants, her underwear still covering her patch. "Don't all the young girls shave now? Should I shave my cunt for you?" Deb knew I loved her all hairy. 

"All right, here it is, all covered up. Or is it?" She's never shaved so her two fingers were opening her lips, her pink parks obviously gooey. "Ooooh look, my twat is all wet. For you. See? You didn't have to fuck it to make it flow." 

Well, I for one was about to gush. Slow down Deborah. 

Now her fingers were moving in and out. "Ohhhh God, that feels so nice." I could actually hear her juices. "Does this look good to you? Will it make you come?" She was moving faster. "Uh yeah yeah yeahhh, it's making me come, I'm coming for you now baby. Cooommmminnnggg! Ohhhhhhh!!" 

I had to let go of my cock, I didn't want to come yet, this was all too good. And unusual. I don't think Deb had ever rubbed herself to an orgasm in front of me. Next to me sometimes, but she was extremely shy about a sex performance, it was so hot to watch, I wanted more. 

"I have to sit down for a minute," Deb sat on the bed's edge, her panties still bunched around her ankles. "That was so incredible." Her breathing was calming down. "Did you like it? Did you? I've never done anything like that in life." She slowly turned and looked at me.

"You didn't come!" She was surprised. "Danny! What happened? Wasn't that good for you? Didn't you like it? It was so incredibly hot for me." She looked so disappointed. 

"Deborah. I loved it," I whispered it. "I love you, I love that you came for me. It was totally hot, I just don't want it to be over yet." 

"Oh baby, I'm so glad, I want to be a hot mama for you. I want to be your sex babe, I really do. It was so much more fun coming for you than I ever imagined. I'll have to do it again sometime." She started fondling one of her breasts again. "What else? What else can I do?" 

"You can fuck me now," though I knew I'd last about five seconds that way. "You can impale yourself on my cock and let it shoot off inside you." 

"No no no, I thought we'd already settled that." She stood up, kicking her underpants aside. "You're going to jerk off for me, and that's that." She got on her knees, looking at me. 

"How's that? Daaannnyyy?? Oh Daaannnyyy?" she said, drawing out my name. "You like my hanging tits? My saggy boobs with the giant nipples?" She was really shaking them now. "My udders?" 

"I like them, your nipples are really hard again. And super long." 

She started pulling at her nipples, stretching them out. 

"They feel so... so sensitive." She let out a giant breath of air. 

"Turn around baby. Let me see your ass." 

"Oh yeah baby, you love looking at my fat, jiggly ass." She started bouncing her cheeks with her hands. "Look at it baby, look at my ass." She glanced upwards, she could see me in our mirror across the room. "Come on baby, jerk your cock while I'm jerking my cheeks. Make yourself come for me." 

"Not yet, not yet. I want more." I grabbed hold of myself, but wasn't moving yet. "Bend over for you, then shake it." 

She did it. "Like this? Does it look bigger this way?" She shook it a little more. "I love it that you love my heinie. You really love it. My fanny. You love it when I shake my butt." 

"I do!" Rubbing myself. "I do love it when you shake it for me." I was really feeling it now. "Open it, open it for me." 

Deb suddenly stopped. "Baby, I can't." Shit! Here it comes, the old anal freeze. She seemed truly mortified. "You know I can't do that. Anything else, anything.

"What if I suck you off? This time I can swallow. I can." She turned around and was looking a little desperate. "Or maybe we *can* fuck. I shouldn't have said no before, I really want to fuck your brains out. Please, fuck me. Just don't make me... please don't make my ass..." She started crying. 

"Deb. Deborah, it's all right." I put my arms around her heaving body. "You don't have to do anything you don't want to do. Here, let me in." I tried to maneuver her pussy towards me. 

"But I *do* want to, I want to make you happy. I want to do what you want me to do." More tears. "But I can't do that, you know I can't." 

"Shhhh, it's OK." I let her snuggle into the crook of my neck, rubbing her head while she calmed down. 

"I know it's OK, but I really wanted to do it for you this time. I wanted to give you what you wanted. What you deserve. You should have a sexy wife that can get you off the way you need it." 

"You get me off just fine baby. Have I ever given up? I come every time." 

"I know, but this time I hoped I could do it. I know you love my ass, I love that you love it so much. I know. I don't know why it's so hard for me." 

It was me that was so hard. 

She was breathing normally now, and soon she was rubbing up against my naked leg. "You feel so good, you ought to be able to come the way you want. I want to be your sexy babe." I know she meant it, she really tried. "Maybe another time, I'm getting there." She paused. "I'm so sorry baby." 

"Don't worry about it. I'm so close, let me in and I'll be done. I'll fill your pussy so full you'll be leaking for days." I smiled, hoping she would too. 

But no. 

"Shit, I'm sick of being sorry." Suddenly she pulled away and was getting up. "Tell me. Tell me again. What do you want me to do?" 

"Uhhh. Huh? What do you want me to say?" I was so close. 

"Tell me what to do to get you off. I'm ready, I can do it. I can do anything you want." Something had definitely come over her. "Anything. Tell me to bend over again, tell me to spread my ass cheeks so you can see my asshole."

She was already doing it, I didn't need to say a word. 

"Can you see it? My anus? How does is it?" She was looking back at me. Hopefully? 

"It looks hot baby. Really hot." I stopped, even as I as rubbing myself harder. "Are you sure this is OK? You don't have to do it, I can jerk off now." 

"No! I want to! I want to make you hot. I wanna *be* hot for you. Can you see it?" 

"You're hot enough honey, really sexy. You can see how big I am for you?" I felt like my cock actually was bigger than it had ever been. "It already feels like it's going to explode. You can stop now." 

"No no no no no no NO! I can't. I wanna keep going. Don't come yet. Let me play more for you. Show myself. Show you what my giant ass has for you. Do you want that?" 

I do, I do, I thought to myself. I do. But I said, "Are you sure? I can get off now, I can." 

"Don't you dare. I've come this far, so don't you dare come yet. Watch me instead." She was really spread wide now. "Tell me, tell me what my asshole looks like. Is it all brown and crinkly? Do you like it?" 

"I love it baby. I love that you're showing me." 

"You want to put your tongue there, I know it. You want to rub your nose in my ass." 

God, this was amazing, I could feel myself almost levitating. 

"And your fingers, right? You want to lube up your fingers and put them right up my ass. Maybe I can do that sometime, maybe I can get there." Her cheeks were jiggling now, but she wasn't really doing it with her hands, they were just shivering as she spoke. 

"Ohhh Daniel! I'm so hot. Are you thinking about my ass now?" 

What else would I be doing? 

"Are you thinking about your big long dick shoving it's way up my ass? Up my virgin asshole?" 

I was hearing her fingers sloshing around her pussy now. And I was hearing myself breathing hard, I almost could hear my come shooting up through my balls.

"That's what you want. You want me on my knees, my shoulders on the bed, me holding my big as open wide for you. You'll come really close with your cock, and then you'll stick... OH GOD! I'm coming again! Ohhhh, pleeeaassee! You'll stick your hard cock all the way up my a... Ooooh ooohh I'm gushing out so much. Put your fat penis up my asshole and make it come deep inside... Oooooooohhhhhhhhhhh!!" 

I was spurting out all over the place, soaking myself and the bed all around me. And Deb was collapsing over the edge of the bed. 

"Danny, oh my God oh my God oh my God!" She looked at me. "Oh my God Danny, you came so much. You're drenched in come. Let me feel it, let me rub my come juice with yours." 

Her saturated hand rose up from her waterlogged pussy and plopped down in the puddle on my chest.

"Oh Danny Danny Danny, we're so wet. We're do fucked." 

She was right. We were so fucked. And we hadn't even fucked yet. 

"Later baby. We'll fuck later." 

I told you we had great sex.