 I had never believed meeting someone online was worth the time and effort. Too easy to hide behind a screen name, say whatever you want, and not have a way to verify any of it. That was until I met Mary. 

Working up the courage, I responded to a message she left on a chat forum. A lonely woman, divorced, seeking friendship and possibly a soulmate. Something about her intro touched me so I sent her a message, telling her I was single as well and would like to talk to her if she was interested. I was surprised when a few days later she responded, providing me her e-mail and IM addresses. 

We started trading messages, chatting into the early morning hours. It was amazing to learn so much about someone, without even meeting. We discovered we had so much in common, we were both romantic, and with a naughty side as well. The chats turned to phone calls, talking for hours, hearing a sweet, soothing voice on the other end. Nervously we took the next step and agreed to meet. This is where the story begins.

I was waiting, very nervous, at the airport as her flight landed. Picking her out of the crowd was easy; she was everything she described. A tall woman, not afraid to have curves, with long dark, almost black hair to her waist. 

As I called her name, she saw me and smiled. A beautiful smile, causing my heart to jump. She hugged me and kissed my cheek, then my lips. We embraced like old lovers being reunited, among a crowd of people. We quickly made it to my car for the drive to my home.

As we entered the highway, Mary slid over in the seat to snuggle against me. I put my arm around her, pulling her closer. As we drove and talked, I suddenly felt her hand on my cock, massaging it through my pants.

"Mary, um, I'm driving. Don't want an accident." 

She laughed, that warm, soft laugh I had only heard on the phone.

"Don't worry, I think you can handle it."

With that, she unzipped my pants, releasing me from the confines. While softly, gently caressing me, she leaned up to kiss my ear. She moved to my neck, planting soft, wet kisses. 

My cock was now fully erect as she looked down and smiled. She pushed my shirt up, kissing my chest. I inhaled sharply, surprised, but yet excited. Her kisses moved down my chest, to my stomach. I felt her hot breath on my cock, struggling to control my driving.

"Mary, you're making this difficult, " laughing as I said it.

She just looked up and me, smiled, and engulfed my cock with her mouth. 

"Oh, god," I groaned, as her lips slid down the shaft. Grasping my balls with a hand, squeezing, massaging them, her lips move back up my cock. She kisses the tip, her tongue touching me, teasing me. She slides her tongue down one side, up the other. It's maddening, but so delightful. Trying to control the car with this wonderful woman in my lap, I try to push her away.

"Jeez, Mary. Can we wait till we get to my house? Please?" She laughs again and lowers her mouth back onto my cock. Now moving her head faster, her warm lips wrapped around me, her hand stroking the bottom of my shaft. I wasn't going to last longer, thinking of what we said we'd do to each other when we met. 

"Mary, I'm going to cum.....I'm cumming....." I moaned to her as a warning.

She sucked me deeper as my cock finally exploded, releasing spurt after spurt of cum. She was swallowing best she could, but some spilled on her chin, dribbling on our clothes. I'm not sure how I kept the car straight and I started laughing.

"Jeez, you know how to make a first impression." And we both broke out laughing. She smiled.

"Just get us to your house as fast as you can." And with that we sped quickly to my home.

As we entered the front door, I placed her luggage to the side. She came to me, embraced me, and our lips locked in a passionate kiss. I pinned her to the door, my lips exploring, her mouth, her neck. My hands holding her ass, squeezing and massaging. She moaned, "Keith....please....".

As I kissed her neck, my hand moved up and unbuttoned her blouse, slowly, exploring each time a new button opened. I kissed her soft belly, licking up to her breasts. They were large, nipples hard, poking through her bra. She reached behind and undid the clasp, freeing them. 

My lips returned to her nipple as she grabbed my hair and pulled me closer to her. I moved to the other nipple, her hands pulling harder. She was gasping, moaning, as I continued to lick and suck on her breasts. I reached down and started to unbutton her jeans. 

She moved her hands to help me, unzipping them and sliding them off her legs. They were muscular, toned legs and very long. Mary was wearing green panties and I noticed a dark stain in front. 

I kissed her thigh and she trembled.

"Oh god....Keith...." she moaned.

I ran my finger up her leg, circling, stroking. Still kissing and nibbling on her breasts, she moaned louder. As I neared her pussy, I could feel the dampness and heat through her panties. I reached with my hand, grabbed the waistband and pulled them down and off. 

Dark hair that was closely trimmed, damp with her juices, covered her treasure. I turned her around, facing the door and started to kiss and lick her lovely ass. My hands held the front of her legs. Mary was leaning on the door, panting and whimpering. As I continued kissing her cheeks, she spread her legs apart.

"Please...take me....please..." she moaned. I moved my hand up her leg and touched her. She jumped and moaned louder. Slowly inserting my finger I found she was wet, hot and very tight. 

I started moving my finger in and out, Mary moaning, begging me to go faster. I added a second finger, my hand now soaked with her juices. I continued kissing her cheeks, licking them and moving down her legs. 

"Don't stop.....god...don't stop..." she pleaded as my finger moved faster and faster. She was shaking, her body wracked with pleasure. I moved between her legs and when I reached out with my tongue to touch her pussy, she exploded. 

"Damn.....my god....Keith...." she screamed as she came, her legs wrapping tightly around my head. She continued to pump her hips, her pussy pushing against my tongue, pulling my hair. I was licking and sucking as fast as I could, my face drenched with her juices. She moaned and panted, eyes closed and her mouth open. I stood up and kissed her, softly, gently. I whispered to her.

"Mary, this is only the beginning of our night." 

With that, I took her hand and led her to my bedroom. A blindfold and scarves were lying on the bed. I heard Mary laugh softly.

"You know what I like," was all she said as we embraced again, lips seeking each other.