 Flying over the Atlantic to Heathrow from Boston, where I now live, I was startled when someone tapped me on the shoulder in mid-flight. 

"Hello, Mike," she said.

It was Jill, my teen sweetheart. We had not seen each other for almost forty years, and her smile had not changed. Why we broke up, and when, and how, was no longer relevant; but I had always regretted it, and had always guessed - correctly - so had she. She had eventually married a lawyer, and they had moved to France. 

"What are you doing on this flight?" I mumbled. 

"I was at a conference in the USA, and I'm going to stay in London for a few days before going home to France," she said.

"How long are you going to be in London?" 

"A week, on business,"

"We keep an apartment in London. Call me." she said quietly, and pressed a slip of paper into my hand. It had an address in Hampstead and a telephone number.

As students, we had once met and spent a wonderful night together. We were both virgins, and were still virgins the following morning. But we were both naked, and the memory of her body was still with me. She was a woman, and I was still a boy.

I reached London, and the following morning I called her. 

"I was hoping to hear from you," she murmured down the phone. "I'll make you dinner tonight. Be at the apartment at eight." 

It was a Friday, and I knew we would have the weekend to be together. 

For the rest of the day I could think of nothing else. I bought a bottle of wine, and, on an impulse, an expensive silk scarf, and at 8:05 I rang the doorbell on the apartment in a fashionable street in Hampstead. While showering, I had jerked off twice, hopefully ensuring some staying power later on...

Jill opened the door. She looked stunning, wearing a slinky black dress and a pearl choker. Her black hair was swept back, and there was a faint aroma of delicate perfume wafting around her. 

"It's been a long time," I said. 

"Too long," she replied.

I entered, and put the wine and the gift on a table just inside the door. I could see a candlelit table set for dinner in the background. We looked at each other for a second or two, and then were immediately in each other's arms, hugging and kissing - our tongues swirling around in each other's mouths. My hands stroked her back, down to her gorgeous bottom. She had always been quick to tell me what to do, and nothing had changed.

"Stop it, I like it", she whispered. 

I stroked her buttocks, and let a finger trail up and down her cleft. "Mmmmmm...," was the reaction, and one of my hands went up to caress her breasts. She reciprocated by stroking my cock through my pants. 

"Are we going to eat?" I asked. 

"Quickly!," she replied, and pushed me away with a grin. She had the most wonderful smile.

Dinner was light - a delicate starter, followed by some beautifully cooked fish and some berries and cream for dessert. In between small talk, we both had a couple of glasses of chilled white wine. We finished supper and I helped clear everything away and load the dishwasher. Looking at me, but not saying a word, she took my hand and led me back through the living room into the bedroom. Along the way, in an intensely erotic gesture, she stopped and kicked her shoes off. 

We turned and faced each other, and gently kissed. I reached behind her and started to unzip her dress. She giggled. As the zip reached the bottom of her back, she shrugged and the dress fell to the floor. She stepped out of it, leaving her in a black, lacy bra, matching panties and black stockings. 

"How do you want me in bed?" she whispered, undoing my shirt buttons. 

"Bra and panties would be good," I replied. 

She nodded, and sat down on the bed, where she slowly peeled off her black stockings. I watched, and as soon as she finished, she swung her legs under the duvet, and looked at me with one raised eyebrow. I stripped down to my boxers and got into the other side of the bed.

We kissed gently, and I felt her breasts and her rock-hard nipples through her bra. She went to unclip it, but I stopped her. 

"Uh -uh - me..." I instructed. 

"Just tell me what else turns you on - whatever you want, and I mean it," she grinned. "I think we have plenty of time."

I turned her over on her stomach, and began rubbing her back. She began moaning. After a minute or two, I unclipped her bra, and slid the straps off her shoulders. She raise herself a little, pulled out her bra, and dropped it on the bed. I started running my hands down her back to her bottom, and stroked her round, firm backside. I hooked my thumbs into the tops of her panties, and she quickly lifted herself up to allow me to slide them down her legs. She finished the job for me, but this time turned and presented me with her panties, which I realized quickly were moist and fragrant. I inhaled. But she was still on her stomach, and had slightly parted her legs. My hand went between her legs, lightly stroking the top of her inner thighs.

"You bastard," I heard her say, as she folded her arms on the pillow, rested her head comfortably, and opened her legs even wider.

My right hand fingers stroked her cunt lips, which were already wet. I stroked, putting fingers in and moving them around.. Then, simultaneously, I reached further under her to stroke her clit, and with my left hand started stroking her arse again. As I stroked and rubbed her clit, my fingers stroked up and down her arse cleft, and I found her anus. Her entire body clenched up and she went rigid. I continued to aggressively rub her clit, and probed her anus with a finger. Suddenly she went into a gasping, moaning paroxysmic orgasm, shaking all over, only relaxing and breathing normally again when she finished. 

And as she finished, she turned over. Her faced was flushed, and her eyes were half-closed. 

"My turn," she said. With two hands she quickly ripped off my boxers, and threw me on my back. My cock was, of course, erect by this time, and she looked at it. First, she lay on top of me, kissing and nibbling, while gently playing with my balls with one hand. She paid attention to my nipples, which I liked, and brushed my chest with her breasts. She still had great, pointed breasts with memorably pointed nipples. Slowly, she worked her way down my body, until she reached my cock. 

"I suppose you want me to suck you," she asked mock-innocently. 

"Hard, and i'm going to come in your mouth. And I want to touch you while you do it." 

So saying, I pulled her round so that she was now kneeling at my side. I began stroking her back, and she was playing with my cock and balls - stroking, and running her fingers under my scrotum and towards my own arsehole. My hands were stroking the gorgeous curves and valleys of her backside. She suddenly took my cock in her mouth and started sucking hard, at the same time lightly tickling my balls. Then I slid one hand under her arm, and started massaging and squeezing her breasts. It took only half a minute before I came with a series of grunts, and felt her mouth sucking even harder as she swallowed every drop of semen. As I came, I plunged my other hand into her arse, which she reacted to by clenching her cheeks together, keeping my hand exactly where it was.

Lovingly, and slowly, she sucked and licked me clean. We lay next to each other, grinning and lightly kissing, the tips of out tongues playing with each other.

"Good," Jill said, "Now the sex can begin."

*****