 We meet again at a quaint little coffee shop - the kind that wants you to pretend like you're in a living room rather than in a restaurant. It's either mid morning or late afternoon. We get our coffee and sit in a quiet corner, shoulder to shoulder on an overstuffed couch. My feet are tucked beneath me as I lean slightly in your direction. Our body language indicates a comfortable closeness and an intimacy between us to any outside observers. After enjoying the first few sips in silence, we begin to chat about random nothingness - Everyday normal life stuff. 

An hour passes and the conversation turns toward more intimate topics. You describe to me how you'd hoped your play party/gangbang would have turned out. You include in your telling of the story which men you imagine I'd have played with and all the ways I'd have gotten fucked. I deconstruct a story I recently wrote and break down which parts are fiction and which parts have actually happened. 

As we've been talking I've curled under your arm and have rested my head on your shoulder/chest. We take note of the time after awhile and without saying so come to the conclusion that it's time to leave. You say how nice it's been to see me and I reiterate how easy it is to talk with you. You walk me to my car and give me a strong lingering hug and a kiss on the cheek. 

-----------------

Ending #1: We both drive off with smiles, each having enjoyed a very pleasant rendezvous with someone we enjoy spending time with. THE END.

-----------------

Ending #2: As you lean in to kiss my cheek, I whisper, "Where can we go to be alone?" With a sly smile, you take me by the hand and walk me over to your car, leaving the boop and flash of lights from my remote lock behind us. We head back to your place and are barely in the door before you have me face first pressed up against a wall with my hands pinned behind my back. I hear the swish of rope as you quickly bind my hands and arms. I'm secretly grateful for the front hook bra and front buttoning shirt I wore as you spin me around and undo both, pulling them back to further bind my arms and to expose my breasts. I smile at the greedy hunger I see plainly on your face. My smile widens as I hear your zipper pull down and you step out of your pants. Then you step behind me and reach around to unfasten my jeans. You pull them roughly to the floor and I manage to step out of them without falling over. I follow the silent command in you eyes and kneel before you ready to receive the gift of your cock in my mouth. 

As I look up I see that you have magically procured a candle. Before you light it however, you reach for the trailing ends of the rope to tie my hands to my ankle (right one only because my left one can't be tied due to injury) so that my body arches back and my breasts are thrust upward. My knees are spread and my head rolls back, giving me a solid base. I smell the sulfur as you strike the match to light the candle and inhale slowly to begin to find the mental space in which I will enjoy what is about to happen. Slowly, you let the wax drip on my sternum allowing it to pool to the point where gravity draws it between my breasts. You alternate the height of each splash so that I'm caught off guard at times by the heat. You chuckle at my sudden intakes of breath or hisses as I exhale. 

Now you kneel beside me and suck on each nipple in turn so that they are firm and erect. The disparity between the warm pull of your lips and the quick burning sting as you coat each one in a sudden puddle of wax is shocking. I hear the quick whoosh of your breath as you blow the candle out followed by the metallic click of a blade opening and locking into position. You move to where my head is hanging down and kneel before my face. Your cock and balls are tantalizingly close to my mouth as you lean over me and begin to remove the wax with the gloriously sharp knife. 

"You may not take me in your mouth yet," you instruct me as you slide the edge of the knife up and over my nipples, knowing how frantically desperate I am at this point to have your plunge your thick cock into my mouth. 

When all of the wax has been removed, you move away from kneeling over me and smile as I whimper in disappointment. Quickly you untie the rope and guide me to lie back onto the pillows you've moved to the floor. You massage my legs for a moment and then spread my knees apart. Your hands slip under my hips and you kiss your way up my thighs before bury your face in my cunt. Alternating between eating me out and finger fucking me, you bring me to orgasm quickly and often. When I'm certain that I can't cum any more you plunge your hard, thick cock deep inside me -filling me completely. With each thrust I'm brought closer and closer to the kind of orgasm that makes your eyelids tingle. When I feel you hold yourself as deep as you can possibly go inside of me and roar along with your release, I join you in a body convulsing orgasm the likes of which I've only experienced a handful of times in my life.

Easing your body down to cover me completely we lay joined together for a moment longer. As you exit my body, I feel the combined excess of our lust seep out of me and down the crack of my ass. You stand and give me your hand to help me up. We stroll unabashedly nude together and wash each other in a delightfully hot shower. Without conversation, we dress and you drive me back to my car in the coffee shop parking lot.

We both drive off with smiles, each having enjoyed a very pleasant rendezvous with someone we enjoy spending time with. THE END.