 I stretched out after waking up. I stood in the center of the room, doing an improvised sort of yoga thing. I don't really know yoga, but I can wing it from what I've seen on tv, and it helps to loosen me up. 

The small open space in the center of the room was barely big enough for me to stretch, but it served well enough. I looked over to the small college-dorm bed, where Lily and Molly, my twin angels, were still asleep. 

They were completely identical. Shoulder length, reddish-brown hair framing heart shaped faces. Beautiful, bee-stung lips that smiled even in their sleep. Green eyes, currently concealed by eyelids. They stood at 5'3", with natural bodies and perfect handfuls of breasts. The only place their duality ended was in their personalities. Lily was more of an extrovert, adventurous and free spirited. She was studying social sciences. Molly was a little shyer, given to blushing and secret smiles. She studied art and design. 

They were laying side by side. Lily's arms were wrapped around her sister protectively, and Molly's head was buried between Lily's breasts, moving slowly up and down with even, sleepy expansion and contraction of her sister's ribcage. Looking at them, I felt the stirrings of arousal. I looked up towards the alarm clock to see how much time we had for a morning quickie. 

The alarm clock was gone. Searching around, I found it lying upside down on the floor. A lamp and empty glass from the bedside table were next to it, and I realized we'd probably knocked it over sometime during last night's energetic lovemaking. I turned the clock over, and saw that it was 8:55. Molly and I had the same photography class at nine. Apparently, the fall to the floor had turned off the alarm. 

"Shit!" I cried. Molly and Lily shifted and looked over at me. 

"What?" Molly asked. 

"We slept in! We've got five minutes to get to class!" 

Molly and I were instantly struggling to get dressed. The only clothes I had with me were from yesterday, and I didn't have the time to run down the hall to my room for more. I noticed that Lily had succeeded in popping a button off of my shirt in her eagerness to undress me the night before. 

Lily turned lazily in bed to watch us scramble. She didn't have a class until ten. "Just skip it, geez." 

"We can't," I said, trying to find my left shoe. 

Molly had already gotten her jeans and a sweater on, and was tying her sneakers. "We have a portfolio review first thing. There's a giant penalty for missing it." 

Lily stretched, arching her back on the bed, lifting her breasts and mons towards the ceiling. "You'd better hurry then." 

Molly and I ran across the campus. The dorms were centrally located, and the art buildings were in one corner, so it wasn't too far. 

Tired and red faced, we arrived five minutes late. Fortunately, we hadn't been called into the office for review yet, so we didn't get in any trouble. 

Our reviews went fine. I got a B+, Molly an A. After the review was just general work time. I had a fresh roll of film to develop, a few candid shots of Molly, Lily, and our friends Lisa and Sarah at dinner, and Molly had some negatives she wanted to print. I stood in the class area, shaking my film developing canister, letting the chemicals do their magic. 

I took the developed film out carefully and inspected it. There were a few dark patches near the end of the roll, but it looked like and done a pretty good job with it. I took it into the first dark room, which housed a dryer, and hung it up. It would need at least fifteen minutes before I could cut it. I wandered through through the pitch black hallway. It branched off in several directions. Down one way, there were several booths side by side for black and white developing. Next to them were the open tubs of chemicals for putting the exposed prints into. There was red light in here, as it wouldn't expose the photo paper. Molly was standing in the center of the room, amongst the hustle and bustle of other students trying to work in a small space. She was looking through negatives in the low light. 

"Find what you want?" I asked her. 

"Yeah," she said. "Do you want to help me develop it?" 

"Sure." Molly's better grade really came from her eye for composition. She had no trouble finding great shots to print and impress the professor with. However, she could sometimes miss something in the nuts and bolts of the process, which is where I excelled. 

We found an unoccupied dark room and went inside, flipping the "do not open" light on as we entered. Molly set up the photo rig in the pale red light, aligning her negative and guides, knowing that she'd have to set the paper in complete darkness. I stood to the side and watched, making sure she didn't forget anything important. I looked at the faint, projected image the negative cast on the blank surface beneath it. The picture was of Lily and I asleep in bed. We were both nude. Lily was half covered by the sheets, but most of her was visible. She clung to me in the photo as if I were a life saver in the ocean of covers. I was naked and completely exposed. 

"You're... uh, not submitting that for a grade, are you?" I asked. 

Molly laughed shyly. "No, I just thought it might be nice to have." 

Molly turned the dim red light off, and I listened as she opened up a light-proof envelope and removed the photo paper. She exposed the image briefly. It was a good choice, as it would now turn out a little lighter and slightly desaturated. This was the kind of image that could look tawdry in full color. 

Molly I heard a quiet splash, and knew that Molly had put the print in the first of the four chemical baths. It was quiet waiting, and I silently counted off time in my head, as I knew Molly was doing as well. Eventually, Molly got it into the final bath, which was basically just a rinse. She turned on the red light, and we could make out that the picture had come out fine. It was just a little bit cloudy, but it looked more like an soft aura than a processing error. 

As we watched the print float slowly in circles in the softly swirling water, I put my arms protectively around Molly from behind. At least, the gesture started out protectively. I rested my head in her hair, and inhaled the healthy aroma of her shampoo, with a trace of the photo chemicals in the room. She raised her hands and held onto my arms near the shoulder. I kissed the back of her head gently. Molly responded by tilting her head back on my shoulder to look up at me. I leaned forward and kissed her on the mouth. She responded slowly, opening her mouth to welcome my cautiously probing tongue. I brought one hand up and held it along her jaw, caressing and confining her neck. One of her hands found the back of my head and pulled me deeper and deeper into the kiss. 

It wasn't long before I had my other hand cupping and kneading her left breast through her sweater and tee. I took my hand from her neck and slid it down. As my fingers passed her bellybutton, she reached down and undid her jeans for me, providing access. 

I slipped my fingers into her panties, greeted by the soft forest of crinkly hairs there. Our kiss broke and she exhaled through pursed lips as my middle finger carefully teased her slit. It was still dry to go for an all out penetration, so I rubbed her warm mons gently. Molly bucked her hips against my hand in response. I slid my other hand up under her shirt and squeezed her full breasts, lightly pinching her nipples, then rolling them between my thumb and forefinger. She sighed and pushed her hips back, standing on tip toes to grind her butt onto my erect cock. I felt a sudden surge of wetness from her pussy, and instantly dove in, penetrating her with two fingers. She gasped and bit her lip through a moan. 

I could feel her clit poking out against my palm as I fingered her. She was rocking back and forth, oscillating her hips between riding my finger and teasing my cock. My lips where close the her ear, and I whispered into it. "Should we?" 

There was no hesitation in her voice. "Yes," she breathed back to me. My shy and cautious girl wanted me to fuck her here, in the darkroom without a lock, our only guarantee of privacy the light outside requesting others not to enter. 

I pulled my hands away from their respective tasks and pulled Molly's jeans and panties down to mid thigh. She bent over and braced herself on the tub of rinse. I unzipped quickly and positioned myself. My exposed glans was poised at her dripping entrance. The heat and wetness that emanated from within were the most natural thing in the world. My cock felt drawn to it like a magnet. 

Molly was always tighter than her sister, and today was no exception. The head of my dick popped in just barely, and I felt a wonderful pressure from her. She was sighing in and out heavily, trying to keep from moaning to loud, and controlling her voice through a lot of deep, throaty breathing. I held onto her hips and pushed, and she rocked forward as well. 

"Hold still," I whispered to her. In the almost nonexistent red light, I could just barely see her nodding. I squeezed her waist tightly and angled my pelvis forward. There was muffled squeak from her, and then I was past the Rubicon, pushing in full throttle, my way into her tight confines paved by her impressive personal lubrication. 

When I was balls deep in her, I knew I wouldn't last long. She was so tight, and there was so much danger of being caught, I was aroused beyond my wildest dreams. I did my best to put it off, counting in my head, going through the Fibonacci sequence, trying to remember as many presidents back as I could. Throughout my mental efforts, I pounded her quickly and relentlessly from behind, trying to get her to come as quickly as possible, so that I could afford myself the same release. 

I was concentrating so hard that I almost missed her orgasm. I had no vocal cues to go by, but I suddenly noticed she was making no sound at all. I looked up and saw that she had one hand over her mouth and was doing her best not to scream out her pleasure. I pushed her sweater further up on her back and leaned forward, resting on the bare flesh of her waist and spine. I began to come, shooting into her over and over again, feeling the internal pressure in her mount to unbearable heights. Through my orgasm she shook violently beneath me, her body sweaty and glistening. 

I slowed down after I came. We stood still for a little while, she leaning against the tub, watching a picture of her nude sister and myself in the water. I was still inside, slowly shrinking down to regular size as my waist pressed against the pliant surface of her buttocks from behind. I backed away and fell out of her with a popping noise like a champagne cork coming out of the bottle. There was suddenly a rush of trapped fluids running down her inner thigh. Molly grabbed a roll of paper towels from the shelf and wiped herself up. I did the same. We tossed them in the garbage can, trusting in the smell of chemicals to mask the unmistakable scent of sex. 

We kissed desperate goodbyes, hidden in the dark, as she headed off for a fashion design course, and I prepared to jog across campus for anthropology. 

The social sciences building was one of the largest on campus, several stories tall, incongruous in the largely faux-old style of the school. I took the back entrance in through the teachers' offices. Lily was an assistant for one of the sociology professors, Mz. Bertrand, and she usually did a little clerical work in the morning. We often met down here to go to our anthropology class together. 

I found her sorting out some mail on the basement floor. The offices here were kind of uninspiring, having, at the very best, only a small window high on the wall. When she heard me approach, she turned and flashed me a look of pure, untainted lust. I realized I probably returned it. Her outfit seemed designed to tease. A pleated, gray wool skirt that only covered half her thighs, knee-high argyle socks and little black shoes with buckles, and a loose, green sweater over a white collared shirt. Sort of a bookworm fantasy wet dream outfit. 

She tossed what little interdepartmental mail was left on the counter and started towards me, lust flashing in her pale green eyes. 

"Whoa," I said, "We're gonna be late." God help me, I can be stupidly dedicated to academics sometimes. 

"You had sex with Molly, I can't be left out." 

"How..."

"I could feel it. Just barely," she said. "Sometimes, I can feel what she's feeling, and I felt it when she came." 

Lily was already unbuttoning her shirt, revealing a white lace bra underneath that did more to push her breasts up for viewing than concealing them. She put a hand on my chest and pushed me backwards into her professors office, closing the door and the blinds on the interior windows. 

"Lily," I said. "We could get caught. What if Professor Bertrand comes back?"

Lily smiled devilishly. "She's got three classes in a row. She won't be down here for hours." 

"Well, what if anyone else comes by?" 

Lily locked the door and and pulled her shirt off, revealing her eager breasts in their lace prisons. "We'll just be quiet until they go away." 

"You're never quiet." 

Lily smiled and and stepped towards me. I wrapped my arms around her shoulders and kissed her engagingly. Our tongues wrestled as we stumbled, joined, about the small office, eventually coming to rest with me pressing Lily against the desk.  I knelt down before her and slid my hands under her skirt, caressing the smooth flesh of her inner thighs. I rubbed two fingers against the crotch of her panties, my fingers encountering the sticky wetness that had already permeated the fabric. I hooked my fingers around the waistband and pulled her panties down. I couldn't put it off any longer, and plunged my tongue into her, relishing the sudden coating of my mouth and chin with her clear fluids. 

She exhaled explosively, but managed to keep from crying out as I locked my lips around her clit. I worked her fiercely with my tongue, careful not to break the suction around her button as I tenderly probed into her with two fingers of my right hand. Lily wriggled beneath me, and I slipped a third finger in. 

From then on, it was alternating and random thrusts, coupled with quick, gentle bites at her clitoris. In no time at all she was coming. She hunched over and pushed me further into her, letting off steam through ragged sobs to prevent any all-out vocalization. 

I collapsed into the comfortably upholstered leather chair behind the desk after Lily'd finished, and she slid off the desk, slowly coming to rest on her knees in front of me on the floor. She unhooked her front-clasping bra casually, letting it hang off of her shoulders, and freeing her gorgeous pink tits to hang naturally from her body. She reached forward and began to undo my jeans, pulling them and my underwear to my ankles in one quick motion. She wasted no time with her hands, but was instantly licking my cock, sucking around it but not actually sucking it, leaving livid red hickeys on the underside. 

She smiled and looked up at me again, licking her lips. "You taste like my sister,"

I nearly came from her saying it, and she smiled again and began to suck me off in earnest, deep throating me without hesitation. I felt her teeth gently prod the base of my cock, and I caressed her hair as it cascaded around her face, tickling my bare thighs and waist. She pulled almost completely off of me, and sucked fiercely and pitilessly on just the head, then slid right back down again with an ease that amazed me. 

I felt my orgasm building, and quickly pushed her off. I grabbed her waist and lifted her up onto the desk, flipping up her skit as she went. She took hold of me quickly, and as I thrust forward, she guided me right into her. The second I was inside, I pushed forward all the way, faster than I'd ever gone in on a first push. The sudden shock straightened her spine, and she fell backwards to lie prone on the desk as I clutched at her breasts and pulled out for a second thrust. Lily cried out once, then bit into her wrist, muffling her adulation. 

I began to come, and leaned over, pressing my body against her and kissing her urgently. My thrusts continued as my delayed orgasm shot forth, and I could feel her body responding to the warm invasion, twitching under me. She arched her back and I felt the contractions of her pussy as she raised her legs and wrapped them around me. 

I felt a hot splash escape between the constantly moving length of my cock and the quivering walls of her cunny. She went limp below me, and I slid out of her and fell back into the chair again, utterly exhausted. 

We both sat still for a time, eventually looking at the clock to see that the period was almost up. I handed Lily her panties, which she slipped on over her soaked quim, and I pulled up my pants after drying myself off with a kleenex. Lily straightened up the office a bit, putting the finishing touch on buy pulling several sheets off of Mz. Bertrand's desk blotter until there wasn't an obvious wet spot from her orgasm. 

I was relieved to have a class away from the girls. I spent my marine biology course slouching in my chair. My dick was sore as hell. Guys will know that when you use it too much, it can get tender pretty quickly. I considered going back to own dorm room to ice it in the afternoon, but I wanted to stop by and see how the girls were doing. 

I lay back on one of the beds and closed my eyes after I got back. The girls were both going through their bags, organizing for the next day. I could feel the muscles in my thighs twitching, and even the cloth of my underwear seemed to rough against my over stimulated cock. 

"So," Lily was saying. "Which bed should we sleep in tonight?" 

"Oh, girls, girls," I said. "I can't. I'm beat. I just need to get back to my own room and sleep." 

"Aw," Molly said. "But we had so much fun last night, and this morning. We want more." 

I put my palm over my eyes. The fluorescent bulb above seemed capable of penetrating my eyelids. "I've got no more to give. I'm sorry, but you've drained me." 

"What will it take to get you to stay?" Lily asked. 

"There's nothing," I said. "Nothing you can do or say. I just need to sleep and give my unit a rest." 

The girls were silent for a time, and I became suspicious. I lifted my head and looked at them. 

They were sitting on the bed facing me. They were naked, leaning back against the wall. Their legs were drawn up to their chests, and they each had four fingers buried in themselves, the pale skin of the rest of their bodies sharply contrasted by the deep pink of their parted pussies. Molly was biting her lower lip, and Lily was smiling the smile of a lion that knows it's caught a gazelle. They were both looking at me with a primal hunger in their identical eyes. 

Amazingly, my cock jerked to life. I knew I wouldn't be going home tonight.