 He can sense my horiness. He can't deny that he is feeling the same way. He feels his cock start to stir once again. Trying to keep his mind on the task at hand he keeps on feeding me. But just then a sudden delicious idea runs though his mind. Taking a grape between his fingers he grins at me as he lets it fall between my breasts watching as it lands perfectly. He then grabs another one and does it again.

I smile and look down. Hmm so he wants to play this game. I'm all for it. Feigning innocence I pretend not to notice. I keep happily feeding him knowing what he is going to do next.

He accepts each morsel of food like it's going to be his last meal. But what he really wants to eat is what is between my breasts. With a growl he throws all caution to the wind and leans forward letting his teeth grab onto the first grape easily. He then grabs the other one and starts eating. 

I keep looking down watching him eat. It's so hot seeing his face in between my breasts. I know what I do next will determine how this night goes. He swallows his food and then looks up at me. He searches my eyes to see if I want what he wants.

I see the desire in his eyes. Taking my hands I place them on his head forgetting about the food. I then bring him to my breast nodding. He moans as he locks his lips around my nipple and starts suckling. Letting his hand wrap around my waist he holds me close to him. He knows we just got done having fun in the bedroom and he promised we'd wait an hour. But fuck he can't help it. He can't stop the lust.

I moan softly as I feel him suckling at my breast. I let my hands stroke through his hair so tenderily as I close my eyes letting the pleasure overtake me. It's funny how we can't even wait five minutes before pouncing on each other again. It's like no matter what we tell each other about waiting that neither one of us means it. It's just words. Silly words.

He knows he could have me right here on this dining room table. All he'd have to do is pick me up and place me on it. But no it's not time for that. Right now it's all about enjoying this moment. While holding me close he can feel my heartbeat. It is racing. He knows that he is the one that is doing that to me. That's such a sweet thought. He needs to feel more of my body and needs to let this hot moment continue. I know that he can feel my heart racing. I can't help myself. There's no way to deny the strong attraction that I feel towards him. 

Realizing that my other breast is neglected he knows it's time to switch over. Pulling his mouth away slightly he lets his gaze stay on mine as he slowly plants small kisses on my overheated skin. Taking his free hand he cups the wet breast he was just sucking on and starts playing with my nipple keeping it erect.

I moan as I feel his hand and his mouth. God he knows exactly what to do to make me melt. I decide to play more so I move one hand off his head and allow my fingers to run down his back feeling his muscles flex. I touch his skin so slightly then more firmly as my other hand keeps playing with his hair.

He groans against my skin as his kisses move from my skin over to my other breast. Quickly he latches onto my nipple and starts sucking nosily letting me know how much he is enjoying this. I stroke his back more my grip getting a bit tighter on his head. I am becoming dizzy with the intimacy that we are sharing. I don't want him to stop loving me.

"Don't stop please," I find myself whispering.

He doesn't say a word. He just moans softly as he keeps on sucking letting his hand pull and tug on my nipple occasionally allowing his fingers to play with the surrounding skin. He fucking wants me so much and knows he has to impale me on his cock within the next hour. He can't hold back any longer than that. I moan softly and call out his name as I play. I want him to fuck me right now. I want his cock inside me. I am impatient. 

"Please fuck me," I moan.

Oh god those words. The words he's been aching to hear. He knows I must be feeling the same way he is. So impatient and so hungry. He can feel his cock throbbing with so much need. But as much as he wants to let his cock take charge there's just one more thing he wants to do first. He knows I'll like it. Giving my breast one more suck and kiss he pulls his mouth away. He then moves his other hand and stands up slowly.

I watch him stand up. I miss touching him already and I see his cock dangling right in front of my eyes. Oh I want it. I want it so bad. He feels me staring. How could I not? He knows I am ready to burst with lust for him. Reaching down he takes my hand and helps me stand up. 

I stand before him my breathing ragged with so my impatience. I don't understand why he hasn't placed me on the table yet. Why won't he just fuck me already? I must know.

"Why aren't you fucking me?" I ask.

He just smiles. Ah the million dollar question. Taking my free hand he brings it up to his hand kissing it like such a gentleman. He can see I am impatient and almost fearful that he will leave me so unsatisfied. He has no intentions of that. Using his grip he pulls me closer to where there is no space in between us. I moan and beg softly with my eyes. Letting my hand go he finds that he enjoys having this control. This is quite fun.

"Because my sweet dear I want to dance with you first. Wouldn't you like to slow dance with me?" he says.

Oh my yes that does sound fun. I'll take any way I can to keep him near me.

"Yes I would like that," I respond.

"Well that's good. Come with me into the living room. I have a fire going and some music playing. Let's dance," he says.

Keeping a hold of my hand he turns and leads us out of the dining room. As we leave I turn and see that I have left a wet spot in the chair. Oh my that's not good. It's going to take some explaning from him why that's there. As I keep up with him I know that I must let him know.

"I'm afraid I left a mess in your chair," I say.

He just chuckles. Don't I realize that it doesn't matter?

"It's okay my darling. I'll get to it later," he says.

I smile glad that he doesn't care. I turn my head back to stare at him. 

"Here we are. The living room. Make yourself comfortable," he says.

I gasp as I look around. Oh my it's so exquiste in here. I see the roaring fireplace and hear the music. I see pictures on the wall and notice the rug on the floor.

He sees I am admiring the room and notices me noticing the rug. At first he planned on using that for just a showpiece item. But now that he gives it some thought he realizes it is the perfect place for us to dance.Keeping me close he leads me over to the rug. Yes it's perfect.

"Here is where we will dance. And if you're naughty enough I'll fuck you right here too," he says.

I delight in the thought of having us make love right here in front of the fire. That would be so perfect.

"Come and press yourself against me. I want to dance very close with you," he says.

Hearing his words I do as he says. I let go off his hand long enough and quickly wrap my hands around his shoulders pulling him close to my naked body. I feel his cock rub up against me and I bury my face in his shoulder as I cry out.

Getting in a better positon he places his hands on my lower back as he starts guiding me through the dance. Making sure to keep his cock right where it is he starts swaying his hips against mine making sure to make contact each time.

I unbury my face and place my head on his shoulder letting my hand run down to his back. I start grinding my pussy against his cock as we dance. So this is what dirty dancing is all about. Mmm it feels so good.

He loves feeling my head on his shoulder. Letting his hand move up and down my back now he occasionally reaches down grabbing some ass just to hear me moan. He can feel my wetness soaking onto the head of his cock. This definitely has to be the longest foreplay he has ever endured before.

I love it when he grabs my ass. It's such a naughty feeling that runs though me. I feel the fire licking at our skin and hear the music playing in the background. But I really don't notice it. All I can focus on is him and me in this moment.

As we keep dancing the lust becomes undeniable. He knows he has to fuck me. This dancing is killing him. He doesn't care if it's only be a minute or a hour. He just knows that he can't wait anymore. I am too wet and too hot to ignore. He starts squeezing my ass harder making sure each time that he presses his cock more into me. He knows I am ready and fuck so is he.

"I'm sorry baby but I must fuck you. I can't take it anymore," he whispers.

Keeping his hands on my ass he pulls back and kisses me hard letting his nails dig in. With a strong determination he presses his cock harder against my pussy feeling my lips start to give way. Ah yes it's such a sweet feeling. I kiss him back as I feel my pussy giving in to him. I want him on top of me right now! 

Together we kiss and dry hump each other enjoying each sensation. As fun as this is it's really time to get down to business. 

Letting his hands move off my ass he lets his fingers play for a bit as he explores. He knows that once he is on top of me that he's going to fuck me hard. Really hard. I feel his fingers exploring. Moving my mouth off his I come up to his ear. 

"Please fuck me. Right now. I am so wet for you," I beg.

Ah shit. That's it! Taking his hands he grabs my shoulders and leads me down the rug watching as I spread my legs. He loves the sight before him. Taking his body he eases between my legs once again. I lift my legs and wrap one around his waist. I am ready.

Letting go of my shoulders he reaches down and grabs his cock lining it up. He can feel my pussy trying to draw him in. He loves this moment..this feeling of delicious anticipation right before he fucks me for the first time. As he lays there between my legs he remembers something from one of our previous convos that I wanted him to do to me. Something that he knows for sure he wants to do.

Pulling back ever so slightly he keeps his hand on his cock. His eyes dart down to my pussy so open and eager for him. God this is going to take a will of strength to do but it will be worth it. But he needs my help first.

"Baby would you please hold open your lips for me? I want to tease your sweet clit with my cock," he says.

I look at him quickly. Of course I'll do it. Reaching down between my legs I gently spread open my pussy lips feeling the air hit me. I know I am exposed to him now and I love it.

He lets his eyes stay on my pussy. God damn how is he going to be able to hold back? He wants to tease me so bad but at the same time he wants to fuck me so hard. With a small expletive leaving his mouth he knows he's going to do this come hell or high water.

Taking his cock head he slowly starts rubbing it over my swollen clit feeling my juices seep onto the head. With a groan of pleasure he looks up into my eyes trying to read my emotions.

I look back at him reading his face. I can tell this is as difficult for him as it is for me. This kind of tease is almost too much to bear. I mean c'mon his cock is RIGHT there. We both know all he'd have to do is slide it right in but no it's obvious he wants to make all my fantasies come true first.

I feel my hands shaking as I keep a hold on my lips. I just want to wrap my arms around him and pull him close to me. I want him to fuck me in every position possible. I want him to be on top and me on top. I just want to bring out the full animal in him like he has done to me. As we both stare in each other's eyes he keeps on rubbing his head on my clit occasionally letting it slide down my slit. The heat from my pussy is incredible. It's really hard to hold back.

Oh fuck this! I've got to pull him close. Letting go off my lips I reach forward wrapping my arms around his shoulders pulling him down to me slowly. If he's going to play with my pussy the least I can do is having him close when he does it. He feels me pulling him close and he is so glad that I am doing this. The ability to keep teasing my clit is quickly becoming too much for him. He has to slide his cock inside me. He has to feel me grip onto him.

Fuck this. He's going to fuck me right here right now. Keeping his eyes on me he lets go off his cock and brings his hands over to my hips lifting me up to his hungry cock. He then slowly slides his cock deep inside me moaning at entry.

Using my nails I dig into his shoulders inflicting just a slight bit of pain. I don't want to be nice now. I want to be naughty. At the same time I tilt upwards just a little bit more feeling his pelvic done rub against my clit. I cry out as I start grinding against him.

"Oh fuck you are so tight," he moans.

"Yes. For you. I am," I moan back.

As we stare at each other he slowly slides his cock out almost all the way of my pussy hearing me whimper. He then slams it back home making me cry out again. God he really loves that sound. It lets him know how much he is pleasuring me. 

Feeling so much pleasure hit me I bite my lip. God this feels so fucking good. Better than I thought it would.

He smiles as he notices me biting my lip. He thinks it's so cute. It makes me look so innocent and wanton at the same time. Keeping his hands on my hips he starts thrusting his cock in and out of my pussy feeling my walls gripping on to him. He really can't believe how tight I am.

Letting go of my lips I keep a steady hold on him as I wrap my other leg around his waist. If he's going to fuck me than god damnit I am going to lock him place. Knowing I really can't focus on anything I start to close my eyes. He notices this. He doesn't want me to close my eyes. He wants to watch the emotion on my face as we make love.

"No baby don't close your eyes. Look at me darling please," he says

I open my eyes quickly and focus them back on him. I love that he wants to watch me enjoy myself with him. I find that I want to watch him too.

"There that's better. I love looking in those brown eyes," he says.

Awww. Hearing that makes me smile.

"I love having your legs around me. Makes me feel like such a animal being with you like this," he says.

"And I feel like such a sexy sultry woman being with you like this. Having your cock deep inside me," I say.

And with those words he takes them to heart. He keeps thrusting his cock inside my pussy making sure each time that his pelvic bone comes in contact with my clit. I gasp and cry out not being able to help myself. 

Together we both move like a well oiled machine with him thrusting inside of me and me grinding back. I love the feel of the rug on my back and love the sight of having him on top of me. The time ticks by as we make love. I am unaware of long we have been together but honestly I do not care.

Getting into a good rhythm he lets go off my hips and moves his hands up to my face stroking as he keeps thrusting. He knows after the amazing blowjob I gave him he won't last all night and that very soon he will be filling my pussy with his cum. God damn that thought excites him.

I rub my face against his hand occasionally kissing his palm as I keep grinding against his cock. I want him to fuck me harder though. As good as this is feeling i really want him to pound me. I want to be possessed by this thrusts. Okay I know possessed isn't the right word but it's all I can think of right now :).

Anyways back to what I was saying.

"Fuck me harder baby. Really give it to me," I say

So I want him to fuck me hard now do I? Hmm he's game but only if I'm on top of him. He really wants to get a view of my tits bouncing.

"Okay honey but you gotta get on top first. Then I really will give it to you," he says

Fuck I'm okay with that. I'll stand on my head and do a dance if he will just pound his cock into me. I want to be his plaything tonight.

"I'm game sweetheart," I say.

Now we both need that we need to untangle ourselves quickly in order to do this. I unlock my legs from around his waist and let my hands fall to my sides as I feel him slip his cock out of me while he lets go off my face. The fire licks hotly at our naked bodies as we lay there both of us so hungry for more lovemaking.

I watch as he stands up and steps back enough. My eyes run over his body letting my gaze focus on his cock. I see it shining in the dim light of the room and I lick my lips. It is so beautiful right now seeing that my juices are covered over him. He sees me staring. Damnit he can't help but smile when I do it. He loves to see my eyes glaze over when I stare at his cock. 

"Enjoying what you are seeing baby?" he asks

I smile and blush a little as I look back up into his eyes. Whoops he caught me. Knowing that I better get up so we can continue our love making I quickly stand up in front of him. I then shudder a bit when I feel the heat hit me. Honestly I don't know who's warmer right now. The room or us. 

He lets his eyes quickly run down my body again. He knows that he'll never grow tired of the image of me naked in front of him. Even though we only have this one night together he knows he'll always remember how I look.

I smile as I see him looking now. Yes I love it when he checks me out. It's very pleasing to see he approves. 

He catches me looking and he smiles back as he quickly walks over to me. Taking his arms he pulls me close to him and plants a series of kisses on my neck as he starts slowly grinding up against me. I throw my head back as I wrap my arms around his neck holding his close. I start grinding back up against him enjoying the fact that we having another one of those 'moments'.

Letting his lips feast more on my skin he lets his hands once again move down my body. He touches my back then my ass as he moves his mouth over to the other side of my neck. As he touches me he feels his cock start to ache. For a moment he wonders how in the hell we got back to this point again. Wasn't he supposed to be fucking me again right now?

"Baby weren't we supposed to be fucking?" he asks.

I hear his words but of course they are muffled. Yes I know what we both agreed to a moment ago. But I am enjoying this so much I don't want it to stop.

"Yes we are. I'm supposed to be riding your big hard cock. But I am just enjoying being in your arms right now," I respond.

Hell he can't argue with that. He's enjoying it too. Besides he knows doing this will help give him the chance to 'cool off' before he cums deep inside me. There's nothing really wrong with foreplay in between sexual encounters.

Together we slowly grind against each other our bodies moving around the room. I realize we are dancing and I just sigh. Yes this is nice. Being naked still here with him dancing once again. I could do this always.

The time goes by tickling away. I know it must be getting quite late. And honestly having him pressing up againt me like this is making me hornier. I know that now it's time to continue. I'm ready to ride him and ready to have him cum inside me.

He knows it's time to. As much as he's enjoying this he finds he's too hard and too close to cumming to continue. Taking his hands he moves them off my face.

"Let's get busy," he whispers

I nod. Moving my hands off his neck (how many times have I done this you probably wonder) I reach over grabbing his hand. I don't want to fuck him here in the living room. I want to go back to his bedroom and break in his bed properly. I turn, smile at him, and then start leading us back to the bedroom.

He feels me take his hand. This time he loves the fact that I am leading him to the bedroom this time. It's so domiant of me to be taking charge like this. It's very hot.

Together we walk back to the bedroom and I let my eyes scan over the bed again. Keeping him with me I walk over and grab the remote turning on the TV again letting the porn fill the room. I want to give us something hot to listen to as we fuck.
