 "Ouch!"

He flinched as the match he was holding burned down to his fingers. The faint scent of burned flesh mixed with the aroma of the vanilla-scented candle. At least he'd gotten the damn thing lit.

The points of dim light in their small bedroom made his shadow dance on each wall, and the wine already flowing through his system only added to the surreal environment. Rose petals littered the bed and floor, mixing with the vanilla wax in a scent that oozed sex. 

The sun wasn't down, but would be by the time she got home, and he didn't want to be caught, so to speak, with his pants down. This was a night he'd had been planning for weeks. Nothing was going to ruin it.

He knew his wife would be home by eight, and also knew he was running the risk of her being tired, or worse, upset. Her weekly get-togethers with her friends rarely amounted to anything constructive, but it was her way to release and vent. They were good friends, but significantly older, and often begrudged her her youth and good looks. And her husband.

He looked at himself in the mirror. 5'9", sandy blond hair. Not much in the way of muscles but a lanky toughness that resembled the athlete he had once been. He had actually lost weight since graduating from college, but was far from a health nut. His "lucky" boxers hugged his waist snugly. If Nichole thought he was hot, that was enough.

He checked his shave one more time and went to the freezer. The bucket of ice belched vapor when he opened the door, the opened (and sampled) bottle of wine at the ready. He checked his watch.

7:50. She had probably found the note on the seat of her car by now.

He rearranged the sampling of lingerie on the back of the couch for the umpteenth time. Surely there was something there she would be comfortable in. He personally hoped she'd choose the black one, but any would do. Hell, her flannel pajamas would do, but they weren't an option.

He scooped up his bottle of wine from the coffee table and sipped. Riesling wasn't his favorite, but it was hers. That's what mattered. She'd had a tough week ... they were all tough. Since he'd taken his new job, things hadn't been as passionate between them as they had both hoped, but he had never had a day job before, and was learning to appreciate her early mornings and 10:30 bedtimes. With any luck, they'd be in bed much earlier this Friday night.

The ring of his cell phone startled him. For a moment he considered ignoring it, and would have if her name hadn't popped up on the caller ID. 

"Hello?"

"What's this all about?"

"Just follow the directions."

"What are you doing."

"Just do it, I'll see you in a few minutes."

"You're crazy. All right, bye."

"Bye."

He knew the tone in that voice. Tired, but curious and in a good mood. He thought of her breezing down the road with the top down on her convertible, her sassy "car hat" pulled down tight over her ears. He smiled.

He went back to the fridge one more time and pulled the tray of chocolate-covered strawberries from the top shelf. They weren't part of her diet, strictly speaking, but he didn't care. Frankly, he could have cared less if she ate a single one. He considered them more visual foreplay than anything.

He dimmed the lights and carried the wine and strawberries to the bedroom, where he shut the door. He flopped down on the bed and tried to relax. So much preparing for something that a couple married a year and a half usually did without thinking. And that was the problem.

Involuntarily, his penis twitched in his boxers. Lord, he was getting hard just thinking about it. He closed his eyes and reached into his pants, gripping his member. Damn, his hand was cold. He knew she hated that. Well, no better place to warm them up.

The relaxation was shattered by the rumble of the garage door and the grinding of tires on the gravel driveway. Shit, she must have flown. He wondered if she was feeling excited at that moment, too. Had she been feeling her own wetness as she drove home? Probably not, but the thought made him even harder.

He heard the front door open, and a soft "Huh?" as she obviously spied the buffet of unmentionables spread out on the back of the couch. Then he heard a full-out laugh. 

"Where are you?!"

"Just get dressed!"

"I am dressed!"

"Undressed then!"

The thump of shoes and the rustle of clothes told him she was playing along. Good girl.

The rustling stilled. He knew she was looking at the lingerie, some of which had been wedding shower gifts, worrying about what would fit. It was a battle she waged with herself constantly, one that he knew he couldn't fight for her. The truth was, though she might have gained a few pounds in the past 18 months, she was still beautiful and knew exactly how to use what she had. Firm, smooth legs. Perky breasts of the perfect size. And the sweetest honeypot any man could ever hope to lay eyes - or tongue - on. 

The rustling resumed, followed by footsteps. He rearranged on the bed to hide his erection, but the footsteps continued past the bedroom to the bathroom. He heard water run and the soft "psst" of perfume. A good sign.

The water stopped and he heard the doorknob begin to turn. She peeked around the door, a single eye glistening in the candlelight. A spill of shoulder-length red hair showed itself, and then a bare foot, leg and knee. She opened the door wider, and his breath caught.

She was most definitely playing along.

It was the black number, all right. It seemed whenever that one came out, it was a night to remember. She turned around and shut the door, the bottom of her smooth ass visible just under the sheer silk. A spaghetti strap slipped off one shoulder. Not as tight as she thought, apparently.

She turned back around and flashed a coy smile that made him beam. She stood there, toeing at the carpet as if she didn't know what to do next.

"Come here, beautiful," he said.

She walked over to him as he sat up on the edge of the bed. He grabbed the empty wineglass and filled it from the bottle. The he topped off his own glass.

"Surprise."

The beginnings a smirk appeared at the corner of her mouth.

"You must want something," she said in a soft voice, taking a long drink of the wine.

"You got that right. I've been thinking about you all week."

"At least he last five minutes," she said, looking down at his stretched boxers. The look on her face wasn't coy any more.

With that, she leaned over him and pulled him into a deep, passionate kiss. He could see her breasts sway in the loose fabric, two perfect globes of flesh in the candlelight. God, he wanted to run his hands over them. But first things first. 

He wrapped his arms around her waist as their tongues explored one another, caressing her back and letting them slip down over her ass. He pulled her closer, needing to feel her body against his. 

But she pulled away, taking another swig of the Riesling.

"You think it's that easy?" she said. Coyness had been replaced by a wickedness that only he got to see. She paced a few feet away from him, tapping the wineglass with a fingernail. "You think you can sweep me off my feet with candles and wine and ... woah, strawberries."

The forgotten tray was on the bed, he picked one up and bit into it, letting the sweet chocolate and tang of berry roll on his tongue. 

"They're pretty good, want one?"

"I want that one."

"Sorry, it's mine."

Swiftly she was on him, straddling his knees and locking her mouth to his. She sucked the half-eaten berry straight out of his mouth and chewed it up.

"I SAID I want that one."

He picked up another one, but instead of eating it he brushed it along the slope of one of her breasts. The chocolate left a brown streak on her skin, and he leaned forward and slowly licked it off. 

"And I want that one."

Their battle of wills was stirring his erection again, but with her on top of him there was only one place for it to go. He stiffened against the thin material of the thong panties, and she shut her eyes and moaned.

"And I want that one," she said through parted lips.

From that moment on, the strawberries were forgotten. She pushed him over backward on the bed and slid up until she was on her knees, straddling him. His cock was still rubbing firmly against her still-covered mound, and he rocked to accentuate the feeling. She took one last sip of wine and put the glass on the bedside table.

In a flash the boxers were off and she was kneeling to the side of him, caressing his stomach and licking small circle around his left nipple. He closed his eyes and stretched his legs out, letting his hard on laze freely on his stomach. 

Suddenly a warm, firm grip enveloped his penis and second later the silky warmth of her mouth engulfed it. He knew she liked going down on him, even if she didn't do it very often, but he had no idea she liked it this much. 

Her head bobbed up and down as her hand gripped the base of his shaft tightly. The other hand massaged his boys, a move she'd been late trying but swift at perfecting. A moan escaped his mouth as she took him in particularly deep. God, she gave great head.

After the first wave of sensation passed, his hands began to move toward her, first caressing her leg, then moving up to the hem of the short nightie. He massaged her ass, and gently pulled her toward him by hooking his finger under the waistband. Why not double the pleasure?

She shifted her weight until she was parallel with him, never wavering from his penis. She raised up to her knees and allowed him to pull the thong down to her knees, then balanced on one knee and then the other as he pulled them off her legs, all the while never breaking contact with his penis. The girl should have been a fucking ballerina.

In her position, the nightie did nothing to cover her lower body, and he could clearly see her glistening vagina in the candlelight. It seemed to beg for attention, so he pulled her over to him, and she carefully lifted her left leg up and over his head, so her wetness was right over his face. He cupped her ass cheeks and pulled her down to his waiting mouth.

"God, baby!" It was the first time she'd stopped sucking on him, and he was thankful for the break. Much more of that and he'd be through before he began. Before she could regain her composure, he dove between her legs, running his tongue up and down the outer lips, loving the taste of her. Her scent washed over him as he parted her lips and began to lick her deeper inside. She gripped his thighs and arched her back.

"Holy shit, baby."

He still said nothing, only caressing her ass with his hands and devouring her with his tongue. He teased her hot spot with the tip of his tongue, knowing the reaction.

"Aaaaaaah!"

He liked the sound of that. 

She returned to his penis, if only half-heartedly. She was using her hand more and was obviously preoccupied with what he was doing to her. He focused in more on her clit, swirling his tongue around it, and gently slid his hands up and down the crack of her ass, pausing nowhere but providing extra sensation nevertheless.

Her handling of his penis had become erratic now, and he paused for just a moment.

"It's OK, this is for you."

"Thank youuuuu.." she moaned, and placed her hands out wide to the sides. She was moaning now, and he was giving all his attention to her swollen bud.

"Oh shit, this is a big one!"

He could feel her pussy tighten over his mouth and nose as she began to rock back and forth, groaning inaudibly and clenching the bedspread.

"Ohhhhh, God baby, I'm cumming!"

With that she spasmed and ground herself down on his face, hot juices washing over his mouth and down his cheeks. He gripped her ass firmly, steadying her as she swayed over him. Finally she came off her high and rolled to he side, a panting mass of orgasmic bliss.

He rolled over and wiped his mouth with the back of his hand. She tasted so good.

She rolled over on her back and looked up at him with a look of amazement.

"Your turn," she said.

"Don't you need a minute?"

"I just need you."

She stood up and pulled the nightie off her body, finally exposing her rock-hard nipples. He stood up as well and walked behind her, running his hands up and down her body. His penis restiffened, thumping merrily on her lower back. He loved the feel of her skin, especially her breasts.

"How do you want to do it?" she asked, knowing the answer.

He wasn't in a state to mince words. He kissed her neck and pressed himself more firmly against her.

"Like this."

She leaned over and placed both hands on the bed, then she put her knees on the edge of the mattress. He stayed behind her, fondling her breasts. Expertly, she reached between her legs and grabbed his erection, guiding it towards her soaking vagina.

He had to control himself as he entered, and they both nearly screamed in ecstasy. He took it slow at first, feeling the contours of her, but then quickened his pace when the angle became just right. He continued to massage her breasts with one hand and moved the other down to her clit, stimulating all of her zones at once. 

"Jesus baby, you're amazing," he said. She only whimpered in response.

When her breathing quickened to the point of no return, he knew he should stop. He pulled out and she looked desperately over her shoulder.

"What's the matter?"

"I want to see you."

She rolled over and scooted up on the bed. He crawled up to her and in one smooth motion was back inside, gliding in and out like her vagina was a glove. 

There was no waiting now as the pace quickened to a frenzy of flesh, their tongues, arms and legs intertwined as their breathing became ragged and the soft light intensified to a blinding brilliance. 

"Ooooohhhhhhh, I love you!"

"I... love ... you...," he said between thrusts.

Suddenly the warm, slightly numb feeling in his groin began to spread to his lower belly. With one final thrust he came, his body rigid as his erupted into his wife, fucking her deeper than he had ever thought possible. She, in turn, was sent over the edge, locking her ankles behind his head and digging her nails into his back.

"Unnnnnnngghhhhhhh!"

"AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHGOOOOOODDDDD!"

He lay on top of her, both temporarily blacked out. The strawberries were in a pile at the foot of the bed, the overturned tray was on the floor. Their sweat and fluids collected between them and on the bed, but neither seemed to mind. 

Eventually they both sat up and shared the rest of the bottle of wine. They fed each other strawberries and talked, often taking time to make out and fondle one another, though after a long week and a fantastic fuck, neither of them had the energy for another go. 

When the playfulness turned to cuddling, he stood up and walked around the room, blowing out the candles one by one. He turned in the light of the final small tea-light and looked at his naked wife, dozing on the bed. 

"We still got it, sweetie," he whispered to himself.

Then he blew out the candle and climbed in bed.