 It has been months of chatting and erotic emails between you and I and  we finally decide to meet and get what we both have been yearning for.  We decide to meet at the Golden Gate Hotel giving our significant others some lame excuse for the take of leave.  I am dressed really casual with a pair of jeans and an ivory thin long sleeve shirt,  you on the other hand are more afraid of being spotted by friends or family and are wearing a silk scarf around ur head, a casual floral dress, casual turquoise blouse and dark large framed sunglasses made for intimate , discreet encounters.  You are nervous and extremely turned on at the same time knowing in a few minutes your new found lover is in the vicinity and ready to make sweet, sweet love to you.  I spot you remembering the picture you sent in your email 2 months ago.  I memorized it from looking at your picture for the past 2 months every day anticipating when will I get to meet and touch this wonderful being.  I slowly walk over and then realize "Oh my god!" it's really him and we are finally going to meet!  You feel giddy like a schoolgirl getting asked for a date for the first time.

     I  come over and say "Hi,  at last we meet,  I have waited patiently for this day and I am so glad you and I are here".  You grab me and give me a big hug as if we were friends for eternity and parted for a long period of time.  I feel your breasts through your thin blouse and immediatly feel a rush in my groin.  I pull you closer around your hips so that I can feel you ass with both my palms clenching and pulling even tighter.  I hear you coo lightly expressing your pent up passion ready to explode on me.  You take my hand and hastily go after the entrance of the hotel.  I ask for a small room but they tell me that they are out of small rooms since it was a Friday night,  so I pay a little more for a slightly larger room.  I grip your hand a little more tightly making sure that you will not want to change your mind and have second thoughts and leave.  

     I go back out to my car to grab a few things such as the bottle of wine and other condiments for our escapade.  We arrive at our room on the second floor and I open the door.  You give me an adoring look as I do the same to you,  and we both take in one deep breath and step into the room.  I put down my things and take off your sunglasses and scarf,  "My god!"  You are more stunning than your pictures and I fall into your green eyes as if they were cursed emeralds from an eqyptian tomb.  You ask me "What?!,  Whaaat?!?!" It take me a second to compose myself and then tell you "You are absolutely gorgeous!!"  You smile and blush at the comments and graciously thank me.  I slowly reach over to your soft hair and pull your face close to mine and our lips touch for the very first time.  How I longed for this day,  it feels so right ,  your soft lips are slowly massaging my lips and vice versa.  After a brief 2 minutes I suggest we take a shower first.  You hesitate but I tell you that it is all right and that we both are consenting adults who know what we want.  

     I slowly take off your blouse unbuttoning from the top down exposing your black lace bra.  My fingertips are touching the front of your chest sending little shockwaves of passion throughout your body.  You unfasten your bra to expose your beautiful breasts to me.  I am quite taken by your emmaculate breasts and decide I can not resist but to touch , caress and kiss them.  You throw your head back feeling the passion and the gentle attention your breast are recieving.  I pull down your dress revealing your black lace underwear and garters holding up your traditional jet black stockings.  I slowly touch your groin area on the outside of the lace and it is hot and moist from all the stimuli I have given your breasts.  You are now a little more exited and daring ,  so you deide to take off my shirt and give me a little teeth biting on my nipples and a long lick from my chest straight down to my belly button.  I say "Let's get showered first!" and take off your panties exposing your neatly trimmed pubic area,  I get you on the bed to take off your stockings and garters all together.  I quickly strip down to my bare and take your hand leading you to the bathroom. 

    I step in first and test the water temperature first before asking you to join me.  I make sure that you are wet all over before soaping up your body.  As I work up a lather in my hands your hands roam down to my couch teasingly and I jump not expecting that at all.  I say "Stop!  We have plenty of time for that later"  I soap you up and its feels so nice to lather your body , especially the breasts where I lather up and pinch your nipples when my fingertips slip for the perfect slope of your body.  You are getting more and more turned on anticipating every touch I give you and every stoke of my hand on your slippery wet body.  I decide that I want to wash your hair so I make sure your hair gets wet and I pour obscene amounts of shampoo and lather up your hair.  I tell you to sit down in the tub and close your eyes and enjoy a long scalp massage.  Each finger applying pressure on all the right spots on your head making you feel relaxed and oh so good!  After 15 minutes of scalp massage,  we rinse off your hair and condition it with a shorter massage with a rinse.  You decide you want to lather me and clean me,  I oblige without contest. 

    You lather up the soap and rub my body with hugs and getting soap on yourself also,  your body feels so good up against mine slipping and sliding all over.  You wash my lower area and I feel your hot slippery hands on my member and I get flushed and can't help but to kiss and bite lightly on your shoulder.  I say "We better finish this up or I am gonna explode",  so we rinsed each other off and then towel dried each other with the exception of your hair still being wet. "It's hot!!" you tell me,  so I turn on the air conditioner.  I grab you from behind and kiss and lick your neck and earlobes,  geting a giggle from you I hold on even tighter and kiss harder and wetter.  You are so turned on while I being behind you feeling your buttocks on my cock making me hard as a diamond.  Then, all of a sudden!!  I hear something and so do you!!  "Stop!!  Shhh!" 

     The adjoining door from room to room,  there is someone  screaming!  a lady!  and I hear some type of striking or hitting. "Should we call the cops?"  I put my naked body up against the adjoing door with my ear stuck up against the door.  You come behind and and push hard against my body trying to listen in also,  then....
"....is that moaning?"  I whispered into your ear.  "I think so........"  you whisper back.  "FOREPLAY!  Damn that was foreplay!"  You giggle and say "I think you are right!"  We both listen closer and hear the joys of extacy between the two lovers occasionally hearing a slap and the headboard slamming up against the wall.  "Must be into that SM stuff"  I tell you,  and you agree.  This was really turning us on,  all the sneakyness and voyeurism.  


We begin to kiss again but this time with more passion and eagerness.  I push you onto the bed and kiss you ferociously while running my hands up and down your body feeling every inch of skin.  You kiss me back harder and scratch your nails down my back and biting my chest.  I grope both breasts each in one hand and suckle on your left breast while flicking your right breast with 2 fingers,  taking a small peek at your face,  your enjoying this very much and much to my surprise,  I see you rubbing your clit with your right hand.  I grab your hand and bring it to my mouth to taste you.  You seemed to be really turned on by this!  I kiss down to your belly and down to the left side of your thigh,  I lightly lick the side of your outter lip teasing both sides and occasionally licking the area between your anus and lower vagina.  This is driving you nuts and you beg for more!!  I decided enough is enough and went straight for the clitoris.  Licking straight up with my wet tongue,  you actually lash from the feeling of my tongue pressing on you most sensative of areas.  I surround your clit with my wet lips while my tongue continues to diddle up and down and my head going in small clockwise circles.  The feeling is amazing and like a second instinct you grab my right thigh and position yourself to face my penis.  I feel your hot , wet lips engulf my penis and gives me more insentive to work harder to make you feel even more exitement!!  It's like a battle to see who can make the other feel more pleasure,  the harder you work at making me feel pleasure the harder I do.  It's like an infinity of pleasure between two bodies but eventually I feel you tensing up ready for an orgasm.  I hear you moan with my penis ramming into your mouth just as you cum....  I taste the juices flowing and its wonderful.  My face is being covered with the slippery matter coming from you and this is getting me so exited that I can not hold it in, hearing you moan so loud has made me go to the point of no return.  I unload what seems to be a half cup of seamen into your mouth and you can not accomodate the spunk and much of it spills onto the sheets. 

     I hug your thigh and you hug mine as we both have to take a breather.  I get up get a pair of shorts on and go get ice for the wine.  I get the ice along with some Coca Cola cans because I bought some rum earlier to mix.  We take another quick rinse and sit naked on the bed watching some television, sipping wine and drinking some rum and coke.  We chat about our lives,  not getting too personal....  our desires and dreams.  We are a little tipsy after 2 hours of drinking and chatting,  you become more amorous and giveme a little lick.  I can not resist you,  but before I can make my move you already pounced on me like a lioness after its prey.  Your heavy kissing is driving me nuts and I feel around your buttocks to feel your vagina is already soaking wet as yu rub your body all over mine I feel pleasure I have never felt before.  I can feel your clit rubbing up against my middle pelvic area right below my belly button and I feel your juices overflowing and soaking my pubic hair.  One quick movement and my penis has entered your vagina with ease,  both of us did not expect it and didn't even have time to worry about protection.  We were both lost in the pit of exctasy and there was no way out!!  You were so wet, warm and welcoming , I did not know what to do but enjoy your sweet,tight vagina.  I felt your vagina easing up as I sucked on your breasts as if it was the last time I would see you!!
I knew your were nearing climax and made me feel more pressure know I had to satisfy your climax before I pulled out for mine.  Faster and faster you pumped on top of me, milking me hard and without concern.  Oh god,  I don't know if I can hold out any longer!!  but for you!!  I will try my best,  you begin to scream as you come!! "Oh baby!! This is soooo goood!!!"  I scream "get off me !  get off me!! I'm gonna come!!" you reply "NO! I CAN"T THIS IS TOO GOOD!! OOOHHH!!!!  YES!!!  UGHHH!!"  "OH GOD!!"  I exclaimed..... I could not hold it anymore I pumped and pumped all my liquid into you.  Even after that you were relentless and did not get off until I was practically falling out of you in a flacid state.  I stared into your beautiful eyes as you looked at me and said "Darling,  that was wonderful". 

    I was speechless and exhausted from a 2 hour prelude to what I am hoping to be reality and many more stories to come........

Wait for part 2 "The Next Morning"