 My husband and I had been fooling around with another couple for months. I had been alone with them several times now and the four of us had played together more than once.

My husband's job sent him out of town, sometimes for months at a time and this time I was left alone for the whole summer. At the same time Josh's job changed his schedule and he started working night shifts. He was gone from 5pm to 5am 3 nights a week and Shell was left at home to fend for herself. One such Friday night she and I decided to go out and have a little fun without the boys.

I have some pretty dresses and I do try to look presentable all the time, but I have never been very interested in doing anything time consuming with my hair or makeup. Shell just loved to dress me up like a doll. She spent over an hour curling my blonde hair and painting my face with what seemed to me a ridiculous amount of eyeshadows and fancy brushes. I glanced in the mirror and hardly recognized my reflection, but I had to admit I looked smoking hot.

We went to our favorite bar and we drank way too much and danced until we were exhausted and sweaty. I love the way she moves when she dances. I wish I could be so graceful. The lights on the dance floor reflected off the specks of glitter in her makeup and she looked angelic. I hardly noticed any man that spoke to me. I was too proud to be on the arm of this gorgeous girl, even if everyone who saw us together likely assumed we were nothing more than friends.

We ran into some friends of my husband, who invited us to tag along to the next bar they were going to and we hopped in their cab, before asking where exactly we were going. Minutes later we pulled up in front of a strip club.

This was the first time Shell had ever been to one and she was less amused than I was. She likes to be the center of attention you see. That's why she and I are closer than any other female friend she has ever had. I give her the kind of attention that she is used to only getting from men. I knew she didn't have any interest in watching other women dance around and get all the attention, but we were already here and there was no turning back.

The boys that work with my husband disappeared immediately to a private table and I pulled Shell over to seats right next to the stage. She ordered a fruity little drink and I begged her to tolerate just a couple dances before she begged to leave and she begrudgingly accepted. The first girl on the stage was a little too skinny for my taste, but she was pretty. She came out in a nurse's costume and wiggled and giggled her way out of it. She was left in a neon pink thong and black nipple tassels that she spun around to the delight of the many men in the room. Shell did not look amused. The dancer wound up on the floor gyrating and lifting and spreading her long tan legs. Eventually, she crawled over to us and asked what two beautiful girls were doing unescorted in such a place. I motioned to the table of drunk idiots who had brought us here. They were now surrounded by happy cocktail waitresses and private dancers, who were keeping them company and being rewarded handsomely for doing so.

She laughed and shook her head. "Those boys are in here every week, I don't know why they'd abandon you two gorgeous ladies for us, but I'm glad to have you to myself!" She reached out for Shell's hand and pulled her right up onto the stage with her. A bouncer appeared and placed a chair on the stage and Shell sat down. She was finally laughing and smiling, thrilled to be the center of attention again. She looked right at home in the spotlight. The sequins in her pink dress reflected the light like a thousand stars and the nearly nude dancer started dancing around her like she was a prop. She kissed her neck and ran her fingers through her long hair. She slid the thin straps of her dress off of her shoulders and honked her boobs. Shell couldn't seem to stop giggling. She sat in Shell's lap, her legs spread around her and did something I would describe as a slow back hand spring off of her, ending up in a handstand at her feet. Her long legs spread wide just below Shell's face. The crowd was going crazy. Throwing money from all around. I was loving the show, proud that Shell was enjoying herself.

The dancer crawled back up to Shell and pulled the neck of her dress out a little, getting a peek at her huge tits. I was jealous, I never got to enjoy them without one of the boys around. And then, to my surprise, she buried her face in her bosom. She came up with a blue heart shaped sticker between her teeth and Shell turned a lovely shade of pink. She had worn little pasties instead of a bra since her dress was strapless and backless and the stripper had removed one with her mouth!!

Shell was pretty thoroughly embarrassed, but she was still smiling. The dancer helped her back off the stage and disappeared back behind the curtain. Shell and I had one more drink before calling a cab to take us back to her house.

They don't have a guest bedroom and I was too drunk to drive home, so she invited me to share her bed and I accepted. We stripped out of our sparkly dresses to sleep in our underwear. It's funny that even though we've done some dirty dirty things together, when we were alone together I felt like she didn't really want me to be attracted to her. It was like for her, that was a fun show she liked to put on for her boyfriend and without the audience she wasn't interested. I had to try not to be turned on when she unzipped her dress and I could see the one remaining blue pasty covering her left nipple.

We were both drunk, and I have a tendency to say whatever's on my mind, so when we crawled into bed I promptly admitted I was dying to snuggle her. She told me I was crazy, but she said I could. She was on her side facing away from me and I pulled her against me, spooning her from behind. At first I just draped my arm over her and I felt her arm under it. When I felt her relax and start to get comfortable, I couldn't help but move my hand to see what she might let me get away with. I had always had Josh or Cameron waiting for his turn, when I had other chances to experiment with her. This time, I wanted to see what fun we could have alone and I had enough liquid courage to try it.

I started by running my fingers lightly over her arms. Gently brushing my fingers over hers and intertwining them. She grasped them back, just enough to encourage me to keep going. I pulled the blanket off of us and began running my hand down the side of her body from her shoulder down her slim waist and to her hip and thigh. I gathered her long hair and pulled it toward me and gently kissed the nape of her neck. I could smell her sweet floral perfume still, but her skin tasted salty from the heat and sweat of the dancing we had done most of the night.

I whispered into her ear that she could stop me if she wanted too, and she just nodded her head. I took that as approval and I kept going. I slipped my hand under her arm and cupped her left breast while I gently nibbled on her ear. I squeezed all of her breast that I could fit in my hand, and gently pinched and twisted her nipple. Her breathing was getting more labored. I felt her chest heave under my touch and she pushed her perfect round ass against my pelvis, as she arched her back in pleasure. Little whimpers were escaping her lips as I kissed and lightly licked my way down from her ear to her shoulder.

I sat up a little and pulled her shoulder toward me leaving her on her back and mostly underneath me. I slid one of my legs between hers and reveled in the amazing feeling of her smooth shaved legs against mine. I buried both my hands in her hair, massaging her scalp and stared at her beautiful face. Her eyes were closed, but she looked completely at ease and had completely surrendered to whatever I might do to her. My hands still in her hair, I buried my face in her tits. They are so soft and warm and smooth. I love the way they feel against my tongue. I sucked one small hard nipple into my mouth and sucked lightly on it, while gently flicking and circling its center with my tongue. She let out a little moan. I was so wet just knowing that it was me and only me that was giving her such pleasure.

I pulled my hands back to her breasts and caressed them both gently, working over one nipple with my hand while the other remained in my mouth. I switched my mouth to the other breast, and my fingers moved to the other, still wet from my saliva. With one leg I slowly worked her legs apart and my thigh was now slowly grinding against her panties.

She finally started to touch me. Her hands found my shoulders and my scalp and she gently caressed me while I slowly worked my way back and forth across her chest. I crawled all the way on top of her and spread her legs wide so I could fit my body between them. I started squeezing her boobs just a little bit harder and gently biting her nipples and her moans and whimpers grew louder and more frequent. Her back arched and her hips writhed underneath me.

I crawled back up her body to her beautiful face and finally kissed her. She always surrenders to my kissing, I think she's way more straight than me, but she can still appreciate the beauty of kissing another woman. Both our lips are soft and supple and taste of the mixture of flavors of our lip gloss. There's no prickly stubble, like men always have and there's there's no urgency. Kissing her and touching her was more like a soft and slow massage than the groping and making out that happened when I was with a man. I loved every second of it.

With one hand I reached down between her legs and found that she was dripping wet. Her panties were soaked and I felt a huge rush of self satisfaction that I did that to her all on my own. I pulled at the sides, trying to wriggle them off her, while I still kissed her. She reached down herself and swiftly slid them down her hips and legs and flung them off onto the floor with her foot.

I was on my side against her and she was on her back now. I buried my face in her neck and her hair again, kissing her and sucking and nibbling every inch I could reach, but I also pulled her closest leg between mine and slipped my hand into the soft wet petals of her pussy. I had never really spent much time exploring her down there. The boys did most of that work, I wasn't sure I could please her like that, but I was determined to try. The thigh of her left leg was between my legs and I pressed it firmly against my own pussy, grinding against it almost unknowingly while my hand explored the silky folds of her pussy. With two fingers, I circled over her clit and she shuddered. With the encouragement of her gasping and moaning I kept my fingers right there, tapping gently and pulsing over her throbbing clit. Meanwhile I grinded my pelvis harder against her thigh and I could feel an orgasm building. I took half a second to grab her hand and press it to my own breast before returning mine to her cunt. She obeyed my silent command and caressed and squeezed my breast, while I grinded my clit against her thigh. I have never cum like that before, without any form of penetration, with my panties still in place, but I felt an orgasm build and crest and my whole body rocked. My face buried in her fragrant hair, I involuntarily let out something between a moan and a sigh and collapsed for a moment while my whole body tingled with pleasure. Her fingers still expertly worked over my nipples, but she laughed a little. "Did you cum just from that?"

I nodded and chuckled. It took me a moment to compose myself, but when I did I pushed her back onto her back and positioned myself on top of her. I started kissing my way down her body from her neck, to her breasts, her stomach, and finally the crease of where her thigh met her hip. I pushed her legs wide apart and she made a little noise of protest. We had never tried this before, when all our experimenting had begun she had said that she didn't want to eat each other out and I had agreed, but now...now I desperately longed to try it.

She tried to squeeze her legs back together, "I really want to. Just close your eyes. relax, and let me try, if it's too weird I'll stop" I pleaded. She hesitated, but she nodded in response and started to relax her legs, letting me push them wide again. I started kissing her inner thigh, one leg and then the other. I could feel her body starting to relax and her legs opening wider, giving me full access to her most intimate place. I started trailing my tongue over the lips and in each little crease. I breathed in her sweet scent, as I started kissing around her clit. I started with soft light strokes with my tongue and worked up to long deep laps at the center of her pleasure and I could hear little whimpers of happiness escape her lips. I licked and probed every inch of her pussy. I loved the way the silky wet skin of her vagina felt in my mouth. I loved the way she squirmed every time I found her clit.

My hands had been on her inner thighs holding them open, but she was completely surrendered to me now, so I started to use my hands to touch her as well. I slipped one finger inside her, while I lapped at her clit and she started to moan. I could hardly believe that my actions could get her so wet. Her juices were dripping down onto the sheets below me. I added a second finger and started slowly curling them upward, making a "come hither" motion and she started to squirm her hips and her breathing quickened. Still licking her clit, I worked a third finger inside her and started pumping them in and out. She was panting and gasping, and with every thrust I got deeper inside her. She was gripping the sheets at her hips and she was holding her legs as far apart for me as she could and pushing her pelvis into my face and into my hand. She was making noises I hadn't even heard her make the times I had watched Josh eat her out. She cried out and I felt her cum. Her sweet juices flooded my mouth and I licked up every drop of her. I felt the most marvelous sense of accomplishment that I could do that for her.

I lay down beside her again and pulled her head to rest on my breast and gently ran my fingers through her beautiful hair as she fell asleep and soon so did I.

A few hours later, I heard the door to the house open and Josh was home. Shell slept soundly as he came up the stairs, but I stared at the door, eager to see his face when he found us, completely naked, our legs and bodies intertwined in his bed. He stood in the doorway admiring the view of our bodies in the moonlight as he slowly took off all of his clothes. He stared into my eyes the whole time. I could feel the heat of his lust from across the room.

He crawled over our bodies from the foot of the bed, and Shell finally woke up. He kissed her, but she pulled away from him and moved away from us both to the empty side of the bed. She mumbled that she didn't want to have anymore sex and pulled the blanket up over her body. Josh pleaded with her, and she finally said, "Maybe Abby will, I'm too tired."

"You'd be ok with that? She and I without you?" he whispered, his hand lovingly running the length of her body.

"It's fine. Have fun" She said matter-of-factly and started to fall back to sleep.

He turned to look at me and I nodded nervously. He knew damn well that I loved fucking him, but it wasn't something we had ever spoken aloud. We both pretended that it was only Shell that I was interested in and he was just an accessory of hers that I didn't mind playing with, but we both knew there was something fiery hot between us that we left unspoken for Shell and my husband's sake. We had certainly never had an opportunity to be alone together, and we had both thought we never would.

He crawled over me and stood next to the bed and reached out for my hand. I gave it to him and he pulled me out of bed and led me down the stairs to the living room. Neither of us wore a stitch of clothing and being naked in the hallways and living room of someone else's home was strangely exciting. My stomach was in knots. I didn't know how I was supposed to act alone with him.

He stopped behind the couch and turned to face me and I was about to ask how we should proceed, I got out half the word "how" before he put his hand on my shoulder and pushed me to my knees. His already rock hard cock was in my mouth before I could get out the rest of my sentence. It was an excellent solution to the awkward moment that might have existed. He pushed himself deep into my throat too fast and I gagged, but I wrapped my hand around the base of his shaft until I was ready to take all of him again. I sucked hard and long and deep, the way I knew he loved it and he pulled and twisted my hair in his fingers grunting and moaning as quietly as he could manage, so we wouldn't wake Shell. With my throat more relaxed, I worked him deep into my mouth and before long he announced that he was cumming and moved his hands from my head, so I could pull away and he could come on my tits. I think I surprised him by continuing to suck and bob up and down on his dick, until he exploded in my mouth. I had been wanting to taste his cum from the first time I helped Shell suck him off, but she always had that honor. It was the best I'd ever tasted, because it had no taste at all. It just felt like my mouth had been flooded with hot warm flavorless liquid and I swallowed every drop and licked him clean.

He has this unbelievable talent of cumming over and over and over again without even loosing his erection, so I knew there was plenty more to come. He pulled me up to standing again by my hair and kissed me hard. I wondered if he could taste himself in my mouth, but he didn't hesitate to expertly probe my mouth with his until my knees felt weak. He is perhaps the best kisser I have ever had the pleasure of kissing and I loved the freedom of being able to melt completely into him without trying to pretend I wasn't enjoying it "too much". He turned my head and whispered in my ear, "You give the best head I have ever gotten."

Before I could even process that complement he turned my whole body around and bent me over the back of the couch. I expected him to pound into me immediately, but he didn't. He left me there, with my ass in the air and my pussy exposed and waiting for him for the longest few seconds of my life, while he put on a condom. When i thought I couldn't stand another second of suspense, I felt his hand grasp my hip and then he used his other to guide his thick dick slowly into me. I let out too loud of a moan as he penetrated me and he shushed me. I put my hand over my own mouth, just incase any more involuntary noises threatened to escape me and he worked his cock in and out of my dripping wet hole. He moved slowly at first, working deeper and deeper with every thrust and when he had buried himself up to the base of his shaft, he started to move faster. I tilted my hips up giving his access to the depths of my body and I braced myself with the hand that wasn't covering my mouth and tried to meet every thrust. I could feel his balls slap against my clit as he fucked me from behind and I had orgasm after orgasm and he pounded into me, until I could no longer support myself with my legs and I surrendered to him, no longer able to match his powerful thrusts. I felt his sweat drip onto my back and he grunted and sputtered and fucked me harder and faster until I finally felt him burst inside me.

He was still for a moment, basking in the glow of his orgasm. Then he pulled out and told me to get on the coffee table on my back. It took more strength than I knew I had to stand on my wobbly legs, but I walked around the couch to the coffee table and I laid down on it, only my calves dangling off the edge. The cold solid wood was shocking on my hot and sweaty skin, but it felt good. He pushed my legs open and knelt between them at the end of the table. He gripped my thighs and pulled my whole body toward him, so that my hips were just at the edge of the table, my sopping wet cunt pressed against his stomach. I could feel his still hard dick against my ass as he took a moment to explore my torso with his hands and mouth. He kissed and sucked and lightly bit my nipples, while he squeezed and massaged my breasts. I arched my back in pleasure and wrapped my legs tight around his body. He kissed my neck and nibbled my ear lobes, while I ached to have him inside me again.
