 Hours passed after Lana had left Dale alone in his office. The midday light had faded away into the darkness of the late night. The building had emptied out for the most part, the few that remained were those working over time, putting in the extra time to finish up on projects or reports that had deadlines coming up really soon.

Dale sat in his office, working on one such report. His desk was littered with empty bags and wrappers from various junk food items he had gotten out of the vending machine to snack on. An empty coffee mug sat among the trash, having been refilled and emptied many times over the last few hours.

He sighed softly as he leaned back in his chair and glanced at the clock on his computer screen. The time displayed on it showed that it was almost midnight. He felt exhausted and worn down. His tie was loosened and he had popped a couple of the top buttons on his shirt, with his work jacket hanging off the back of his chair. He ran his hand through his hair for a minute before just sighing again. The reports he had been working on was complete and just needed to be printed out. 

As he leaned back in his chair, his thoughts wandered to the events from earlier in the day. He glanced at the clock again and wondered if Lana was actually going to come back like she said she would. It still hadn't fully registered for him that it had happened at all. Not only did he find out that the woman he had been lusting over from Tumblr was the secretary of his boss, but the fact that she had given him a blowjob after she had been found out, still made his head spin.

"What a hell of a day..." He said softly before sitting back up in his seat.

As he sat up, the door of his office opened and Lana walked into the room. She gave him a small polite smile before closing the door once more and just stood in front of it, with her hands resting behind her back.

"Still here huh?" She said with a giggle, giving him a knowing look. "Are those reports ready? Boss needs them tomorrow."

"Yes, they are done. Just need to be printed out."

"Good. That's excellent." Lana smiled at him before dropping silent. She stayed like that for a few moments before speaking again. "So, about earlier..."

"I was wondering if we were going to talk about that. I honestly was starting to wonder if you were going to actually come back here like you said."

"Well, you should know by now from us interacting on Tumblr that I am a lady of my word." A playful smirk crossed her lips before she put her serious face back on. "But seriously, earlier, I'm not entirely sure what came over me. I don't usually... act like that... I just got caught up in the moment and by the sight of your cock." Her face turned red in embarrassment and her eyes glanced to the side, as if she was a little conflicted.

"I see." Dale got up and moved to stand in front of his desk, his arms crossing over his chest. "Well that's good to know then. Makes me feel rather special." He then got a small smirk of his own on his lips as he looked at her. "So tell me then, did you come down here just for the reports or did you come down here to make good on your word and have your favor from earlier repaid?"

"Both." She smiled at him, the playful side of her returning after Dale's bold words. She locked the door behind her with a loud click and then giggled. "You're eager to do just that aren't you?

"Yes, yes I am," he replied.

Dale smirked as he walked over to her and grabbed her by the waist, just looking into her eyes. Her eyes looked back up at him, a mixture of uncertainty but also excitement in her eyes. He then lowered his mouth next to hers, only an inch of space between them. 

"Unless you changed your mind about wanting to be repaid," he said in a soft whisper. 

Lana just lightly shook her head and Dale took that as his cue. His lips moved to press on hers, kissing her deeply. His body pushed on hers and pressed her against the door, holding her in place. A small moan escaped from her mouth, the sound muffled by the kiss. Her fingers moved up into his hair, grabbing at it and gripping it tightly.

After a couple minutes of kissing her against the door, Dale pulled her away from it and over to his desk. The tiredness and exhaustion he had been feeling only a few minutes earlier was now gone, replaced by a need to have some fun with this incredibly sexy woman. He had a playful look in his eyes as he looked at her and then pointed at the desk.

"Bend over," he told her, his tone of voice making his words come out in the form of a command.

"Yes sir," she replied quietly. Her face flushed and turned red but she did as she was told. Her hands came to rest on the edge of his desk and she was now bent over at the waist, her ass sticking out in front of him.

Dale just smiled before slowly licking his lips. He moved to stand behind Lana and his hands went to her ass, giving both sides a nice hard squeeze. She squeaked and jolted slightly but she stayed in place and she placed her arms on the desk and lowered her head onto her arms.

His fingers moved to the front of her skirt, finding the button on it and he quickly undid it before he hooked his fingers into her skirt's waistband. He pushed it down her body, leaving it around her ankles. He let out a soft whistle when he was greeted by the sight of her bare ass and pussy. His right hand moved down to her womanhood and he gave her soft smooth slit a slow rub, using just his fingertips to tease her. 

A small gasp left Lana's lips as she felt the teasing rub of his fingers and she stepped out of the skirt before spreading her legs open, giving Dale more access with his fingers. She let out a small moan as he continued to tease her by rubbing her pussy, her slit already coated in her juices and the juices were now getting onto his fingers as he touched her.

"My my, you were really looking forward to this weren't you?" Dale asked as he continued to rub her pussy.

"Yes sir... I took my panties off before I came down here..." Lana moaned out softly. Her arms moved out from under her head and she gripped the edge of his desk, her knuckles turning slightly white. "I've been thinking about this all day... After I saw your cock, I was tempted to go to the bathroom and touch myself but I didn't... I chose to wait to let you satisfy me... I've been soaked so long..."

Dale chuckled as he pulled his hand back and brought his fingers to his lips. He looked at the liquid on his fingertips before he licked one of them, her flavor coating his tongue. His hand returned to her lower lips and he resumed his slow rubbing, moving his fingers up and down over her outer lips. 

Lana whimpered and moaned out from the slow teasing she was enduring by his touch. Her hips pushed back towards his hand, desiring more contact from him. She looked back at him pleadingly, her face red and her hair now partly covering her face.

"Please... Don't tease me... Give it to me..." she pleaded in between moans.

Dale smiled and he pulled his hand back from her pussy. He quickly unbuckled his pants and dropped them around his ankles along with his boxers. His dick was already erect and stuck straight out from his body. He grabbed hold of his shaft and aimed himself at Lana's entrance. His tip pressed against her lower lips before spreading them apart as he slid into her. 

Lana let out a low slow moan as she felt Dale's thick cock fill her tunnel. Her juices coated his shaft and her pussy tightened around him. Her fingers gripped at the desk under her, her nails leaving light scratch marks in the wood.

"Yessss..." she hissed before moaning out again when she felt him bottom out inside of her.

Dale's hands moved to grab hold of her hips, as he held still inside of her, letting her adjust to his cock. He felt her gripping him, squeezing and relaxing around every inch of his cock. After a few moments he began to move his hips, his cock sliding back and forth inside of her wet hot pussy. He moaned out as he thrust into her, the feeling of doing so sending electric jolts of pleasure through his body.

"Oh fuck," he moaned out quietly as he pumped into Lana.

Lana glanced back to look at him, her hair a mess as it covered part of her face. Her eyes had a lustful gaze to them as she bit her lip for a moment before letting out another moan.

"F-fuck...! You like that? You like having your cock... buried inside of... your boss's secretary?" she said between bouts of moans.

"Fuck yes... And I bet you love having my cock inside of you don't you?" he returned, his thrusts increasing in their speed and roughness as he spoke.

Lana could only respond with more moans, her moans growing louder now. She knew that it was very unlikely for anyone to catch them with how few people were left in the building but the slim chance of it still had her even more excited. She let out a soft scream when she felt Dale's cock hit on her g-spot while he was thrusting into her.

"Oh f-fuck yes! F-fuck me like that! Harder! Give it to me more!" she cried out.

Dale wasted no time in giving her what she wanted. His right hand left her hip and came down on her ass cheek, the impact making a loud smack sound. She let out a loud whimper from the hit but she looked at him like she wanted him to do it again. He obliged her, giving her ass several more smacks while thrusting into her, and she rewarded him with several more mixed cries of pain and pleasure.

The air in the room was filled the smell of sweat and sex as the two of them continued their energetic coupling in Dale's office. Lana's juices were gushing out of her pussy, covering his cock and both of their thighs while also running down their legs. The two of them were moaning loudly, having reached the point of not caring if anyone caught them like that.

Dale's hand slid down between Lana's legs and his fingers found her clit once again. He started to rub the small nub of nerves, wanting to give Lana more pleasure. His efforts were soon rewarded as he felt her tunnel start to tighten around his cock and she moaned out louder,

"I'm g-gonna... cum!" she cried out as the overwhelming ball of built up energy in her body suddenly exploded, sending huge bolts of orgasmic pleasure coursing through her. Her pussy gushed out even more, coating them even more in her fluids.

The sudden tightening around his cock was enough to set Dale off, being sent over the edge into orgasmic bliss. He pulled out of Lana and grunted as he stroked his cock quickly. Large ropes of cum shot out of his tip and landed onto Lana's ass, covering it in streaks of white sticky cum. He then moved to lean back against one of the other chairs that was in his office.

The two of them just stayed there like that, both of them panting in exhaustion from their rutting. Lana was the first to move, as she slowly lifted herself up off of the desk. She grabbed some tissues from the box Dale kept on his desk and then handed them back to him.

"Wipe me up? Please?" she asked

Dale smiled as he slowly got back to his feet and took the tissues, using them to wipe Lana's ass clean of his sticky seed. He then glanced at her skirt on the floor, seeing some spots in the fabric from her juices falling onto it.

"I think we made a mess on your skirt," he said with a small chuckle.

"Well, it's a good thing I'm going home then," she spoke with a small giggle. She reached down and pulled her skirt back up and then spent a minute fixing her clothes before she looked at Dale. "That was a lot of fun. I hope we get a chance to do this again some time." She leaned up to kiss his cheek before whispering. "Who knew that having someone find out about my tumblr life would work out so well?" She winked at him and then unlocked his office before walking out.

Dale just watched her walk out of his office before pulling his pants and boxers up and then fixed his own clothes. His mind just went over what had just transpired in his office as he logged out of his computer and got his things together, along with getting rid of the trash he had on his desk. He then just smiled as he walked out of the building and went home.

A little while later, after he had gotten home, showered and was more relaxed, his phone went off. He picked it up and looked at it, seeing he had gotten a private message on his tumblr. He opened the message to find it was from Lana, who had sent him a photo of her, fully naked with her arm covering her breasts. The message made him smile when he read it.

"See you at work tomorrow."

He just chuckled to himself before laying down in his bed and he soon drifted off to sleep, looking forward to seeing what was next for him in this crazy new world he had found himself in.