 Foreplay begins on the dance floor and continues into the night.

We were dancing. The band had just shifted the tempo to a slow number. I pulled you close and pressed myself tight against you. Your hair smelled clean, with just a hint of spice and I traced the curve of your ear with my cheek and nose. One hand drifted down from your back to your waist and rested just above the curve of your ass. I pulled you tighter and felt your hip against my erection and your breasts against my chest.

"How much longer are you going to keep me like this?" I whispered into your ear.

You looked up at me, smiled and responded "All night, I hope." There was no doubt about that in my mind.

The music stopped and we walked back to the bar. I was nursing a scotch and water. You finished off the rest of your drink, took out a cigarette and asked "Should I order another drink or would you like to go?"

I watched you pull the smoke deep into your lungs. Your mouth parted and I thought about your lips and where I wanted them. "Well, you could order, but if you keep teasing me I'm going to cum in my pants." I paid the check.

I watched your ass as we walked to the car. You knew that's where I was looking and made sure it swayed just a little more as you moved. You handed me the keys and we moved to the passenger side. Instead of opening the door I reached out for you and kissed you hard, pressing you back against the side of the door. "I'd fuck you right here if it wouldn't get me locked up for indecent exposure." I opened the door and watched your legs as you settled into the seat. You were wearing a dark skirt and light blouse. Just a bit of cleavage showed and I glimpsed your lacy bra. No stockings. I wondered what you had on underneath that skirt.

I got in but didn't start the car right away. We were in the shadows away from the lights and I wanted to taste your lips again. Our tongues danced and I nibbled at your lower lip. My hand roamed over your breasts and then stroked your legs, lifting your skirt and plunging between your thighs. "Open your legs Sharon. I want to see if you want me as much as I want you."

Your knees part and my hand gains room to move further up towards your center. I feel the damp fabric where you've started to seep. I slip one finger around the elastic and stroke you, just grazing your lips. Your body shudders for a moment as I dip into you. We kiss again. A long kiss, wet, full of movement and dancing tongues. My finger slowly moves in and out of you, just dipping in enough to spread your lips, just enough to spread your slick wetness. As I withdraw my hand I break our kiss. "I have to taste you." I drag my finger over your mouth and then suck on it. You lick your own lips and taste yourself on them. My hands hold you head as I kiss you hard, urgently. I can't wait any longer, the time for teasing is over and I want you as much as I ever have.

The drive isn't long, but it's spent with bouts of mutual teasing; my hand moving over your breasts and between your legs; your hand running over the bulge in my pants and the growing wet spot that reveals my excitement. You lick my ear and pull my face towards you as you bite my lips and probe my mouth with your tongue. I manage to stay on the road and soon pull into your parking space. In moments we're inside your door.

I follow you into the room and grab your arm, swinging you around to face me. I pull you against me and kiss you, walking slowly towards the wall, stopping only when your back is pressed against the wall and my body is pressed against yours. The kissing intensifies and our hands are everywhere. I'm rubbing against you, my cock like an iron bar between us. I kick off my shoes and lose a couple of inches.

I can't keep my hands off of you, nor my lips. I kiss your face and neck and down into the valley between your breasts. My mouth and hands move to your breast, and I blow hot air on your nipple through your blouse. My knees fold and my hands run down over your breasts, onto your hips, around to your ass, and down each of your legs. I reach down, lift your foot, and pull off your shoe. I lift your foot up to my mouth and suck on your toes. My hands run up your leg, stroking you as my mouth moves up towards your thigh. Then the other leg. First the shoe, your toes, and I lift your leg as I kiss your knee and thigh.

I drop your leg as my hands push your skirt up your legs and around your waist. I move closer to you and put my hands on your ass. My head moves onto your stomach and I begin a trail of kisses that end between your legs. I can smell your passion, and your panties are moist with it as well. I grab the fabric and pull it down over your ass and down your legs. I lift your feet and toss it away. Then I start my way back up one leg until I reach your heated center. I pick up one leg, place it on my shoulder and pull your body up to my face. My hands move down your ass and my thumbs reach from behind to spread you open. My tongue reaches out and licks you gently. I position my mouth at your cunt and push my tongue into you, first taking light, gentle licks at your lips and clit. I'm teasing you and you taste delicious.

My mouth is all over you and it feels wonderful. You let your head fall back and put your hands on my head. Your fingers run through my hair as I eat you, lick you, pull your lips into my mouth, nibble you, probe you, and devour you. The lust overcomes me and I'm feasting on you. As always, my cock responds to your scent and taste, and grows even harder. I think about fucking you like this and reach down to unbuckle my belt and unbutton my trousers. As I continue to eat your pungent center I push my pants and underwear off.

"I want you from behind." You turn around and lean forward against the wall. I undo the snap at your waist and unzip your skirt, letting it fall to the floor. You step out of it and look back at me over your shoulder as I let my hands trail from your hips to your thighs and down your legs. I settle down on my knees, bringing my face level with your behind. My hands move to stroke the curves of your ass and I press my lips against one cheek and then the other. I want my tongue in your tight ass, but I want to feel myself inside you even more. I stand, grab your hips, bend my knees, push forward and slide the top of my cock along your wet, swollen lips. Then I reach up and pull your hand down onto the head of my cock. "I want to feel you put it in."

You wrap your fingers around me and slide them from the head back to the sac hanging beneath. Your fingers become slick with our juices as you stroke me. I reach down for your hand again and take two of your fingers into my mouth, sucking them tightly and running my tongue along their length. "You taste delicious. I can't wait to eat you when you're full of my cum."

I let go of your hand and you reach down for me again. Then you lift up onto your toes and pull the head of my cock into you. I push up as you settle down onto me and I feel my length slide into your tight, wet tunnel. It feels wonderful inside you, every inch of me sliding past your lips to be held tightly by the hot, smooth walls of your cunt. I push deep into you until my hips are tight against your luscious ass. I hold your body still by wrapping one arm around you. The other turns your head up to mine, and we kiss.

I start moving inside you and my breath is hot against your neck. My free hand moves down between your legs, resting on your mound, one finger tracing the path down into you. "Stroke me as I'm fucking you. I want to feel your fingers as I pull out and push back into you." You reach down again and press the flat of your hand against the base of my cock. As I withdraw you curl your fingers and I can just feel your nails running along my length. I'm working my own fingers on you, one caressing your clit while two more squeeze your lips tighter around my shaft. As I push up into you my hand presses down and our fingers meet where my body enters yours.

We move together slowly, setting up a rhythm between our bodies. My legs spring up as I fill you and then settle down as inches of me slide out against your hand and back inside you. A few times I pull all the way out and wait for you to push the head back into you. Each time I drive hard into you, lifting you onto your toes and filling every inch of you. We both feel the heat where we're merged, and the scent of our sex fills the air. It drives us together.

I lose track of everything except where my body touches yours. My arm around you keeps your back snug against my chest. My hand below slowly caresses you. My cock is hard and long and the swollen head reaches hidden places that inflame you with every stroke. Nothing matters except how you feel around me. I want you to experience the ecstasy that I feel. I'm lost inside you.

I'm close and don't think I can hold off much longer. I want you to climax with me now, but I know I can take you there later in bed. I've been thinking about this for months. I've cum thinking about you over and over again. My breath is ragged and deep, coming in gasps. I squeeze myself tightly wanting to prolong it for as long as I can. It's so close. My hand below presses you tighter. I'm in you as deep as I can go. I can feel the head of my cock pressing against you; every inch of me wrapped with your body. I'm there, finally, explosively. It surges up and out of me as I spasm inside of you. My lungs empty shouting your name just as the cum shoots out of my cock and into you. Again and again I spurt hotly into you. I've never felt so anything so powerful.

At last I'm drained. I finally catch my breath. I'm still moving inside of you, softer than before, less urgently than before. "Did you like that Sharon?"

"Yes, Michael" came breathlessly as your reply.

I kiss you and run my hands over your hips and ass and up under your blouse. "I'm going to fuck you again, Sharon. I'm going to fuck you until you cum so many times you can't stand it any more."

I pull out of you and in one motion scoop your legs up and settle you into my arms. We're naked from the waist down, sweaty and sticky and swollen with passion. I carry you into the bedroom, let your head down onto the pillow and reach under you to pull down the comforter. I look down at you and straddle your legs. My hands unbutton your blouse as you unbutton the sleeves. The blouse comes off, then your bra. You pull at my shirt and I sweep it over my head. Nothing remains between us as I lay atop you, nuzzling your neck and biting your earlobe.

I move lower, taking each breast into my mouth for a few moments. My tongue swirls around your nipples as they harden between my lips. As my mouth tastes your flesh my hands run over your body, over your legs and thighs, over your breasts and neck, over your stomach and under your ass. I can't stop touching you, tasting you, feeling you. Your hot center awaits me and I move down between your thighs. My hands slide beneath you, cupping your ass and lifting you as my lips kiss yours. You're so wet and hot and I run my mouth up and down your slit, opening you first with my lips. My tongue slips out from between my lips and into yours. I lap at you, tasting the mixture of both of us.

It's amazing how hot you make me when I'm down there trying to give you pleasure. No matter that only minutes before I spent myself inside you, knees buckling in the aftermath. No matter that you brought me to a pinnacle of erotic stimulation almost painful in its pleasure. The scent of you, the taste of you, the feel of your most intimate places against my face causes my passions to immediately rise. I'm inflamed by you, excited by you, teased and tempted by you. My cock grows hard, and again I can't wait to be inside you.

You're repaying my ministrations with moans and purring. I look up between your breasts and meet your eyes as they watch me trying to satisfy my hunger for you. Your hands are in my hair and on my scalp. I feel you urging me on, yearning for your own release. Two fingers from one hand join my tongue inside you. The other hand moves to cup your ass, my thumb spreading your slippery fluid over the tight entrance. I push my thumb past the ring of muscle and into your ass. I'm in you front and rear, impaling you and crazing you with the stimulation. I don't know how long either of us can stand this.

I need to taste your ass, so I move my hands under you and lift your hips, bringing you up to my mouth. My lips push against you and my tongue pushes into you. I'm fucking your ass with my tongue, and remembering the time I fucked you there with my cock. I want you there again and it makes me ever harder and bigger.

Just as your juices are seeping from your cunt, liquid is oozing from the slit of my cock. It's coating the head, making it slick and ready for entering you. I look up again at your face, contorted with want and pleasure. I have to have you now.

My body moves up, sliding against your legs, stomach and breasts. My lips seek your own and we kiss deeply. The tongue that was moments before in your pussy and in your ass is now jousting with your own tongue. You taste yourself on me. Your arms wrap around me and I can feel your nails on my back. My cock is resting between your legs; you can feel its length and hardness teasing you – but not for long.

I raise my hips, reach down to grab myself and place the head at your swollen opening. You're soaking wet down there and my cock is coated with your juices as I push completely into you in one thrust. Your eyes open wide as my length fills you. Nothing in the world compares to the feel of you wrapped around me. Every inch of me is bathed in your heat. Your body encloses me and pulls me deeper inside you.

We move together, your hips rising as mine descend. I don't think it's going to take you long to reach climax. I push my pelvis down as you thrust up. We started our foreplay by dancing at the beginning of the evening and now we're completing the promise of the night by dancing together again. I'm sliding against you and inside you. My cock is long and hard in you, filling every crevice of you, probing you and reaching your inner core.

Your breathing is ragged as your head pushes back into the pillow. Your back arches up to me and there's urgency in your face. I know you're about to go over the edge and make every motion about bringing you there. At last it's happening. Your mouth opens as you cry out my name. I can feel the change in your body as your tight pussy grabs me even tighter with spasms. Your chest and neck flush red and beads of perspiration break out over your neck and face. Your nails dig into my back as you pull me deeper into you. You're at the peak of your climax and it runs from your toes to the top of your head. The pleasure overtakes you and startles you with its intensity. You cum and cum and it doesn't stop; I don't want it to stop.

I keep on moving inside you, pushing against you. I want this to be the best you've ever had. I want you to go from one orgasm to the next until your body can't move. "Can you cum again Sharon?"

Between ragged breaths, you gasp out "Yes, Michael, keep that up and I'll be there soon."

My body is mated with yours; our breathing is heavy and almost synchronized. I'm keeping myself just on the edge, far enough to hold back but almost on the verge of losing control. I'm moving inside you, in and out, side to side, my hardness against your softness. My hips are rocking against yours. My mouth is kissing you, licking your neck, your breasts, your eyes and face. Our flesh is overheated with passion and friction and sweat.

I'm focused on you, bringing you to the edge and over. You're almost there and I keep pressing into you. The feeling inside you is incredible; hot, wet, tight and sucking me into you. Finally, I watch your face as it changes. Your breath deepens and your fingers and nails dig into my arms. You cry out and it urges me on. I push harder, working the head of my cock against your deepest cavern. Suddenly, I there as well, and as I feel you contract around me the first stream of hot, white fluid spurts from inside of me to inside of you. We're there together and it's the best sex of my life. We're coupled in pleasure that continues on into the long night and doesn't stop until exhaustion, and the light of dawn.