 The south Florida air caressed my skin with its sticky kiss as I stood on the hotel balcony and watched the activity on The Strip. Spring Break '85, Ft. Lauderdale FL. I was here, my first 'adult' vacation. Fun, sun, alcohol and women, a college boy's dream come true. We left cold, gloomy Boston behind and traded it in for the land of bikinis, Miami Vice and reverse Margaritas.

I heard my roommates laughing loudly in the hotel room behind me. I turned to see what the commotion was about. Murph, true to form, had brought a stray home.

"Hey guys," he announced, "This is Cheryl!"

I stepped into the room to check this out. Murph stood there a possessive arm around a tall blond, a typical Murph find. Stunningly beautiful, thin but not skinny, ash blond hair framing big blue eyes and high cheekbones. If she had a fault, it would be that she was fairly flat-chested. I was willing to overlook that. Yeah right, my first coherent thought was She's out of your league Bobby Boy.

"Cheryl and her roommates just got in today! They're staying just down the hall from us!" Murph happily informed us.

That is why I loved to go clubbing with the Murph, he had an uncanny knack for ferreting out beautiful women. To this day I have no idea how he did it, but I was always happy to take advantage of his particular talent.

Cheryl looked embarrassed. "Hi guys," she said giving a little wave and blushing.

Actually, it turned out that she was very nice. We found out that she was here from Wisconsin with her sister and two friends. Considering there were five of us guys down here together and four of them, I thought there was some potential in the situation. Eventually, her friends came looking for her and we got to meet them all. There was this one redhead named Patty I thought looked pretty promising, not as pretty as Cheryl, but very cute. We all chatted and got to know one another. Things were looking pretty good, it seemed everyone was having fun. I was optimistic.

We had plans to go out for dinner that night and I was all for canceling them and doing something with these girls, but I couldn't convince the others. We WERE here as a group, solidarity and all that, but I was careful to find out where the girls were going to be that night before we said good-bye. They were a good looking group of ladies.

We went out to dinner as planned, it was very nice. This was our final year of college and the trip was a sort of last hurrah for the crew. Two of us were ROTC and so would be going into the service upon graduation and the rest would be going off to law school or out into the 'real world' to root, hog or die.

After a nice, leisurely dinner, we drove our rental car back to the hotel. We were staying right on The Strip and it was packed with the typical Saturday night crowd of Spring Breakers. We ditched the car and I suggested we head to Penrod's, the club the girls said they were going to. We had been to Penrod's the last two nights running so the guys weren't too hot on the idea. We eventually wound up on a terrace bar at some pirate themed hotel on the strip.

I thought it was pretty lame. There weren't a lot of people there (read unattached women) but my roommates seemed to be having fun. They had set up a scam where they pretended to be bouncers and asked for id's from all of the pretty girls in the bar. Surprisingly enough it seemed to work as all of them got paired off except yours truly. Unfortunately for me, the four of them getting paired off used up all of the single women in the bar - I told you, the place was pretty dead. I was bored so I announced I was going to Penrod's. No one seemed to care. So much for solidarity.

I walked down The Strip the two or three blocks to the Sheraton Hotel where Penrod's was located. The Strip was mobbed with drunken college kids having a good time. Add in the people there to help them have that good time while painlessly parting them from their spare cash and you have quite a crowd. Snake charmers posed for pictures with pretty coeds - for a small fee. Vendors hawked sunglasses, cheap jewelry, T-shirts and food. Mounted police watched over things and kept the crowds confined to the sidewalks by herding them with their horses like so much human cattle. By the time I reached the club, I was almost overloaded by the sights, sounds and smells around me.

Speaking of sensory overload, Penrod's was the quintessential '80's party center. It sprawled like a chrome monster in the middle of the main artery of the dream destination of every American college student. I grinned as I happily forked out the cover charge to the tuxedoed bouncer. Once inside I had the choice of going up the winding stairs to the club playing techno dance music, left out to the patio where the waitresses were administering reverse Margaritas, downstairs to the club playing live Reggae or to my right into the video dance club playing the latest pop. Figuring that since my quarry were twenty year old collegians of the female persuasion, I turned right into the video club.

This part of Penrod's was by far the largest room and it looked full to capacity. The music hit me like a fist as I opened the swinging doors. 'Don't You Want Me Baby?' was playing as I walked in and I took it as a good omen. It was confirmed literally seconds later when I saw Cheryl at the bar. I started to walk over to her when she saw me. Cheryl jumped up from the bar where she had been sitting with some frat boy types and ran to me.

"Bob!" she shouted. OK, this was good, she remembered my name. I was just about to ask her where Patty, the redhead, was when she grabbed my arm and said in a low voice, "Get me out of here please!"

Ever willing to rescue damsels in distress, I replied, "Sure!" and lead her out of the room onto the patio. It was much quieter out there but just as crowded. "What's the matter?" I asked.

"Those guys wouldn't leave me alone! They were being really obnoxious. I'm really glad you came along, I was hoping you'd come by."

I had to fight the urge to look over my shoulder to see if she was talking to another guy. Don't get me wrong, I had a healthy ego and no problems with women, but I also knew my limitations. Cheryl had to have been one of the most beautiful girls I had ever met. It was a natural law that women that lovely didn't just up and say they were hoping they would run into you.

"Why?" I blurted before I could stop myself.

She looked at me kind of funny and I figured I had blown it but she just replied, "Well, you seemed like a nice guy."

"Fair enough," I smiled at her. "Let me prove it, can I buy you a drink?"

"OK," she smiled back. Devastating dimples. "I had to abandon mine when you rescued me."

We snagged a drink order from one of the waitresses and since there were no open tables we picked a spot of rail to lean against. We started to talk and I found that beyond her obvious physical beauty, she was a wonderful person. She was a twenty year old Junior at the University of Wisconsin majoring in meteorology. Her ambition in life was to be a TV Weatherman.

"Don't laugh!" she smilingly admonished me, wagging her finger in my face. "What's so funny?"

"Well, you're a hell of a lot better looking then Willard Scott!" I laughed. She hit me on the arm, but not hard, laughing with me.

We spent what seemed like a lifetime by the rail. One drink became two, then three as we got to know each other. She was a nice girl and I was really enjoying myself. Even better, she seemed to be enjoying herself too. The space between us shrunk as we stood closer and closer. Her hand rested innocently on my arm as she made a point, the contact electric.

We braved the crowd into the video club again and danced. She looked like the image of wholesome, midwestern beauty with her blond hair and clean-scrubbed freshness moving and twirling in her short denim skirt and pastel sleeveless blouse. I did recognize the frat boys from the bar looking at us with envy. I felt ten feet tall.

After a few dances, we retired to the patio again. Cheryl was feeling adventurous so we decided to do a reverse margarita. For those of you who have never experienced this little bit of class, the recipient kneels at the foot of the waitress and tilts their head back with mouth open. The waitress then pours Tequila, Triple Sec and a squirt of lime juice into the victim's open mouth. You must then swallow this without spilling it all over you. Hey, it seemed like a good idea at the time.

I got mine down OK, but Cheryl gagged a little while trying to swallow and wound up with more then a little Margarita running down her face. We laughed and I wiped her face with a napkin as she smiled at me. Our eyes met as I mopped her face. Her pupils dilated. She looked confused, a little scared. I had never felt such an instant connection before or since.

"Let's take a walk," she suggested, taking my hand.

We left the club and crossed The Strip to stroll on the beach, taking off our shoes to walk barefoot in the sand. The full moon and the neon from the clubs behind gave us a soft, diffuse light to walk by. The beach was full of drunken partiers and couples making out (and more) in the sand, not what you would consider romantic, but neither of us noticed. To my twenty-one year old mind this was paradise and we were the only two people in the world that night.

We talked some more, about hopes and dreams, life and love. Of course, Cheryl had a boyfriend back home, how could a girl like her not? Hesitantly at first she told me all about him. They had been dating for a year. Instinctively I disliked him, although I did have a bias.

"No, really, he's very nice," she insisted. Uh huh, then why do you sound like you're trying to convince yourself, I thought. From what she told me, the guy was a jerk.

"I don't know," I drawled, "seems to me, if you were my girlfriend, I would treat you a whole lot better."

"Of course you'd say that," she smiled, pixie-like, "You're auditioning for the job."

"Is the position open?" I asked.

"Oh, yeah, like that would really work, with you in Boston and me in Madison," she pushed me laughing. "Besides, I'm sure you have a girlfriend at home."

"Hey, didn't you ever hear of a long distance romance and no, I'm unattached. I did have a girlfriend but we broke up like two days before I left."

"Oh, great, so I'm 'rebound-girl' huh? That long distance stuff only works in the movies," she replied, ever practical but standing close and entwining her fingers in mine.

She was tall, her eyes almost on a level with mine. I looked into their blue depths and was lost. I wanted to kiss her, but wasn't sure if I should. It never hurts to ask.

"I really want to kiss you," I said softly, dropping my shoes to the sand and putting my free hand to her cheek.

She looked scared. "I don't think you should, my boyfriend...." she murmured, but her eyes closed and her head slowly tilted to the side.

I took that as assent and our lips met, soft, undemanding. I moved my hand from her cheek to the back of her head, touching her silky blond hair. Her kiss became harder, I felt her lips part slightly. I ventured the tip of my tongue against them. She dropped her shoes and let go of my hand, bringing both arms around my neck as I placed my free hand around her waist. Her tongue met mine and they gently fenced for an eternity.

She broke the kiss, looked at me, slightly troubled, whispered, "Oh Bob," and then smiled. "Let's sit down."

We found a soft spot in the sand and she sat. I got an innocent flash of white panty as she arraigned her short skirt and I felt my breathing quicken. I sat next to her. She rested her head on my shoulder. I tilted my head so it touched hers as we watched the waves.

Just as I was resigning myself to the notion that this was all we would be doing, and believe me I would have been quite happy to just sit there until dawn with this woman, she said in a small voice, "Kiss me again?"

I turned my head into her and our mouths met again. Somehow, we wound up lying on the sand in each others arms sharing long, deep, wet kisses. I began to stray from her mouth, kissing her eyes, her chin, her jaw, nibbling her ear, kissing the velvet softness of her neck. My right hand stroked her back, my left was pinned beneath her. She wrapped her fingers into the back of my short hair, pressing my head into her neck as I bit softly. My mouth found hers again and our tongues resumed their dance of passion. My right hand made it's way up and over her side and found her left breast, braless under her thin cotton shirt. She was very small, barely a mound, but her nipple was pronounced and erect. My fingers found it and I rubbed a thumb over the hard little button as she moaned into my mouth. I immediately tugged her shirt loose from her skirt and snaked my hand under it to find her bare nipple. The skin to skin contact was exquisite.

She broke our kiss again, but this time to cover my face with kisses. Laughing softly, she copied my earlier movements, kissing my eyes, my chin, my jaw, nibbling my ear to end up planting soft little tongue kisses on my neck. Her own hand moved to my chest under my shirt, finding my own nipple and caressing it.

"How do you like that?" she whispered in my ear, biting it. "Good for the goose..."

I took my hand from her breast and slid it down her smooth tummy, over her skirt and to her long legs. I ran it up her firm thigh, under the hem of her skirt to the crotch of her damp satin panties. She pressed into my hand for a moment, making a little "mmmmm" sound of pleasure, then abruptly pushed my hand away and pulled back.

"No, she said, breathless. "Please, not here. Not on the beach." She caressed my cheek and looked into my eyes.

No, she was right, this was no place to be with someone like her.

"OK", I kissed her, chastely. "We could go back to the hotel...?"

She smiled a little lopsided, "OK, but I'm not going to sleep with you, I don't do that with someone I've just met. Even though I may not be acting like it." she laughed.

Surprisingly, her announcement made me feel better, disappointed but better. I didn't think she was that easy and I was perversely relieved to find out I was right.

We held hands back to the hotel, walking close to one another, stopping to kiss now and again. Alone, we two in our own private world among several hundred thousand revelers.

When we got back to the hotel, we found that her roommates had not yet returned and that she didn't have a key. I did, so we went to my room. Unfortunately, my roommates had returned and were snoring loudly from all of the beds.

"Let's go on the deck," Cheryl suggested.

We went out onto the balcony and snuggled into a lounge chair.

"You have sand on your back," I smiled, brushing it off.

"What am I going to do with you?" she asked plaintively.

"I don't know, fall in love with me maybe?" I replied semi-serious. Yes, I know it sounds like a line but I didn't mean it that way. Maybe it was hormones, maybe it was holiday romance, personally I think it was the girl but in any event I was half in love with her already.

"I really think that would be possible and that's scary," she answered.

She took hold of my face and bent in for a kiss. Our tongues met and resumed their now familiar dance. She pressed into me and I felt my cock stiffen against her. She moaned into my mouth and pulled my head into her, kissing me hard.

We were only on the second floor and I realized we were a bit to exposed if anyone chose to look up from the courtyard below. If she didn't care for the beach, I didn't think she would care for that once she realized it.

I pulled back and said, "Wait a second."

She looked a bit confused as I got up and went back inside. I went to the closet to get a spare blanket when I hear Murph ask, "Is that Cheryl?"

I saw he was awake. He looked pissed, I suspected he had figured Cheryl was his for the taking. "You should have come to Penrod's with me." I smirked and returned to the balcony.

Cheryl smiled when she saw what I had. "I was wondering what you were doing."

"Figured a little bit of privacy might be nice," I said laying next to her and covering us both with the blanket.

"My hero," she giggled pulling me to her again.

We kissed as before and emboldened by the blanket, I reached for her nipple through her blouse, finding it rock hard. She pressed hard against me as I softly pinched the hard little nub, groaning as I moved to kiss her neck. I pulled her shirt out and whispered into her ear, "Raise your arms."

She looked at me a moment and I thought she would object, but she raised her arms and closed her eyes again. I quickly pulled her shirt up and over her head, reaching down to capture a hard nipple in my mouth. She moaned softly and wrapped her arms around my head, pulling me into her chest. Her skin was pale bronze where the sun had kissed it, pale and ghostly where it hadn't. Her small, puffy, pink nipples jutted out proudly.

"Mmm, you have wonderful tits," I murmured sucking and teasing her nipple with my tongue.

"I do not," she replied caressing my hair, "I'm flat as a board."

"Yes, but you have these," I bit down playfully on her nip causing her to gasp, "and that's all that counts."

"Oh God! Ummm, oh, glad you think so," she sighed scratching my shoulders. "Take your shirt off." she commanded.

I quickly skinned off my polo and she ran her hands over my chest. "I want to feel you against me," she commanded.

I held her close, feeling the heat of her skin against mine. She half rolled top of me throwing a leg over and I stroked the smooth skin of her back as she pinned my face in her hands, covering me with kisses. My hand wandered lower, over the firm roundness of her ass. I pulled the denim up, caressing her cheeks through the thin satin of her panties. I slipped a hand into one of the leg openings and cupped her. I worked lower, until my fingers encountered wetness and the soft hair of her pussy.

"I....ohhhhh, Oh Bob, you shouldn't," she groaned as I stroked my hand up the length of her sex under her panties. She made no move to stop me so I continued my caress.

She planted a trail of kisses down my neck and stroked my chest with her hand as I continued my ministrations. Soon her hips were slightly rocking in time with my hand. I slipped a finger into her.

"Ohhh!" she gasped so abruptly I thought I had hurt her. I felt her cunt grip my finger as she whimpered. "Oh God! Oh!" planting kisses all over my face while she came.

I rolled her over, lying on top of her. "Oh, God Bob. Oh God," she breathed. "Oh that was so good."

"We're not done yet," I smiled.

"Hmm?"

In answer, I kissed her neck, trailing wet, sloppy kisses down her chest to her breast. I lavished attention first on one, then the other nipple and soon she was breathing heavy once again, rubbing the back of my head with her hand. I delved lower, down her belly. I undid the button of her denim skirt and lowered the zipper, exposing her navel. She was an inny. I sucked and tongued the little dimple while I hooked my fingers into the waistband of her skirt and panties and began to tug them down.

"What are you doing?" she asked languidly.

"I'm going to kiss you," I replied.

"Oh, OH!" she responded, understanding my meaning. She seemed surprised and possibly a little nervous as if this was an act she was not used to. This only confirmed my opinion that her boyfriend was not only a first class jerk, but a total idiot as well.

She lifted her hips slightly and I removed the rest of her clothes. Her bush was small and fluffy. Not so much trimmed as just naturally sparse. It was barely darker then her skin in the diffuse light under the blanket. I ran my tongue over its coarseness down to the top of the cleft it shrouded. I gently wedged my body between her legs, forcing them to part and bent to place a soft kiss against her moist lips.
