 Lisa moaned heavily as Alex kissed at her neck, tilting her head back against the wall as she felt his hands grip her tighter. The elevator only had a little way to go to reach her floor, but he couldn't wait, pinning her against the wall as soon as the doors closed, their stealthy retreat together from the reception hall forgotten as soon as they could more properly explore one another. The impact had been forceful, but welcome, Lisa enjoying the way he tussled her hair and threw her glasses askew.

It was what felt like the thousandth wedding Lisa had been to in recent years, another sorority sister getting married and coming back to town for the ceremony. For whatever reason, she always said yes, even as it stopped being the weddings of senior sisters she'd looked up to and those of girls she'd only briefly known her last year. Somewhere in the middle, it had been her closest friends, and she'd been part of many a bridal party. Always a bridesmaid, never a bride...

Now not even bridesmaid. Just an old friend -- hell, acquaintance -- meant to fill out a seat and maybe send a gift. The process had grown sadder over the years, a reminder of what she didn't have yet, but the promise of an open bar and single suitors always brought her back.

The former always led to the latter; the more drinks she got in her system, the more Lisa loosened up, the more talkative with the other randoms at the singles table she became. Almost always, she let the night turn amorous, an excuse to forget her own sad life and recapture the thrill of a college fling.

So it had been with Alex. First, the small talk -- "I'm in food services, what about you?" -- then the flirtier comments, whispered jokes about their mutual acquaintances, light touches. When the Cha Cha Slide came on, it was an excuse to drag the less dance-inclined onto the floor, then keep them there for a slow song.

More often than not, it was purely physical, an excuse to have a hot guy who looked hotter in a suit take her to her room or his and screw her brains out. Tonight, there was definitely that, but she found Alex genuinely interesting beyond that. He was hot, make no mistake, but he was also funny, shared her interests, and was smart enough to ask her to dance as soon as the dance floor opened up. No Cha Cha Slide required.

All that really changed, though, was how turned on Lisa was. Early on, those sorts of gestures might've actually gotten her heart, but she'd been left alone the following morning enough times to know it was always an act. The guys she met at these things, however nice, were from out of town, or not really looking for anything serious, or had been swept up by the romance of the night. So she'd allow herself the fantasy of something more with Alex because it would intensify her own pleasure, but she'd forget all about it when the sun came up.

She had no doubt he would.

Of course, Lisa was fully lost in the fantasy by the time they reached her room, and she enjoyed the playful way he chased her down the hall, how he made out with her against the door, and the fact that he carried her across the threshold and placed her gently on the bed. They continued to make out, hands exploring each other's body, until Lisa felt Alex's hand slipping up the skirt of her dress and she realized she was done with foreplay.

"Zipper's in the back," Lisa whispered into his ear, pushing him back far enough so that she could roll over underneath him. She pressed her ass into his crotch and wiggled, tossing her short brown hair aside so she could smirk back at him as she did. He grinned back, tracing a finger along her shoulder and down her exposed back until he reached the zipper at the top of the black dress she was wearing. He slowly opened her up until her entire back was exposed, save for the black material of her strapless bra.

She expected him to go wild at that point, but instead, his hands found her shoulders again, slowly massaging her. Lisa was moaning again now, pleasure mixed with relief. Alex knew what he was doing, knew exactly how to touch her as his hands went from her shoulders to her spine, to her lower back, to her hips...

...to her ass.

"Mmm, couldn't wait forever, huh?" Lisa giggled, still enjoying the feel of his hands on her. He was inside the dress, squeezing her cheeks through the lacy material of her panties. She slowly crawled forward, allowing her ass to come fully out of the dress as he continued to feel her up. He stopped long enough to help fully remove the dress before moving forward again. She felt his crotch against her ass once more, only this time the firm length of his erection was pressed between her cheeks. Lisa pushed back, lifting her hips off the bed and grinding herself against Alex's dick as best she could.

"I think I waited a good long while," Alex replied, now grinding back in equal measure. "It was a long ceremony."

"Too long," Lisa agreed, focused on the erection so close to her holes. "So why don't we cut it with the teasing and you get naked?"

"Sounds good," Alex said, Lisa biting the inside of her lip as she felt him pull away from her. She rolled around and watched Alex as he stripped, revealing his smooth, chiseled chest, his slightly hairy thighs, and, with the removal of his underwear, his thick, solid-sized member. Lisa gave him a naughty smirk as he stood before her, slowly removing her bra and revealing her breasts. They were 32c, sizable, but not too big, with hard brown nipples at the end. She was proud of her tits, and the look on Alex's face told her she had every reason to be.

Still, he made no move forward.

"What are you waiting for?"

"Hey, I'm fully naked," Alex said matter-of-factly. "I think you should be, too."

Lisa's smile spread, and she kept her eyes locked on his as she scooted to the edge of the bed and stood up. She was about a head shorter than him, so she continued to look up as she slipped her fingers into the waistband of her panties and shimmied out of them. She bent just enough to get them loose before letting them fall the rest of the way down her legs. Pointedly, she removed her glasses, smirking as she put them on the nightstand. "There, all even."

Alex's arm slipped around her waist, pulling Lisa into another make-out session. This one was more urgent and desperate, their tongues exploring one another. The feel of their skin pressed together was electric, particularly the hard stretch of his erection pressed against her thigh, her nipples rubbing against his chest. His hand rested in the small of her back, holding her tight against him as they kissed, and she couldn't help but rock her hips, squeezing his dick between them.

"Lay down," Alex said breathlessly between kisses. Lisa pressed her thigh hard against his erection one last time before stepping back and dropping onto the bed. She laid back, expecting him to quickly be on top of her; instead, he dropped to his knees and spread hers.

"Oh," Lisa said, scooting closer to the edge of the bed as Alex, smiling, began to kiss a trail up her thighs. She imagined the sight before him, how she was already wet and spread, and the way his eyes were focused on her lower lips only increased the heat building inside of her. Then she stopped watching, her eyes shutting as she felt his fingers dip inside of her. "Oh, god..."

Alex started with gentle probing, two fingers up and down her slit, his pointer swirling around her clit every time he reached the top. Then, he dipped further inside of her, his finger wriggling slightly as he slid deeper. Lisa's breathing sped up as he started pumping into her with his two fingers, and she let out a gasp as his tongue began to lick at her clit. She wrapped her legs around his head, a hand in his hair as she rocked her pussy against his face. It had been a long time since someone had eaten her out, let alone as good as Alex was. She allowed herself to get lost in the pleasure of his touch, the curling of his fingers inside her, the feel of his tongue and lips suckling at her... at her...

"Shit!" Lisa gasped, only realizing she'd lifted her body up as the rush of an orgasm knocked her flat on her back. Her legs tightened around Alex's face, and he pushed the rocking vibrations of pleasure further by continuing to devour her, picking up speed where most guys would pull away. Her whole body shook with the continuing pleasure, and before long, she felt it building again, and she was far less demure about her enthusiasm this time.

"Fuck yes, Alex, keep going!" she cried, fully grinding against his face now, a task aided by the way his free arm was wrapped around and supporting her leg. Lisa tweaked her nipples hard as she rode his face, the sensitive nubs sending additional shockwaves through her body as her second orgasm built and built. "Eat that pussy, you're so good at it, make me moan. Fuck! Make me... Alex, suck... suck my... FUCK!"

This time, Lisa fully lost control, her body pitching hard to the side as white-hot energy exploded from her core and flooded her body. Her legs thrashed wildly as she felt herself rapidly contract and expand, the feeling inside her riding long and hard. The bliss she felt was insanely intense, and she allowed herself to enjoy it for as long as possible, basking in it even as the feeling retracted.

She didn't wait too long, though; once she'd recovered, her body was ready for more, and she now had a favor to return. She rolled off the bed and pulled Alex to his feet, sloppily making out with him and tasting herself on his lips. His face was a wet mess, and that reminder of how hard he'd gone on her only pushed her desire to please him further. Lisa pulled away, burning gaze locked with Alex's as she slowly dropped to her knees before him. She dragged it out literally as well as figuratively, making sure her breasts ran the full length of his chest and even across his rigid dick before she finally settled before him. Their eyes were still locked as she took his cock in her hand and began stroking it, lightly tickling his balls with her free fingers. Then, she gave the head a kiss and let her tongue dart out, swirling around the swollen bulb.

"Mmm, you're good," Alex sighed, watching Lisa intently as she began to bob her head up and down on his member. One hand pumped his base in time with her swallows, the other began to intensify her attention to his nuts. Alex's moans egged her on, Lisa pushing herself further down onto his dick with each pump. His girth was a bit more than she was used to, but the challenge of it added to her arousal; once she was taking enough of him, she let go of his dick and used her hand to tease her clit. As she finally took him fully into her throat, nose rested against his pubic hair, Lisa felt a sense of satisfaction, and it was clear from the way Alex had tensed he felt something similar.

"GUH, you don't have to so gentle," Lisa said, gasping for air as she pulled off of him. She started jerking him again as she spoke, her spit making a slick noise as she did so. "I can take it a little rougher."

"If you're sure," Alex said, his voice low as she took him back into her mouth. As he began to thrust into her mouth, Lisa moaned, enjoying the sensation of control being lost. It intensified as she felt Alex's hand come to rest in her hair, holding her in place as he began to push himself deeper into her willing throat.

Lisa closed her eyes, losing herself in the rhythmic thrust of Alex's dick. She loved the feeling of being used, and while Alex wasn't the roughest lover she'd ever been with, it was clear he was letting his baser urges get the better of him as he picked up speed. She continued to masturbate as she gagged on him, feeling the spit build in her throat and provide additional lubrication.

God, it felt so good, so right. This is what she needed, to forget that once again she wasn't the one walking down that aisle. There wasn't anyone that loved her like that, but there were plenty of guys willing to give her what she needed in other ways. And as Alex's thrusts became harder, his moans more ragged and guttural, she could feel she was close to getting exactly what she wanted. Lisa buried two fingers deep in her snatch, pushing herself right to the edge before using her other hand to gently, but rapidly, tug at Alex's nuts. That was all it took to push them both over the edge, Alex crying out "Oh, Lisa!" as he came.

Lisa's body tensed and pulsed with her own orgasm as she felt Alex's cock twitch hard and explode in her throat. Hot semen coated her throat, his dick throbbing as he continued to cum. She moaned loudly around him, her own pleasure intensified by the feeling of him inside her, the tight grip of his hand in her hair, the way he kept crying out. She did that for him, and in that moment, she knew he loved her more than any other woman on Earth.

"Shit..." he gasped a moment later, finally stumbling back and removing himself from her throat. A thick mix of spit and cum trailed with him before it disconnected and splattered down onto Lisa's chest. With a naughty giggle, Lisa gathered the viscous mixture up on her fingers and placed it back in her mouth.

"Enjoy yourself?" Lisa asked, staying on her knees.

"Holy shit, yeah," Alex said, leaning against the wall. His dick had softened, but it still stood at half-mast, and Lisa could tell he'd be ready to go again before long. "I didn't really expect that."

"Glad I could surprise you," Lisa said, slowly crawling towards him. Once she was back in range, she reached out and began to jerk his semi-erection. "I hope you've got at least one more go in you. I need more than fingers to be truly satisfied."

Alex pulled Lisa onto her feet with surprising force, once again resuming their messy make-out session. If he cared where her mouth had just been, he showed no signs, his tongue wrestling with hers as they stumbled to the bed. Lisa collapsed back as her legs hit the side of the bed, and she leaned forward and took his dick back in her mouth now that she was level with it again; he was plenty hard now.

"God, you don't quit," Alex said, not so much complaining as appreciating. He leaned over to the bedside table, grabbing his wallet and fishing out a condom. Lisa continued blowing him right up until he had it out of the wrapper and ready to apply. She watched impatiently as he rolled it on, making sure it was snug and secure on his member. "How do you--"

Alex didn't get a chance to finish his question, Lisa pulling him onto the bed next to her. He landed with a slight bounce, barely recovering before she was on top of him, straddling his hips and holding her body just above his erection. "Just sit back and relax, baby. I'm in the mood for a ride."

"Whatever you say, Lis-ahhh," Alex moaned as Lisa grabbed his dick and guided it into her. With one smooth motion, he was inside of her, and Lisa let out a deep sigh at the full sensation of Alex's dick stretching her walls. For a moment, she just sat there, hands on Alex's chest as she stared into his eyes and smiled. He smiled back, that dopey, excited smile of a guy happy to be getting laid, and for a split-second, it was her turn to feel love for this basic stranger.

But then, the fantasy passed, and she was left with just the yearning feeling inside that told her to start bouncing. So she leaned forward, kissing Alex deeply as she began to fuck herself on his rigid member. It wasn't love, but fuck, it felt good, the size of him, the haphazard way he met her bounces, the tight grip he soon had on her hips. She went faster, the sound of their flesh slapping together growing louder. She was all but twerking on his dick, and she imagined the sight of how she was jiggling on top of him would make him nut instantly. The way he was groaning into her mouth made it clear he wouldn't last longer either way.

And neither would she, not with how fantastic it felt being fucked by his big, hard cock. There was nothing like it, a moment of pure release where she could forget her life, how alone she was. It was all about the dick, the pleasure it brought, the way it pounded into her again and again... and... again...

"FUUCCKK!!" Lisa cried out, her fourth, and largest, orgasm of the night tearing through her body. She collapsed into Alex's chest, gripping him close as her entire body shook. Lights flashed behind her eyes, and for a moment, she was all pleasure and pure energy, the tension inside her released in a rush of joy and sex.

"God, yes!" Alex cried, arms wrapping around Lisa as he thrust up into her one last time and came. Lisa rode another mini-wave of pleasure as she felt his load dump into the condom, not to mention the way he held her close. After a moment, though, his grip released and he pulled out of her. Not wanting to seem too attached, Lisa rolled off of him, collapsing heavily onto the bed.

"That was... wow."

"Yeah, it was," Alex said, placing a hand on her hip. "I'm glad Tatjana sat us at the same table."

"Definitely," Lisa said, waiting to see what would happen next. At this point, he'd either have it in him to go one more time... or he'd just go. Of course, the latter was inevitable, but maybe she could get at least a little more fun out of the night.

As Alex rolled onto his side to face her, the smile on his face told her all she needed to know. She smiled, kissing him deeply again. The fantasy could go on a little longer after all.

*****

Lisa awoke late the next day, the groggy feeling in her head making her happy she'd paid for a late checkout. Glancing at her phone, she saw she still had a couple of hours, and she saw no point in rushing to get home.

Turning over, she was surprised to find someone else who hadn't rushed to get going.

"Hey," Alex said, a sleepy smile on his face.

"Oh," Lisa said, suddenly a bit more awake at the sight. "Hey. I didn't... I figured you'd be gone."

"Well, I was going to head out, but... I realized I hadn't gotten your number."

"Oh." Lisa was surprised again. "You really want it?"

"How else am I going to call and ask you out?" Alex asked, his smile a bit more genuine. "If you're cool with that."

It was Lisa's turn to smile now, and she leaned forward and gave Alex a kiss far gentler than any of the ones from last night. "Absolutely."

THE END