 Brett leaves his promised to be bride standing at the altar for his mother-in-law.

Brett gave his credit card information to an operator before being allowed to speak with one of the women on call.

Ring... Ring...

"Hello. Welcome to Cassandra's telephone sex line. This is Cassandra," said Cassandra with her sugary voice so sultry sweet. "What's your name handsome?"

There was a pause on the other end of the line and Cassandra hoped that the caller didn't get cold feet and hang up the phone. She's had that happen to her plenty of times before. Sometimes, just hearing her voice saying, "Hello," was enough to get some of these pathetic losers to prematurely ejaculate. If they were that easy to get off on a telephone sex line, she couldn't imagine what a dud they'd be in bed.

"Brett, uh, my name is Brett," whispered Brett finally in seemingly pained desperation. "I'm a first time caller. I've never done something like this before, calling a telephone sex line. How does this work? What do I do?"

"Relax Sugar. I'm here to help you," said Cassandra in a soothing and calming voice. "How may I help you, Sugar?"

"Um, I've curious about the emotional and psychological process of before and after a woman loses her virginity," he whispered pausing. "Being that you're an operator at a telephone sex service and being that I assume that you're not a virgin, I was wondering..." he whispered pausing.

"Yes? Wondering what Brett? Tell Cassandra what it is you're wondering. I'm here to help you," said Cassandra.

Figuring she had a live one and could make a few dollars by delaying her response to keep him on the phone longer, she tried her best to hide her Ukrainian accent while speaking in her clearest English.

As if he was holding the phone really close to his face, too close, she heard him breathing. Nothing new for her, she had a lot of heavy breathing callers calling her.

"Can you describe a virgin's first time having sex in detail by, um, maybe describing your first time having sex?"

"Sure," said Cassandra rolling her eyes, sighing, and copying Brett's whispers with her own whispers. Nothing new for her, a lot of callers ask her about her first time having sex. She paused and took her sweet time in responding to his question. "I can do that but why are you whispering Brett?"

"Oh, well, um, I'm calling you from inside a closet," he said.

"Inside a closet?" She laughed. "Baby, you don't have to be in the closest anymore. People will accept you exactly as you are. It doesn't much matter if you're straight, gay, lesbian, a cross dresser, or a transsexual today. This is the time of the rainbow coalition. We embrace everyone the same sexually." 

"No, you don't understand. I'm not gay or a transsexual. I'm one-hundred-percent heterosexual. I'm inside a closet because I don't want anyone to hear me. I don't want anyone to find me," whispered Brett. "And I definitely don't want anyone to know that I'm calling a phone sex line."

"So you're calling me from a closet?" She laughed. "Well, that's a first for me. Now be honest and tell me the truth. Don't be a bad boy by lying to me because I'll know if you're lying. Cassandra always knows a liar," she said scolding him.

"What? What would you like to know Cassandra? Whatever you ask of me, I'll respond honestly," whispered Brett.

"Do you live with your mother? Is that it? Is your mother home now? Shouldn't you be in school? How old are you because I can't talk to you about sex if you're under eighteen-years-old."

"My mother? No I don't live with my mother and being that I'm a college graduate, I'm finished with school. I'm a grown man. I'm not a child," he said with impatient hostility.

"Okay, then, where is this closet located? At home? In your bedroom? And why are you calling me from a closet?" She asked again.

"No, I'm not calling from home. I, um, I'm at a hotel in the closet of the Bridal Suite," he said in a whisper. 

"Bridal Suite? How did get in there? You're not one of those peepers are you? Are you peeping on a couple on their Honeymoon having sex? Wow, that's as sexually exciting as it is naughty. You're such a bad boy Brett," said Cassandra laughing. "Tell me and don't leave out any details. What do you see? Are they being nasty? What do you hear? Are they talking dirty? Now I understand why you're whispering. You're a pervert," whispered Cassandra.

"God, no. I'm not a pervert and I'm not a peeper. I'm not peeping on anyone. This is my bridal suite. I rented it," he said in a whisper.

"Then I don't understand Brett," whispered Cassandra.

"Boy this is really embarrassing and difficult for me to say," whispered Brett.

"There's nothing to be embarrassed about Brett. It's only sex," whispered Cassandra seeming liking this game of having to slowly get information out of him while the minutes ticked by and the dollars added up on his credit card. Happy to prolong the telephone conversation, the longer the phone call lasted the more money she made. As if saying something out of an Eric Segal's Love Story novel, Love means never having to say you're sorry, Cassandra said, "Sex should never be embarrassing, just exciting."

Only this call was different from all the other heavy breathing calls she usually received with the man talking to her on the other end of the phone while masturbating. With him not saying inappropriate things, he didn't seem like one of the typical crude and rude perverts that she usually gets calling her to get off as quickly as they can while not paying her any more than they need pay. He seemed more the gentleman than the degenerate.

"To be honest Cassandra, and this is as embarrassing for me to confess as it is mortifying but I'm about to be married. I'm the groom at my own wedding. Sadly and oddly enough, I feel as if I'm a character in Charles Dickens' Great Expectations novel. This whole thing relationship and subsequent wedding is a nightmare. To loosely quote Dickens, "There have been occasions in my life when I have felt for a time as if a thick curtain had fallen on all of my interests in regards to romance, to shut me out from anything save for a dull endurance of sadness. Never has that curtain dropped so heavily and been so blackly blank, as when my way in life lay stretched out straight before me through the newly entered road of promised matrimony with a woman that I now know that I don't love."

"Oh, my God," whispered Cassandra. "You just had an epiphany. You just admitted that you don't love the woman that you're about to marry."

"No, not at all. Of course I love her. I just have cold feet, that's all. Delaying the wedding, my bride is waiting for me downstairs right now for me to marry her," he whispered. "We're already late for our elaborate wedding reception that her father paid for us to have."

"Really? Your bride is waiting for you? Um, okay, I see, I think," whispered Cassandra. "I'm not telling you what to do or to hang up the phone, being that I'm being paid by the minute but shouldn't you be downstairs with your bride to marry her and to enjoy your wedding reception that her father paid so dearly for you to have?"

"Yes, yes, of course, but I needed to make this call first. I needed to talk to someone. I need to some information," he whispered. "This virginity thing with her not putting out has been a real nightmare for me," he said with as much anger as he said with sorrow.

"Information? Precisely what kind of information do you need to know about virgins?"

"Being that my wife is a shyly, modest virgin, I'm in desperate need of some first time sex information so that I can help her get over her fear of having sexual intercourse with me," whispered Brett.

"Ask me your question and I'll do my best to answer it. I'm not a psychologist or a psychiatrist but I do know something about virgins and virginity," she said with a dirty laugh.

"I need to know how Connie is going to react to being a virgin now that she's married and how she'll react after she's no longer a virgin," whispered Bret. "Listen, I don't want to marry her if she'd going to continue being a cold fish in bed after we're married in the way that she is now. I don't want to marry her, if even after we're married, she doesn't want to give it up and lose her virginity to me. And I don't want to marry her if she'll be angry with me that, even though we're husband and wife, that I took her virginity away from her."

"I see. You poor, poor man. This Connie has you wrapped around her finger. She must be very beautiful. Yes?"

"Yes. Beauty runs in her family. You should see her mother. She's drop dead gorgeous and even more good looking than her daughter," whispered Brett.

"Where's your bride now? Is she there in the closet with you," she said with a loud laugh. "Being that this is your wedding day with your Honeymoon night tonight, shouldn't you be standing at the altar so that you can be in bed with her tonight instead of standing in a closet sugar?"

"Shh, quiet. Someone will hear you," he whispered. "No, no, of course not. Connie isn't in the closet with me. I'm in the closet alone. Connie is downstairs waiting for me to marry her. Listen, I don't have a lot of time. I can't talk very much longer. I need to ask you the questions that I need answers. So can we just get started please and make it fast? I need to get downstairs before they realize that I'm missing," he whispered.

"Being that you're the groom and an integral part of your wedding, I'm sure they're already missing you," she whispered.

"I told them that I had a bad case of nerves and needed to use the bathroom," he whispered. "I told them that I wasn't feeling very well from last night's bachelor's party. I told them that I had too much to drink and that I'm hung over."

"I see. Well, go ahead. Fire away. Ask me whatever you'd like to ask and I'll answer you as honestly as I can," whispered Cassandra.

"Okay," he said taking a deep breath. "You see, Connie, my bride, is a virgin and being that I can't wait to make love to her and can't wait to fuck her, I don't want to come on too strong and frighten her. I definitely don't want to hurt her," whispered Brett.

"Taking your time and being gentle is good, especially when having sex for the first time," whispered Cassandra.

"I've been in blue ball Hell with her for more than two years now and I can't release that furry on her all at once and all in a rush. It's her wedding night too and it just wouldn't be right for me to grope her, mall her, molest her, and have my wicked sexual way with her virginal, naked body. Besides, knowing how shyly modest she is, it wouldn't surprise me if all she gives me is a hand job and goes to sleep while wearing a flannel nightgown with her bra and panties underneath," he whispered.

"Gotcha, Brett, you poor, poor man," whispered Cassandra. "If I was with you now, I'd wrap my hand around you cock and stroke you before sucking you. If I was in the closet with you right now, I'd let you make love to me. I'd allow you to pound my blonde, trimmed pussy. I'd fuck you, Brett, I would."

"Wow, you just gave me an erection Cassandra," said Brett.

"So go ahead and get out of the closet and make yourself comfortable on your bed. Even though I'm a proud member of the mile high club and have had sex in the bathroom of a plane, I don't know how comfy having sex in a hotel closet can be," whispered Cassandra with a little, sexy laugh. "It must be as cramped as it is hot in there."

"I'm comfy enough and I don't want to be out in open should her mother come up looking for me. Please, while making her feel comfortable and sexy, while making her feel that this is something that she wants as much as I want, I need to know how to do seduce my virginal wife," he whispered.

"Okay," she whispered. "First of all sugar, you're worrying over nothing. I'm sure that Connie wants to have sexual intercourse with you as much as you want to have sexual intercourse with her. I'm sure she'll be just as nervous as you are. My advice is to take it slow, have some champagne, relax, talk, but don't rush her. If it doesn't happen tonight, it will happen tomorrow night," whispered Cassandra. "You have the rest of your lives together to explore one another's naked bodies."

"Yeah, okay, that's good advice," he whispered. "Yeah, that all makes sense but you still haven't told me how to make her not be a crazed virgin."

"You're worrying about nothing Sugar. Trust me on this Brett, after waiting years of her adulthood to have sex while maintaining her virginity, now that she's married and you're wife, she'll blossom into your passion flower tonight on this very special night, her wedding night and your Honeymoon night," whispered Cassandra

"Passion flower? That's good. I like that. Maybe I'll call her that later. Too focused on sex, I'm always at a loss for words," he whispered.

"Tell me more of what she's like for me to better help you," whispered Cassandra while trying to extend the conversation longer to earn more money.

"Well, we've lived together for the past few months and even though we've done everything else but for sexual intercourse, she's the type who undresses in the bathroom with the door closed and locked. She comes in the bedroom with off all the lights turned off," said Brett. 

"Christ, I hope she doesn't do that tonight. Being that this is your Honeymoon night, that would just be so wrong," whispered Cassandra.

"I know. I've been dying to see her naked," whispered Brett. "Which leads me to my next request?"

"Next request and not a question?"

Cassandra had a puzzled look on her face.

* * * * *

"Actually, the real reason why I'm calling you is, in case she doesn't allow me to make love to her before fucking her, I thought you could make me cum," whispered Brett.

"Pardon?"

"I was hoping you could talk dirty to me enough to make me cum. I've been so horny and sexually frustrated lately, especially with all the plans for the wedding and after not receiving very much sex from my fiancé," whispered Brett. 

"Make you cum?"

"Yes, isn't that what you do? You talk explicitly dirty to men for them to cum while they masturbate," whispered Brett. "I need to masturbate. I need to cum Cassandra."

"Yes, I understand all of that, of course, but this is the day of your wedding and tonight is your wedding night," whispered Cassandra with a bit of shock in her voice. "Wouldn't you want to save your energy and your cum for your bride?"

"Nah, she doesn't swallow and chances are she won't allow me to fuck her. Please Cassandra. I'm so horny and I'm so tired of being sexually frustrated. At this point in time if one of the bridesmaids or her mother propositioned me, I'd do them," whispered Brett.

"Really? You'd do your mother-in-law?"

"If you saw my mother-in-law, you'd understand," whispered Brett. "She's hot."

* * * * *

"Okay, unzip yourself, take out your cock and I'll see what I can do to ease some of your sexual tension," whispered Cassandra. "Do you have a tissue?"

"I do. Thank you Cassandra," whispered Brett.

"Are you ready?"

"Yes, I'm ready. I have my cock in my hand and I'm slowly stroking myself to an erection. You have a sexy voice by the way," whispered Brett.

"Thank you," whispered Cassandra.

"Tell me, I'm just curious, what do you look like?"

She laughed a dirty laugh in her sexy, sultry voice.

"What do you imagine me looking like?"

"Tall, blonde, beautiful, and busty with big, blue eyes," whispered Brett.

"Wow," whispered Cassandra. "It's as if you're a psychic and as if you can see me through the phone, you described me perfectly," she said with a laugh.

If only he knew the best part of her was her sexy, sultry voice. If only he knew that she was short, obese, had small, A cup breasts and wasn't very pretty, he probably wouldn't even want to talk to her never mind flirt with her.

"Okay, here we go. Connie appeared nervous as she walked toward the bed. She was wearing a see-through pink nightie," whispered Cassandra.

"No, not pink. She hates pink but loves blue. Say that she's wearing a blue nightie instead," whispered Brett.

"Okay, she's wearing a blue, see-through nightgown that's detailed in satin and lace. With the moonlight filtering in through the closed window, even in the dark, unlit room, you can still see the shape of her naked breasts and the impressions that her big nipples made in her nightgown," whispered Cassandra.

"Yeah, that's good. I like tits and she has big ones, C cuppers," said Brett. "Like mother like daughter, her mother has big tits too. She's a MILF. I only hope that Connie looks like her mother when she's her age," whispered Brett.

"How old is her mother?"

"Um, I don't know actually, forty-something, maybe forty-seven or forty-eight but she looks ten years younger. She looks thirty-something instead of forty-something. Trust me, if I wasn't marrying her daughter, I'd do her mother," whispered Brett with a dirty laugh.

"How old are you?"

"I'm twenty-five?"

"And Connie? How old is she?"

"She's 22-years-old. She didn't want to get married until after she graduated college and she graduated this May," whispered Brett.

"Wow, graduating college in May and being married in September, it's a big year for you," whispered Cassandra. "I'll tell you what. Let's take some of the pressure of your wedding night. Instead of talking sexy about your new bride, what if we talk sexy about your MILF of a future mother-in-law," whispered Cassandra. "Would you like that?"

"Oh, my God, yeah. I'd love that," whispered Brett. "Where Connie hasn't made love to me, I bet her mother would," he whispered in a dirty voice. "I can imagine her being a wildcat in bed."

"What's her name?"

"Sophia. Her name is Sophia, whispered Brett while allowing her name to roll off of his tongue. "Where Connie is hard sounding to say, Sophia is so sexily soft to utter. Sophia. I just love her name. I wish Connie's name was Sophia. Her parents named her after the famous actress, Sophia Loren, only she's much prettier than Sophia Loren," whispered Brett allowing her name just to roll of his tongue again. "Where Connie is so hard sounding, Sophia is so soft sounding. It's difficult to whisper Connie's name but so easy to whisper Sophia's name while in bed with her naked."

"I see. So, you've already thought about seeing your future mother-in-law naked?"

"Yes, many times while masturbating, I've thought of her topless and/or naked while having sex with me," whispered Brett.

"Okay then, tell me what Sophia looks like," whispered Cassandra.

"She's tall, 5' 9" tall, a few inches taller than Connie. Connie is 5' 5" tall. She has bigger breasts than Connie too, definitely a D cup. She has short, straight brown hair that comes down past her chin. Especially for an older woman, she's very pretty. Having not seen any old photos of her, I can't imagine what she must have looked like when she was Connie's age. If she looks this good now, she must have been spectacular twenty years ago. Actually, now that I think more about it, she resembles Mimi Rogers only prettier," whispered Brett.

"Mimi Rogers? Wow," she must be hot then," whispered Cassandra. "So, let's switch to talking dirty about your mother-in-law then to get you off, shall we?"

"Definitely," whispered Brett.

* * * * *

"Sophia eases herself in bed beside you. She looks like the heavenly Goddess that she is. Dressed in her sheer, practically see through blue nightgown, unlike her shyly, modest, virginal daughter, she turns on the light by the nightstand to give you a better view of her hot body hidden beneath the thin material," whispered Cassandra.

"Oh, my God," whispered Brett while stroking himself a little faster. "I can see her. I can really see her," whispered Brett. "Only, instead of a blue nightgown, make her nightgown pink. She likes pink."
