 As far as Justin was concerned, he had never heard about anyone in even a position similar to the one he was in. It first started when he took the job catering for weddings. It wasn't much, if he was lucky he made enough money to pay for his schoolbooks and lab fees but it left a lot of time for studying, as well as all the socializing he was busy with back then. 

It was a Friday in early May and he was busy setting up the display for the reception when he was approached by two women dressed identically in bridesmaids dresses. The wedding was about to begin so he was wondering why they were in the reception tent rather than their places in the chapel.

"Hi," one of them flirted. She had her auburn hair pulled back into a ponytail. Tiny plastic flowers were scattered in her hair. "Looks like hard work," she winked. "Why don't you come take a walk with us?" Looking around, Justin couldn't see his boss so, as they grabbed each of his hands, he allowed himself to be pulled past the large white entrance of the reception tent. 

The wedding was at a ski resort during the early summer when business was at its slowest. The slopes had turned a verdant green and the mountains, with only the very tops covered in pure white, loomed around them. He could imagine how beautiful the area looked covered in white with anxious skiers all around. The girls walked a couple paces ahead of him, looking over their shoulder every few steps to make sure he was still following them. His gaze remained on the sway of their hips under the shiny pink of their taffeta bridesmaid's gowns. 

He grew cautious when they led him into the woods, images from horror and porn films playing simultaneously in his head. A few yards in, he noticed a bloom of white peeking from behind the trunk of a thick tree. As they walked closer, the bride of the day, dressed completely in her ensemble stepped in front of them. 

"Thank you ladies," she smiled at her two friends. "Did anyone see you?" They both shook their heads no then looked at Justin and back at their friend, smiling wickedly. The bride sauntered to him and stopped just out of arm's reach. He watched her, uncertain, as she slowly lifted her pearl veil and he saw her bright blue eyes almost the color of sapphire. Her lips were a pale pink, beautiful but subtle enough to accentuate her makeup without taking attention away from her beautiful eyes. 

With a bridesmaid at each side, she reached down to grasp the hem of the gown as it touched the forest floor. Each woman at her side did the same and, following the bride's lead, slowly lifted. Justin watched and grew interested as the gown was lifted above her ankles, up her sleek calves, to her knees and stopping at mid thigh. 

He found himself growing impatient and looked up at her. Noticing his stare, she teased him, slowing her movement. The unblemished white satin of her gown revealed the smooth flesh of her thighs slowly, inch by inch. Justin reacted to it physically. 

After a torturously slow tease, the women held the gown over the bride's hips, allowing him to view the freshly shaved, well tended pussy just out of his reach. While reaching over her shoulders, she unsnapped the front of her gown while her bridesmaids helped free her. He watched when, with a shimmy of her hips, the greater part of the gown dropped to the forest floor and she stood before him wearing a push up bra, French cut lace panties, garters and invisibly thin stockings. The pure white of her lingerie accented the warm color of her flesh and he stood mesmerized.

She stopped an inch in front of him and looked up towards him. Her breath was warm on his neck and he felt her breath race from excitement. The scent of her sex flowed off her and the stiffness in his pants was now becoming painful. 

The other two women appeared at his side and, without asking for his approval, began unbuttoning the starched black trousers that was his work uniform. He didn't seem to mind as his attention was spent admiring the half naked woman in front of him. She dropped to her knees, clearing a patch of ground on which to rest. 

She examined his cock and placed a soft hand beneath his balls to get a better look. "Very nice," commented the woman on his left and though it was obvious he was largest than most men, perhaps any man any of them had ever seen, they all remained silent. 

"Yes, he will do," said the bride. "I'm going to enjoy this."

The two bridesmaids began immediately. One unbuttoned his bleached white uniform shirt while the other went to work on his shoes, untying and pulling them off. Though he was confused, he allowed it. His cock hung impatiently in the air and his eyes never left the soft pussy of the woman in front of him.

"Wouldn't Martin be jealous if he saw him!" said the younger woman at his left.

"Oh yes," the one at his right answered. "But that's not why Sarah's marrying him. Such a godly man as he would never allow such depravity as a naked, sweaty fuck in the woods!" They laughed and she continued. "No, sex is only to make children and once he's had his fun, his wife is expected to just lay back and let his seed take root, regardless of her orgasm."

"Too bad he's sterile."

They laughed. "Yes, what a pity. Now she'll be forced to spend her marriage seeking out young studs with good genes whenever he expects her to conceive." 

They eyed him hungrily. " I think this one excels in that department. Look at this." Her hand reached out to grasp his stiffened boner. His chest expanded in anticipation but, just as quickly as she touched him, her friend scolded her.

"That's for the blushing bride. It's her day, you know."

He descended to his knees before her. She was reclining against the root of a large oak, the material of her dress pulled to above her hips. Between them, her quim glistened, growing damp in anticipation of his surging member. She reached up to him, one arm going around his neck to stroke the soft hairs back there. The other more roughly held his nipple, twisting it slightly. Her lips to his ear, she softly intoned; "Not a word. Just fill me. Enter me and let go."

The tip of his prick brushed the slick lips of her pussy now and her legs wrapped around him, pulling him closer. Her sex parted, taking him in as they both held each other's eyes. She was wet, and hotter than he'd ever felt. All of his past lovers had been young and inexperienced. Entering her was a milestone in his life, and he knew that everyone before her would be quickly forgotten after tpday. 

She noticed his reaction and held a hand to his face, gingerly touching his flushed cheek. He opened his mouth as if to speak and she gently tugged on his bottom lip and slid her forefinger on the very tip of his tongue. He closed around her, tongue bathing her digit and tasting the clean, perfumy taste of her skin. He opened again and she pulled it out, smearing the wetness along his chin and cheek. Then he lowered his body onto her, feeling his balls press against her soft asscheeks, and reached for a kiss.

She made no show of resistance, but graciously offered her lips to him. His kiss was generous, tender and loving, much more than she expected from one such as he. His width stretched her hole, but not unpleasantly. She felt full and soon she had her arms wrapped around him, her fingers gripping his firm ass cheeks to pull him deeper into her.

Her pussy felt warmer and tighter than he'd ever imagined a woman could feel. His cock skimmed along her insides, alighting each tender area of his shaft as he manfully slid into her and back again. He was dripping wet as each backstroke dribbled more of her juices out of her tightness. They coated his balls and collected on the forest floor below. With each movement, he became more eager until he was pounding into her forcefully, His heavy balls slapping against her dripping lips with a wet, sloppy sound. 

It was heaven for her. She'd always hoped her wedding day would be like this. Sex with her fiancé was limiting. To him it was a chore, a task that was listed along with his other duties as her man; meeting her family, putting the toilet seat down and making love to his wife. For her it was so much more. She had always been a sexually vibrant woman and though she loved him, she couldn't imagine spending the rest of her life in a sexual sleep. She had to have someone that would own her, take her body as he wished, use her and leave her dripping like a woman should be with a man. She lived for the feeling of a cock inside her, pistoning into the tenderest spot of her womanhood. She needed it. Tears welled in her eyes and she clutched the neck of her lover, thankful for his cock, thankful for the feelings he lit inside her. 

As he tilted his hips, she gasped in pleasure. He felt a warm patch of her sex that gave when stroked by his length. It caused her to burst. Juices flowed down his shaft as he continued pressing gently. Her nails became sharp now, and she dug into his well-muscled back, leaving small crescents on his skin.

The two bridesmaids looked down at the lovers, growing aroused themselves. They recognized the sound of their friend's climax from the time they spent together as roommates. Her moans were enough to be heard from outside the apartment. Often, while masturbating or with a lover, she would wake them from her room down the hall. They studied the strong ass of her lover as he drove into her rapidly, his body slapping against her opened legs.

Justin clenched her tightly, not allowing her to break free. She twisted and almost fought him now, her body no longer in control as her orgasm surged through her. With a screech that caused a flock of birds to scatter above them, she came and fell limp against the forest floor. 

At that very moment, his body responded in kind. The volume of his come overcame his body and filled the length of his prick, tearing out of his cock and splashing the inside of her womb. Her eyes fluttered open as she felt it- a warm sensation coating her inner walls- and she smiled weakly, her vision clouding from exhaustion. 

His arms held his body above her as he looked down at his lover. Her body was twisted, her arms and legs sprawled in different directions. Her skin was reddened, flushed pink and pale white. Her bridal gown lay in dirty clumps. Mud was streaked across some of it, as well as puddles of their combined sweat. Carefully, he extracted himself from her body with a wet pop. Their combined juices covered his cock. A trail of his come hung limply from the head of his prick. Despite what had just transpired, his member had lost little of its exuberance. It hung in midair, as if in victory.

Reaching for his pants, he unceremoniously began to dress. Stunned by the display, the two women reached for their weakened friend and helped her rise. He watched them go, the bride almost having to be dragged. She rested her head on her friend and Justin saw a tear in the dress that left the bare right cheek of her ass, now covered in dirt, open for all to view. 

Near the end of the afternoon, Justin watched to doors of the chapel explode open with the groom, a large dull faced man, leading his new wife down the steps amid a spray of confetti. From the distance, he could see she had reapplied her makeup and her gown looked almost fresh. 

Her guests enjoyed the festivites, some of the older matrons even offering to set him up with their daughters when they learned he was single. The two bridesmaids only briefly kept their eyes off him, as if afraid he would disrupt the proceedings. He only watched the guests dance and enjoyed the peaceful feeling that surrounded him. His cock was satiated and he took comfort in the fact that his child was blossoming in the belly of a beautiful bride. 

Though they never spoke again, he watched as she shared the first dance with her new husband. He danced stiffly and as she pressed herself against his flat chest, he wondered how she felt to dance with her husband so closely while the seed of another man filled her and dripped down her thigh. In nine months she would be very happy, delivering a healthy, happy child that looked nothing like her husband.