 Josie and Alan had been sleeping together for about a year. They had met through work, he the older, successful man, and her the new, capable recruit. It didn't matter that he was married to another woman, or that Josie was in a long-term relationship with another man. They were irresistibly attracted to each other. Their bodies met in perfect sync when they were together. The orgasms were simultaneous and mind-blowing. Secret moments were stolen during the week; sometimes she'd come to his office and they'd do it frantically on his desk. Josie had taken to going for walks in the evening, for her health she told her boyfriend Richard. But once she was around the corner of her street Alan would be waiting in the car. They'd drive off to a deserted car park and fuck like desperate animals, clawing at each other as the car windows steamed up. It was a passionate, obsessive relationship, most probably destructive for the both of them in the long run.

Josie had long given up the hope of Alan leaving his wife for her. At times she would get angry, resentful of the commitment he made, and want to ring up his wife and reveal all. Sometimes she would tell herself she would end it, that she loved Richard too much and that he was all she needed. It was during one of these times that Richard proposed to her. Saying yes to marriage made her feel like a new woman. She would be committed to Richard and him alone. She would settle into married life and start again, without the shame that being an adulteress brought.

Against her better judgement she allowed one more meeting with Alan. He deserved to be told it was over in person. He was allowed to come to her home, Richard out at work all day. Josie resisted touching Alan when he arrived, leading him into the lounge without making eye-contact. He immediately knew something was wrong, but he didn't worry too much. She had tried to break it off before, and she always came back begging for more.

"Richard and I are getting married." Josie stated matter-of-factly as Alan took a seat.

"Are you?" Alan couldn't think of anything else to say.

"Yes. He proposed two days ago and I accepted." She paused. "I...I love him." Josie could still not look Alan in the eye. Her heart was beating fast and despite herself she felt her pussy twinging with the familiar presence of Alan.

"I know you do. And he loves you." Alan stood up. "And I love you."

Josie looked up into Alan's face. "It doesn't matter." She felt like she would throw up.

"Maybe it does" Alan reached out and touched her face. Josie shied away from his touch and crossed the room.

"No. What we had was wonderful, but I'm moving on. I wanted to tell you in person. You can move on too." Josie indicated the conversation was over, standing by the doorway.

Alan walked silently across the room stopping by Josie. He could hear her breathing deeply. He touched her face again, this time she tried to move away but backed into the wall. He moved quickly, holding her face and kissing her, pressing her body against the wall with his. She accepted his kiss and he felt her getting more excited as her hands moved up his body towards his shoulders. Josie was rhythmically pushing herself into Alan as they kissed deeply. He groaned into her mouth and moved one hand under her shirt collar feeling her neck, then further down to her collarbone. She started to moan at his touch, but suddenly pushed his face away with her hands.

"No!" She stepped into the hallway. "You have to leave." She held the front door open for him.

Alan was catching his breath after the kiss. He slowly walked toward the door. She was avoiding his gaze again.

"You know where to find me if you change your mind" Alan said as he left. Josie closed the door with relief, and then began to cry.

It was 5 months since Josie had seen Alan. It was also her wedding day. Richard had agreed to a short engagement at Josie's suggestion. She really wanted to get it over with, have it done so she couldn't go back on it. She somehow believed her feelings for Alan would disappear once she said 'I do.'

Everyone was busy around Josie. She sat in her underwear, having her make up applied while bridesmaids and relatives scurried around her, grabbing flowers, adjusting hair and gossiping about outfits. Josie felt like she was in a bubble, in the room but somehow separated from the rest of them. Her mind felt full but she couldn't concentrate on any one thought. 

"Jitters are perfectly normal" Josie's sister's voice broke the veil of silence around her.

"What?" Josie asked.

"You're shaking, Jose. It's alright, I was nervous before I got married too. It doesn't help Aunt Marie is running around like a chicken with its head cut off. She'll calm down once the ceremony starts, and so will you."

"Right. It's fine. I'm fine." Josie mustered a smile.

"Good girl" Her sister patted her on the head and went off to see to her own make up.

An hour later and Josie was by herself in the bride's preparation room at the convention centre where the ceremony and reception was to take place. She had asked for some time to herself. Staring into the mirror she didn't hear the door opening.

"You look beautiful" It was Alan's voice. Josie turned to him, surprised and apprehensive. 

"What are you doing here?"

"I heard today was the big day. Don't worry, you don't have to set a place for me at dinner, I won't stay for the reception."

Josie looked Alan up and down. "That's a new suit."

He smiled. "Thought the occasion warranted one."

"Where's Renee?" Josie asked after his wife.

"She's mingling with the other guests. She was excited to come."

"And you?"

"I came to see you."

"You shouldn't have." Josie stood up from the vanity unit, moving carefully in her dress. She moved over to the table in the middle of the room and picked up the necklace she was to wear. She tried to do the clasp behind her head but her hair-do and the restriction of the dress made it hard.

"Let me help you." Alan stepped up to her and took the necklace. Josie could feel his breath on her neck as he fitted the clasp. His fingers brushed her neck and she thought how long it had been since he'd touched her. She felt her body shudder and closed her eyes.

"Did I say you looked beautiful?" Alan whispered close to her ear.

Josie didn't answer but gasped as Alan kissed her ear lobe softly. She felt herself melt as his fingers ran over her bare shoulders and he kissed down the side of her neck.

"You shouldn't be here" Josie heard herself say but knew there was no conviction in it.

"It's okay. I locked the door. We'll be quiet." Alan's hands moved down her body, resting on her hips and pulling her back into his body. He continued to nibble her neck as she took up the rhythmic rubbing of her ass into his groin. Alan moved one hand up again and rubbed her breast through her dress, squeezing it and making her gasp again.

"Do you want me?" Alan whispered, flicking his tongue out and licking her neck.

"It's been so long..." Josie could barely think straight but knew her pussy was getting wet.

"Do you want me inside you?"

"Yes...please..."

"Then bend over."

Josie did as he said and leant over the table in front of her. She felt his hands grab the bottom of her dress and begin to lift it. Alan was on his knees behind her and kissed her thighs as he raised the dress up to her waist. He was surprised to see she had no panties.

"You look ready for me." He leant forward and gently kissed her exposed pussy. Her hips twitched and she moaned lightly. Her hands gripped the edge of the table as she steadied herself and spread her legs as far as she could in the confines of the dress. Alan licked her pussy again, making sure Josie was wet enough to take his cock. He could feel himself getting hard in his suit. He stood up and unzipped his pants. Josie let out a little moan at the sound and he could almost see her pussy trembling in anticipation. Alan ran his hand over his cock as it popped free from his pants. Touching Josie's pussy and feeling her juices beginning to flow he rubbed some of that juice on his cock, making it glisten as it stiffened even more.

"Oh god, please" Josie gasped.

Alan positioned himself behind her open cunt and entered her slowly. They both moaned with the tightness as he moved himself further inside and her pussy accepted him readily. 

"Shit," Alan said. "I forgot how fucking tight you are. Are you ready to fuck me?"

"Yes...yes, fuck me." Josie gripped the table tighter.

Alan pushed himself as far as he could into her cunt then withdrew himself slightly before plunging back again. Josie's hips began to move in time with his, their skin touching as he thrust ever harder. Josie's breathing was getting more ragged as he fucked her faster. He put his hands under her wedding dress and held onto her bare hips, getting a good hold so he could pump hard. Her pussy muscles were clenching his cock as it forced its way into her over and over.

"Oh yes, oh god, oh yes..."Josie was almost chanting to herself. One of her hands went down to her pussy and rubbed her clit. The table began to creak as their movements became more frantic.

"Oh fuck, Josie, I'm going to cum in your pussy."

"Oh, do it. I'm cumming too" She was gasping for air as her breasts were flattened against the wood of the table top and she felt Alan's balls slap against her bare ass.

"Here it is..."Alan's whole body convulsed as he shut his eyes and let his cock shoot his hot semen into Josie's pussy. He felt her body tense under him as her pussy clenched onto his cumming cock and spilt her own juice. He leant down over her body, his hands under her, feeling her breasts while they came together, in almost silence. They stayed together like this for a few moments, letting his cock go soft and slip out of her. He whispered into her ear that he loved her, that he loved her body, he loved her pussy and he would never let her go. Tears formed behind Josie's eyes as she thought of what she had done, and what she was about to do.

A knock on the door broke the silence.

"Hey, Jose! Why'd you lock the door? It's time, babe! Your future husband is waiting for you." Josie's sister yelled from the other side of the door.

"Fuck..." Josie whispered, then more loudly to her sister. "I'm almost ready. I'll be out in a second."

Alan moved away from her and pulled up his pants. Josie slowly stood up, her dress skirt falling down to where it should be, covering her pink, wet pussy. She looked at Alan.

"I have to get married now." She said, smoothing down her dress. She moved over to the mirror and checked her make-up. Luckily none of her tears had done any damage. "Does my dress look messy?" She asked Alan.

"Not to me." He smiled, and she couldn't help but smile back. "I'll wait in here till you get to the ceremony."

"Right. Good." She walked towards the door, but stopped next to Alan, kissed him, deeply, her hands in his hair. "I love you. We'll talk after today."

"Of course. I love you too. Now, you better get going." He stepped behind the door so he wouldn't be seen as Josie straightened herself and unlocked the door. He heard her sister squeal with delight and listened while their footsteps faded down the hall. So, she's getting married, he thought, but she will always come back to me. He smiled to himself and carefully left the room.