 After the wedding, my wife met me in the parking lot of the church. She was wearing a peach colored bridesmaids dress. 

"That was a decent ceremony," I said.

"A little long." She smiled.

"Will you be riding with me?"

"Actually, we have to take more pictures. And I guess the bride wants to make some stops." She rolled her brown eyes.

"I'll just go back to the room then."

"No," she said. "You shouldn't."

"I'm not going to sit around the ballroom and wait for the tables to fill up."

My wife scanned the parking lot with her eyes. It was a hot day. Men in suits, women in floral print dresses were grouped and chatting. A summer wedding. "There," she said. She pointed. 

"Its not polite to point," I said.

"Give it a rest," she said. "There's my friend Dara."

"Dara, Dara?"

"We had dinner with her like two months ago."

"Oh, Dara."

"I think she's meeting some of the bride's college friends for drinks. You should join her."

"That might be awkward."

My wife waved and caught Dara's eye. Dara started walking over. She was wearing a skirt, blouse. She had shoulder length brown hair.

"Quite the ceremony," Dara said. She took another step and then we were standing in a triangle. My wife and Dara told each other they looked good.

"Dara, Mike doesn't have anything to do."

"I don't have any friends," I said.

"At least you're coming to terms with it," my wife said.

"Mike, why don't you join me?" Dara said.

"I'm tired really. I could use a nap."

"Come on," Dara said. "We're going to a bar. Some friends. Its going to be a great time. Weddings are so fun." Dara said this and a little sarcasm crept into her voice.

"Why don't you go, Mike?" My wife said.

"Yeah," Dara said. "I'll even drive."

"Well."

"Great," my wife said. "Its two now. The reception starts at five. I'll see you both there."

"I guess," I said.

Dara smiled and said good-bye to my wife. I gave my wife a pained looked, and followed Dara to her car.

Dara was driving and I was riding. I watched out the window, and looking over at her on occasion to make small talk. Her skirt went to the edge of the driver's seat, and after that was milky smooth, toned leg down to her black high heels.

'Where are we going?" I asked.

"Just this little place. Something quiet. I'm sure we'll get plenty of noise later on."

"No doubt." Out the window were typical suburban homes in various shades of white and blue. The grass was green, the trees were full with leaves. The traffic was light. We turned off a four-lane street, slowing down and rolling through a residential neighborhood.

Dara and I talked. We covered jobs, a little sports, and eventually my married life. I was happy, I told her.

"Good," she said. "Mary's really nice."

"Yeah, I got lucky."

Dara turned left and told me we were almost there.

"I didn't know you looked so good in a suit," she said.

"Mary picked it out."

"She's got good taste."

There was silence, and I could see up ahead the parking lot we were about to turn into. Dara flipped on her blinker. The car was quiet, but not uncomfortable. Tension.

Dara parked the car and looked around the lot. We walked into the bar. The bartender had his back to the door, was watching golf on a television over the bar.

Dara sat down at a table. The waitress came by.

"I think they'll be six," she said.

"Do you want to wait?" 

"We're not eating." Dara paused. "I'll have a long island iced tea."

The waitress looked at me. "Whiskey and coke."

She came back with our drinks. Dara and I sipped and talked. A couple walked into the bar. Dara introduced them ,we all shook hands and they ordered drinks. He was an engineer, she was a secretary. A couple more filtered in and joined us. We all drank. I watched Dara. She had one iced tea, then another. She was looking at me. I'd look back. She'd smile at me, and I'd smile back.

Dara looked at me and nodded towards the door. She stood up. "Well, we should really be going." The group urged us to stay. Dara said she had to get ready for the reception, and maybe I needed a nap. I looked at my watch. It was three o'clock.

We were in the car, pulling out of the lot. 

"They all seemed like good people," I said.

"Definitely," Dara said. "But I had to get out of there. Kinda smokey."

"It was smokey."

"And loud," she said. "I had to yell to be heard."

"That's true."

I figured she'd take me back to the hotel, but I didn't say anything.

I couldn't tell where we were driving, but I didn't think it was back to the hotel. I was a little drunk. Dara's skirt was riding higher now. 

"Do you mind if stop by my place?" Dara asked.

"No, no, that's fine."

"I forgot something." She looked over at the dashboard clock. "And we have time."

"No problem."

We drove five minutes longer and turned into a parking lot. Dara parked and opened her door. 

"You can come up," she said.

I hadn't moved. 

"It might be a minute."

"All right." I got out of the car and followed her up the stairs to her apartment.

Dara's apartment was dark, and it smelled faintly of flowers. 

"I'll just be a second," she said.

I sat down on the couch. It was soft, leather. In front of it was a coffee table, and on that a remote. The television was a flat screen. I picked up the remote and turned on the television. Dara came back out.

"Good idea," she said. She sat on the couch. "We can watch a little t.v., sober up."

"What do you like?"

"Doesn't matter." Dara looked at me and smiled. She had big brown eyes.

I flipped through the channels.

"Wait," she said. She looked at me.

"What's that?" I asked. I looked at her.

Her lips were soft and full as she leaned in and kissed me. Her lips parted, and I felt her tounge. I met it with my own. My hands wrapped around her sides. She pulled her mouth away from mine.

"I'm sorry," she said. "You're married."

"Its all right," I said.

"I don't know what got into me."

We leaned in and kissed. Her mouth was warm and wet. I could taste the alcohol. She pulled away again.

"We should stop," she said.

"Right, yeah." 

We stopped again, but it didn't last. We went after each other harder now. She was leaning into me. Our tounges mixed. Her mouth tasted good. I had one hand on her side, and the other near her ear. I squeezed her lobe between my fingers. 

"I'm so wet," she said.

I felt her hand on my hand that was on her side. She took it, and started pulling it down to the hem of her skirt. I felt the hot skin of her bare leg under my hand. I started sliding up her thigh. Dara let out a soft moan of approval. I went higher. I could feel her heat. I pressed my fingers up against her panties softly. I ran them from top to bottom, gently rubbing the fabric between her legs.

"You can go under my panties."

The fabric of her panties was soft, but had a texture. I slid the fabric over and slid my finger softly down her hot lips. I traced her slit, stopped over her clit and rubbed slowly. 

Dara was sucking my ear as I rubbed her clit. I moved my finger, slowly pressing it between her lips and pushed it inside of her. She was hot and wet and tight on my finger. She moaned softly in my ear, and ran her hand down between my legs. She squeezed me through my jeans as I fingered her slowly. 

I felt her hand on the button of my jeans, then felt them open. Her hand pushed down into my pants, under my boxers. She wrapped her soft, hot hand around my cock and started stroking softly.

"You're so hard," she said.

"You're so hot."

"Do you want to have sex?"

"Yes," I said.

We kept kissing. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Dara's hands move to her hips. She slid her panties down her legs and kicked them off.

Dara straddled me on the couch, he hot slit hovering inches over my hard cock. She smiled at me, then lowerd herself down on my cock. My head pressed between her wet lips, sliding slowly all the into her. Dara moaned, sliding her hot, wet box up and down my cock.

"Your cock feels so good," she said, moaning softly.

I moaned my self, grunted. "You're really tight Dara. You feel so fucking good."

Dara moaned and started sliding up and down on my cock faster. I could feel her wet lips sliding down every inch of my shaft.

Dara lifted her shirt up, then pulled her bra down. I put my mouth over her hard nipples. Her breasts were perky and hot. I sucked her nipples, my tounge swirling around them, pressing hard into them.

Dara started moving her hips faster as I sucked her nipples. She was breathing heavy, and I could feel her pulse around my cock.

"Oh God Mike I'm gonna cum."

She gripped my shoulders and let out a long, soft moan. She slowed her hip movement, riding me slowly now. She kissed my neck, my ear.

"You can come in me," She said. "I'm on the pill."

"Are you sure?"

"Yeah."

Dara continued sliding up and down my wet shaft, slowly. My cock throbbed in her. She was kissing my neck. I could smell sex and hear the soft smacking noise of my cock sliding in and out of her wet pussy.

"I'm gonna come Dara."

Dara kept sliding. I grabbed her hips, pushed deep in her and felt myself release into her. 

When I was done, Dara slid off me. 

"I can't believe we did that."

"Neither can I," I said.

Dara started laughing. I smiled.

"You're a good fuck," she said.

"You're not so bad yourself."

She leaned over and kissed me on the mouth.

"I'd rather stay here and do that again than go to that wedding."

"Me too," I said.

We both stared ahead for a second.

"Are you going to tell your wife?"

"Are you kidding?"

Dara laughed. She leaned over and started kissing me again. She put her hand on my still wet cock, started stroking, but I didn't get hard again.

"We're going to be late," I said.

"I know." Dara smiled. "Isn't she going out of town soon?"

"Maybe," I said.

Dara reached down to the floor, came up sliding her panties back on.

"I suppose," she said.

"Yeah."

We both got dressed and left her apartment. We were quiet on the drive, and ignored each other during the reception. That night, before I went to bed, my wife asked if I had a good time with Dara. She thought it was strange we didn't talk at the reception.