 Sweat beaded at Saija's temples, distracting her attention from her best friend Tula. Gowns were spread across several brocade chairs, and the look on Tula's face was pure frustration. Saija dabbed at her brow with the back of one neatly manicured fingernail, and smiled half heartedly.

"Sure, I know you regret accepting the position as my maid of honor, but is it really that bad, Tula? We have already chosen a gorgeous peach colored dress you look stunning in, now I need something!" 

Tula brushed an imaginary stray golden lock back into her tightly hair sprayed French twist. Her tongue swept from her lips into a cat like grin.

"You are right dear, as your maid of honor might I press on your memory of that slinky sleeveless Malesco from a while ago? It flattered your figure, and made your best assets front and center..." Tula's voice trailed off as Saija looked away. She knew her best friend's mind had been elsewhere the last few weeks. "Saija, is something bothering you?

Saija thought back to the reason why she had agreed to marry Westin. She really needed to forget the reasons that were making her think twice about why she was planning this wedding. He made her delightfully happy and everything until now had been perfect. Not only was he gorgeous with sandy blonde hair, chocolate brown eyes, and a weight lifter's build, but he was also the charismatic, super smart CEO of a Fortune 500 company. Despite all that, things had still taken a rough turn after such a long romance between the two. 

The betrothed had met when she was a secretary at a company where he was presenting his product. After only several minutes of ogling eyes sent back in forth as he waited for her boss, a date night had been set for the following week. Although there had been definite sparks, and they had been so alike, they dated for several months before taking themselves off the market. The only hurried thing about their entire four year relationship was their engagement, lasting only a shockingly short two months. He proposed, handed her his credit card and sent her off to plan and execute the wedding of her dreams within two months. He however was away on business, thousands of miles away in Paris for the whole time. Tula thought he was trying to distract her from his extended absence. 

Staring down at the shiny exquisitely cut two caret diamonds on her finger usually brought butterflies to Saija's stomach. Excitement of becoming Mrs. Westin Floresk made her glow like no other. It was just recently that her ring became something she avoided looking at. When it was new, its weight reminded her of Westin, of the long splendidly happy life she was going to have. Now it was just a rock, heavy and gaudy, a bobble that her mother would have killed for, but something she knew she was taking for granted.

"Earth to Saija, you've been standing in front of the mirror wearing that dress in a daze for about five minutes now. Do you like it or no?" Tula woke Saija from her trance.

"Oh, man I guess I zoned out," she looked down at the pretty lace floral bordering around the high waist hemline, and the ruffles at the straps. The creamy white did set off her tan, and the fluff of the shirt did not leave much to desire. Glancing up at her face Saija sighed at the start of dark circles beneath her usually green and perky eyes. "Let's take it, and run like hell before I change my mind."

----------------

Skillful fingers tugged at her hardening nipples, turned cherry red from tongue and teeth lapping at their pointed tips. He rolled the ball of her right nip between his fingers until she tossed her head back, pelvis tilting upward to grind against his flat abs. He let more of his weight press her down into the feather topper of the bed, and opened his mouth around her breast. Warm breath seeped around her, but he didn't make contact. Instead he allowed her to moan and writhe beneath him for a moment before he clamped his mouth down around her breast one last time. Shiny white teeth grazed the edge of her nipple, pulling it firmly into the suction of his hot mouth. He suckled the tip until her body jerked then calmed beneath him. 

"That was so great, I don't think I can move," her satiated voice whispered.

"You can't move because I've got you pinned, love." His gray eyes twinkled with mischief. His fingers tickled down her flat belly, circling her belly button with care before settling on the top of her cleft. Fingers spread toying with her inflamed lips below, and curled about her light strip of pubic hair.

"You know I promised to meet with the girls in a couple hours. It's going to take at least that long to return me to my original state," her breathless voice giggled stroking a fawn colored piece of hair that had fallen over one of his eyes.

"If I must let you go, then give me a couple more minutes, I won't see you for three days!" He rested a cheek, shaded with stubble, against her tender breast. The surface did not irritate her, rather made her moan with longing again. It certainly did not help that the stealthy fingers had began to navigate along the outer lips of her pussy, flicking at her burning clit. Fingernails gently grazed the tender inner lips, then stroking her clit from its hiding place. One pinch and her body was bucking against him, shivering. Fingers twisted the bud slightly as another finger delved at her burning hole.

"Oh shit, you've got to let me up, or we'll be wrapped up in bed all day!" She kissed his left temple, then lifted his shaggy head and kissed the other. "Three days is not as long as you think, two nights and I'll be begging you to..." Leaning down she whispered the rest of her racy comment into his ear. He grasped her sides and tickled, then blew a gentle raspberry on her tummy just below her breasts.

"Hahahaha, stop, come on... ACK!" She giggled until he stopped; gray eyes clouding over with sadness he glanced up at her before using strong biceps to lift him off her petite body and then off the bed entirely.

"Come on baby, don't get that look. You know I'll be back. I always come back right? Baby, look at me!" She cooed.

"It's not about that, it's where you go. Sure you come back, but when you do, I feel- never mind. I know you'll come back. You always do." With that said he reached to the floor and pulled on a long black robe across his muscular shoulders until his lithe body disappeared beneath it. Belted he strode out of the room.

"I always come back, baby," she whispered to the door as he shut it.

----------------

Bright and early the next morning Saija awoke to the insistent ring of her telephone. Grimacing she yanked the covers down off her ratty t-shirt and panty covered body and scrambled across the room to the book shelf that housed the impatient ringer. With quick fingers she snatched the phone off of its cradle just before the machine answered instead.

"Hello." The words sounded more like a statement than question.

"Heya baby doll? Just wake up?" Westin's voice drawled across the lines. 

"Yes, its only eight, sweetie. I had a late night." She yawned into the line.

"Doesn't sound like you miss me babe." Westin teased.

"There is a lot to be done before our wedding and without you here it is really a drag. Of course I miss you." Saija's voice sounded annoyed, not sad as though she really did miss him.

"I know you haven't seen me much, Saija, but it's necessary I work now if we plan on taking an extended vacation to Aruba for the honeymoon. We've been separated for longer than this, baby. Don't be blue, Saija, the wedding is just ten days away." Westin ignored her pissy tone and accredited it to the stress she was under. "Do you know how bad I want to be with you lover? I wish you were here, I'd slam you against this counter top and fuck you, really slowly until your cream was sliding down both of our thighs."

"My Westin, you sure can get a girl flustered," even though Saija didn't want to admit it, she did slide a palm down into her panties, feeling the tingling and wetness gathering there, too bad it wasn't Westin's doing.

"Well I'd be licking where I know you have your fingers love." Westin did know her quite well.

"Let's not get started ok? You have a meeting this morning." Saija moved her hand and looked away.

"Ok Saija, but don't be so sad ok I'll see you soon."

"You know, darling, you are right. When you went to Spain two years ago I only saw you every three weekends. At least now I see you every other..." her voice trailed off, she was distracted by the photo that was dangling from her purse.

"There ya go baby, make the best of every situation. I'll be home in eight days, and ready to promise my life to you. Then I'll sweep you off to the beach for two weeks, and we won't do anything but make love, sun bathe, and eat. Not a word about work or anything else that has ever kept me from you. I love you Saija, but I have to go there is a crucial meeting at nine thirty and I have to catch a cab. Have a good day; I'll try to call you this afternoon or later tonight." Westin sounded a bit distracted himself. He was always thinking about the next meeting.

"Westin- not tonight ok? The girls have a bachlorette party planned and I might not be here. I don't want you to worry if I don't answer ok, baby?

"Alright, I'll call you tomorrow morning then."

"Not too early this time buddy!"

"Love you, baby."

"You too." Saija dropped the receiver into the cradle the second she heard Westin hang up on his end. 

Butterflies scurried like a tornado across her tummy and into her throat. She could barely breathe. Hurrying to the bathroom she splashed cold water on her face and sat down on the edge of the whirl pool tub. Guilt drifted over her more frequently these days when he called. At first it was just every now and then, but now she could not even think his name without feeling like a criminal. Grasping her engagement ring she torn it from her finger and flung it across the green carpeted bathroom. It landed against the porcelain toilet bowl and glanced off the oak cabinet. 

"Fucking shit, fucking hell, damn it." Tossing together some colorful words she stomped out of the bathroom and into the luxurious bedroom. Yanking the plaid men's shirt from her tanned skin she dropped it onto the caramel carpet and stepped toward the huge walk in closet. After disappearing inside the closet, she came out dressed in a paisley tank top with khaki pants and high heeled shoes to match the rose color of her top.

Returning to the bathroom she glared into the full wall mirror. Darker circles beneath her eyes had replaced the light ones that had been there a week ago. A brisk application of concealer and a dab of lipstick did not do much to brighten her pale face, or her dismal outlook. Fingers twisted her unbrushed hair into a sloppy bun and she was out of the bathroom securing the ruffled locks with a hair tie.

Shaky fingers once more retrieved the phone from its cradle and cupping it against her with one shoulder she dialed Tula. While the phone rang she pushed the distracting photo further down into her purse. After only three rings Tula answered with a cheery hello, obviously having seen Saija's number on her caller id. 

"Hello! I can't believe you are up, I called you last night at nearly midnight and you weren't home yet. What a party girl you are becoming... and so close to your wedding date!" Tula made light of the real thoughts scrambling her brain, and sugar coated the truth.

"That's me, party girl forever right, Tula? Actually my mother and I went shopping for china patterns, and after a light dinner I went straight to bed. I must have not even heard the phone." Saija's voice still shook with edginess.

"Then that is why you didn't answer I guess." Tula really wanted to believe her, but how could she call herself a best friend if she missed all the signs. "Let's grab lunch ok?"

"I was thinking just that! And then we can stop by the florist and check on my flower arrangements, Mrs. Dothan called, something about the yellow roses."

"Forty minutes at Jack's Deli?" 

"Perfect. I'll be early." Saija replaced the phone, flung her purse over her shoulder, and marched out the door.

----------------

At Jack's Saija was early just like she had promised Tula on the phone. Sitting alone in a window booth she flipped through the familiar menu, already knowing she was going to be getting a BLT with no mayonnaise, crisp apple chips, and an unsweetened tea. She waited impatiently twirling the napkin around her finger and crumpling the paper placemat that described the latest additions to Jack's menu.

"Sorry if you've waited long, I had to find another pair of pants. I noticed the ones I was wearing had started to crease." Tula swept into the booth, once again looking prim and gorgeous. Never a hair out of place, a smudge of lipstick, or a tiny piece of dryer lint would dare alter her perfection.

"Of course, happens all the time." Saija sighed, lips thinning into a tight line as she gazed out the window.

"Saija, you've been a wreck for about three weeks, what in the hell has gotten into you? Westin is a great guy, and he's given you everything you could dream of and more. How many women can plan anything they want for their wedding? Your dress alone cost five figures! Most incomes are that level!"

"So I'm lucky." Saija's voice was distant.

"Do I need to remind you how great he is in bed? How you couldn't stop bragging how he rocked your world after you slept with him the first time?" Tula giggled. When Saija didn't say anything she decided she should let her cool down a minute, so she averted her attention to the menu. A waitress hurried over to the table seeing both parties were seated and set down two glasses of cool water. A pad of paper clutched in one hand she nodded at Tula.

"I'll have a caesar salad with ranch lite dressing, a slice of whole wheat toast, and a diet coke. She'll have a BLT, no mayonnaise, apple chips, and tea-unsweetened." With that the waitress left with a smile as she headed toward the back counter. 

"Westin doesn't ever know what to order for me. You always know no matter what restaurant we go to, you never fail to know exactly what I'm in the mood for."

"Saija, silly question," Tula glanced down at the table where Saija toyed with a salt shaker, "where is your engagement ring?"
 "I took it off. I'm not sure about this wedding Tula." Saija's voice finally broke, and a flood of everything that was bothering her rushed out.

"Just because he doesn't know what you order at a restaurant by heart? I've known you for nearly nineteen years. We've lived here all our lives, visited these restaurants hundred of times. Westin will learn." Tula knew this was only the tip of the iceberg.

"It's not even about that. If you knew, you would be so ashamed, you are utterly perfect Tula. Always have been, it's obvious you always will be. Perfect boyfriend, who will be the perfect husband some day, perfect job, perfect car, perfect hair style, clothes... Too damned perfect." Saija slid out of the booth.

"Where are you going? We should talk about all of this, sweetie." Concern darkened her voice as she also started to stand.

"No, I've got to go." Opening her purse she dropped a twenty on the table and bolted. Out the door she hurried, not sure of where she was going to end up.

----------------

He dragged her into his strong arms as soon as she opened the door. He recognized the reddened nose and puffy eyes and knew immediately she had not stopped crying since they had spoke on the phone thirty minutes ago. Nestling her golden head against his shoulder he guided them both into the back living room and into a chair and pulled her onto his lap.

"Baby, shhhh, it is going to be alright. Start at the beginning. Whenever you are ready." His voice was soft as velvet, and soothing.

After a couple more sniffles, and a tissue to wipe her runny nose she began.

"I had a terrible day. I fought with everyone, over stupid things. I was on edge over the silliest little upsets. I basically had a temper tantrum, and I only wanted to see you. I didn't know where to turn. I walked and walked... and walked." Tears started their flood again, and he stroked her knee while rocking her gently in his arms.

"You've got to get a grip. Things will look up soon enough, and don't pout either. We've both made our beds. There is no sense dragging this out." His voice held the gentle reprimand she needed to wipe her nose on another tissue carefully selected from the box next to the chair, and stand on her own two feet.

"I just thought I had more time to work things out in my head. I mean, did you honestly think decisions would have to be finalized by now? I was counting on months more, possibly another year." Her voice did not contain the whininess it had earlier. She sounded sad, but not swayed by emotion. Sensibility had taken over, and she was trying to rationalize her frantic behavior.

"Of course I was not counting on such a hasty end, baby, but the facts are still there. I don't like this any better than you do. Let's just take things at face value. I need to walk away, and think of my own needs now." He stood, brushing his palms over the wrinkled plaid button down shirt that flooded over his paint splattered jeans. "I can't afford to miss work anyway."

She did not take this bit of news lightly. Stunned silence washed over her tear irritated features as she bit at one plump lip. Lashes dipped down slowly and lay dark against her soft cheek.

"I'm not sure I meant for it to be over right this minute." Opening her eyes again she took a deep breath gathering some strength. "Sometimes you have to think of yourself, and I surely haven't kept your best interests in mind."

"Yes you have, baby. My best interests were being with you. Always will be, so don't you dare start crying again, or this time I might join you!"

He closed the distance between them with only two long strides, grabbing her arms against her sides he slanted his mouth down against hers, tickling his tongue along her bottom one. Gasping she parted her lips and met his tongue with a frantically searching one that was her own. He tilted her back a bit, and then never breaking the kiss lifted her into his arms and took a knowing step forward. He deposited her on the arched back sateen couch, and then knelt in front of her, breathing more quickly from their kiss.

"I'd steal you away in an instant no doubt, but that wouldn't do you any favors." His callused fingertips dragged tiny circles over her palm. Gray eyes smoky with feeling closed as he leaned forward and stole another passionate kiss. Softly drawing his bottom lip between hers she sucked gently, he straddled her thighs leaning her back.

"Don't start this, darling." He moaned kissing at the pearl earring on one earlobe.

She grasped the top button of his shirt, and twirling it inward she began her descent, leaving flesh sprinkled with light hair uncovered as she went. Head lifted she kissed the bottom of his throat where his neck met his collarbone, fingers pushing the worn material off his shoulders. 

"Maybe I should leave it on," his voice groaned as she ripped at the braided belt, yanking it inwardly without care so she could pull out the metal post that poked through the hole.

"If you must," her voice was lustful and hazy as the belt took flight across the room, landing with a ting against something glass. The brass button of his carpenter jeans loosened as her hands worked quickly between their bodies. He was frozen, blood hot as it coursed through him.

"Baby, we've never... never here." His voice wavered.

"Let it be a first."

"Weren't we trying to stop these predicaments?"

"Mmm, I like how you think."

Finally she wiggled farther down the couch, tugging his pants down off his tight ass as she went. He clenched his thigh muscles, reaching for some restraint as the band of his boxers stole downward a couple inches. Wet tongue touched the top of his happy trail, and skirted downward until she was kissing around the on top of his boxers, fingers groping the hardness beneath. With a steady pull his boxers reached the bundle of clothing at his knees, and his thickness plopped forward against waiting lips. 
