 I couldn't believe that I was watching them get married. My best friend, the love of my life was marrying another woman and here I was watching it all happen and there was nothing I could do to stop it. Our situation was a complicated one, we were best friends all our life and eventually our friendship blossomed into something more. The problem however was he had a girlfriend. I hated her so much because not only was she in Michael's life but he would constantly complain to me about her. She was always arguing with him and putting him down. She never wanted to have sex with him either and that frustrated him to no end. However even though I was just his mistress we ended up falling in love. We were there for each other through so many trials and tribulations that we could never imagine life without the other. 

One day while we were having sex his phone accidentally dialed Kate's number and she heard everything. She heard me screaming his name, begging him to fuck me harder, she heard him telling me that he loved how wet my pussy got for him and she heard when we both climaxed. She hung up and then called him back letting him know what she heard. He got up and ran outside telling her how sorry he was for cheating on her. He left without even saying goodbye to me. I was so angry that even though she treated him so badly and refused to have sex with him, he still ran to her every time she called, like a little puppy dog.

I received a call from Kate telling me that she understood that we are really close friends and he told her he valued my friendship so much that he didn't want to lose it. He explained to her everything we went through and promised her that we would keep our friendship platonic. So she wanted to personally tell me that even though she's letting him remain friends with me, she's going to keep an eye on me to make sure nothing happens. She told me:

"He chose me and we're getting married so if you think because he cheated on me with you that you're important, you're highly mistaken. You better be thankful that I'm even letting you stay in his life. But everything is on my terms now. Piss me off and you're done."

I was taken aback by what she said because Kate always looked so soft spoken. I didn't think she had it in her to be a bitch. I was annoyed and ready to fire back at her but I decided to keep my cool. I'll get her back one day, I thought. So in an effort to avoid any drama I said "I understand and trust me I have no intention of pissing you off or offending you" 

That was six months ago and here we are today at their wedding. Every so often Kate would look over at me with a smirk on her face. I could almost hear her thoughts saying "Ha-ha I win, you're all alone and here I am marrying the love of your life" The longer I sat there the more I got angry, I was just praying for it to be over.

Finally the wedding was over and we were at the reception. I was only there to support Michael but I wanted to leave so badly that I decided to tell him that I started feeling very ill so I was going to leave. I spotted him across the room, Kate was nowhere close by. I went up to him but before I could tell him I wasn't feeling good he told me he really wanted to talk to me. He asked me to meet him outside by the Gazebo in five minutes. I agreed and walked away. While I was waiting for him I was so anxious wondering what he could possibly want to talk to me about that was so important it couldn't wait. When he got there he gave me a big hug and it almost killed me inside because I loved his hugs so much.

"What do you want to talk to me about?" I asked

"I just wanted to let you know how much I appreciate you and even though I'm married now you'll always be someone I know I could always depend on" he replied looking into my eyes.

"I feel the same way Michael, you're my best friend and I never want to lose you"

He looked away and said "I know, but that's what's going to make this so difficult for me to say. Kate told me last night that she changed her mind and decided that she doesn't want us to be friends after all. She told me to end our friendship"

"And you agreed to do it?!" I yelled my eyes blazing with anger. "How could you, after everything we've been through you're just going to walk away from it?" I couldn't believe that Kate really won because without me in his life she won't have anything to worry about. 

"I had no choice, she's my wife but anyway, I'm sorry but that's just the way it has to be. Now I got to go, she told me I get five minutes to tell you and if I'm not back she's coming to tell you herself."

I stood in utter shock for a second and then an idea came to me. I figured out a way to get back at both of them and have the last laugh. 

I called out to him and told him "I understand that your priorities lie with Kate now and I can respect that and leave but before I go can I please get one more kiss?" 

He leaned in and kissed me. It was the most passionate kiss we've ever shared. I pulled him closer to me so our bodies were touching. My hand moved from his face down to his chest then even further until I reached his dick. He pulled away from me and told me to stop, it's his wedding day and he can't do that. I told him to relax; this was the last time we were going to see each other so let's take a walk down memory lane. He was hesitant but I walked up to him and grabbed his belt, I unbuckled it and unzipped his pants, his huge dick flopped out of his pants.

"Mmmm" I said as I licked the tip "I missed this so much" I licked his shaft up and down slowly relishing every minute of it. I wrapped my lips around his dick and sucked hungrily. He grabbed my head and started fucking my mouth. He was so hard now and my pussy was wet and I wanted him to fuck me now. He let go of my head and I pulled him out of my mouth.

He squeezed my boobs and started sucking my nipples as I moaned in pleasure. I turned around and bent over, without hesitation he pushed his penis inside my sopping wet pussy. He felt so good sliding in, I moaned loudly. He grabbed my hair and began slamming his dick deep inside me. I was moaning so loudly but I didn't care if anyone heard me. It felt good and I didn't want it to end. I clenched and unclenched my pussy muscles which made him cry out in pleasure. I felt him getting harder the longer we fucked. I felt a wave of pleasure sweep over me. I was going to cum. 

"Fuck me harder, don't stop I'm cumming" I groaned. 

Michael kept pounding me, like an animal, harder and harder until I exploded with pleasure. I screamed and shook as the orgasm ripped through me. Just then I felt Michael tense up.

'Oh God babe, I'm gonna cum!" 

"Your dick feels so good baby, I want you to cum deep inside my pussy, cum for me baby" I urged.

He groaned as he ejaculated deep inside my pussy. He was breathing hard and he felt as though his legs were buckling but he didn't want to pull out. He wanted to feel my wet hot pussy on his dick as long as he could. Suddenly we heard a noise and looked up, it was Kate. 

She thought he was taking long to come back and decided to look for him. She never expected to see her husband fucking his best friend and her worst enemy. The look on her face of shock, hurt and anger was exactly what I wanted to see. I wanted her to hurt the same way I did when I realized I was losing my best friend. 

I walked over to her and whispered

"Just so you know this was to show you that no matter what you do, he'll always come back to me. How does it feel to see him fucking me on your wedding day? Sucks, I'm sure"

I walked away leaving her crying in her wedding dress and him begging for forgiveness. Now I was the one with the smirk on my face.