 Jessica is a paralegal at one of the biggest law firms in the city and she works for me. She is tall with dirty blonde hair, green eyes and curves in all the right places. She wears a snug pencil skirt with a side slit, tall black heels and a white silky blouse with the buttons unbuttoned to the top of her cleavage. I don't have to look hard enough to see her ample breasts hiding in her bra through her shirt. Her breasts are exquisite from what I can see. How I long to get my hands on them. My cock starts to get harder as I stare. 

Jessica comes to my office for a weekly meeting and sits down across the desk from me. She crosses her legs and I can see up her thigh. It's hard for me to keep my mind on task with her looking so sexy. (If she only knew the thoughts that race through my head.) We start talking and I can't focus. Just hearing her talk transports me to a place where I long to hear her moan. I do my best to keep on task and discuss the cases of the week. She can tell I'm distracted. 

"Is something wrong? Something on your mind?" she asks. 

I snap out of it and keep moving forward with our meeting. I had to stand up briefly to pick up a file off the credenza when she said something I never expected.

"Are you aroused? I'm getting a little hot in here."

Wow. What do I say to that? I had a choice. Pretend I wasn't and keep stifling the fantasy or say yes and see what happens. I had nothing to lose, so I said yes. 

Jessica stood up from her chair and came over to meet me at the desk. I could tell she was aroused. Her cheeks were flushed, her breath getting faster and her nipples were hardened. At this point I was sitting in my chair. She spun it around and knelt down as she opened my legs. Her hands started touching my face, then chest, then my thighs. I couldn't hide my arousal, my cock was hard and it needed her touch. She quickly unzipped my pants and reached inside slowly. She smiled as her hand touched my hard cock for the first time. I could hardly contain myself. 

"Stand up so I can take off your pants," I quickly obeyed.

It was the most amazing moment as my cock was freed. 

"Sit down; I want that cock in my mouth." Again, I eagerly obeyed. 

She slid her hands up the inside of my thighs and grasped the base of my cock in her hand. She leaned in slowly and started to tease my cock with her tongue. My cock kept responding by hardening even more. I moaned because I wanted more. I wanted Jessica to take all of me in her mouth. She licked me from my balls to the tip over and over. Then it happened, she kissed my tip and opened her mouth. My cock slid in her mouth so easily. 

"Damn, that feels amazing, Jessica!" 

She moaned as she took all of me in her mouth. Her lips were touching my balls. Fuck! I knew I wasn't going to last very long. She continued sucking, licking, and rolling my cock around in her mouth. I had never been sucked like this before. Where did she learn to do this? 

"Jessica, you're going to make me cum." 

"Uh huh, cum for me," she muttered as my cock filled her mouth. 

She went faster and faster, pumping up and down on my cock. 

"Oh, yes...god yes...oooh...fuck, yes...FUUUUCK!" 

My load shot out and she swallowed it up. She even licked my tip clean. Shit!! I sat there soaking in the moment, tingling from head to toe. Jessica was still on her knees in between my legs with the biggest smile on her face. I grabbed her hand and raised her up. I stood up to put my pants back on and she stopped me. She took my face in her hands and kissed me ever so gently. Then she reached down and pulled my pants up for me. Zipping me up, buckling my belt and eyed me up and down. 

"You are an incredibly sexy man, Aiden."

She walked over to the table and picked up her papers and started walking toward the door to leave. 

"You do realize this is far from over, Jessica." 

She smiled and nodded, "Absolutely, sir."