 The wedding was beautiful. I mean, most weddings are. The ceremony, the flowers, the vows. You look at the bride and groom and realize how young they are. All their friends, also young, full of celebration and joy. 

It was my cousin's daughter's wedding. I went by myself. I'd been divorced for 3 years and the kids were away at school. Since it was an evening affair I decided to stay at the hotel. It gave me a chance to catch up with family from out of town before the wedding and I could have a drink or two without worrying about driving home. 

Although weddings by yourself are fun. The reception can be awkward. It often seems the only single people are sitting at the children's table. I was seated at a table with some other relatives. It was nice catching up. The meal was delicious. 

The awkward part is when the dancing starts. Often you're left sitting at the table alone, watching the festivities. I love to dance, so I envied those out on the floor. 

At one point my table was empty. Everyone was on the dance floor. Even the table next to me was empty. I was beginning to feel self conscious. Off the reception hall was a balcony with a great view. I decided to get some fresh air. 

It was a gorgeous warm evening. The sun was beginning to set. The balcony overlooked a lake, and behind that a wooded area. I could see the reflection of the sunset in the water. 

"It's beautiful out here." 

It was a man's voice. I turned to look at him. I had been introduced to him earlier. I remembered thinking he wasn't bad looking. He was in his late 40s and taller than me in heels, so I'd guess 5'11". He had big shoulders, dark hair, slightly receding and soft blue eyes. He certainly wasn't fat, but he was not a workout buff either.

As I checked him out I started thinking about how I looked to him. At 45, I looked good for my age. No raving beauty, but I worked out 3 times a week, usually, and kept my weight around 130. For 5'6" that wasn't bad. My daughter still makes me buy bikinis if we go bathing suit shopping together. I kept my brown hair at a little longer than shoulder length. 

I was wearing a sleeveless light blue dress with a crew collar. It followed my body curves to the waist and then flared out. I was feeling pretty. 

I remembered he was someone who worked with my cousin. A lawyer. I tried to remember his name. No luck.

"It is beautiful," I replied. I held my hand out to reintroduce myself. "I'm sorry, I know we were introduced earlier, but with so many people around, I seem to have forgotten your name. I'm Christine."

"Dave," he replied.

"Hi Dave, nice to meet you," I said.

"Nice to meet you too," he replied. "I assume you came alone as well?" 

I told him I did, that the bride was my cousin, and that my kids were away at college. He asked about my kids and we made general small talk. 

He was divorced, had 1 son who worked in the city. He was older than I thought. 52. 

At one point he saw a fish jump out of the water to catch an insect flying overhead. We watched as other fish did the same as the sun went down. 

After a while chatting we heard the DJ start an old Sinatra standard. Dave asked me if I wanted to dance.

I said sure. I love to dance, but I didn't want to seem overeager.

He took my arm and escorted me to the dance floor. It was sweet. So many men these days have lost the art of being gentlemen. 

We stepped out on the dance floor. He took my hand in his and put the other around my waist. He kept a respectable distance. Not stiff like he was afraid I'd burn him, but close enough so I felt we were moving together. 

He was a good dancer. Not Fred Astaire, but, then again, I'm no Ginger. He knew how to lead. He didn't step on my feet. We were definitely dancing not just shuffling our feet back and forth on the floor. 

As we danced we chatted. He was smart and funny. Every once in awhile he'd throw in a small off color joke, or innuendo. Nothing blatant but I still recognize flirting when it happens. I was enjoying his company, so I flirted back. It had been quite awhile since I felt dressed up and pretty and even longer since a handsome man flirted with me. I was having fun. 

The dance ended and the DJ started a fast song. Dave escorted me off the floor. 

"I'm too old to be jumping around the floor. I look like a giant orangutan," he said.

I laughed. in flirt mode I said, "Too bad, I'm told I can shake my ass." 

He looked at the dance floor back at me and said "I bet that looks pretty good." 

I said it does and turned to walk back out on the balcony. As I did I turned my head, smiled at him, put my hands on my hips, and wiggled my ass at him. 

"I stand corrected. That doesn't look pretty good. That looks great."

He followed me out to the balcony. We continued to talk. We had progressed from small talk to learning about each other's lives. Still flirting, but a more intimate level of getting to know each other. As we talked he would touch my arm or I would touch his hand. 

Another slow song played. He again asked me to dance.

This time he escorted me to the dance floor with his arm around my waist. It felt nice. He held me closer as we danced. His hand holding mine. His other hand was a bit lower on hip this time. This time I was paying more attention. My hand felt small in his. I could smell his cologne. Just the right amount of spice. 

I could see the beginnings of a 5 o'clock shadow on his face. Standing this close to him I could feel his broad chest.

Most of all, I was aware of his hand on my hip. I was wearing a thin summer dress. I am sure he could feel the smoothness of my skin. I realized that if he moved his hand down one inch it would be on the side and of my panties. I thought about what I was wearing. A light blue thong. It excited me a bit that his hand was not that far from finding out I was wearing a thong. 

We danced that dance. The evening was ending. The DJ played another slow song. I just stayed in his arms and we danced the next one. I could feel his hand move down my hip. It was right on the band of my panties. 

I pulled a bit away from him and looked in his eyes. I then put my head on his chest. If he wanted to explore, I guess he now knew he could. 

He did. His fingers traced the line of my thong. He stayed in fairly decent territory. After all this was my family and it was a wedding. I appreciated that but there was a part of me that wanted him to explore further. 

The DJ played the last song. I was disappointed. I was enjoying being in Dave's arms. 

The guests were leaving. Dave asked me if I wanted a drink. I accepted. He suggested I wait on the balcony while he got the drinks. I agreed. 

Now my mind jumped into overdrive. In a few minutes we would be alone, just the two of us, on the balcony. I could hear the water lapping at the shore. The hotel speakers were playing soft lobby music. What was I willing to do? How far would I let this handsome stranger go?

I could imagine him taking me to bed. It had been a long time since I'd been in bed with a man. Did I want that? Was I willing to live with myself if it turned out to be a one night stand? 

Dave showed up with 2 drinks. He put them on the balcony railing. He reached out, pulled me to him, and kissed me. I liked it. I kissed back.

His hand dropped down to my hip again. This time it didn't stay in decent territory. He traced the line of my thong all the way to where it disappeared in my ass. I moaned. 

With that, his hand started to explore my ass. I felt like one hand could hold my entire ass cheek. His strong hands felt good. 

They started to drift down to the hem of my dress. Then he slipped his hands under my dress. He now had them on my ass. 

I pulled away a bit so I could see his face. He had a small smile on it. He didn't move his hands and I liked where they were. I kissed him. Hard. He knew that his hands could explore and that I wanted them too. 

After a few minutes he stopped kissing me, turned me around facing the railing, leaned over, and kissed my cheek. He continued to my ear lobes, my neck, my shoulders. His strong arms wrapped around me, it felt delicious. 

I leaned against him. I didn't mean to, but when I did I could feel the bulge in his pants pressed against the top of my ass. The thought of a hard cock behind me turned me on. 

His hands caressed my shoulders. Then slowly slid down my arms. I let my arms hang by my side. He traced my arms down to my fingertips. Then his hands landed on my hips. I put my hands on the balcony railing. 

I felt his hands trace down my hip, little caresses across my hip and thighs. I pressed back into him. 

His hands moved down my thighs to the hem of my dress. I closed my eyes. As he pulled my dress up I could feel the night air against my skin. I felt the material of his pants against my naked ass. I could feel the hard bulge that was under them. 

My dress around my waist his hands continued to explore. This time he traced the line of my thong to the front of my body. I felt his hand slide under the material. I put my hand on his. He stopped. 

"I haven't done this for a long time," I said. By saying that he knew I was his tonight. 

He leaned forward and whispered in my ear, "It's just like falling off a bike."

I giggled. He was right. I was falling into this. At some point you let go and realize what happens, happens. 

I took my hand off of his and put it back on the railing. 

His hand moved down to my pussy. I stepped apart a bit to give him access. His fingers touched my clit. They felt hard and strong. The only thing my clit had felt in years were my fingers. 

The sounds of the night around me. I could hear the water, the rustling leaves, the soft music. I let myself go to the feeling of his fingers. 

He knew what he was doing. He knew just how to touch. When to slide his fingers in me. When to pull out. Just the right amount of teasing me. I started moving against his fingers. I could feel the orgasm building up. I came with a shudder. His fingers in my pussy. His other arm wrapped around my waist to support me. 

"Mmmmmm, that felt good," he said.

He was right that felt good. No, it felt great. I wanted more. His hand came out from under my dress. He brought his fingers up to my face. I could smell my pussy on them. I smelled like sex. He traced my lips with his wet fingers. No one had ever done that before. It felt sexy, dirty sexy, but sexy. He then pulled my head back and kissed me. I loved it.

"Your pussy is delicious," he said. 

I just kissed him again. I took his hand, brought it to my mouth, and sucked his fingers clean. Then I kissed him again. I'd never done that before. I had no idea what pussy tasted like. I loved the taste on my lips mixed with his kisses. 

His hands slid down my body again. This time he hooked his thumbs on the sides of my thong. I knew they were coming off. Hell, I wanted them off. If he wasn't going to do it. I would. 

He took his time. Kissing my cheek, my neck, my shoulders. I squirmed against his hands. I wanted to peel that thong off.

He whispered in my ear, "You do have a great ass."

I pushed it against his hard cock and wiggled it. 

Finally I couldn't take it anymore. I was soaking wet from anticipation. I whispered, "Take them off." 

He didn't hesitate. He slowly pushed them over my hips. They fell to the balcony floor. I stepped out of them. 

Just then one of the doors behind us opened. A young man, an employee of the hotel came up to us. Dave let my dress drop into a semblance of where it belonged. 

The young man came up to us and told us they were closing off this function room. We said thank you, we'd leave in a minute. Then he noticed my panties on the floor. 

He smiled. "No rush," he said. "No one will be by here for awhile."

He turned and left. 

I turned to face Dave. "Oh my god," I said. "He saw my panties. What must he be thinking?"

"He's thinking they are where they belong," said Dave. "That's why he left us." 

He pulled me to him and kissed me. Now I was really wet. Almost getting caught was dirty sexy. Knowing someone knew was dirty sexy. If I wasn't before, now I was horny. I wanted to fuck. I didn't care if I ever saw him again. I just wanted his cock. I don't think there was a time with my ex I ever just wanted to fuck like this. It was overwhelming. 

I turned around, put my hands on the railing, leaned forward and said, "Fuck me." 

I'd said those words before, but never in this context. I wanted him to fuck me. Not like the sweet girl I was used to. I wanted him to fuck me now, leaned over the railing, panties on the ground, dripping wet. I wanted to be fucked. 

I heard his zipper. I spread my legs a bit more. I felt the tip of his cock against my pussy lips. He slid it up and down my lips getting my juices all over the head of his cock. I felt the tip slide in. He was either bigger than average or it'd just been a long time since I had a cock in me. 

He took his time entering me slowly. When he was in all the way he pulled back slowly. As he buried his cock in me again, I came. I groaned.

"Don't stop. Harder, "I said. 

He stopped. His cock up inside my pussy, he stopped. I moaned.

His hands went to my dress zipper. I felt it slide down. He reached down and pulled the dress up over my head. I raised my arms to let him. He unhooked my bra and it joined my dress and thong on the floor. I was now naked to the night air. My nipples were hard from the breeze. 

Knowing I was naked on a balcony. That I could get caught. That a handsome man had his cock in me. I came again. 

"Fuck me," I hissed.

He did. He started fucking me hard and fast. I held onto the railing and grunted. Each thrust pushing the air out of me. Every nerve in my pussy was sending jolts to my brain. I fucked back. I pushed into him. His hands caressed my tits. He pulled at my nipples. 

I fucked him.

His fingers fell to my pussy. He rubbed my clit as he fucked me. I came again. 

There was a knock on the door.

We heard a voice, "Sorry guys. I have to lock this section."

I giggled. Dave said we'd be right out. 

Dave pulled out of me. I felt empty. I wanted to be full again. He handed me my dress. I reached for my underwear. 

"You don't need that," he said. 

He put my underwear in his pocket. I pulled on my dress. My bra he carried.

"Let's go to your room," he said.

"Why mine?" I asked.

"So you don't have to wander embarrassingly through the hotel in the morning."

I laughed. We made out as we rode the elevator to my floor. 

When we got to my room he tried to grab me and kiss me. I danced out of his reach. I started to undo his tie. He reached for me. Every time he did I'd slap his hands away and tell him to stop. 

I undid his tie held it up and dropped it on the floor. I put some music on. I danced in behind him I helped him out of his jacket and threw it on a chair. 

Again he grabbed at me. I slapped his hand away playfully. 

I started unbuttoning his shirt. I pulled it off of him. He had a nice chest. I ran my hand down it. Again he reached for me. 

"Nu uh uh," I said. Wagging a finger at him. 

I pushed him over onto the bed. With him sitting on the bed I knelt between his legs. I removed his shoes and socks. I undid his belt buckle and pants. I pulled them off him. As I did his cock sprung into view. I was right. It was bigger than average. Straight with a gorgeous tip. 

He reached for me again. 

"Stop, it's my turn."

He stopped. I took his cock in my hands. I liked the way it felt. I knew what I wanted to do. I wanted to suck that cock. I wanted to give him the best blow job he ever had. The problem? I'd never given a blow job before. 

I looked at his cock. I kissed the tip. There was a drop of pre-cum on it. I licked it up. It tasted good. I never liked it before, today I could swallow a mouthful. I wrapped my lips around his cock. I liked the way it felt. I liked how soft the skin was but how hard the shaft was. 

I remember someone telling me it was just like eating a Popsicle. I envisioned this 8" fat Popsicle and started licking and shaking it. He moaned. I used the shaft as a handle as I bobbed up and down on it. I was loving it. I actually made noises like I was enjoying my Popsicle. 

After about 3 minutes he stood up. He picked me up in his arms and threw me on the bed. He grabbed my legs and put them over his shoulders. Oh my god, he was going to eat my pussy. No one had ever done that before. 

I rephrase that. No one had done it to me before. He'd obviously done it before. His tongue was amazing. I'd feel it circle my clit and then suck on it with just the right amount of pressure. I came with his face buried between my legs. 

"God I love your tongue. That feels amazing. Lick my pussy. I'm cumming! I'm cumming." 

I felt it wash over me. Crashing against my pussy. A warm glow followed. 

He pulled my dress off me. He climbed on top of me and kissed me, my legs spread. I reached down and guided his cock into me. This time we took it slow. Long slow strokes. He'd kiss my neck and suck on my nipples. He'd caress my breasts and kiss me again. All the time taking long slow strokes. I'd moan every time he filled me up. 

He started stroking faster. I started fucking him back. I loved feeling him shove that cook in me. 

"Fuck me. Fuck me. Oh my god that's so good, it's been so long. I love your cock. Fuck me with it." 

Soon I felt my orgasm building. This one crashed over me with wave after wave of pleasure. 

"You're making me cum. Uh, uh, uh, mmmmmm, I'm cumming. Keep fucking me. I'm cumming."

I felt him stiffen. His cock throbbed. He was cumming. I could feel the hot jets against my pussy. I came again. 

Slowly he slipped out of me. He rolled over on his back breathing heavily. I could see his softening cock glistening with his cum and my pussy juices. I leaned over him, took his cock in my mouth and sucked him clean. 

We both fell asleep. 

When I woke up he was gone. Well, I thought, what was I expecting. I knew this was not how relationships started. I packed my bags and went to check out at the front desk. The desk clerk said there was a message for me. He came back with an envelope and a rose. 

The note read, "Sorry I had to run. I was having breakfast with my mom. I'd love to see you again. Can we have dinner one day this week? I don't have your number. Please call me."

He left his number and his email. 

I felt good. I felt sexy. I felt beautiful. I felt strong. 

I'd give it a day, but I knew I'd call.