 “Come on, love, we’re going to be late,” shouted the dad from the bottom of the stairs.

“Yes, yes,” replied Louise, “Cathy’s still doing my hair. Remember it has to look perfect!”

Cathy meticulously combed Louise’s flaxen hair and arranged it neatly on Louise’s head. She put the veil on Louise’s head and told her to stand up. “Oh don’t you look gorgeous!” she said, smiling at Louise. Louise looked at herself in the mirror: she did look very lovely. She had chosen a beautiful ivory white dress for the wedding, and it fit snugly and made all the big bits look smaller. Cathy flicked a strand of her own raven hair behind her ear and started for the door. “Don’t keep Steve waiting at the altar!” she said.

“You get in first!” shouted Louise to Cathy, who quickly scrambled into the back seat of the car. “Come on, Alice, get my train in,” she said to Alice who crammed it all in afterwards and then got in herself.

“Are you nervous yet?” asked Alice as the car pulled away from the drive.

“God am I!” said Louise; “about ready to piss me pants!”

“Oh I’m so envious of you,” said Cathy in a laughing manner, waving to one of the children on the street who were seeing them off.

“Oh don’t worry you’re only twenty-two. Plenty of time to land yourself a fella.”

“I’m not even thinking about marriage!” said Alice, which was good, as she was only eighteen.

They soon arrived at the church and hurried out, and Cathy eyed up the photographer who was outside the door having a last minute fag. “Isn’t he a dish!” she thought with a smirk, and, as they passed him going into the building, “and tall, too!”

The noisy chit chat of the congregation silenced as they entered, heads turning to see the bride, as she and her father begun the slow march to the end. You can probably picture the scene: relatives wiping their eyes and taking pictures, kids telling their dads how bored they are, and so on. Steve stood at the end, looking back anxiously as Louise got nearer. Alice caught the glimpse of the best man, Paul, whom she hardly knew very well, but thought was very good-looking and shaggable anyway, even if he was much older than her at twenty-nine. His eyes were mischievous and somewhat cheeky, and he had a wry grin as he looked at her. Was that a wink? I think it was.

The service went as you’d expect, all very lovely and romantic and all that. After the vows were made, Louise and Steve had a good snog and made their way out the door. The handsome photographer took various pictures of everybody and the throng of people gradually began to disband soon after Louise and Steve were driven away in a just-married-adorned car. 

Cathy caught the photographer having a sneaky fag round the side of the church. “Now’s me chance to get to know him,” she thought. She slinked her way over and leant against the wall beside him.

“Gizza one of yours, left mine at home,” she said. He smiled and passed one across, and lit it. She felt his warm hands and smelt the vague scent of aftershave on his body.

“So you didnae catch the bouquet, then,” he said, grinning at her as she puffed away merrily.

“Oh, he’s Scottish!” she thought, his level of charm reaching dizzy new heights. “Oh, me? Goodness no! Silly superstitious nonsense, isn’t it?”

“You think?” he said, mysteriously, grinning inanely.

“You didn’t…”

“Oh Christ no! Marriage!? You must be joking!”

They puffed away for a few minutes in silence. Eventually, Cathy said,

“So, are you coming on to the party?”

“Oh, no, I only do the wedding photos.”

“Oh, you should come, it’ll be a right laugh.”

“Might be.”

“Course it will! Can’t I persuade you at all?”

“You seem eager for me to come along, why’s that?” he asked with another wry grin.

“Because you’re gorge!” Cathy blurted out. “And Scottish.”

He laughed heartily. “Very well, you’ve got a right good argument there!” Cathy rubbed her hands together with glee.

“So what’s your name then?”

“Robert.”

“Hello, Robert. My name’s Cathy.”

The party was held at a nearby pub. The landlord had put all the tables to one side of the back hall and there was a disco system all lined up, with easy access to drinks and so on. A large buffet snaked along one side of the room, and was populated with children biting off more than they could chew.

“What are ye drinking?” asked Rob.

“Pint of bitter, of course,” laughed Cathy. “Just wait till I get a few inside me. I’ll dance with you and do all sorts of naughty things.” She saw his eyebrow raise at this. A few pints later, she was very merry indeed, and danced many times with hunky Rob. She was pecking at the buffet when Alice crept to her side.

“You bagged the photographer! Lucky cow!” she said.

“Certainly did,” replied Cathy, turning to see Rob across the room talking to Steve. “His name’s Rob, and he’s Scottish, and I think he fancies me!” she giggled.

“Oh, go you! I’m after Paul, myself.”

“Best man Paul? Oh, he’s quite tasty isn’t he. Haven’t really spoken to him much, though. Good luck!”

Cathy sauntered back over to Rob and took his hand and led him to one of the tables. They got talking and learnt lots about each other. Cathy felt Rob’s large, firm and hot hand rest on her knee: the white tablecloth obscuring this from the view of everybody else. She looked up at him, his six feet and two inches dwarfing her five feet six. She, quite tipsy and outgoing by now, clenched his shirt and pulled him to her, and gave him a long, sweet snog. He was a good kisser, and angled his head just right, and gave just enough suction and tongue movement to be enjoyable. She tasted the ale on his breath and licked at his teeth for more. She felt his hand move up to her thigh and gently rub the area. Cathy moved her other hand directly to his crotch, and tentatively squeezed the region, feeling his quiescent cock slowly stir into life. She giggled a little and he laughed, and they broke away the kiss.

“A few pints?” he chuckled.

“Well, all this marriage lark is making me man-hungry!”

“Don’t want to stain your dress!” started Rob as Cathy nearly knocked her half-empty glass into her lap. Misconstruing his words, she went on.

“Oh don’t worry, it’s white and frilly so it won’t show if you get some on it!”

“I was talking about your pint: you nearly knocked it off!”

“Oh, god. Have I just made a fool out of myself?”

“Aye, definitely,” he said, pulling her towards him again, “an erotic fool!” and kissed her again with another wonderful ale snog, this time his roving hands pressing on her thighs and rubbing wondrously. Cathy looked at him and grinned wickedly, and then glanced around the room. And, when no one was looking in their direction, she dipped her head under the table and knelt between Rob’s legs, pushing the table cloth so that he could see her but no one else could.

“I like the way this is heading!” grinned Rob, peering into her cleavage pushed up by the frilly dress of white. She began to undo his trousers.

“Oh really?” smiled Cathy as she worked, spotting his pun. She pulled his trousers down only a little way and pulled his cock past his boxers and zip. Holding the soft cock in her hands, she squeezed it and rubbed it, making it grow larger. Feigning a Scots accent, she said, “I bet ye young Scotsmen taste of whisky doontcha.”

He laughed heartily. “But will you get to find out?”

“I should think so!”

“Well, you said it won’t make a stain on your wee frock. I thought you might like to test that statement!”

“Oh, I see, kinky Scotsman, eh?”

“Aye, I like to think so!”

“Fine, then!” she giggled. So he wanted to splash his cum on her, eh? “That’s quite all right”, she thought, “I like to feel its sticky warmth splatter me anyway”. She shivered with glee and expectation at the very thought.

Cathy ran her sweaty hands up the cock, pulling the skin upwards as she rubbed it, as it got to as big as it was going to get, which was quite large. Cathy breathed over the cock as she hesitated putting it in her mouth: what if they should be caught? She paused for a moment, then, “Here goes!” she thought and began kissing the tip of it, slowly sliding the cockhead past her red, wet lips, swirling her tongue around it. She felt Rob’s large, warm hands rest on her dark hair, gently nudging her further down.

Steve saw Rob apparently deep in thought from across the room and begun to walk over. Alice just happened to glance across the room and saw a pair of shoes poking out from underneath the tablecloth right where Rob was sitting. “Oh no!” she said and scurried over, leaning across the table to obscure any unwanted scenes from the others. She could see Rob’s hands resting on Cathy’s head but nought else. She gently nudged Cathy’s shoes as she said hello, and waited till they were safely tucked away before turning to greet Steve. “Let’s go over here, Steve,” she said, winking at Rob.

“Thank goodness for that!” Rob said as the two went away.

“I owe her one,” thought Cathy, sinking deeper into Rob’s crotch.

Cathy let her head slide downwards, the shaft of the cock slithering along her tongue and just into her tonsil area. It could go further than that but not in this position. She gently sucked as she bobbed her head up and down slowly. She put her hands on Rob’s thighs and rubbed them up and down as she sucked firmly.

“Oh, Christ, Cathy, yes,” he muttered under his breath, gripping her hair more tightly. Cathy smiled to herself inwardly, and continued to suck up and down for quite some time, till her jaw was definitely aching.

“You know, I’m just about ready to come,” whispered Rob to her.

Cathy slid her head off the cock, and took it in her hands, rubbing it upwards and upwards as she had done so before, now only the cock drenched in her saliva. She squeezed it firmly in her right hand and masturbated it up and down, rubbing her lips across the cockhead. “You like it, then?” she half whispered/gasped.

“Oh good Christ, yes!” he stammered, now quite flushed from the experience.

“Only one thing left to do then,” sighed Cathy, resting back on her thighs as she masturbated the cock at eye-level about a foot away. She felt his cock begin to throb and pulsate.

“Here it comes!” he said with clenched teeth.

The cock squirted a thick, white, juicy trail of semen which splashed Cathy’s neck down to her left breast, splashing only a little. “Oh that’s it you kinky bastard, cum on me!” she giggled.

Another squirt, this time with greater force, hit her on the lips and splashed a tiny bit to her cheeks and trailed down into her cleavage, getting a little on her dress. Cathy angled the cock lower as she masturbated it, and the next spurt directly hit her breasts and dripped on to her dress. The cock had shot most of its load now and Cathy moved forwards underneath it and it dribbled cum on her face and down her cleavage – and on her dress. Now fully spent, the cock stood hard and tender in her gasp, throbbing noiselessly, her fingers matted with semen that had dripped down. Cathy took her hand away and rubbed the globs of cum on her breasts into a transparent, smooth, glossy surface, and leant forward and slurped on the cock itself, sucking off all the excess semen and drinking it down. She felt a trail of semen run down from her cleavage and down her belly, tickling her as it went.

Rob handed her a paper napkin and she used it to wipe the globs of cum on her face and neck away. She licked her fingers clean and gently put his cock back in his trousers. When the coast was clear, she rose up and sat next to him again, the cum on her breasts slowly drying, but still reflecting the lights from the disco with their glossy wetness. She kissed Rob passionately, who didn’t seem to mind the taste of his cum on her lips and on her breath – after all, it was actually quite nice.

Cathy looked down at the globs of semen matting in the frills of her dress, staining the fabric where they had got through. “It will leave a stain,” she sighed. “But it was worth it!”

“Aye, it was!” laughed Rob.

"I'll have to have some more, then," giggled Cathy.