 Kiersten pouted at Peter over the wine. "Honestly, who holds a masquerade ball before their wedding?" 

Peter laughed, rubbing her hand. "I know it's not your kind of thing. David and Vanessa are ... well, they're more like me. They're extraverts, instead of introverts, like you. They think it'll be fun, having people just ... socialize. And they both love to dress up." He sipped at his wine, and smiled at Kiersten again, his delightful grey eyes twinkling. "And I think it was very touching for Vanessa to ask you to be a bridesmaid." 

"Touching?" Kiersten said. "I barely know her! She's your brother's wife. Bride. Whatever. We have nothing in common. And my dress is supposed to match hers? Have you seen her?" Kiersten sipped her wine as angrily as she could. Kiersten was willowy and sleek, with chestnut hair and mahogany eyes and an athlete's body which she was proud of. Vanessa was generously curved, looking divinely soft and touchable, with glittering green eyes to match David's, and luxurious, cascading black hair. There was no way a dress could ever manage to have one woman be mistaken for the other. 

Peter had his ways to sooth Kiersten's irritations, though. Peter had much in common with Vanessa and David; all three were charming, outgoing, boisterous and the life of any party. In comparison, Peter and Kiersten were the odd couple. Kiersten preferred nights spent in the comfort of home, watching movies or reading, while Peter preferring to socializing, dancing, and the company of others. Somehow the two had negotiated a peace between the two extremes, finding each other's company worth the occasional excursion outside their comfort zone. And David and Vanessa's masquerade wedding was well outside Kiersten's comfort zone. 

By noon on the day of the wedding the wine was already flowing freely. The five members of the bride's wedding party had their hair, nails, and makeup done together, while sharing laugher, tall tales, and embarrassing stories of past boyfriends, past girlfriends, and other sexual adventures. Kiersten listened far more than she talked. Compared to the vivacious Vanessa, Kiersten's own past seemed boring. When Kiersten did speak, Vanessa listened attentively, the consummate hostess, making sure to make a big deal out of the few sexual adventures Kiersten chose to share and boasting to her other friends about Kiersten's hidden "wild side" on her behalf. 

The whole thing was far from what Kiersten would normally do in a day. There wasn't a book or TV screen anywhere to be seen. The music was loud with a heavy bass, and the people were even louder than the music. There was a festive atmosphere to the room, while Kiersten treasured her quiet comforts. Yet, while it might have partially been the wine, Kiersten would have had to say she was enjoying herself immensely. She might be interested in such a party every day of the week, but she was starting to think that occasionally getting out and socializing might not be a terrible idea. 

As noon rolled around, and the second (and third) batch of wine bottles were emptied, the bridal party began to get dressed together, bridesmaids first, then the beautiful bride. Like the others, Kiersten smoothed her dress endlessly, checking and re-checking herself in the mirror. She wasn't used to wearing something so low-cut. Or to wearing a dress at all, let alone a gown, or anything so ... showy. She was hesitant about how it looked on her. 

From behind her, as she examined the dress' hem in the mirror, she heard Vanessa's voice, murmuring, "You look great." 

Kiersten turned to look at Vanessa. Her eyes sparkled, slightly glazed over from the wine. "It looks fabulous on you. You're really overly modest of your body, you know." she smiled, and sipped from her wineglass again. She giggled as she pointed at Kiersten and then poked the slimmer woman's sternum. "With that body, you could be out having adventures of your own, if you wanted." 

Kiersten laughed nervously, taking Vanessa's remark as a compliment. "I don't think Peter would approve." she replied, with a timid smile. Vanessa's comment warmed Kiersten. Vanessa was the most sensual person Kiersten had ever met, and a compliment from her was flattering. 

"Oh, you never know." Vanessa said, with a wink. "From what David's told me, Peter's enjoyed a little adventure in his time, too." 

With that, Vanessa was off again, like a princess holding court among her handmaidens, leaving Kiersten to wonder what she could have meant. Did Peter have a more exciting history than she knew? He was certainly more outgoing, more expressive than she was. He was much more of an extrovert. She looked at herself in the mirror again, smoothed her dress, and tried to put the thought out of her mind. 

Everything was coming together well, but with only an hour to go, the traditional "something borrowed" had not yet arrived. Kiersten was sent on an important mission at the Maid of Honour's request. Kiersten had to retrieve a set of pearl earrings that once belonged to Vanessa's grandmother from the glove box of Vanessa's sister's car. Kiersten accepted the responsibility perhaps a little too eagerly, but she was craving some air that didn't contain hairspray and a chance to walk to clear her head of some of the wine. 

What Kiersten hadn't factored in is that the hooped skirt of her dress made navigating the narrow gaps between cars in the hotel parking lot risky if not impossible. She walked slowly to be careful not to rip her dress, but there would then be no room for her to slide in to the Maid of Honour's car for the treasured ring! Kiersten stood for a moment to clear the fog of wine from her mind and deduce a solution. 

"Anything I can help with?" asked a familiar voice from behind her. Kiersten turned with her eyes wide. She couldn't help but smile at seeing Peter there. Then, she squealed and covered as much of her dress as she could with her hands. 

"Peter! What are you doing down here? You're not supposed to know which one I am!" Kiersten said with a laugh. "I'm supposed to be indistinguishable from the others!" Peter laughed back. 

"I'm just grabbing my cufflinks; forgot them in the car.", Peter said, holding up a small box. "And, I dunno." he continued. "I think I could probably tell the difference. Wow! Look at you! I have to say ..." he paused, holding her hands up and away from her body. His eyes roamed up and down her, and then came to rest on her bosom. "... I have to say. Corseted dresses suit you." 

She swatted at him playfully. She said nothing, but couldn't help but notice a green handkerchief in his pocket. Green, she thought with a smirk, looking forward to telling her boyfriend apart from the others at the ball. "Oh!", she said, cutting off her own thought. "There's something you could help with. Could you help me out by getting something out of that glove compartment for me? I can't get in alongside there, in this skirt...", she said, sweeping her dress back and forth. 

"It's a dress, love.", Peter said, patting her hip as he walked past, slipping in easily, opening the door, and retrieving the blue jewelry box. "There you go!" he said, handing it to her. 

With a quick kiss, the two parted and Kiersten hurried back upstairs with her treasured delivery. Kiersten's arrival was accompanied by applause and cheering, and her spirits were raised enough by her visit with Peter to accept it with a bow, to Vanessa's raucous laughter. 

Just over an hour after Kiersten's triumphant return, the bridal party arrived at the ball. Kiersten's face was hurting a little from smiling so much, which was a matched set with her sides that aching from laughing so much. She was going to miss the small-group feel she'd gotten into with the rest of the bridesmaids, as their group disappeared into the party. She was also definitely feeling the effects of that last glass of that lovely fruity red that Vanessa had insisted was 'for the road'. As soon as the opportunity presented itself, Kiersten made a beeline for the buffet, the better to avoid conversation and all the eyes that she felt watching her dress. 

From beside the chocolate caramel fondue, Kiersten kept her eyes peeled for Peter. Her gregarious boyfriend was normally her refuge from social occasions, running interference for her and keeping conversation alive. Kiersten quickly located two of the groomsmen, both handsome and mysterious in their domino masks, dark capes, and wonderful black tuxedos. Partial credit went to the wine, and some credit to her gown, and more went to Vanessa's risqué stories, but Kiersten was already looking forward to getting Peter home ... and then out of his suit. 

"Looking for someone?" asked a rolling, baritone voice from behind her. Kiersten turned just as a masked man extended his arm to lean on the table. Kiersten heard herself gasp, and then giggle, as she was suddenly pressed against one of the groomsmen. Glancing at the groomsman's chest, she saw Peter's green silk scarf, and she relaxed into her lover's strong arms. 

"Maybe." drawled Kiersten, playing coy. The alcohol was producing a wonderful fuzzing across her senses, and had banished her more timid behavior. She took hold of Peter's tie, and studied his eyes. "I mean, how would I know? Why, you could be anyone. I could be anyone!" she giggled. The joke amused her, but the thought tantalized her. Between the costumes and the alcohol, she felt a temptation to be ... well, maybe not wild, but less reserved. 

"Anyone.", Peter nodded, smirking. "You're scarcely recognizable. Your own mother wouldn't know you!" he chuckled. 

"I know!" she said, giggling. "None of the photos of this party are going to be any good. We'll have no idea who's in them." Her eyes twinkled and she ran a hand over her handsome groomsman's chest. The suit fit Peter wonderfully, adding width to his shoulders. The mask seemed to lend a striking green tone to Peter's grey eyes. Kiersten bit her lip, and he smirked. 

"What if ..." Kiersten started, then hesitated. She didn't want Peter to think she was being too forward. But, Vanessa had said he'd had a more daring past. If he likes daring, Kiersten thought, I can give him daring. "What if, you and I, mysterious stranger who I do not know..." she began, licking her lips and dropping her voice to a whisper. 

Peter nodded, leaning in, almost conspiratorially. "What if we ... ", Kiersten said, pausing to use a finger to point back and forth and indicate the two of them. "... What if we took a break from the party, and, maybe ..." She bit her lip again. She had little practice with this sort of thing, and she was at the end of her seduction resources. Her alcohol-fueled courage had robbed her of the words, leaving a muddled mess in their place, so she left her sentence hanging. Kiersten instead tried making her intentions clear by running her hand up Peter's firm chest. Wow, she thought. That extra time at the gym is paying off. 

"You mean," her groomsman said, his low voice rolling over her ears, providing aural stimulation. "You, mysterious lady, would go off with me ..." he smirked, as she nodded, eagerly, biting her lip. "And we'd ..." he said, pausing. 

Kiersten nodded to encourage him. The sound of his voice already had her tingling between her thighs, and she didn't want Peter to stop. He wrapped an arm around her and pulled her snugly against him, snugly enough to make the firm bulge lurking in his suit-pants push against her. "And I'd ... " he said, his lips teasing her ear as he spoke, "And I'd fill you, so you spent the whole party all full with my cum?" 

Peter's words sent a tingle racing down Kiersten's spine, straight to her womanhood. She nodded, surprising herself with her eagerness. "Yes", she breathed huskily. "Yes, like that, exactly. It'd be just like the masquerade, mysterious sir ... secret." She looked into Peter's eyes, and flared her eyebrows. He may not have been able to make out the eyebrows themselves behind her feathered mask, but she knew he could see her eyes widen with excitement. His hand grasped her bicep and his fingers wonderfully full and strong, and she ran her fingernails down the front of his shirt. 

The both nodded, at the same time, silently agreeing to fulfill their desires. "There's a door back here, to a ..." he started, and she nodded eagerly, dropping what was left of her pineapple to the ground. "Let's go", she replied, taking his hand. 

As soon as the door was closed behind them, Peter's lips pressed to hers. Kiersten gasped, he hadn't taken to her so eagerly in some time, and she hadn't been ready. His kiss tempted and teased, never fully indulging her; his lips kept moving, his hands squeezing at her and pawing at her dress, wrapping tightly around her biceps and clutching at her hip. She kept up with his eagerness, the moist thrumming between her thighs spurring her lips and tongue to tease and her teeth to nip at his lips. Kiersten's hands clawed at him through the lovely silk shirt under his suit-jacket. Her lust had her hands tingling and Peter's body felt firm and wonderful under her touch. The alcohol had her feeling almost unfamiliar with her lover's body, and the sensation was intoxicating, arousing, and empowering. 

"Fuck me" she purred, around Peter's kisses, and he groaned in response as he rocked his hips against her, grinding and rutting. "Oh, please", she purred, smiling into their frenzied kissing session. "Take me, please, I'm ready, I'm ready..." 

Peter's hands, heavier and stronger and hungrier than she remembered, clutched at her. With one hand at the small of Kiersten's back, the other went to the back of her head, to gather her brown hair, and hold it. Peter had never held her quite so ... firmly before, and Kiersten had never realized how much she liked it. She gasped, and pulled against his grip. "Yes, exactly, exactly like that ..." she moaned, giving voice to her approval. 

Peter lifted her, and set her down on a side-table along the wall. As soon as she was supported, the warm slit between her legs called out for her to wrap her legs around Peter. Taking hold of his tie, she pulled him towards her, spreading herself and wanting to feel his length pressed against her. She licked her lips again, watching his hungry eyes feasting on her. Kiersten leaned back against the wall, and pulled her lover against her and atop her. 

"Come on," she panted, her lips pressing against his neck. "Come on, quickly, don't hold back..." 

Peter's thick, rough hands stroked up Kiersten's thigh and brushed along the edge of her panties. He stroked at the curve at the top of her upper thigh. Kiersten gasped as she felt Peter pull her panties aside, and as she felt his thumb brush across her moistened slit, Kiersten groaned. She squeezed at Peter's bicep, and pulled (or pushed, she wasn't sure which), trying to draw his fingers into her. 

Peter obliged, and pressed against the opening of her lustrous treasure with his index and middle finger. Together they pushed past her parting lips, extracting another groan from Kiersten and causing her thighs to shudder. Kiersten arched her back and she moved her hips to offer herself over to Peter's touch. Peter murmured, strong and approving and his thick fingers pressed further in, allowing his thumb to brush against Kiersten's clitoris, not rubbing it directly but from alongside her clitoris. Kiersten moaned, tracing her hand down Peter's arm, and set her fingertips on the back of his hand, pressing his fingers further in. "... Yes ..." she breathed huskily, running her fingernails over the back of his hand. "God, yes ... touch me there ..." 

While the fingers of Peter's right hand gently explored the moist folds between Kiersten's thighs, his left hand reached up and cupped the back of her neck. He murmured again, with a husky, heavy voice, as his lips pressed to her neck and his teeth traced her skin. His fingers worked against her, pressing in to seek out that spongy place inside her, which made her tightness press down around his fingers. She could feel her body pressing forward, the wine freeing her to give in to the excitement and anticipation flowing around Peter's hand. She could feel herself stretching and pulling, tight around Peter's fingers. "God, oh God ..." she purred. "Oh, God, you're gonna make me cum. Keep going. Keep going!" she insisted as her hips rocking hungrily and she nodded hastily. Kristen was desperately trying to get more of her lover inside of her, and her pussy was gratefully thanking her for the effort. "Yes, yes ..." she intoned, her voice hot and husky, as she nipped at Peter's neck, desperate for more of his touch. 

Peter growled as he ran a third finger up and down Kiersten's slit, making sure to get to wet. Kiersten gasped and her thighs shuddered as her hips rolled. "Push it.", she moaned, arching her hips up. "Push it in." She bit at Peter's neck. "Push me over, baby. Push me over." 

The sensation of the third finger firmly pressing at the mouth of her warm, dark channel sent convulsions coursing up and down Kiersten's body. She squealed as she rubbed her thighs against Peter's hand, trying not to clamp them closed around his hand to keep from stopping the sensations. Her hand buried itself in Peter's dark hair, her fingernails almost sinking in to his scalp. She felt herself trembling and losing control of her urges. 

"I'm, I'm ..." she groaned. She felt her temerity melting away as a tingling, explosive sensation was building inside her, ready to burst. She felt herself smile, broadly, and her eyes met with Peter's. 

"Cum for me." He said, his voice a husky growl. "Cum for me. Let me feel it." 

Kiersten's climax ripped through her, and she felt herself clamp down around Peter's hand. Kiersten's thighs shuddered, and her hips thrust upward and against the heel of his hand once, twice, a third time. The thrusts were desperate, verging on violent, desperate to take in even a bit more of Peter's hand. She cried out, pressing her head into Peter's neck to stifle her cries and revel in the sensations that tore across her body. It may have been the wine, or the mask, or Peter's tense desire, but something had letting her climax drive her and let it reach out higher and harder than it had before. 

The climax rippled up her back Kiersten's back, down her arms, over her curved buttocks. She felt the walls of her body squeeze, and pulse, and pull at Peter's hand. She could feel herself throb and hum. She shuddered, and leaned into him, resting on him, breathing heavily, enjoying the sensation of his touch. Peter's fingers never stopped curling inside her, pushing against the resistance of Kiersten's walls, continuing to stimulate her, continuing to grind her. Just after she came, already they were reawakening her, getting her ready again. Normally, Peter wouldn't last like this, and the feeling was wonderful... 

And the thought reminded Kiersten that Peter was still full and hard. Her hands reached down, and stroked at him, his length and girth both impressive through his suit's pants. "Let it out ..." she moaned. "C'mon, get it out ... fill me." 

Kiersten giggled when she heard herself saying such things out loud. She'd never spoken like this to Peter before, but she could tell from the way he groaned that it appealed to him. She wasn't sure she'd have the courage to use words like this again without some wine. "Fuck me", she purred, her hands fumbling with Peter's belt as she unbuckled it. "Are you gonna fuck me?" she hissed, biting her lip. "Come on. Give it to ..." 
