 You arrive at the wedding without a date. You are wearing a summer dress that is tastefully cut, stopping just above the knee with spaghetti straps. I am a groomsman who gets the good fortune to escort you to your seat. You immediately notice that I look good in a tuxedo. I appreciate how attractive you are and compliment you on your hair, voice, and smile. You are quickly taken with me and, despite your best efforts, you watch me much more frequently than you intend. During the ceremony you watch me. You get a small thrill when, as I first come out with the other groomsman, my eyes find your seat. 

It seems that the first thing I planned to do once we came to the altar was find you. You spend your time paying attention to how I stand, smile, and perform my groomsman duties. You find yourself hoping I will look at you and you unconsciously fix your hair and dress so you look your best when I do. Our eyes meet several times during the ceremony and you can tell that your efforts to impress me are working. At one point you give me a small, discrete wave and my smile becomes larger than you have seen it all day. You get an even bigger thrill realizing that I am excited by you waving at me.

The reception is very frustrating for you since I have to eat with the wedding party. You can't see me or talk to me as you hoped. When you do see me my attention is occupied and you can't make eye contact. You become concerned since there are some other pretty ladies at the wedding and among the bridesmaids. Just when you begin to give up on seeing or talking to me I walk up behind the table where you are sitting. I place a drink down for you and ask you if I can have the first dance once the music starts. You agree with a genuine smile that makes my heart race. With a toss of your hair you say "Of course." I return to the wedding party table and we finish up the ceremonies: cake cutting, formal dances of wedding party, etc. 

Your anticipation grows until at last, the dance floor is opened up to everyone. I make a straight line to you and hold out my hand. I dance every song with you out of fear of you not coming back. When we can't dance anymore we get drinks and get to know each other. I'm very happy to discover that I can make you laugh easily and you are happy to discover that you don't have to force any of the laughter. There is a definite chemistry building and, during a slow song, you slide your hands under my jacket and place them on my chest. My hands hold your hips and the small of your back, holding you close to me. We sway to the music and look into each other's eyes. You can feel my hands lifting your dress ever so slightly. You don't know if I mean to do it or not but you do know that you like it and you bite your lower lip in excitement. Your fingers clutch at my shirt a little.

I ask you if you would like to step outside. There is a covered patio running around the reception hall. You agree. Night has fallen and we walk around the edge of the patio. You lean against a post in a fairly secluded spot and look past me through a window. You watch people dance and laugh as I step up to you. You put your hands back under my coat and I place my hands on your hips, lower than before. We kiss for the first time. As we kiss your hands clutch the lapels of my jacket as though you want to make sure I don't back away. My hands slide up from your lower hips to your waist, pulling your dress along so it hikes up. You can feel the cool air on your exposed legs once the hem of your dress is almost to your upper thigh. You raise your left leg and wrap it around my right. My right arm slips down to hold your thigh in place and my hand touches your bare skin. You get very turned on as my fingertips find their way under your dress and creep up your thigh. You hold the back of my head, kissing me, until your feel my hand caress the curve of your ass and then my fingers start to trail along the edge of your panties. I moan when my fingertips touch the wetspot on your panties and you gasp from the realization that you have soaked through them. You wonder how long you have been this wet and then stop wondering when my fingers gently massage the wet spot.

You arch your back to push your pussy into my circling fingers. I start to kiss down your neck, then along your bare chest, then along the neck line of your dress, until my lips are where the small bit of cleavage shows. I press harder into your pussy and slip my tongue between your breasts, down the front of your dress, curling my tongue to lick one breast and then the other as best I can. You look through the window to see if anyone is aware of what we are doing. You worry that we might be seen then my fingers slip under your panties and I continue to rub. The motion makes your panties loosen and start to slide down your body. I suck on your nipples through your dress until you can feel my saliva soaking through and I rub your pussy vigorously, until your panties are pulled half way down to your upper thighs. 

I kiss down your front and place your raised leg down so I can pull your panties down further. I gather the front of your dress in my hand and hold it over your right hip as you step out of your panties. Leaving them around your left ankle, you raise that leg again and place it on a nearby bench. You get turned on at the sight of your wet panties rolled up and dangling from your foot and the feel of the air on your exposed and drenched pussy. You are so wet now that a trail of it trickles down your inner thigh and the straps of your dress have fallen off your shoulders. Once you comprehend how you must look you feel my tongue lick at your pussy lips and you shudder. I lap at you slowly, drawing my tongue along each fold and crevasse. You alternately hold my head to your damp cunt or squeeze your tits through your dress until you cum hard on my lips.

As you recover your breath I stand up. You feel my cock, which I have taken out, sliding along your leg as I rise. You know what is coming and you want it badly. With a fleeting thought to the people just a few feet away, dancing and partying, you reach down and hold my hard dick in your fingers. You guide it into you and watch my eyes close as I feel how warm and wet and tight you are. I moan as I sink my cock deeper into you. Our breathing gets heavier as I fuck you harder and harder, faster and faster. You wrap your arms around my shoulders and neck. You peer over my shoulder and you see people walking by the window, sometimes looking out as if they hear something but it is too dark to see clearly. The whole time you look through the window our fucking becomes even harder. The wet sounds of your pussy surprise you and drive me crazy, making me fuck you all the more rapidly until you cum on my cock. I slip out and turn you to face the post you have been leaning on. 

You smile as you still convulse from your orgasm, bending over with your dress pulled up over your ass. Your panties crumpled up on the floor between your legs now, you gaze at them as I push my dick into your pussy again from behind. You hold the post with both hands, looking over your shoulder, whispering "fuck me" and "yes". Your beautiful face, framed by your lovely hair, saying such sexy things obviously turns me on so I oblige. Each time I slide out my cock you feel your juices sliding down your inner thighs, almost to your knees. I reach under you and pull the top of your dress down enough so your tits pop out. I hold them tightly as I fuck you. You know you are dripping wet now and you only ask for more. I give you my cock harder and you press back into me, fucking my cock wildly until you cum again with a small spurt of pussy juices.

I whisper that I am going to cum so I pull out of you. Before I can do anything you spin to face me, squat down in front of me and take my cock into your mouth. You suck on it while stroking the shaft. You look so wonderful at that moment. Squatting in front of me, legs spread wide, pussy dripping from your three climaxes. Your dress is pushed off to the side so your pussy is fully exposed and you play with the wet lips and clit, then you use the same hand to pinch your nipples which still peek over the top of your dress. At that moment I cum hard and shoot most of my load down your throat. As you gasp some of it gets on your chin. You swallow my cum as you stand and place my sensitive cock back in my pants. Your dress falls back in place and as you pull the straps and top back up I bend to pick up your panties, putting them in my pocket. I run my finger along your chin and find the bit of my cum that didn't go in your mouth. You hold my hand and suck the finger, tasting my cum again but also your pussy.

We walk back in to the reception room holding hands. My other hand is in my pocket, gripping your panties and covering my hand in your pussy juices. We return to the dance floor. I put both hands on your back and you slip your hand back onto my chest. Your other hand goes into my coat pocket so you can feel your wet panties, too. You still feel your pussy, wet and dripping, on your inner thighs, so you look down. You see a white drop of my cum just beside your cleavage. The only way to keep it from being seen is to place your head on my shoulder. Your hand comes out of my pocket and you put it on my neck so I can feel that it is damp from playing with your panties. You feel that drop of my cum slowly trickle down your chest between your breasts. You look up at me and smile.