 Aiden asked me if I would go to the law conference with the others from our office. I must say I was stunned. I mean, I know we have a connection, but does he want more? Is he hoping to get me in bed? When he asked, my heart started to pound. I began thinking about the endless possibilities. Sure, I'd have to attend some boring sessions to get my continuing ed credits but shit, down time with him? Could it happen? Could I persuade him? Or would he be persuading me? I saw this opportunity as a win win. 

Everything looked to be coming together for the trip. My reservations were made and I was trying to pack my suitcase. What should I take? I know what to wear for our conference sessions each day but do I take super casual clothes for the evening? Sexy outfits? I'm not a distasteful dresser but I like to accentuate my assets when I can. It never seemed to bother anyone I worked with before, so why not? I put a few low cut tops in my bag and made sure I had my signature fragrance to spray in my cleavage and behind my ears. I pack pants, suits, jeans, panties. Nope, scratch the panties. I finish by picking out some lingerie.

It was time to leave for the conference. Since there were several of us going, we decided to car pool. I ended up in Aiden's car, of course, he insisted. There were two others in the car and we managed to be sociable on the trip there. Basic bullshit about work, personal lives, etc. We even played a round of name that tune on the radio shuffle. The sexual tension between Aiden and me was palpable. If we were alone in the car, the ride would have been much more fun. I wonder if he's ever had a blow job while driving. Hmmm, the image of me going down on him while he drives makes me wet. Just then we arrived at our destination. Thank goodness because I needed a restroom.

The hotel was gorgeous. It was decked out with ornate lighting fixtures and fresh flowers everywhere. It was a dream. We checked in and each of us got our keys. We were scattered throughout the hotel due to the high volume of guests. We each parted ways to check out our rooms, freshen up and meet for dinner in an hour. 

My room was amazing. A huge, fluffy king sized bed sat in the middle of the room with enormous down pillows lining the headboard. The windows were floor to ceiling and I had the most exquisite view of the city. This room had to have cost hundreds! The bathroom was just as beautiful. A magnificent hot tub bath and shower was the centerpiece of the bathroom. The bath was lined with candles and had all sorts of scrubs, lotions, and soaps for relaxation. This was going to be an amazing week!

I quickly changed into my jeans, a silky pink low cut top and heels. I freshened up my makeup and sprayed my perfume in all the right places. I looked in the mirror and I felt sexy, classy but sexy. By the time I got to the lobby everyone was waiting. 

There were five of us so we split cabs. As fate would have it, or rather as Aiden would have it, we rode in a cab together and our colleagues went in the other cab. The plan was to meet at a new Italian restaurant that was about thirty minutes away. Aiden had other plans.

He whispered to the cab driver and the next thing I knew we were turning left as the cab in front of us went right. I was a bit hesitant but I trusted Aiden. At that moment he placed his hand on my knee. 

"I thought we might spend some time alone tonight," he whispered.

"Where are we going? What about the others?"

"No need to worry about them. I'll just call and explain the plans have changed and we needed to go back to the hotel."

The cab went around the block and we arrived back at our hotel. I wasn't sure what to expect. He opened my door and I followed him. We got into the elevator and went up to the eighteenth floor. It wasn't my floor so I assumed it was his. I followed him to the door and as he opened it I couldn't believe what I saw.

Candles were lit, a table was set, music was playing, and it was like nothing I'd ever experienced before. He had this whole thing planned. He had this whole trip planned. I followed his lead as we sat down and ate dinner.

After dinner, he made me a drink. We sat on the sofa and continued our conversation. I started to feel warm. The drink was causing me to relax. Aiden put his hand on my knee and slowly moved to my thigh. My body was tingling. I wanted his touch. I wanted him to explore the rest of my body. 

"Jessica, you are stunning."

I blushed and let out a sigh. Aiden's hand kept inching further toward my inner thigh. This was pure pleasure. I knew what was coming but I loved every moment of the tease. He leaned in and pressed his lips against mine. I opened my lips slightly. Soon the passion became evident and the kissing more aggressive. 

He spread my legs open with his hand and started rubbing my pussy through my jeans. God, it was intense. I wanted him right then and there but this was his moment and I was going to submit to his fantasy. 

Aiden stood up and took my hands. He led me to the bed. I sat on the edge of the bed watching him and wondering what his next move would be. He lifted up my arms and started to take off my blouse. My nipples were hardening in anticipation. I had a lace bra on so he could see my excitement. He gently rubbed his fingers over my nipples and my back arched in pleasure. I reached around and unclasped my bra. My breasts couldn't wait to be free. One strap, then the next and there they were. His eyes lit up and his smile widened. 

"You have amazing breasts. They are absolutely perfect."

He laid me down on the bed and started to kiss me again. His kisses moved down my neck and to my chest. With both of his hands, he grasped each breast. Tenderly, he began to kiss them. I moaned out of pure pleasure. I love the feeling of having my nipples kissed, licked, sucked, and bitten. That alone can make me cum.

I could tell my pussy was getting wetter as he continued pleasuring my breasts. I wanted my jeans off. I took his hands and led him to the top of my pants. He eagerly started to take them off. My breathing became more rapid as the intensity grew. It was going to happen. We were going to do this. 

"Oh, my god, Jessica."

"Yes?"

"I have been waiting so long for this. I've wanted you since the moment you walked in to my office for that interview. And then when you sucked my dick in the office, damn, I wanted all of you."

"Then take me, Aiden."