 Tuesday night when I got home my machine was blinking, so I played it and sure enough it's him. He probably wanted to see me and I wasn't home. I'm thinking his male ego will have him here in the morning. That night, all I could think of (with anticipation) was what could happen in the morning... 

As I took my shower that evening, I took extra care and treated myself to a scented bath gel. I also took out a special cream colored satin teddy. I'd be ready to dazzle him. 

I went to bed and slept rather restlessly. Can you blame me? Even in my dreams I was anticipating what tomorrow would bring. 

Sure enough Wednesday morning at 5:00am, my doorbell rang (I had finally just gotten to sleep soundly). But none the less, I jumped out of bed and ran downstairs. I opened the door slightly, but didn't see anyone at first. I'm thinking to myself, "was I so excited about today that I imagined the doorbell ringing." 

But he was there… he was just playing with me. I opened the door and let him in. We kissed and hugged for a minute. Anticipation zipping through my veins already. I slowly climbed the stairs (I'm still very sleepy and not coordinating very well!) he's holding me from behind. His hands roaming on my backside. I ask if he minds if I take a quick shower to help me wake up. He says “no, I don't mind” (I wonder why?!). I run into the bathroom and he heads for the bedroom. The water is running and I begin to undress as he walks in... Needless to say, I'm a little shy and he senses this so he gives me a quick peck and leaves, heading for the bedroom. 

Thinking about this and what fun can be had with us both in the shower, I whistle for him and hop quickly into the shower. As I'm wetting my hair, he enters and helps me with the task at hand. It feels so good and watching him excites me even more. I touch him and let my hands and eyes explore... 

Something about the water beating down on us and the two of us being together, just sent ripples of pleasure all through out my soul. 

He touches me as well, and the water helps his hands glide along curves of my breast. He teases and tempts me, his fingers pinch and tease my nipples into attention. We pause a moment and stare into each others eyes. His eyes twinkle with mischief as he descends to kiss me. His lips are soft and sensual. Our tongues mingle, initiating the dance our bodies will soon be performing. With a determined look in his eyes, never breaking his stare, he takes to my breast, sucking like a babe to a bottle. 

Enjoying his ministrations, a moan of pleasure escapes my lips. He’s nibbling and teasing my other breast as I reach out to touch him. 

His manhood standing at attention, demanding equal time, is a sweet sight to behold. My hand touches, squeezes and glides along his shaft. He lets me know it’s pleasing to him, pressing further into my hand. A squeal of delight escapes as his fingers find the core of my being…

We’re both now beginning to reach a state of frenzy. He pushes me against the shower wall and in one swift move, he enters me. He doesn’t move for a moment, savoring the feel of being enclosed in my softness. 

His passion drives him as, we are both taken to the highest peaks of pleasure. His rhythm is fast and steady. We can’t hold back any longer as we explode in ecstasy. Slowly we return as he holds me tenderly. I shower him with tiny kisses and we just hold still a moment while our souls return to earth. 

Rinsing each other off, we tease and tickle each other playfully and enjoy our intimacy. We now dry each other off taking special care not to miss a spot. Rubbing the towel just so… 

Hand in hand we walk to the bed and lay back enjoying each other’s company. We talk for a while, occasionally kissing tenderly. Before you know it, he’s tearing the towel away from my body, demanding entry once again! With as much force and determination, he drives into me like a man possessed! Each movement is felt to the depths of my being.

He pulls out almost completely and then suddenly he’s bolting back in! It’s driving me entirely out of my mind, I’m moving along with him. He hears my excitement with each moan. With one more thrust we are consumed by the explosion, falling to pieces in each others arms.

Unfortunately, we both realize with much humor, he’s lingered too long and we will both be late for work.

      _______________

What can I say, “Time flies when you’re having fun!!!!!

This is a true story.  I dated a man that loved to come and visit me unexpectedly at times early in the morning, just before work.  Don't think we actually made to work this particular day.  *grin*

Suggestions, comments and/or praise are always welcome.