 The next day, I headed back to the airport to pick up Paul and the rental car. Paul and I hooked up with some other friends who had arrived in town and spent the day around Louisville, even seeing where they make Louisville Slugger baseball bats. When everyone in the wedding headed to the rehearsal later that afternoon, I headed out to the airport again to pick up Gloria, a very cute, petite girl of Korean ancestry who'd been my neighbor in the dorm during senior year. Gloria was actually one of two people I had major crushes on during our senior year of college – the other was Neha, a cute Indian girl who would also be at the wedding. Unfortunately for me, nothing ever happened for me with either of them because they both had serious boyfriends in college. In fact, Neha had married since graduation.

It was great to see Gloria again and she was looking hot. Even though we weren't in the wedding, we were both invited to the rehearsal dinner so we got back to the hotel, checked Gloria in and went to change into nicer clothes. I knew we had some time to spare, so I wasn't rushing to get changed and was surprised when Gloria knocked on my door. We hadn't seen each other in a long time, so she wanted to hang out together instead of sitting alone in our rooms. She had already dressed and dolled herself up and looked even hotter in her sleeveless little black dress and black stockings. I told her I hoped she wouldn't mind me changing in front of her and she reminded me that as neighbors in our dorm she had seen me in as little as a towel coming from the shower, so she wouldn't be exposed to much that she hadn't already seen. That made sense so I went ahead and swapped my t-shirt for a dress shirt and shucked my jeans.

"What's that you're wearing?" she suddenly asked. I thought the shirt was obvious so she must have meant my boxer briefs – long like boxers but tight like briefs. I lifted the tails of my shirt to show her. "Come here, let me see those." So I walked over to where she was sitting and let her have a look, worried that I'd pop a boner right in her face and embarrass myself. Then she reached out and touched them and immediately my dick started growing. She ran her hands up the sides of them, feeling the material, but when her hands went around to my ass I knew this was going somewhere else. She never even looked up at me, just stared at my growing bulge. Finally, she slid the briefs down and let them drop to my ankles as my cock popped out. She lifted my cock up and sucked it into her mouth as her other hand went down to cup my balls.

I couldn't believe what was happening! I was actually getting a blowjob from Gloria, longtime object of my desire, and we weren't even drunk! Horny as I was from last night's reminiscing and the fact that it was Gloria's lips wrapped around my cock, there was no way I would last very long. Didn't matter, though, there was no reason to try to prolong it. I just enjoyed her hot mouth sliding up and down my shaft, her tongue tracing circles around my head and her small, delicate hand pumping at the base. I didn't want to run my fingers through her hair, assuming that she'd spent some time on it when she'd dolled herself up, so instead I took off the shirt I'd just put on, knowing this was going farther than just a blowjob. I started pushing my hips at her face as I felt the intense pleasure peaking, then I blasted a load of cum down her throat.

She continued to suck and swallow, letting my cock drop out of her mouth as it began to soften then looking up to find me naked.

"That was fantastic," I told her, "and now it is your turn." I kneeled before her and pulled on her legs until her ass was on the edge of the seat. I flipped up the hem of her skirt, revealing black panties under her hose. I pulled them both down and off and set them aside then ran my hands back up her inner thighs from her knees to her pussy. Her black hair was sparse and neatly groomed and I could see her juices collecting between her lips, so I leaned in to lick them up. The noises she made indicated that she enjoyed this so I kept it up, also slipping a finger into her.

Her pussy was hot, smooth and silky to the touch and I couldn't wait to slip my cock into it. I concentrated on bringing her to orgasm since I could feel my cock already waking up again. She obviously had no qualms about mussing my hair since her hands were buried in it and holding my head in place. As I sucked her clit and pumped my finger in and out of her pussy, I rolled my eyes upward to catch a glimpse of her face, almost as if to convince myself I was actually with her. Her eyes were closed and her head was rolling side to side as she let out more noises which seemed to be building in volume and intensity. I slipped my finger out of her pussy and slid both hands under her ass, feeling her smooth, soft skin, and lifted her pussy against my mouth while ravaging it with my lips and tongue. She was helping by rocking her hips and pulling my head down until she suddenly started to quiver all over, giving me a mouthful of flowing juices.

After a very intense and satisfying orgasm, she settled back onto the chair and I raised my head from her lap. I stood and helped her to her feet and we made out. I turned her around and unzipped her dress, helped her out of it and hung it over another chair. Holding her from behind, my mostly erect cock pressed between her ass cheeks and grew some more. I cupped her small breasts still inside her black bra, feeling her nipples pushing outward, then undid the front clasp and tossed the bra aside. My hands returned to her now bare breasts and toyed with her small, hard nipples while I kissed her neck. We were still in front of the chair she'd been sitting on, so I suggested she climb up on it, kneeling with one leg on each padded arm and lean forward against the back of it. This put her pussy at the perfect level for some from behind penetration. I rubbed my hard cock back and forth over her clit and teased her opening with the head before pushing in.

Her pussy was amazing – it felt like it was lined with silk or satin and was just tight enough. I started out holding her hips while pumping in and out, but leaned forward to cup her breasts as they hung, playing with her nipples again. She was pushing back against me and moaning and I slipped one hand down between her legs to play with her clit while I fucked her. She surprised me by cumming again so quickly, again seeming to quiver all over, which felt fantastic on my prick. When she seemed to have finished, I pulled out of her despite not having cum myself. I indicated for her to stay in position and maneuvered under her so I was sitting on the seat of the chair. She then lowered herself from the arms down to my lap and impaled herself on my waiting staff. This position put her petite breasts right at mouth level, so I began licking and sucking her nipples as she bounced herself up and down on me.

The feel of her pussy was amazing sliding up and down my tool and I relished every second of it, still astounded that I was in this situation with her. I looked up at her face again to reassure myself and she smiled down at me then pressed her lips against mine. My hands were coursing up and down her back and over her smooth ass as her tongue probed my mouth. I felt my second orgasm beginning to build and eagerly anticipated blowing a load into her steamy pussy. With my hands under her ass, I helped her slide all the way up my tool before dropping all the way back down. She was leaning on the back of the chair, her tits again in my face getting a tongue lashing, and riding me vigorously. It wasn't long before all the blood in my body was in my groin and I exploded in orgasm, crying out in pleasure as I did. She rode me for a few more seconds before coming to rest on my lap as we held each other.

I don't know how long it was before we realized we'd better get going to the rehearsal dinner. We continued to touch each other and kiss while we dressed and she sat immediately next to me on the large bench front seat of the rental car on the way to the restaurant. We cooled off a little in public with everyone at the dinner, but were still smoldering for each other. I wasn't worried at that time about finding another opportunity to be together despite the fact that tonight I'd be sharing my room with Paul (his girlfriend was arriving in the morning) and Glo would be bunking with Sarah, who was arriving later that night. I knew I'd have a room to myself tomorrow night.

The dinner was great fun, having so many of us together again and meeting the bride's family. When it started to wrap up, plans were laid for moving the party to a bar. I had to head back to the airport to pick up Sarah and was pleased when Glo volunteered to go with me. Once we were on the road, Gloria offered to give me a blowjob as I drove. I deferred, telling her I'd rather fuck her in the airport parking lot right here in the front seat of the car. She had no problem with this proposal and went ahead and peeled off her hose and panties again, tucking them into her purse. While she massaged the bulge in my slacks, my hand was under her skirt toying with her clit.

I was an expert at the Louisville Airport by now, so I made my way to a good spot for a quick fuck and parked. Glo lay back on the seat as I knelt between her legs. She opened my pants and pulled out my cock, giving it a few strokes before I lay on top of her. I slipped into her silky pussy and again it was pure bliss. We pressed our lips together and our tongues explored each other's mouths as she raised her hips to meet each of my thrusts. We knew we didn't have much time, Sarah's plane was probably already on the ground, and this wasn't really a romantic moment, this was just passionate fucking. I could taste the salty sweat on her neck as I planted kisses there, resisting the urge to suck for fear of leaving a mark, while she moaned softly in my ear. She then surprised me again by cumming suddenly, her body shuddering beneath me while her moans became quivery. Feeling the tremors through her pussy brought me to my climax as well and I filled her with a load of my creamy cum.

We took only a moment to recover, then straightened ourselves up and zipped off to the passenger pickup lane. We were relieved Sarah wasn't standing out there tapping her foot waiting for us so Gloria jumped out and shot inside to find her while I aired out the car. Glo was back with Sarah in a matter of minutes and we all had a quick reunion right there by the car before jumping in and finishing it on the way to the hotel. Gloria took Sarah up to their room while I went to mine, where I found Paul looking somewhat green. Something from the rehearsal dinner hadn't agreed with him and he was suffering as a result of it. Consequently, when the plans to meet at a bar were squared away, Paul decided to pass. Most of the rest of us went out for a few drinks and reminisced, but didn't stay out too late because of the wedding the next day. When we got back to the hotel, Paul was already snoring so I just went to bed myself.