 The next day, most of us slept in as long as we could. The wedding was at 12:30 and those taking part in the ceremony had to be there early. I hooked up with Gloria and Sarah and went to look for some breakfast on the way to the airport to pick up Paul's girlfriend. Not to belittle a beautiful and important day like a wedding, but the wedding is not the focus of this story. Suffice it to say the wedding and bride were beautiful and the reception was a lot of fun. Because the wedding started so early in the day, we were back at the hotel after the reception by 5:30 with plans to get together for dinner later that evening. We all went back to our respective rooms, me finally being alone in mine. I didn't feel like I needed a nap, so I just kicked back on the bed and turned on the TV.

It was probably half an hour later when there was a knock at my door, so I got up and answered it. It was Sarah. She asked if I'd been sleeping and I told her no, I'd been watching TV. She explained that Gloria had fallen asleep and Sarah couldn't seem to be quiet enough for her, so she'd left and come down to visit with me. We talked for a while before both becoming engrossed in "Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade" on the TV. I was sitting up leaning back against the headboard and Sarah was lying with her head at the foot of the bed. It wasn't too long before I wasn't so engrossed in the movie anymore, becoming distracted by Sarah's ass aimed at me almost within arms reach.

Sarah and I had a history; we'd slept together numerous times in college and immediately after, so I wasn't too worried about her reaction if I made a pass at her. I was more concerned whether I should start anything we might not have time to finish. Then again, I had the room to myself for the whole night. That decided it so I sat up and reached forward, palming her left ass cheek.

Sarah didn't react, which was better than having my hand swatted away, so I started massaging her ass and gradually began to move my hand down to the top of her leg where my fingers massaged between her legs. Her acknowledgement of my touch was a positive one: she spread her legs apart wider. I focused my manipulations on her pussy, knowing that her jeans were limiting what she could feel. Finally she turned on her side, rolling her ass away from me, and reached for the bulge in my jeans. We massaged each other for a few minutes before adjusting our positions – me sliding down the bed further and her sliding up.

With our faces at each other's crotches, we both went to work undoing each other's jeans. I unbuttoned and unzipped hers and was not surprised to find that she was wearing a black g-string. I began rubbing the damp front of it as I felt her pull my cock out and immediately wrap her hot mouth around it. Oh man, just as good as ever. She pushed my jeans and underwear down as she sucked, so I did the same, pushing her jeans and g-string down far enough so that she could spread her legs and I could get my face between them. I easily slipped two fingers into her, she was so wet, causing her to moan. Sarah was always a moaner. As I pumped my fingers, I sought out her clit amidst her light brown fur and began slurping it, resulting in another moan. Meanwhile, I could feel Sarah's hot, wet mouth sliding up and down my cock and one of her hands stroking my balls.

After a minute or two, I rolled onto my back, pulling Sarah over top of me. She propped herself up with one arm and used the other hand to pump my cock while sliding her lips up and down it. I was still sucking her clit and jamming two fingers in and out of her pussy. I switched hands, burying two fingers from my other hand into her pussy while pushing one of the fingers already slimy with pussy juice into her ass. She let out a surprised moan and suddenly her whole body was quaking as an orgasm tore through her. She stopped sucking my cock, still holding it in her fist, while riding out her orgasm, but I kept pumping my fingers in her ass and pussy and sucking her clit the whole while.

Once she'd settled down, I popped all of my fingers free and let my head fall back on the bed, staring up at her pussy. She attacked my cock with a vengeance, pumping and sucking and licking, moaning all the while. I ran my hands up and down the backs of her thighs and over her ass while she sucked, enjoying the smooth firmness while also enjoying the feel of her hot mouth on my cock. Soon, I was shooting my load into her waiting mouth which she eagerly gobbled down.

She flopped off to my side again and we lay there catching our breath and recovering, still toying with each other's intimate areas. The phone rang and I debated getting it, quickly deciding I'd better since we still had dinner plans. It was Gloria asking if Sarah was with me. If I'd been thinking quick I'd have said no and bought us some time for a possible quick fuck, but I told her yes. She said she would be coming down and I couldn't tell her otherwise without making her suspicious that something might be going on. I didn't want either of them to know about anything going on with the other for fear of jeopardizing all of it. We pulled our pants back on and each used some mouthwash and were presentable by the time Gloria got there. I was already on the phone figuring out our plan for dinner.

A huge group of us went out for a nice dinner and drinks then made more plans to head over to a blues bar afterward. I was pretty excited through dinner basically assuming that I'd be laying either Gloria or Sarah later that night. It looked like it was going to be Gloria when Sarah begged off going to the bar and went back to the hotel to sleep. The bombshell came when, barely through my first beer, Gloria bummed a ride back to the hotel with another group of people who were ready to turn in. Apart from the others, I asked her if she wanted me to come along, reminding her that I had a room all to myself. She told me that as tempting as it sounded, she was going to pass because she really was tired.

I looked around the remaining group and the only female with any potential was Rav's sister. I decided to forget that idea for two reasons: first, she was Rav's LITTLE sister. Although she was 21, it still didn't seem like a very cool thing to do. And with Rav knowing me the way he did, he'd be well aware of my unpure motives. The second, and more important, reason was that she wasn't expressing the tiniest bit of interest in me. It looked like my luck had run out…or so I thought.

We closed down the bar and headed back to the hotel en masse. I was barely in the door to my room when the phone was ringing. I figured it was either Gloria or Sarah so I was smiling as I answered it.

"Hi, its Neha," came the soft voice. She had come back to the hotel with her husband hours ago. "I saw you guys all come in just now. Is it okay if I come by your room?" Why would she want to visit at this late hour? My luck couldn't be that good…or could it?

I hung up the phone and realized I had a hard on. It gave me an idea. I quickly shucked my jeans and underwear, then pulled the jeans back on, tucking my rigid tool down along my left leg. I stashed the underwear and propped the door open with the deadbolt, then sat on the end of the bed. When Neha knocked, I called out for her to come in. Believe it or not, she was wearing a long nightgown and a robe and even slippers. She looked like a TV housewife – Carol Brady or Marion Cunningham, except for being Indian. I was leaning back on my elbows hoping to make my hard prick look more prominent and was pleased to note her eyes drifting to it as she sat near me on the end of the bed.

I filled her in on what she had missed out on since coming back to the hotel and she indicated that she had been pretty much dragged back by her boring husband who now lay snoring in their room. She couldn't get to sleep so she'd been fuming in a corner of the lobby when she saw us come in. The whole time we were talking, her eyes kept wandering to my stiff cock tucked down my pant leg. Finally, I just stood up and asked her if she wanted to see it as I unfastened my jeans. As she nodded I pulled my rigid tool out right in front of her. She never moved, so I pushed my jeans down to mid thigh and stepped toward her. As I aimed the head of my cock at her lips, she parted them and took me into her mouth.

If this whole story is starting to sound unbelievable, imagine living it. I was afraid at any minute I'd wake up.

Her hands gripped each of my ass cheeks as she sucked, releasing one only to hold my cock up out of the way while she licked and sucked my balls. She didn't really need her hands, though, just slid her lips up and down my cock while her tongue pressed against the underside. I was running my fingers through her short hair, but as my orgasm got closer I held her head in place while pumping my hips, essentially fucking her face. She was using her grip on my ass to pull me in, taking all of me into her mouth. Finally, I let loose a torrent of cum as the feeling of pleasure washed completely over me. When I'd finished, I let go of her head and she nursed my cock until I was limp.

I had her stand, helped her out of her bathrobe and grasped the nightgown just below her hips, pulling it up. Her panties turned out to be plain white cotton, not too exciting, but as her breasts were exposed I leaned in and licked and sucked her hard nipples. Once the nightgown was off and tossed aside, my hands went to her tits and fondled them and her hard nipples. I asked her to lie on the bed while I shucked my jeans again and discarded my shirt. Looking at her laying there, her plain white cotton panties suddenly looked pretty erotic up against her light brown skin. As I crawled up the bed, pushing her legs apart, I could see her dark bush through the material. She was fondling her tits as I crawled up the bed, running my hands up her thighs.

I leaned over her to suck on her nipples as she held her tits up to my mouth. From there, I kissed my way back down over her stomach to the waistband of her panties. I sat back up and lifted her legs up and together so they pointed at the ceiling. I pulled her panties over her ass and up her legs then tossed them aside as she let her feet drop back onto the bed on either side of me. I ran my fingers through her pubic hair and brushed my thumb over her clit, eliciting a moan. Spreading her lips, I leaned down and touched my tongue to her clit evoking another moan. I started licking and sucking her clit and slipped a finger into her dripping hole as she began writhing and pushing her hips up at me.

I looked up and saw her playing with her dark nipples, her eyes closed and her tongue running over her lips. My finger was soon coated with her dripping juices, which I could not lick up fast enough despite how tasty she was. I concentrated on her clit while sliding my finger in and out, feeling her dark curly hair tickling my nose. She was highly charged and was soon holding the back of my head while forcing her pussy against my face, moaning louder and louder all the while. At this point, the hand that wasn't pumping a finger in and out of her pussy was running up and down over her smooth, flat stomach. Finally, she went rigid with her hips up in the air and let out a long, jagged moan before gradually bringing her ass back down onto the bed.

I raised my head and crawled up the bed until I was directly over her. She smiled up at me then raised her head as I brought mine down so our lips could meet. I suddenly felt her gripping my almost stiff rod as she whispered for me to "stick this thing in me." I lowered my hips and allowed her to guide me into her slippery, steamy pussy. I kissed her neck as I pumped in and out of her and she ran her fingernails lightly over my back. She reached down and gripped my ass cheeks, pulling me in deeper than I was already thrusting.

After a few minutes, she asked if I'd mind if she got on top. I told her "Of course not" and pulled out before flopping next to her on the bed. She swung her leg over me, reached behind her to guide my rigid tool back into her sweet pussy and pushed herself down on me. My hands now held onto her ass, helping her up and down, and my lips and tongue were working on her hard, dark nipples dangling just above my face. She started out riding me slowly, sliding all the way up and down my cock, but progressed to slamming herself up and down quick and hard, grunting with each drop.

Her tits were swaying wildly, making it difficult to keep her nipples in my mouth, so I dropped my head back on the pillow and just watched her face as she fucked me, my hands on her smooth waist. She had a look of content concentration and determination, as if she had her goal in sight and was looking forward to reaching it. Meanwhile, I could feel her silky pussy drawing my orgasm nearer. As my cock began to swell, her breaths became shorter and when cum exploded out of my cock, the second shot sent her over the edge and I could feel her pussy convulsing around my still pumping cock. She finally collapsed on top of me and after a few seconds rolled off to lay next to me.

We lay there holding each other, our naked bodies pressed together, until we just about dozed off. Neha looked at the clock and decided she'd better get back to her room before she fell asleep in my arms. I watched from the bed as she pulled on her long nightgown, covering that lovely body. As she slipped into her robe I noticed her panties sitting nearby so I reached out for them and held them up to my nose, inhaling her musky scent, before offering them to her. She smiled and said she'd like me to keep them to remind me of tonight. As I walked her to the door, she mentioned checking her work schedule to see if she could arrange some business trips out my way. Now that could be fun! We kissed long and passionately, then she was gone. I turned out the lights and was asleep practically before I hit the bed.

The ringing phone awakened me early the next morning. It was Brian. I had promised to drive him and Lara out to the airport but had asked that they call and give me about 10 minutes before they needed to leave. I threw on the same clothes from the night before but didn't bother searching out the underwear I'd stashed before Neha had come by. I brushed my teeth and threw on a cap and was on my way to the lobby. I saw Brian and Lara checking out as I grabbed a cup of complimentary coffee. As I walked toward them, I noticed Sarah coming toward us from the corner of the lobby. She figured that since she was up, she'd just take a ride with us out to the airport. We headed out there and saw Brian and Lara off then headed back to the hotel.

Sarah's hand dropped to my thigh as she mentioned that we still had some unfinished business to attend to. We parked at the hotel and hurried to the elevator. If not for the elderly couple riding with us, we'd have been all over each other inside. Instead we waited until we were inside my room with the door bolted before we began making out and tearing each other's clothes off. Our shirts were gone in a flash, as was her bra, and my hands went to her tits while hers went on to open my jeans. She expressed her pleasure at discovering my lack of underwear and pulled out my stiff cock, stroking it gently. She dropped to her knees to get my jeans off completely and on her way back up gave my cock a quick suck. I then dropped to my knees to take her jeans off and was pleased to find her wearing a white lacy thong with a little tiny bow on the front. I stood and rubbed my hard cock against the front of her thong panties while making out again. I then turned her around and told her to lay face down on the bed.

She crawled up the bed as I stared at her mostly bare ass, then flopped onto her stomach and spread her legs. I crawled up behind her and ran my hands over her ass cheeks before pulling the thong aside with one hand and grabbing my cock in the other. Pressing my hips against her ass, I guided my cock into her and pushed. Embedding myself fully, I reached forward and under her to hold her tits and tease her nipples as I began pumping in and out of her slippery pussy.

I felt one of her hands briefly touching my cock and balls before she started stroking her clit. As usual, she was moaning like crazy as I fucked her and was pushing her ass up to meet my thrusts. It wasn't too long before I felt her shuddering through an orgasm, but I kept on fucking her in the same position while she rode it out and headed for another one. My cock was feeling damn good sliding in and out of her pussy from behind and I could feel the beginning of a nice orgasm building up. As my orgasm approached, I found myself thrusting faster and harder and Sarah's moaning was increasing as well. Suddenly, my orgasm burst out of my cock and filled her pussy with cum and just as I was almost too limp to continue pumping, I felt Sarah experiencing her second orgasm.

I rolled off and to her side and, glancing at the clock, decided I'd better start getting my shit together if I wanted to make my flight. I invited Sarah to shower with me and, despite having already showered, she let me yank off her thong and joined me. Since she was already clean, she washed and shampooed me, stirring me up again with her hands all over me. I did lather up her tits just because it is something I like to do when I shower with a woman. All rinsed and worked up again, we got out and dried off. Like most hotel bathrooms, this one had a lot of mirrors, which got me to thinking. There was a big mirror over the sink, so I could bend Sarah over the counter and do her from behind and we could both watch, but there was also a tall mirror across from the toilet.

I sat on the toilet seat and pulled Sarah toward me, backwards. She sat on my cock with her back to me, facing the mirror, and started bouncing up and down on it. I peeked around her and saw in the reflection that she was watching the same thing as I was, my cock disappearing in and reappearing from her furry pussy. My hands were on her hips, helping to push her up and pull her down, and hers were on her tits, playing with her hard nipples. I reached around to stimulate her clit, knowing that would help her along, which in turn would help me along. Her moans echoed in the small room and the moist, slurpy sounds of our lovemaking were amplified. We both continued to watch our reflections when suddenly Sarah's pussy began to convulse around my cock as she came. She kept bouncing up and down as she came and moments later, as she was finishing, I came myself. We sat, still looking at our reflections, for a few more minutes before we decided we'd need to really kick it in to get out of there on time.

Sarah got dressed quickly and left while I dressed and packed and did everything else I needed to get done. I met her and Gloria in the lobby then we packed up the rental and went out to the airport. My flight was the first to depart and before I left I got promises of visits from both of them. I think I slept almost the whole way home.

So, there it is, the best weekend of my life. Believe it or not.