 Jessica was lying on my bed, hips lifted so I could take her jeans off. Her breasts were fully exposed to me and the sight was stunning. As I inched her pants down, her pussy was revealed. I immediately started kissing what I saw. The softness of her freshly shaved pussy was intense. I had never been with a woman who was shaved. This was heaven.

I quickly took off her pants and spread open her legs. I kissed up her leg, to her inner thigh and blew on her pussy as I passed it and kissed down the other thigh. She moaned as I teased her. I kept doing this until finally she arched her back and lifted her hips so her pussy would meet my mouth. The teasing was over I had to taste her. I used my hands to keep her legs open and licked every inch of her pussy. Sucking on her clit and flicking it with my tongue.

"Mmm. Aiden, that feels so good. Put your fingers inside me."

I slid one finger in and continued licking her clit. Her hips were slowly moving up and down as she fucked my finger. I slid another finger in as she moaned with approval.

"Don't stop," she panted. 

I could tell she was getting ready to explode. I kept moving my fingers in and out, sticking them further in each time. 

"Cum for me, Jessica. Please."

Her breathing increased and her moans got louder as she climaxed. I could feel her orgasm. She sat up and took my fingers out of her pussy and put them in her mouth. Fuck! She wanted to taste herself. 

"I taste so sweet."

"Yes. Yes, you do."

I put my face in between her legs and licked up the rest of her cum. She was delicious. 

"Why are you still dressed, Aiden?"

"I was eager to please."

Jessica grabbed my hands to stand and started to undress me. Kissing my neck as she took off my shirt. Kissing my chest to my stomach as she unbuttoned my pants. Next thing I knew we both were naked standing in front of each other. She guided me back to the bed and I laid down. She straddled me and leaned down to kiss me. Her kisses were gentle and soft; the kind of kisses that are backed by genuine feelings. Those were the best. 

"What would you like to do?" she asked between kisses.

"I want anything and everything."

I could feel her wet pussy rubbing against my stomach as she shifted down to my hard cock. She took her hand and led my cock into her pussy. I could barely stand it. I had to contain myself or I'd be done. I wanted to enjoy this moment. 

She sat all the way down on my cock and I was all in. She felt soft, wet, and tight. Her pussy was unbelievable. She leaned forward so her breasts would be in my face. I grabbed them and sucked her nipples. She was rocking back and forth on my cock fucking me. 

"Does this feel good?"

"Jessica, you have no idea. I've never been fucked like this before."

I couldn't hold in any longer. I started biting her nipples as she fucked me faster. I could feel her squeezing my cock with her pussy.

"Cum for me."

Fuck, yes. My body's release was huge.

"Ahh, that was incredible. You are incredible!"

Jessica smiled, "You're not so bad yourself! How about a bath?"

This bathroom was enormous and had a two person hot tub bath. Jessica started the bath water and lit some candles. We sat down in the warm water and started to talk. She wanted to know more about my situation at home and I was curious about her personal life as well. She learned I wasn't happy at home and I learned she needed a lot more sex than she was getting. We were a perfect pair. It gave me hope for a long term relationship together however fucked up it may be. Just talking about these things with Jessica was liberating. My cock was getting hard again having this conversation and realizing I was sitting here naked with a gorgeous woman who needed more sex!

"I've never had sex in the bath. Want to try?"

"I think I could be persuaded," she grinned.

We fucked again in the bath and by this time we both were starving. I called down for room service and ordered food for both of us. Jessica came out of the bathroom with a towel wrapped around her. It was sexy as hell. If this was just the first night of our business trip, I was anxious to see what the rest of the week had in store.