 Author’s note: When I met these two very interesting couples, I was in for a very intense interview. I had happen to bring extra tapes, for this was going to be one long tale. The two couples stories are combined and tell the complete story. Let's begin with John Bennett's story.

John's Story

Annette and I met Rob and Sue through the local swingers guide. Anne and I have been swingers for quite some time now and we were looking for another couple to get involved with on a permanent bias, but so far we hadn't found the right couple. Nothing turns me on more that watching Anne with another man, woman, or both. Anne and I have been with many other couples before, and to this day, nothing gets me more aroused than watching Anne being please by another couple at the same time.

A couple of years ago, Anne and I were laying in bed, going through the local swingers personals, when we came across an ad which caught both of our eyes. Another couple, with interests similar to ours, was looking for another couple to get together with. Anne gave me that look that she gives me when she has when she is very interested in meeting someone. By the way she looked, I hoped that this couple was into marathons.

Within the next few days, we corresponded with Robert and Susan to set up a date to meet with them. We decided on a restraunt in a neighboring town to meet them at. Since it was their first time in the swinger’s crowd, we wanted them to be comfortable with this type of lifestyle. Anne and I have learned from past mistakes that rushing a first time couple could end with disastrous results. So we now take everything slow and with discretion.

We arrived at the restraunt around eight o'clock that Friday evening and were taken to our table by the hostess. Rob and Sue hadn't arrived yet, so I ordered Anne and myself some drinks from the bar. After the waiter had brought us our drinks, Rob and Sue arrived.

Rob and Sue are a very attractive couple and as we were introducing ourselves, I knew that this was the couple that we were looking for to get involved with on a perment basis. Both of them were right at home with us and it seemed that Rob didn't mind me flirting with Sue. I noticed that he was flirting with Anne also.

I'm in the computer programming business, while Rob repairs and upgrades them. I really don't want to bore everyone with all of the details of our lives, but we hit it off very well and had a lot in common with each other.

After the meal, we decided to go to a local bar to get to know each other a little bit better. Sue suggested that Anne should ride with Rob while she rides with me to the bar. We all agreed and I watched Anne get in Rob's car and drive off with him.

Sitting in the car, Sue placed her left hand on my leg and kept it there until we got there. Sue was a gorgeous woman and I'd say she is about five foot seven. Her weight, don't ask me and you would be better off never knowing a woman's weight, if you know what I mean. Her breasts were about Anne's size, the way that I like them...small.

Now on the way to the bar, Sue kept quiet the whole time. This was completely different that when we were at the restraunt where she was very talkative and open. What I failed to notice at first washer right hand was in between her legs. About the time we arrived at the bar, I felt her shake and I saw this look of bliss on her face. I didn't say a thing, but I knew that I wanted to get to know this woman on a very personal level.

The rest of the night, the four of us played pool, talked a lot, and just had the best time of our lives.

When Anne and I got home later that night, we were in bed fooling around when Anne asked me,

"So what did the two of you do on the way to the bar"?

"She had her hand on my knee as she played with herself". I replied. "And you"?

"I gave him a blowjob and swallowed his whole load when he came". Anne grinned, then quickly added, "Just kidding. Rob was the perfect gentleman. We just talked on the way there, but when I asked him if he ever watched his wife with another woman before, he got this instant hard on".

"And"?

"Never, but she's very curious".

"Well, we'll have to take are of that, now won't we"?

Around three the following day, Rob called up and asked me if we had any plans this evening. I told him that we did, but I was going to ask them if they wanted to spend next weekend at the cabin I owned on Lake Winchester.

"Hold a sec". Rob said with a few moments of silence. He came back on the phone and said, "We'd love to".

"Great"! I said and Rob and I hammered out all of the details for the coming weekend.

Every day, Anne and I talked to Rob and Sue, I was pretty sure that they was just as excited about the up coming weekend as we were. We've never had any guest at our cabin, much less another couple that we were about to be involved with. The wee crept along slowly and finally, Friday arrived.

Anne took the day off from her job so that she could do the shopping and packing for the trip. As soon as I got home, I got changed and started to pack the blazer with all of the things that Anne had packed earlier. 

About an hour after I got home, Rob and Sue arrived. Sue and Anne gave each other a hug, well, it was a little bit too long of a hug, but Rob and I didn't mind it at all.

We left the house about twenty minutes later and the drive to the cabin took about an hour and half. When we got there, Rob and I did most of the unloading of the blazer, while the girls went in and began preparing dinner. It didn't take us long to lug everything into the cabin, so we grabbed some cold beers and headed to the dock that I had built a couple of years ago.

I should tell everyone about the lake, so here it is. My grandfather owned all of the property around Lake Winchester, to include the lake it self. The lake was so big; it takes several hours just to cross it. When grandfather passed away, he divided the land among his three children and since I was the only child that my parents had, I got my father's part when he died a several years ago, which was a good chunk of land, I'd say. Since none of my relatives live close by, the closest lives about seven hundred miles away, I usually have the lake to myself.

This particular weekend was like most others, quiet and no one else around. Rob and I were just finishing off our second beer when Anne came down to the dock and announced that dinner was ready. The meal was fantastic; the girls really out did themselves.

After dinner, I got ourselves a drink from the bar and we all went outside. Sipping my drink, which I usually make strong, I found myself starring at Sue. Sue had her light brown hair tied up into a ponytail and was wearing a pink sleeveless blouse with matching shorts. What made me stare was she wasn't wearing a bra. Now if she was, She really fooled me for her nipples were showing through her blouse.

After the sun went down and the sky was dark, Anne announced that she was tired and she was going to bed. I wasn't tired so I decided to stay up for a while. Rob also said that he was going to bed, then turned to Sue and asked her if she was coming.

"No". Sue replied, " I think that I'll stay up for a while too".

Rob got out of his chair and gave her a kiss. As soon as Rob and Anne went inside of the cabin, Sue moved over to the couch with me, sitting next to me. After a brief moment of silence, Sue spoke up;

"You think that they're going to do anything"? 

"Yes". I replied. "I kind of thought that also". She said getting closer to me. "Rob doesn't go to bed this early".

"Neither does Anne". I said as I put an arm around her.

We sat there for a while as the moon began to peek above the horizon. With out thinking, I turned my head to look at Sue, only to find myself being kissed by her. We sat there, making out for a while when Sue suggested that we went inside.

"I have a better idea". I said. "Let's go down to the dock."

Taking Sue by the hand, I lead her down to the shore and onto the dock. Standing on the dock, I began to take off my cloths.

"What are you doing"? She asked me.

"Going for a dip". I replied and jumped into the lake.

By the time I had surfaced, Sue had her cloths off and leaped in. I was feeling like a teenager again as we splashed around and chased each other in the water. Then we ended up in each other’s arms, kissing and pressing our bodies together. Her nipples pressed hard into my chest, causing my cock to harden. It wasn't long before I was fully hard and I felt her reach down with her hand, take hold of my cock, guiding it to the entrance of her pussy. With a few unsteady thrusts, I had managed to get myself inside of her fully.

Unlike the other women I had been with, she threw all of herself into it. She whimpered every time I would stop thrusting, she would moan and arch her back every time I would push harder. Sucking on her breast would make her muscles contract and squeeze my cock. This woman responded to everything I did to her. Sue gave as much as she took.

We had moved back to the dock and she made me lay down on my back. Now I have nothing bad to say about Anne, but Sue did things to me with her mouth that had me seeing stars behind my eyelids. More times then I can remember, she had my toes curl up as I had to force myself from coming. The talent that this woman had, well, I knew that Anne was in for a pleasant surprise.

When I finally had enough, I stopped Sue and got her to lie down on the dock. The area in between her legs was glistening with her juices in the moonlight. I lowered my head down and I could smell her aroma. It was different from Anne's, but she tasted as sweet as her.

I teased Sue with my tongue, by licking her inner thighs, just below her pussy lips. She squeezed her breast while pinching her nipples as I continued on. I hate to just go down on a woman. I love to, for some reason, explore, probe, and taste a woman.

My efforts to do this were meet with Sue's attempt to get me to get on with my business. But, I refused to give into her. I continued to explore her hairless lips, moving them to the side to feel more of her. The more I probed her with my tongue, the closer I got to her tunnel. When I finally did, I slowly inched my tongue in, little by little. Each time I let it slip in, Sue would try to force more of it in, but I wouldn’t allow it.

God, I loved to tease this woman. My efforts were driving her nuts. I was trying to pay her back for the teasing she did to me.

Her breathing was getting more labored and her moans were increasing in volume. I decided that it was time to let her have an orgasm.

My tongue had barely touched her clit when Sue arched her back, grabbed my head tightly with her hands, and within a few seconds, an orgasm hit her so hard, that her legs clamped down on my head like a vise. Her body shook so hard and her body literally lifted off of the dock, turning and twisting in all directions. It took all of my effort to hold her down, while keeping up my efforts on her clit. Then she pushed my head away.

"Can't take any more". Sue gasp as she struggled for air.

I laid there with her until she calmed down. Mean while, my cock is painfully hard and I was aching to get back inside of her. But I wait. I wanted to go on all night. I watch her face, her eyes are closed as her chest began to rise and fall slower and slower. Her body shivers every now and then from the coolness of the night.

She finally opens her eyes and smiles down at me and said to me, "That was Intense". Motioning me for me to move up, she adds, "Now I want you inside of me".

Moving up, I kiss her body, very lightly, and she moans with every touch of my lips. When I'm on top of her, my cock is throbbing hard. It feels like it is ready to explode. The length if it, rests against Sue's moist pussy lips and she reaches down to put it in, but I brushed her hand aside.

Moving my hips, I managed to get just the head in her. She wiggles beneath me, trying to get all of it in her, but all I do is to slowly push it in as slow as I can. God, I want to just screw the hell out of her, but as I said before, I wanted to last all night long.

When I had pushed it in as far as I could, I felt the tip of my cock touching something in her, for I felt her muscles contract around my cock as she had another orgasm.

I pulled out quickly, I had almost came in her. Looking wildly at me, I hissed her as I reached down to rub her clit. She groaned loudly as I touched her swollen clit. Continuing to caress her, I was able to calm down as I brought Sue to another orgasm.  When she settled down, I slide my cock back into her and proceed to thrust in and out of her with a slow steady rhythm. Sue wraps her arms and legs around me, which allowed me to penetrate her more deeply.

When I pick up the pace, I feel my testicles slap against her ass. The tingling in me increases with every thrust and my own orgasm begins to build. Faster and faster the pace grows as the tension builds even more inside of me. I know that my release is near and I don't want to stop it, not at all. I want to cum inside of the incredible woman.

Her eyes are closed and I can see beads of sweat on her forehead, glistening in the moonlight. Her face contorted as her own orgasm is near, but not quit there yet.

I feel my cum trying to come out of me, but I manage to hold it back, and the intensity increases till finally, I can't hold it no longer. My cum shot out of me like a bullet firing out of a gun. I hear myself groaning loudly as Sue screams as her orgasm over takes her. I'm surprised that we didn't fall off of the dock with all of the moving around that we did. The orgasm that I had was so powerful, that I was shaking for over twenty minutes. 

Sue was kissing me on the neck, lips, well, everywhere she could.

When we had calmed down, I got up, went over to my boat, and got out a couple of blankets from it. I went back to Sue, helped her up and we went over to the grass area, just off of the dock. We Spread on of the blankets on the ground, laid down on it and covered ourselves up with the other. The next thing I knew, Sue fell a sleep in my arms and I was soon to follow.

End of Part One