 The day had finally come, the day that Kristin had been dreaming about for one long year. Paul was finally available and she could now show him the love that had been welling up inside of her for so long. She knew that she loved him; she loved everything about him she thought of him while her hands shook on the wheel of the 2004 Volkswagen jetta. She was nervous the butterflies in her stomach were moving faster and faster. She turned down the street, she was so close to him, and she wondered if he was as nervous as she was. She pulled into the apartment complex and up to the parking lot Paul had specified the night before. She looked at her watch…right on time, now all she had to do was wait. She leaned against her silver car she hoped her hair and makeup were perfect she wanted to look her best for him. She looked down to make sure her skirt was right and that her shirt was all right when she heard his voice. 

“Well well well if it isn’t my baby girl Kristin.” 

Just the sound of his voice brought tears to her eyes. She looked up and wiped the mascara that was streaming down her cheeks. And managed to squeak out, 

“Paul…I love.” 

And that was as far as she got because Paul came over to her car put his hand on the side of her face and embraced her. His soft lips had met hers they were slightly parted his tongue slowly moved from his mouth to hers, parting her lips and going inside her mouth, their tongues met and rubbed one another’s. The butterflies immediately got worse, almost as if the butterflies had turned into small birds. Her knees got weak, and she almost fell, and he knew that she was falling and held her up it was almost as if they were thinking on the same wave length. Of course that really didn’t surprise her because they had often been on the same wavelength. After a long passionate kiss he pulled back from her and said,

“Goddamn that was defiantly worth the wait” 

she giggled and hugged him tightly and whispered in his ear that she loved him. 

He grabbed her hand and slowly led her into his apartment; they would come after the bags later. Kristin was planning on staying with Paul for a week and it was going to be quite the week. He opened his door and pulled her close to him she could feel his hard-on through his pants. And he told her how much he loved her. And then backed away and spined her around and made a comment about how she had way too many clothes on. He walked her to his bedroom and laid her gently on his bed. He kissed her again passionately and then started a trail of kisses mixed with long licks down her neck and stopped at her collarbone sucking lightly. He took off his shirt and then took hers off, she thought to herself…for the time that she spent getting ready he wasn’t even going to compliment on how she looked. Just as the thought left her head Paul chimed how beautiful she looked. This made her smile and she continued moving lower licking the parts of breasts that were exposed by her lace Victoria secret bra. He sat up and looked at her, he almost didn’t know if making love to this woman within the first seconds of meeting her was right. It wasn’t like they were strangers though, he knew everything about her. He looked into her eyes, and he saw the passion and lust in her eyes something told him that this was right. He asked her if she wanted to skip foreplay and go straight to making love, and she told blinked slowly and nodded. He finished undressing her and stripped the rest of his clothes off. His hand slowly moved down her stomach and felt in-between her tan legs he could feel that she was ready for him. He grabbed a wrapped condom from the nightstand, and she refused him. The truth was that she wanted to feel all of him she was tired of having something in the way of their relationship she took it out of his hand, and shook her head. He had a bit of a shocked look on his face, but he really didn’t care if something had happened, he truly loved this girl and what ever happens.

He eased into her slowly moving in and out slow but deep. She let out a moan that was soft but full of ecstasy. He kept a steady pace. He didn’t want to go to fast, he felt the walls of her pussy contract and get loose around his cock. This drove him wild, and he speed up ever so slightly. He went harder and deeper into her tight pussy he could feel her juices flow onto his balls, he looked at her face. Her eyes were closed she was biting her lower lip, her cheeks and ears were red, her expressions were full of lust, and love. He felt as though he was going to cum, and he kissed her neck and pulled out of her throbbing pussy. She cried out in disapproval and he didn’t have to say a word because he dove into her wet throbbing cunt, licking her wildly and sucking all of the juices he could he switched between her pussy and her clit, when he sucked her clit she got louder and he liked that, it turned him on. He flicked her clit with his tongue and started to finger her hitting her g spot the way he knew she liked it. This made her go crazy and she bucked up and came hard on his fingers. He licked up her cum and told her how hot she was. 

He sat back up and kissed her passionately while he slid his hard pulsating cock back into her hot dripping pussy. He started up at a medium pace, pushing into her hard and deep. Beads of sweat streamed down his forehead and he fucked her faster and harder. Her moaning increased and she got louder and louder. This made him go faster pounding her sweet pussy harder and deeper. He could feel a mighty load building up and he jerked and fucked faster, he moaned her name and he filled her sweet tight pussy with his cum, they had came together he could feel Kristin’s pussy milking his cock. He collapsed on the bed next to her, and was breathing deeply. He told her he loved her and kissed her again. He lies on his back, and put his arm under Kristin’s head and let her snuggle up against him as they both drifted off to sleep.