 My eyelids flutter as something wakes me. A smooth, hard object pressed against my lips. I fully open my eyes to see my boyfriend is straddling me, his hard cock jutting towards my mouth. I know exactly what he wants and he isn't shy about taking it. I open my mouth to say "good morning" but he takes this opportunity to slide his cock over my tongue in one swift thrust. I feel him hit the back of my throat and then he begins pumping in and out of my warm, wet mouth. I look up at him, my eyes beginning to water as he fucks my face, his balls hitting my chin as he pounds in and out. I gag a couple of times, feeling suddenly wide aware as I breathe through my nose. Drool drips down my chin as I take him deep in my throat. I feel his balls tense and then his cum is pumping down my throat, thick, warm and salty. I take every last drop with pleasure, satisfied that he has had his way with me.

I shower and get ready to head to work, my day begins early. I leave the apartment, hailing a cab to take me the short distance to the house I will be working at today. I don't want to be late and rush into the backseat. The driver is a middle aged man, his speakers blaring out a boring morning show. The blocks whiz by as he races off towards my destination. We arrive a few traffic lights later.

"That'll be $13.25," he says with a smile. I reach towards my purse and my stomach drops. I was in such a rush that I forgot my purse and all my money at home!

"I am so sorry! I don't have any money. Is there some way we can work this out?" I ask, glancing at the time and realizing I am going to be late.

"I think we can manage something," he smirks at me before pulling onto a secluded side street. He gets out of the car and slides into the backseat beside me. He unzips his pants, his cock big, hard, and veiny. It's thick and swollen, waiting for my mouth. I lean down, wrapping my lips around the head. He isn't pleased with my slow movements and places his hands in my hair, pushing my mouth all the way down his cock, his hardness sliding down my throat. He begins pumping my head up and down, face fucking me in the back of his taxi. My mind races with the idea of someone catching us here. I open my throat and take him as deep as I can. With a groan he cums in my mouth, tangy and salty on my tongue as I swallow. He lets me sit up again and I wipe my mouth before sliding out the other side of the car.

We are just a couple of houses away from where I am working today. I am helping a disabled man with some of his daily household stuff. It's my first day working for him and I am feeling a bit stressed about being late. I can't imagine he will be too happy! Hopefully he won't call my boss and tell on me!

I hustle up the sidewalk and knock on the door of the quaint little city house. The man answers almost immediately. I can tell he has been waiting.

"Come in," he tells me in a gruff voice. "You're late."

"Hi, I am so sorry about that! It won't happen again," I tell him nervously as I scoot into his home.

"I can't imagine your boss would be too happy about this. It makes your company look bad."

"Please don't tell my boss! Give me another chance. I am sure I can make you happy," I plead with a hopeful smile.

"Well, I think you should start right now," his hand takes my arm, guiding me down to my knees before him. The hardwood floors make my knees ache almost immediately but I am distracted by the head of his cock as it springs forth from the man's khaki shorts. It's nearly purple, hard and ready for me to suck him dry. He laces his hands in my hair, pulling my mouth towards him. I don't resist; I want to keep my job. I open my mouth and he glides over my tongue, his cock hitting my throat as I suck on him. He uses my hair to hold my head in place as he pumps in and out of my mouth.

He works quickly and roughly, using my face for his pleasure. I gag, gasping for air as I pleasure him, swirling my tongue and feeling my make-up begin to run from my eyes. He groans, pulling his cock out and stroking it as he releases a thick, gooey load all over my face. I lick my lips and taste his saltiness.

The man smiles at me, a big grin as he puts his cock away.

"Don't worry, your secret is safe with me for now."

Well, this was one of the strangest first days with a client I have ever had. We went about the day as though nothing had happened. I cleaned off my face and did his housework. I made sure he had groceries and then it was time for me to make my way home. Luckily, the company that I work for is located in a building just a few blocks away.

I walk there within a few minutes. I need to hand in my time card so I can get paid next week. I make my way into the office and smile at the secretary.

"Hi!" I greet her with a smile. She returns it, turning to answer the ringing phone. I grab a pen and write down the date and my hours. The door to my right opens and I see my boss standing there.

"Hi there, here to hand in your time card?" he asks with a smile.

"I am!" I walk over and hand the card to him. He glances down at it, reading over my hours. I see his eyebrow rise. My heart drops. "Can you step in here for a minute?"

He turns, disappearing into his office. My stomach drops. I follow.

"Close the door behind you, please."

I do as he says, turning to stand before him.

"I believe you were supposed to begin work 20 minutes earlier than your time card says. Why is this?"

"I am so sorry!" I explained my busy morning, glossing over the face fucking parts. "I really need this job."

He stands there looking at me, silent for a few minutes. My heart races.

"Well, maybe there is a way we can work this out. If you help me, I'll help you. I'll even throw in a little raise."

He makes his way around the desk, standing before me with a smile. I see his cock is hard, straining against his slacks. I know where this is leading and drop to my knees without any prompting. I reach forward and unbuckle his pants. His cock springs free, just waiting for my attention. I slide my mouth down the length of him in one move. His head tickles the back of my throat before I relax it, letting his cock have entrance. He begins thrusting his hips back and forth. I take each movement, savoring his smooth skin on my tongue as I slurp on him.

His movements begin getting faster and rougher. He fucks my face, making a sucking noise as he pumps in and out of me. His breathing quickens and his humping becomes jerkier. He spills his seed into my mouth, some dribbling down my chin. I wipe it away and smile while he redoes his pants.

"Thanks for stopping by," and with that he escorts me from his office. I use the phone at the reception desk to call my boyfriend for a ride home. 

My boyfriend pulls up outside and I gladly make my way to his car. I slide in the seat, excited to go home and take a nice relaxing bath. What a day! I can smell the cum left on my face and it makes me wet.

We arrive at home and I thank my boyfriend before making my way into the bathroom. I run the bath turn on the some music, and strip out of my clothes. It feels amazing as I slip into the sudsy water. I close my eyes, resting my head against the edge and closing my eyes.

Suddenly, I feel a presence beside the tub. I open my eyes to see my boyfriend standing there, completely naked and hard. His cock stands at attention and I realize my duties aren't done yet. He steps into the tub, his cock right in my face. He takes my head, pulling me towards his hardness and I open my mouth obligingly.

He rams into me, groaning as he thrusts in and out, moving at his own pace and putting me to good use. He fucks my face with no concern for my comfort. I drool, gag, and gasp as he relentlessly slides in and out of my mouth, pumping down my throat. I take him deep, breathing through my nose and looking up at him. He reaches down and roughly grabs one of my tits as he continues to fuck my mouth.

His eyes close as he shoves himself balls deep into my mouth, cumming down my throat. He holds my head in place, making sure I swallow every drop of his load.

Once done with me, he disappears as quickly as he arrived. My breathing is quick as I lay my head back again, the taste of cum on my tongue. I close my eyes again and can't help but smile. I have been thoroughly used today. I feel my pussy tingle at the thought as I slide my hand down my body. I stroke over my hard nipples before I begin rubbing between my legs.

It feels so good to be lying there with a tummy full of cum. What a great, face fucking filled day it has been.