 One weekend, in search of a romantic getaway, Jennifer and I jumped in the car and took off with no destination. After driving for a few hours we came to a small town in the country. As we looked for a place to stop for lunch, we noticed a cluster of new lake house cabins with a sign inviting interested parties to tour a model home. Since we had been considering housing options, we decided to stop for a look. The model tour was self-guided, and foot traffic was light. We grabbed one of the brochures, then set out on our way. It wasn't long before Jennifer and I found ourselves alone in a cozy cedar model called, suggestively, "The Hideaway."

As a warm-up to our romantic rendezvous, we had made good use of the drive, teasing each other with playful touching and verbal sex games. That build up combined with our new-found seclusion added up to a recipe for passion. When we climbed the spiral stairs to the loft and Jennifer glimpsed the queen-size bed, the look in her eyes said it all. She glanced at me, winked and gestured in the direction of the inviting bed.

We fell immediately into an embrace, and Jennifer kissed my neck feverishly. Her full lips and skillful tongue are unlike any other I've ever felt. As her mouth went to work on me, my whole body reacted, including my cock, which quickly grew hard. I caressed her beautiful body. As I ran my fingers through her long hair, she grabbed my ass and pulled me closer. I picked her up and laid her on the bed. Our mouths joined, and our tongues traced each others lips fervently. The kisses turned from sweet and gentle to uncontrolled and animalistic. Our tongues gliding along each other in a rhythmic motion that had us both aching for gratification.

Jennifer's writhing and hungry moans signaled that she was ready for more. I lifted her skirt back and reached down to find her black panties drenched. I removed them to reveal her beautiful shaved pussy. While my tongue traced her inner thighs, I caressed her lush breast. I teased her nipples with alternating light touches and firm squeezes, and she spread her legs for me to lick her pussy. I worked my tongue over it, nibbling and sucking. She reached down and spread her lips, exposing her dripping cleft. I buried my tongue in her pussy and traced a path up to her clit, lapping up every drop of sweet juice along the way. She quivered as I brushed over her clit and bathed her bare mound with my breath. Her excitement mounted with each stroke of my tongue.

I teased her clit while wiggling my tongue deep inside her. She stood us both up by the bed and whispered, "Now it's your turn, Greg," as she discarded my jeans. She dropped to her knees and licked my balls while stroking my throbbing cock. She worked her tongue and moist lips up to the base, then licked and kissed along the full length, tempting and tantalizing the head. I was approaching the exploding point. Jennifer managed to take my full cock in her mouth, and my body trembled wildly. As if on cue, she dug her nails in my ass while deep-throating me, then savored every drop of my eruption she caused.

We decided to proceed with the uninterrupted cabin tour without bothering to put our clothes back on. In the roomy master bath, we found ourselves staring at our flushed naked bodies in a full length antique mirror. That set my emotions raging. Knowing it gets Jennifer hotter than hell, I pinched her nipples from behind as I drew our bodies closer together. She reached down to play with her pussy while I nibbled the back of her neck.

When my long, hard cock found its way between her thighs, she grabbed it and rubbed it between her swollen pussy lips. I pressed forward, and she let go of her grip and braced herself on the bathroom counter. She arched her back, raising her tight ass, begging for me to enter her from behind. I eased my cock in her wet slit, then rocked in and out while she pushed back to meet and maximize each thrust. The strokes grew harder and faster. It was like we were making love for eternal bliss. In the mirror I saw a look of ecstasy on her face, and I felt her pussy begin to throb and quiver as I flooded her.

We had little time to revel in the afterglow, though, as we heard voices approaching rapidly. In our aroused state we had been oblivious to the entry of other visitors in the cabin. Now they were on their way upstairs! We dressed quickly and headed out the bedroom door, in time to meet a couple at the top of the stairs. We smiled as we noted how at home we felt in the place!