 It was Saturday night, around a few minutes to midnight. I walked into the club to find my friends. The place was busy with young people, and a lot of middle aged ladies out enjoying themselves, but I couldn't see any of my friends. I was about to turn and head to the Twifford Arms when you caught my eye. You were sat at a table on a tall stool just a few metres from the bar. It was a busy and modern bar. Soft lighting illuminated the walls from behind the rows of spirits, and a strip of light under lit the bar surface. The bar was made of strong frosted glass designed to capture the faces of the customers and bar attendants. It was this kind of up lighting that illuminated you, casting you in an aura of light much like an angel. You had drinks at your table that matched your pink cocktail complete with umbrella, pineapple, and cherry. It didn't look like this was your drink of choice, but you continued to sip at it absentmindedly through a twisty straw.

You were wearing a black satin style dress that hung from your shoulders by the straps and followed the contours of your body to your waist. From here the dress flared out a little over your thighs. In addition to this you were decorated by a lightly pinked sash that said "Little Miss Careful." I looked around the club and saw another 10 or so women with similar sashes. It was clear that you were a member of a hen party, made clearer by "Little Miss Bride" walking past me to the toilet. She looked like she may have had a few more of those pink cocktails than you had. She was nervously and quickly followed by "Little Miss Bridesmaid" who had a look of guilt and worry about her.

What captured my attention about you was everything in the way your hair fell over your shoulder, the way your dress complimented every part of you, and from my brief observations, even your persona. It was even in the way the light lit you up and framed your gentle movements. You looked like an angel - albeit a bored one.

I plucked up my courage, a shot of rum and ice, and walked towards you. 'What do I say?', 'do I walk past you?', 'why am I doing this again?', 'Oh, shit! I've been standing in front of you saying nothing for too long.'

I finish my drink in a nervous hurry as you looked at me quizzically.

"You look like you needed that" you said. My inner 14 year old child was screaming 'she talked to me, she talked to me.'

"Ha! It can help, sometimes" I said rather too quietly.

"Sorry, what did you say?" you shouted over the heavy beat of music from the dance floor.

I sat down opposite you. You looked more beautiful than at any moment before.

"This is going to seem a bit strange..." So this is how I am going to start. I said to myself. Interesting!

"I made this commitment to spread happiness through people I meet by telling them nice things about them. I wanted to tell you something I thought you would like to hear." I wasn't entirely sure where I was going with this, but it appeared to have you listening.

"I wanted to tell you how amazingly beautiful you look." There, I had said it and now I felt myself breathe with some relief.

"Really?" You said, "In what way?" You were not making this easy for me, and judging by your smile you knew it too. i told you all the things I had noticed about you from my observation point earlier. I included more detail about your smile, and how deep and naughty yours eyes seemed.

"Naughty?" you accused. You weren't offended, but you were surprised. I explained how I thought you were being naughty in making me feel more nervous. You laughed and asked if I wanted another drink. You put your pink cocktail down and came back with two tequila's, salt and lime, and two beers.

"So, what's with the sashes?" I immediately regretted the question as I already knew the answer, more likely, I suspected I did.

"We're all part of a hen party" you told me rather disinterestedly. "They're supposed to represent our personalities."

"So, you are clearly a very careful person, then?" It seemed such a stupid question as I feared it may antagonise you.

"Apparently. I've been designated the one who makes sure everyone gets home safely. The perk of the job is that I get to keep hold of the kitty money. That's how I paid for our drinks." You smiled that cheeky smile that made your eyes glint.

I looked around the club and noticed one of the members of the hen party clearly living up to her character name with two male club-goers.

"It looks as though 'Little Miss Porn Star' is living up to her name" I said. You looked over and smiled.

"Yep, that's Louise for you. Possibly the most suited name given amongst us. She could easily have been called 'Little Miss Reckless'."

"So, do they see you as the careful, serious, won't do anything 'reckless' one then?" 

"Yep, I think they do. I have their drinks, the kitty, the taxi number - just boring old me."

I was surprised with how down you sounded about your night out.

"I think they're taking you for granted. You know what, Fuck 'em. Do something for you. Something reckless. If they can't let you have fun with them then that's their problem. They need to take their own responsibility for their night." Wow, I sounded really righteous.

You were listening carefully, then you leaned forward. The light from the table created a shadow of your face. It was suggestive in how the mood had changed and the innocence was gone. "OK." you said, "Let's do something unexpected, risky, reckless. What do you have in mind?"

I wasn't quite expecting this, but I knew that spending the night with you would be a lot of fun. Moments like these only happen in dreams. And certainly not to people like me.

"Wanna do something, naughty?" I asked as I leaned towards you, both of us illuminated from the up lighting from the table. You agreed and asked what, exactly, I had in mind. You shifted on your stool with an energy and excitement.

"Let's do something risky. What about giving you an orgasm on the dance floor. But not like 'Little Miss Porn Star'", I added hastily "more discrete and careful. Doing something incredibly naughty right next to people who'll have no idea that it's happening." I hadn't even warmed up to ask this. It was a risky strategy coming out with the idea from the beginning. However, you didn't seem adverse to the idea. You looked at me contemplating it, chewing it over in your mind. You looked at me with those naughty eyes and smiled.

"If we did something like that, how would you do it?" The question teased me into more naughty talking, yet your tone and delivery was as innocent as anyone ever could be.

"We would go to the far corner of the dance floor. Plenty enough people dancing to shield us but also it's a darker spot. We would dance for a while and then my hand would slide under your skirt" You moved closer as I spoke so you could hear better.

Encouraging me to continue you asked "How would you get past my pants?" Your face so calm and neutral, but with a naughty glint in your eye.

"Well, that would be a problem." I consider the issue for a moment. I could see your whole body from where I sat and I couldn't help look you over. A smile spread over my face. As I looked back to you, you too were smiling, watching me. "I guess," I continued, "it would be best to take them off before we got there."

There was a real chemistry, a very naughty chemistry between us that you held in silent suspense as you considered this proposition.

"So, if I took off my pants, how would you 'make me have an orgasm'?" Hearing my words repeated back to me sounded like a sense of mocking, however as you finished your question you sipped your beer with deliberate sexual provocation.

I continue to let you into my imagination. "I would run my fingers over your groin" suddenly I was stuck for the appropriate sexy words, "and gently part your labia with my fingers. I would use my thumb to stroke your clitoris as my finger enters you. I would tell you about how we were being naughty, about how it feels with my finger inside you, and what naughty things I would do to you in your hotel room." There. I had finally said it. I had stated all my intentions and had left myself little in the way of further surprise. The only thing I hoped for was that I had left a little of an unknown quantity in your expectations of me, and a little intrigue into what things I might plan to tell you of the eroticism I had plan. It was over to you now. 

You smiled and sat back on your stool clearly thinking. You had this amazing ability to keep me on edge and hold the suspense like a delicate flower. You sipped your beer but never took your eyes off me. Finally you leaned back towards me, put the empty beer down and said "OK, let's be reckless." I watched as you moved your hands, slowly under your dress and wriggled. You kept your eyes on my, smiling, as I sat watching, mouth open, amazed. Silky smooth, and inviting, I watch as your pants emerged from under your dress, sliding over your thighs. You pulled your pants down over your knees, to your feet. You were quick, decisive, and discrete.

"There you go" you said handing me your pants. "Put them in your pocket so I can get them later." I pocketed your pants and watched you stand up. You held your hand out for me. "Come on then, let's go and dance." Your smile was naughtier than ever. I stood up quickly and followed you to the area of the dance floor I had previously identified.

We stopped in the darker corner of the dance floor with your back to the crowd. We started to dance. You, with your hand on my shoulder and other hand in your hair. Your hips swaying with ease to the music. Your movements were incredible, so sexy and confident. I had my hand on your waist and my other hand awkwardly waving at my side. We were comfortable together as we danced for the length of 3 songs. As the music changed, through some clever and technical DJ over laying, you moved closer to me.

You spoke in my ear "I think this is an appropriate song" and I noticed that the song had changed to 'Sexy and you know it' by the Justice Crew. Our bodies were pressed together as we danced. The dance floor was filling with more people because of the popular song choice. My left hand was resting on your back, just above your bottom. My right hand journeyed round to your thighs. Very slowly I moved my hand under your dress against your inside thigh. I felt your legs part for me and my hand continued its journey between your legs.

"You're already a little wet" I said in surprise and enthusiasm. You had been looking into my eyes the whole time since you last spoke.

"Of course" you replied, "I was pretty turned on listening to you at the table."

You pressed yourself against my fingers. My palm rested against a very neat and short cut tuft of pubic hair. My fingers felt the smoothness of your skin as they parted your lips to feel your wet sex and clitoris. You whispered a moan in my ear as I lightly touched you clit. I stroked either side of it simultaneously and fluttered my fingers over it. You had both your hands around my neck, and you still maintained near constant eye contact. Occasionally, your eyes would close and you would gently lick and bite your lip as pleasure washed over your body. Our movements on the dance floor were less exaggerated now, but they maintained an elegant swing. No one on the dance floor knew what was happening, especially the couple dancing next to us. They were all absorbed in their own enjoyment of the music and dance. I could see 'Little Miss Porn Star' in the distance swapping kisses and gropes with two new and very different guys from before.

"Talk dirty to me." You bring my attention back to you, and this 'reckless' act.

"I love the way you feel. How hot and wet you are. I love the way you move with my fingers. I love the sound you make in my ear." You moan again softly in my ear as you place your head on my shoulder. I feel your hot breath gently blowing into my neck.

"What happens at my hotel?" Your voice is hushed with warm breathy tones. I feel the warmth of your body against mine.

"After I make you cum here, next to all these people, I will take you to your hotel. As soon as we enter your room I take the belt from the complimentary dressing gown (I have no idea if you have one, but at this stage I don't want to stop and check my facts) and tie your hands in front of you. I take your sash and blind fold you. You say nothing, except you allow me to lead you to your bed and lay you down. I raise your arms above your head and check the ties and blind fold are tight. I run my fingers over your body. First from your wrists where the dressing gown belt is holding you, down the inside of your arms to you your breasts. I run my fingers down your sides and over your tummy. I continue over your hips and tickle your thighs with the back of my fingers. I look down at your body next to me. I kiss your lips and feel a hot breath on my cheek as I do so. I kiss your neck and chest. Over your clothes I kiss your breasts feeling your nipples harden under the material. I lick and nibble your nipples over your dress hearing you moan and your body tense a little."

As I tell you my fantasy my fingers, now two of them, continue to stimulate you. You are pressing yourself against me and breathing into my neck. I feel you tensing against me as your breathing gets a little more out of control. 

"What next?" you ask breathlessly.

I smile and enjoy how I am bringing you pleasure. I feel like a conductor with my orchestra.

"I continue to kiss along your body to your thighs. I push your legs apart and kiss the inside of your thighs up to your groin. My fingers stroke your lips and I nibble and lick you labia. Your hips move pushing your groin into my face. I place my thumbs either side of your clitoris and gently lick and kiss your clit. You moan more strongly. I massage your labia as I suck on your clitoris, teasing it with my tongue. Your body moves with my stimulations and your head rolls back. Your taste is so addictive and I love how you move with me. You push your groin more strongly against me as you start to climax. I reach up and hold your breast in my hand rolling my thumb over your hardening nipple."

Your hands grip hold of my neck for stability as you groan more loudly in my ear. No one in the club can hear you over the music, and no one is paying any attention to us as I feel your vagina tightening around my fingers. I have to hold you up as your legs become weak. I feel an increasing wetness around my fingers when you cum. Finally, you rest on my should as I whisper in your ear.

You rest against me as I slide my fingers out of you and rearrange your skirt. I observe that no one has noticed us as everyone continues in their own world of dancing. Little Miss Porn Star is still with her second group of two guys and we can see 'Little Miss Bridesmaid' giving 'Little Miss Bride' some water at our table looking a little concerned. There are a few other 'Little Miss's' around the venue in various forms of drunkenness and enjoyment.

You turn to look at me as you reach for my hand. You look deep into my eyes like you have all night. "Fuck 'em!" You say, "Let's go. I want you to do all those things to me back in my hotel. Except, I don't have a complimentary dress gown, so the scarf I have in my suitcase might have to do, instead."