 I keep replaying last night over and over in my head. Last night Aiden and I spent the night together. It was all that I dreamed it would be. He was amazing and made me feel so safe and secure. The interesting thing is that we really connect on a deeper level then just sex. That surprises me and scares me.

Today each of us from the firm went different directions to our designated meetings. My mind was a whirlwind. I could hardly focus on what was being discussed. All I could think of was Aiden and when we could be together next. 

I passed Aiden in the hallway as I was heading back to my meeting after a break. He simply smiled and handed me a note. That was odd but I was slightly excited at what might be inside. 

I sat down in my seat and opened the note. 

Jessica, 

I can't stop thinking about your kisses. Your lips are so soft and your tongue pleases me like no other. Your body feels like silk. I want to grab you and have all of you to myself. Your breasts are beautiful. I love how sensitive they are to my touch and how your back arches when I suck and gently bite them. Your pussy is the best I've had. You're so smooth, tight and hot. Meet me out in the lobby at the lunch break. I have someplace I'd like to take you.

Aiden

I blushed. I was eager for lunch time to get here to see what he had in store. I kept checking my phone to make sure time was moving. The minutes kept dragging and the speakers at this point were white noise.

Finally we were dismissed for our lunch break. I never thought it would arrive. I went out to the lobby and saw Aiden. He motioned to me and I followed him outside. He had the truck pulled around and we got in.

"Where are we going?"

"I want to show you one of the most beautiful spots in this city."

My interest was piqued. Music was playing in the background as we drove. Aiden reached over and grabbed my hand. His touch sent electricity through my body. We pulled into a heavily wooded area. The leaves were dazzling in their autumn hues. The sun was shining and everything looked golden. We were in a park. Apparently one that Aiden has enjoyed before. We drove to a spot and parked. He rolled down the windows so we could hear the sounds of nature. It overwhelmed me. It was the most exquisite spot and I couldn't contain myself any longer.

I leaned over to Aiden and kissed him softly. It seemed fitting that we quietly kissed as we were enveloped by our surroundings. I grabbed his face in my hands and looked him in the eyes as the passion grew in our kisses. Our hands started to wander as the intensity increased. I felt like this man saw the core of me as he stared into my eyes. 

We both knew we wanted more as we sat in his truck so we moved to the back. He laid me down in the back seat and started unbuttoning my blouse. His kisses were drawn to my neck and then down my chest as he arrived at my bra. He slid his hands under each strap and removed them from my arms pulling my bra down and exposing my breasts to the crisp fall air that was flowing through the windows. My nipples hardened at the chill. He softly and gently kissed each breast and then down my stomach. He hiked up my skirt and I spread my legs revealing everything to him. 

"God, Jessica, it seems like you become more beautiful each time I see you."

"Aiden, I want you to lick me, please. My body is aching for you."

His head became buried between my legs as he licked my pussy. His tongue knew just the right spots. Putting his fingers inside me, I started to moan even louder. I wanted Aiden so bad it hurt. 

I wailed out in ecstasy as I climaxed. I wanted more.

"Make me cum again," I whispered.

He shifted and slid down his pants. His dick was so hard and throbbing. He entered me easily and he filled my pussy. I couldn't help but squeeze him when he was inside. He felt amazing. He kissed me again and again as he continued to fuck me. His dick kept massaging just the right spot and soon I could tell I was ready to cum again.

"Please, don't stop. I'm going to cum again."

"Yes, Jessica. Cum on my hard cock. Cum for me, my beautiful girl."

We both reached our climax at the same time. That has never happened to me before. It was the most intense feeling I've had. The smile on my face couldn't be hidden. Aiden laid his head on my stomach and I ran my fingers through his hair. At this moment I started to wonder if this was just sex or was it becoming more.