 HER STORY

After a long flight, dealing with Customs and then a long bus ride to the hotel we can hardly keep our eyes open, dropping into bed exhausted we quickly fall asleep, cuddled in each others arms. The next morning we wake early to bright sun streaming into our room. We order from room service then move out to our balcony for a breakfast of fresh fruit and strong Jamaican coffee. Anxious to explore, we decide to do touristy things for the day, but as the day wears on our level of horniness increases with each passing moment. Around supper time we can't keep our eyes off each other and barely our hands. We decide to walk down to the beach 100 yards from the hotel.

Laying back on the blanket we have spread out you look over to admire my body in the fading light. I am wearing a pair of cutoff pants that seem to have been painted on and a short sleeved shirt that has one button done up at the top and then gathered beneath my breasts and tied, exposing my flat tummy.

After watching me move around, you are pretty sure I am not wearing a bra and your cock hardens a little in your shorts. This thought combined with the wait of the day makes you impatient for the outcome of the evening but for now all you do is pull me close to you and wrap an arm around my shoulders.

I turn onto my side so I am spooned up against you and draw my leg up so it rests across one of yours and lay my head on your shoulder. My breath tickles you a little as it wafts across the hair on your chest. Idly I begin to comb my fingers through it and smile to myself as I brush across one of your nipples and hear you gasp in response.

Your head turns to mine and our lips meet, tongues dueling softly in each others mouths, re-familiarizing our selves with how we taste. I feel your body tremble just a bit as my hand continues to torment your nipple which is now very hard. I turn my attention to your other one as I pretend your tongue is a small cock and suck on it, first hard and then lightly sweeping my tongue over the tip of it.

I hear other couples talking in the background as they pass nearby but I want you so badly it doesn't matter to me. Suddenly pulling my mouth away I crawl up so I am straddling your legs and undo my shirt, exposing my breasts to you. I reach down to your shoulders and help you sit up so your face is pressed into my nipples.

You take the hint and begin licking and sucking on them, pulling on the rings with your teeth as I grind my pussy into your cloth covered cock, moaning softly as it feels like millions of tiny electrodes pulsing through my body through my tits. I can only take so much and then I have to lay you back down and attack your nipples with my mouth, teasing them by wetting them down then holding my mouth open over them in turn and sucking in air. This causes them to get really cold and harder faster until I let them relax a bit by laving them with my tongue. You reach up and hold onto my head as your body arches off the blanket.

Looking around to make sure nobody is paying attention I lay back on the blanket so I can shimmy out of my shorts. You take this opportunity to run your tongue from my nipples to the waistband of my shorts and then down further as more skin is exposed. I wind up with my shorts somewhere around my ankles, spreading my thighs as much as possible to allow your tongue to slide up and down my slit before diving back in to sample the juice right form the source.

Biting down hard on my lip, trying to stay quiet, my body is shaken by an intense orgasm. A small muted cry erupts from my lips anyway and realizing the danger of discovery, you come back up to capture my lips as your fingers work to bring me off again. This time all of my cries are muffled in your mouth which only serves to make us both hotter.

Impatient now, you slide out of your own shorts and underwear to come and cover me with your body. I want to suck your hot cock but I know that now is not the time-I love the taste of your cum but I want it in me more. Drawing my legs up around your back, you enter me in one long powerful stroke, leaving me breathless. Rearing up on your knees for better angle you start to stroke slowly, but the day of waiting has been too much. Almost immediately your strokes pick up to short frantic lunges as you moan helplessly, almost carried away by the sensation of my pussy flexing around your cock. Ever the considerate lover you are determined I shall enjoy this as much as you so you slide your hand down to my pussy and start playing with my clit. As it turns out we have perfect timing and we explode together, my pleasure magnified by the feel of your cock throbbing in my pussy. I can feel each blast of cum as it leaves your hot cock.

Collapsing together on the sand as we have rolled off the blanket, we realize rapidly that we were not careful about noise this last time as the sound of applause greets us. Looking around we see three other couples standing there watching us. Neither of us knows how long they have been there but at least they enjoyed the show. Hastily gathering up our clothing and dressing, we race back to the hotel for a hot shower, holding hands and laughing like young school children.

MY STORY

We race into our room, laughing and out of breath, I go in and turn on the hot shower, adjusting the temp so its just right...then I go back in the bedroom and grab your hand, pulling you with me into the bathroom, I help you out of your clothes again, kissing you gently, you pull off my shorts with one smooth tug then we climb in together, letting the water wash over our bodies. I grab the soap and start lathering your skin, starting at your toes, you hold one foot up at a time, so I can wash between each toe, then I follow each leg up to the top, I love how smooth your skin feels, extra slippery with the soap on it. Meanwhile you are holding yourself steady with your hands around my neck. When I get to your pussy, I kneel down in front of you and soap up your outer lips, feeling how hot and puffy they are, I get you all squeaky clean, but I can smell your arousal again. I reach behind and soap up your ass, making sure you are all clean, gently I slide a soapy finger into your ass, I hear you moan and push down against my finger, pushing it in deeper. I move my finger around inside; it feels so hot and tight, with your muscles contracting around me.

With my other hand I slip a finger into your hot pussy, now I can touch both fingers together, one in your ass, one in your pussy, separated by a thin layer of skin. Oh that feels so hot... you are all clean from the waist down, now its time to concentrate on your upper body. I rinse off my hands then grab the soap again, soaping your back and arms and hands, as each hand is cleaned, I place your fingers in my mouth, sucking each finger one by one. I wash your neck, then move down to cup your beautiful breasts, rubbing the soap all around, I love the feeling of your nipples hardening under my touch. As the soap rinses away, I lean down and kiss each breast, sucking the nipples into my mouth while by hands cup and squeeze each one. My tongue flicks over each nipple, tweaking the rings and you put your hands on my head, pulling me in hard.

Now that you are all clean, I stand up and give you a kiss then reach for the shampoo, pour some into my hand then start washing your hair, gently massaging you scalp and working the shampoo all the way to the ends of each strand. Your hair feels silky in my hands; you look up and smile at me, loving the attention you are getting. As I shampoo your hair, you move your hands around on my chest, starting to soap me up. I turn the shower jets on your hair and guide your head under the water to rinse the last of the shampoo out. 

You take over the soap duty and start soaping up my skin, lots of lather because of my hairy chest, my nipples get hard from your caresses, it sends a tingle through me, all the way to my cock. Your hands are like magic working the soap over my body, not missing anything. You kneel down to wash my legs, which puts you right at eye level with my cock, now standing halfway up. your mouth opens and you suck the tip into your hot mouth, flicking your tongue over the head... my cock instantly leaps to attention, starts to harden like a rock from the attention of your hot mouth. You pull your lips away, I moan in frustration and you look up into my eyes, lick your lips and say "later, babe..."

As you look into my eyes, your soapy finger finds its way into my ass, rubbing all around the rim, your other hand soaps and squeezes my balls, I groan at the intense sensation, you just chuckle, knowing how you turn me on...slowly you stand up, then lean in for a kiss, while your fingers keep moving in my ass and over my balls...I stick my tongue deep in your mouth, and you close your lips around it and suck it in...your hands keep moving now, rubbing the soap up and down each arm and between each finger. You grab the shampoo and pour some on my head, then work it into the hair. Your hands feel so good on my head, so soft. After the shampoo you push my head under the spray, and rub your hands through my hair, helping to rinse all the soap away. We stand there under the spray, two squeaky clean lovers, ready for an evening of fun...

I reach around you and turn off the shower, then grab a big fluffy towel and wrap you up. Rubbing vigorously I dry every inch of your sexy body, except for one area that seems to stay moist. I flick my tongue between your pussy lips for a quick taste, then stand up and stick my tongue into your mouth... you grab another towel and rub me dry, then reach for your comb. I take the comb from your hands and carefully comb your hair; it looks so good when it's wet and shiny... I quickly comb my hair, and then grab my razor for a quick shave. 

We move into the bedroom and pick out our clothes for the evening. I grab a light pair of khakis and a short sleeved shirt; you reach for a short skirt and cami top. I start to pull on my thong and you stop me, telling me to leave that off. I smile at you and pull on my pants, being careful not to snag the zipper. I pull on my shirt, doing up some of the buttons, leaving enough open so you could slide a hand inside if you wanted to...I watch you pull on your sexy white thong, almost nothing to it though, just a triangle of satin with thin elastics around your waist and up your ass crack...then your thin red skirt, sliding up your smooth legs, covering your pussy from my eyes.. for now... next comes a matching bra, completely see through, with the clasp at the front... as you fasten the clasp I come over to you and lean down, sucking each nipple through the fabric, feeling them harden again...next comes the white cami, covering up your bra, but leaving your tummy bare, you look sooo hot baby, cant wait to help you undress later. You pull on your sexy sandals, then move into the bathroom to put in your earrings and a thin gold chain...

Ready to party, we walk downstairs then out to the beach. There is a full moon tonight honey so be ready for anything...we take off our sandals, then walk hand in hand down the sand, to the restaurant and bar...as we approach we can hear the music. I smile to myself and think of how much fun I am having, and how fabulous it is that you came into my life... and how much fun it will be to dance with you after dinner... and after dancing...

We get seated in a cozy corner, close to the bar, we can see other couples dancing as we settle into our seats and order drinks...we are sitting together on a padded bench and the table in front of us has a long table cloth, making it hard for others to see what are hands are doing...As soon as we sit down I feel you snuggle in close, then I feel a hand on my pants, caressing my cock, then reaching for the zipper and pulling it down..zzziiippp...I feel the cool night air... then I feel your hot hand curling around my hardening cock. I turn and look at you and see you smile at me and lick your lips...I just groan and give in to the feelings of pleasure as you stroke me to full hardness....The waitress brings our drinks, then walks away smiling, I am sure she could see your hand stroking me...As you sip your drink, I reach under the table and put my hand on your thigh, feel how smooth and warm it is....I move my hand up higher...feel the heat from your pussy...I reach the fabric of your panties... oh baby you are soaking wet, my fingers slide up and down feeling your lips through the fabric...then when my fingers are coated, I pull them out and bring them to my nose and lips, inhaling your scent, then sucking the hot juices off...you are so hot, you just look at me and whimper softly...

The bar manager is walking around lighting gas lanterns on the walls, once they are all lit, he turns off all the electric lights...we are bathed in the soft glow of the lanterns, your eyes sparkle, your skin shines....We have to control our lust for a bit, so I ask you to dance...you agree and carefully put my cock back in my pants and zip me up.... we sip our drinks, then after a few minutes we can stand and move onto the dance floor....its a fast song so I let you move on your own... watching you move, you are so sexy, I love how your skirt swirls up as you move to the music, showing more of your long legs...the fast song ends, and a slow one starts...I pull you to me, then wrap my arms around you pulling our bodies tight....we sway together, loving the feeling of our two bodies pressed tight, I look down at you and then press my lips against yours...we kiss long and hard...our mouths opening and our tongues dancing together...Oh sweetie, I love kissing you, it feels so good, I could do this all night....after a few more dances we return to our table, I grab your ass as we walk back to our table, you reach down and grab mine....

It's still early but we decide to finish our drinks then walk back down the beach, both anxious to get to our room....