 Journal Saturday, June 24, 1989 – Pat

I'm posting some of the journal entries from my college years. In case you were wondering the stories are true. For those of you keeping score at home this would be #9 in the series. 1-8 are already posted on Literotica. Cheers!



Pat called Friday and we talked for quite a while. She asked about Steve and I told her he had been moping around not doing much. I didn't tell her about all the babes he'd been fucking. I didn't figure it was my place to tell her. Besides I wanted to talk about the two of us and what we were going to do this weekend. Pat wanted to go camping. "We can't spend the weekend at your place or Steve might stop by," she said, "camping might be fun."

"If it means I get to spend the weekend in a tent with you," I told her, "I'm in. Where do you want to go?"

My Uncle has a huge farm over by Baksley," she said, "there's a spot way out in the middle of nowhere where we used to camp out as kids. I'm sure no one has used it in years."

"It sounds perfect," I told her, "miles from anywhere; you won't have anywhere to run."

"Why would I want to run from you," she giggled, "you don't scare me."

We finished our plans; she was going to bring some food and I'd supply the tent and some wine. She wanted to meet me at the mall parking lot so no one would see her car parked at my place for the weekend. "I'll be there Saturday morning," I told her.

I got a good night's sleep and was ready and waiting for her at the mall when she drove up. I helped her with her bag and picnic basket. "You look as beautiful as ever," I told her as she climbed into my car. She had on a pair of short shorts and a button down top. Once she got in the car she removed her shirt revealing a tiny little tube top that did little more than accentuate her lovely tits. "And now you look hot and sexy," I told her.

"Thanks," she blushed.

"I can't wait to rip that off you," I added.

"Me neither," she grinned, "It's been way too long."

"We'll see if we can't fix that problem this weekend," I said.

She grinned. "How has your love life been?" she asked, "better than mine I hope."

"It's been pretty dry," I lied, "I made one new friend but she went back to Texas before we could fool around much."

"That's too bad," she said, "we'll have to keep each other company this summer."

"Sounds good to me," I replied.

It was about an hour's drive to the farm. We played grab ass along the way and by the time we got there we were both horny as could be. "You're right," I said when we finally arrived, "this place is secluded." The final mile or so had been down a grass covered lane. We made out in the car for awhile before I told her we'd better get the tent up as it looked like rain.

"It's really humid," she said with a grin, "do you mind if I take my top off?" She didn't wait for an answer as she slowly pushed her top down around her waist. Her tits, while not as big as Jane or Vicki's, were still very nice. She was a smaller girl and her tits looked big enough on her smaller frame. They were firm and oblong with very little sag. Her sweet, button nipples were large and erect.

"Looks like someone's ready for action," I said, "unfortunately I'm going to be too busy staring at your tits to get anything done. We might just as well go naked."

"OK," she agreed. In a flash she peeled off her shorts and panties. "We don't need no stinkin' cloths," she grinned, "welcome to naked weekend." I stood frozen, staring at her cute, neatly trimmed blond haired pussy. "Don't stand there with your mouth open trying to catch flies," she giggled, "get out of those cloths and let's get this tent up before it rains."

I shucked my cloths and tossed them in the back of the car. My 10" cock was fully erect. "Oh baby," she said, giving my cock a quick squeeze, "let's hurry; I want that monster inside me as soon as possible. Fortunately my tent was one of those you removed from the bag and it pretty much set itself up. It was a good thing because it was already starting to rain. I tossed in the sleeping bags and followed Pat inside. Her ass stuck in my face was looking so fine that I stuck out my tongue and gave her asshole a lick.

"Hey!" she squealed, flipping around to face me, "who said you could lick my asshole?"

"I couldn't help myself," I grinned, "your ass is so fucking hot." She did have a beautiful ass. It was full and firm and perfectly rounded. I was usually a tit man but Pat's ass was so fine she could flip me into becoming an ass man. "Didn't you like it?" I asked.

"Of course I did, silly," she giggled, "but I wanted to go first."

"I insist on going first," I grinned. "Tell you what we'll do hammer, rock, scissor for the honors." We played and my scissors cut her paper.

"Oh well," she sighed, "I guess I can't complain about having my pussy eaten by the best in the business." 

She leaned against the back of the tent and spread her legs for me. I hesitated long enough to drink in the beauty of her body, from her perky, full titties to her hot little pussy with droplets of fuck juice already beading on her short, trimmed blond bush. "I hope you don't mind my saying that you are very beautiful."

I leaned in and we took turns slipping tongues into each other's mouth. "A girl really hates to hear that," she sighed as I ran my tongue down her neck and circled her tits. She moaned as I zeroed in on her nipples and started sucking. She had one hand on her clit rubbing herself while I sucked her tits. Between her rubbing and my sucking it wasn't long before she was cuming. 

I held her as she came then we kissed long and deep. "You won the first orgasm of the weekend contest," I announced, "now let me at your pussy and we'll see how many more times you can win."

She sighed as I ran my tongue down her body. This time I didn't stop at her tits but kept going right down to her sweet, wet pussy. I licked up as much of her cum as I could from her bush before gingerly slipping my tongue between her lips. She was even wetter inside. I did my best to lick as much cum from her pussy as possible but the more I licked, the wetter she became. It wasn't long before she was cuming loudly again, adding still more wetness.

"You weren't joking when you said its been a long time," I told her when she'd finished.

"Baby, you have no idea," she sighed as she slowly thrust her pussy up and down my face, "but you're starting to take the edge off a little bit."

"That's what I'm here for, Mam," I teased, "to satisfy your inner nympho."

"Hey," she protested, "I'm not a nympho. I'm just a girl who likes to fuck. A lot."

We shared a laugh. "You're my kind of girl," I said. "When was your first time?" I asked.

"I was 13," she said, "and it was right here. One of my cousin's was curious and we were playing show and tell. One thing led to another and pretty soon he had his tiny, little cock inside me. He came almost immediately and pulled out before I had a chance to cum but it was something I knew I had to keep trying until I got it right. The summer before freshman year I started dating seniors. Their dicks weren't much bigger but at least they could last long enough to make he cum."

I had been busy sucking and licking her clit while she told her story and by the time she finished she was cuming again. "Of course no one makes me cum the way you do," she sighed.

"How many guys did you do in high school?" I asked as I teased her clit with my tongue.

"Let's see," she sighed, "it wasn't that big a school. I want to say I did probably fifteen each year, so that would make sixty."

"Giris have it a lot easier than boys," I complained.

"No one does it as good as you," she added.

"I bet you say that to all the boys," I replied. I had a few fingers inside her cunt and my lips around her clit so she was too busy cuming to reply. But she did reward me with a nice face full of cum. "This weekend is starting out nice," I observed as the rain pattered on the roof of the tent and Pat slowly fucked my face.

"It's starting out fucking great!" Pat moaned from the downside of her climax, "a few dozen more orgasms and I'll feel nearly human again."

"A few dozen!" I exclaimed as I slowly licked her slit, "I don't think you could handle more than 6 or 7."

"I could handle you eating me all day and all night, babe," she grinned.

"Want to bet an ass fucking on it?" I asked.

"What are the terms?" she grinned.

"If you last more than a dozen orgasms then I'll just keep eating you're pussy until you tell me to stop. But if you beg me to stop before 12 I get to fuck you in the ass."

"It seems like I win either way," she said with a wink, "I'll take that bet." 

"Prepare to meet your doom," I told her as I thrust two fingers into her pussy while clamping my teeth down on her clit. I must have found her g-spot because her orgasm was instantaneous and the loudest yet.

"Four down, eight to go," I announced. 

"Keep going," she said when she was finally able to speak. I noticed her breathing was heavier and her voice deeper; I didn't think she could make it through 8 more orgasms without begging me to stop.

"Figuring I was going to win, I moved my tongue down to her asshole.

"Oh fuck!" she screamed as I rolled my tongue around her asshole, "that's not fa-fa-fa-fair..."

Her voice trailed off. As I slipped my tongue inside her asshole she began to cum yet again. She reached down and started slapping her clit while I continued working saliva into her asshole. She came so hard cum started squirting from her pussy all over me. "Holy shit!" she screamed, "that's never happened before."

"Cum all over me, baby," I told her, lapping up as much of her cum as I could. She continued to cum for several minutes but didn't squirt any more for me.

"That wasn't fair," she moaned when she finally stopped cuming.

"All's fair in love and war," I said as I slowly licked her pussy. 

"I don't think I can take any more," she admitted.

"Just one more," I coaxed, "I want you to squirt again."

"You win!" she cried, pushing me away, "what would you do if I passed out?"

"I'd roll you over and fuck you until you came around," I said with a grin.

"You probably would," she said, "but right now it's time to claim your prize." She grabbed my cock and stuck it in her mouth. She took it out and spat on it and licked in her saliva. "I just want to be sure your monster is slippery enough," she winked. She worked on my cock for several minutes before turning around on her hands and knees. "I think you're ready," she sighed as she reached back and spread her ass cheeks.

Just to be sure I drizzled some more saliva onto her pink, puckered asshole and worked it in with my tongue. "Oh fuck, baby," she cried, "give me your cock now! Fuck my asshole, baby!"

I mounted her and pressed the tip of my cock into the indentation made by her wet asshole. I didn't know how much ass fucking she'd done. My cock was pretty big so I took it nice and slow, just easing the tip of my cock into the rim of her asshole. "Are you OK baby?" I asked.

"More cock," she moaned.

I gently leaned into her and my cock slid an inch or two inside. Her asshole was very tight. I pulled back slightly and leaned forward again, driving another inch of cock inside her asshole. I took her moans of pleasure as a sign to keep going. I eased forward and slid more of my cock inside. Her asshole was tight but fortunately it was well lubricated. By the time my cock was half way home, Pat started cuming loudly. Pressing back against me, she screamed with pleasure as she buried my cock completely. "Fuck, baby," she cried, "fuck my fucking asshole!" I started doing as told, sliding my cock in and out of her tight asshole. "Harder!" she screamed, "tear my asshole apart, baby!" 

I grabbed her hips and really started pounding my cock into her asshole deep and hard and fast. "Come on baby!" she urged, "make me cum like a virgin on prom night! Harder; fuck me harder!" I did my best. She reached down and patted her clit as my cock flew in and out of her asshole. "Fill my asshole with cum, baby!" she urged. After an entire morning of making Pat cum, I figured it was about time I shot her a load so I worked even harder. As her screams grew louder and louder I thrust in as deep as I possibly could and started firing off a huge stream of cum. Pat screamed with delight as I pounded my cum in deeper with each thrust of my cock.

We finally collapsed on the floor of the tent, covered with fuck and panting to catch our breath. We cuddled on the floor of the tent and the rain lulled us to sleep. I'm not sure how long we slept. Pat woke me when she rolled over to give me a kiss.

"Now that's a great way to start a nice, relaxing weekend retreat," she sighed.

"Wanna go out and play in the rain?" I asked.

"Sure," she grinned, "tag, you're it."

I chased her out of the tent and around the car a few times. I could have caught her but I loved the way her ass cheeks moved and her tits bounced up and down as she ran. She finally stopped and asked, "Are you going to catch me or not?"

"You look way to good prancing about in the rain," I said, taking her in my arms.

"Wouldn't I look better with my pussy surrounding your cock?" she purred. We started making out while the rain drenched us.

"Is my little cum slut still horny?" I asked.

"I'm always horny for your cock, baby," she said, falling to her knees and taking my cock between her lips. Sue ignored the rain dripping from her hair and chin and rock hard nipples and proceeded to give me one of the most memorable blow jobs of my life. I helped wipe the rain from her eyes as she ignored everything except my cock plunging in and out of her mouth.

"Do you want to go inside before you drown?" I asked.

"I'm not going anywhere until you drown my mouth with a load of cum," she replied, returning to my cock with a vengeance.

"If you insist," I replied, "although I'd rather fill your pussy with cum."

"Rock, Paper, Scissors?" she grinned.

This time my rock crushed her scissors. "Come up here and take your medicine," I said. 

She was quite a bit shorter than me so I picked her up by the ass cheeks. While she threw her arms around my neck to keep from falling down, I spread her legs and eased my cock into her warm, wet pussy. "Oh fuck!" we exclaimed simultaneously, then laughed. Pat wrapped her legs around my waist and, with the help of my grasp on her firm ass, started humping my cock. She reached up and thrust her tongue in my mouth the same way my cock was thrusting into her cunt.

The rain was still falling. After 15 or 20 minutes of mid air fucking Pat suggested we take our fucking back inside the tent. I let her down and she slid off my cock. Naturally when she got on her hands and knees to crawl into the tent I couldn't help but nail her from behind, this time in her pussy rather than her asshole.

Pat looked back and grinned as I road her back into the tent. "What's the matter?" she asked, "you didn't like fucking my asshole?"

"You like it up the ass, huh?"

"Thanks to you I found out I love it up the ass," she admitted, "you were my first."

"Cool!" I replied, as I continued pounding her cunt, "I can fuck you in the asshole again if you like."

"This feels good for now," she moaned as she began to cum, "fuck my pussy, baby, fuck my pussy good and hard!"

I grabbed her by the tits and slammed her my cock with everything I had as Pat screamed her way through another orgasm. "That was great as usual," she sighed as I lazily pumped her pussy, "why don't you grab the picanic-type basket and we'll keep our strength up."



It had stopped raining and it was going to be a beautiful evening. I grabbed a blanket and spread it on the ground. "Hey Pat," I called, "do you want to eat out here and watch the sun go down?"

She crawled out of the tent, stood and stretched. The late day sun turned her long, curly hair to gold, her eyes had never been so blue, and I don't think she'd ever looked as beautiful as she crawled into my lap and slid her wet pussy over my cock. She kissed me deeply before grabbing a bottle of wine. 

"All this cuming makes a girl thirsty," she grinned, taking a long drink.

"Eat, drink, and be merry," I said, passing her a ham sandwich, "for tonight we fuck!"

She smiled and passed me the wine. I had never eaten before with a girl sitting on my cock but it was nice. Pat moved around just often enough to keep my cock from going soft. "So are you having fun yet?" she asked.

"You bet!" I exclaimed, "What else do you have in here?" I fished out a couple of P, B, & J's. I passed one to Pat.

"Thanks," she smiled, "do you know how I like to eat these?"

"No," I replied, watching as she pulled apart her sandwich. She raised the bread to her lips but instead of taking a bite she smeared them all over me, from my tits to where my cock disappeared into her pussy. "You mother fucking whore," I laughed. She was too busy laughing to protest when I smeared my sandwich all over her tits and tummy. When I finished I bent down and licked some from her left nipple. "Grape," I said, "my favorite."

"Who gets to lick first?" Pat asked with a grin.

"You can go first this time," I told her.

"Oh goody!" she exclaimed as she slid off my dick. I lay back and Pat started licking the peanut butter and jelly from my chest. The closer she got to my cock, the harder I got. Fortunately just as I was ready to burst she took my cock between her P, B & J covered lips.

"I didn't know there was any down there," I teased as my cock slopped in and out of her mouth.

"Shut the fuck up and give me some cum," she grinned, "I want some desert."

I lay back and savored the feeling of her lips sliding up and down my cock; her tongue curling around my helmet. She hadn't yet been able to totally deep throat me, but she was getting darn close. I had paced myself pretty good so far. I figured we had 12 or so hours left to fuck and I probably had 2 or 3 loads of cum left in me. I was happy to let her lips bring me closer and closer to exploding a load of cum inside her mouth. 

"You still want that load of cum?" I asked her. She looked up at me and I could tell by the fire in her eyes the answer was yes. "Lick around the tip of my cock, baby," I told her, "and get ready for some good, hot, grade A cum." She did as instructed with great enthusiasm. I grabbed the back of her head and started squirting. It had been quite some time since I had filled her asshole with cum so I wasn't surprised at the volume of cum I was able to give her. I was a bit surprised that she managed to take it all without spilling a drop. She smiled, licked her lips and swallowed before going back down and draining every last drop as I stroked her hair.

"You're a great little cock sucker," I sighed.

"Thanks," she grinned, "I love your cum."

"I'm afraid it's my turn now so roll over," I told her.

She lay back and I started licking and sucking her tits clean. Like I had said, she didn't have tits as big as my other fuck buddies, Vicki or Jane or Patty, but they were nice and firm. Her nipples were large any hard and extra tasty covered with P, B & J. And I could tell by the way she was moaning that she enjoyed having her tits sucked.

I cleaned off her tits and worked my way down. As I licked down towards her pussy I used my hand to wipe the P B & J from her belly and wiped it onto her pussy area. I was anxious to taste the mixture of peanut butter and cum so I quickly finished her tummy and moved my lips to her pussy lips. Pat squealed with glee as I used my tongue to clean her pussy and clit. It wasn't long before she blended her cum into the mixture. She raised her hips off the floor and fucked my face. She was a good little whore who loved to cum. I ate her pussy through 2 or 3 orgasms until she begged for my cock.
