 What started out as a wardrobe complement, gets really steamy.

It's been almost a year now but I can still remember the encounter as if it were yesterday.

My name is Glen, and as a 55 year old IT professional and my job has me doing a lot of traveling, trouble shooting the software my company has sold to other companies. This usually means I'll be on-site for weeks at a time and an extended stay accommodation is a big plus for coming back to in the evening.

It was one of those late December times in the upper Midwest where I'd spent a week at the client site fixing the glitches in the client's system. The accommodations were nice, like an efficiency apartment but a lot nicer. The unit had a really nice kitchenette with full size stove and fridge. The unit even had a small fireplace to relax in front of during the nighttime down time.

It was late Saturday morning and I was at the checkout desk, wrapping up the stay, and taking care of the usual couple minutes of getting a receipt and noting a couple of minor maintenance items. 

There was cute 50 year old gal off to the side, apparently needing a couple of kitchen items that were missing from her unit when she checked in. While I wasn't looking to hook up, she did rate a positive assessment of her nicely proportioned 5' 5" curves. While I didn't have tape measure to get an accurate measurement, I guessed she had a firm 35C rack. I also assumed she'd been using the workout room more than a few times a week, given the trim waist and firm butt. 

I was half way into the checkout process when I a voice to the side of say "I like that shirt you're wearing". Now, let me tell you, I had on a pair of nice jeans and a red plaid flannel shirt. I thought maybe she was commenting on how it would look on one of her relatives as a gift. I politely thanked her and turned to back to the checkout desk. Thirty seconds later I heard the same voice say "I like that shirt you're wearing". This time I thought she was being nice, commenting on how the flannel shirt fit on my 160lb, 5'6" solid frame. While this second time did get me thinking a little, I still had to finish the checkout process. 

Another 30 seconds went by and I heard her say "I REALLY like that shirt you're wearing". This time, I knew she was hitting on me. After 5 more seconds, the checkout was complete and I turned to her, gently took had arm and led her into the breakfast area where we could talk without being easily being overheard.

I asked her if she liked it better buttoned up or a few buttons undone. She replied she liked the shirt with a few or more unbuttoned. I told her the breakfast area was not the place to explore that option so I suggested we go back to her room to see how many buttons she preferred to be unbuttoned. 

As we walked back to her room, making tracks in the couple inches of snow that had fallen the night before, we got to know each other a little. I found out Angie's situation was a little like me, having to do a lot of traveling around the country, checking up on a large retail store's franchises. 

It didn't take long to walk the couple of hundred feet to Angie's unit. 

This particular extended stay hotel is somewhat unique. It's composed of about 8 separate buildings, with 8 units per building. I find that it's a little more 'homey', not just walking down a long hotel like hallway to get to your unit. Each unit has an outside entrance. Some are a two level suite with a king sized bed on the first floor and a queen sized bed on the upper floor. The kitchenette has a bar stool counter that serves as a food prep and eating table.

I had barely got my coat off and thrown it on the couch when Angie backed me up against the kitchenette counter and said "Now let's see how that shirt looks with few buttons undone".

I watched, as her fingers deftly unbuttoned one button at a time, seeming to assess how it looked as each button slowly made its way through the button hole. Her eyes were mostly glued to what she was doing but occasionally she'd look up into my eyes, as if to get re-assurance that I was completely on-board with what she was doing.

When she was one button away from my belt, she stopped undoing the buttons of my shirt, lifting her hands up to let her finger tips lightly graze my chest while seductively gazing into my eyes.

While her fingers were tracing across my chest, mine slowly undid the buttons on the front of her blouse. When I finished the last one, I pulled the two silky halves apart and slipped it off her shoulders, exposing a near transparent lacy bra that encased two very firm mounds.

I then unbuckled my belt and the waistband snap on my jeans, pulling the zipper part way down.

Having heard the zipper of my jeans, Angie's eyes looked down to see that the last two buttons of my shirt were now free to unbutton. When the last button was undone, Angie gently pulled the two halves of my shirt apart and leaned in to give me a kiss. Her tongue slipped into my mouth and mine into hers and for a time it seemed like a fencing match with our tongues. While all this was going on, I felt a velvet hand lightly trace across my still boxer covered, quickly hardening cock.

Breaking our kiss, Angie's head bowed and slowly kneeled before me, taking my jeans and boxers to the floor as she went. As my boxers came down, my cock sprang forth from its cloth confines, tall and proud.

Having previously been enveloped in cloth, my cock was ever so gently enveloped in Angie's fingers. Her fingernails began grazing the skin over every inch of my cock, studying my reaction to each part of her touch.

I saw her smile when she noticed a drop of pre-cum form at the opening, bending down even further to let the very tip of her tongue lap it up. That was the beginning of her oral delights.

Having lapped up the drop of pre-cum, that same tongue tip began to trace over my swelled cockhead, much like when you initially savor an ice cream cone. As her tongue advanced down, it began to circle just below where the main shaft of my cock joins the purple top. I could tell this was not her first blowjob. She knew this is one of the most sensitive places on a guy's cock and she was having my cock jump and twitch quite frequently. Every once in a while her open mouth would slide sideways down the length of my cock, while her tongue did little swirls as she went. 

Now, through the years, I'd learned to control my timing so that I wasn't shooting my load like when I was a teenager. These days, I could keep it going for as much as an hour before exploding. That was before I met Angie. Her talented mouth and tongue were making it hard to keep from firing and she'd only been at it for about 10 min. I had to concentrate on trying not to cum too soon.

On one of her up-strokes, her open lips hovered over the top of my purple head, then slowly spread her lips to envelope my cock, while at the same time, her tongue was swirling around the part of my cock that was beginning to fill her mouth. Her lips passed the ridge and kept going. By the time her mouth had encased half of my cock, I could tell she was on a mission to take it all in but she was going to take her time so my cock felt every sensation of her lips and tongue. In what seemed like forever, with a lot of hard panting on my part, her lips bottomed out at the base of my cock. I could feel my cock just begin to slide down her throat. 

Just when I thought it couldn't get any better, I felt her tongue extend out past her lips and start licking my balls while she had my entire length in her mouth and partly down her throat. I'd never seen a gal do that, let alone having enjoyed the pleasure first hand. I was panting pretty heavy now and could feel I was fast approaching the point of no return. 

Apparently, somewhere in time, Angie had learned that slow, deliberate ministrations provided a better sensation than fast sucks and deep throat. It gave me time to feel the slightest touch of her lips and tongue.

Sensing my emanate release, Angie pulled back up ALMOST to the point where my cock was almost out of her mouth, with her lips ringing the base of my cockhead, then plunged back down the entire length again. As she quickened her pace slowly, we both knew I didn't have long to go.

At the moment my release started, Angie pulled up until only half of my cock was in her mouth. I felt a strong suction from Angie's mouth and I exploded like a fire hose, filling her mouth with white hot seed. Even as my spasms started to subside, Angie was still sucking hard, milking me for every drop of the precious liquid. I've never felt so physically drained and shaky.

I was starting to go limp until I saw Angie open her mouth to show me how much she'd sucked out of me. In one gulp, she swallowed the whole amount and even licked her lips to get the small amount that had managed to sneak past my cock and her tight lips. The sight of that was enough to get my cock to firm up again.

It was time to reciprocate the pleasure but I knew it would take me a few min to have enough strength to walk and probably 5 min to recover fully enough to execute my plans to drive Angie wild. 

She was now standing, wrapped in my arms, her lips locked to mine. My arms caressed her back and at some point in the caress, my thumb and forefinger deftly undid the clasp on her bra. I don't know if she was even aware of when it happened, as she seemed to be lost in the fencing match our tongues were having.

Soon after her bra was released, my hand found the clasp and zipper of her skirt. With the clasp undone and the zipper down, Angie's skirt puddled around her ankles. I couldn't see them yet from what my hands felt, I could tell she was wearing some very sexy lacy panties.

As we separated our embrace, Angie's strapless bra dropped next to her skirt exposing a set of firm 35C mounds, topped with eraser sized hard strawberry colored nipples. Bending down, I took one in my mouth and sucked it, while brushing my tongue across the tip of her nipple. I felt her tense slightly as she moaned in response to what I was doing. 

After applying the same treatment to her other nipple, I backed her towards the bed, kneading those firm mounds, rolling her nipples between my thumb and forefinger as I went. By the time we reached the bead, her nipples were rock hard. When her calves came up against the foot of the bed, I gave a little push and she fell back onto the mattress.

Bending over to reach them, my lips locked onto her strawberry nipples, and again started sucking them barely into my mouth, then teased them with the tip of my tongue. This elicited soft moans from her even more pronounced than before, causing her eyes to start to flutter. 

Kneeling between her legs, I pulled her pussy closer to the edge and raised her legs over my shoulders. 

My nose was now just an inch above her panty covered pussy, inhaling the fragrance of her womanhood. Every time my hot breath came in contact with her pussy, it caused Angie to do a slight shudder, and that was with her panties preventing direct contact with her pussy. The material is thoroughly soaked, as her pussy has been leaking profusely ever since halfway through sucking my cock. Having a barrier between me and her soppy pussy was soon to be remedied, as my hands grasped the sides of her panties and pulled them down and over my head. With her panties removed, I beheld a neatly trimmed pussy whose lips were starting to swell with excitement. 

Now it wasn't just my breath that was making contact with her pussy, it was my tongue, delving deeply between her pussy lips. As I lapped, he juices became more copious. The more sweet nectar she produced, the more I lapped. The process accelerated until I could hardly keep up with drinking it in.

Even though I was pretty absorbed in what I was doing, it wasn't lost on me that Angie was moaning profusely and wriggling back and forth. My tongue was sawing in and out of her pussy and she was building towards an epic climax. When I sensed she was about to explode, I drove my tongue as deep into her pussy then sucked hard on her engorged clit. 

That was all it took. If I hadn't had a good hold of her, her explosive climax would have thrown her completely off the bed.

Not giving her time to recover, I continued to lick and suck her clit. Angie went from telling me "No more" to taking my head in her hands and jamming my mouth into her pussy harder.

I stood up and lined up my hard cock at her entrance and drove it into the volcano she called her pussy. He insides so wet, I had no difficulty driving my cock into her into her all the way the first time. From then on, it was in quick hard thrusts. 

Her orgasms were coming in a continuous stream of one after the other. More than once did she plead for me to stop, that she couldn't take anymore, only to change to "Don't stop", then have her pleas muffled in an orgasmic scream. She finally got relief when I physically couldn't continue to pound her pussy. With one last thrust, I drove in hard and stayed there, pumping shot after shot of cum into her. With what was happening, I don't know how she could have felt the hot jets hit her insides but she must have because at the moment of my release, her pelvic muscles clamped down on my cock like vise. 

Shortly thereafter, I collapsed on the bed beside her totally spent; both of us drifting off into blissful sleep. 

It was 2 hours later when both of us awoke, absolutely famished. When I first opened my eyes, I had an intense woody and I had thoughts of doing an immediate repeat of a couple hours ago but my stomach overrode that first thought. I'd have to recharge my body if I wanted do a repeat performance.

I let her get her shower first while I admired her naked form. My turn came for a shower and I saw her reciprocating the observations I had had made earlier. With our clothes back on, we headed for a good steakhouse down the road. 

Two sumptuous steak dinners later, along with a bottle of wine split between us, and we were back at the extended stay unit. Less than a minute after the door had closed, our clothes were scattered all over the floor and the furniture. Needless to say, it was more intense than a few hours earlier, only this time we trying numerous positions, i.e. her legs splayed wide, her legs folded onto her chest, doggie style from behind, cowgirl, reverse cowgirl, and whatever else we could think up. 

The next afternoon, I had to drive to my next assignment, so regretfully I had to leave her but not before I had Angie's contact information in my PDA. A couple of times a year our work schedule matches up to where we can spend a weekend together again. I look forward to those times.

. . . . A text from Angie:

"Will be in the same city as you this weekend. My identical twin sister Amber will be joining us. Can't wait to see you then. XOXOXO".

Looks like time to get that prescription for the little blue pills, refilled. With both Angie and Amber to satisfy this coming weekend, I was going to need them.