 'Man, it's too damn hot,' Joe thought. He was working late again. Out in the summer heat all day long. He was sweaty, hot, and tired. Ready to call it a day. He was looking forward to getting home and having a couple of beers and diving into the pool. 'Thank God it's Friday,' he thought. Maybe when he got home he would call up a few friends and plan something for tomorrow. If he was damn lucky maybe the twins would be as ready as he was for some fun. 

Joe ran his hand through his dark hair and sighed. Fat chance having the kind of fun he really wanted. He shook his head at himself and snickered. The twins were great friends, a lot of fun, and totally not into guys. One even had a girlfriend. Any guy who looked at them would be thinking the same thing though, "Hot!" But, as far as he knew, neither Amanda nor Angela had ever been with a guy. Not that it really mattered to Joe. One thing he didn't want at the moment was a serious relationship. Nope. No way. Rachel had been serious enough for 10 people, and he wasn't going there again. He hated the way things had ended, but he was sure glad they had ended. He had made it clear from day one that he just wanted some fun. No big attachments. He didn't see anything wrong with that, and she hadn't seemed to either.

She acted like she was all for it, said she just wanted a fuck buddy, someone to hang out with and have a little tumble with from time to time. Sounded good to Joe. Well, what's that old saying, "if it sounds too good to be true..." After a couple of good romps, she was thumbing through 'Brides' magazine. That was the first clue. But hey, lots of girls did that, right? Maybe it didn't mean anything. Yeah right. Next thing Joe knew, she was cleaning out drawers in his room to make room for her stuff. She didn't even ask, just started coming and going as she pleased, had a key made and everything. The straw that broke the camel's back was the jewelry circular she had left 'accidently' on the counter. Wedding rings!! No way! Not gonna happen. Joe packed her stuff and set it on the porch, and installed a dead bolt. He called her and told her to come and get it. When she did, then the water works started. Seriously, three weeks of hanging out and having a bit of fun here and there and she was picking out baby names. Good thing he was always careful. That girl had a plan. 'Sorry ma'am, not me!' Joe's stomach still got upset when he thought about it. No, he didn't need that again. He'd just hang out with his friends and have some fun. And the twins were fun.

* * *

Joe got home in record time, and hit the shower. He saw the pink lady Bic still sitting in the soap dish. He kept meaning to throw it away. But, on days like today, he got a kick out of the little reminder of the hot time he'd had in here with Rachel. He had to admit, she was good in the shower. He grabbed the soap and started washing his body with his hands. While his hands moved from his neck, to his shoulders, and then to his arms, he was thinking about her hands washing him. He began to mimic the movements he remembered. Her hands were soft, where his were a little rough. She had been gentle, where he was firm. But, as he let his mind wander, the hands were hers, running down his chest to his stomach, then around to his rib cage, and behind to the small of his back, then lower to his ass. She had spent a good deal of time on his ass. He had leaned forward and braced himself against the wall of the shower as she had move behind him. He closed his eyes and saw her in his mind. He looked back over his shoulder and watched her, as she slid her hand between his firm cheeks. She had lifted his leg and placed it on the small seat built into the wall of the shower. He got hard as he watched her. When she had his leg where she wanted it, she returned her soapy hand to his ass. As she moved her hand back and forth from his ass to his balls, Joe had wrapped his soapy hand around his hard cock. She was standing behind him, pressed against him. Her finger poised on his hole. "You like that baby?" she had asked. 

"Feels good Rach, you gonna keep knockin' on that door, or are you gonna come in?" Then she had slipped her finger inside. "Ahhh, yeah Rach, just like that." She moved her finger in and out of him as he stroked himself. "Just a little faster Rach, a little deeper." She had complied. In a few minutes he had come against the shower wall. He had still been hard and horny even after he shot his load. Joe had reached around and picked her up. She wrapped her legs around him and he sat on the seat with her wet heat all around him. He had placed his hands on her hips and urged her to bounce up and down on his throbbing cock. He had loved watching her tits bounce up and down right in front of his face. He leaned forward and took one nipple into his mouth as he continued to drive deep into her. When she started getting winded and tired from the bouncing, he had stood up and pressed her back against the wall as he pounded into her again. 

"Fuck yes, Joe, don't stop baby. Oh God, I'm gonna cum baby, fuck, I'm gonna cum baby." He felt her body squeeze around him. The pulsing gripping and easing, gripping and easing, and finally a gush of warm liquid exploded over his cock and his balls. God, he loved it when she squirted. He felt his orgasm coming, and stayed buried deep inside, feeling the warmth of his own release wash over him.

Joe opened his eyes and came back to the present. He was hard as a rock. He pumped himself a couple more times and groaned as his sperm shot from him. "Ahhh, fuck!" Damn that felt good. He finished his shower and grabbed a towel to wrap around his waist. He glanced at the Bic. Nope, not yet, some things were worth remembering. That had been one hot shower. He liked that little pink Bic.

* * *

Joe popped a top on his first beer as he waited for Amanda to answer the phone. "Hey Amanda, It's Joe. What's up?"

"Hey Joe, nothing much, just got home from work." Amanda was the quieter of the twins. Which didn't really mean she was quiet. Joe could still remember the look on her face 6 years ago when he'd asked her out. They hadn't known each other long, but it had been a very comfortable friendship. She was smart, and funny, and really hot. She had been playing guitar with a local band to fill in for their regular guitarist; she was good. Joe loved music himself, so after the band came off stage a couple of his buddies introduced them. They hung out a couple of hours that night. She invited him to a get together the next day. It was a back yard bar-b-que type of thing. Everyone brought their instruments and sat around playing music till way into the night. That's when he found out there were two of them. Angela was a bit louder than Amanda. You could tell by looking at her that she didn't take any shit. If she didn't like something you said, she'd straight up tell you. She was a real 'this is me, take it or leave it' type of person. And she didn't care which it was. She wasn't giving time to idiots. Joe had watched the two of them together. They were really close. They would finish each other's sentences, laugh at each other's jokes, even if no one else did, and it was clear to everyone around, you couldn't mess with one without the other one jumping in. They were a team. Joe liked to just watch them sometimes out of the corner of his eye. He really wanted to ask Amanda out, but she was practically joined at the hip to Angela. As the party was winding down, only a few people were lingering. Joe decided it was now or never. 

"Hey Amanda, I was wondering if you'd like to catch a movie with me on Saturday night." Amanda had looked right in his eyes, and her look of shock was mirrored on Angela's face.

"Ummmm, well, uhh Joe, you see the thing is... I mean, it's just that..."

"Quit your stammering Mandy and just tell him!" Angela said. Joe glanced at Angela and saw her roll her eyes heavenward. 

"Tell me what?"

"Well, Joe, it's like this....I ummmm, well that is to say, we, Angela and me, we're ummm..."

"Oh for Pete's sake, you just got the wrong equipment Joe that's all. I guess Mandy never told you we're both gay. Nothing against you yadda, yadda, yadda. See how easy that is Mandy. No need for you to be nervous or ashamed or embarrassed, just spit it out!"

"Well, you don't have to be so freaking rude about it! I was going to tell him."

Joe had just looked back and forth from one to the other, caught a little off guard. Then he couldn't help it, he just laughed. "Hey, I'm sorry, I just didn't realize. But, the movie offer stands, if you guys want to go let me know. No big deal, just a movie with friends."

"Well, sure, as long as you know. It'll be nice. I don't have anything going on, do you Angie?"

"Nope, sounds good to me, I'm always up for movie theater popcorn."

"Well cool, it's a non-date then." Joe had said.

They had been buddies ever since.

"Yeah, I just got home myself, about to jump in the pool. I'm thinking about taking the canoe out tomorrow, do you guys want to go? I've got the beer and some cold cuts."

"We were just trying to figure out what we were going to do tomorrow, that sounds awesome. Julie will be with us, do you mind sharing your canoe?"

"No, I don't mind, that way I can sit back and enjoy the scenery while you paddle." Joe laughed.

"Paddle my ass! I'm gonna be soaking up the sun buddy, the paddling is for you tough guy." Joe laughed again. Now, that would be a pretty picture. 

"Hey, just remember, you're the one who told me to paddle your ass, and I always try to do what I'm told."

Amanda laughed on the other end of the phone, "In your dreams buddy, in your dreams!"

'Girl, if you only knew.' Joe didn't say it out loud, but he was sure thinking it.

"Ok, what time do you want to meet up?"

"Why don't we meet after lunch, we can leave a car down by the lake, then head up river to put in. Once we reach the lake we can hang out at the beach."

"Sounds like a plan, I'll meet you around 1:30 by the docks, and we'll leave my car there. You guys have a life jacket for Julie?"

"Yep, we got it. See you tomorrow."

"Cool, good night." 

Canoe trip



Joe was up early the next morning as always. He wanted to get the house cleaned up, and get a load of laundry done before he started packing up the car. He wasn't exactly a neat freak, but he liked things clean and organized. 

Coffee first, then the chores. He sat down with his cup of coffee and his laptop. He went through his email which was full of junk. Nothing important there. He caught up on the local news, and took a look at the weather. It was going to be a gorgeous day. He couldn't wait to get on the water.

Time flew by as he worked to get everything done, and then pack up the car. He brought a pop up tent, just in case they decided to stay on the beach over night. He had his cooler packed full of water, cold cuts, and of course the beer. A duffel bag with extra clothes, sun screen, and bug spray, and all the basics any former boy scout would carry. That pretty much filled up his little Honda. He strapped the canoe on the roof, and he was ready.

It was just a short drive to the lake, and in about 15 minutes Joe was in the parking lot waiting for the girls. He got his pack out and put several bottles of cold water in it. Then he unstrapped the canoe and grabbed a few necessities from the duffle bag. His life vest was tied up in the canoe. Just a couple minutes later the rest of the crew arrived. Joe groaned inwardly when he saw all three girls were wearing bikinis. He was wearing swim shorts, and it was going to be very difficult to hide a hard on.

As the girls got out to assist Joe with the canoe and other supplies, he covertly took in the sight. How does a man get so lucky as to be spending the day with three hot curvy women all to himself? And yet, so unlucky that not one of the three gives a shit about a cock. Good God, can you give a guy a break here?

"Hey Joe, did you bring sunscreen?" Amanda asked as bounced toward him. Joe's eyes locked onto the bouncing just a tad bit too long. Amanda snapped her fingers in front of his face and said, "Earth to Joe! Where's the sunscreen?" Joe cleared his throat and turned to get the sunscreen. He bent down to unzip the pack and retrieve it. He turned around just a little too quick. He was just in time to see Amanda checking out his ass. What the hell? Joe wasn't complaining, but that was damn confusing. Amanda's eyes darted to his then away as she grabbed the sunscreen. 

"Did I sit in somethin?" Joe turned his head trying to look at his own ass, making a big show of his confusion. "I got somethin' on my ass Amanda?"

"Same damn somethin' that was on my tits I guess." Amanda grumbled. "Here do something useful and get my back." Amanda handed Joe the sunscreen and presented her back to him. Joe took the sunscreen and admired the view for a moment. He was about to pour some into his hand when he glanced up and saw Angela backing Julie up against the car, kissing her. He'd seen them kiss before, but holy hell they were really going at it. Joe looked around to see how many people were around watching, but they were alone in the parking lot. Angela was taking full advantage....the girl was not shy. Joe kept watching as he poured the lotion into his hand. He rubbed his hands together to warm the liquid just a bit before rubbing it into Amanda's shoulders. That's when the moaning started. Julie was holding Angela's head between her hands as she arched toward her and kissed her hard on the mouth. Joe watched as her tongue flicked out and licked Angela's lips as she switched sides. Angela was squeezing Julie's ass pulling her close and grinding her body into her. With his eyes still on the show, Joe moved his hands down Amanda's back. Angela moved one of her hands up between her and Julie and skimmed her fingers over Julie's nipple. 

"Shit," Joe whispered.

"What?" Amanda had been looking down at the ground holding her hair out of the way to make it easier for Joe, but now she looked up and saw her sister, "Get a room you two!" "Can you finish now, Joe?" Joe was just hoping not to finish right there in his shorts. Damn that was hot. He had been about ready to pull up a chair and make use of his pocket. This was going to be a long day.

"Alright let's get goin."

* * *

The spot they had picked out to start was several miles from the beach they planned on finishing at. But, it was down river, so the current was with them. It was the nicest day they had had for weeks. Everyone got their life jackets on and brought the canoes to the water. Joe and Amanda were in his, while Julie and Angie were in Angie's. They pushed off into the water and everyone settled in. Joe was really liking the view. He stretched out behind Amanda and put his hands behind his head and just watched. He was wondering how long it would take for Amanda to realize she was the only one paddling. Probably not too long. He closed his eyes and lifted his face to the sun. This was what made all the work worth it.

All of a sudden he was hit on his bare thigh with a wet oar. "Hey, I was just relaxing, what did you do that for?"

"Bee." Amanda said. 

Joe laughed, "Alright, I'll row." He picked up his oar and skimmed it in the water, then flicked her with a paddle full of cold river water. 

"OHHH, damnit Joe that's cold."

"Oops, sorry bout that." That's how the day went. Back and forth between them one trying to out do the other. It was fun to just relax and cut up together. He'd never be able to think of her or Angie as sisters, but they would always be great friends.

It seemed like the day just breezed by. Before they knew it they were back at the beach. Everyone jumped out and pulled in the canoes till they were safely grounded in the sand. Joe went up to his car and brought back the cooler. Cold cuts never sounded so good. He was hungry. The girls had brought along some towels and some fold up canvas chairs. He grabbed a beer and a sandwich and sat down in one of the chairs next to the cooler. By the time everyone had eaten and kicked back to relax, it was almost getting dark.

"I think we should build a fire and turn on some music." Angela said. So that's what they did. Everyone scooted in close to the fire. 

For the next hour they sat and talked, and told stories about their childhood. The beer cans were stacking up, and the girls were getting giggly. They were laughing about everything, and getting a little wobbly. Angie and Julie were setting up the two tents they had brought so no one would have to drive home. Joe was still kicked back drinking beer, and he was starting to feel it too. He leaned his head back and watched the stars, lulled to sleep by the soft noises of the night. He woke with a jump when Amanda kicked his feet. 

"They've turned in. I think I'll wait out here for while and give them some privacy."

"Good idea, I'm sure they'd appreciate that." Joe laughed, thinking he'd like to be a fly on the wall. Amanda laughed too. 

"I'm glad for them, they are really happy together."

"Yeah, me too." Joe laughed again, but he wasn't even sure why. A definite sign of too many beers. Amanda sat next to him and turned around to face him.

"I have something I need to talk to you about."

"All right shoot."

* * *

Joe leaned back again and closed his eyes as Amanda began to speak. "Joe, we've been friends for quite a while, now."

"Yep, we have."

"I think we know each other pretty well, don't you?" Amanda's voice was soft and soothing, and Joe started to get drowsy.

"Mmmhummm."

"You're the only guy I know, that I can really trust and.........."

Joe was hearing the soft buzz of her voice but, wasn't really hearing her words. 

He thought it was his turn to speak so he threw in a "sure Mandy." His voice was soft, barely a whisper, another few minutes and he was gonna be out for the night.

All of a sudden Mandy was in his lap hugging him, and telling him, "Thanks Joe, I knew I could count on you. Everything will be fine, we'll make sure not to let this do anything to ruin our friendship. I promise you, I won't regret this. I just have to know what it's like that's all." Then she kissed him.

"Whoa, wait a minute, hold on, what's going on? What did you just say? What, what's like?" Joe was struggling to sit up with Mandy still sitting in his lap. He was trying to figure out the answers to his own questions, but he just didn't know what in the world she was talking about.

"Mandy, what did you say? I'm sorry, I think I dozed off. Did you say something about Fig Newtons?"

"Oh my gosh Joe, of all the times for you to go to sleep. I did not say anything about Fig Newtons. It was hard enough to ask the first time. I can't ask again." Mandy crossed her arms across her chest and stuck out her bottom lip, and pouted.

"Ask me what? You know you can ask me anything. Wait a minute...,did you just kiss me?"

"So what if I did. You just said sure. I was just trying to get things started that's all."

Joe wasn't sure what he was feeling at that moment, the pieces were fitting together in a strange way, and he really needed to know exactly what she wanted. "Mandy," he said as he walked toward her, "did you just ask me to have sex with you?"

"Yes, Joe, I did. And you slept through it." She was still pouting.

"Wow, Mandy, what's going on? What's this about?"

Joe reached for her and pulled her close, and just held her. "Please tell me again what you want."

"I trust you Joe, you know that. I just want to know how it feels to be with a man. I don't want any games, no weird feelings later. Just sex that's all. With you." Joe was already getting hard. He'd love to have sex with Mandy, but would it change things for them?

"You're sure Mandy? You've thought about this?"
