 I had known Shannon for a while now, and I had always been attracted to her. I've thought about her many times in my late night activities, and while I was at work, or just out of the blue. But this sexual tension had been growing and growing inside me with every passing day and I wasn't sure how much longer I could take it.

I hadn't had sex in a while, and I was hungry for some sexual release, and in a big way. Sure, I would pleasure myself to the thought of her, but that wasn't enough. I needed to feel her warm body next to mine, her breasts pressed against my chest, and her moist pussy between her legs, wanting, and waiting to be touched...

I had been thinking for a while that I should ask her to dinner or to a movie, or just something so that I could be around her for a little while.

One day, I get a call from my buddy Shawn.

"Yo, Tyson! Guess what I just found out! My parents have a cabin up in the mountains, and they said that we could use it for the weekend! You should totally come and chill up there with us man! Katie and I are going up there and you should join us!" He sounded pretty excited about it.

"Okay, yeah, that sounds like a good time!" I said back without putting much thought into it. It would feel good to get out of suburbia and just enjoy the fresh mountain air and hang out.

"Sweet, we're going to be heading up Thursday night and staying 'till Sunday night."

"Sounds good to me, I'll be there." I said back to him.

"Alright man, see you then!" He hung up. And so I hung up as well.

Well, that should be fun I thought to myself. I didnt' even think of the fact that I would be one hell of a third wheel if it was just me and Shawn and Katie, because I knew they would be all over each other the whole time.

Maybe this could be the perfect chance to ask Shannon to come along, I thought to myself again.

I flipped out my phone and sent a quick text to her, "Hey, this is a little out of the blue, but my buddy Shawn just called me and said that he had his parents cabin up in the woods for the weekend, and I was just seeing if maybe you wanted to tag along? If not, no worries, not a big deal."

It felt really weird to ask her such a thing, but at this point I really didn't care. I think my dick was doing most of the thinking at this point.

About 10 minutes later, I got a response back from Shannon.

"Sure, that sounds fun. Who all is going?"

"Right now, it's just me and my buddy Shawn and his girlfriend Katie." I replied.

"Oh, so it would be just you and I and them?" She asked.

"Yeah, I thought it sounded a little weird to ask you to do something like that, but you're the first person I thought of, so I thought I'd ask just to see my chances."

God it felt so awkward. I didn't know what her response would be. My heart started pounding in my chest, and I could feel my cock actually start to stir in my pants thinking about having her up in a cabin in the mountains... My mind started to drift, when I felt my phone vibrate.

VVVVVVVVVVVVVVV

Shit, I jerked my head forward and realized that I started daydreaming. I looked at my phone at Shannon's reply.

"I think that sounds fun, I should be able to do that. ;)"

I felt my cock stir in my pants again. I quickly sent a reply.

"Really?! That would be awesome, it would be great to have you there... hehe. ;)"

"It would be great to be there on you too. ;)"

I had to read it a couple of times to make sure that I read the message right.

"On me eh?" I replied.

"What?" Was all that I got back from her.

I was so confused by surprisingly turned on at the same time. I don't think that message was an accident. At least I was hoping that it wasn't.

"Okay... haha. Well, we're leaving on Thursday night and coming back Sunday night if that's okay with you?"

"Yeah, that sounds good." She replied.

I couldn't believe that she was actually going to come! I was so excited!

The rest of the week dragged by so slow, it was painful. I couldn't wait to see her and to get up to the cabin.

FINALLY Thursday rolls around and I'm more excited than I have been for anything in a long time.

I had all of my stuff packed and ready to go, and I thought that Shannon might need some help, so I pulled out my phone and sent her a text.

"Hey, just seeing if you needed any help getting your stuff over here?"

"Sure, that would be great." She said back.

"Okay, I'll be over there in a few."

I kept feeling myself getting hard in the drive over to her house, and started to play with myself a little bit through my pants... it felt so good. Thinking of her big breasts and her hard nipples... I just wanted to nibble on them. I thought of her tight, wet little pussy and how much I wanted to suck on it and taste her sweet juices...

HOOOOOOONK

Shit, I looked up and saw that I was veering into another lane. I grabbed the steering wheel and jerked my car back into my lane. The rest of the drive was hell. My cock was so hard now in my pants, I was trying to do everything I could to calm down before I got to her house.

About 10 minutes later, I pull up to her house, my cock was still a little bit hard, but I tried my best to hide it when I got out of the car.

I knocked on the door, and a few seconds later, she answered.

I was shocked. She was standing there in a tight white tank top, clearly showing off quite a bit of cleavage, and some very short, tight scandalous shorts. They looked like workout shorts. Her hair was pulled up in a pony tail and she was wearing her glasses.

This was NOT helping my cock get any softer, I actually felt it twitch when I saw her. Jesus christ... I thought as soon as I saw her standing there. I couldn't help but stare.

"You wanna come in? Or are you going to stand out there?" She asked in a playful sort of voice.

"Oh sorry, yeah."

I walked into her house and shut the door behind me.

She reached out and walked towards me and wrapped her arms up around my neck.

"It's good to see you!" She said as she hugged me tight.

"It's good to see you too!" I said trying to pull my hips away so she wouldn't feel my hard cock in my pants, but I wasn't so sure that I was doing a good job of it.

"Woah!" She pulled away and immediately looked down at my pants and saw my now raging hard on.

"Oh my god, I'm so sorry!" I said, extremely embarrassed.

I started to turn away from her covering my cock with my hands.

She grabbed me by the arm and turned me back around.

"Wait a minute... What do you have there?" She said very seductively.

"Uhhh... " was all that I could muster.

She took a step towards me with her eyes on mine and slid her hand over my hard cock in my pants. My cock twitched as she touched it and I was extremely put off, and started to pull away by instinct. She grabbed me and pulled me closer to her.

"Is that for me?" She whispered as she leaned her head in close to me.

"Ummmm... do you want it to be?" I asked very nervously.

Without saying a word, she leaned in close to me and kissed me hard on the lips and her hand took a tight grip on my cock through my pants, making it flex hard in her hand.

"Ohhhh! You're so hard Tyson!" She said in a moan, breathing hard in my ear.

And without warning, she started undoing my belt and before I knew it my pants were on the floor, and she was on her knees. My hard shaft right in front of her face.

"You want to put that hard cock in my mouth baby?" she said looking up at me.

"Oh god. Yes, Shannon, I want that cock in your mouth so bad!" I said. I could see her breasts pushing against her tank top from above, it was turning me on even more.

She leaned her head in close to my cock and licked just the tip and planted little kisses down the shaft, and kissed my balls. The feeling was exhilarating. She worked her way back up to my head and sucked on it a little bit, and then took a little bit of me into her mouth.

"Oh god...." I said as I let out a deep sigh and leaned my head back. Putting my hand on the back of her head and holding onto her hair.

She took me in another inch or two, then three, pulled off, licked my head again and slid my cock back into her mouth. Four inches now, five inches... I couldn't even think about anything else, all I could think about was how amazing her warm mouth felt against my throbbing cock. Sliding in and out. Tight... Hard...

Then she grabbed my thighs and pulled herself towards me with me thick in her mouth and I felt my cock slide allll the way into her mouth, and my head hit the back of her throat.

"Ohhhh fuck Shannon..." I moaned out loudly. My grip on her hair a lot tighter now giving me a little more control of her head on my cock.

I started to thrust a little bit into her mouth as she kept sucking soft and slow. I could feel her teeth just slightly graze my shaft every now and then and it felt surprisingly good.

She kept bobbing her head and and off of my thick shaft, while stroking it with her hand as her head came up to the tip, twisting and gripping it hard. The combination was exhilarating. I didn't know how much longer I would last in her mouth if she kept this up.

I started to feel my body tense up. My heart was racing, my breathing had sped up quite a bit, and I could feel my orgasm building in me, from deep in my core. I felt my balls tighten and my toes curl and I knew it was coming.

"Oh fuck Shannon, don't stop. I'm going to cum!"

Without stopping, and with my shaft still thick in her mouth, she looked up at me and just moaned, "Mmhmmm."

That just put me over the edge and my grip on her hair tightened even more and my head jerked back and I felt my cum explode from my balls into her mouth, shot after shot I sprayed my hot load into her mouth. She pulled me out of her mouth, and another spurt shot and hit her chest and started to run down her gorgeous breasts, and one last shot, came out and landed on her face.

"Holy fuck Shannon... that was incredible." I said as I leaned back against the wall, my breath heavy.

"Mmmmm, I love the taste of your cum." She said as she stood up and leaned forward and kissed me softly on the lips. I could taste my cum on her lips and I loved it.

"Well, we should probably get going, yeah?" She said as she turned and walked down the hall to her bedroom. I had completely forgotten about the trip and realized that we were cutting it close to the time we had to leave.

"Oh yeah!" I said, walking after her.

She went into the bathroom and called out to me, "I'm just going to clean up real quick and we can head out okay?"

"Okay, that sounds good." I replied.

I still couldn't believe what had just happened. It was almost surreal. I wasn't sure if I was dreaming or what, but if it was a dream, I sure as hell didn't want it to end. It happened so fast that I didn't really have time to think about it, but I didn't regret one minute of it. I wanted more.

I followed her back to her bedroom, "do you need help getting anything ready?" I asked.

"I don't think so, I think I got everything, thanks though." She replied.

"Okay." I said back.

A few minutes later, she came out of the bathroom. Her hair was down now, and she had on a nice, low cut yellow v-neck shirt and some black capris. It was very cute.

"Ready to go?" I asked.

"Sure am, let's hit the road!" She replied. She sounded very enthusiastic and I liked it. We grabbed her bags and started out to the car. As we were walking down the hall, she was walking in front of me and I couldn't help but stare at her perfect, round ass. And I wasn't sure about it, but I reached my free hand out and gave her a nice, firm smack on the ass right before we walked out the door.

"Oh!!" She yelped, as she looked back at me and winked. It almost seemed like she was sticking her ass out as if she wanted more, but then she turned around and kept walking. She locked her front door and we walked out to the car and put her stuff in the back and hopped in.

The first couple of minutes in the car were pretty awkward considering I was scared to even do anything with/to Shannon and now, not 20 minutes ago, she gave me the best blowjob on my life. And I smacked her ass without even thinking. Maybe there was something there?

A couple of minutes went by and I started to gain my courage and put my hand on her thigh in a friendly sort of way, "I'm really glad that you decided to come along, it's going to be a blast!" My voice was a little shaky and I'm not sure that she could tell, but I hoped not.

"I'm really glad too." She said looking over at me. I looked back over at her, and I felt her hand slide on top of my hand and I felt her start sliding my hand up her thigh. I looked down at her hand as it was covering mine and looked back up at her and smiled.

She slid it further and further up her thigh until it was just inches from her pussy...

"A-are you sure?" I asked.

"You think I was just going to suck your cock and not get anything in return?" She said with a twisted smile on her face. God this was turning me on. I was trying so hard to keep my eyes on the road.

She leaned her seat back and slid down in it, her hand still on mine. She lifted her shirt up to just under her breasts. I could see her nipples getting hard through her shirt, and I was pretty sure she wasn't wearing a bra. I slid my hand across her stomach. Her skin was so soft and warm...

Then she slid her hand down to the top of her pants and started to undo the button and slowly folded them down just a little bit. Just enough to see her yellow panties... I could see that they were already wet from her warm pussy...

She grabbed my hand again and slowly slid it towards her panties and slid the tips of my fingers just underneath them at the top... then slowly down further.. I started to slide them down myself now closer and closer to her wet, wanting pussy. I could feel her soaked panties against my hand and I couldn't wait any longer and slid my hand all the way down and onto her dripping, tight pussy. 

"Ohhhh yesssss...." She moaned as she leaned her head back, arching her back a little, lifting her breasts higher, pushing her hard nipples against her shirt even more so.

I started to rub her soaking wet pussy up and down very slowly... sliding my finger in between her lips, then up to her clit, then all the way down to her tight opening. She was moaning even more and louder now. It was turning me on even more and I could feel my cock really starting to push against my jeans.

I started to rub her pussy in little circles, from her small opening and up to her clit, making sure to stop there and rub a little faster, and then back down across her lips. She was so wet.. So sexy.

She ran her hands up her stomach and cupped her breasts and squeezed them a little bit and pinched her hard nipples through her shirt. Her hips were gyrating against my hand as I rubbed her pussy. God it was hot.

I started to rub her a little faster now and I could tell she liked it, as she started writhing in her seat and moaning loud. She started to thrust her hips every time I got to her tight opening with my fingers and I could tell that she wanted my finger inside her.

"You want those fingers inside that tight pussy baby? You want me to finger fuck you?"

"Oh god. Yes, Tyson. Stick those fingers in my tight pussy, I want to feel you inside me so bad..." She was moaning so loud now and it was turning me on like never before. I undid my pants just so that my cock had some freedom, it was starting to hurt having it push up against my jeans. She noticed that I had done this and I watched as she brought her hand to her mouth and she licked her fingers and then reached over and grabbed my hard shaft and started to rub it slowly, but her grip was firm.

"Oh fuck... That feels good Shannon..." I said in a moan.

"Oh baby, don't stop rubbing my pussy baby... please keep rubbing my pussy!" It sounded like she was screaming at me, and I loved it.

I ran my fingers across her wet pussy one last time and then slid my middle finger to her opening and slowly slid it inside her until I heard her moan and her body twist at the pleasure, and then pulled it back out.

She twisted and thrust her hips forward toward my hand.

"Oh baby, put it back in... I love your fingers deep in my tight pussy. Please finger fuck me baby..." She reached her hand down and started to rub her pussy but I smacked it away.

"Uh uh, that's my job." I said in kind of a forceful tone.

"Mmmmmmm" she moaned. I could tell she liked it when I took control. I slid my hand back to her opening and this time I didn't waste any time and slid my finger all the way into her tight pussy and even pushed a little bit harder when it was all the way inside her. She started to thrust her hips and so I slid my finger almost all the way back out and when I started to slide back into her, she thrust her hips back down to meet my hand.

"Oh yeah baby, fuck my finger." I said as I kept thrusting my finger deep into her tight, dripping pussy. It felt so good to have my finger inside her. I was having such a hard time keeping my eyes on the road. All I wanted to do was watch my finger slide in and out of her tight pussy, and the fact that she was rubbing my raging shaft didn't help either. It almost felt like I was going to cum again right there.

Then I slowly pulled my finger back out of her dripping pussy and slid it into her mouth... She sucked all of her sweet juices off of my finger, then I slid two fingers into my mouth and got them nice and wet and moved my hand back down to meet her wanting pussy, and slid my two fingers deep into her. God her pussy was so tight. I felt her clamp onto my fingers and she moaned even louder now.

"Ohhhhh!! Fuck me with those fingers Tyson, fuck me good! They feel so good deep in my pussy!"

She started to thrust her hips a little harder now on my fingers. And I started to slide my fingers into her harder now. I could hear her pussy as I slid my fingers into her hard and god it was hot. My hand started to slap against her pussy I was thrusting my fingers so hard. She was thrusting even harder now too to meet my fingers.

"Oh fuck Tyson! Don't stop! I'm going to cum!" She was screaming now. Her hand stopped rubbing my cock, but she didn't let go as her hand clamped onto me hard and I knew that she was going to cum. I kept fucking her hard with my hand, slapping against her soaking pussy with her hips thrusting into my hand. Her other hand cupping her breast hard as her back arched.

I could feel her pussy clamp so hard onto my fingers that I had to push even harder to hold them inside her as she came.

I pulled my fingers out of her pussy, they were soaked with her sweet juices and I brought them to my mouth and sucked them off and smiled at her.

"Oh fuck Tyson... You're good." She said, her breath heavy.

"So are you babe." I smiled back at her.

She looked down at my cock in her hand, "God, you're still so hard baby!" She squeezed it a little bit in her hand and stroked it softly.

"You want me to rub you till you cum baby?" She looked at me with those seductive eyes.

"I do, but I want to save some of my cum for your pussy baby." I said back to her as I looked right into her eyes.

"Oh Tyson!" She yelped.

"Do you want me to fuck you Shannon? Do you want this cock deep inside you?" I asked.

"Oh yes! Yes Tyson!! I want your hard cock deep inside me!" She was almost moaning again.

"We'll have to do something about that when we get to the cabin then." I said in a low voice. "You should get some rest for now though, you're going to need it." I winked at her, as I slid my hand across her pussy one last time, making her jump and bite her lip with pleasure.

Then she laid down on her seat, and within minutes, she was fast asleep. I kept looking over at her while she was sleeping, at her sexy body, her nice tight little ass, her big breasts, and I kept imagining what it would feel like to have my cock buried in her tight pussy... Sliding in and out, in and out... So warm and wet. My cock was twitching yet again in my pants.
