 I was too pick Mandy up at 5:30. All I told her was to have a bag ready for the weekend, and to be dressed up. I pulled in wearing a pair of khakis, a blue dress shirt and a brown vest. It was an outfit that I knew Mandy liked and thought I looked good in. I went up to the door and rang the doorbell. I was excited to see her, and wasn't sure what she would be wearing. I was shocked when she answered the door. She was wearing a long black shirt and a teal blouse that was unbuttoned part way down, and it really showed off her cleavage. She looked incredible, and I was so excited for the night to begin. I handed her a single rose and told her she looked beautiful. She smiled and said, "What do you have planned for this weekend?"

"Don't worry about it. Trust me, you will enjoy everything about this weekend," I said.

"I don't doubt that I won't enjoy it, I just want to know what you have planned," she said with a smile on her face.

I grabbed her suitcase and took it out to the car, and we got in and went off to the restaurant. On our way we chatted about our days, and how things were going at work. I could tell she was excited, because she kept talking and fighting. We arrived at the restaurant, and sat down to eat. We had a very enjoyable meal, and I asked her if she was ready to go? "I have been ready all night," was her response.

We arrived at the hotel and went straight to the room. I had already checked in that afternoon, that way everything would be ready. I opened the door and she walked in. The hotel had two rooms, a living room, and a bedroom. In the bedroom, it had a jacuzzi and a huge shower. I had rose pedals leading from the door to the bed. I closed the door, and Mandy grabbed me and kissed me. We stood there at the door and kissed for what seemed like an eternity. She pulled away from me and said, "Let me go to the bathroom and freshen up, why don't you meet me on the bed. You don't need these clothes either."

I took my clothes off so fast and laid on the bed in just my boxer briefs. When she opened the door from the bathroom, I about came right there. She was wearing a sexy lace bra that could hardly contain her huge breasts, and a pair of sexy lace panties. She also had on black lace stockings. She walked over to the bed, I started to say something, and she put her finger on my lips, and said, "Just lay back and enjoy."

Mandy climbed on top of me, and we kissed for a long time. I put my hands on her face, and moved them down to her ass. We rolled over a couple of times; I would lay on her, and vice versa. She ended up back on top of me, and started to kiss my neck, and moved her way down to my nipples. She would lick and suck on my nipples. I was extremely turned on, and just lost in the moment. She kissed her way down my stomach and made it too the top of my boxers. She leaned in and rubbed her face on my crotch, and I felt like I could cum right there. She then put her fingers in my waistband and lifted it up and started to pull my boxers down. I lifted my ass up and she pulled my boxers off. She looked me right in the eye, and smiled. Then she wrapped her mouth around my dick, as she was still staring at me. I closed my eyes, and layed my head back, she started to suck my dick, and with her off hand, started to fondle my balls. She pulled her mouth off, and started to stroke my cock, and then suck on my balls. She went back to sucking my cock, and started to pick up speed. I looked at her and said, "If you keep going, I am going to cum."

She pulled off and said, "Then do what you have to do, but don't worry about me, I am ready to suck you dry!"

That was all it took, she went back to sucking me and within 2 minutes I came and she swallowed it all, and kept sucking until I was done. And even when I was done, she continued to suck my and fondle my balls. I was going insane, but it felt incredible. When she was done, she climbed back on top of me and kissed me. I could taste myself on her mouth, but that didn't stop me. I flipped her over on her back and continued to kiss her. I reached down and took one of her breasts in my hand and squeezed. I kissed down her neck and kissed down to her chest. I moved right past her tits and started to kiss her stomach and made my way down to her crotch. With her panties on I rubbed my face against her crotch and felt her rub back. I moved back up to her tits, and removed her bra, her tits bounced out of the bra. I suck on each tit, and nipple, taking my time, and really enjoying. I also knew that the longer I took, the more excited it would make Mandy. As I sucked on her tits, she squirmed every which way. I made my way down and kiss all over her thighs and stomach. I then took off her panties, and started to kiss her pussy. I spread her pussy open and started to lick her everywhere. I felt her hands move to my head and start to push my head down to her pussy. "Oh God Troy, don't stop, it feels so good. I want to cum so bad, please make me cum, please."

I started to lick her pussy faster and faster, and it just made her moan more and more, until she let out a scream, and her whole body lifted up off the bed and she yelled, "I'M CUMMING!!!! FUCK, DON"T STOP!!!"

Her orgasm seemed like it lasted for 20 minutes, and when she was done, she pulled me up and started to kiss me. She was on top of me and really kissing me passionately. Her hands were all over my head and she was running her hand through my hair. She pulled her head away from me and said, "FUCK ME RIGHT NOW!!!"

"How do you want it?"

"I want it deep and hard, so fuck me from behind, and fuck me hard."

I felt her hand go down and start to stroke me cock, it was already pretty hard, but once she said this, it really sprang to life. Mandy got on all fours, and turned to me and said, "Remember I want it hard."

I put my cock up to her pussy, and slid it in. She was extremely wet, so it went right in. I grabbed both of her hips and started to pound away. I was really fucking her hard, and I could tell that she was enjoying it, because she kept saying, "Yeah that is it, fuck me harder. Oh God that feels good. Yes, fuck my pussy, yes!!"

"I am going to cum, where do you want me to cum?"

"Cum on my tits baby, cum all over my tits."

And she flipped over and I stuck my dick between her tits. She pressed them together and I started titty fuck her. It didn't take long for me to cum and it shot all over her tits, and even some shot up to her face, which she licked off. Mandy then rubbed the cum all over her tits, and we just laid there, both breathing extremely hard and fast. We laid there for about 20 minutes. I suggested that we take a shower and order some room service. We got up and showered together, making sure we rubbed and scrubbed each other all over our bodies. Once we got all lathered up, we stood in the shower and rubbed against each and other and just kissed. We got out and dried each other off and ordered room service. We also decided to order a movie, and just kind of relax.

When the movie was over we decided to order a porno. There were about 6 or 7 to choose from and you told me just to pick one. I don't even remember what the name of it was, but it started out with a guy and a girl having sex. She started out by giving him a blow-job, and the he went down on her. They had sex in many different positions; I then felt a hand on my crotch, as Mandy started to rub my dick. "Why don't we get naked?"

"Sounds good to me."

And I started to undress. We weren't wearing much so didn't it didn't take long. The next scene was starting and it was two women. One was blonde, and the other was brunette. They both had great bodies, and big tits. I noticed that Mandy was stroking my cock, and playing with her pussy. Watching the two girls make out was very exciting. Mandy leaned in and whispered to me "I wish that was me with one of those girls."

"Oh yeah, which one?"

"I like them both, but I would probably take the brunette."

"What would you like to do?"

We had completely stopped watching the movie, and were totally engrossed into each other. Mandy had stopped stroking my cock, and started to really concentrate on herself. I rubbed her left tit, and just listened to what she had to say.

"I would first like to kiss her. Her skin would be soft and smooth. I would reach down and squeeze her huge tits, while kissing her. I feel her hand reach around and squeeze my ass, and the other cup my right breast. We lay down on the bed and she gets on top of me, and starts to kiss me again. She kisses her way down my body. Stopping at my neck and then again at my tits. The way she kisses me and touches me, it is like nothing I have ever felt. She caresses and sucks on my tits. You are sitting in the corner just watching. She works her way down from my chest to my stomach, and then to my pussy. She kisses her way around my crotch to my thighs, and licks on my legs. Then she goes in and starts licking my pussy. She knows exactly how to touch me, and kiss me. It doesn't take long for me to cum, and when I do, I just explode."

As Mandy is telling me this, she is rubbing her pussy and moaning. I can tell she is ready to cum, but wants to take her time. 

"What happens next?"

Breathing heavy, and slightly moaning, Mandy goes on with her story, "She keeps licking my pussy until I am done cumming. When I am done, she climbs back on top of me and kisses me. We roll over so I am on top of her, and start to kiss her again. I start to kiss my way down her, and stop at her tits. They were so big and firm. I look over at you, and see that you are naked, stroking you dick. I smile at you, and you smile back. I continue to kiss my way down her stomach. I am very nervous at this point, I have never touched a girl's pussy, let alone kissed it, but I continue on. I slowly kiss around her pussy, and her inner thighs. I open her pussy and start to lick up and down. It is like nothing I have ever done before, I loved it. I looked back at you and stuck my ass up in the air and kind of shook it. You got up and came over. I went back to licking her pussy. The girl saw you getting up, and motioned for you to come to her. She took your dick in her mouth and started to give you a blow-job. I kept licking her pussy, and started to lick it faster. I felt her hand on my head, and push me down into her pussy harder. She then wrapped her legs around my head, and I could she was going to cum. She pulled off of your dick, and started to really scream, telling me not to stop and that she was going to cum. She then came hard, and let out a loud moan, "OHHHHHHH" After she was done, I moved back on top of her, and we both started to suck your dick. She laid on her back with her head on the edge of the bed, and you straddled her. She suck your balls, while I sucked your dick. I saw her reach around and grab your ass. I was sucking hard, and wanted you to cum all over us. You looked at me and said that you were going to cum, and both us girls kneeled in front of you and watched as you started to jack yourself off, and cum on us."

As Mandy said that she started to cum. After she was done cumming we laid on the bed, and started to kiss. I started to kiss your neck, and then brought your fingers up to my mouth and started to suck on them. That really got you going. I felt you hand start to stroke my cock. You climbed on top of me and I slid my dick into you. You sat up straight and started to ride me. Then you leaned forward and I sucked on your tits. You leaned in and sucked on one with me. I asked you, "Do you want your own tit to suck on?"

"Yes."

As you said that you kept sucking on your tit. I felt you really start to move on top of me. You looked at me, and kissed me again. You started to hump me harder and harder. I could tell that you were enjoying yourself. I just sat back and enjoyed what you were doing to me. You leaned in and said, "I want you deeper. Fuck me from behind."

You got off of me, and laid on your side with your back to me. I got behind you and stuck my dick in you. I started to fuck you hard. You leaned forward, and started to play with my balls, and ass. I reached down and started to finger your ass. You have never been into this, but seemed to like it. You moved your ass into me, like you wanted me to go deeper. I reached down, and got me finger wet with your juices, and stuck my finger deeper into you. I saw you sucking on your tit. Then you said, "Oh yeah, that feels good baby."

That was all it took, and I came inside you. We laid back for a little while. Then you leaned into me and said "Are you ready for the next round?"

"What does that mean?"

"It means I am ready for you to fuck me again."

"I may need some help."

"Don't worry about that. See if this helps you."

Mandy leaned down and started to suck my dick. Knowing that I had just fucked her, and her sucking me, I got hard real fast. Once I got hard, she turned over and got on all fours, and said, "Fuck my ass."

"Really?"

"Yes, I want you to cum in all of my holes tonight. You came in my mouth, on my tits, and in my pussy. Now I want you to cum in my ass. Do you think you can do that?"

I slowly slid my dick in her ass, going in inch by inch, letting her take it in. Once I was in, I started to move slowly in and out of her. Once she was relaxed, and ready for more, she turned to me and said, "Fuck me hard now. Fill my ass up with your cum."

I grabbed her hips and started to really fuck her. Her ass was so tight, and felt so good. I think she liked it too, she started moaning. I felt her hand, she was fingering her pussy while I fucked her. I told her I was going to cum, and she said, "Yeah baby, fill my ass up."

When she said that I came in her ass and just collapsed on top of her. When my dick softened up, I pulled out. We just laid there, didn't say a word. We ended up falling asleep, and was done for the night.