 Our time at the conference was wrapping up. We had one night left before heading back home in the morning. Jessica and I spent every night together and honestly, I was the happiest I've been in a long time. It really got me thinking about my life and my relationship with my wife. I wanted to live the life I was experiencing this week and I dreaded going back to her. 

We talked a lot about our situations back home, neither were great. We were both going through the motions and really didn't know how to get out of either relationship. There was nothing like lying on the bed next to Jessica and talking. It was so easy and comfortable. God, I miss simple things like that.

We finished up our conferences for the week and it was time to celebrate before going back to the real world. Jessica and I played the role of boss and employee and joined the others for dinner. We went to a club afterward to let off some steam. I bought drinks for everyone. The music was loud and bodies were close. There were people dancing, drinking and having a good time. Jessica had on a strapless dress that hugged her body and black heels that made her stand tall above many. The confidence was oozing out of her. I found that to be the sexiest thing. Men kept approaching her and I just watched from a distance. I watched her as she flirted playfully. How she'd toss her hair or run her fingers through her hair. How she'd adjust the top of her dress to make sure she wasn't showing too much. How she'd cross her legs and re-cross when they got tired. How she sipped each drink. She was polite but didn't take a bite from any of them. Every now and then I spotted her looking for me. That made my desire for her even stronger. Out of all these men, she wanted me.

After watching for a while, I approached her.

"Jessica," I whispered. "Are you ready?"

She stood up and grabbed my hand as I ushered her outside. As soon as we got outside Jessica pushed me up against the wall of the building and kissed me deeply. Her moans were loud and intense. I could tell she wanted me right here, right now. As we waited for a cab to pull up, she took her hands and unbuttoned my pants. She slid her hand down and felt the hardness that was longing for her. I quickly zipped up as the cab stopped. I opened the door for her and we rapidly got in. I barely got the hotel address out when next thing I knew she was straddling me. She unzipped my pants again and pulled out my cock. She started to rub it as she kissed me. She kissed my cheeks and crossed over to my ear where she nibbled on it and blew in it until I had goose bumps. I took my hands and started lifting up her dress to her hips. Her pussy was free and I could tell she was wet. My cock kept touching her ever so slightly. She then took a hold of my cock and slowly started to put it in her pussy. Sitting down ever so gently till all of me was inside her. There wasn't much I could do, she was in control and I liked it. She started to ride me and I flipped down her top to release her breasts. She didn't have a bra on either. Her breasts were right in my face. Her nipples were hard and I had to get them in my mouth. I sucked her tits and kissed them. As she started fucking me hard and faster I started biting her tits. She let out moans like I've never heard. She thoroughly enjoyed the way I loved on her breasts. 

I started to panic a bit because we were getting close to the hotel.

"Let's wrap this up and we can finish once we get to my hotel room."

"No way, you're going to finish here right now. And you'll be ready for round two when we get back to your room." 

Her eyes pierced right through me and I was ready to cum. I grabbed on to her ass and started pulling her in closer to me with each thrust. I could feel her pussy tightening around me. I came hard. 

We rapidly pulled ourselves together as the valet reached to open our door. We ran in the hotel like we were kids ready to have sex for the first time. We got in the elevator and the foreplay continued. The noises we made would wake anyone who was asleep. We reached my room and I threw her down on the bed. I had to have her again. I ripped off her dress and went right for her pussy. I spread her legs open as wide as I could and nuzzled my face in there. Licking and flicking and sucking on her clit. Her body writhed in pleasure. 

"Fuck, Aiden. You sure know how to please my pussy."

"Mmmmm, you taste so sweet. What's not to love?"

She held my head down as I pleasured her and pulled on my hair as her orgasm continued to build. Then she grabbed my head and pulled it up to hers. She licked my lips in order to taste her own juice. Our tongues intertwined as we continued to kiss. 

"Aiden, I want you to fuck my ass."

"Are you sure?"

"Yes, I want to feel you everywhere."

She got up and bent over in front of me. She put a pillow under her head and propped herself up with her arms. I started rubbing her ass and kissing it ever so gently. This was a big deal so I wanted to make sure it was right. I took my time easing myself into her. She moaned as the sensation continued.

"Take a deep breath and let it out slowly, beautiful."

I was all in. Her ass was so tight. I didn't think I could contain myself much longer. It just felt too good. I rubbed her ass as I saw her reach in between her legs to rub her clit. I slowly fucked her ass. 

"Oh my god, Aiden. You feel so good. I want to cum for you."

"Yes, Jessica."

"Uh uh uh...oooh ooooh oooooooh! Fuck!"

Her cum flowed out of her like a fountain. I pulled my cock out and came on her ass. The sight was something to behold. 

"Fuck! You're so good. What's this going to be like when we get home?"

"I'm not sure yet, Jessica. I'm still trying to figure that all out but for right now, you are mine."

"I wouldn't have it any other way, sir."