 My thanks to all who have given me feedback on previous stories, and who have begged and demanded more.

Here it is. 

Thank you to my editors. I could not have done it without you! CAUTION-- this story is suspected to have put at least one of my editors in a coma. Yeah, it was too hot for him to handle. Hopefully it is hot enough for YOU! As always, I welcome your comments and feedback.

*

I walked down the ramp in the airport, feeling woozy and a bit disoriented. I barely knew where I was, and this was not my normal stop, but I had been persuaded to stop here by an acquaintance I had met on Literotica. We had met when he had offered feedback on one of my pieces, and had quickly become friends, finding that we shared many of the same views and key values. I had arranged this layover so that we could have a, well, a lay over.

I thought about what I was doing for about the fortieth time as I headed toward baggage claim, intending to catch a taxi to my hotel and freshen up before calling him to let him know I was in the area. I was concerned that I would not be who he expected, that my clothing or appearance would be found less than satisfactory, or, worst of all, that we would be sexually incompatible and would find nothing to do but twiddle our thumbs all weekend. That was almost unthinkable.

I was still woozy from the early morning flight, so when I bumped into a wall of male muscle I didn't even flirt, as is my norm. I merely excused myself and started to walk around him. He, however, moved the same direction I did. We did the same thing a third time. At this point, I raised my tired eyes to his face, intending to make my usual quip.

"Shall we dance-- RANDY?!"

"I was wondering when I was going to see those pretty eyes."

"These eyes are TIRED." I shook my head. "Isn't there a song about that? I had to be up at 3:00 this morning to get the dog boarded and-- how did you know when I would be here?"

"Only one flight in from Oakland today, Babe."

He took my carry on from my shoulder and hugged me firmly. I felt his gorgeous body rub up against mine as we embraced and all tiredness left my body, being replaced by lust. I looked at him and saw an answering lust in his eyes.

"I don't suppose I can just abandon my luggage here and we can just take off for the hotel now, can we?"

"I don't suppose we can."

"They do tend to frown on that. And considering the number of skimpy little frilly things I have packed I don't think I want them pawing through it, either."

"Skimpy little . . . Can we have a fashion show?"

I could see Randy's mouth water and the bulge in his jeans grew noticeably larger as we walked toward the baggage claim area, where we retrieved my excess luggage, then headed for his car.

We got the luggage loaded and he politely held the door for me to get in.

As I passed him, I rewarded his consideration by reaching up and giving him a long, hot kiss. "Thank you," I breathed in his ear, as we finished our embrace.

"I'm sorry?"

"That was a 'thank you' for being a gentleman and opening my car door for me. I didn't have the chance til now to see if you were the type, and I am VERY pleased. I promise that you will be, too."

"Oh. You are welcome, I guess. Thanks for not getting all women's lib on me and telling me that you can open your own doors."

"I'm fully aware that I can. It's just really nice when I don't have to."

I kissed him again, and then got in the car. He shut me in, gently, and then walked around to his own side and got in.

He quickly maneuvered the car onto the freeway and I asked him if he knew where he was going. He replied with the name of my hotel. I was suitably impressed.

I placed my hand on his thigh as we talked, gently rubbing his thigh through his jeans. Very shortly, I moved my hand Northward until I was brushing against his erect cock. With my other hand, I unbuttoned my blouse to show him my lace bra that was so brief that my nipples peeked out of the top. A passing trucker glanced down at me and honked his horn in appreciation. I smiled and waved at him, then turned back to Randy's cock.

"Now this is JUST a pity. Who would take a gorgeous piece of meat like this and cage it up in these tight jeans like this? How can it possibly breathe?" I unzipped his fly and extricated his cock as I talked. "See? Isn't that better?"

I stroked his cock slowly, and he groaned. "Are you trying to kill us? We are going eighty here and you are playing with my dick. Renee?" The last word came out as a squeak, as I kneeled on my seat, which caused my tits to fall out of my bra, and lowered my head onto his cock. "Oh, GOD," he moaned. "What will you do if we get pulled over?"

I reluctantly pulled my mouth from his hard dick to reply.

"I think I might offer the Officer the same treatment. Unless it was a woman, in which case, I might offer her a taste of you."

I returned to my tasty treat, and Randy returned to driving, though I noticed he slowed down to just below the speed limit, and he fondled my tits with his free hand. I licked and sucked at his cock, but I had no desire to have him cum at this time . . . this was just the appetizer.

When we got off the freeway, I stopped my attentions to Randy's cock so that he would be ready to leave the car when we reached the hotel. He stuffed his still erect cock in his jeans only a stoplight before we arrived, and when we reached the Valet parking my hand was back in his lap, stroking him through his jeans. We exited the car, checked in, and were escorted to the Penthouse suite I had reserved for our tryst. I wanted only the best for this weekend. At last, we were alone. 

We took a brief tour of the suite, noting the hot tub in front of the windows, and talking about the ways we intended to use it. 

The bathroom was an ode to decadence, and I felt greatly in need of a shower after my flight, so we started our weekend there.

I turned on the shower, and the jets sprayed from top to bottom, from two different directions. There was also a waterfall showerhead big enough for both of us to stand under. The jets would massage all kinds of erotic places, and it would be a truly decadent experience.

It was big enough to fit four, but two athletically inclined people were going to have a really good time in there, I just knew it. I quickly shed my blouse and skirt, leaving me in my red lace bra and matching panties. Randy took one look at the panties, which revealed almost as much as they hid of my smooth skin, and made the most of my ass points, and shook his head teasingly, since he knew that I normally go without.

"What?" I replied, to his look. "I have to wear them on plane trips or I have a tendency to get in trouble. The panties help me remember to keep my legs together, as it were."

I walked toward him and helped him undress, stepping back when he was nude to admire his body. He pulled me into him for another hot kiss, and unsnapped my bra while he was there. I shimmied out of my panties, grabbed shower gel, a waterproof vibrator and shampoo and conditioner from my bag of tricks, and led him into the shower by his erect cock.

I stepped into the hot water and it was like paradise. It was as if we had stepped under a waterfall, only it was warm.

We slid together, kissing and fondling each other, enjoying the wet heat of the shower. I turned around and applied some of my shower gel to my fingertips, then began to wash Randy's skin. The suds made him slippery, and the spicy scent was very enticing. He reached around behind me to squeeze some out on his hands, and began to rub some on my breasts, then my belly, and then he began to finger my pussy with soap lubricated fingers.

He avoided my clit at first, massaging the lips of my pussy before delving deeper to find my erect bud. He thrust two fingers into my wet pussy, and I arched against him, my hands moving to his cock, where they began swiftly moving, lubricated by the shower gel that had oil as one of its main ingredients. It is good for your skin as well as a great lube in the shower. Randy turned me around, saying it was time to wash my back. He grabbed the soap and squirted another good sized amount in his hand, then began massaging my back muscles, working his way down my back until he cupped my ass cheeks in his hands. He massaged my ass, slowly inserting one finger into my little rosebud, at which I exploded in an orgasm, the spasms causing my sphincter to contract around his finger and suck it inside me. He switched the vibrator for his finger and turned it on, causing waves of pleasure to continue to wash over me as my ass vibrated wildly.

He then pushed me over so I was leaning against the wall and slowly inserted his hard cock into my now sopping pussy. He reached under me to massage my clit, and began to thrust, ever so slowly. I could feel every centimeter of his cock as it slid into my pussy, the head, the veins, every detail felt like it was larger than life in my sensitized pussy as he slowly moved his cock in it.

I was pushed up against the wall, water streaming in my face, and the sensations were very intense. It was like being underwater, but I could breathe. And the feelings I was having as Randy reamed my pussy were some of the best ever. He had tucked one arm under my waist to hold me in place, and I could feel his cock almost touch his arm every time he stroked. His attentions to my clit were growing faster and faster, and I was cumming extremely hard. Randy increased his pace and used his free hand to fondle and twist my nipples, as I felt his balls slapping against my clit instead. I threw my head back, and he bit my shoulder, something he knew I liked. With every stroke, he stimulated the vibrator in my ass, and the triple stimulation was making me want to come apart in his arms. I was cumming like crazy.

I felt his balls start to tighten and I did my best to thrust back against him, but he was still holding me by the waist, holding me still so that he had the power.

He rammed against me several times in quick succession, and then I felt him unload inside me, shooting off hot sperm to hit my cervix. The feeling caused me to cum again, milking the remaining cum from his cock.

He pulled his cock from my pussy and the vibrator from my ass and I turned around to kiss him passionately. The hot water rolled off our bodies as we continued washing each other, making sure to get every nook and cranny.

Randy did something that I had not expected, then. He washed my hair. He carefully soaped it, then conditioned it, massaging my scalp with the shampoo in it. I asked him why he did it, but he just shrugged and said he wanted to.

We stepped out of the shower into a steam filled bathroom. I had forgotten to turn on the fan, and the billowing steam obscured every mirror. I picked up a towel from one of the heated racks and started to dry Randy's beautiful body, enjoying the view of every inch of it. He took another of the towels and began to dry my hair, wringing out the worst of the water before toweling it a bit. Finally, he fashioned the towel into a sort of turban and moved on to the rest of my body. I had finished toweling him off and handed him one of the hotel robes hanging on the back of the door. When he had finished drying my skin and I had put on a robe as well, we walked out to the living room.

"I don't know about you, but I am starving. Why don't you order something from Room Service?"

Randy smiled and reached for the phone. I heard him ordering a nice lunch as I went into my bedroom to unpack a few things for the weekend. I had a few surprises up my sleeve for him . . . 

When the doorbell chimed, Randy got it, still wrapped in the hotel robe. He instructed the waitress on how to set up the food, and she was doing so when I came out of the bedroom.

I was dressed (if you can call it that) in one of the outfits I had tantalized Randy with earlier. It was a red and black teddy with matching thong. There was plenty of lace, and it was all nearly transparent. In addition, I had on black thigh high hose and stiletto heels. I had managed to dry my hair, and it fell in loose waves around my face. 

"Close your mouth, Randy," I smiled. I then continued over to where our waitress was setting up. "Betty," I said, reading her name tag, "what do you think of Randy here?" I motioned toward him. "Isn't he one of the finest specimens of masculinity that you have ever seen?"

"Yes, Ma'am, he is," replied Betty.

I looked at her, admiring her dark eyes and long black hair. She had a trim figure and small tits that just begged for attention.

I walked over to where Randy was standing and I untied and opened his robe to show that he was, once again, erect.

"Well, Betty, what do you think? Would you like to have part of this lovely hunk of man?" She nodded, excitement shining in her eyes. "Well, lets have at him! He's willing and God knows, I'm ready . . . , are you?"

Betty's response was to remove her shirt and pants, revealing a white lace bra and underpants. The white lace contrasted against her brown skin very well, and she looked even more beautiful without her uniform on.

Randy looked at me over the top of her head, and I smiled at him, nodding my approval. At that, he allowed Betty to bear him backward onto the couch, where I took off her panties to find that her muff was well trimmed. I told her to sit on the couch and Randy began feasting on her pretty pussy while I watched the action with interest. He was eager, and enjoyed his feast, but not so eager as to rush things for Betty. He lapped at her pussy, then inserted a finger into her, making her moan with pleasure. When she came, she made little squeals of pleasure that reminded me of a bird.

I moved to the couch beside her and removed her bra, suckling on her breasts in order to bring her the utmost in pleasure. Randy saw what I was doing and groaned at the sight of my rosy lips on her brown skin. He was now using both hands to finger fuck Betty; one in her pussy and one in her ass, and she was crying out in orgasm almost constantly. I wished that it was I in her place, but knew that my time would come later.

I then asked Betty if she wanted him to fuck her. She replied that she did, but asked if she could please eat me while he did?

Randy and I looked at each other in surprise. What were the chances that we would find a woman this eager for shared pleasure as our waitress for Room Service?

Betty lay back on the couch and Randy entered her slowly. I sat on her face, and she grabbed my waist and moved my thong aside so that she could have easy access to my pussy. She started sucking at my pussy lips as Randy started thrusting into her, harder and harder. He leaned down and took one of my tits into his mouth, sucking and biting it.

This dual sensation sent me through the roof, and I creamed on Betty's face. She moaned as I did, and Randy, feeling her tighten around his cock, sucked harder at my tits. He was fucking Betty hard and fast, now, and as he pounded into her her face moved on my pussy, causing me to cum and cum . . . 

We were all three lost in our pleasure as Betty and I came multiple times. Finally Randy convulsed inside Betty, shooting his hot sperm into her cunt. He gave one last thrust and pulled out, kissing me on the mouth as he did. Betty's swirling tongue slowly came to a stop as she realized that the fun was over. She thrust it at my clit one last time, and I came again, surprising both of us. I dismounted and we helped her sit up.

I walked over to the table and gave Betty a sizeable tip, then offered her a shower. "No thanks, I just need to wash my face. This way I will be nice and wet when I get home to my boyfriend tonight."

"Well, I hope that we get you as our waitress again this weekend."

Betty explained that she was about to go off shift for the weekend, but that she would pass our preferences on to a friend who would love to take care of us.

"Sounds great. We will look forward to meeting her. You have a great weekend!" I hugged her, Randy kissed her, and she was out the door, ready for whatever the next room had in store.

We ate lunch, then laid down for a nap.

I awoke a few hours later to find that we had shifted positions in our sleep. Randy's robe had parted at the waist and my silky, hose clad leg was thrust between his, rubbing against his scrotum. Our breaths mingled, our faces were so close, and I was held gently in his arms.

I reached back into the bedside drawer where I had placed a variety of toys earlier. Trying not to wake him, I got out one of my toys, and then parted his robe further to give me access to his flaccid cock. I then took him into my mouth, wanting to wake him in the best way possible.

I knew the moment he awoke, because his cock immediately sprung to attention in my hungry mouth. I continued to pump his cock in and out of my mouth and throat until I was satisfied that he truly could not get any harder. Even then, I could hardly bear to tear my mouth away from him. He tasted so good. Finally, I did release him from my mouth and gently slipped a jelly cock ring with spikes on the outside for my pleasure and a vibrator for both our pleasures on Randy's erection. Of course, it gently constricted around his cock, holding the blood in and the erection firm.

I smiled at him and then watched his expression of extreme pleasure turn to one of shock as I placed handcuffs on his hands and a blindfold on his eyes. His legs I left unrestricted.

"What the . . . "

"Shhhh, Baby. It's time for you to be the receiver of pleasure. Just lie back and relax and concentrate on how each sensation FEELS." I had turned the cock ring on before placing it on him, so I was sure he was feeling the slight constriction of the cock ring and the vibration meant to up his pleasure receptors.

I took out my bag of tricks and retrieved a peacock feather. I gently caressed his body with the feather, tracing his erogenous zones, finally running it up and down his penis and balls, then down his legs to his feet.

Then I took out a pair of leather gloves. I massaged his skin with them, the soft leather gliding across his skin, growing warmer as the friction of his body heated it, but still staying cooler than body temperature.

As I used each item, I asked him to identify it. He identified the peacock feather (well, a feather was close enough) and leather gloves easily, but the next item had him stumped for a good long time.

I rubbed his body with silk gloves, sending the warm silk over every nook and cranny before finally running it over his cock and balls. My next tool was velvet. The soft gloves were much easier for him to identify, and he strained at his bonds as I spent a long time running my fingers up and down his tingling cock.

My last pair of gloves were suede, and again, he guessed them quite easily. I rubbed his cock with them for a good long time before kneeling over him and rubbing his rod into my wet slit, teasing my clit with the tip of his cock before ever so slowly lowering myself on his straining rod.

The cock ring was in just the perfect place to massage my clit while I moved myself up and down on his straining rod. He tried to free his hands so he could adjust my pace, but he was tightly bound to the bed. I slowly began to build up speed, bouncing on his cock, grinding my clit into him with every stroke and thoroughly enjoying myself. Finally I ripped the blindfold off. I wanted him to see what came next.

I slowly turned around and applied some KY tingling lube to my ass, then to his cock, making sure to get the whole thing coated, and then I sat on his cock again, but this time I inserted his hard cock into my tight ass. All he could see from his position on the bed was his cock penetrating my ass, my back, arched with pleasure, and my thighs, spread as widely as they could go. I heard Randy groan as his cock slipped past the strong muscles of my ass and inside it. I moaned as well, since his cock filled my ass so nicely. I moved on him slowly, then increased the pace, grinding his cock into my ass as the sensations built faster and faster. My body wanted to cum, but I kept holding it off, wanting to increase the pleasure when I did cum. When I did cum, my ass clenching and convulsing around Randy's cock, his reaction was very vocal, and highly appreciative. Finally I could take it no more, and I reached up to the top of the bed and unlocked his handcuffs. I needed his full participation in this, and I turned to him, begging him to fuck my ass, really fuck it. I needed to be pounded at, and he agreed to deliver.
