 It was morning. Our night together was over and I wasn't sure if I was ready to go back to reality. I could feel Aiden pressed up against my back and his arm was wrapped around my waist. I hated to think this was going to be over in just a few short hours. I rolled toward Aiden and saw his eyes open. His smile, his eyes, all had me captured. I leaned in to kiss his soft lips. I gently sucked on his bottom lip as he moaned. 

"I've had the most amazing week, Aiden."

"I have too. Now let's make the most of this morning before we have to leave."

He got on top of me and took off my lingerie. He took his time and kissed me from head to toe, not missing an inch. My body tingled in response and made me crave him more. Even though we had enjoyed each other physically this trip, each time he touched me it sent a new sensation through my body. 

"Time for a shower," he said getting up from the bed.

"What? You're going to tease me and leave? No way, mister!"

I ran to the bathroom and pinned him up against the shower wall. I turned on the water and made sure it wasn't too hot. I had him where I wanted him. No one teases me and just walks away. I kissed him hard and long. The water hit us both getting us all wet. I reached my hand down and held on to his cock. By this time it was hard. I grabbed the shower gel and poured some in my hand. I lathered it up real good and went back down to his dick. Rubbing it with the shower gel made it so slippery. It glided in between my hand with ease. 

"Let me feel you, Jessica," he said as he tried grabbing my breasts.

"No, you need to learn the consequences of teasing me, Aiden."

I continued to rub his cock. His breath was more rapid and his moans got louder and louder with each stroke. 

"Jessica, I'm ready to explode!"

"Oh, yeah," I said.

I turned off the water, grabbed a towel and left the bathroom. 

"What the...?!"

"Oh, I'm sorry was I being a tease?"

I smiled and I knew what was coming. He ran out of the bathroom and threw me down on the bed. This foreplay had me so wet it was just a matter of moments before I came. He lifted my legs up in the air and slid right inside me. He started pounding my pussy; harder and harder, deeper and deeper with each thrust. It was incredible. I had never felt so free like this before. The passion between us was intense and just kept growing each time we were together.

He flipped me around and slid his cock in from behind. He rubbed my ass and slapped it gently as I started to stimulate myself. I was reaching the top of my climax and I could tell he was ready. 

"Let's reach it together," I said.

And within a moment we both were letting ourselves go. Our bodies writhed in pleasure as we continued to release. We stayed still for a minute or two just trying to catch our breath.

"I don't know what I'm going to do without having you every day, Jessica."

We had really gotten used to each other's company and we were enjoying it immensely. What were things going to be like when we got back to the office? How was my relationship with my boyfriend going to be affected? What would happen to Aiden and his wife? I hate to overthink things but I was starting to get seriously invested in this man.

We got up from the bed and got ourselves presentable. I had to run back to my room and finish packing things up before we checked out. I gave Aiden a kiss and no more words were said as I slipped out of his room.

I was already to go. I sat on the edge of the bed and flipped through the channels to waste time until it was time to meet every one else in the lobby. Unexpectedly there was a knock on the door. Probably one of the other ladies from the office, I assumed. I walked over and opened the door. I gasped.

"Do you mind if I come in, Jessica?"

"Not at all."

Aiden walked in and closed the door behind him. 

"What can I do for you?"

"What can't you do," he said with a grin.

"Actually, I was packing and I couldn't get you out of my mind. I had to come over here to tell you something before we left."

"Sure, Aiden."

I walked over to the bed and sat on the edge motioning for him to come sit by me. We sat looking at each other and I could tell he was nervous.

"What's going on?" 

I started feeling a little nervous as well as I waited for him to speak.

"You know we have had an amazing week together. We've shared a lot together both in and out of the bedroom. We have connected. I guess what I'm trying to say is...I don't want things to change when we get back. I'm starting to have feelings for you, Jessica, feelings that I haven't felt in years. I am a different man when I am around you. You inspire me. You challenge me. You make me a better man. I don't know what the answer is especially since we have relationships back home but I just want you to know it doesn't end here for me. I want this to work. I don't want to lose you."

He didn't even give me a moment to respond. He kissed my lips softly and got up and left. This was going to be a long trip home.