 It's the second day of our vacation in LA. I wake up at 6:00 a.m. Still worn out from last night's performance. The room is in shambles and smell of sweat and sex. I roll out of bed and go to my luggage. I retrieve a collar from my bags and walk back to the bed. I stare at you for a moment, so sweet and innocent you look but how devilish I know you are. While you sleep I place the collar around your next. You awake as it locks around your next. You looked startled. I stroke your hair gently. You are still groggy. I whisper. "Your mine for today to do with as I please. Do you understand?" You look at me for awhile. You think over the possibilities for a moment then with a wicked smile you say "Yes Master" 

A smile comes across my face. "You're going to get fucked in the ass today." The words cut threw you like a knife. You are pissed off, excite and scare you at the same time. Your face gets flushed with anger. You can feel a shiver go down your back. I can see the defiance in your eyes and it encourages me. This day will be fun. It will be a test of wills. A million thoughts go racing through your head but they all focus on one main theme "HELL NO." 

I pull the lease on the collar to bring you around. You follow a little surprised. I kiss you deeply and passionately. I whisper in your ear. "It's time for you to act the slave. I desire a blow job. You know how much I like them. I want you to tease my dick. I want to play with my juicy cock with your tongue. Lick and slurp along it, make it swell with desire and anticipation." Your mouth starts to water. You first stand up bringing my mouth to your breast. Instinctively I suck your luscious breast. You start to pull away, teasing my mouth with your firm mounds. You kiss and tease your way down my body. 

You put just the tip of my cock in your mouth. Your hands move down my shaft. You lick and suck the tip moistening it so it glistens as the sunrise light starts to enter the room. You toy and tease my dick going up and down on it slow at first and only a little ways then deeper and faster. You are almost in a trance like state as mouth and handwork up and down in a synchronistic motion. Up and down fast your hand grasp me tighter and tighter. Suddenly I grab your head pulling me out and I explode all over your chest. You rub the sweet semen around your titties encircling your nipples. You lick your fingers while I try to catch my breath. 

I get out of bed holding your leash. I stagger a bit weak at the knees you laugh as I lead you into the bathroom. I take off the leash but the collar stays. We get into the shower and I start to soap up your body. I rub the soap all over your body until you are covered in a thick lather. I lather up my hands and show them to you then I turn you around. I push you over so your hands are up against the wall. I spread your legs apart and bring my hands down along your back down to your ass. Your heart starts to race. What's it going to be like? Will it hurt? Races through your mind. My hands move up and around your ass. I spread your cheeks wide and slip my soapy finger into your ass. Your muscles instinctively clasp around my finger. Then you relax. I stick a second finger in. You are starting to breathe heavier. My fingers rub the inside of your virgin ass. You are excited with anticipation. You lean back trying to get me in deeper. 

I pull my fingers out of you and turn you around. "There you are clean and almost prepared for me.. Thank you for today." I say as I kiss you firmly and deeply our tongues dancing with each other like they are tango champions. Because of the soap our bodies slide across each other. I move my hands down your side then lift you up. You put your feet on the edge of the tub. I move my dick to your waiting pussy. You grab me, lowering yourself onto my cock. You gasp as I enter you. I push forward probing you deeper. You moan grabbing the back of my head. "Fuck me you horny bastard" You yell. I start to bang away at you brutally fucking you. I slam your back over and over again into the shower wall. Harder and harder I bang away at you. One of the tiles falls. The man next door starts to bang on the wall but this causes me to fuck you harder. You moan louder. Harder and faster we fuck until you climax. Your knees buckle and I almost catch you as well both slide to the tub floor. 

We hold each other for a while until I say we have to get going we've got a big day planned. I stand up and reach my hand out to you. You rise still panting. You face the showerhead now. The water pelts your body. My hands reach around you, caresses you, removing all the lather. Your tits are so lushes and firm. I want you. I want you now. Push you against the wall. I fuck you. I slam my dick into you already wet pussy. I'm delirious with desire. I grab your hips and force myself deeply in you. There no stopping or control me. I have to fuck you. I bang away mercilessly. In and out blinded by the passion of the moment. Thinking of nothing but satisfying my own carnal desires I fuck you hard and fast. 

Suddenly I orgasm full body spasms. I cum and cum spasming uncontrollably. I fall to my knees. When my head clears I notice you are on the tub floor with me, both of us breathing heavily. Even though we are in the shower, you are cover in sweat. The neighbor is banging at the bathroom wall. We stare at each other panting then together we say "Wow" and laugh. How long has he been banging I ask. You laugh and say I don't know. 

We lay there for a moment, then continue our shower. We get out and I dry you off. You wrap a towel around you and start to comb your hair. I go in the other room to get dress. I come back about 15 minutes later. You are drying your hair. "So what are we doing today?" you ask. "It's a surprise." I say. I walk behind you so I can see us in the mirror. I caress your shoulders and whisper. "It will be a day you'll remember for a long time." as I remove your towel. Your naked body exposed in the mirror. I kiss your neck and nibble on your ears. My hands grasp your breast firmly. I give them a squeeze. I pinch your nipples. 

You lean back into me as your chest heaves. I move your hands over mine I whisper in your ear..."Glide me" Your hands on top of my guide me as I fondle your breast kneading rubbing, pinching. You move my right hand down to your pussy. Rubbing along your wetness. I continue nibbling your neck I look in the mirror. You are breathing heavy. Your eyes are closed as you guide my hands. I move my hand from your pussy so it's on top of your. "Show me" I whisper. Your hand takes over playing with your moisten box. Nimbly gliding in and out. Touching all of the right spot. Your legs are getting weak. I lean against you holding you against the counter top as my hand clasp firmly about your breast holding you up. 

You finger yourself deeper and faster. Around up down in out firmly fondling your pussy. "Cum for me" I whisper as I continue to kiss your neck. You are gasping for air. Breathing harder and faster. You hand is deep inside your wetness. I'm the only thing holding you up I are watching you in the mirror. Watching your fingers play with your pussy. Your face is flush with the look of complete anticipation; you're gasping for air you're going to cum. Suddenly your head tilts back and then forward. Moaning loudly you orgasm your body melts into my arms. You're panting unable to catch your breath. 

While your still panting I move my hands to your soaking wet love box. "Let me see what I've learned" I whisper as my fingers probe your wetness. You gasp for air in surprise. My hands glide along the path you had just shown me. In and out, up and down. I rock my hips against you in motion with my hand. You're breathing harder. You're climaxing faster this time. You place your hands on top of mine to quicken the pace. My hand dances about your pussy pleasuring your senses. Your hand reaches around the back of my head pulling at my hair. I look up in the mirror you chest is heaving I pinch your nipples, nibble your neck and finger fuck you. You grasp my hand probing me deep inside you. "Hold it, hold it" you yell. I feel your vaginal muscles squeezing against my fingers. My fingers get soaking wet as you orgasm. You are breathing like you just ran a marathon. 

I turn you around and sit you on the counter. We kiss as you undo my pants. "More?" I say. You smile still gasping for breath. I slide you out so you are just on the edge of the counter. I lean you back against the cold mirror. Then I kiss my way down to your pussy. I lick your dripping pussy lips. Tonguing my way along. Licking sucking biting probing. You hands move to the top of my head pushing me in deeper. I stick a finger up your ass as I eat you out. You moan. I insert a second finger your legs wrap around my head. I use my other hand to finger fuck your pussy. All of your senses are going wild as I probe your lower orifices. I lightly finger fuck your ass while I attack your pussy. You moan with excitement. The guy starts to bang on the wall again you moan louder. I lick and probe you faster and harder. You pull my head into you gasping my hair before orgasming again. I pull you off the counter and you can barely stand. I glance at my watch. It's noon. We've been going at it for six hours straight. "Get dressed. We've got to go." I say. 

As we are getting dress to go out, I notice something in your suitcase. I walk over to it. Your heart skips a beat as I reach in and pull out a dildo. I stare at it and then over towards you. You look down ashamed. "Explain this." I say. You stare more at the floor trying to come up with the right words. "My friends gave it to me" you mumble. "Go on," I say. "Well, they new how much I was looking forward to meeting you and how much of a wanton woman I am and… in case things didn't.... work out,….don't be mad." I give you an evil smile. "Well, let's make sure you don't need it. We've better go we'll discuss this more later." We head towards the door. I start at the dildo one last time "Maybe I'll put this to good use later, wouldn't want to disappoint your friends" Tossing the dildo on the bed. 

We finally leave the room and go to Hollywood's Rodeo Drive. We stop at a café across the street from Frederick's of Hollywood for lunch. It's a warm sunny day. We enjoy our lunch. Sitting, watching the people go by, drinking our wine. I notice that we are in a rather secluded corner of the patio, we are blocked on two sides by plants and one by the corner of the building. Only one couple can see us and they are necking like newlyweds. I unzip my pants and slide them down a little I touch your hand and pull you towards me. You look down and notice my cock peeking out of my pants. You quickly look around. "HERE??" I smile "Yes, here." You smile and hungrily dive on my cock. 

Your mouth is so warm and moist. I can't believe how good this feels. My whole senses, feelings and thoughts are engulfed within your mouth. I close my eyes enjoying ever aspect of your tongue loosing myself in the unbelievable sensation. I feel my cock getting harder the pressure building with ever motion. Harder and faster you suck my cock you know I'm about to explode. I can't believe how talented you have become, knowing all the right places. The excitement is building deep within my cock my whole body tenses in anticipation. Suddenly the pressure is released. My body convulses as I cum over and over again for what seems like hours. My body collapses as it relaxes you get the last drop looking up at me. My cock still in your mouth, your loving eyes look deeply into mine. I make a mental picture of this moment as I reach out for you bringing you up to me kissing you deeply. 

"Uuuhhghm" we hear the sound of someone clearing their voice. We quickly look over. It was the couple at the table next to us. "We didn't want to bother you but could you tell us how to get to the botanical gardens?" We pull out a bus schedule and give them direction. As they leave we look at each other smile and laugh. We kiss some more still laughing. "You were so extra specially good just now. I'm going to have to buy you something extra nice over there" Pointing at the Frederick's of Hollywood sign. 

We cross the street and go inside. The place is full of beautiful things I would love to see you in. Things to make you feel as sexy and special as you are to me. Things I would love to take off of you. We walk through the store. "Anything you want, it's yours." I say smiling at you. You face glows with a radiant smile. 

You start looking through the store. You pick out several items that you like. You kiss me as you go off to try them on. I continue browsing through the store. I come across a beautiful leather corset. The leather is so fine. I imagine what you would look like in it. I picture the corset highlighting your curves. The leather caressing your body. I grab the corset and head towards the fitting rooms. On the way, I run into the woman from the café. She is on here way to model for her husband, dressed in a camisole and panties. She smiles and looks at the corset, "She must have been very good." I look at her with surprise, which is quickly replaced with an evil smile. "I love corsets the way they hug your body, do you know how to lace one up?" I look a little confused at her. "Here let me show you", she walks to the room you are in. We enter, as you are standing there naked about to try on something. 

"I would like you to try this on." Handing you the corset. You smile then look over at the woman. "I oidn't know how to lace one up." The woman takes the corset and holds it down as you step into it. She slides it up your body and the two of you position it. She bends you over this little table and starts to lace and tighten the corset. The picture of her tying you up is strangely erotic. She calls me over to help tie you. I get behind her reaching around, my fingers grab the ropes in back and I pull. My body leans into hers. you gasp as the corset tightens around you. She bends over you grabbing your breast pulling then up as I tighten the corset. I look at you in the mirror in front of you. I can't stop staring at your breast as they heave with ever breath. The woman kisses your neck as she adjusts your breast. You look surprised. Her hands glide along your side sending a tingle down your back. You worry about what this means you want it to stop but you are not sure. 

As I tighten the corset more my hips push against her forcing her pelvis into your ass. I'm getting a little excited and unconsciously thrust my hips back and forth. Her hands move past the bottom of the corset and down your hips the touch excites and frightens you. You suddenly become very aware that you are not wearing any panties. Her touch stirs a warm feeling between your legs. It scares you, what could this mean. You want it to stop. You are about to say something do something when look in the mirror and notice I have dropped my pants. You hadn't noticed my hands had left the corset's strings. 

"Oh, my, God" you think. "He's going to fuck me right here. With her in the room!" The woman stops caressing your hips and thighs and quickly drops to her knees. You spread you legs wide waiting to get pierced with my dick. The woman grips my cock in her mouth Sucking it getting it super moist then taking my cock she guides me to your waiting pussy. Using my cock she toys and teases your pussy. I long to penetrate you. My cock glides along your clit never entering just teasing you. You try to rock back into me as I try to thrust into you but she want let us. You are so warm and wet. You pussy longs to be split apart and madly fucked. The woman licks along my shaft over to your pussy as she continues to use my cock to tease you. You moan much to your surprise. The woman continues licking your pussy and my cock as she moves my cock deeper and deeper into you. I reach around to your breast. The leather feels so good to my touch. I move deeper inside you rocking back and forth probing your pussy. In and out I pump you as the woman is now paying complete attention to your pussy. I'm fucking you harder and deeper your hips thrusting back against me. Faster and faster, our bodies filling with want and desire. 

The door opens. It's the man from the café. The sight of him makes us all pause for a second. Then the woman takes a long lick along my shaft and dives ravenously on your pussy. You moan again as I thrust my cock hard and deeply into your pussy. The man stares for a moment. You motion for him. As he undresses you notice that he is already hard. He moves towards you. You quickly take his dick in your mouth. You suck his cock and rock back into me as I bang away at you. I continue fucking you harder and faster. You pussy is alive with pleasure as she sucks and I fuck your pussy. Your mouth tingles with the taste of his cock. His hands reach down pulling your breast out of the corset. He pinches and twirls your nipples. I am brutally banging away at your pussy. I become overwhelmed with passion. Slamming your pussy with uncontrollable vigor. The woman reaches around me grabbing my ass pulling me deeply inside you holding me there as she franticly licks your pussy. I feel you orgasm. Your pussy squeezes and massages my cock. You collapse into a quivering mass as I slide my cock out of you. The woman's hand strokes my shaft. I cum just as I exit your pussy exploding over her face and chest. 

As we both try to catch our breath the man takes his wife and bends her over the table. As she assumes the position you were in the man quickly enters her. He looks at us and we look at each other. The woman starts to moan loudly as she matches his thrust. We look at each other. Suddenly the door opens, it's a sales lady. She screams for the security guard. Suddenly the room is a flutter with activity as we all try to escape. We grab our cloths and head for the back door as the other couple takes off towards the front. The door alarms goes off as we make our exit. We run outside into the alley carrying our cloths. We run down the alley putting on our cloths as we make our escape. We hop on the first bus we come across falling into our seats laughing and panting. The bus drives by Frederick's, we quickly duck down but not before seeing the couple being escorted back by the security guard. 

We giggle all the way back to the hotel. We collapse on the bed exhausted from the day's excursion. You roll over on top of me kissing me. Our tongues dance together, our mouths entwined with passion. My hands glide up and down your back. I pause and look at you. You are still wearing the corset. I quickly take off your top and jeans. I never did get a good look at you in this. My cock springs to attention as you model the corset. "I want to fuck you so bad." 

You lay down next to me smile and say. "My pussy awaits." "Who said anything about your pussy. Didn't I tell you you're going to take it up the ass today." 

"I don't think I want to do that now." You say. I take your hand and guide you over to the table. "Assume the position." I say smiling. You smile back, lean over the table laying face down. I walk over to my bag and pull out some rope. I tie each of your hands and legs to each table leg. I take off my belt. And let it caress your body. I whisper in your ear. "You need a safe word… A word you say when you want this to stop. How about 'smurf'? Yes, that's it Smurf. If you want me to stop at any time for any reason just say "Smurf". "Do you understand?" "Yes", you say. 

"Do you want to change your mind?" I ask. "What?" you ask. Smack, the belt slaps across your ass not hard but enough to let you feel it. "Ouch, what's that for?" Smack. I thought we agreed you belonged to me today. Your ass stings a little. You struggle against your ropes. Smack. I slap you with my hand. (The belt would be too much for your first time). You continue to struggle. I smack you again. "Are you ready to get fucked up the ass now?" I ask calmly. The table hopes with your struggles. I smack you harder. Over and over. Your ass turns a beautiful pink color. "No, you scream." You are a willful one aren't you? I continue smacking your ass my hand is starting to hurt. Your ass turns a brilliant crimson red. I can feel the heat coming off your ass. You are amazed that somehow this is exciting you. You feel a bit of moisture trickle down your leg. "Are you ready?" There is no answer but you stop struggling still panting. I gentle caress your smooth red ass soothing it from your spanking. "Are you ready to get fucked up the ass?" I ask again. You think you are willing to now but you don't want to give me the satisfaction. "No you bastard" I immediately slap you again. This time I grab the belt. Smack, smack. You start to struggle and scream, "Fuck you, fuck you!" You feel the ropes against your wrist. You feel yourself getting excited. "How can this be?" you think. "No, this can't be happening." You find yourself longing for the next smack. Your clit tingles for the touch as I smack your ass. You find yourself struggling more out of excitement wanting to grab something, anything. Panting and moaning, you orgasm uncontrollable. You lay there quivering at my slightest touch unable to catch your breath. 
