 After graduating from high school I had two missions, find a job and an apartment. They of course were supposed to lead to several other things but first things first.

Well I found a job at a factory that made envelopes. I didn't know the first thing about envelopes but the VP thought I was smart enough to learn and they needed help. So I got tossed in to learn about the folding machines from this old guy and I was employed.

Step two was I got together with a couple of friends of mine who were going to college during the day and working at night to get an apartment. So it worked out pretty well they were gone most evenings and I wasn't around all day. 

In a couple of months I was getting the hang of setting up the machines for different jobs and settling in. One machine operator I worked with all the time was Imelda, she's a Mexican woman only a couple of years older than me who had been there for those couple of years. She is single, outgoing and temperamental but attractive with wavy black hair and we got along well.

Imelda's two sisters also worked at the plant, her older sister, Irina is married and worked the night shift and seemed very nice the times that I talked to her. 

Their younger sister works days but in another area. Isela is my age and had only been working there a little longer than me. She is by far the most beautiful of the three, 5-9 tall, with a fabulous body, full 34C rack, long legs and long wavy brown hair. Isela is also quite shy and quiet, especially compared to Imelda but impossible not to notice as she always wears these polyester pants that aren't really tight but when she walks she twists her hips so her ass moves up and down just screaming at you. At least I can't help being distracted by it. 

As weeks turned into months Imelda started asking why I didn't ask her sister to go out. First I wasn't sure about dating the sister of someone I worked with every day and Isela was so shy and quiet I wasn't sure, even with that body, she'd be much fun to be with. But when Irina told me Isela thought I was very nice and that I should get to know her, I figured what the hell.

So when I was on break and saw Isela I started a conversation and told her that her sisters suggested I might ask her out. She said, yes, and we decided to go to a free concert in the park Friday evening and then have dinner just to see how it went. 

And it went very well. Isela was relaxed and laughed as we talked and enjoyed the music and dinner. She looked fabulous in this little black cocktail dress that showed off her magnificent legs to their finest. I was about ready to drive her home when she asked how far away I lived which was kind of in the opposite direction from where she lived and she said, "I'd like to see where you live, could we stop there?"

I honestly wouldn't be capable of denying a woman's request to go back to my place so that's where we headed. It's not like my roommates and I had much more than a couch, a kitchen table and a few chairs but it's what we've got and they weren't home. 

Isela and I were sitting on the couch talking and she inched close to me. I was ready to draw her face close and kiss her when she swung one leg over me, straddled my legs and sat down on my lap. Isela had a big smile on her face then leaned into me and we kissed. 

In about a second and a half her tongue was sliding past my lips and I returned the gesture as I ran my hands up her thighs, under her dress and around her waist. Isela had her hands behind my head running her fingers through my hair. So I allowed my hands to continue on their journey and when they found her sweet supple bare ass cheeks I discovered shy quiet Isela had on a thong. Damn this girl is one continuous surprise. 

After what seemed like forever we broke our lip lock and Isela said, "I think it would be sexy if you carried me to the bed."

I thought that was a rather subtle hint so kissed her lightly on the nose and replied, "Yes I do believe that would be one sexy move."

Isela slid off my lap and after I stood up she put her arms around my neck and jumped up wrapping her long legs around my waist. I was able to deftly get my arms down and under her sweet thighs to hold her up and she said, "Oh yes this is sexy Shane."

I sprinted to the bedroom and let Isela set her feet down on the floor. We helped each other out of our clothes and damn this was a jackpot. Isela looked even more spectacular naked and her soft smooth olive skin was incredible. Of course I wasn't the only one who was happy, Isela held my stiff 8 inch cock in her hand and said, "Oh this is a beautiful thing Shane I will enjoy having it."

I thought to myself, 'Not as much as I'll enjoy giving it to you' but said, "We'll have fun that's for sure."

Just to get started I eased Isela down on the bed on her back and quickly dove between her legs to go down on her. I kissed her neatly trimmed bush, rubbed my cheeks against the insides of her soft thighs then licked the length of her snatch. I was quickly fully immersed in munching on Isela's delicious muff. 

I fully intended to take my time and tease Isela, it was such a pleasure to have this beautiful sexy and eager young woman so into getting it on with me. Lifting my head for a breath of air I looked up to see Isela massaging her fabulous tits with both hands. I could only regret not being able to be in two places at once but I had to hope there would be time to enjoy those delightful boobs later. Isela would pinch her thighs together against my head after she came so I kept going. Later she raised her ass up off the bed to meet my tongue as she shook with another orgasm. 

With that I was ready to grab a condom and fuck this girl good but Isela sat up and reached down to take my dick in her hand and said, "You have been so wonderful. Let me just enjoy this beautiful cock for a moment" then she began jerking me off. 

I just nodded because who was I to deny this lovely young woman a simple pleasure. No surprise I was rock hard in about two seconds. I was feeling so good I almost forgot about fucking Isela, for about the thirty seconds we were kissing as she stroked my dick until she leaned down took the head in her mouth for a few skipped heartbeats. Then she released it and said, "OK now let's get you a condom because I really need you to get this in my pussy and fuck me." 

Well, I aim to please since that was my plan anyway so I grabbed a condom from the nightstand and Isela took it from my hand after I opened it and rolled on my throbbing dick. She then flopped back onto the bed, raised her knees and spread her legs. I didn't waste any time kneeling between her legs and taking my dick in my right hand slipped the head into her wet snatch.

I just sighed as my cock slipped into Isela's slick, tight, velvety soft pussy. Isela looked incredible with her eyes closed licking her lips, her hair spread out on the pillow and those fabulous tits shaking just a little as I eased more of my dick into her. This wasn't heaven I thought but fuck it was in the neighborhood. 

As I fucked her slowly Isela began to roll her hips from side to side, I'd never had a girl do that but it kind of kept me going slowly and made it more of a sensual experience than just a hump. This was the most awesome first date I've ever had or heard about. 

It was such a joy to be between Isela's legs to fuck her tight soft pussy I could have stayed right where I was until dawn but after who knows how many minutes of pleasure my dick had had enough and I came with a flourish. 

I eased back and kissed both of Isela's bountiful breasts then rolled onto my side next to Isela. She nuzzled her head against my chest and softly said, "Oh Shane you are such a warm and gentle lover. You know how to show a woman respect and affection and I so enjoy being with you."

I had to think for a bit to come up with a response to that tribute, "I appreciate being with a beautiful and sexy woman so I do what I can to treat you well to show it."

"That's sweet Shane" replied Isela, "and you'll get plenty of chances to show me how much you enjoy being with me because I want you to fuck me all night and more tomorrow." 

That was an unexpected response but I was sure on board for that ride. We just held each other for quite a while, which I actually enjoyed, until Isela slid down until she was in position to take my dick in her mouth and get started on the rest of the night. 

By this time I shouldn't have been surprised but I still had the image of quiet Isela from work in my mind as she was giving me a masterful blow job. With her head bobbing up and down sliding all of my 8 inch cock between her lips I stroked Isela's hair and mentally kicked myself for having to be talked into taking her out. 

 Once I was hard I reached back to grab another condom and as we laid on our sides facing each other I slipped my dick into Isela's pussy. Isela put her left arm around my shoulders and her right under my head as she leaned in to kiss me and rubbed her firm boobs against my chest as I continued to push more of my cock into her. 

Isela put her left leg over me and hooked it behind my back as I slowly and steadily pumped my cock into her sweet snatch. Isela looked so happy as she stared deeply into my eyes, I returned her stare and just smiled because I was so happy to be sliding my cock into her tight pussy. 

 After I pulled my dick from her sweet snatch I reached between us and fingered Isela. She slid up slightly to put my head between her fabulous tits and hugged me tightly as I got her off more than a few times. I guess Isela was satisfied when she rolled over on top of me and just laid there with her eyes closed and fell asleep. I can't say I wouldn't have minded keeping going but I soon dozed off myself.

I was woken up about 3 hours later by Isela playing with my dick. When she said, "Was that nap long enough Shane, if you're rested I would like to make more love to you."

Fuck yeah I thought always ready for more pussy, "Yes Isela I feel like I'm ready to go again."

"That's good Shane, just so this big cock is ready to go again." Then she climbed on top of me in a 69 position and took the head of my dick between her lips and got the ball rolling as I kissed her snatch. 

We fucked all weekend, with the occasional nap throughout, showers together, followed by I think three breaks where we got dressed and went out to eat. It was the most awesome 40 hours of my life before

I took Isela home Sunday morning. I asked when we could get together after work and she said, "In two weeks we can spend another weekend together. Not until then."

I was going to question that but Isela put her hand on my crotch and added, "We don't want to go too fast, that is OK with you isn't it Shane?"

I could have been very disappointed but starting thinking about two weeks was really only 12 days until Friday so, "Yes I believe I can go with that Isela, that will be fine."

 So that was basically how we spent every other weekend. Friday night we would start out with a movie, play, concert or something followed by dinner then a raucous night in bed and sleeping until noon. Then after a bite to eat a couple of hours of playful fucking before showering and repeating the going out date night on Saturday before returning to hit the sheets. Again on Sunday, waking at noon for a quick one then a shower before driving Isela home. But only on every other weekend, like a regular schedule. 

I didn't object to any part of that routine or question it because it worked great for me. The oddest part of the weekend was stopping by the local church on Sunday to get a newsletter that Isela took home with her. It seemed she was gone from her parents' home for the weekend and they didn't question where she was because it looked like she attended services Sunday morning. I really didn't care to get into it beyond that because it was working so well for me.

Isela and I agreed we would keep our normal distance at work, neither of us needed tongues to be wagging. Of course I still worked with her sister every day but Imelda only asked how Isela and I enjoyed the movie, concert or whatever, never mentioning anything else. So I sure didn't volunteer any details.