 Preface: This is the first in a continuing series relating to Christina and Doc. Early in their relationship, Doc was able to sense some repressed feelings in Christina that prevented her from allowing her to let go and enjoy all the erotic pleasures life could present them. He realized it had been the negative impact of her strict Catholic upbringing. Her mother had drummed into her that sex was nasty and a woman only had to do it to keep her man happy. But a woman was not to enjoy it or she was being sinful. As such, Doc devised a way to help Christina open up, address her inner pent up feelings and desires, and rid herself of those negative inhibitions once and for all. Doc wanted to see that lust filled inner Christina finally be able to come out to play. As the first part of his plan, Doc and Christina acquired two large apothecary jars, the type with the locking lids. Then after a bottle of wine one evening, they each took a small stack of 4 X 6 index cards. 

The instructions were simple, think of the top 5 most erotic fantasies or desires each one had, writing one down per card, fold the card and then place it in their respective jar. There were no rules and nothing was out of bounds. Christina reluctantly agreed that no matter what was on the card, they would each make it happen ... no jealousy, no anger, no reservations. They each would draw one card from the other's jar every Sunday evening, not letting the other know what they had drawn. They each had the entire week to plan and execute the fantasy or desire on the other's card. It might be simple enough to happen that very night, or it might require some planning. Or being as devious as Doc was, he would enjoy making it drag out, teasing her all week, dropping hints just to make her anticipation (and her lust) build. Then surprising her when she least expected it. As well, the only true rule was as the cards got down to one per jar, they each had to add five more new ones. Knowing her past, he intentionally kept his first five "fantasy" cards rather mundane. But he knew, over time, both his and hers would become more and more intense. This story relates to the first card Doc drew from Christina's jar.

- - - - - - - - - - -

Part 1 - Preparation is Everything 

The July 4th was fast approaching and Doc's thoughts were of spending some quality time with Christina - some very erotic and pleasurable quality time. The two had mentioned a road trip briefly in passing, but neither had brought up the subject again. That is until now. Doc's erotic mind began to ponder the possibilities of a surprise trip for Christina. And of course, he was determined to incorporate as many mutually erotic pleasures into the trip as his wicked little mind could think of.

Doc picked up the phone and called around various rental services. The holiday period prices being quoted were astronomical. His heart (and hard cock) began to sink as one call was followed by another, then another, and then another. All calls were almost identical. "How much? I just want to rent the place for the weekend, not make a down payment to purchase the place." With his ego, and his cock, almost completely deflated, he remembered a cousin that lived in the area. She and her significant other had mentioned a place they always went that belonged to their family. "Hmmmmm I wonder."

Dialing her number, his hopes were again beginning to rise (as well as another anatomical appendage).

"Hey Cuz - how you doing? Was calling in hopes you might be able to lend me some advice since I'm still fairly new to the area."

"Sure Doc, if I can. What do you need?"

"I'm trying to find a nice, out of the way place for a weekend getaway for the long July 4th time frame. I'm really hoping to find someplace on the coast, but have not been having much luck letting my finger do the walking. I remembered you and Ray mentioning a place you liked to go for some quality private R&R time."

"July 4th did you say?"

"Yep. That's the tentative plan. Had hoped to sneak out of town on Thursday, the evening of the 3rd and return late on Sunday the 6th."

"Would you be willing to drive as far as the Outer Banks?"

"Well yeah. I just want to get out of town and have some really quality time with my lady friend. Christina is a really special lady and I want to have some really special time with her."

"OK, well as it so happens, the family place is not booked that weekend. I can let the rest of the family know it is now taken if you want. All you need to do is pick up the key and directions, and then clean up after yourselves before you return."

"Oh wow Cuz. That is truly great. I'll swing over to Swansboro in the next day or so to get the key and directions. Again, you have come through in the clench! Thanks Cuz!"

""Great, then I'll see you in the next couple of days. Just call first to make sure we're home. We'll be looking forward to seeing you again. And I'll be expecting to hear all about Christina."

"Thanks again and I'll see you soon. Bye for now Cuz."

"Ok bye Doc, see you soon. Glad we could help."

Now Doc's mind started to rev into overdrive again. The main obstacle was out of the way. Now all he had to do was come up with some very special plans and get Christina to commit to the long weekend. She really needed some R&R as she had been working hard in her real estate office. Long days, evening meetings with clients, swinging by to take picture of properties, some weekend hours and still try to eat and get some sleep. Plus, lately, her schedule left little time for more pleasurable activities, the erotically stimulating variety she deserved - the kind they both deserved. And Doc was determined to make sure their getaway weekend would be one they neither would soon forget. So he picked up the phone again, but this time to call his sexxxy lady.

"Hi sexxxy. Glad I caught you. Do you have any plans for the long July 4th weekend?"

"Hi Doc. No, are you asking me out of curiosity or do you have something specific in mind?"

"Let's just say I have something VERY specific in mind. But, I don't want to discus it over the phone. You have an hour or so to spare this evening? I promise not to keep you up past your bedtime. And I also promise to let you get some sleep after you're in bed - eventually that is."

They both laughed and Christina said to come on over. But just for an hour or so as she had to be at work bright and early. No sooner had Doc hung up the phone than he was out the door. In record time, he was pulling into Christina's drive way. His cock was rock hard with anticipation of telling her his plans - but not all his plans for the getaway.

Christina opened the door before he could ring the bell. DAMN! She looked great! She always looked great to Doc. His cock pulsed to emphasize the point as if he needed the reminder? As soon as the doors were locked and shut, he pulled her into his arms. Her natural fragrance was intoxicating to him. Her skin was so smooth and delectable. Their lips met, tongues swirling between one another's lips and Doc's hands were firmly caressing her body from top to bottom. And oh what a lovely bottom Christina had. Doc loved her ass. Just the thought of her ass made him quiver. Feeling those fleshy cheeks in his hands caused his cock to twitch even more. In fact, when she was in his arms and he was caressing those lovely cheeks, he was in heaven. The passion was building to a point that if Doc didn't resist and pull back, he would literally rip her clothes off and fuck her over the back of her couch. As difficult as it was, he slowly released his embrace and pulled his lips from hers. The glazed look in their eyes was almost mirroring the building passion between them.

"Whew! Wow! I almost forgot how great kissing you feels! I said almost, but not quite. I can never forget that wonderful sensation. But thanks for the refresher sexxxy."

"Hmmmm based on how your cock was twitching against me, I think it remembered just fine."

They both smiled as they went to the couch. As they got comfortable Christina was asking what was so special about the July 4th weekend. So Doc explained how he had secured a very private cottage on the Outer Banks for the entire weekend. He went on to explain that from what he understood, the cottage was right on the shoreline and was at least a mile in either direction from the nearest neighbor. The cottage and the beach would be their own private getaway - and all the possible pleasure that could provide. Christina could see that devious look in his eyes as he emphasized that last part.

"So, how does it sound to you? Could you stand being tied to me for an entire weekend?"

"That does sound great. But be careful how you talk about being "tied". You might be the one being tied, and I don't mean to me."

They both laughed as that was something they both wanted to explore - tying one another to the bed or such and just seeing what all they could do to one another to bring erotic pleasure. It was if both were having mental images of the same possible scenes at the same time, as the devious looks in their eyes were almost identical.

"OK babe, is it a done deal? Do we have a date?"

"I can hardly wait. What should I bring? What should I wear?"

"As little as possible. In fact, that is one reason I wanted to discuss this in person. Fire up your laptop as we have some shopping to do. But, you are way over dressed to do this type of shopping. In fact, we both are."

Doc went to the sliding door, and after making sure it was locked he closed the vertical blinds. Christina had done the same to the front blinds and had returned to boot up her laptop. As the computer ran through it's start up routine, Doc' was standing behind Christina. Again his hands were caressing her from top to bottom, stopping briefly to pull her top over her head. Once it was removed, he kissed her neck and shoulders as his hands unclasped her bra. As the bra fell to the floor, he again kissed her as his arms wrapped around her, as his hands were cupping and massaging her newly freed breasts. His hands soon zeroed in on her nipples. As his warm breath cascaded across her neck and shoulders, he toyed with her nipples. Christina could feel Doc's cock as it was firmly pressed in the cleft of her ass cheeks. 

Christina moaned as his fingers continued to play with her nipples. Instinctively her hands reached behind her to feel Doc's hard cock. Doc was still dressed, but his cock felt as though it was trying to rip through his pants. Christina turned in his arms and began to remove Doc's shirt. Once it was gone, her hands toyed with the top of his pants, tugging the pants open in a teasing motion. As her eyes locked with his, she unbuttoned Doc's pants and worked them down his thighs. Soon they were in a heap at his feet and his cock was wrapped in her hand. In turn, Doc slid his fingers on either side of her skirt and worked it down so that it also fell to her feet. He could now easily inhale the rich all too familiar aroma of her sweet pussy nectar. It drove him insane with desire. So much so, he grabbed the waistband of her panties and --- RRRRIIIIPPPP. He literally tore them from her body. Now she had joined Doc in his total nakedness.

As their lips met again, their hands were once more caressing one another's body. Their sexual tension was rising as their passion grew. Doc's cock was firmly pressed against her belly - just inches above her clit and her delectable pussy. Christina felt his hands gripping her ass cheeks again - massaging them, caressing them, kneading them, his fingertips sliding closer and closer to her puckered rosebud teasing the nerve bundles there. Doc teasingly broke free and took Christina by her hand. He literally pulled her to her computer. As he sat on the stool, he pulled Christina into his lap. Doc's cock was firmly between her thighs, lightly tapping against her wet pussy and enlarged clit.

As Doc pulled up the web browser, he typed in the URL for the swimsuit site he had found earlier. He pulled Christina tightly against him as his arms reached around her to navigate the screen. Soon he was at the page showing the micro-bikinis. These were no more than a few strategically placed small triangles of fabric that would just barely cover her nipples and her sweet pussy lips. Other than the strings, that was it.

"I can't wear something like that in public."

"Sweetie, we won't be in public. We will have a mile of private beach in both directions. And yes, YOU WILL wear this for me. That is until I remove it from you. Besides, it will give you a chance to work on a really good all over tan. And I look forward to helping you put it on, almost as much as I do taking it off you."

Christina could feel Doc's cock twitch against her pussy as they looked at the various styles and colors. The string thong would do little to cover her ass, and she knew Doc would really look forward to her "modeling" her new micro bikini once he helped her put it on. Finally, they settled on two suits of different colors. Doc ordered them with FedEx Express delivery. They would be here in 2-3 days at the most.

"Now, for our next stop."

Doc typed in the URL to an adult toy site he knew that offered express delivery. As they looked at the various toys, Christina could tell the ones that truly excited Doc by the way his cock twitched for her. It was easy for her to suggest he get this one and that one and another one. Doc could also tell from the way Christina's pussy would get instantaneous soaked which ones excited Christina. Once they ad picked out the new toys, Doc closed the shopping cart and checked off FedEx Express delivery. The toys would arrive about the same time as the two micro bikinis.

Now Doc had other things on his mind. The intoxicating aroma of Christina's sweet pussy nectar had driven him to the point of no return. As well, her pussy juices had dribbled down all over his cock and balls as she had sat in his lap. He felt like leaning her over the bar, slamming his cock into her in one thrust and just fucking her right there. But he had to taste her first. He had to have his tongue inside her. He had to feel her cum all over his face, flooding it with her sweet nectar.

He lifted her upward and then took her hand, wrapping it around his cock. It was slick with her pussy nectar and was clearly oozing pre-cum, covering the entire head. Christina licked her lips as her hand slowly stroked his cock. Without saying a word, Christina walked toward her bedroom, pulling Doc behind her by his throbbing cock. Once in the bedroom, Doc pushed Christina onto her bed and abruptly pulled her legs as far apart as he could while pushing them back towards her shoulders. Her ass, pussy and clit were there before him. As he kissed his way down her inner thigh, he locked eyes with hers. The intensity of their mutual lust was mirrored to one another through their respective gaze. He wanted her, and she wanted him - NOW! Doc lowered his head further and inhaled her rich aroma, savoring the heady fragrance that always drove him insane. His tongue slowly licked around her puckered ass, then along her swollen pussy lips and finally all around her clit. Both Christina and Doc allowed a long over due sigh to escape their lips almost at the same time. It was as though they had both been holding their breath in anticipation of Doc's tongue sliding over her sex.

"Oh Damn! Eat me baby. Eat me up. Let me feel your tongue baby. Eat my pussy."

Doc was more than happy to fulfill his lady's request. He would eat her all right. He was going to eat her pussy and her ass. He wanted to feel her cum hard all over is face before he fucked her. He HAD to have her pussy nectar. His tongue continued its journey, back and forth, up and down. He took particular time to make sure he really teased her ass. He loved Christina's ass. He loved the way it looked when she walked. It drove him crazy when it was so open for him as she was bent back this way. He loved the feel of her ass cheeks in his hands. And he really loved the way she responded when his tongue would begin to tongue fuck her ass. He tried to push the entire length of his tongue into her sweet ass. He was crazy for Christina - crazy for everything - especially her ass. 

As her moans began to increase while his tongue fucked her ass, he knew it was time to move up a little higher. As much as he hated to leave her sweet ass, he wanted her to cum all over his face. Slowly he took once swollen pussy lip into his mouth and suckled the sweet juice from it. He then did the same to her other pussy lip. Back and forth he continued to tease her by sucking on her pussy lips. Finally, he couldn't resist it any longer and slid his tongue deep into her pussy. As his tongue fucked deep into her pussy, he pressed his lips around her open pussy and created a seal. He began to suckle her sweet nectar out from her pussy as his tongue worked deeper and deeper coaxing more of her nectar to be produced for him. He was drinking her pussy nectar as though it was nectar from the Gods. And to Doc, it was - it was nectar from his Goddess. 

Christina took her hand to grab Doc's hair. His teasing was getting to her. She needed his tongue on her clit. She wanted to cum. She wanted to cum all over Doc's face while he ate her clit. Doc didn't need much encouragement, as he wanted the same thing. But he loved it when Christina would guide his lips and tongue to where she wanted them most.

"Oh baby, right there. Uh huh. That's it. Eat me baby. Eat me! Make me cum for you. I need to cum baby. Uh huh. That's it. Right there."

Doc zeroed in on Christina's clit. Her clit was so excited and so swollen; it was almost like sucking a miniature cock. Damn he wanted her cum. He wanted her nectar as bad as she wanted to release it. His tongue would press flat and broad, pushing down on her clit as he slid over the hot nubbin. That was followed by repeated butterfly licks to the tip of her clit. Then he would suckle it into his mouth for more tonguing. Over and over, Doc varied his techniques driving Christina closer and closer. God she taste so damn good. He could do this for hours.

Christina was getting closer. Doc took his fingers and began to get them really wet with her juices. As he continued to eat her clit, he slipped his thumb into her pussy and began a fucking motion into her. At the same time, he slipped one, then two and finally three fingers into her ass. He was surprised at how quickly she had been able to accept all three fingers. Now he began to simultaneously finger fuck her pussy and ass while his tongue and lips concentrated on her clit. Christina allowed herself to let go and just enjoy. A soon as her mind was convinced to just let go, her passion went into over drive.

"Oh baby. Eat me. Fuck me with those fingers. Damn I'm so close. Fuck my pussy. Fuck my ass. Eat me. Oh right there lover. Right there. I'm .... I'm ... uhhhhhhh ...."

That electric knot wrapped around Christina's spine, tighter and tighter. And finally it exploded. Millions of electric sparks were shooting up and down her spine and then directly to her clit, pussy and ass. Her pussy began to convulse and flood Doc's face. The muscles in her pussy and ass clamped down hard on Doc's fingers. Doc suckled her clit as far into his lips as he could while Christina used her hand to grind his head down even tighter against her pussy. Her legs were quivering as Doc slowly removed his head from between her thighs. Doc could see her pussy still in the spasms of her orgasm. That was the invitation he was hoping to see. He could also see her ass lewdly winking at him.

Now Doc was possessed. He had to feel his cock deep in Christina. He worked up onto the bed between her thighs. Her eyes were screwed tightly shut as Christina was still rocking from her orgasm. Her eyes suddenly opened wide as se felt the head of Doc's cock work into her pussy. He saw that lust filled longing in her eyes. She wanted to feel his cock inside her as much as Doc did. 
