 Samantha didn't know what to expect. Would he show up or was she just crazy to think he was really as interested in her as he sounded online? Nothing to do but step off the plane and find out. Gathering her things, she stood in the aisle waiting for the traffic to clear, took a deep breath and finally started to ease her way off the plane and into the unknown. Even if he didn't show, she'd never been to the mountains before so maybe she could get some hiking in and have a good vacation. Landing in Salt Lake City was a thrill, seeing how high the mountains really were and how close to downtown. 

For months now, Samantha had been talking to John online and over the phone. At first, they were just friends of friends, but found they shared many common interests and so a relationship budded from these, at least at first, innocent conversations. Gradually, they opened up to each other until they were fast becoming more than simply online acquaintances. Soon they were having increasingly hot sessions on their webcams and phone sex sessions lasting most of the night. Out of the blue, he invited her to visit and bought her a plane ticket. She of course cleared her schedule for that weekend and found herself flying to meet him. 

After clearing the traffic through the airport, she proceeded to the baggage claim area, since that was the closest he could get to the gate to meet her. Coming down the escalator, she immediately saw him, waiting patiently. Her stress and fear all melted away and she ran to jump into his arms.

"Well that was exactly the greeting I was hoping for," he said as he scooped her into his arms and kissed her deeply. 

"I have no idea where anything is around here, so I'm just going to follow you."

"First place is to grab my truck, since there isn't much around the airport."

"Lead the way," she replied, grabbing his hand.

On reaching his truck, the kisses began again. First a slight touch on her lips, timidly teasing, but as she responded, it got deeper. Soon his tongue was exploring her mouth and she was softly moaning. He would bring her to the point of wanting more, then retreat and make her meet him back. This drove her wild and she could already start to feel herself getting moist. Their embrace tightened and their bodies pressed together. Without consciously doing it, the door opened to the back seat of the truck and they found themselves squeezing into the back of John's truck. Neither had steamed up the windows of a vehicle since high school, but their connection was so intense and their lust so raw, they didn't even care that not only were they in the back seat of his truck, but they were also in a public parking garage.

John's hands moved to Samantha's breasts, cupping them through her shirt. Breaking his kiss from her mouth, he moved his lips lightly to her neck. Sam began to moan loudly. John moved his hands under her shirt and felt her breasts through her lacy bra. John pinched her nipples through the lace, Sam jumped and moaned even louder. He lifted her shirt over her head kissing down her chest until he was between the two mounds. He popped her nipples out the top of the bra and brought the straps down to her arms, but left it still hooked, binding her in so he could have uninhibited contact with her chest. Her nipples were already hard as diamonds, and as soon as John started to suck on them, she screamed out in passion. John was amazed how sensitive she was but continued to explore her body. He moved his hand to her leg and and inched up her thigh, feeling her sexy thigh high silk stockings all the way up to their top. He continued moving his hand until her got to her panties. Sexy and lacy, he could feel her heat and wetness radiating through them already. He kissed her neck again, and began to rub her pussy though the material of her panties. 

Sam's head was already spinning, but this set her off again. John loved how responsive she was and delved further in his explorations. Still kissing her neck, he moved his fingers inside her panties and felt for the first time her wetness. Her lips blossomed open and her honey gushed out. John could not believe how wet she was. It felt like warm, wet, velvet. He found her clit and began to rub it. She gasped deeper and almost went over the edge yet again, but he felt her response and backed off a bit. Sliding her panties off he began to undo his own pants. 

Sam helped him, needing to see his cock and feel it inside her. As soon as his pants were far enough down, she climbed on top of him and eased it into her. She immediately began to cum again and continued to as she eased each inch into her. She paused to gather her breath again and to get accustomed to his size. While he wasn't the longest she'd ever had, he was certainly the thickest and that girth felt amazing inside her.

John could not believe how amazing she felt. Her pussy was so tight and her wetness had already soaked his lap. She obviously kept up with her kegels because she was massaging him so well he was fast approaching his release. With a final push, he hit bottom which made her go over the edge yet again. The flow from her and the rhythmic pulsing of her vaginal walls triggered John's gasping release as he emptied his seed deep inside her. 

They both needed a few minutes to calm down and return back to earth. Their releases were so intense neither had ever experienced anything similar. After they came down from their high, they quickly realized just how exposed they were.

"Let's get out of here before we get picked up for lewdness or something," John quipped. 

"You lead the way. This is my first time here."

Samantha pulled her shirt back on, but hung her panties from the rear view mirror. 

"You were so good, you deserve a trophy."

"I will display it with honor."

Leaving the airport and the traffic, John made his way to the special bed and breakfast in the mountains. He knew she liked to hike and had picked this place because it was close to some of the best trails and also because it was beautiful with spacious, luxurious, rooms. 

Sam was amazed how close the mountains were as they entered into the canyon on the way to where they were staying. The scenery was beautiful. As they wound through the mountain road, John's hand moved back down to her leg and began to creep towards her womanhood. She was still soaked from the encounter earlier and as her panties were hanging from the mirror, she was bare and open for him. He slowly swirled his finger around her clit, giving her sharp waves of pleasure. Sam started to moan. He dipped his finger inside her, so he could get some lubrication, then ran his finger all over her lips, finally finding her clit again. Sam could barely stand this renewed pleasure and began to babble incoherently until she finally slipped over the edge again with a loud scream. 

John let her come down just a little, then renewed his stroking, sending her right back over the edge again. He repeated this two more times until she begged him to stop. Grinning like a cheshire cat, he finally did and brought his hand back to massaging her thigh. 

They arrived at the bed and breakfast, got checked in and settled. The view was breathtaking out the windows, right next to the fireplace and the extra large overstuffed couch with enough room to lay out on. With the Ottoman, the couch was almost as large as the bed itself. Also, there was a jetted jacuzzi tub that was big enough for two.

"This will be fun for later," Sam said, "but first I need to freshen up a bit and slip into something more comfortable."

John just grinned and sat down on the couch. When Sam emerged from the bathroom, John just turned and stared in awe at her. She had changed into a dark purple bustier that accented her rather large breasts perfectly, that matched her skin and made her even more beautiful. And of course, the garters just took John's breath away. John had a bit of a fetish for garters and these were just amazing. She had left her panties off, and he could see her neatly trimmed landing strip of fur leading to the button of her clit and her already swelling pussy lips that already glistened with her juices. He almost hated to take it off of her. 

Sam at first thought something was wrong when John wouldn't say anything, but then quickly realized he was in awe and simply speechless. She had never been looked at with a gaze of pure lust like the one he gave her. John finally regained his senses and moved across the room to finally hold her in his arms. He kissed her deeply, searching her mouth with his tongue. He held her tight, running his hands all over he back until finally grabbing her ass and pulling her closer. He ground his already engorged cock into her and could already feel her heat. He kissed down her neck and popped her nipples out of her bustier. He kissed his way down to them. 

She immediately responded to his kisses, kissing him on the neck, driving him eve crazier than the sight of her. He ground himself into her even more, feeling her heat on him. He carried her to the bed where he laid her down and immediately began to lick her pussy. He loved her taste, like sweet peach nectar. He licked all around her lips, sucking them into his mouth, pulling them out. She had such meaty lips that just seemed to reach out and welcome him inside her. He fucked her with his tongue, sending waves of pleasure up her body. She was writhing in passion, pinching her nipples and screaming. She grabbed the back of his head and pulled him into her. John needed little encouragement and increased his attention to her clit, while sliding two fingers inside her. He found that most sensitive spot inside her and flicked his finger on it. This sent her into a thrashing orgasm that continued for a full five minutes of her gasping and screaming and soaking the sheets. John was amazed how much she released.

He turned her on her stomach and became to kiss her all over, first on her neck, then between her shoulders and then further down. He playfully bit her cute ass, nipping lightly. She jumped and giggled at this. He did it again, lower this time. Finally he worked to her asshole, licking around it. At first, it felt strange to her, but it also was one of the most amazing feelings she'd ever had. He continued to bathe her with his oral ministrations and she just kept getting more relaxed and excited. Finally she had another orgasm, but this one was different than what she'd usually had, more intense, quicker. He pulled her up onto her knees and entered her from behind. He absolutely loved how wet she was. She was completely soaked and fit like a clenched fist around him. He absolutely loved being inside her. He slowly started to thrust into her, reaching around to finger her clit at the same time. She started to thrust back into him. Soon she was meeting his thrusts with an intensity that matched her passion. Both continues to rut like animals, unable to stop until they approached their climax. John squirted what seemed a gallon on cum inside her. 

When he pulled out, it looked like a bottle was uncorked as it ran down her legs. He could not help but lick it off her, and then keep licking down to her pussy. She quickly came again, this time, she squirted her juice into his face. After this, she was just incoherent. John needed a break too, so he just snuggled in behind her. She loved just cuddling with him, that was almost as good as the sex itself, even though so far it was the best she'd ever had.

They stayed cuddled neither wanting to get up or move, just enjoying each other's feel. Eventually, they both had to get up, as with all the activity, they had worked up an appetite. John arranged dinner reservations at a small place he knew of in town that served amazing Italian food. Both pulled on clothes for dinner, John was glad to see that Sam kept the bustier on and slipped on a skirt that came just to the top of her stockings. John loved looking at her shapely legs. She was a dancer and they were sculpted and beautiful. God he could never tire of just looking at her perfect body.

They mostly behaved during dinner, enjoying the time to recharge. John suggested a nice chianti which had both of them in good spirits. After dinner, both made it back to his truck. On the way, Sam pulled her skirt up to give John a nice view of her pussy. John tried to look, but since he was driving he couldn't stare. Instead, Sam reached over and began to feel him through his pants. John immediately became hard as an iron rod. Sam unzipped his pants, and pulled out his cock. She pulled on it a few times, then leaned over and took him into her mouth. John almost lost control of his truck, but managed to stay on the road despite the distraction. Sam was an expert and quickly had him shooting his load into her mouth. She loved his taste, sweet, slightly salty, sort of like cashews. 

Soon they arrived back at the hotel. As soon as they were back in the room, Sam all but tackled John. They kissed deeply, fumbling towards the couch. Sam tore John's shirt in her haste to remove it. He was more careful, but his fingers lingered over her breasts as he pulled her shirt off. She removed his pants and underwear and then pushed him down on the couch. She needed him-right now. She straddled him and then eased herself down on his throbbing member. She loved how he seemed to fit inside her perfectly. He was the thickest she had ever had and she absolutely loved it. Within seconds of him entering her, she had her first small orgasm that lead to a series of increasingly intense orgasms. 

John grabbed her ass and ground into her. She concentrated on squeezing his cock with her vaginal muscles, fluttering them around him. John could not hold out much longer, despite having already had three orgasms today. She just had that effect on him. With one last thrust into her, he came again, filling her pussy with his seed. They both were spent and just sort of drifted off, John still inside her.

They woke gradually, John's cock had slipped out of her during the night, of course, but both were content. They decided to share a quick shower and then to take advantage of the breakfast. They hated to get dressed, but of course had no other real choice. Down at breakfast, the host greeted them warmly and seated them. Looking around, John noticed that everyone else seemed to be twenty-something newlyweds on their honeymoons. They grinned at this little fact because this just seemed to add to the kink, that everyone was fucking as much and as often as possible here and maybe they would hear someone else or vice versa. Breakfast arrived and both enjoyed their meal and the conversation. 

After breakfast, they returned to their room. They sat on the couch and just cuddled, turning on the gas fireplace and enjoying just being next to each other. Sam decided that she would see what movies were available on the television. While flipping through, she noticed that the hotel had a wide selection of adult films. Of course she couldn't pass that up and quickly settled on one that looked interesting. Both of them watched for a few minutes before they both became aroused enough that they were ready for another round. 

This time, they both wanted a leisurely interlude this time, the raw lust had worked out of their systems after yesterday. Sam pulled John's cock out of his pants and began to suck it. John was immediately in heaven as Sam expertly sucked his prick. She swirled her tongue around the head and continued to suck him, cupping his balls with her hands. John pulled her off and kissed her deeply, tasting himself on her lips. He moved her on top of him, into a 69 position. He licked into her already moistening pussy. He loved her taste, it was sweet and almost as thick as syrup, with a slight taste of peaches. She continued to suck on him, she was such a pro. He licked her clit, sending spasms through her that caused her to stop sucking him for a minute while she moaned. He absolutely loved how responsive she was. He kept up his tonguing until she cried out in ecstasy, soaking his face. 

He rolled her onto her back and began to work his cock into her wetness. She was sopping wet and he could not get enough of how she seemed to just cling to him. He slowly began to thrust into her. He kept working in and out of her, gradually building up to a steady pace. She met his thrusts and each time gasped. Their bodies seemed to be fused together. John could feel that she was getting close to a release and just stared into her eyes, watching her as she crested into a thundering orgasm. He continued to fuck her, feeling her muscles contract against him. Finally his own release neared. He picked up the pace, slamming into her with all he could muster until finally his cum gushed into her. He slowed and pulled out of her, watching their combined juices run out and pool under her. He must have unleashed a gallon of cum into her. Her well fucked pussy just kept spasming, he was amazed to just watch. 

"That was amazing!" she gasped when she finally caught her breath. 

"Yes, we seem to make quite the pair."

They both cuddled on the couch, basking in the afterglow of their coupling. He loved just holding her, she seemed to fit so perfectly together. He began to feel her breasts. Her nipples began to perk up and she just smiled at him. He kept rubbing and then pinched her nipples, one in each hand. She was starting to respond to his touch, so he started to kiss her neck, nibble the back of her ears while they spooned. She could feel his cock pressing against her back as he became hard. She loved the feeling of him pressing so close to her. She grabbed the back of his head as he kissed her neck, wanting to feel all of him. She could not help but arch her back and grind herself into him. John took the hint and reached around her and began to finger her pussy. He found her clit and started to flick it a little, making her jump. She loved his magic fingers and what they did to her. He kept up his attentions to her body, kissing her neck and back, fingering her clit and pinching her nipples. She could not get enough of this, she loved the buildup he brought her to. Sam exploded on his fingers, releasing a torrent of her cum onto his fingers. No matter how many times John brought her to climax, he was always amazed how responsive she was to him. He loved making her cum, it was a beautiful thing to watch.

She grabbed his penis and guided it into her pussy. She could never get enough of his cock inside her. It fit perfectly in her and just seemed to set her off every time. He was also the perfect length for her. Not too long that it hurt, but long enough to hit all the spots she wanted. John quickly took the hint and began to slowly move in and out of her, still continuing his embrace from behind her. He kept rubbing her clit while he slowly fucked her. His kisses on her neck and the sensations in her pussy were taking her higher than she'd been yet all weekend. Usually by now she'd be at the peak, but she just keep going further along the edge. John somehow had a sense for when she was at the edge that he could keep her there until she had no choice but to finally let go. She really loved to feel how his cock throbbed inside her, especially as he was cumming. 

John was just taking his time with her right now. This was finally a leisurely session, they had already got the pure lust out of their systems and just needed to enjoy being together. Their lovemaking continued with lots of kissing until john finally filled her yet again. The stayed connected after, kissing and touching, but not really moving for as long as possible.

They both dozed that afternoon, laying together naked on the bed. The feeling of their skin touching just felt right. Neither truly tied of just cuddling but it seemed that quickly their touch turned to desire, to arousal. Soon they were kissing again, like two teens in the back of a car, just enjoying their chance to share it. Their arms and legs intertwined, while they kissed. Soon John's hands found Sam's breasts and he was feeling them, cupping them with his hands, pinching her nipples. Sam was already wet, but this renewed attention made her wetness go to a new level. He moved his fingers down to feel her and started to rub her clit. Sam immediately had a small orgasm, which just kept going as he kept up the pressure on her bud. She just kept cumming, screaming John's name. She finally peaked, after about two minutes. She just had to have him inside her again. 
