 She watched as he came through the gate. A slight whimper escaped her lips, as she looked him over from head to toe. Licking her lips, she stepped forward into his line of vision.

"Hi."

"Hey." 

Their eyes met as he pulled her into his embrace. He lowered his head and kissed her full slightly parted lips. His tongue traced around her lips before sliding between the small opening. She wrapped her arms more fully around his waist and deepened the kiss. Her tongue sliding along his. His hands moved up and down her back before finally cupping her butt. She moaned into his mouth.

Someone coughed and they jumped apart. She looked up at him smiling shyly and blushing. He stared at her and licked his lips. He grabbed her hand and pulled her away from the gate.

"Did you check any bags?"

"No. Let's go."

She led him outside to the car and waited for him to climb in. Pulling out of the parking space and driving toward the exit. She reached up and paid the fee while his hand found a home on her thigh. She looked over at him and said nothing as she pulled out into traffic. She began to tremble in silence as they drove to the hotel. His big hand massaged and stroked her thigh. She was sure he could smell her arousal. When they reached the hotel, he pulled his bag from the back seat and she went inside. He caught her at the elevator. As they stood waiting, he enveloped her in a hug from behind and pressed his hard dick into her ass. She almost melted into a puddle. They stepped inside the elevator and he pinned her to wall. He stood there pressing his hardness into her and staring into her eyes. Her breathing became shallow and she was nevermore glad to hear the ding as the elevator reached their floor.

She opened the door and let him precede him into the room. She smiled as she heard him laugh, knowing what met his eyes when he entered. Candles, softly scented, were placed strategically around the room to cast a shadow on the bed. A bottle of white zinfandel chilled in a bucket on the table with two glasses waiting to be filled. The covers were pulled back on the bed and a fire and ice rose lay atop one pillow. He turned and pulled her inside the room. He backed her against the door, while picking up where they left off kissing in the airport.

She broke away from him. Giggling, she blew him a kiss and went into the bathroom. He undressed and stretched out on the bed. He looked up as he heard the soft strains of a soprano sax. She returned to the bed and kneeling beside him whispered, "for this weekend I am yours. Whatever your wishes, let me fulfill them. Whatever your desires, let me ignite them. Let me be the food that feeds your hunger."

He gazed at her. Smiling slowly, he pulled her down to him and kissed her breasts. His hands molded the full globes of soft flesh. He brought one to his mouth and suckled as if he were a babe, while is other hand massaged and teased the nipple of the other. He pushed her back onto the bed and leaned over her. His hand traveled across her abdomen and down to cup the warm softness that marked her as a woman. His index finger slid between the moist folds as his tongue circled and pulled at her nipple. 


An animalistic moan escaped her parted lips as she cradled his head to her breasts. He leaned over and whispered, "Remember you are my feast."

His mouth nibbled and licked down her neck and shoulders, over her breasts and to her stomach. He stopped and moved so that he could kneel between her legs. Looking into her eyes, he bowed and kissed both hips. She watched as his head moved to the juncture of her thighs. She lifted her hips anticipating his move. He growled and she heard an audible sniff. "I do so love the aroma of a pussy wet and craving me."

He leaned more and kissed her inner thigh. Coming back to her center, he lay his cheek on the downy hairs and rubbed it back and forth. Turning his head, he blew lightly across her lips before kissing her there. She reached for him and he pushed her hands away. He brought his hands up and parted her dewy lips. He blew lightly across her clit before taking it between his lips and sucking. She whimpered and he drew away. As she whispered his name, his tongue peeked between his lips and stroked her clit. Her hips bucked. He stroked her thighs to calm her down before settling down to what he craved.

He licked and nibbled her pussy as if worshipping. His fingers slid in and out of her as his tongue teased and pulled at her clit. He licked her thoroughly, not missing a drop. He wet his finger her pussy and pressed it between her cheeks repeatedly until her ass gave him entrance. Her legs began to tremble as she came over and over. He never stopped. The more she came the more he licked and sucked. Her moans became hoarse whispers begging him to stop. He began to pull away and she pulled at his hair leading him back to her. When she was too weak to do more than mumble his name, he lay his cheek on her thigh and kissed her pussy. Rubbing her abdomen, he waited for her to calm down. When the trembling stopped, he moved up to lay beside her and pulled her into his arms. 

"I am not done. I'm going to have some wine. Then I will be back to let you feel me inside you. Tell me you don't want to feel my hard dick stroking your pussy. Let me hear you say you don't want me inside you."

Taking her silence for acquiescence, he got up, poured a glass of wine and watched her sleep. A wicked smile crossed his lips while he plotted how to end her nap.