 I had been home from the conference for over a week and things with Jessica were going well. We snuck every opportunity we had to be together. This was the most fun I'd had in a long time. I recently hired on another girl to work for Jessica as an aide. With all of Jessica's responsibilities I knew she would appreciate the extra help. Today was her first day and I was anxious to introduce her to Jessica.

Laura is a beautiful girl. She is tall with long dark brown hair. She's in her mid-thirties and single. She wears dark rimmed glasses and is so incredibly sexy in the way she carries herself. When I saw her I wasn't drawn to her like I was with Jessica; however, I did have some great thoughts about her potential with Jessica and me. 

Laura walked into my office and I started the tour. Last stop was at Jessica's office. 

"Jessica, this is Laura."

"Laura, it's wonderful to meet you. I look forward to working with you."

"Thank you so much. It's a privilege to work at such a prestigious firm." 

"Well, let's get started! Thank you, Aiden for giving Laura the tour."

I left the ladies alone to get to work but my brain was working overtime trying to figure out how to get the three of us together in one bed. That has got to be my biggest fantasy and it seemed like Laura walked in at just the right time.

Jessica and I were meeting up for dinner after work and I planned to bring up the topic. I knew Jessica was open but I wasn't sure how she would feel about it. I couldn't stop thinking about this. I was becoming obsessed. 

We arrived at the restaurant and sat in the corner booth. The lights were dim. It was an intimate setting. Jessica looked incredible as always. She had on a straight black skirt with black heels and a white see through sweater. I could see her lacy cream bra through her sweater. It was sexy as hell. She knows how to dress and drive men crazy. The men in the office lust after her on a daily basis. I hear a lot of comments.

"How did your training go today?"

"Laura, is a smart girl. I really like her. We got along great! Thanks for bringing her on. I think she'll be quite the asset."

"I knew you'd like her. I know this might be kind of forward and out of the blue but there is something on my mind that I want to talk to you about."

"Anything, Aiden. What is it?"

"Do you find Laura attractive?"

"She is a very pretty girl, yes."

"I couldn't help but think of getting to know her better and bringing her into our bed. Would you be opposed to something like that?"

"Aiden, you know I've always been open to being with another woman especially with you. I would be all for it. I think Laura and I would get along very well. But that's going to take some time to build a relationship with her and see if she would even consider doing that."

"It's a risk I'm willing to take and I'm willing to wait it out to see if it will work. When I interviewed her I noticed a lot of similarities between the two of you. She seems very in tune with her sexuality and I think we need to investigate that further."

"I'm in."

We finished our dinner and went back to my truck. I drove back to the office and parked next to Jessica's car in the parking garage. I leaned in to kiss Jessica. 

"Wanna fuck in the backseat?" 

Jessica climbed back and tapped the seat waiting on me. I eagerly joined her. She hiked up her skirt and I pulled down my pants. I slid in so easily. She was so hot and wet. I kissed her some more. If there was one thing I know about Jessica is that she loves to kiss while making love. She passionately kissed me and raised her hips to let me in all the way. I lifted her legs straight up; her feet were by my ears. I kissed Jessica's feet as I continued to slide in and out of her tight pussy. I saw her starting to stimulate her clit as I pounded her pussy. I could feel her pussy tightening as she was getting ready to cum. I was ready too. We climaxed together and Jessica moved from under me and told me to lay down. She lowered her head down to my cock and started to lick me. She licked all of me. I was starting to get aroused again. 

"Do you realize no one has the power to arouse me more than once like you do?"

"Well, let's see how many times I can arouse you," she said slyly. 

She put my cock in her mouth and started sucking slowly. I was still sensitive but I just let her do it. It felt way too good to say no. She knows what she's doing when it comes to sucking a guy off. I hardened up rather quickly and it didn't take long to explode again. She swallowed all of it. I was in a state of euphoria. She looked up at me with a big grin. 

"I'll give you a minute to recover."

"You think you can make me hard again?"

"I don't think, I know, Aiden."

We laughed and she laid her head down on my stomach. I caressed her hair and shoulders. Many guys may not like this part of sex but I can't get enough. 

"I'd like to try something, Aiden."

"Is it going to hurt me?" I laughed.

"No, it's going to be amazing."

"Ok, I trust you."

She got up and sat on my face and leaned forward and put my dick in her mouth. 

"Wanna 69?"

"Fuck, yes!"

Jessica was so wet; I kept licking her juices and sticking my tongue in and out of her pussy. She moaned as her mouth was full of me. We both went at each other like animals. I couldn't believe I was hard again. This all was so hot and fucking sexy I couldn't stand it. I kept licking harder and faster. Jessica moved her hips up and down fucking my face. I held on to her hips to bring her in closer to me. She came all over my face and I licked her up. She continued to work my dick like a lollipop. Round and round, in and out. She gently squeezed my balls and that was it. I came hard and again she swallowed every drop. Damn! How did I get so lucky?

"I'm exhausted!"

"I am too. Whew, that was unbelievable! I've never cum so many times."

"Never doubt my power, Aiden."

She turned around and kissed me. I was so mellow and utterly satisfied. It was time to go home but my brain was still daydreaming. Now, it was my mission to figure out how to get Laura on board.