 Dan stared at his new girlfriend with a perplexed, amazed look on his face. "You what?" he asked.

"Dan, I want you to come home with me this weekend and meet my parents," Anne laughed in reply. "I'm not asking you to marry me or anything, sheesh!" Anne and Dan were both juniors at the local university in this western Massachusetts town, and had known each other for only about 2 months. But during that time, the two of them had become very close, quickly moving from acquaintances to friends to lovers. The speed of their relationship was fine with both of them because neither had ever felt so comfortable around another human being before in their lives. Dan was an average college guy, with average looks, 5'7" and 135 pounds, dark black hair and green eyes. Anne was a beautiful young woman; 5'5" slim build with long blonde hair that cascaded down to her waist and bright, baby blue eyes. The two had experienced so much love and fun since they knew each other, when Anne decided to travel back home this weekend, it seemed logical to take Dan with her.

"Are you sure, Anne?" Dan questioned. "I mean, we've only been dating for a few weeks. Do you really think we're at that point to be going home together for the weekend?"

"Come on, Dan," Anne said. "We both know that we love each other and it doesn't matter how long we've dated. I'm homesick and I want to see my folks. I want to play with my baby brother. And I want you to come with me." Anne wrapped her arms around Dan's waist and rested her head on his chest. "What? Do you think my parents wouldn't like you?"

"It's not that, Anne. I'm just nervous. I have never been any good around the parents of my girlfriends. Always saying the wrong things and stuff." Anne raised her head and kissed Dan lovingly on the lips. "You'll do fine, Daniel. My parents will love you like I do."

So, when Friday afternoon classes were over, Dan and Anne drove out to Vermont to meet the parents. Dan was from Jersey City and when he came to Massachusetts almost 3 years ago, he was amazed at the beauty of the scenery. But, as he drove through the wooded hills and glens of Vermont, he felt even more amazed. "I can't believe how beautiful it looks out here, Anne. All the trees changing colors and stuff." Dan smiled as he tried to keep his eyes on the road and the background. "Yep, it's so peaceful up here, Dan," Anne sighed and leaned her head against the window, gazing out with loving looks at her hometown. "Up here's the driveway, slow down," Anne said, pointing to a turn-off in the road that led about a mile back from the road into a small wooded clearing. Dan parked the car in front of a ranch-style house, with a basketball net out front and a wooden deck that overlooked a small stream out back. 

Almost immediately 3 figures came running out of the house. Anne's father, Jim, was a giant of a man standing over 6'1" with short brown hair and large brown eyes. Her little brother Joey, even at age 7, looked to be taking after his father. While, on the other hand, Anne's mother Monica was just an older version of the daughter. Monica at 40 looked just like Anne did at 21, with shorter blonde hair and the same bright blue eyes. Anne and her family exchanged hugs and kisses, then Anne turned to Dan and smiled. 

"Mom, Dad, Joey, this is my boyfriend Dan." Jim extended a large beefy hand towards Dan. 

"Glad to meet you son, Anne has told us so much about you." Dan smiled and shook hands, then exchanged a kiss on the cheek with Monica. 

"Yes Dan, Anne can't seem to stop raving about you during our weekly phone calls. I must say, she sure knows how to pick'em," Monica smiled looking Dan up and down appraisingly. "Mom, stop making Dan nervous," Anne laughed. "Let's head inside and eat, I'm starved." Dan agreed and they all entered the house, spending the next many hours eating and talking and laughing. After a while, Dan finally looked at his watch amazed. 

"Wow, it's already 2am." Jim grinned, finishing his beer. "Yeah, time goes by fast when you're having fun." Turning to his wife, Jim said, "Come on honey, let's get some sleep. Maybe tomorrow if the kids don't sleep too late we can go hiking and show Dan the scenery." Monica gave a sidelong gaze to Dan and smiled. "Yeah, I'm sure Dan would like a guided tour of the scenery."

With that, Jim and Monica went upstairs, leaving Anne and Dan alone. "Well," Dan said rising from his chair, "I guess you'd better get me a pillow and blanket for the couch."

"Dan, my parents don't mind if we stay in the same room together, they already figured out that boyfriends sleep with their girlfriends," Anne laughed, taking Dan by his hand a leading him upstairs to her bedroom. After changing into his boxers and a t-shirt, Dan climbed into bed with Anne, who was wearing an oversized t-shirt of her own. Anne snuggled up next to Dan, resting her head on his shoulder. "I'm glad you came home with me Daniel. See, I told you my parents would like you." 

Dan held Anne tightly against his body, kissing her forehead. "You were right, as always. I am glad I came home with you." Anne grasped Dan's hands in her own and looked deeply into his eyes, leaning over and kissing him. She slipped her tongue into his mouth seeking his in a playful fashion. "Mmmm," Dan moaned into her kiss, wrapping his arms around her body, deepening their embrace. 

Dan's hands slowly slid down Anne's back, resting on her soft ass, squeezing gently. Anne's tongue went wild as she sucked Dan's into her mouth, her hands gripping his hair tightly. Dan's hands left his lover's ass and ran across her thighs, eventually sliding up her shirt and grazing Anne's wet pussy. "Oh Dan," Anne groaned softly, kissing his shoulders as Dan's mouth hungrily sucked on her earlobe and neck. Dan's fingers slowly started moving into Anne's pussy, when she grabbed his hand and stopped it. Looking into Dan's eyes she spoke. 

"Tonight is for you Daniel. Tonight is all about you." With that Anne slid down Dan's body and slowly removed his boxers, revealing his hard 6" cock. Anne slowly ran her hands along his hard shaft, stroking it and massaging his large balls. "Oh God...Anne...Ohhh," Dan moaned as Anne bent her head, taking the head of Dan's cock into her mouth. She started stroking it faster now, as her tongue licked across the head tasting Dan's pre-cum as it seeped from his cock. "Mmmmm," Anne moaned around his cockhead, and excitedly took his cock deep into her mouth. Moving it in and out of her warm, wet mouth slowly, Anne then took the entire length down, letting Dan feel her throat on the head of his cock. Taking it in her mouth and closing her lips tight, Anne pulled back slowly. "Shit Anne...Ahhhhh," Dan cried out, feeling his balls begin to tighten as Anne's sucking coaxed more cum from his cock. 

Then Anne stopped and smiled, letting Dan's throbbing cock slip from her mouth. "Anne!" Dan exclaimed. "I was slow close baby! So close!" Anne grinned and came up to a kneeling position, slipping her t-shirt over her head, revealing her large 33c breasts and shaved pussy. 

"I was hoping for this moment tonight when we left school this afternoon," Anne said softly, running her hands along her tits and fondling them. "Let me turn around and you can slide that throbbing cock up into me from behind." With that, Anne turned and lowered herself onto all fours, her round ass hanging and swaying seductively in the air. Dan got up and knelt behind Anne, as she reached behind, grasping his cock and rubbing it along her wet pussy. Anne then pushed back slightly and Dan pushed forward, his cock penetrating deep into Anne's pussy.

"Ohhhhh Daniel," Anne cried out as she felt the greatest thrill of her life as Dan pushed his cock deep inside her. Dan pulled back until his cock was almost fully out of Anne's pussy, then thrust forward, shoving it back inside her. "Mmmm...ohhhh yeahhhh...Dan...mmmm," Anne cried out, as she began to grind against Dan's pelvis, pushing her pussy up and down on his cock. 

Dan grabbed onto Anne's ass and began to pick up pace, shoving his cock into Anne, his balls slapping hard against her ass. "Dannnnnnnnnn...I'mmmmmm cuuuuuuuummmingggg," Anne groaned, burying her face in her pillow to stifle her moans of pleasure as an orgasm rocked her body. Anne quickly recovered, and brought herself up onto her hands once more. She was slamming her body back against Dan's thrusting hips, grinding and pushing against his cock. The faster they moved, the harder Dan fucked, and the deeper his cock went. Dan reached around Anne's waist and his hand found her rock hard clit. Playing with it between his fingers like it was a toy, Dan made sure Anne was ready to cum again. 

Anne couldn't control herself any longer, and she fell forward grabbing her tits and squeezing them roughly as another orgasm shook her form.

"MMMMMMMMMMmmmmmmmm," she cried out so loudly, then instinctively buried her face once more in her pillow, as Dan's cock throbbed inside her.

"Anne...yessssssssssss...YESSSSS..." Dan moaned and Anne felt his cock shoot it's hot juices deep inside her. Pushing back against his shooting cock, Anne felt Dan's prick shoot little spurts of cum inside her pussy. Falling forward together, they laid like that for a few minutes, Dan's softening cock falling free from Anne's pussy with an audible plop.

"Wow," Dan moaned, rolling off on Anne and onto his back. "That was fucking incredible Anne!" Anne wrapped her naked, sweaty body around Dan's form and sucked in his nipple. "Mmmm, it was more than incredible Dan." Dan held her tightly and said in a concerned voice. "I was kind of loud at the end Anne. Do you think your parents heard us?"

"I hope not," Anne replied. "I tried to bury my face in my pillow when I came, but I don't think that really helped." Dan kissed her lightly on the cheek. "Well, I guess we'll see tomorrow." Then they both fell asleep in each other's arms.

Dan awoke the next day feeling nothing but refreshed. He noticed that it was already 11am and that Anne was gone from bed. He stared at the ceiling and smiled, remembering last night. He was sure glad he came home with Anne this weekend. They had never had sex like that before, so intense and so hot. Dan just attributed it to the fact that her parents were right down the hall, and that the fear of being caught made it more exciting. Rising from bed, Dan took a quick shower, changed into a pair of jeans and a t-shirt, and went downstairs. Dan saw an empty kitchen, living room, in fact an empty house. He was starting to get a little worried when the back door opened and Anne's mother Monica entered, carrying a basket of laundry.

"Good morning sunshine," she smiled at Dan, putting the laundry basket on the kitchen table. "You certainly slept late this morning. Must be a college thing huh?" Dan laughed in reply. "Yeah, I guess the trip up here wore me out." Monica grinned, as she turned to walk out the back door again. "I'm sure that was all that wore you out yesterday, Daniel." Dan, a little worried about the fear of discovery of Anne and his sexual desires last night, followed. Dan followed Monica out onto the back patio and felt so refreshed. The cool air felt wonderful on his skin, waking him up instantly. "So," he began, "where is everyone this morning?" 

Monica turned and gave Dan another grin. "They got sick of waiting for you and Jim took Anne and Joey fishing. They should be back in a few hours." Dan sighed, a little upset that he had missed the trip. "Damn, I was looking forward to hiking today. This area seems to be so peaceful and beautiful." Monica grabbed Dan by the hand and smiled. "Well, I can take you on a tour if you'd like." Dan looked up at the shining sun and the flowing stream a few yards away and agreed.

For about an hour, Monica took Dan around the area of the house, mostly walking along the stream. Monica was wearing a floral-patterned sundress that went a little past her full, round ass, and showed off her wonderful 32c breasts. Dan immediately took notice of this fact and had been trying to clear it from his mind the whole time. Stopping about a mile from the house, Monica suddenly removed her shoes and splashed into the stream.

"Come on in here Daniel, this cool water feels more refreshing than the air." Dan laughed and declined. "I don't think so ma'am, I'm not the stream type." Pretty lame excuse, but Dan had to come up with something. His cock was rock hard from spending the afternoon looking at Anne's mom's big tits and round ass. He couldn't...he shouldn't be thinking that way about his girlfriend's mother. But, as if reading his mind...or the front of his pants...Monica wouldn't let him walk away that easily. "What, are you too shy to come in here with your girl's old mother?"

"Monica," Dan said amazed, "you are not old." Monica laughed and bent down splashing Dan. "So, now it's Monica, huh?" Dan reeled back, getting wet and stammered. "I...didn't mean that...I" Monica gave a loud laugh in reply. "Dan, it's fine. You certainly can call me Monica. Now loosen up a little and come on in. It only goes up to your shins at this part."

Dan smiled and made a decision that would forever change his life. He took off his shoes and rolled up his jeans and entered the stream. He gasped as the cold water touched his skin. "Wow, it sure is a lot cooler in here than it is in the air." Monica smiled and playfully splashed Dan again. Dan kicked some water back and soon the two laughing and giggling like children. Finally, Monica moved closer to Dan. "Still cold Daniel?" she asked. Dan, swallowed hard and nodded. Monica silently made her own life-changing decision and said, "Well maybe we had better warm you up."

Monica wrapped her arms around Dan's waist and kissed him. For both of them, they knew there was no going back. Monica took the initiative and slipped her tongue into Dan's opened mouth. Dan, nervous and stiff at first, quickly loosened up and returned the kiss. He wrapped his arms around Monica's waist and pulled her tightly against his body. "Mmmm," Monica groaned as she felt Dan's hard cock press against her pelvis. Monica's hands ran down Dan's back and gripped his ass, pulling his pelvis hard against hers. They began to grind up against each other's bodies, Dan's hands kneading Monica's full ass. Dan kissed his way along Monica's neck and shoulders, his teeth pulling away the thin straps of her sundress. Monica reached up and pulled her dress over her head, tossing it to the sand away from the water. Dan looked his girlfriend's mother up and down, taking in her mature beauty. He smiled as he saw that Monica too had a shaved pussy. 

"Take your jeans off for me Daniel," Monica ordered in a seductive voice, her hands fondling her large breasts. "I want to see what my daughter has been getting." Dan quickly pulled off his jeans and boxers, tossing them on top of Monica's discarded dress. Dan came back to Monica, and bent his head forward sucking one of her large nipples into his mouth. "Ohhh Daniel," Monica cooed, " I love to have my tits sucked. They are sooooo sensitive." Dan gently bit down on her nipple, rolling the other one between his fingers and thumb. Dan's hands fondled the flesh of Monica's breasts as he sucked them for a long time. All the while, Monica's hand had crept down and was slowly stroking Dan's hard cock.

"Mmmmm, Daniel did you do this to my daughter last night?" Monica asked in between groans, pulling Dan's head harder against her tits. "Uhhhh huhhhh," Dan moaned, his mouth sucking on her nipples, his tongue flicking them. Dan reached his hand down between Monica's legs and found her wet pussy. Pulling away, Dan knelt down in the water, and gently blew a cold breath on Monica's pussy. "Ohhhhhhhhh," Monica moaned and Dan smiled. Looking up at his lover, Dan grinned, "Does every 40 year old have a pussy this beautiful?"

Monica groaned in reply, her hands grasping Dan's hair and pulling his face hard against her wet pussy. Dan's tongue snaked out and licked this wonderful, wet, sweet-smelling pussy before him, and Monica let out a purr upon contact. "Ohhhhhh...ahhhhhhh," she moaned as Dan's three fingers slid up inside her pussy, and rotated in and out. Monica began to grind her pussy against Dan's face, her hands holding him hard against her. "Yesssss Daniel...make me cuummmmmmmm babbbbbyyyyy!" Monica cried out as Dan's tongue found her clit and began flicking it like a nipple. Monica's hands released Dan's head and moved to pull and pinch her nipples hard.

"YESSSSSSSSSS...MMMMMMMMMMMMM...DANIELLLLLLLLLLL!!" Monica screamed like the devil and her entire body spasmed once, then stiffened as her pussy leaked out her orgasm. Then she sank slowly down onto her back and into the water, her arms arching her back up on an angle.

Dan kissed her half-submerged stomach and up to her tits, sucking each nipple once, then kissed her lips. Monica's tongue licked her juices from Dan's chin and lips, as Dan grasped his rock-hard cock and slowly slipped it inside Monica's loose pussy. "Ohhhhh yessssssss," they both moaned in unison, the feeling of the cold water on their naked cock and pussy felt incredible. 

Dan placed his hands in the water on the sides of Monica's body, as she wrapped her own hands tightly around his neck. "Do it, Daniel," she whispered, looking into his eyes. "Fuck me like you did Anne last night." This drove Dan crazy and he thrust his cock forward, driving it in one motion fully into Monica's pussy. "OHHHHHHHHH SHIT! YESSSSSSSSS," she screamed as a fresh orgasm took over her. Dan began slamming his cock in and out of girlfriend's mother with reckless abandon. As hard as he could fuck, Dan fucked harder as Monica encouraged him on. "MMMMM...FUCK ME DANIEL...FUCK ME HARD MY BABY...MMM...AHHHHHHHHH." The water slapped against their bodies loudly as Dan plowed Monica's pussy in and out with almost brutal ferocity. Dan lowered his head and bit one of Monica's nipple hard, as his full balls slammed against her ass.

"OHHHHHHHHH YESSSSSSS," Monica cried, clawing at Dan's back, her legs locked in place around his ass, pushing him into her harder and harder. "OHHHHH MONICA," Dan yelled, "I'MMMMMM CCCUUUMMIINNNGGG!" Dan gave one final slam and held his cock inside Monica as his cum pumped and pumped inside of her pussy. "YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS," Monica screamed wrapping her arms and legs tightly around Dan's body, loving the feeling of this young man's hard cock pumping his cum inside of her.

Afterwards, Dan and Monica got dressed and walked hand in hand back to the house. They had beaten everyone back by only a few minutes. Anne walked over to Dan, kissing him playfully on the lips. "Did you have fun all day, sleepy-head?" Dan smiled. "I sure did, didn't do much, but I had fun." The rest of the day flew by and soon Sunday morning was here and Dan and Anne returned to school. Before he left, Dan got Monica alone and kissed her passionately on the lips, his hands fondling her breasts. "Come back and visit soon Daniel," Monica smiled, rubbing Dan's cock through his jeans. "And don't worry about anything, Daniel, no one will ever find out." 

In the following months, Dan returned home with Anne whenever he could. He and Monica made love several times during those visits and no one ever knew. However, Dan and Anne eventually fell deeper in love than they already had been, and after college, 1 year later, the two got married. Dan and Anne live happily in Washington State and have a daughter of their own. Dan and Monica are still very close, but have decided that their sexual relationship must be stopped to spare their loved ones any pain. But, they still look back fondly on those weekend homecomings with Anne.