 AUTHORS NOTE:

I have written about my affair with my administrative assistant in other Literotica submissions. Many under different titles. This next series include encounters not mentioned in the previous stories, although they all occur in the same places.

*****

PRELUDE

We were both naked in my office, something we had never done until that day. Cathleen, my administrative assistant, was spread out on her back on top of the small conference table in my office. She looked sexy and ravishing in her nakedness with the cute tuft of blonde hair just above her vagina. I approached her with my cock at full mast and sticking out away from my pubes.

Her legs were raised slightly with her knees bent as she welcomed me into her womb. Moving close to the table, the soft mushroom head brushed against her vulva. I moved it around several times teasing her before I entered her. Unable to delay the act any longer, I pressed forward and my 7" cock slid easily into her sopping wet pussy. 

There was no rush as we were the only ones in the office that day which is why we were comfortable being completely naked. We had had sex many times over the past four years in my office, one of our cars, hotel rooms and our favorite, a romantic interlude. She gasped as my cock filled her pussy and slid along her clit. I moved in and out slowly as she liked, making sure I was in constant contact with that hard nub that brought her so much pleasure.

Looking down at her, I once again appreciated her fitness. She had small breasts, a narrow waist, flat tummy, shapely athletic legs and a very curvy ass. Of course, her ass was not visible but I recalled the lovely shape as I had been in it many times. I would also be in it again that day before we were done. Cathleen was not a beautiful woman but at age 36 she was very alluring and not sore to the eye. 

With my cock sliding along her clit and filling her pussy, she orgasmed quickly but I knew that she would cum again in short order. I continued to fuck her slowly and I watched the expression of lust on her face. My cock was swimming in her pussy as a result of the first orgasm but the second one drove her wild. She cried out that she was cumming again and begged me to hold her. I leaned over and held her to me as her body shook and trembled with the intensity of her climax.

Her face was buried in my shoulder and I felt her juices surrounding my shaft. She had cum twice but we were just getting started. As she slowly recovered from the body draining orgasm, I lowered her back to the table. Looking into her eyes I could see the result of the pleasure I had brought her. 

HOURS EARLIER

I woke up on a Saturday morning in July 1985 before my 7:00 AM alarm went off and heard the patter of the steady rain. It had rained all night and it was still raining. I got up, showered and got dressed before I called Bob to tell him I wasn't going to golf that day. If I was playing golf and it began to rain, I would finish the round but I didn't start a round in the rain. 

"Bob, hi it's Walt. Listen I'm not going to play today so I won't be driving out to the club."

"No problem Walt, I'm not playing either. The grounds are soaked and I'd be surprised if the course stays open. I'll call Troy and Frank and let them know."

"Okay, I'll see you next week then."

"Right, have a good one."

I hung up and decided to go into the office. There were some administrative things I could catch up on and I had a report that I needed to read. Since I was already showered and dressed, I headed for the office. First, I would stop at my favorite bakery and pick up a muffin and latte. It was almost 9:00 AM when I arrived at the office.

The office complex had three buildings. The Executive offices, the data center and IT building and the building that housed Graphic Arts and Marketing. I parked in my space in front of the Executive office building, threw my raincoat over my shoulders and moved quickly from my car to the front door. I had a key as did all executives to the building. Once inside, I hung up my raincoat in my office, placed the coffee on my desk, returned to the main entrance and locked the front door.

Minutes later while sitting at my desk enjoying the latte, my phone rang and startled me. I was not expecting anyone to call. I answered the phone identifying myself. 

"Good morning, I thought I might find you at the office."

"Hi Cathleen, what's up?"

"I called you at home thinking that your golf game might be cancelled. When you didn't answer I hoped you were at the office."

"Guilty, what's on your mind?"

"I'm going to come to the office too."

"Really, where's Jerry?"

"That bastard did not come home last night and he still isn't home. I'll tell you more when I see you."

"Okay, I'll see you in about an hour. I'll leave the front door open."

We hung up and I knew that she was really pissed. She suspected her husband Jerry of banging a girl in his office. The worst part was that the girl was not pretty at all and overweight to boot. I couldn't imagine Jerry banging that another chick instead of his wife who was a super fine piece of ass. I knew since we had been having an affair for four years. 

Cathleen was not as pretty as other women I had had sex with but she was by far the best in the sack. She was fit and she did it all. She gave great head, was a superb fuck and she took it in her ass. It was everything a guy could hope for, at least what I did. It was a bit hypocritical that she would be mad at her husband when she was fucking me. 

I decided to get as much admin work done as I could before she arrived as I suspected that I would not get much done after that. I could bring the report home later to read so I focused on the stack of mail. I also made a pot of coffee for us. I had gotten most of the paperwork done when I heard her enter the building and call out to me. Greeting her at the front door, I made sure to lock it again.

Cathleen hung up her coat and joined me in my office. My office was furnished with a desk, credenza, executive chair, a small round conference table with four chairs and two upholstered chairs with a table and lamp between them. She was dressed in pullover top and slacks that morning. We sat at the conference table and I got her a cup of coffee and refreshed mine. She took a sip of coffee and then let loose.

"I can't believe he did that to me. We had dinner plans and he never came home. I know that he was with that fat tramp again."

"Cathleen, I understand why your upset but we are fucking around too."

"I know that but we have always been discreet. No one else knows about us and I have never fucked up any plans Jerry and I had made. He doesn't even care that I know that he's fucking her."

"I do have to admit that I don't get that at all. You are an attractive woman and a fantastic lover. It makes no sense to ignore you in favor of her. I don't think I could get an erection with that girl."

Cathleen smiled and replied in a soft sensuous tone, "But you have no problem getting hard for me, do you?"

"You know that I don't. The sex we have is exciting."

She stood up and walked around behind me letting her hand caress my shoulders from one end to the other. Her fingers danced down my arm and then she dropped to her knees in front of me. Looking up with that mischievous grin on her face, she reached for my fly and unzipped it. Next, she unbuckled my belt and unfasted my pants. Taking a hold of the waist band, she tugged my pants and underwear down. I lifted my hips to facilitate her and she pulled them down to my knees. 

My cock was semi-erect and getting harder. She took it in her hand and beginning at the base, she ran her tongue up the length of it. She did that several times and soon my dick was as hard as a steel pipe. She then swirled her tongue around the soft spongy mushroom head and tickled the pee slit in the process. She liked torturing me and making a game out of her oral skills, Finally, she covered my cock with her mouth and took as much as she could without gagging. Her head began to bob up and down and she played with my testicles and rubbed the perineum. She always got turned on sucking cock and would need me to eat her pussy or fuck her.

"I'm getting hot. I need your dick in me. There is no one here today, let's get naked."

Even with the Executive offices empty, I was still a bit nervous about being completely naked. We had had sex many times in the office but always partially clothed. Usually my pants and underwear were down around my ankles when she blew me or I fucked her. When we did fuck, she had her panties off with her skirt pushed up to her waist. However, that day was the perfect time to go for it. I kicked off my shoes and removed my pants and underwear. I closed and locked my office door, just in case some other executive decided to come into the building that rainy day.

I removed my sport shirt and socks as Cathleen undressed quickly. She always looked good naked as she was so fit, from all her hours of aerobics. I also kept myself in good shape and at 6'1" weighed a fit 190 pounds. She took my raincoat off the hanger and spread it over the conference table and then she got on her back and beckoned me to her. I leaned in to eat her pussy which I had done countless times but she took my head and held it away from her quim.

"I am so close. I want you in me and I want you to keep fucking me after I cum the first time."

I moved between her legs that were raised with her knees slightly bent. Lining up my cock with her pussy, I pushed in slowly. I filled her womb and she let out an audible sigh. She was sopping wet and obviously turned on. I leaned in keeping my hands on either side of her and began fucking her methodically making sure that my shaft ran along her clit. No words were spoken and only her sounds of pleasure broke the silence.

"Ugh, ah, ooh, ah," she muttered with each thrust.

Looking at her expression I could see that she was getting close and seconds later she exploded with her first orgasm. She covered her mouth with the crook of her arm to drown out any cries of pleasure. Cathleen was always very vocal when she orgasmed and when in the office she muffled her outcry. I kept right on moving in her and still kept my cock in contact with that hard-little jewel.

"That's it, keep fucking me. Oh, this is so good!"

I knew that I was not going to cum in her pussy but I wanted her to orgasm again as she desired. The second one hit her sooner than either of us expected and it was incredibly intense. Her face was a giveaway as a distorted expression appeared and I knew her orgasm was imminent. Her eyes widened and she reached for me pulling her upper body toward me.

"Oh God, oh, oh." she uttered and then pleaded, "Hold me, I'm cumming."

I pulled her tightly to me and she buried her face in my shoulder stifling any other sounds or words. Her entire body shook with the intensity of her climax. I held the shivering form for several minutes until tremors ceased and I eased her back down on the conference table. My cock was still in her but neither of us moved. She slowly recovered, smiled at me and whispered.

"You are a great lover. You always please me. Before I left home this morning, I douched my ass and pussy for you." 

"Did you and did you expect my tongue to be active there?"

"I didn't know but I wanted to be clean for you."

"I think it is time that I took that sweet ass of yours."

I had Cathleen kneel on one of the side chairs, leaning over the back of it with her arms on the conference table. Then I thought of the hard surface so I took a cushion from the upholstered chair for her to lean on. Going to my desk I removed the lubricant and paper towels that I kept there. I would lube and fuck her ass all in good time but first I would rim that beautiful bottom.

Kneeling down behind her, I caressed her shapely flawless buttocks and felt the goose bumps rise on her smooth skin. Gently prying her cheeks apart, I stared at the small entrance protected by the taut rubbery ring. As I looked at the tiny opening, I wondered again how my cock could go in so easy. Leaning in I let my tongue dance against the pink anus. She had been careful to douche with a fragrant solution for my benefit. Rimming her for several minutes had her twisting and turning and soon begging me to fuck her ass.

I then lubricated the nether hole and had two fingers moving easily in her rectum. It was time so I stood up and eased my cock into her receptive ass. As always there was the brief resistance at the anus but it quickly opened up and allowed the penetration. Her sphincter seemed to grab a hold of my shaft and suck it into her bottom. In and out I moved slowly as I watched and caressed the curvy buttocks. I loved her ass and I loved anal sex with her more than anything else. I was fortunate that she too loved it in her bottom. 

"Cum in my ass today," she whispered.

Normally, I would pull out and shoot on her buns but that day since we were alone, I would cum in her ass. Once I felt the imminent release, I pushed in and held my cock deep in her rectum. Several streams shot into her bottom and I could feel the sphincter gripping and releasing my shaft. I left my cock in her chute enjoying the milking action of her special muscle. 

My cock slowly softened and I let it slip from her ass. I quickly grabbed the paper towels and placed them at her anus to stem the flow of my seed. Cathleen replaced my hand and held the towels to her bottom. Eventually she moved off the chair, left my office and made a dash to the lady's room. I wiped the semen and lube from my cock while she was tending to herself. She returned minutes late looking refreshed and she spoke.

"That was quite a load this morning. I think that is the biggest you have ever shot in my ass."

"I guess, I was really charged today."

"I'll say." 

It seemed awkward with both of us still naked in the office, so I put my boxers back on and she donned my sport shirt. I got us two more cups of coffee and we sat back at the conference table after I replaced the seat cushion and hung up my raincoat. 

"I think that was some of the best sex ever. I want to spend more time with you today."

"Well, I don't think we should do it in my office. Let's go to lunch first and talk about it. Maybe we should go to the interlude this afternoon. I can't imagine that it would be too busy."

"I like that. I'm up for a burger. Let's go to the tavern."

We got dressed and both drove to the town tavern, a place that had great burgers, and good draft beer. We had often had lunch there during the work week so it was not a big deal to be seen together. Over lunch we did decided to visit the interlude again. It was still raining and a perfect day for it. We drove separately and I stopped to pick up some wine. Cathleen stopped at store to get some bath beads for the jacuzzi. The interlude was very private and only about 30 minutes from her home. It was just over an hour to my condo.

SATURDAY AFTERNOON AT THE INTERLUDE

I always let Cathleen park in the private stall next to the room. I parked in the lot which was still very private and not visible from the road. I had been right and the place was not busy in the afternoon and we were able to get a room with a jacuzzi tub. That was the first thing we did and Cathleen ran the bath and added the bath beads as I opened the white wine. Within minutes we were soaking in the hot bubbly water with a glass of wine. The tub was great for our rain chilled bodies. Soon we were warm and Cathleen was feeling amorous again. 

At age 36 she was at the peak of her sexuality and at age 40 I had to keep up with her. I could always cum twice in one day as long as there was sufficient time between ejaculations. However, I was not averse to using my tongue and fingers to pleasure her. She loved to be rimmed and have me eat her pussy. We were a very good fit as lovers and we never tired of each other. Before we got going again in the jacuzzi, she got out and went to the bathroom to douche her ass again. Then she rejoined me in the tub. 

Cathleen leaned back into me and I reached around and stroked her firm titties tweaking and rolling her nipples in my fingers. I slid one of my hands down across her firm abs over her little tuft of hair and found her vagina. I played with the folds of her labia and then inserted my fingers in her pussy. I found her hard clit and rolled it between my fingers as I continued to tease her nipples with my other hand.

"Eat my pussy and rim me, okay?"

"Of course, okay."

I moved her to the other side of the Jacuzzi and I had her lean over the edge presenting her shapely ass to me. Her ass always looked good but when it glistened with water and bath oil, it looked so sensual. I leaned over and licked Cathleen's pussy from behind driving her wild. Then I swiped my tongue from her pussy up and over her anus and back to her pussy. She gasped out loud when my tongue touched her most private area. I really got into it and grasped both of her curvy ass cheeks and pulled them slightly apart so that I could get my tongue in deeper. I probed her pink aperture with my tongue as I inserted my fingers in her pussy. She started whimpering, gasping and directing the action. 

"Oh my God, do it again. Lick my ass; stick your tongue in there. Eat my pussy, tongue my ass, oh yes," she cried out.

I grabbed the bottle of wine and poured some in the crack of her ass letting it trickle down over her anus and pussy. We had done this before and it really turned her on. I placed my mouth on her and drank up the wine swabbing her pussy and ass in the process. I repeated this several more times until Cathleen seemed to go into convulsions with another mind-blowing orgasm. She collapsed back into my arms and I stroked her smallish tits as she recovered from the intensity of her climax.

"I still remember the first time you did that and it still feels so wonderful," she uttered in an exhaustive voice.

"I loved doing it," I told her. 

We decided to get out of the Jacuzzi as the water was getting cooler. We dried off and flopped down on the large bed. Cathleen began to stroke my cock into an erect state and then proceeded to suck on it. She loved to stick her tongue in the little hole and nibble on my cock head. This always made her hot and then she needed my cock in her pussy. She straddled me and aimed my cock in her hole and rode me until she achieved another orgasm.

It was time for me to fuck her in the ass again, so I had her kneel on all fours with her gorgeous tush in the air. She always put her head on the mattress and turned to the side so that she could watch. The interlude room had the added benefit of mirrors on the wall and ceiling and she could clearly see the penetration. I broke out the lube and put an ample amount in her anus. I fingered her ass and pussy at the same time. 

"I love the feel of your fingers in my ass and pussy together."

If there was one thing I liked besides fucking her beautiful ass it was preparing it for my cock. After several minutes of finger fucking her pussy and ass, I couldn't wait any longer and I had to get my cock in her irresistible ass. I removed my fingers and lined up the head of my cock at her moist puckered ring and pressed forward slowly. My cock head strained to pop through and she let out a little groan as the pressure from my iron hard dick forced her little ring to open like a flower and suddenly my large mushroom head slipped passed and into her ass. Cathleen let out a groan as her rear passage was stretched to accommodate my ample girth. 

"Oh, you make me like this as much as the regular way." 

I felt her ass tighten around me and I continued to slowly stroke in and out of her snug ass until all seven plus inches were tightly packed in her. Cathleen really began to moan and her whole body shook in anticipation of what she knew was coming. I began to slowly fuck her but soon picked up the pace as I penetrated her with long hard strokes that used the entire length of my thick cock. Cathleen was going wild as she loved the feel of my cock as it pulled out and then came crashing back in as my big heavy balls bounced off her clit. She was thrashing around uncontrollably, gasping and moaning with pleasure. When I reached underneath her to stroke her clit she exploded with yet another orgasm. 
