 We held hands as we rode the tube and we were still holding hands when we got to the ticket office. I was feeling so invigorated by our morning fuck, but really quite sad that we had to part so soon. We walked to the ticket barrier and we kissed goodbye. I thought I saw a tear in her eye as she turned and walked towards her train. She turned and waved before boarding the train, and then disappeared from sight. 

Two minutes later the train pulled out of the station and it was only then that I realized that we had not exchanged addresses or phone numbers, and even though we would probably both return to Paris next week, there was very little possibility that I would be able to contact her. I gained a little consolation by telling myself that she had said she was in love with another man, so it was unlikely that she would want to see me again. It wasn't much consolation, however, as I really would have liked to see if our relationship could have led somewhere.

I boarded my train and as it sped towards Southampton and my cousin's wedding, I tried to bring myself to accept the fact that I would never see Janis again. I tried to recall what Janis had told me about her job in Paris, looking for a possible way I might be able to track her down when I returned after the weekend. Of course there was no guarantee that she would even return, as there was always the possibility that her visit to break off her engagement might instead result in a reconciliation with her fiancé. From what Janis had told me, however, that didn't seem likely, so I decided I would try to find her as soon as I got back. 

Lost in these thoughts time passed quickly and before I knew it the train was slowing down to pull into Southampton Central. My uncle was waiting for me as arranged, as I had called him just before getting on the train, and soon we were on the way to my hotel. With so many family members visiting from out of town, there wasn't enough room for me to stay at their house as I normally did, so my uncle had booked a room for me at the same hotel where the reception was being held. We didn't have much time before we were due at the church, just enough time for me to check in and change into my best suit.

We arrived at the church at exactly the time the wedding was about to start, but I was glad to see that the wedding cars were not there yet. But only just, for as we walked inside I saw the white limos coming round the corner and I watched as they pulled up. I just caught a glimpse of the bride, my dear cousin Sue, as she was helped out of the car by her dad, before I hurried inside to take my place in one of the front pews. I could see the groom, Bill Donald, anxiously looking back for his blushing bride, as if he couldn't wait for the event to be over, and although I had not at this point in my life taken the plunge, as it were, I had a certain sympathy for his position for what he was about to do in front of five hundred guests was nothing to be taken lightly. I had known Bill for many years, as he and I went to the same school although he was a couple of years younger than I. That still made him ten or eleven years older than Sue, but I completely approved of the marriage as I considered him to be a really good guy and worthy of my cousin's hand in marriage. I thought the world of Sue, and had been like a big brother to her, although she did have enough of those herself, as she was the youngest of six children, but the only girl! It was as if her mom and dad wouldn't stop having children until at least one girl arrived, and I remember the celebration that broke out the day that she was born, with all kind of jokes about how they could stop sleeping together and stuff like that, a lot of which was beyond my understanding as a naïve thirteen year old. 

Bill and Sue had started dating about five years ago, but I had always warned him to take good care of her, or else he would have to answer to me. When pressed, he had always insisted that he had never taken any liberties with her, as she had always maintained that she wanted to wait until her wedding night before surrendering her virginity. As far as I knew that was still the case, which probably added to his anxiety at this moment as the big night was tonight! Sue's dad, always a bit of a joker, was always teasing Sue about never trusting anyone with two first names, but she took everything in a good spirit, and there had never been any reason to doubt Bill's integrity, and so the family had given their blessing to the marriage when they had announced their engagement almost a year ago. As these thoughts went through my head, the organ started playing "The Wedding March" and everyone in the church turned to watch the bride make her entrance on her beloved dad's arm. When I saw her close up, I couldn't believe how beautiful she looked in her white wedding dress, for although she had always been a pretty girl, she had a lot of tomboy in her, growing up with five brothers, and tended to wear jeans and t-shirt more than skirts and dresses.

As she passed by and I turned back to face the front of the church, I suddenly made eye contact with a tall, dark-haired woman on the opposite side of the church, who I felt had been looking at me for some time. She was really quite attractive in a dark green dress and a little cream colored coat, and I estimated that she was probably forty or forty five, a little older than me, but quite sexy all the same. As I looked at her, she ran her tongue over her ruby red lips, and this gesture sent a shiver down my spine as I looked away, but making a mental note to find out who she was and why she was at my cousin's wedding.

The service went off without a hitch and the rector obligingly kept his remarks very short, so that the ceremony was over in less than an hour. Nevertheless, I couldn't help from time to time glancing over at the mystery woman, and every time I did, she was looking straight at me. This apparently constant attention started to get to me, and despite the hot night (and morning) I had spent with Janis, as well as my best efforts to stop it, my cock started to get hard right there in the church. I had never regularly attended church, my appearances there normally limited to weddings and funerals, but I did have respect for what it stood for, and tried to show reverence as much as I could, and I didn't think getting a hard on in the middle of a service was at all reverent. I tried hard to think of something unsexy to try to get it to go down, but the harder I tried, the harder it got (it being my cock!) With the service drawing to a close, I realized I would soon have to be leaving the security of my pew and I was not at all sure about my ability to walk out of there with a flagpole in my pants!

As part of the family I was supposed to walk behind the bridal party as they left the church, but I began to doubt if I could follow them with a raging hard on..... As I worried and wondered I again caught the eye of the stranger in the green dress, and got the distinct impression she was looking straight at the tent in the front of my pants! I thought I saw a shadow of a triumphant smile cross her lips and even from the other side of the church detected a twinkle in her eye. Who was she and why was she seemingly giving me the glad eye?

The service came to a close and Mr. and Mrs. Bill Donald began their first walk together as man and wife, but happily when my turn came to leave, my erection had diminished enough for me to walk reasonably normally up the aisle to the exit. Once outside, the cool breeze and bright sunshine felt good, and I maneuvered my way into the waiting crowd of guests and well-wishers, watching the bride and groom receive their shower of confetti as they moved slowly through the crowd to the waiting limo, pausing every now and then for the photographers, both official and unofficial.

Although the hotel was not far away, I gladly accepted the offer of a ride with Phil, Sue's eldest brother, and as he drove we chatted about how well it had gone, and he said he hoped the reception would go just as well. I asked him what he meant and he told me he had heard that wedding receptions were not this hotel's strong point and that some he knew of had been almost disastrous. I laughed and told him not to worry, and that the only thing we'd consider a disaster would be to run out of booze! He grinned and said he had that covered for that was his department and he was sure there'd be more than enough for everyone!

He pulled into the parking lot and saw that Bill and his bride were just making their way into the main entrance of the hotel, so we decided to wait outside while they set up the reception line. Cars continued to enter the parking lot, and then suddenly out of the corner of my eye, I caught a glimpse of the mystery woman getting out of a car on the opposite side of the lot. I touched Phil on the arm and asked him, "Hey, Phil, do you know who that woman in the green dress is?"

Phil turned and looked at her and replied, "No, why do you ask? She's quite a looker, ain't she?"

"She is that," I replied. "The reason I ask is that she was ogling me all through the service, and I just wondered why she was paying me so much attention!"

Phil laughed and said, "Are you sure? Sounds like wishful thinking to me!"

"No, no, I'm sure she was, but I don't know why!"

"Well, what are you waiting for? Go over there and introduce yourself! Then you'll know for sure if she was really looking at you or the stained glass window behind you!"

"Oh, no, I couldn't do that! I can't walk up to complete strangers and start talking to them!"

"Really, Jack? Well, no wonder you're still single! You're waiting for Miss Right to walk up to you and ask you to marry her, eh?" 

I grimaced and replied, "Not exactly, but I'm not much of a conversationalist when it comes to beautiful women."

"OK, OK," Phil said, "I'll do it for you then," and started walking over to the woman in the green dress, who was now standing by the car she had just exited with her back to us. I watched as Phil approached her and started talking to her, and then pointed back in my direction. She looked over at me and I saw her nod as Phil continued to talk to her, and then I saw her say something to him, nodded again and smiled as he headed back towards me as I stood there like a statue.

"OK, Jack, mystery solved! She's actually an old college friend of Bill's mom, staying with her for a few weeks, and that's why she's at the wedding. She told me she noticed you from the time you walked in and wants to meet you!"

"When?" I asked, dumbfounded.

"Why not now?" he asked.

"No, I don't think so. Maybe later."

"Maybe? Maybe?" he snorted. "What's wrong with you Jack? I've set it up for you, the time is ripe and all you say is maybe? What more can you want? And by the way, if you think she looks great from here, she's even more spectacular close up!"

"I think after a couple of drinks to steady my nerves, I'll be better," I said weakly.

"Well, don't blow it, Jack. If I weren't a happily married man, I'd still be over there!"

By this time, the guests were starting to filter from the parking lot into the building, so Phil and I started to follow them inside. We joined the reception line that was already out of the door of the ballroom, waiting patiently for our turn to congratulate the bride and groom, or as Phil put it, congratulate the groom and commiserate with the bride! Eventually we found our way to the happy couple and I greeted Sue with a big kiss on the cheek. 

"Jack!" she exclaimed, "I'm so happy you could make it!"

"Now you know I wouldn't miss this for the world," I told her. "Wild horses couldn't keep me away!"

"What about wild women?" she teased me.

"Them too!"

"Wonderful! I'll see you later, Jack, there's something I need to talk to you about."

"Not the birds and bees, I hope?" I said, taking my turn to tease her.

"Oh, you!" she laughed, playfully punching me on the arm.

I moved on to shake Bill's hand, murmuring my congratulations, before turning to find an empty seat at the rapidly filling tables. I managed to find a couple of empty seats at a corner table, not far from the head table, and nodded hello to the other people at the table, introducing myself as Sue's cousin. 

I had just started eating my meal and was well into my second glass of champagne when I suddenly heard a feminine voice ask, "Excuse me, is this seat taken?" 

Startled, I turned to see who was asking and was even more startled when I found myself looking into the deep green eyes of my mystery lady in green! "Oh, n-no, it's free!" I responded wittily, still unable to believe that she had found me so easily in this roomful of people.

"Then, may I?"

"Of course!" I said, standing up to pull the chair back to make it easier for her to sit down and I also motioned to the waiter to bring her food and a glass of champagne.

"Thank you so much!" she said, as she settled into her seat.

As I resumed my seat, I held out my hand and said, "Allow me to introduce myself. I'm Jack, the bride's cousin, or at least, one of them." I added with a grin, "Her favorite one, of course! And you are?"

"Oh, I'm an old college friend of Angela, the groom's mother. I'm staying with her for a few weeks, so that's why I'm here today. By the way, my name is Sandra, and I'm headed in the opposite direction to the happy couple!"

"Er, excuse me?" I said, not understanding what she meant.

"I'm sorry! I mean that while Sue and Bill are just starting life together, my husband and I have just separated and we're headed for the divorce court!"

"Oh, now I understand what you mean," I said. "So what happened?"

"Oh, it's a long story, Jack."

"Well, unless you have somewhere else to go, we have all night!"

She laughed at that. "That sounds promising, Jack!"

I suddenly realized what I had said, and that she had certainly taken it the wrong way! I hurriedly said, "Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't mean it like that, Sandra!" while blushing with embarrassment.

She laughed again. "I was only teasing! Oh, now I've embarrassed you, but I can't believe you're blushing. How quaint! I don't think I've ever made a man blush before! I'm sorry, Jack!"

"Oh, it's OK, Sandra. So tell me your story. First, where are you from?"

"I'm from Reading, do you know it?"

"Not really, although I've been there to catch trains to the West Country when I've come in to Heathrow." When she mentioned Reading it reminded me about Janis and wondered if she had arrived safely. It was on the tip of my tongue to mention that I knew someone who was going there, but then I thought better of it, and my next question was, "And your husband is still there?"

"That's right, with my son."

"Oh, you have children?"

Sandra laughed again, and I was getting intoxicated by her laughter. "Well, just one son, and he's twenty three!"

"Twenty three! You don't look old enough to have a son that age!"

She smiled at that remark. "Thank you kindly, Jack! Actually I was only seventeen when I got married for the first time. Seventeen, but five months pregnant! Actually the marriage didn't last too long, I think because we were just too young to handle it, and Steven was only four when we divorced. After that I struggled to bring him up by myself for a few years, but then I met Jim, my present husband. He was a lot older than I was, and he kept pressing me to marry him, and eventually I said I would, more for Steven's sake than mine, for Jim was very well off and I knew he would provide a good home for us. Actually he's been a good father to Steven and I don't really regret what I did, but in recent years as he was approaching retirement, his attitude towards me changed and it got to the point where he became unbearable to live with. I've been planning to leave for some months now, but finally last week I left, and I'm not going back!"

"And your son? He's staying there?"

"Well, for the time being, at least. He has a good job there and he gets on OK with Jim. Besides, he's getting married soon, so I guess he'll move out then." 

By this time we had all finished our meals, and Sandra and I were both on our third glass of champagne, and we paused to watch the bride and groom cut the cake. Sandra continued, "So what about you? You're not married?"

"No, not yet."

"Soon, then?"

I chuckled at that remark, for I had never considered getting married a priority in my life. "Oh, no, not even close. I'm completely unattached and immediately available!"

She smiled and remarked, "That's surprising!"

I took the bait. "Why?"

"You're such a good looking man, I'm really surprised."

"Thanks for the compliment, Sandra!" I was really starting to feel comfortable with this beautiful woman at my side, for close up she really was beautiful, with her long raven hair, vivid green eyes and ruby red lips, and did I mention an enchanting laugh? It didn't end there, for although her dress was not at all low cut, while we were talking, I had been checking out her body and saw that beneath the dress that matched her eyes, her breasts were definitely of a generous size, just the kind that one would like to fondle all night! And I, for one, would definitely volunteer for that job! 

The music started and the bride and groom took to the small dance floor for their first dance together as man and wife to the strains of "The Tennessee Waltz". Applause broke out as their dance came to an end, and other guests started to venture out on to the dance floor. Sandra remarked, "I hope you'll ask me to dance, Jack?"

"I'd be delighted, Sandra," I answered, "but not just yet. I'm feeling a little full right now." 

"All right, but don't let me down!"

"Oh, no, I wouldn't do that!" The comfortable feeling I had being around her emboldened me to ask her what I had been dying to ask her all night. "Sandra, can I ask you a question?"

"Sure, Jack, what is it?" she replied, her eyes narrowed to narrow slits.

"I may be wrong, but I thought I saw you looking at me in church. Did you like what you saw?"

"Oh yes, I saw you as you walked in and I couldn't take my eyes off you!" She touched me on my arm, and I felt something akin to electricity shoot through my body. "I'm sorry, but I thought you were gorgeous!"

"But now you know I'm not, right?"

"Au contraire! Much more than I thought!"

"You're teasing me!"

"Not at all, Jack. Talking to you has just confirmed my first impression. Actually I saw you looking back at me, too. Did you like what you saw?"

Before I could answer, I was startled by feeling a hand on my shoulder, and turned to see Phil standing there. He said, "Jack, I'm sorry to drag you away from your beautiful friend, but Sue needs to talk to you for a minute."

"OK, sure, Phil," I replied, and turned to Sandra to say, "I'll be right back, Sandra. Will you wait here for me and when I come back we'll have that dance, OK?"

"Sure, Jack, I'll be here. Perhaps your friend here will keep me company while you're gone?" 

I looked at Phil ogling her and gave him a knowing glance. "Keep my seat warm, won't you, Phil?" I said. "Or do you have to go back to your wife?" I added pointedly.

"No, I'm OK for a while," he answered with a grin, as he took my place at the table. 

I left them to it and went over to where Sue and Bill were standing next to a table near the door, chatting with the guests who were sitting there. "Hello, young lovers!" I greeted them and they turned to me, smiling broadly.

"Ah, Jack, there you are!" Sue said, kissing me on the cheek. "I was just asking about you!" She turned to her husband and said, "I'll go up with Jack, love. See you in a bit!" Bill nodded, handed her a room key, and then turned back to finish talking with his friends.
