 After our initial flurry of charged sexual action, we moved up from the living room to the shower. I turned on the water, getting it nice and hot, and gathered up two large towels. 

Katie stepped into the shower first, letting the water cascade over her, invigorating her skin. I opened the door, slid in next to her, and held her close from behind. The water was splashing on my back, and spilling over onto her head and shoulders. 

I reached for the soap, and began a slow lathering process, beginning with her neck, shoulders and arms. I lifted her arms up, and continued down her sides, over her hips and back up her stomach and chest, spending some extra time on her erect nipples.  

She coo-ed, leaned back into me, and draped her arms behind my neck, pulling me toward her lips. We kissed, enjoying each other's taste and passion. 

I continued to rub her breasts and nipples with one hand, while the other worked its way down her stomach to her waiting sex. She was still wet and excited from our recent lovemaking, and her lips were protruding. 

I gently pushed one finger into her, and felt her body tense. A moan escaped her mouth, and she arched her back even more, giving me better access to her. 

"Oh, God...that feels sooooo good", she said. "Please, more...more...more". 

I continued to rub her, eventually adding one then two more fingers. She pushed against me, rubbing her clitoris against my hand, and was soon cumming with gasps and moans.

"Yes. Yesssssss, that's it. Oh, yessssss....that's it. More....I'm cummingggggg!" she cried as she lost herself in yet another orgasm.

Turning to face me, she pushed me back against the shower wall. She reached for the soap, put some in her hands, and began to work my chest and shoulders. Being not very tall, she had to reach up to get to my shoulders. When she did, her stomach pressed against my erect member, and she pushed herself into me. 

Looking up at me with her blue eyes, and the water cascading over her face, she smiled as she reached down to grasp my hard cock. She bent her knees slightly, bringing my cock between her breasts. Using the soap, she lathered up some more, and began rubbing, fucking my cock with her tits. Her nipples, already overly sensitive, acted like little fingers, pressing and stroking me. 

"Katie...I can't take much more of this...I'm going to cum" I said...

"Go ahead...I'll take it all over my tits, if you please" she responded with a grin. 

She began to work harder, pumping and squeezing my cock with her hands and tits. Just as I was about to cum, Katie sensed that I was tensing in preparation. She surprised me by pulling her tits away from my cock, replacing them with her mouth. She took me deep, pulling me toward her with her hands on my hips. I began shooting into her, filling her mouth with my seed. She loved it, raising and lowering her head and hands in unison, milking me for every last drop.

After I finished, she looked up at me and said "Sorry...I just couldn't waste it on my tits...I needed it in my mouth, to taste you once again. You're yummy!"

"Let's get out of here and dry off", I said, handing her a towel after turning off the water. 

We got out of the shower and moved over to the bed. I went to the bathroom cabinet, and returned with some lotion, smiling at Katie as she lay there, hair wet and body glistening. I poured some lotion on my hands, and began a slow, methodical massage of her legs and feet. She sighed, contentedly, and I could feel the muscles relax under my fingers. 

I moved up and down her body, applying the principles of Shiatsu learned through my training, pressing here, pulling there and creating energy flow throughout her body. She was so relaxed that she fell asleep. 

It was beautiful to see her, so calm and relaxed. Very different from the intense and focused competitor she is. Her hair, framing her face, was a beautiful match to her tanned skin. I snuggled up next to her, spooning, and also fell asleep, the scent of her hair and the oil wafting all around me.

Nearly 3 hours later, I felt a twinge as Katie's hand worked its way down my stomach to my soft member. It didn't take long for it to come to life, as she gently yet steadily stroked me. 

"Well...hello" she said, coyly, leaving me wondering if she meant me or my cock. It really didn't matter. She rolled over on top of me, still holding me, and began to lean forward. 

Her nipples, hard again, rubbed against my chest. Her hair, completely dry now, danced across my face and lips. She continued to lean forward, kissing me. Out tongues wrestled, moving in and out, up and down. She never let go of my cock, and now began to rub it against her dampening slit. 

"Now for the slow stuff" she said, as she gently lifted herself over me, steadily dropping down so that I slid into her. 

She stayed still for a while, using her inner muscles to stroke and pump my cock inside of her. She smiled at me, both hands resting on my chest now. 

Rhythmically, she began to move forward and back, her moist sex dripping over me. I could feel her clit rubbing against me, as she was impaled on me fully. 

"Oh, yessss...this is fantastic" she sighed. "I just want to stay here, fucking you like this".

"That's fine by me", I said, grasping her hips to help keep sway. I could feel her tightening around me as she moved her hands off my chest up to her nipples and breasts, squeezing them and tilting her head back. 

I wondered how long she could keep the slow pace going, as I was getting quite worked up by the scene and the sensation of her riding me. I didn't have to wait long to find out.

She began a strong climax, screaming out as wave after wave of sensual delight jolted through her. She began bucking, almost out of control, and crashed forward onto me into a heap, breathing deeply and strained. 

"Oh, jesus...I love it. Love fucking you!" she giggled, and slid off me, turning around. She slid her body down, took my cock in her hands and pushed forward, sheathing me with her love tunnel. She reached forward, grabbed my ankles and began rocking back and forth, begging me to cum in her.

"Please, shoot in me. Fill me. I want to feel you cum inside of me." 

I reached forward, grabbed her hips and squeezed her ass with my thumbs, leaving imprints. It was great. I pulled her back and forth, pushing her onto me with force and loving the view of her ass moving in front of me. 

"Cum. Cum for me. Please, oh god...cum now!" she cried, as I shot into her, filling her with whatever cum was left inside. 

She slowed down, catching her breath and feeling me still inside of her, shrinking with release. 

She slowly crawled off me, turned around and took my cock in her mouth, cleaning me. 

After completing her task, she slithered up my body, kissing me along the way. 

"You know, the night is still young!" she said, with a smile...