 I woke up on Saturday morning with a massive case of morning wood. In fact, probably the worst case I have ever had. I tilted my head to find Claire still sound asleep on the other side of the bed. Not wanting to disturb her, I got up and slowly walked towards the bathroom to get in the shower, my penis making heavily straining on the fabric of my boxers. As I stepped under the hot water, my cock was still aching for attention. I slowly lathered my body, my mind flashed back to last night. Seeing her naked body, the moonlight shining in, I recalled the sight of her masturbating. This all became too much, and I began to massage my cock. It only took about 8 stokes before I shot my load all over the shower wall. I was relieved, thinking my hard-on would start to subside. 

I finished in the shower, wrapped a towel around my waist, and went to the bedroom. Claire was wearing an oversized t-shirt and sweats, and still looked beautiful. I got dressed and walked with her towards the kitchen. I began to brew a pot of coffee as we talked about what she wanted to do and see that day. This was the point at which her phone rang with a call from her best friend, Jessica. Jessica and Paul were roommates and had become very good friends; in fact Jessica had been the one to introduce them. The two friends had gone out for drinks the night before, and to make a long story short, Jessica witnessed Paul make out with another girl at the bar- and then bring her back to the apartment. The walls of Paul and Jessica's apartment were very thin, and suffice to say, left little to the imagination. She was irate that he would blatantly cheat on her like this, and wanted to break the bad news to Claire. I saw my friend begin to tear up, and she grabbed my hand and Jessica told her what had happened. Afterwards, her next call was to Paul, who confessed to the whole thing. Claire was distraught, and more than anything, in shock. I just held her and let her cry. Their relationship has not gotten serious yet, but she was still upset, and understandably so. 

She took a little while to collect herself, take a shower, get some fresh air, and an extra cup of coffee, and I asked what she felt like doing. Her attitude had naturally changed, but she was determined to make the best of it. "John, you're my best friend, and I don't want to let that jerk ruin the time we get to spend together," she told me. We ended up spending the day going to various museums and monuments, and that night, came back to my apartment for a casual dinner and to watch a movie and kill a bottle of wine. It was definitely low-key compared to one of the nice restaurants I had planned to take her to one night. But this was exactly what we were in the mood for. We got to enjoy each other's company and she took her mind off the jerk that had cheated on her. I just hoped that his one night stand with a bar slut was worth the cost of losing Claire. I don't think he realized what he had lost, which as far as I'm concerned meant he never deserved her anyway, and I told her that directly. 

After the movie, we just sat on the couch and nursed our wine. We were each on our last glass. "Are you doing okay, Claire," I asked her, not really sure else to say in this situation.

"Yeah, I'm okay, I guess. Just a little in shock, ya know?"

"I know, hun. I just wish there was more I could do make you feel better."

We sat on the couch in each other's arms as she cried on my shoulder. I had no ambitions other to than just hold her and support her. She wiped her tears away, smiled, and thanked me for my concern. She closed her eyes and slowly leaned her face towards mine. I began to reciprocate, and before I knew it, our mouths were pressed against each other, and the tips of our tongues were beginning to touch. I grazed my hand down the side of her cheek, her neck, and onto her breast.

"Are you sure you just want to be doing this," I asked her.

"Darlin, I love you. And I'm so sorry that I never let myself see it. But I do. You're the only man who genuinely loves me as much as you do," she replied as she stopped to sigh, "That asshole only used me for sex. Tonight, I just want to give into our feelings. Just go with it."

With that, we resumed our kissing. Her hand slid down my chest and onto the bulge growing in my jeans. She giggled and broke the kiss. She unzipped my fly and stuck her hand down my pants and took hold of my cock through the cotton fabric of my boxers. She smiled as she felt the length of it. Claire took off her shirt and dropped it on the floor next to the couch. She tugged my pants down and straddled my boxers with her skirt. We continued making out, this time with noticeably extra heat and passion. I reached around to her back and unhooked her bra, and was again blown away at how beautiful her boobs were. This time, I was sure to tell her.

"Wow. Claire, you have the most amazing breasts I've ever seen."

"Aww, thanks," she replied, blushing as she smiled, "I know you've been checking them out from the moment you picked me up," she continued as she giggled.

I was guilty as charged, and she knew it. Claire stood up and unzipped her skirt. It fell to the floor, revealing her incredibly sexy blue boy short panties. She got on her knees and started to stroke my dick. She looked up to me and as our eyes met, she just smiled and asked if I was ready. I nodded and she started to slide down my boxers to my ankles. As I stepped out of them, I sat fully naked in front of the woman I loved. She grins at how large I am and how well it compliments my athletic body. I've gotten in the habit of running every day, along with various calisthenics.

"Your exercise regimen is paying off, you know. You look incredibly handsome," she complimented. My 7 inch cock protruded from my pubic hair, neatly trimmed down to a half inch. Claire very slowly wrapped her lips around the head of my cock, lowering her mouth down my shaft. As she lifted her head back up, she applied just the perfect amount of suction to my penis.

I let out and audible moan and whispered her name. I ran my hand through her hair as she continued to blow me. This was by far the most incredible blowjob I had ever been given. As the bobbing of her mouth got faster and her suction got more intense, my moaning got louder and my breathing deeper. Then she pulled her best move yet, taking my cock all the way deep inside her throat while she licked the base with her tongue. "Shit this girl is talented," I thought to myself. Finally, after almost 10 minutes of the most amazing sexual pleasure I had ever had in my life, I felt my cum brewing deep inside my balls. I warned her that I was close to finishing, and she just kept going. I shot an enormous loud into her mouth, which she swallowed easily, more than perfecting what was already the perfect blowjob.

As I came down from my orgasm, she climbed up onto the couch with me and I thanked her. I then gently rolled her over onto her back, and I returned the favor, very gently and passionately eating her pussy. As I flicked her clit with my tongue, I slid my first two fingers into her vagina. She climaxed rather quickly, her hips bucking, her moans loud and deep. I could feel her pussy lips clenching onto my fingers and she pulled my hair. After her orgasm, I asked her if she wanted me to keep going. She just blushed and nodded as her eyes got as wide as saucers. I kept licking her lips, changing my pace and movements. I loved the noises and the moans she made as my tongue kept her pussy on the cliff. The moisture of my tongue felt so amazing on her perfectly shaven vagina. I could tell she had just shaved it that day. Finally, she climaxed again; this time, she pushed my head into her crotch.

Finally, her breathing subsided, and I slowly slid up the bed next to her. We kissed goodnight, exchanged "I love you's" and fell asleep in the spoon position, naked, in each other's arms. As I drifted off to sleep, I was completely bewildered by how sharply my life had turned around that day. I knew I had to take her to the airport the next morning, and wanted to savor every moment between now and then. This moment, right here, was a very good start.