 I am sitting in the main conference room at work. It is the Tuesday case review meeting. For those of you who do not know me, I am an attorney. Every Tuesday, we meet with basically the whole staff to discuss a selection of cases. If you are having trouble with a case, you can ask to have it on the agenda. Otherwise, the Managing Partner selects which cases to review. I am sitting here bored to tears because none of my cases are on the agenda, and none of the cases are even in corporate law. Once or twice the managing partner asks my opinion. Typically, I just agree or restate what he has said. I am fighting to keep awake. 

Seated across from me is Todd. Todd is one of the newer associates. He is about 30, and quite the hunk. He looks more like a personal trainer than an attorney. He has wavy black hair that is lightly gelled and slicked straight back. He has a ready smile and piercing green eyes that seem to constantly twinkle. He is always ready with a compliment which is delivered with a style that imparts sincerity, never shallowness. He has a barrel chest and i imagine a perfect six pack tummy. Sometimes it seems his suits are cut to accentuate his physique. Today he is wearing a navy single breasted, single needled suit, white shirt and yellow power tie. Todd is also bored with the meeting. Difference is, he does not get called on because he is male and an associate. 

Quite suddenly and obviously unexpectedly, I feel something on my knee. Instinctively, I reach down to see what it is. It is a foot, with sock. Since it is summer, my own legs are bare. I try to not look startled, but look up to see who it might belong to. Everyone is turned, watching the managing partner, Mr. Smith. Mr. Smith is opining on a precedent set on some obscure statute that might help on the case currently under discussion. Then I note the slight smile attacking the corners of Todd's mouth on his otherwise solemn face. I decide to up the bet. 

I deftly and not completely subtley take Todd's sock off. I disguise the action by shifting in my seat, dislodging Todd's foot. I drop his sock on floor beneath my chair. 

Todd is nonplussed. His expression never changes. Two can play at that game. I continue to look at the managing partner, feigning interest in his every word. Suddenly I feel a foot, a bare foot rubbing up and down my leg. I know it is Todd. His foot roams all over my lower leg and knee. I notice that he is slouched a bit more in his seat. Then the foot roams to between my legs, rubbing my inner thighs just partway up, since that's all he can reach. Pretending a quick stretch and readjustment of my seat, I slide forward as much as I can, my ass now near the very front of the chair. My tummy is right up against the table, so no one is going to see what is happening below the table. I part my legs slightly. Todd's foot is now snaking up my thighs and under my skirt. He stops and makes little circles with his toes at the swell of my thighs. I spread my legs more. 

Todd is slouching noticeably in his chair, but at this point in the meeting, most people will think he is trying to keep from falling asleep. I slouch just a little, kind of rolling my pussy toward Todd's toes. Then I feel it. His big toe is against my panties, just over my slit. Trying desperately not to move too much, I try to rub my slit on him. His big toe is now slowly stroking up and down my slit. His toe starts at the bottom of my pussy slit and ever so slowly travels up the length of the slit until it gets to the top. Then it slowly makes its way back down the slit to the bottom. I wish I could shift enough to allow him access to my ass as well, but that is not happening. And I really wish I had not worn panties this day. 

Todd sort of coughs and shifts in his seat and I feel his foot move. Now the ball of his foot is resting on the panties directly over my cunt. It is at the top of the slit, just over my engorged clit. I continue to try to pay attention to the meeting, but now Todd's foot is planted firmly against my pussy, with the ball directly over my clit, and he is beginning to move it in circles, massaging my clit. I was just going to tease him a bit, but now he has me going and I can feel my juices starting to soak my panties. My breathing is getting ragged, but I try to control it. I am starting to feel flushed. I try to think of a way to move my panties aside, but can't come up with a way. Mostly, I cannot believe that I am getting my clit massaged in a business meeting, sitting at a table with like ten other people.

Todd is now alternating between rubbing the ball of his foot on my clit and sliding his big toe up and down my slit. Then I feel the pressure. He has positioned his big toe just at the entrance to my pussy, and he is pushing. He is pushing against the material of the panties and trying to push them into my vagina along with his toe. I want to help him. The circles I make with my hips are minute, not enough to draw attention. My legs are splayed wide. I note that Todd's hands are now under the table. I glance up and down the table at the people sitting there. They all seem to be listening to Mr. Smith. No one seems to notice that Todd is trying to toe fuck me.

And then the managing partner asks what I think of his argument about the precedent. I sit bolt upright, and turn my attention to him. Todd, the support for his leg withdrawn sort of lunges forward and shifts upright in his seat. I've heard just enough to know a few key words and phrases to throw out, mostly sounding like gibberish, but making just enough sense to sound like I understood it all and agreed with Mr. Smith. Smith tilts his head, gives me a bit of a quizzical look, says, "Huh," and then turns to one of the partners, who disagrees with him. This begins a rather lively debate at the other end of the table, and I take the opportunity to slip away from the table, and quickly duck into the toilet at the end of the room. 

Once in the toilet, I quickly reach under my skirt and into my panties, rubbing my clit furiously, and stifling a scream, I quickly take an orgasm. When I catch my breath, I actually do pee and when I wipe, am astounded at the amount of goo between my nether lips. I stand up and pull up my panties. For just an instant I consider taking them off, but decide against that. But not feeling totally insensitive toward Todd, I pull the crotch aside, leaving my pussy available for any additional probing. Then, smiling at my colleagues, particularly Todd, I return to my seat. I sit in the position most advantageous to Todd. He looks at me, and I hold his gaze for just an instant, then turn my attention back to the debate at the other end of the table. 

I sit for what seemedseems like an eternity, waiting for Todd to move on me again. I assume that he has given up and turn my attention to the meeting. 

Then, nearly half an hour later, I feel a foot on my knee. It is rubbing its way up my leg. I spread my legs for him. The toe is suddenly on my slit. He is rubbing up and down the slit. I shift in my seat to try to give him more access. The ball of his foot is rubbing on my slit, just over my clit. I can feel my pussy opening, my juices flowing. I glance around the table, but no one seems to notice. Oh, God, his toe is just at the opening to my vagina. I shift more, and the very tip of his toe is in me. I catch a moan in my throat and turn it into a cough. Then I brazenly reach under the table, grab Todd's foot, and thrust my hips forward, impaling myself on his foot. 

The person sitting next to me turns to look at me, but I just offer a weak grin and he turns back to the meeting. The meeting that is still going on. The meeting that I am sitting in with Todd's foot up my cunt. I can't believe that no one realizes what is going on. 

My juices are coating Todd's foot. I am humping it ever so slightly so no one will know that I am getting fucked at the meeting table. And then suddenly, the foot is gone. Withdrawn. I try to grab it, but my fingers slip off of it due to the amount of pussy juice on it. 

Todd stands up, straightens his tie and walks around to my side of the table. No one seems to notice. The meeting continues as if nothing is happening. 

Todd gets behind my chair and grabbing it by the back, pulls it out from under the table. Still no one seems to notice. Todd lifts me bodily from the chair and pushes me face down on the table, feet still on the floor, bent at the waist. He kicks the chair out of the way and steps up to me. It is then that I realize that his massive cock is out of his pants and sticking straight out from his body. He lifts my skirt over my ass, and literally rips my panties from me. He tosses the panties onto the table and they land in front of old Mr. Henley, one of the founding partners. Although still no one seems to notice what Todd is doing to me, Mr. Henley picks up my panties and sniffs them. Then I feel Todd's turgid member poised at the entrance to my willing and open cunt. With one thrust, Todd pivots his hips forward, and drives his cock all the way up my cunt, I swear hitting bottom someplace deep in the recesses of my belly. I am pushed further onto the table, and a grunt escapes my lips. Without looking up, Smith says, "Could you hold it down please, Ms Dixon?" In the meantime, Todd has begun his use of my body, ravaging my cunt with his insistent thrusting. 

He pulls back until just the head of his cock is left in me, then lunges forward, impaling me fully on his horse cock. With each intrusion, I have to stifle my grunt, and grunt is all I can do as he pummels me. My cunt is stretched tight over his cock as it pistons in and out of me. I can feel another orgasm rising in my belly. My cunt spasms, clenching him as I reach the peak. I bury my mouth against my arm to stifle the impending scream, but still no one seems to notice that in the midst of this staid meeting I am having my brains literally fucked out on the conference table. Only Old Henley has shifted his gaze toward me. 

Todd pounds my cunt for probably fifteen minutes while the legal debate rages at the other end of the table. His breathing is becoming ragged. So is mine. I feel another orgasm about to explode on me. Todd's thrusts have become shorter... more like jabs, and quicker, too. Then he slows down, stroking long, deep and slow. Then he thrusts deep into me, nearly lifting me off the table and holding me up, impaled on his beautiful cock. I can feel the jerking of him in me, pumping me full of his white seed. I can feel it leaking out of my cunt, and running down my legs. I can feel my cunt gripping him again as my orgasm racks my body. Todd withdraws with an audible pop, like the sound of pulling a shoe out of mud that it had been stuck in. Sort of like "THWOCK!" He puts himself away and walks around the table and takes his seat. What is up with these people that they don't see what he has just done.

Old man Henley gets up from his seat and walks around the table, mumbling "I been wantin' to do this since she got here!" No one is noticing him either. Before I can compose myself and get up, Henley has pulled my chair up behind me. I feel him pry my ass cheeks apart and bury his face between my cheeks. His tongue just begins to lap up the slimy length of my slit, when...

The sound of everyone gathering their belongings and rising from table rouses me from my daydream, and I fumble to do the same. My God, it may have been a day dream, but my cunt is throbbing and the inside of the back of my skirt is soaked. Mr. Henley smiles at me. Todd ignores me. I try to delay a bit, so no one will notice the wet spot on my seat. Holy shit! What a daydream!

Then as Todd walks out the door, I notice that he is wearing only one sock...