 There she was again. I had been observing her for several nights. Tall, trim, athletic. God she looked good. My mind raced, pictures flooding my mind. Muscles taunt, sweat dripping from her body, naked, size B tits firm, nipple rigid. Nails raking, trailing fire down my back, my hips thrusting forward, driving my cock into her tight, wet pussy. Her legs wrapped around my back, heels digging into me, pulling me forward with each thrust. My cock chubbed in my gym shorts.

Opening my eyes, I scanned the room. She had disappeared. I turned to look behind me. Found her, on the stomach machines. Yes, she was firm, her abs rippled as she pulled the weight forward, flexing hard, squeezing herself forward. I turned to sit on my machine. Would she glance to see my package? Please God, let her glance my way? Nothing!

"Bitch," I muttered to myself as I stood and walked to my next station.

Closer now, I watched her straining face. Second set. No acknowledgement! Nothing. I put a heavy load on my machine. Would she see what a stud I was? Laying back, I ripped the bar up, lifting 325 lbs, muscles bulging, chest expanding, two, three, four reps. Lifting my head, I glanced at her. She did not even glance my way. Five, six, allowing the weights to bang slightly as I let them down.

"Fucking bitch," I whispered out loud, startling even myself. Too good for me? Me! Fuck no I thought to myself. I ripped off another set of six presses. She was off to the back sit up machine. My breath caught in my throat. As she dipped down, her hands behind her neck, her tits thrust forward, back arched, she dipped to the floor. The machine held her body firmly, her ass the high point of her bend. I love spandex! Every inch of her ass was delicious. Small, firm, flexing hard as she lifted up effortlessly, arching high, and repeating her motions. Visions of driving my rigid cock into her pliant ass filled my senses. I moaned softly. Fuck she was beautiful.

Glancing around the room, only one other lifter was visible. A small, younger man was working to give himself a body worth having. Slightly less than a week before Christmas, not many visited the gym at 10pm. I glanced back at my babe in her athletic wear. Head phones now draped over her head, she was riding one of the stationary bicycles. Her globes wrapped softly around the seat. I wondered if she could bury my cock as deep? My cock jumped in my shorts again. Damn I was horny.

I went to the pulley section, wanting to do some rows to work on my shoulders, triceps, and get a line of view to my lady. She rode fast. I wondered how long she would ride the bike. I glanced around the gym again, finding the little man down in curls. I ignored him. I love to show my body. Nobody around, I pulled my t-shirt off, standing to face the mirrors. Setting the weights needed, I grabbed the pulleys, spread my feet, and began my routine. My chest expanded, my abs flexed. Not a perfect 6-pack, I had the definition desired by most men. No extra fat on my body. Glancing in the mirror, I found my lady looking at my backside. I flexed quickly, flaring my back, lifting the weight easily. I held it, slowly lowering the weights, allowing maximum flex of my body. She was lost again in her head phones and bike.

"God damn bitch," I muttered. I admired my body, running my hands over my pecs, down my stomach, up over my shoulders and down my arms. Lifting pumps every blood cell, engorging each muscle, making me feel like a monster.

I stand 6'6" tall. Ripped at 270 lbs. 52-inch chest, 41-inch waist. Rotating my head, my neck cracked softly. Leaning forward slightly, I flexed my torso, rippling each muscle. I looked good. I was proud of my god given size. No roids for me, never have, never will.

I turned, looking for my lady. She was talking to the small man. Laughing! Damn, how could she not notice me? Was she one of those women that hate massive men with Adonis bodies? I hoped not. Even her body showed definition, her muscles clearly defined. Her calf muscles, thighs all ripped with each step. Too much bulk for a distance runner I thought to myself. My mind raced to her tiny shorts, wondering if she shaved her pussy. I would love to taste that I thought to myself.

About 10:20, the little man shouted Merry Christmas, and headed out, leaving me and my lady. I was nearly done myself. I grabbed my towel, sat down on the closest bench, leaning forward on my knees, the towel draped over my head.

"Hey big boy," filtered through my towel. Pulling it off my head, my lady was standing 6-feet in front of me, her legs slightly spread, her hands on her hips. "We close in 30-minutes. You about done?" she asked.

"Yeah," I muttered almost inaudibly. "Yeah I am," I said louder as I stood. I noted how tall this woman was. She had to be 6'3" tall. She looked good!

She stood, staring at me. Her eyes twinkled as the corner of her mouth turned up. "My you are a big boy," she stated pointedly. She slowly glanced up and down my body. I did the same to her. She was incredible. "Fancy meeting you here," she quipped. "You new here," she asked.

"Nope, I have had my membership with the company for years, but at the Newport location. I'm up here for business," I explained. "Going back to Newport on the 22nd," I continued. "You run the place," I asked, feeling stupid as soon as I said it.

"Yeah, I manage the place," she laughed. "As a matter of fact, let me lock up," she started off toward the front doors. I followed several steps behind. Damn she had one nice ass. I could make out her crack through the spandex. The cheeks flexed hard with each step. She had a nice, nice walk, swaying slightly with each step. I was mesmerized.

Then she stopped, turned, and leaned flat over the counter to grab the keys from beside the register. I swear she arched her hips slightly, suggestively. "Damn," I said out loud. She glanced over her shoulder to find me staring at her ass. She rocked her weight from one foot to the other for a split second or two. 

"Really?" she asked, dragging the word out of her mouth as she turned toward me, her hand reaching to her chin, a wide grin covering her face. Turning quickly, leaving me dumb faced, my foot down my throat, she literally bounded to the doors. Seconds passed, she returned. "All locked up," she said. She moved to the bank of light switches, turning off most of them. The remaining lights were for security purposes. Looking at me, she studied my face. I stood almost in a stupor. "Caught you staring at my ass did I," she asked? "Well," she continued.

"Ah, I guess you did," I muttered softly. "You have a great ass," I continued without hesitating. I stared into her eyes. "Absolutely beautiful," my mouth continued, disconnected from my brain. Her breathing seemed shallow, fast. "Especially bent over the back sit-up machine," I continued. Her eyes reflected a change in her thought patterns as she looked upwards to the left, in her mind to see what I had seen.

"I liked you on the bench press," she whispered. "Your legs were spread around the bench, your whole body flexing to explode and push the weights up," she said as she stared deeply into my eyes. "You are a specimen," she said, stepping closer to me. As she approached, her hand reached to flatten on my chest. She leaned to me, inhaling my smell deep, her head tilting back, her eyes closed. "Yes," she growled under her breath. 

"I don't want to know you! I don't want to be your friend! I want a fantasy. You are my Christmas fantasy," she whispered. "My gift to myself," she continued. "You will fuck me! You will fuck me until I'm done!" she growled.

I reached out to her, my fingers running behind her head, pulling her closer to me. I leaned forward to capture her mouth with mine slowly, softly. I could feel her breath on my lips. Closer I approached her, my tongue wetting my lips. I watched her face, her eyes closed softly, her tongue dancing over her mouth and lips as well. I closed the distance, my lips caressing hers as I kissed her, my tongue extending into her mouth, playfully dancing with hers. The kiss continued softly, our bodies moving together. I could feel her warmth, feel her body slide next to mine. Her arms slid quickly around me, one over the shoulder, one around my waist as she pulled me deeper into our kiss. Our bodies now tight against each other, yearned, ached for more. Our breathing changed, lust took control of our bodies. My hand moved down her body, grabbing her ass, squeezing roughly.

"No, not here," she panted. She bit my lower lip, tugging it softly. "Not here," she repeated, staring at me.

She turned, leading the way back to the large weight section of the gym. As we approached the bench press, she pointed to the bench. "There stud," she whispered. "Take those shorts off," she continued as she stripped away her spandex outfit. Now naked, I admired her body. Lean, firm, muscles defined, she was the magazine picture of the female body builder. I stripped as well. I reached to her body, but she stopped me. "Now," she commanded. "I want you there now," she growled. I jumped to the bench. It was still on 325 lbs. "Lift," she said. Grabbing the handles, I pushed the weights up. Her hands went to my thighs, sliding upwards to my dangling cock and balls. My cock lurched to life instantly. She slid her body along my legs, her tits running over my cock and balls. "Again," she said.

I pushed the weight up again as she dropped to engulf my cock into her wet mouth. She slammed her face down on my growing cock, hammering my cock deep. Her nails dug into my abdomen, her hands sliding up over my pecs. Pulling her hands back down, she grabbed my hanging sac, rolling my balls in her hand. "Yes baby," she growled. "Again," she commanded. I pumped the weight up as she thrust her face down hard on my rigid cock. Now all thought was lost. I could not focus on lifting the weight. My hips lurched upwards, trying to impale her face with my rigid cock. I dropped the weights down, my thoughts lost in her mouth. My cock expanded. 

"Thank you Santa," she whispered as she stroked my rigid cock. "Again," she grunted. She moved up my body, straddling my hips. She grabbed my cock, aiming it directly into her pussy as she dropped down on my pipe. "Oh fuck," she shouted as she drove her body down on me. My cock ripped into her tight cunt, driving deep into her body. She rotated her hips, thrusting back and forth hard. "Yes baby! Twist my nipples," she instructed. I dropped the weights, clanking them hard as I reached to grab her protruding nipples. Rolling them firmly, I twisted them slightly between my thumb and index finger. Her flesh was firm. I could feel her flex her pectorals as I pulled and twisted her nipples firmly. She slammed her hips down, burying most of my cock into her tight pussy.

Leaning back slightly, her hand reached to her crotch. Driving down hard, I could feel her finger raking back and forth over her clit, her nail on occasion scraping my shaft as she bounced up and down my shaft. Her breathing changed quickly. Within seconds, her body racked with her orgasm, her spasms causing involuntary grunts with each thrust of my hips. She bit her lower lip, arching her back, forcing her clit on my shaft. Piston like she lifted her cunt up and down my shaft hard. She leaned forward to take my nipple in her mouth. Her teeth grabbed my flesh hard, almost painfully as she slammed her pussy up and down my shaft. My balls ached. I thrust my hips hard, driving every inch possible into her body. As she pulled her torso back up, I got to watch her engorged pussy lips stretch to hold my massive cock in her wet cunt. Stretching, sucking, they refused to release my meat. 

"Cum for me," she commanded. "Squirt me full of cum," she whispered, almost chant like. "Yes," she repeated softly. I became more frantic. I needed release. "Yes," she shouted again. Lifting her legs, she ground her pussy hard on my cock. That tripped the trigger, I exploded into her cunt. Spurt after spurt erupted from my balls, spitting forth and filling her. As my spurting slowed, she leaned forward to lay on my chest. "Yes baby," she whispered softly. We rested for several minutes. "Come," she instructed. Pulling up, my cock flopped over my leg. She raced over to the mirrors.

She adjusted the weight, reached to each pulley, spreading her feet shoulder width apart. She began lifting, bringing her arms down, working on her shoulders, back and more. "Suck my pussy," she asked. "Make me cum," she commanded. I moved to the floor, sitting on my haunches. I stared at her swollen lips, wet with our juices. I hoped I could do this. I had never eaten a pussy after filling it with cum. Maybe I would just focus on her clit. I leaned forward, my tongue reaching between her folds, snaking to her swollen clit. With each flick of my tongue, she would grunt. I grabbed her clit with my teeth, sucking it into my mouth. My tongue mashed it against the inside of my teeth. I tugged on it hard, pulling it deep into my mouth. My hands reached out, surrounding her hips. I pulled her against my mouth. I could feel the quiver in her hips. I could see her eyes closed hard, pulling the weights down, flexing her body hard. I wanted to have her lose concentration. I wanted her to cum on my mouth. Holding her clit firmly, I shook my head back and forth fast, mashing her clit on the inside of my teeth, pressing hard against her flesh with my lips.

"Oh fuck," she screamed. "Yes! Make me cum," her voice trailed off. She released the weights, grabbing my head, pulling me deep into her pussy. I assaulted her crotch, sucking her engorged clit deep into my mouth. Never in my life had I wanted so bad to make a woman cum. My arms reached under her thighs. I literally lifted her up off the floor, pulling her body to my mouth. Startled, she grabbed my head, leaning forward to maintain her balance. I turned, moving to stand with her on my arms. I pressed her against the wall, her backside smashed against the mirrors, her butt about 6' off the floor. I reached one hand under her body, forcing two fingers deep into her wet snatch as I hammered her clit. She went off. Her body arched, quivered on my mouth as I thrust my fingers in and out of her cunt. Within seconds, she was pushing my head back. "No more," she grunted. "No more," she repeated. "Let me down," she continued. I slid her down my body, pinned against the mirrors and body. 

My cock had regained its hardness. As my cock touched her slit, she tilted her hips, her legs wrapped around my waist, pulling my rigid cock into her hole slowly. "Fuck me," she whispered. I slammed forward, burying my cock balls deep in her pliant body. I thrust in and out of her body with abandon. She met each thrust with her own. We stared into each others eyes. Minutes passed, our bodies fire grew deeper. My body flexed, my balls exploded again, sending several more waves of cum into her body. Our breathing, raspy, slowed as my orgasm subsided. Wrapping my hands under her ass, I walked to the hot tub, my soft cock still buried in her body. Slowly, I stepped into the water. I sat us down, still buried in her. We kissed softly, our tongues dancing, playing. My cock shrank, pulled out of her cunt. I lifted her slightly, reaching my tongue to her nipple. For the first time, I got to suck a hard nipple into my mouth. Small, firm tits, my favorites. I sucked the sensitive nipple, rolling the hard nub over my teeth. I sucked as much flesh into my mouth as I could. Hard tits, little flesh available for more than covering with my lips. I changed tits, repeating my attacks. She arched, offering me her tit flesh. A smile rested on her face.

"I'm not done yet," she reminded me. She reached down to stroke my flaccid cock. "Mmmmm," she moaned. "What do I have to do to get this monster up again?" she asked. "No man has ever fucked me the way you have lover," she stated. "I want more," she growled, leaning to bite my neck, sucking my flesh into her mouth. I would have to perform again. I looked forward to it. I slid my hand down her body, reaching between her legs. I found her clit, my fingertip tracing its outline in the water. I rubbed it firmly back and forth. Her mouth dropped open, her eyes flickered. "You," she growled, arching her hips forward, offering her sex to me. I rimmed her open hole, dipping slightly into her body, and back to her clit. 

"I am going to make you cum," I told her. "After you cum, I am going to lay you over the edge of the hot tub, lick your ass, driving my tongue deep into your slit. I will slide two fingers deep into your pussy, hammering your wet pussy while I will ream your asshole, pushing the tip of my tongue through your tight ring. Then I am going to drive my cock into your cunt, getting it completely wet as I push my thumbtip into your ass. Then, I will slowly bury my cock in your ass. Bury all 10-inches of meat deep, grinding against your ass. I will slap your cheeks and fuck you hard," I told her. Her eyes were closed, listening to each word, wondering if I would meet my promises. 

With a loud grunt, she came again, her body thrusting against my fingertip. Spasms controlled her body. I slid my fingers along her slit, driving them deep into her body, rolling them around inside her tunnel. With each thrust, she groaned deeply. Her body twisted with me, forcing her cunt down on my fingers. Her eyes flashed open. "You promised," she reminded me. Moving, I pushed her toward the edge of the hot tub. Pushing her firmly against the edge, I stretched her out on the deck, her mound placed firmly against the edge. I spread her cheeks apart, running my tongue down, over her puckered hole, reaming it quickly, and down to her open hole. Juices were flooding out of her body. I dropped lower, reaching to flick her clit back and forth. Her body jumped, her breathing stopped. In seconds, her body exploded in orgasm again. Her hips tilted up as she arched her back. I traced my path back, licking through her slit, reaming her hole. I traversed up her crack, reaming her tight hole. I paid close attention, driving my tongue hard against her muscle, pushing, driving hard. My tongue spread the hole slightly. I could feel her gasp, arching her ass up to my face. 

Standing, I stepped to her, placing my now rigid cock to her wet hole. I pushed forward hard, driving completely into her body in my first thrust. I ground my hips against her flesh. Pulling back, I drove forward again. My flesh slapped hard on her flesh, the noise filling the room. I thrust hard several times, each time our bodies slapping, grinding against each other. She pushed back hard each time. I reached my thumb to her asshole. Rubbing over her tight hole, as I thrust my cock forward, I popped my thumb into her ass. Pressed tight against the edge, she could not pull away. She grunted loudly. I stroked my thumb in and out of her body rapidly. Her breathing stopped. Pulling out, I placed the head of my cock at her back door. Wet with her juices, I pushed forward firmly.

My cock popped through her tight ring quickly. I hesitated, allowing her to feel my size. I rocked back and forth, pushing a little more in each time I pressed forward. Slowly, we became one, grinding inch after inch into her ass. After several thrusts, I was completely buried in her ass. I grabbed her hip bones, pulling her hard back against me. I ground my hips into her flesh as she groaned loudly. "Fuck my ass! Fuck my ass hard! she commanded. I pulled back, slammed forward for all I was worth. Slap, my flesh hit hers. I lost all thought. I was penetrating her beautiful ass. I hammered her puckered hole hard, slamming my hips back and forth. My fingers dug into her flesh as I pulled her back. Releasing my hand, I slapped her cheek as I pulled back. Changing my mind, I grabbed her hip bone, and pulled myself deep again. Our breathing was ragged.
