 Not quite sure how it happened, but somehow I became one of those pathetic guys in a sexless marriage. Sex was at least 2 years back, and the last blowjob I got was several years before that. So, out of a desperate need to feel wanted again, I turned to an on-line chat site, and in particular, a site where unhappy married people hang out. I soon started chatting with Emily. I didn't post a profile picture, but hers was a close-up of just her mouth. She had this big gorgeous smile, beautiful teeth, and cheekbones that just screamed to be used. We had a lot in common, and the chats quickly turned slutty. We chatted about everything. She didn't mind at all that I have an average-sized dick (at best!!), and seemed amused at how many times a week I could masturbate. She described in detail her favorite positions (edge of bed with feet up and doggie), and told me all about her collection of pussy toys. She claimed to like the taste of cum, but I suspect she was just trying to arouse me

After many chats we finally exchanged pictures. I'm 5-10, and was about 200 pounds, and really self conscious about my weight. She, on the other hand, is unbelievably hot. She's about 5-4, 115, dark brown hair, and just a perfectly shaped body. In her picture she was wearing really tight blue jeans and a loose, white peasant top. The shirt hung perfectly off her large perky breasts, and I could make out just a bit of her nipple poking through her bra. Her jeans rode low on her hips, with the top of her panties showing. The front of the jeans fit tightly against her groin, showing off her flat stomach. Even fully clothed, the slight curve of her mound was visible. Now, I was already weirded-out about my looks and age, and on seeing how perfect she was, a wave of painful dread slammed into me. There was just no way that this hot young woman would want to continue our chats, let alone ever meet in person.

So, right after seeing her picture, I quickly wrote her a message, and honestly told her how I felt. I went on to tell her that seeing how hot she was really motivated me to want to get back to my preferred weight, which is about 175. I went even further, and asked to meet her in person, but promised that all my clothes would have to stay on until I got down to 175. Yeah, I know it sounds pathetic and desperate, but I made the email as funny as I could, and surprisingly, she responded almost immediately.

We got together that same night for dinner (I had salad with no-fat dressing) and a comedy club (Lite beer only). She was so fun and even hotter in person. Her body was not only perfect, but she moved like a dancer. She effortlessly got in and out of her car; she could kneel with both legs behind her on the chair; and she bent down without flexing her legs to pick up a lost quarter. Just perfect. She had a physical confidence about her, and when she walked, every guys' eyes was drawn to her butt. We had a great time, and ended the night with a very short, quick kiss.

By the time I got home, she had already sent a message that she wanted to get together again, and apologized for not giving me a longer kiss. She said I was the first guy she had met in person from this site, and she wanted to follow through with some for her fantasies. Yeah, that surprised me, too.

We got together again about a week later. Just dinner this time, at a nice little place close to my apartment. I live away from home during the week, and have a small apartment that is walking distance from where I work. I've had the apartment for almost a year, and up to this point, the walls have only witnessed solo-sex! 

Dinner went great. She was so much fun to talk to, and I loved the way the waiters and busboys kept finding excuses to come by and look at her face and breasts. And she was such a flirt. She would catch them looking at her, and she would just give them a quick, hot smile, and flick her hair back. Then they would look at me, and I know they were wondering how someone like her could ever consider fucking someone like me. I was tempted just to blurt out "I'm hung," but I'd already confessed my true, rather diminutive size!! At one point, she dropped her fork, and she leaned over to pick it up. As she was fully bent, he jeans slid down to show the top inch or so of her panties, and the top of her butt was clearly visible. I thought the guy next to us was going to explode from envy. Even though he was with a very pretty girl, Emily was way hotter. 

After dinner we went to the lounge, and found a quiet table at the back. We order a couple sweet after dinner drinks, and continue talking. Within a minute, the conversation turns to sex. She tells me again some of the things she liked to do, and some fantasies about things she has not yet done. She talked mostly about her oral experiences, both giving and getting. She seemed to be really experienced and open with her blowjobs, and has done several guys in lots of places and with really great endings. She's even blown a guy on a ski lift!! (His cum froze in her hair and she had to go to the lodge to thaw it out!!) But,. She's mostly gotten eaten as a prelude to penetration, but really wants to be totally taken orally. Her fantasy fit great with my weight-loss goals!! Despite being incredibly aroused, I hear myself tell her that I was serious about not taking my clothes off until I hit 175, which was about 20 pounds away now. Of course, I emphasize that this would mean we would have several weeks where all we could do is massage and cunnilingus. She smiled widely, and she got this really weird look on face, most likely because no guy had ever refused to have sex with her before, and said, "OK........ But mine can come off, can't they??"

"Of course," I whole heartedly agreed that they could, and should. We left the restaurant and she followed me to my apartment. I haven't put much effort into making this apartment nice. Just a twin bed, a table, and a TV. But she didn't seem to care. I open the door, and as she walks in, she kick her shoes off. By the time I close the door, she's already unbuttoned her blouse, and the top of her jeans are open. She threw her arms around me, and my hands went up her sides and inside her top and I pull her back into me. I loosen her bra, and slide may hands up her shoulders and down her arms, taking her top off. I love slowly undressing a women, but she had other plans. Her hands come off my neck, and she unzips her jeans, pulls them down, and kicked them off. In the same motion, she drops her arms in front of her, and her bra drops to the floor. Its almost like a dream to me. Within a minute of walking in, she's already stripped down to only a really tight set of boy-shorts. 

We stand and I hug her tightly, her firm breasts and nipples driving into my chest. She reaches down and runs her hand back and forth on my shaft, which forms a heavy and visible crease in my pants. "Too bad he can't come out and play tonight", she teased. I put my hands around her waist and butt, and lift her off her feet. I carry her to the bed, lay her down, and roll her so she's face down.

I start by massaging her head and hair, and then move to her neck and shoulders. I go to her arms, hands, and fingers, and spend several minutes on her back. I slide down and do her toes, feet, and legs, and finish rubbing her thighs and butt. All the massaging has made her very quiet. Her breathing is steady, deep, and slow. She makes no noise, except for an occasionally soft moan. I've probably massaged her backside for about 15 minutes, so I turn her over, and massage her face and arms. I run my hands between her breasts, and press firmly into her taut and flat stomach. She has one of the sexiest stomach's I have ever seen. It's totally flat from her breasts to her hips, and then falls away sharply, until the quick rise to her mound. I move back to carefully rub her breasts, taking time to flick and pinch her nipples. I lower my mouth and kiss each breast, and use my tongue and lips to draw moans of pleasure.

I spend a little time massaging her thighs and legs, but her hips are rising and falling in a quickening rhythm, and she is clearly ready for more aggressive stimulation. I grab each side of her shorts, and she lifts her hips far off the bed. I pull them down to her knees, and she kicks them off. I pause for a moment as my eyes take in her cleanly shaved mound, which already glistens with wetness. I give off an uncontrollable groan, and I feel my erection further grow. The ache in my groin has turned to pain as my member strains against my jeans.

I must have been a bit too slow for her, as she reaches up and grabs the back of my neck and pulls my head toward her pussy. I stop with my lips about 3 inches from her, and at this distance I can see the individual drops of lubricant flowing from her, and the air is filled with the sweet smell of her arousal. I put my hand fully over her pussy, and firmly rub in long, slow circles. She is so aroused that my hand slips easily on her freshly shaven skin, and I can feel her open and close as my hand slides over her. Her hips are rising to meet the press of my hand, and she makes low, soft moans.

I stop my hand, and let my index finger slide up and down just inside her out lips. They readily open, exposing her bright pink inner lips, which are spread wide open. I normally like to take time to massage the inner lips and pussy walls, but she is so aroused that I immediately slide three of my fingers into her. It was more like my fingers were sucked into her. The sensation of being drawn in was so overwhelming that I felt a spasm in my penis. I didn't fully cum, but I did shoot a decent amount of liquid, and I can feel it soaking through my jeans. I've never had a spontaneous shot like that before, and it left me uncontrollably aroused.

I drive my mouth over her mound, spearing her slit with my tongue. She lets out a gasp as my tongue takes her. I lash up and down her opening, as her moans become steady and louder. I use one hand to pull her hood tight, and run my tongue firmly up and down and over her clit. The fingers from my other hand are still sliding in her, and her own hands are playing with her breasts. My tongue and finger motions are firm and rhythmic, and her moans turn to screams of passion. I've never been with a woman so loud, and her sex noises make me want to please her more. I take my tongue and form it into a little tube, and slide her clit inside, letting the tongue-tube stimulate every side of her fully-extended clit. Every part of her clit is rubbed doing this, and her moans and screams become a frenzy. Her hand moves from her breast to pull my head hard against her, and my tongue and fingers are giving every bit of pleasure they can. Suddenly she becomes quiet, and her hips start to rise as her shoulders push into the bed. Her legs spread further apart, and her breathing stops. I keep the same rhythm, and soon feel a small vibration inside her pussy. As the vibration starts, she gives off a deep, long, almost frightening "ohhhhhhh." In a single motion her hips drive into the bed, her shoulders fly forward, and she shouts out a loud "I'm cumming." Her pussy spasms so hard my fingers are thrown out of her, and her hand pushes my head away from her groin. The bed creaks and shakes violently as if it were orgasaming, too. Wave after wave of spasms shoot through her, as her body writhes and thrashes in pleasure. She orgasms for almost 2 minutes, until she finally collapses in total exhaustion and satisfaction. 

She laid motionless for over 10 minutes, not asleep, but completely still. She finally opens her eyes and gives me the greatest little smile. "That's the hardest I've ever cum," she said. "You've got a great mouth, and it's such a turn-on that you can't fuck me. I know you have to be horny. Go ahead and masturbate while I watch." I pull it out, and it only took about 10 strokes before I exploded a huge load. She reaches out and playfully tries to catch one of the streams in mid flight, but it falls well short of her hand. 

Over the next 6 weeks we had a pretty fun routine. She would come over and I'd step on the scale, and I would inevitably be over 175. So she'd strip, lay down and I would give her a long massage and then eat her to a violent orgasm. Then I'd jerk-off while she watched. She did bring along some of her toys occasionally, so I had a chance to use her dildo and a couple vibes on her. But, nothing made her cum harder than just my tongue. She'd usually stop by two or three times a week, but one week her husband was out of town so she came by every day, and stayed the night twice. Those nights were incredible. I ate her for well over two hours, and she came at least three times each night. 

So, that was our routine until last night. Last night she came over, and the readout on the scale stopped at 175. Without a word, she reached out and undid the snap and zipper of my jeans. She pushed my pants and boxers down, and my penis sprung from its confines. I was still on the scale, but she dropped to her knees and put her mouth around my head, and started driving her head back and forth. She was taking me all the way in, and I could feel the tightness of her throat at the bottom of each stroke. As she pulled back, I could see her cheeks collapse, as her suction pulled her cheeks against my head. I could even see the outline of my rim on both cheeks. She was sucking me with full abandon as her hands cupped my balls. "Cum in my mouth," stopping her motion just long enough to say those words that every man loves to hear. I could feel the pressure building, and her pace quickened. My head tilted back, my hips pushed forward, and my hands instinctively moved to the back of her head. I came with a load moan, as my cum splashed into the back of her mouth. Spurt after spurt went into her, but she never flinched or pulled away. Even after the last drops flowed and all my cum had drained into her, she continued to suck gently . She finally pulled away, and a long string of cum dangled from her lips, which fell to the floor after a couple seconds . She looked up at me, tilted her head back slightly, and swallowed. It was the most erotic moment of my entire life!!

The sight of her swallowing got me instantly erect again, and I stepped off the scale and put her on the edge of the bed, face up. I lift her legs and put them on my shoulder, and let my dick slip into her. As my dick moves into her, her lower stomach rise as I move deeper into her. As I move in and out, I can see the outline of my head moving up and down under her stomach. I put my hand on the area, and press down. I can even feel the rim as I move, and my downward pressure makes her pussy grip me tighter. She joins in, and presses both of her hands into her stomach, one hand on each side of my shaft. She moves her hands together, and presses strongly against my dick. It was just so incredible. I was fucking her, and while my dick moved in her pussy, she was also stoking it with her hands!! 

I begin steady, deep strokes, and use one hand to stroke her clit, while the other plays with her breasts. She quickly starts moaning, and her hips start lifting to meet each downward plunge. Her motions become so large, that I stop moving, but my dick is still being thrust fully in and out of her. She keeps slamming me like this for a few more minutes, until she gets close to her orgasm. As she gets close, her motions become smaller and eventually stop, so I gladly take over the thrusting. She's still making a lot of noise, but not nearly as much as when I eat her. Just as she starts to cum, her pussy gets this intense vibration, and then the walls clamp down tightly on me. As she gets to her 5th or so spasm, I can wait no longer and release into her. As small and tight as she is, and with the intense spasms, each load of my liquid is immediately pushed out of her. Its just amazing to spurt out a load, and a couple seconds later, see the white goo shoot from around my dick and onto the bed. With all the cum lubricating her, the final strokes take on a really fantastic silky feel.

Anyway, we're still getting together a couple times a week. My weight is well below 175, and I'm still learning more and more about this amazing woman's body. Her husband is gone tonight, so tonight will be her first all-nighter since a got to 175. I'm betting this will be a good evening!!