 After spending 8 long months in the desert on my last deployment I was looking forward to a little R&R. I was lucky enough to get the chance to go home for a couple of weeks. Usually the married guys would get that option so I was pretty stoked! Two weeks may not seem like a long time back home but after eating nothing but sand and MRE's, (or meals ready to eat, meals rejected by Ethiopians etc...); I was ready for some four star cuisine, a real bed, and getting laid in a big way. Eight months is a long time without a woman especially when the guys you hang with do nothing but talk about getting laid when they got home. Hell, just thinking about hooking up once I was home was enough to give me wood! 

By the way, my name is Kyle. I am pretty tall with brown hair and blue eyes. I have been serving for a little over 4 years and this was my second deployment. Like most who joined right out of high school I wasn't in the best shape when I entered the service. I smoked too much and worked out little, if at all. Basically I didn't run unless something or someone was chasing me. Well, after 18 week of boot camp I leaned out quite a bit and was pretty cut too. I had a chest I had only dreamed of having and was pretty close to having a nice six pack. By the time I had finished my first deployment I had the six pack and was in damn good shape. You see, during what little down time you have while deployed, there isn't a lot to do except work out. I was looking forward to showing the ladies back home the new and improved me.

I knew I was in for a long trip when my group boarded the plane home. The girls working in our section were smoking hot! All the attendants were pretty, however, one blonde and one brunette stood out from the rest; I mean they were really working the guys up flirting and making sexual innuendos. For Christ sake, the blond had her hair in pony tails with little pink ribbons! I watched as they flirted and laughed; leaned in too close, showing an ample amount of cleavage. They must have known what kind of effect they were having on us. How they didn't get mounted by some horned up dude right in the isle is beyond me. I suspected quite a few guys on the flight were heading back to the bathroom to "rub one out" before they even got all the way home. "No self control", I thought to myself. I had plenty of dates with "rosy palm" lately and I was NOT going to be in an airplane lavatory jerking off right before I got back to the world!

At the halfway point we stopped in Ireland to fuel and change crews as well as to get off to stretch our legs. When we came back to the plane it was clear the party was over. The next crew was nowhere near as friendly nor was it all female. The attendants were older and seemed pretty stuck up. As I boarded I said "hi" to the one by the door. She just sighed and turned her head. Not a good sign! It appeared this crew had their fill of horny rowdy soldiers on their way home. Once I got back to my seat and got situated I was greeted by our MALE flight attendant. Now I have nothing against that, but after such a long time away from women it was nice to have a few around to talk to. Well, that came to an end and we were stuck with Maurice. Yep I think it's safe to say there wasn't a single hard-on to be had in my section for that whole flight.

Finally we reached the states. After passed through customs we split off in all directions to our final destinations. I didn't have to wait too long before boarding the last plane of the trip. I was beat but excited, not long now and I would be back in town ready to get it on! The flight was almost empty since it was almost 2300 (sorry that's 11:00 p.m.) and this was one of the last to depart Atlanta heading for my home. I boarded the almost empty plane, turned right and walked down to my seat. Before I had the chance to put my stuff in the overhead I felt a tap on my shoulder. I turn around and was face to face with an angel! 

This woman was drop dead gorgeous. She had a beautiful face, deep green eyes, a small nose, and luscious ruby red lips. Her hair was long, red and tied back in a ponytail. Her breasts were as perfect as breasts can be. They were just the right size for her body and were being held high by her uniform top. I figured it was just my imagination, but it also seemed like her nipple were hard too. Her legs were amazing as well, accented by dark blue stockings that matched the color of her small pleated dark blue skirt.

"Sir, could you please follow me?" she asked motioning back toward the front of the plane.

"Sure." is all I could manage to say. I was still working out how beautiful she was in my head. She turned around and walked back toward the front of the plane with me following her like a puppy dog. As we walked I watched the way her ass moved back and forth, and wondered what the hell was going on. I didn't have to wonder long though. We passed the cabin door and went into the first class section. It was empty!

She turned and smiled saying "We would like to upgrade your seat tonight." She continued. "We are proud to have you on board and figured it was the least we could do."

This was incredible. I was really humbled by the gesture! I thanked her not really knowing what else to do or say. Nothing like this had ever happened to me before. Now the messenger of my good fortune was starting to take my carry on from me to stow it. I'm not one for letting people do stuff for me if I am perfectly capable plus it was pretty damn heavy. As she tried to take my bag from me I politely refused and asked her where I should put it. 

"Well, aren't you the perfect gentleman." She said with a slight southern twang. As she said this she grabbed my forearm and gave it a little squeeze. "Oh my, strong too!" she said quietly with a little grin. She pointed out to where I could put it and let me get settled in for the flight. Man, I wasn't sure I was going to be able to make it all the way home without "rubbing one out". 

After the standard safety brief we took off. I was sitting on the left side of the plane and looked back over my shoulder to see what was going on in the section behind me...and to see where my new wet dream was. I could see into the little serving station between sections and there she was, bending over to get something out of the lower drawers. She was bent almost in half causing her skirt to ride up her toned thighs to the point to where I could see where her stockings ended and the milky white of her upper thighs began. I also caught a glimpse of her deep red panties. I was totally lost in thought as I stared at her wonderful upturned ass, envisioning my hands on her hips, pounding out months of pent up sexual frustration with my thick cock. Maybe I WAS going to have to jerk off in the bathroom after all. There was no way I was going to get off the plane with the erection I had. 

Suddenly I snapped back to reality. Focusing my eyes I realized I was looking right into hers as she glanced back at me over her right shoulder. It seems during my daydream she had turned around and caught me staring at her ass like a starving tiger stalking its next meal. To my surprise, instead of walking over and slapping the hell out of me, she gave me a little smirk and wink. With a little added flair she stood up, arching her back a little further than normal, pushing her ample breasts out against the already too tight top she wore. Then, she turned toward the back of the plane to make her rounds with the refreshment cart. Oh man, this babe was killing me! 

I turned back around and tried to put the image of her swaying ass out of my head. I put on my headphones and tried to watch the movie they were playing on the flight. Well it was working at distracting me. It was some romance movie I had no interest in at all. At least my hard-on subsided and I began to give in to the sleep that had been evading me for most of the trip.

I dosed for only a short time when the cabin bumped around a little, snapping me awake. I heard the bell go off reminding everyone to fasten their seat belts, but started to dose off again.

"Excuse me Sir." I heard her sweet voice in my head, but paused in opening my eyes. Just the sound of her voice woke my lust again and I began to harden a little.

"Sir, I just need to be sure you're buckled in. Okay?"

I started to open my eyes and simply muttered "Yeah, gotcha."

What I didn't realize was she was starting to lean forward to check for my belt when the plane lurched again. She tipped forward more than she had intended to and placed her hand right on top of my growing erection. My eyes shot open, looking right into hers. There was a look of surprise, quickly replaced by a smoldering look I find hard to describe. 

"Oh," she cooed. "This isn't because of me, is it?"

I think I actually blushed. Sure I was embarrassed, but this woman was hot as hell and looked like she could eat me alive! I just smiled and said rather crassly. "Sure is!" 

"Hmm." She mused; righting herself. She stood back up and faced toward the front of the plane, as if to head that way with a little smirk playing across her face when the plane bounced and lurched again. This time the motion took her off balance and, to our mutual surprise and my pleasure I might add; she fell over the arm of my seat and landed squarely in my lap. Falling the way she did, I instinctively lifted my arms and kept her from toppling the rest of the way back. The attendant, now with her legs over the arm of my seat, sat on my lap sideways. There was no way she couldn't feel my hard-on pressing into her ass. I could have cut steel with it at this point!

"Oh," she said quietly, her lips turning up into a slight smile. "I'm sorry, this damn turbulence!" 

"I'm not!" was all I could think to say. She wiggled her ass in my lap for a second, grinding her weight in my erection, driving me totally mad in the process. 

"Don't go away, I'll be right back." She said. 

She pulled herself forward by the seat in front of us as I gave her a little boost for help. Smoothing her dress back down, since it had been pushed practically around her waist by the fall, she walked back out of sight. I sat there in the semi-dark wondering what she meant by "Don't go away, I'll be right back." Shit, I was on a plane 30,000 feet in the air, where was I going to go? My imagination began to run wild. There was no way anything was going to happen right? I mean this sort of stuff never really happened, did it?

I didn't have to wait very long for the answer. I heard the sound of the curtain closing and then felt a hand on my shoulder. She came around the side of my seat, bringing herself in front of me. As she did she lifted one leg over to the other side of my far hip and finally lowered herself onto my lip. She faced me so that our noses practically touched. I could feel the heat of her sex in my lap directly over my rock hard cock and smell the sweetness of her quickened breath. She wrapped her arms around my neck and rocked her hips forward with a slow motion. 

"So," she purred. "I figured it wouldn't be fair to leave you in the, um, state I have put you in."

I didn't know what to say. I'm usually pretty quick with the come-backs, but I was too stunned to think. I just leaned forward and brought my one hand to the back of her head, pulling her to my lips. I kissed her deep and hard, our tongues probed and dueled in each other's mouths. Her kisses were divine! I had been waiting for months to be able to do this and it was everything I had dreamed and more. Her tongue dueled with mine as her hands roamed over my body. It was like she couldn't get enough.

Linda (at least that was the name on her ID tag) continued to rock over my erection, grinding herself on its hardness. She pulled away from our kiss sighing and gazed at me with a wicked look in her eyes. Grabbing my hands she placed them over her breasts. I could feel her hard nipples against the palms of my hands as they encircled her soft, supple globs. No other guidance was necessary. I massaged her breasts with my fingers and worked toward her nipples. Once I felt them between my fingers I gave them a gentle pinch. Through the thin shirt could feel that they were hard and sticking out like pencil erasers! Linda lunged forward almost instantly and mashed her mouth against mine, moaning loudly into my mouth as she did. She moved her hands down; first trailing her hands down my toned chest and abs, then down to the bulge in my uniform pants. Her fingers quickly found my belt and went to work getting it apart. Then she started to unfasten the buttons on the front of my pants; pulling the opening as wide as she could, she reached in and grasped my thick 8 inch cock through my boxers. Linda moaned again as she pulled herself upright. I could tell by the look in her eye she liked what she saw when she freed my heavy shaft. She then closed her hand around the shaft and pumped it slowly a couple of times, milking a large drop of pre-cum to the tip. Quickly she brought her thumb up over the head of my cock and spread the slick fluid around causing my thick head to glisten slightly in the low light. 

"Let's get this monster inside me!" she exclaimed.

I looked down at the sight of her petite hand grasping my cock and could have burst right there. She released my erection and brought both of her hands to her waist. First she pulled the small skirt up higher on her hips. Then, reaching to the sides of her panties, she untied two little bows that sat high on her hips. Once untied the thin material dropped down to reveal the most beautiful pussy I have ever seen. Her bush was neatly trimmed into a small, short red strip. Her pale mound was perfectly visible even in the low light of the cabin and I could just make out the silver ring that pierced her clit.

Linda took the panties she had just removed and tossed them into the seat next to me, reaching down she grasped my hard cock and sighed. I saw her smile as she ran her thumb over the head again, teasing its silky head. I was starting to breathe a little harder anticipating what was to happen next. Linda guided my throbbing erection to her pussy, resting her hot slit against the bottom of my shaft. Then, with a gleam in her eye she slide her soaking wet pussy up and then back down the underside of my cock. My God this was torture! She looked into my eyes, and I could see she knew what she was doing was killing me. I didn't want to blow it, but I was so close. With a smile she grasped my thick cock around the base and rubbed my cock head back and forth over her opening, wetting the tip with her juices. 

All I could do was grit my teeth and try not to shout out loud as she slowly dipped down and slid the tip of me into her velvet tunnel. Holy fuck did she feel good! I looked straight into her eyes as she came down, impaling herself on my hard shaft. Linda sucked in her bottom lip as she slid down my length, groaning as she did; finally stopping as I bottomed out deep inside her. 

Linda leaned to the side of my head, took my ear in her mouth and lightly bit, then sucked the bottom of my lobe. 

"Fuck me soldier. Fill my little cunt with that monster of yours!" She hissed into my ear. 

My cock twitched at her words. I grabbed her hips and I lifted her off of me a little and then began to thrust into her as I pulled her down; then I lifted her again gaining a little more motion to rub against her pierced clit. Linda helped in her own way by supporting herself with her legs to come up off of my cock and then brought her weight back down as I thrust up into that hot, tight pussy. She had her lower lip back in her mouth, which looked sexy as hell! It was getting harder for me not to get vocal. I was starting to grunt as I thrust into her. The feeling of her wet pussy was almost too much to bear. I could feel the cool of her clit ring at the base of my cock when she came down hard in my lap. I brought my hands up to her breasts again, this time I pushed her shirt up over them. Now I was staring at her beautiful tits. I took in the contrast of her pink nipples on her pale skin. Leaning forward I took one nipple into my mouth and sucked it in hard. Linda bucked forward, pulling my face up to hers and mashed her lips to mine, just in time for her to groan loudly into my open mouth. 

Pushing back she looked down at me and moaned "Again!" 

Hell, she didn't have to tell me twice. I bent forward again and took the opposite nipple between my teeth and pulled on it like it was the pin on a hand grenade. This time she looked at me wide eyed as she ground her hips forward; keeping my length inside but moving it in her pussy. I was suddenly surprised by the feeling of the walls of her cunt around my shaft. She was convulsing the muscles inside. I could feel the tightness move up and down my shaft embedded inside her. It was my turn to moan and buck as I felt my gut tighten; feeling the pressure of my impending orgasm building deep in my loins.

Linda must have figured I was getting close by my quickening pace, or the small moans that I couldn't hold back. Either way she must have known I was preparing to fill her with eight months of pent up sexual tension. She started riding me again, using long deep strokes, and rubbing her pierced clit on my shaft as I pounded into her. I could hear her breath begin to quicken. She brought one hand to one breast and pinched, then pulled her nipple, moaning out loud this time. Neither of us cared at this point. I was so close to cumming my eyes were starting to water and toes were curled in my boots!

Practically on the brink I took her free nipple between my teeth again and tugged hard. Linda bucked forward violently, mashing her clit against the base of my shaft. Letting go of her nipple, she grasped one of mine and pinched it hard. That sent me over the edge. The image of an empty fire hose suddenly filling with water came to mind as I felt my orgasm overtake me. Cum rushed up my shaft and shot out of my cock deep inside her. I quickly wrapped my arms around her and held her down tight to me as jet after jet of my seed spurted out of my throbbing cock and into her pussy. Linda's orgasm hit her split seconds after mine. I could feel her pussy clutching at my cock as I filled her with cum. There was a sudden rush of warmth as she came around my thrusting shaft. I could feel her cum on my balls and the inside of my thighs as we ground together. I watched through half closed eyes as she quivered in my lap, arching her back and flinging her head back. My orgasm washed over me in waves as the spasms in my cock slowly subsided. Linda slowed her pace and finally stopped moving altogether. Breathing heavily she looked back down at me and smiled broadly. 

"Welcome home soldier." She said huskily. "Feel free to fly these friendly skies anytime." 

I just smiled up at her, breathing heavily myself. Slowly she extracted herself from my still semi hard prick. As soon as the head of my cock came out of her, a trickle of cum oozed from between her pussy lips, dripping into the floor between my feet.

"You made quite a mess." She grinned. I ran a finger between her slick slit, capturing some of the mingling juices from our union. Bringing the finger to my lips I tasted and smelled the combination of our fluids. Again, Linda sucked in that bottom lip and took in a sharp breath between her teeth.

"Oh, you're looking for trouble mister!" She exclaimed. 

Smiling back at her I withdrew my finger. "You have no idea." I said grinning back. She smiled and looked back toward the back of the plane. No one stirred. She pulled her skirt back down and strutted back down the aisle toward the lavatories. 

I spent the next few minutes getting myself put back together. Only moments later it seemed the pilot was announcing that we would be landing soon. Moments flew by and before I knew it we were on the ground and taxiing to the gate. I still couldn't believe what had happened as we came to a stop. To my surprise and disappointment I didn't see Linda as I was getting ready to leave. Glancing down to be sure I didn't forget anything I noticed her panties sitting in the seat next to mine. "Well," I thought to myself with a grin. "At least I have proof to show for this little story." 
