 She met him at the door, bourbon Manhattan in hand. She was clad only in a sheer black thigh-length shirt buttoned just below her 38D bust between her erect nipples, red satin and lace panties and three inch mules that accented and defined, above slender ankles, the muscles in the calves of her legs. She kissed his mouth and exchanged his briefcase for the cocktail.

He was exhausted. He had worked 80+ hours this week and although entirely thrilled by the greeting, he also felt disappointed that he probably would not be able to do this sexy woman justice.

"I know what you're thinking."

"Oh, yeah? What am I thinking?"

"Your thinking you're too tired for this."

"You're right, but don't worry, darling. Go take a load off in your regular chair in the living room where you can turn on the TV and put your feet up and I'll be right there."

She put his brief case down in its usual by the table in the entryway and headed for the kitchen.

As he does not like to eat dinner directly upon arriving home, she had prepared for him instead, a plate of country pate on melba toast rounds with red onion, sour cream and capers for him to enjoy.

He watched her come across the room nipples erect. For a 5'2 woman her shapely legs looked long. The sheer black top flattered her opulent figure. She served him the hors d'oeuvres. 

"Come here."

He took her hand and gently pulled her towards him. Her D cup breasts swung free under the see-through blouse. He fondled them lovingly and gave her a moist open-mouthed kiss.

"You look so sexy, dear."

"Thank you, darling, you just rest there and enjoy. I have to get one more thing."

He watched her ample ass undulate softly through the veil of the shirt as she walked off towards the bedroom. There she got his slippers and headed to the bathroom. There she got out the foot- bath. She filled it with warm water and Epsom salts. She threw a towel over shoulder, put the bottle of Gold Bond in a slipper and carried foot-bath, towel, powder and slippers back to the living room. 

As usual he was sitting in his easy chair with his feet up on the foot stool. She put the foot-bath down in front of his chair. She lifted one foot off the stool and then picking up the other foot she sat down in front of him on the stool. One at a time she untied the shoes on his tired feet. Removing it and the sock under it she then gently placed the foot in the warm bath.

He liked it that she was naked to the waist in front of him beneath the diaphanous fabric and despite his weary state his manhood was becoming restless.

She took each foot in turn from the bath, dried it, powdered it, massaged it and then put it in a slipper. As she held a foot in her lap, he liked playing with her tits with his toes. It made her smile. She liked it too.

"Did I tell you that I love you, today?"

"Yes, dear. You told me that this morning as you kissed me at the door and headed off to work. I told you that I love you, too."

"Ah, yes. Well, I'm telling you again, I love you."

"I love you, too, my sweet. Let me clear this all away and I'll be back."

She returns with the fully lined satin robe that she made him as a Valentine's day present. She strips him naked and he dons the robe. He likes the way the satin feels against his skin and she brings him dinner.

"Are you done eating?"

"Yes."

"Good. Now come with me."

"Oh, hon, I can't. You are so enticing tonight, but I can't."

"Yes, you can. It's time for your massage."

"Massage? Okay."

She had prepared the bedroom earlier that day with clean sheets, candle light and flowers. The covers were folded down across the bottom of the bed. She removed his robe and bid him lay face up with two pillows under his head, fully naked on the bed. She had him lift his hips off of the bed so that she could place a pillows covered with a towel beneath him. She set his legs slightly apart, and had him bend his knees just a little.

Setting herself between his legs, she removed her top so that she was naked to the waist. 

"Now just lie back and enjoy. Don't do anything. I am your personal Goddess and I am going to nurture and pamper you. I'm going to do it all."

She relished looking at him from this angle. She took in every inch. Strong thighs led to the darker skin of his scrotum and groin. Curls of salt and pepper pubic hair cover the area. His penis was now completely engorged and erect to its full seven inches was even more extant as the pillows under this ass elevated his hips. 

Although not part of the Tantric massage ritual she had intended, she could not resist. She just had to draw the tips of her nipples over his inner thighs, scrotum and shaft. She played a little with the tips of her nipples and the head of his cock and then wrapped his stiff member between her soft breasts and massaged his cock with her large tits. 

Sitting back on her haunches she begins the massage and explains, "I am going to massage your abdomen, thighs, chest, and nipples with warm aromatic oil. Nothing will escape my attention. Although our perceptions of sensuality and lust are located here, these intimate areas are an important source of joy in our life and my purpose, tonight is to give you a feeling of comfort and sense of well-being. Orgasm is not the goal of the massage although it can be a pleasant and welcome side effect. You as a man can become multi-orgasmic without losing a drop of semen. Orgasm and ejaculation are two different responses that you can learn to separate. Your job is to relax and surrender to a form of pleasure you may not have experienced before."

Pouring a small quantity of warm oil on her hands and laying her torso over his, she begins by massaging his chest. She gives special attention around his nipples circling and arousing them to erectness. Small round and hard she decides to play with the tips by flicking them and circling them with her tongue. She draws a hard nub into her mouth and sucks it hard while massaging the opposite breast in her hand. 

He is surprised at the sensitivity of his own breasts and encourages her to continue and she can feel him hard on her belly beneath her. Moving the massage down over his stomach all the while adding more oil to her hands she decides to concentrate on the shaft of his penis and testicles. Gently massaging his testicles, she observes that massaging his scrotum gently has caused his balls, originally high and tight, to relax. Moving to the area above his cock she massages on the pubic bone and entire groin into the creases of his thighs. She adds more oil as she needs so that there is no irritating friction.

Moving her attention to his hard cock, she takes her time using plenty of oil massaging the shaft varying speed and pressure. Gently squeezing his cock at the base and alternating her right and left hand, from the bottom up she pulls up and slides off. Right, left, right, left, etc. Then, changing the direction she starts by squeezing at the head of his stiff member sliding down and off. Again, alternating right and left hands. Now concentrating on the head of his rod, she uses her fingers around the head of his cock as if she were using an orange juicer. She massages all around the head and shaft under the sensitive flange. She has never seen him so hard.

She decides to finish this part of the massage with a little fellatio tonguing and sucking the head. Moving down the shaft she nuzzles his sack and licks his balls popping each testicle one at a time in her mouth she gently rolls it around with her tongue and then releases it.

"My God, this is wonderful," he moans.

"I'm glad it pleasures you. The best is yet to come."

What she was hoping to do next for him as she massaged his perineum, the area between the testicles and anus, was to locate the place that in Tantric massage is called, "The Sacred Spot". 

Beginning again she slathers her hands and perineum with warm oil. She rubs gently at first letting her fingers feel every nuance of skin from his scrotum down around his anus. About midway between his testicles and anus was the small indentation a little larger than a pea when she gently pushed inward and rubbed the area with small circular motions. 

"Wow, that's different."

"Does it hurt?"

"No, it's unsettling. It's so intense."

"Do you want me to stop?"

"No, don't stop."

"Do you like it?"

"I think I like it, but it's so different I can't tell. I can feel it all the way to the tip of my cock. It's incredible."

"Well, I'll keep massaging and you let me know if you want me to stop."

As she continued to massage she saw that the glans that had been so large and so hard had become flaccid and now rested full length out on his thigh. Relaxing more deeply, he drifted off to sleep. 

Satisfied that she had accomplished her mission, she finished her massage by covering him lightly with the sheet. She returned from the bathroom after washing her hands. Pulling up all of the covers she crawled in under and snuggled up to her man still half-naked in her beautiful red satin and lace panties joining him in a contented sleep.