 I had been thinking about you all day. I wanted to surprise you when you got home from college classes. I slip into my black tank top with no bra underneath a pair of thigh highs and a short skirt and no panties. I meet you at the door, smiling at you, my eyes sparkling with mischief. "Welcome home my sweet baby." I say with a chuckle. You look at me with a raised eyebrow." What are you up to?" you ask. I just chuckle softly and take you by your hand leading you to the bedroom. "I have a surprise for you my love." 

I lead you over to the bed and playfully push you down before turning to put some music on. I slowly start to sway to the music. I move my hips in perfect rhythm to the beat as I walk over to you. I slowly tease you as I straddle your lap. I seductively lift my shirt up as I dance in front of you. Your hands move to my breasts. I take them in my hands and put them back down to your side. "Nope my sweet Nicky, no touching, yet…" 

I slip off my shirt as I move sensually to the music, still straddling your lap. "You like lap dances, right?" I say laughing softly. I teasingly guide one of my breasts to your sweet lips, letting my hard nipple graze your lips slightly before stepping back. I unbutton and unzip my skirt; slipping it over my hips and letting it fall to the floor. Leaving me swaying softly to the music in nothing but my thigh highs in front of you. I move back to straddle your lap, grinding down on you, you feel the heat of my excitement through your jeans. I can feel your cock growing hard as I pull your lips to my breasts. You move your hands to my thighs and slip on the thigh highs down sliding it off my leg…then move to the other before letting your hands move back up to grip my ass. 

I slip off your shirt and kiss you deeply. You stand slipping off your jeans and boxers. Your hand moves lightly over my skin, moving up my back as you kiss me passionately. Your fingers tangle in my hair gently but firmly pulling it over to one side revealing my neck. Your lips gently caressing me with hot sweet wet kisses. I feel your teeth gently sink into my skin as you nibble lightly before releasing my hair. 

I drop to my knees in front of you, taking your cock in one hand, stroking it gently as my other hand moves to graze your balls lightly with my long fingernails. I slowly suck you into my hot wet mouth. My tongue swirls around your hard cock as I push my lips tightly over your shaft. Your hard cock delves into my tight throat as you reach to grip my hair again, pulling me towards you as you thrust deeper into my contracting throat. I meet your long even thrusts taking you deeper into my throat, the gentle tugs on my hair turning me on so much. My saliva coats your hard cock as I continue to suck harder and a little faster. 

You release your grip on my hair as my hands move up your body. I push you back onto the bed playfully. I slowly move up between your legs until I feel your cock pulsing against the tender skin of my breasts. I press my breasts tightly around your slick cock and begin to stroke your cock. Feeling your pulsing excitement as you glide between my breasts as your soft moans fill the room. You reach down and let your fingers glide across my clit before exploring my tight wet pussy with them. My moans grow louder with the feel of your touch. I press my breasts even tighter around you as you thrust between them. My body quivers with pleasure as you rub my clit in small gentle circles. Our bodies tense as we both build to a slow intense climax. We both cum hard. My sticky sweetness drenching your fingers as your thick hot cum coats my breasts. I move my mouth to your cock catching your cum on my tongue. God I love the way you taste. I wrap my lips tightly around you, milking every last drop of your salty sweet cum, swallowing every last drop. I snuggle up close to you. "I love you Nicky. I think we need to snuggle a bit so we can rest up…because I'm just getting started" I say laughing. I nuzzle your neck kissing you gently as we lay in each other's arms. Our hands caressing one another gently. 

As you lay beside me your fingers glide down my chest. Slick with your cum, you circle your fingertip around my hard nipple. Your eyes sparkle as you watch me cup my breasts. Leaning over as I lift my breasts slightly I run my tongue around my hard nipple tasting your salty sweet cum. "God I love the way you taste Nicky." I grin at you seductively. You're cock hardens as you watch me licking your sticky sweetness off my breasts. "What do you want my baby cakes." You ask with a devilish grin. I guide your hand to my hot wet pussy, feeling your fingers enter me. A soft moan escapes as I breathlessly answer, "I want you to fuck me hard Nick." Your eyes fall on mine igniting passionate sparks. "I do believe I owe you a trip to the shower don't I?" you ask as you pull me to you kissing me deeply. A grin plays across my lips. "You know exactly what I want, You always do." I reply slyly. 

You lead me into the shower. After getting the water the right temp you turn and pull me against you. Your soft lips covering mine in a deep sensual kiss as your hands cup my ass lifting me up. I wrap my arms and legs around you as we step into the shower. The hot steamy water rushes over our bodies. Your hard thick cock pulses between us as I reach down guiding you to me as you lean in pinning me to the wall and filling me with one deep hard thrust. Your kisses move to my neck as I push my back against the wall trying to meet your thrusts. Your fingertips press into my skin as you grip me tighter spreading my cheeks apart slightly as you drive your hard thick shaft deep inside me as you pull me towards you. I can feel your hot breath as you moan softly kissing and nibbling on my neck. Your thrusts grow harder as we both get lost in the passion of our lovemaking. "I want you deeper and harder Nicky." I whisper in your ear. You grin at me. 'You certainly are in a wild mood." You say laughing softly. "You have no idea," I say grinning back. "I've thought about you non stop all day." 

You step out of the shower; my arms and legs still wrapped tight around you, as you carry me to the bed. I turn and get on all fours as you lay me down. I feel the warmth of your hands as you run them over my cheeks, letting them massage their way up my arched back before moving to my breasts. I reach back and guide your cock to my tight hot pussy as your hands cup my breasts, pulling me back into you. My cries of ecstasy spill out into the room as you drive your cock deep inside me with long even powerful strokes. Your hands move to my hips. Your hips crash into me with each hard thrust as you pull me back into you. Your balls slap against my glistening sticky slit. You lean down kissing and nibbling on my neck as I grip the sheets pushing back into you. Each thrust sends tingles radiating through me as I build to an intense climax. My pussy gripping you're cock like a vice with each rolling wave of pleasure. I feel your body tense as I feel your hot thick cum exploding deep inside me, mixing with mine as it flows over your cock. We both collapse on the bed completely exhausted and satisfied. Both of us quiver with total satisfaction as we cling to one another in a passionate embrace.