 The sun was shining brightly melting the snow into tiny puddles across the sidewalk and parking lot. Even with the heat waves coming down, it was still freezing. I stepped out of my car, pulling my sweater closer to my body so I could zip it up enough to keep myself a bit warmer but still allow some cleavage to show through. I knew I probably looked ridiculous in a tank top with a thin black sweater, but I had to look good. He hasn't seen me in months, except for in my pajamas through a grainy web camera. Honestly, pain is beauty. At least freezing my ass off will give me those cute pink cheeks. 

Butterflies were bubbling in my stomach as I clicked the lock on the car and walked away as it beeped back to me. I carefully walked across the lot, making sure to look for black ice and for cars that weren't paying attention. I could hear planes flying in from all different directions and my heart gave a tiny leap. I was at the airport early but his flight could be early too. I stepped inside the revolving glass doors and pushed a hand through my hair, making sure it was still parted the right way and laying flat against my shoulders. Now, the waiting. 

I picked my way through the crowds of people, looking up at the signs for the right Airline. Why did airports have to be so confusing? He had told me I could just wait down at the baggage claim, but like I told him, there was no fucking way I was going to stand around and try to look for him at a baggage claim. I was going to wait at the gate and the moment he stepped off that plane I was going to be in his arms. As the escalator brought me up to the second floor, it gave the butterflies that were flitting through my stomach weight. I was nervous, excitement screaming through my body. I honestly didn't know what to expect and I was sure the wait was going to kill me.

Would he look any different? Tanner maybe? Would he have gotten any taller? Or gotten thinner? Maybe bigger with more muscle mass... Would he recognize me when he stepped through the gate? I laughed nervously to myself. What a stupid question. Of course he would recognize his own wife. It hadn't been that long... right? I walked up to the airport security sitting at the gate and handed him my military ID. He called over another security guard who walked my through the security lines and walked with me to the gate where he would be getting off the airplane. I sat in one of the oversized blue chairs, crossed my legs and put my purse on my lap.

Around me people were going about their business, looking for their airlines and dragging little kids along behind them. I glanced down at my cell phone and sighed. Forty minutes to go. I rummaged through the inside of my purse, pulling out a lip gloss and running it over my lips. They were slick now, but most of it would absorb by the time he got off the plane so that my lips would shine but not make a mess when he kissed me. Placing it back I glanced at the phone again. Thirty eight minutes. If I reapplied lip gloss every three minutes, I would only have to put it on seven more times and then the plane would be here. I laughed to myself and leaned back into the chair, letting my eyes fall closed. 

Absentmindedly I twisted the pair of dog tags I was wearing around my fingers, letting them fall back against my chest before picking them up again. Sometimes when I was thinking about him I found myself playing with them or chewing on one of the tags. I bet it's been five minutes... I thought and snuck a peak at my cell phone. Only thirty four minutes left. This was going to be the death of me. 

I looked back down to my purse and found a small novel I had shoved in earlier that morning. I hadn't even looked at the title and laughed when I realized it was book six out of a series. At least I had read them all before... I flipped it open but every couple of words I found my mind wandering again. The butterflies had turned into rocks and felt like they were slamming against my sides. I found I was tapping my foot against the floor and crossed them to make the shaking stop. People had started to assemble around me, getting ready to board the plane that he would soon be stepping off of. There was a couple sitting across from me, the woman had her leg crossed over her partners knees and was leaning her head on his shoulder. His arm was placed securely around her back and he was whispering something to her, his eyes shining as she started to laugh. 

I smiled at them, happy for them and was glad for the change in attitude. For the past couple of months, every time I saw couples together, stabs of envy would curl through my stomach. I sighed again and looked towards the large screen hanging over the gate to make sure the plane was on schedule. Stealing a glance at my phone again I saw that there were only twenty minutes left. I put the book back into my purse and turned my body towards the doors.

I pushed open my phone and sent my mom a quick text, letting her know I was waiting at the airport now. His mom had sent me a text earlier that day asking when she would see him but I delayed my response until he could make that decision. I was going to be the first one to see him and spend his first night back with him. I entertained myself with people watching and random thoughts about what would happen when we finally left the airport. As wicked thoughts danced through my mind, a calm woman's voice rang through the terminal to announce that the flight had arrived and they were in the process of un-boarding the plane. I sat up straight in my chair, and tugged the hem of my sweatshirt down. I had a couple minutes to fix my clothing and I wished I had a mirror so I could check my hair and possibly touch up my makeup.

I looked up as people started coming off of the plane and held my breath as my eyes scanned each person waiting for him to emerge. People were flooding out of the gate, lugging their suitcases, briefcases, and purses with them as they pulled out their new tickets or cell phones to try and figure out where they were going next. As each person passed by my chair, I could feel the beating of my heart increase in my chest. Finally, after what felt like an eternity, I saw him. He walked through the doors and my breath caught in my throat. He looked so good. He had his laptop case slung over his shoulder and was looking down at his cell phone. I smiled knowing in a minute or so when he finally looked up from his phone, my own phone would be buzzing, asking where I was. I stood quickly, weaving my way through people, never taking my eyes off of him. When I reached him, he looked up and met my eyes, a smile instantly spreading across his lips. 

"Hey baby." He said softly, opening his arms so I could fall into them. I wrapped my arms around his neck as he pulled me against him, holding me tightly. "Are you okay?" He half laughed as I felt the tears instantly spring to my eyes.

"Yes." I whispered pressing my face into his neck. I can feel him laughing and I start to laugh myself. "I missed you so much."

"I know baby, I missed you too." He pulled me back to meet my eyes before pressing his lips against mine. Instantly, my body reacted and shiver went through my body. I could sense people around us staring at us, smiling at us. I pulled back from him and slid my hand down his arm, wrapping our fingers together. His hand felt warm in mine and they fit perfectly with mine. "Ready to go?"

"Of course I am." I squeezed his hand and he tossed his bag over his shoulder. I allowed him to pull me forward after picking up a small bag at the baggage claim, we left the airport to find my car. I slid into the driver's seat and turned to face him. "Kiss me." I demanded. He smiled and pulled my head towards him, crushing our lips together. I moaned softly as I pushed myself closer to him, wishing the arm rest wasn't in between us. Our lips moved together and I could feel my body responding. I couldn't wait to feel the rest of his body. His hand on the side of my face was warm and felt good. He laughed and pulled away.

"Drive baby." I smiled back at him and turned around to turn on the car. He relaxed back into the seat, reaching over to place a hand on my knee and started talking about his flight. 

***

"Three something... what room did she say?" I asked as we stepped off of the elevator onto the third floor of the hotel. "I wasn't paying attention."

"I know you weren't. You were too busy with your hands in my pocket and trying to get people not to notice." He laughed at me and I smiled as I turned to kiss him.

"I'm pretty sure that woman noticed."

"Yeah, I'm pretty sure she did. Three twenty baby." He grabbed my hand and pulled me towards the door. 

"Someone's eager." I laughed as we reached the door. I took the key from him and pushed it into the slot, pushing the door open as it clicked.

"Well, when you spend a year surrounded by a bunch of guys..." He trailed off as we stepped into the room. He pushed the door shut, dropped his bag, and then pushed me roughly by the shoulders, pressing me against the wall. "Baby, you have no idea how badly I want you."

"I might have some idea." I whispered, pulling him against me. He made a small sound and then his lips were on mine. He pressed his body against me and I could already feel his cock through his pants. I moaned against his lips and grabbed his hips to pull him closer to me. His hands pushed up my shirt and as his fingertips graced my skin, I felt like I was on fire. My breath caught in my throat and all I wanted was to rip all of my clothes off and fuck him senseless. "Baby..." I moaned as he moved from kissing my lips to kissing my neck. I stood there helpless, clinging to his back as he ground himself into my leg. It was slightly painful, but felt so good. "Move."

I pushed him away from me and slammed him into the opposite wall. A small look of surprise crossed his face before he smiled and pulled me to him. I bit his lower lip, sucking it into my mouth and felt his cock twitch through his pants. I smiled and slipped my hand between us, wrapping my fingers around it and squeezing. He groaned in response and I released him and started unzipping the jacket. He helped me remove it and I threw it to the ground. I ran my hands up his chest slowly, pulling his t-shirt up as I felt his body. He stood there and watched me, a weird look on his face. 

"What?" I asked, pulling the shirt over his head. 

"You have no idea how much I missed you. And you have no idea how beautiful you are." I shook my head slightly and could feel myself blushing. I knew he wouldn't notice, my cheeks were pink from the cold anyways. He grabbed my hand again and pulled me towards the bed, pushing me down gently. He sat on the end of the bed and started to remove his boots. 

"That's going to take you an hour." I laughed and started kissing his shoulders and his back, pressing my fingers into his sides and his chest as I did so. 

"With you doing that it will." He replied as I bit the side of his neck. I kissed the spot and smiled against his skin. I waited until his boots were off before I pulled him back so he was laying down. "No fair, it was my turn."

I smiled in response and started to kiss my way down his chest. I pulled on the top of his pants, making his hips move towards me. "Take them off, I don't want to fuck with your stupid belt." He laughed, probably remembering the last few times I attempted to undress him from his uniform. He moved my hands away and undid the top of his pants so I could pull them off. I wrapped my hands around the fabric and pulled, taking everything off, socks included. 

He lay before me completely naked, and I could feel my body grow warm. "God baby, just looking at you makes me wet." I whispered, climbing onto the bed to kneel beside him. He sat up and started to kiss me as he unzipped my sweater. I pulled it off of my hands and he was right there pulling off my shirt. As he reached for the button of my jeans he started to kiss my chest and bite the soft flesh. My breath hitched again and I pressed myself forward against his lips. He licked my chest and reached around my back to unclasp my bra. As my chest fell free he moved forward to catch a nipple in his mouth, sucking softly. "Baby..." I moaned shifting towards him. He smiled and swirled his tongue around the tightening peak. His hands slowly slid my jeans from my hips and I kicked them off the rest of the way. 

He moved to the other nipple and started to suck on it gently. I gripped his shoulders and pressed myself forward. I wanted him so badly, I wanted to feel him move inside of me, I wanted him to touch me and to taste me and to fuck me. As if he were reading my thoughts, he slid a hand into my panties, pressing his fingers deep inside of me. I gasped loudly and pressed myself against his fingers. He moved away from my chest and started to kiss me as he moved his fingers in and out. 

"God baby, you're so fucking wet." I moaned in response and he moved his hand to rub my clit slowly. My body was instantly wetter and I could feel my pussy tighten in response. I moved away from his lips and moved my hips closer to him. I didn't want him to stop. I bent down and wrapped my fingers around his cock. He moaned and his fingers paused for a second. I smiled and took him into my mouth. "Baby..." He whispered closing his eyes. "God, that feels so good." I nodded in response, sucking gently and pulling his cock almost out of my mouth before taking it entirely into my mouth. I moved my tongue around the head of his cock, reveling at the feeling. The skin was soft and warm. I moaned as he shoved his fingers inside of me again, using his thumb to rub my clit. I moved a faster up and down his cock as he finger fucked me. 

"Baby...." I moaned around his cock, moving my free hand to the other side of him so I could steady myself. I was trying to concentrate on what I was doing but could feel my body starting to shake. "Feels so good..." I cried out softly as my body struck a chord, a shiver went through my body. He started to move his fingers faster and I used my hand to pump up and down his shaft, my mouth still working at the top of his cock. 

"Babe, stop." He reached for my arm, pulling me away from his cock and pulled me down to lay beside him. I arched my back as he continued to finger me and cried out again. He smiled, knowing I was close. 

He removed his hand and pulled my underwear away from my body. My breathing was staggered and reached towards him pulling him to my lips. He pressed himself against my body as he kissed me, darting his tongue out to press against my lips. I opened my mouth in response and pressed my tongue against his. "I want you baby."

"Not yet." He replied and started to kiss his way down my body. He took his time as he moved down and I reached a hand down to brush his face. He smiled up at me and lifted my legs, pressing his body underneath them. I crossed them over his shoulders. He kissed the inside of my thighs and I felt my body tighten in anticipation. 

"Baby!" I exclaimed as he pressed his tongue into my pussy. I arched my back in response, my body picking up right where it left off. "Peter!" He looked up at me and started to move his tongue faster, licking my clit. I reached up and grabbed the pillow behind me, trying to force myself not to press into his face. He grabbed my ass, pulling me closer and I screamed as he pressed a finger inside of me. I could feel his tongue moving against me, his finger moving inside of me. I threw my head back and felt my hips press up. He sucked my clit and my body jumped and started to shake. "Fuck! Peter!" I yelled, my body was shaking and I screamed again, waves of pleasure washing over me. He pulled me closer drinking me in until my body relaxed and I fell against the bed panting. "I want you. Inside me. Now."

"Are you sure?" He smiled moving back up the bed. I pulled him against me, crushing my lips to his. I could still taste myself on his lips and it made me moan. 

"Yes, I'm sure." I reached down and grabbed his cock, pulling his body towards me as I wrapped my legs around his back. "I want you so fucking bad Peter. I want you to start slowly, I want you to make me squirm. I want you to make me beg for you. And then I want you to fuck me so hard, harder than you ever have before." He raised his eyes at me and slammed his cock deep inside of me. I screamed and dug my nails into his shoulders. 

"Oh, you said start slow." He laughed and pulled back until he was almost out. 

"That was mean." 

"I know." He smiled again and slowly pressed himself into me. "Fuck babe." He whispered. "You're so tight."

"Six months will do that to you." I whispered back, wrapping my arms around his neck. "God, you feel so good." He moved inside of me slowly, kissing my chest and my neck and my face. 

"I love you so much." He whispered, kissing my lips before slamming into me again. 

I cried out and wrapped my legs tighter around him. "I love you too baby." He met my eyes and started to move faster. I pressed my hips up, changing the angle of our bodies. I could feel the pressure starting to build up already. I kissed him softly and met his eyes again. 

Every time he pounded into me, I could hear a small noise come from my throat. "Baby..." I cried, digging my nails into his back, letting him know how close I was. He started moving faster, banging into me over and over again. I could hear the sound of our skin slapping against each other and I cried out as my body started to shake. "Baby!" He began to moan as he slammed himself hard inside of me. I screamed as my body convulsed and my orgasm over took me. He cried out, grabbing the pillow behind me. I screamed again and bit down hard on his shoulder, tears springing to my eyes again. 

He started to slow, slamming into me once more before he fell beside me, reaching over to pull me against his chest. "Shhh, baby it's okay." I didn't even think he had opened his eyes yet. I curled over onto his chest, pressing my body against his. 

"That felt amazing." I whispered, laughing as tears streamed down my face. "I hate being away from you."

"I know baby, I know." He whispered, kissing me gently before laying back down. "Damn, I'm tired now." I laughed and wiped my eyes. I looked up to see him looking at me. "You are so beautiful."

"I love you. So much." I pushed myself up, kissing him again. We lay there for a couple minutes, his hand stroking my arm and my back. I traced circles on his stomach until he started laughing. 

"That tickles." He said squirming. 

"Since when are you ticklish?" I laughed, laying my hand flat against his chest.

"God I missed you...." He kissed me again and then slowly sat up, pulling me with him. "Let's get in the shower and then we'll go get something to eat."

"And then we'll come back and do that again?"

"Yes," he laughed pulling me up with him. "And then we'll come back and do that again."