 It has been four months since I have seen him. Four months is entirely too long to go without feeling his touch. He is coming home tonight and with four months of sleeping alone, we will both be cumming tonight. Work is going to be very difficult today because my thoughts will only be about him. His smell, his touch, his hands on my body, his cock... wow, this is going to be a long day.

Five O'clock is finally here. I have to rush home and freshen up before I go to the airport. Just a quick shower, I took a long one this morning. I chose my clothes carefully. He sent me an email last night with exactly what he wanted to see me in when he arrived. Denim skirt, black strap heals, one of his white shirts, and no panties.

It is finally time to leave. As I get closer to the airport, my pussy gets wetter. I hope his flight is not delayed. I park and rush inside to check the flight status. It was early and has already landed. I can barely contain my excitement knowing that he is already here. 

As I turn to head towards the waiting area, I feel someone's arm wrap around my waist from behind. He pulls me to him tightly. I can feel that he is just as excited to see me. He turns me around to kiss me as he grasp one of my breast. After a few minutes of PDA, I pull away and say, "Welcome home". He looks me over and gives me a smile of approval. It is time to get his luggage and head for the car. 

As we put his luggage in the back, I feel his hand go up my skirt. "One last thing to check" he says. As he runs a finger across my wet lips, he looks at me and says, "nice, very nice." I can't wait any longer and I think he knows it. I quickly shut the door to the back of the Explorer and I pull him by the front of his pants to me so I can feel the hard cock that has been trying to break free from his pants since he kissed me. 

As I unzip his pants and slip my hand around his cock, he asks, "What are you doing?" as he looks around.

"Why do you think I parked in the garage?" I replied. "I didn't want to wait until we got home to feel you inside me. I want you to fuck me now."

He agrees as he raises my skirt. He leans me against the side of the vehicle and helps me pull his pants down just below his ass. He lifts one of my legs as I wrap the other around his waist. I guide him into my throbbing wet pussy slowly. I want to watch and feel all of him as he enters me. As he pushes his cock into me I pull him to me so that I can lick his neck. I have missed the taste of his skin. 

He pulls back from me just enough for him to put my leg that he is holding around his waist. Which each thrust I pull him deeper inside me with my legs. He leans forward to kiss and bite on my neck. Much to my surprise, he then grabs the bottom of his shirt that I am wearing and rips it open leaving my breast fully exposed for him. I can hear the buttons bouncing on the concrete. We knew we had to be quick but I didn't want this to stop anytime soon. As he sucks on my breast I can feel his cock getting harder inside me. Each thrust getting a little deeper.

He grabs onto my ass as he begins to fuck me faster. I tell him that I am going to cum and I want him to cum for me. "Yes I am", he says. I can feel his grip on my ass getting tighter as he begins to cum. I can hear my moans echo through the garage. He knows I am ready to cum. As I am cumming, I pull him deep into me with my legs so that I can feel his cock move with each shot of his cum. 

He pulls my body completely up to him as if to protect or savor my nakedness. He carefully opens the door and sits me in the seat. He pulls his pants up as he kisses my still exposed breast. He shuts the door and walks around to the driver side to get in. As he starts the engine, he looks over at me and says, "Thank you for the Welcome Home." 

I just smiled and said. "I am not finished yet."