 I had been looking forward to this night all week. My man had been out of town for several days and I needed to be fucked hard…real hard. I mean, there is only so much satisfaction a girl can get from vibrators and anal beads. I was ready for some serious, hot, sweaty, can't-catch-my-breath fucking. I longed to taste the sweet saltiness of my man's cum and feel his thick, throbbing cock hit the back of my pussy walls. Luckily, my man had left me the key to his place, so I headed over to set up a sweet, sexy surprise for his homecoming.

I let myself in and headed to the bedroom. My pussy was already wet with anticipation, and I had to resist the urge to relieve myself with my vibrators. Tonight my man was going to see just how much I missed him! I changed the sheets on the bed and misted them with my favorite perfume, which just happens to make him horny as hell. I then strategically placed five sensually scented candles around the room and lit them. Ahhh, it was perfect. A romantic glow, fresh sheets and me! Perfect. Now that the room was set, I was ready to make myself ready for him.

It had been a long day, so I decided a nice hot shower would relax me a bit and kill some time while I awaited the arrival of my sexy, hot man and his thick, throbbing cock. Just the thought of it made my pussy twitch with excitement! The warm water of the shower cascaded down my naked back then I turned to allow it to roll off my breasts. My nipples were craving some attention, so I playfully teased, tugged and pinched them while lathering my soft skin. I wanted to make sure I had a nice, fresh pussy for my man to munch, so I took extra care as I delicately and deliberately rubbed my pussy and ass. Knowing how much he loves it when my pussy is bald, I took extra care as I neatly shaved and trimmed all of the hair out of the way enabling him perfect access to his favorite pussy. Tonight I was all about pleasing my man.

I stepped out of the shower and toweled off admiring my perfectly bald pussy. Oh, was he going to love this! I slipped into his favorite black velvet lingerie and adjusted my swollen breasts to reveal just the right amount of cleavage. I decided to fore go the panties and opted for some silky thigh-high stockings instead. I know what my man likes and I was looking HOT! I finished off the sexy ensemble with his favorite pair of "fuck-me" pumps and misted my body with his favorite perfume. I tousled my long, soft hair and applied some hot, sexy cinnamon colored lipstick. He was going to love this.

I heard the key in the door and my pussy immediately reacted. I just knew some fine sexual satisfaction was just moments away! "Back here", I called as I struck as sexy, provocative pose on the freshly made bed. "Hello, darling", I purred as he walked through the bedroom door. I could see the bulge of his growing cock begging for some relief. He dropped his bags and came over to the bed. I quickly moved to the edge of the bed to meet him…I had to taste that cock! I slowly unzipped his pants and freed the thickest, most delicious cock I had ever tasted! As I wrapped my cinnamon colored lips around his throbbing member, he let out a tremendous moan. I knew he had missed me and my luscious lips teasing and sucking his thick cock. I teased the tip and then took it all…all the way to the base of his shaft. He moaned again with pleasure as I massaged and teased his balls, sucking and sucking his hard cock while stopping now and then to lick and suck his big, hairless balls. I hungrily took his cock into my mouth and sucked harder and harder until he exploded all over my face and into my mouth. I lapped up his sweetness like candy and swallowed it all like it was the last drink on earth.

After I cleaned his cock to his satisfaction, he pushed me back on the bed and dove right into my hot, wet, pulsating pussy. He licked and sucked my clit and fingered my pussy perfectly as he found just the right spot. I was so hot that I came quick, fast and hard! I squirted all over his face. He lapped up every last drop of my sweet juices then thrust his thick, hard, throbbing cock into my dripping wet pussy. He pounded me harder and harder and harder as he ran his hands up and down my silky legs. He them moved his hands to my shoulders and rammed his thick cock deeper and deeper into my pulsating pussy sending me into one orgasm after another. Deciding he had enough in this position, he turned me over, placed his hands on my hips and thrust deep inside me from behind. Leaving my silky stockings and shoes on, he tore off my velvety lingerie and squeezed my breasts hard as he rode me faster and faster. He let go of my breasts and placed his large hands on my hips again to fill me deeper with his throbbing cock. My nipples grazed the soft sheets as he fucked me harder and harder….deeper and deeper. He reached up, grabbed a handful of my hair at the nape of my neck, and rode me even harder. The strokes were long, hard and deliberate. I knew he was going to explode soon. He hit my spot and I squirted all over the fresh, clean sheets. This turned him on even more as he sent me into an orgasmic frenzy! One final thrust came as he pulled out quickly and shot hot cum all over my back. He shook and trembled as, spurt by spurt, he soaked me with his huge load. Exhausted and satisfied, we both collapsed onto the cum-soaked bed. "Welcome home, honey!"