 I went back to my chair, which I pulled back from my desk, and sat down, lolling at full stretch, relaxed and contented.

Dot emerged from her hiding place. I hastened to cover myself up, not having bothered up til then to do up my trousers. 

"Please, not on my account," said Dot, "After what I've just seen and heard, the sight of your equipment is no big deal -- literally and metaphorically at the present time!"

"Thanks a lot!," I said, "But seriously though, that really was something else! Thanks for setting it up for me, I really did think that I had gone past the days of such delights."

"Actually you were very good -- I didn't know you had it in you."

"I didn't; I had it in Lisa -- her mouth anyway."

Dot said, "I am going to be serious now. The little exhibition you and Lisa put on has made me very randy. As I intimated at lunch time, it has been a long time for me since I had some good sex. We've been friends and colleagues for a good many years, but I want to cross a Rubicon with you now which is going to change things between us. I am past the age when I need to worry about pregnancy, so will you give me a good hard fucking?"

"Dot, I would love to!," I said, "Come here and give me a kiss."

She came towards me and leant forward; our lips met in a warm and gentle lingering kiss, and I felt her hand stray down to my cock, which was starting to harden up nicely again.

She broke away. "I am quite intrigued by your s & m idea. I've never been punished like that. I took my knickers off to frig myself while you were dealing with Lisa, so now I'm afraid I'm improperly dressed and you will have to spank me, too."

Without more ado she walked to my right side, then stretched herself over my knee. Hoisting up her skirt and exposing a rather more ample rear than Lisa, but nice and rounded nevertheless, she said, "Just the palm of the hand in the first instance, twelve times, like Lisa. But don't hold back -- I'll tell you if you are over-doing it. I want to see if a little pain really does enhance the fuck that follows"

Well, a gentleman always agrees to do what a lady asks, so without warning I started to spank her with some energy, each buttock alternatively, without pause, bringing a nice red glow to her arse.

Dot gasped with each blow, and her language took on a certain coarseness. Between gritted teeth she said, "You bastard, you'd better fuck me properly after this!"

After being spanked, she got up and took off her blouse, then undid her bra, allowing her ample breasts freedom. She thrust forward to my mouth saying, "Suck these tits, and don't be gentle!" I sucked hard and chewed on each nipple in turn. Her arousal was getting to me. 

"Bend over that desk, bitch, I want to taste your cunt, and then I'm going to fuck you like sex is going out of fashion!"

She did not hesitate, but turned and bent over the desk, spreading her legs, and bringing her hands behind her she hoisted up her skirt and separated her arse cheeks. I knelt behind her and grasped her thighs, pulling her cunt towards my mouth, I sucked hungrily on her outer lips and then went searching for her clittie with my tongue. I sucked and nibbled on her clitoris, then lapped eagerly on her cunt and up to her arsehole and back. Judging by the very animal sounds coming from Dot, and the way she was thrusting her arse at my face, she was very turned on.

Before long she was demanding, "Fuck me now, you bastard, and do it properly!"

I stood up, moved close to her arse, and pushed my cock hard into her waiting cunt. I reached forward and pushed my hands round her to grasp her breasts. She raised herself up somewhat off the desk, saying, "Pinch my nipples while you fuck me!"

I grasped her nipples with thumbs and forefingers, squeezing an pulling on them.

"Get this, bitch," I said, "It will take me a long time to cum after fucking Lisa's mouth so I am going to fuck your cunt as hard as I can," and so saying I started to slam into her with as much force as I could muster. She was obviously enjoying this, bucking her arse in time with my thrusts, as I continued, "And then just when you are about to come, I'm going to fuck your arse, fuck-bitch!"

Her breathing was changing now, starting to come in short gasps, and her orgasm was clearly approaching. I could feel the muscles of her lovely soft and very wet vagina starting to spasm. 

"Don't you dare rape my anus!" she gasped, but she made no move to stop me, as I pushed her down to the desk again, pulled out of her cunt, and positioned my cock head against her anal pucker. I judged that there was enough cunt juice on my cock to provide lubrication, so I pushed into her arse -- there was little resistance. She lifted her head as tears came to her eyes with the pain and the pleasure. She grasped the edge of the desk in front of her, and said between clenched teeth, "I've never been taken in the arse before. Fuck it good or else!"

I grasped her hips and started to thrust gently in and out of her arse. I gave her another couple of hard slaps on her buttocks, "Just to remind you who is in charge. Your cunt and your arse belong to me, now, and later I shall be claiming ownership rights on your tits and mouth too!"

"Fuck me harder, you bastard!"

All this was driving us to the edge, and I thrust deeper and deeper into her anus. Before long we both started to cum with long orgasms. Dot was shouting and shrieking, "Yeeees, fuck me, fuck my arse, I`m cummingggggg..."

I saw stars as I started to pump copious amounts of semen into her.

"I can feel your cum, I can feel your cum in my aaaaarse!" she groaned as she experienced one shuddering cum after another.

As the outside world started to enter my senses again, I realised I had flopped on top of Dot, squashing her onto the desk top. I made an effort to raise myself, and slumped back into my chair. I reached out for Dot and pulled her over to sit on my knee. I put arms around her and cuddled her up, her head resting on my shoulder.

Dot started to cry.

"Dot, I'm sorry! I didn't mean to hurt you!"

"Oh, it's not you," she said through her tears, "It's just the sheer relief. The release of so much frustration."

I held her tighter, and kissed the top of her head, taking in her aroma, enjoying the simple pleasure, the peace of holding another human being.

After a time, her tears subsided, and I spoke again, "Still, I am sorry in a way. You know how the MD feels about what he coyly refers to as fraternisation among the staff. Risking my own job is one thing, but risking yours and Lisa's is entirely another."

"Don't worry," said Dot, "I am discreet, and I am sure Lisa will be. And anyway, it is not as though we are married or in relationships, is it? Besides, it's none of the MD's fucking business."

Well, that was one way of putting it!

"But we are on company premises," I said, "We had better tidy up and go."

I was not sure where I would be sleeping that night, except that it would be beside Dot.