 I'll never forget the day my husband came home to me. He is in the Army and had been in Korea for a year on a hardship tour. It was the most difficult time of my life. The whole time he was gone it was like a part of me was missing. In truth something was missing...my heart. We've been together for seven years now, married for three, and it seems that we are both halves of the same whole. I came alive again the moment I saw him walking through the airport terminal towards me. This was before the heightened security after the September 11th attacks, but since it was 11:30 at night, no one was allowed in the terminal. He had eyes only for me that night. As soon as he stepped through the gate I was in his arms, vowing never to let go again. He had to let go of me only to greet his family, but I was never more than an arms length away from him at any time. Most of the time at the airport was a blur, as was the ride home in the back of my father-in-law's truck. I remember our hands wandering, but not being obvious because of his father in the front seat.

After we arrived home, his mother wanted to see him, naturally, so we had to wait even longer to do what we both needed to do. After what seemed like hours, but was only minutes, his mother went to bed and we were alone at last. 

I don’t remember who made the first move, all I remember is being in his arms, hugging, kissing, touching the places on him that I had been denied. And his hands weren’t idle either. He knows just where to touch me, when, how hard or soft. I can’t explain it; it is very rare that I need to tell him what to do. At first I was shy, after all it had been a year since he had seen me, even though he is my husband. It felt like it was our first time all over again. He sat down on the couch and had me straddle his lap. As he started to unbutton my blouse, the shyness really kicked in. I wasn’t sure if he would still be attracted to me. That was when he pushed his hips up to mine, and all doubts were erased. 

“Did you miss me?” he whispered huskily, as he pressed himself to me again.

I groaned. “You know I did” I replied before claiming his mouth again. “Did you miss me?” I asked him

“What do you think?” he said, as he finished off the last button, claiming my breasts at last. He knows how sensitive they are, he’s been able to make me cum just by teasing my nipples. We kissed hungrily, not being able to get enough of each other. But a growing awareness of where we were started to form in my mind, and I think he realized it at the same time. “Let’s go upstairs”. Let me tell you. That was the longest trip up the stairs I have ever made. We had to stop every few steps, just to touch, to make sure that this wasn’t another fantasy of ours. 

After what seemed like an eternity, we finally made it to our room. Ever the gentleman, he let me go in first, then he shut the door, locking it so our son wouldn’t disturb us in the morning. To this day, I don’t remember removing my clothes, or his for that matter. I just remember us coming together on the bed, hugging each other so tight, like we were never going to let go. Tears started to form in my eyes. I couldn’t believe that he was actually there with me. He just held me tighter, letting me cry it out, speaking the soothing words that I needed to hear from him, that he loved me, and missed me, and that he would never leave me again. He started placing kisses on my cheeks and my forehead, but when he reached my mouth, the kisses became hotter, more passionate. He slowly kissed his way down to my neck, taking a slight detour to the spot just behind my ear, the one he knows will make me melt. By the time he got to my breasts, I felt like I was on fire, I wanted to skip all the foreplay and go at it, but he would have nothing of it. 

“Let me tease you” he whispered against my breast. Now there was no way I could resist him, I never could. I just nodded and he clamped his mouth over my nipple, making me shoot off the bed. I was so lost in the pleasure that he was giving me, I didn’t notice his hand slowly working its way down my body, towards that special spot. He paused, noticing that I had shaved. He groaned, and then slipped his hand between my thighs. Just a light touch and I exploded, my first orgasm from someone other than myself in over a year. But he wouldn’t let up. His caresses became bolder, more demanding. I was not above begging at this point.

“Put your fingers inside me” I pleaded, writhing on the bed.

“No, there is only one thing that you’ll get inside you tonight” he grinned down at me, “Besides, I’m not done teasing you yet”.

“Dammit, I’ll do it myself if I have to”. As soon as the words were out of my mouth, he took my hands and pinned them above my head, so I couldn’t touch myself. 

“Baby, do you still have that scarf?” I shook my head. “Damn, I guess we will just have to get a new one.” He used one hand to keep my hands pinned about my head, and the other kept teasing me, circling my clit, but never coming in contact with it. My moaning was getting louder. “Sshhh… baby, you’ll wake up the boy.”

“Then do something to keep me quiet.” His mouth swooped down to cover mine, his tongue forcing its way into my mouth. He was never really into French kissing, and he hasn’t had a lot of practice, but to me he is a natural. I let out a little sigh, kissing him back with my whole being. After a few minutes of intense kisses, I broke it, feeling light headed.

“Sweetie…I need you.” He still said no, so I wrenched my hands out from his grip, and rolled away from him. 

“Where ya goin, hon?” he asked. I didn’t say anything, and I made him roll onto his back. I kept looking into his eyes, and when it dawned on him what I had in mind, the look he got was indescribable. I slowly leaned over, leaving light kisses on his body as I worked my way down. Once I got to my goal, I kneeled between his knees, stretching up for one last kiss from my love. “Oh, god, baby….don’t tease me…just do it.”

“Do what, dear?” I said with a grin. I settled myself between his legs once more, caressing and kissing the area around his penis. He was squirming, trying to get me to take it in my mouth, but I can tease too. As I exhaled on the tip, his buried his hands in my hair, and practically forced my mouth down. I didn’t fight him, that was what I had been waiting for. Slowly I sank my mouth down over his shaft, taking in as much as I could, putting pressure on it with my tongue as I rose back up. He stopped me right away.

“I can’t take it…I want you too much.” 

“Then what are you waiting for?” I asked sweetly. He rolled me off of him and reached over for a condom. He was so frustrated, that he was having trouble opening it. I took that opportunity to grab hold of his dick, slowly rubbing it. He stopped fumbling with the foil packet, and closed his eyes with a look of pleasure drifting across his face. “You’re gonna have to stop, dear, if you want me to last,” he whispered.

“I’m just trying to keep you in the mood. But if you really want me to stop I will.” As I said that I dipped my head down for one last lick. He rolled on the rubber, pushing me on my back and entering me in one quick thrust. “Oh, god, I missed you…” I said. 

“Sshhh…you talk too much.” He tilted his head down and kissed me. We laid there like that for a few minutes, just kissing each other. Then he started to move. Our lovemaking started out slow, we wanted to make it last as long as possible, but the pent up frustrations from the past year got the better of us. We started moving against each other harder and faster, until he stopped. “I want you on top of me” he rasped. Not one to complain, I rolled over with him until I was on top, in what I believe is a favorite for both of us. Now he has never really told me, but the fact that that’s how we usually end up leads me to believe he loves it as much as I do.

I started to move my hips slowly, back and forth. He buried his hands in my hair, pulling my head down to kiss me, his tongue entering my mouth as he thrust up into me. I moaned into his mouth, moving against him a little harder. As I sat back up, his hands moved from my hair to my breasts, softly caressing at first, then as my sighs started getting louder, the pressure on my breasts increased. He started pinching my nipples, harder and harder, making my sighs turn to moans. I leaned down, kissing him on his neck, his ear, anywhere I could think of. It had been so long since we had been together, I had to keep reassuring myself that he wasn’t an illusion, all the while I was moving my hips, stroking myself against him. He slowed me for a second, only to move us both up on the bed, so he was in more of a sitting position. I grinned at him. I knew what he was doing. He knew it was the best way to make me cum more than once. He took my hands and placed them against the wall above my head. He put his hands on my hips, and I started to move again, using the wall to help force myself down on him, taking him inside me as deep as I could. 

“I missed you”, I whispered . He pulled me down for a kiss and took one of his hands from my hips to play with my clit. “Oh god….” As soon as he touched me, all logical thought was gone. Everything, every thought, every feeling was centered on the pleasure that my husband was giving me. He started to kiss my breast, taking the nipple in his mouth, causing me to cry out. As he covered my mouth with his other hand, I took one of his fingers in my mouth, lightly licking it, in the same way I had licked his dick. This caused him to press down on my clit, making me press down harder, my hips stroking against him faster, trying to cum. The feeling was getting so intense, I felt like I was going to explode. “I’m getting close” I rasped. 

“Cum for me” he breathed in my ear. “I need you to cum.” He went back to my nipple, licking and sucking at the hard bud that had formed. It felt like little electric shocks were running through my body. Just when I thought I couldn’t take it any more, he switched breasts and started his attack on the other one. That put me over the edge.

“Oh, yes, baby…I’m cumming,” I moaned. All the pressure that had been building up let loose all at once, exploding in me like dynamite. I had never cum so hard in my life. I actually saw stars as the orgasm ripped through my body. 

As I started coming down, my hips slowed, but never stopped. My body was still shaking from the intensity of the orgasm. He still hadn’t cum yet, and in his mind I wasn’t done yet. He took his hand off my clit because it was just way too sensitive and put both hands back on my hips. He claimed my mouth again, guiding my hips back and forth. Even thought I had just had a really big orgasm, I could feel the tension forming again. As he guided my hips, I pressed down, rubbing my clit on his pubic bone. I took his face in my hands to kiss him, but he put them back on the wall. “I like it this way” he said huskily. “I want you to cum with me”. With that he kiss me, his tongue entering my mouth, mine sliding against it. Our bodies were straining against each other, both set on one goal. We moved against each other, faster and faster, as the feeling inside us built up, until it washed over both of us.

“I love you” we whispered in unison. “I’m gonna cum” he moaned.

“I wanna hear you” I told him. His hands made my hips move faster, his hips thrusting up into me, his dick sliding in and out. I knew he was getting close. I reached down and started playing with my own clit, bringing myself to the same peak that he was reaching. “Oh…yes…yeeesssss….baby, I’m cumming” I groan, as another orgasm flows through me.

“Ahhh…yeaaaa”, he cries with one final thrust into me. I keep my hips moving slowly, making sure that every last shot is milked out of him.

As our bodies calm down, the love inside us swells, and our kisses are once again gentle. I climbed off of him, and laid down next to him. After a minute or so he excused himself, to go dispose of the condom. When he came back, he got in bed with me, drawing me close to him. I put my head on his shoulder and my arm around him. He just held me, kissing my forehead every once in a while. It wasn’t long after that when sleep began to take over. We murmured words of love to each other, and drifted off to sleep, both fully satisfied and happy that we were together again. We were complete again at last.

This is dedicated to my husband, the man I love, admire and worship, the one who has more control over my body than I do. He is my hero and my best friend. I love you, Babe.