 She walked in the door, dropping her purse and the mail on the end table by the door. She walked into the living room, and plopped down on the couch, closing her eyes. She started to try to relax, and stop thinking about the rough day at work she had had. She had seen his car in the driveway, so when she heard him walking up behind her, she didn't even flinch. Nor did she when she felt his hands slide over her shoulders. They had been living together for a little over a year now, but not as a couple, or as lovers. Just as friends who both were looking for a place to live at the same time. 

Their relationship had never gone beyond playful flirting. So she felt completely at ease as his hands started to gently massage her shoulders. She sighed and slouched down a little more on the couch as his hands delivered her to her own little slice of heaven. He started moving up to her neck, rubbing out the kinks and stress of the day. Little moans of approval escaped her lips as he moved around her head to her temples. He then went back to her shoulders, and started to work his way down her back, but was limited by the back of the couch. 

She sensed the problem, and slowly slipped off the couch and on to the floor. She laid flat on her stomach, and rested her head on her arms folded in front of her. He smiled, and walked around the couch. He stood over her, and then lightly sat down right below her jean-clad ass. He then started to really massage her back. Being able to press a little harder now without having to worry about pushing her forward. He started at her shoulders again, and covered the neck once more, and then started to work his hands down her back, working each and every ounce of stress out of her as he went. He started to get a little frustrated with her shirt, as it would bunch up under his fingers. 

So, he slowly un-tucked it and moved his hands under her shirt, making contact with her warm flesh. She must have shared his frustration with the shirt, because she started to pull it up her back, and then lifted herself up a little to get it under the swell of her breasts. She pulled it over her head, and then used it as a pillow to rest her head on, as she laid her arms out to the side. He smiled again at the sight of her bare back, and the back of her lacy bra, which he quickly unhooked to get out of his way. He now had free access to her back, and really let her have the best massage he could give. More soft moans came from her as he continued to kneed her back over and over again, not missing an inch. He got to her lower back, and really leaned into it. 

The lower back is the hardest part of the back to massage, since the muscles are buried so deep. The pressure he provided did the job, and she sighed and moaned some more. After the attack on her lower back, he moved even lower, getting to the muscles along the top of her buttocks. His thumbs slid under the waistband of her jeans and panties to get to the skin. The feeling he got was one he was quite familiar with. He wanted her. Plain and simple. He pretty much always had, but had chosen to suppress it in the name of their friendship. The feeling she was getting was one she wasn't so familiar with. She had certainly had it before, but not to often. 

She felt the wetness start to appear between her legs, and squeezed them together a little trying to stop it. It only enhanced the feeling though, so she quickly gave it up. She was a little confused by this feeling however. He had never made her feel quite like this before. Although he was a very sweet and giving guy, she hadn't even thought about anything like that between them. The thought now brought her to confusion. She didn't know if this was just an innocent massage, or if he had planned this. What if he wanted her to feel this way? Her thoughts came to a halt at the new sensation she was feeling on her back. He was very lightly running his fingers up and down her back. It sent shivers all through her body, and little goose bumps formed all over her. 

She giggles a little bit, and he apologized, and started to run his hands lightly over her back, as if he were smoothing the skin out. He was having fun. He couldn't help but realize how close his hands got to the sides of her breasts as he slid his hand down her sides. Their excitement continued to grow as he kept up with his ministrations. When he finally finished, he leaned down over her, and took a chance he couldn't believe he was taking. He very lightly kissed her right on the back of her neck. She immediately tensed up, as the little hairs on the back of her neck stood straight up. It apparently had the effect that he wanted. 

She turned her hear around to look at him with excited eyes. He started to stand up, and as soon as the pressure was off of her, she turned over quickly. The sight completely stopped him. He was staring at the girl he had wanted for so long, and she was topless! She put her hands up to him, and he took them in his own, and helped her stand up. She led him by the hand down the hallway, and into her room. As soon as he closed the door, she pinned him against it. She looked into his eyes, and he just looked right back. He was still to shocked to know what to do. 

She leaned up to him, and pressed her lips to his. The shock was almost too much for him, but he quickly melted into her, and returned the kiss. She leaned back to check his reaction, and he smiled, causing her to do the same. She leaned in again, this time his hands went around her to hold her to him. This kiss was much more passionate. Their lips parted and their tongues started to slowly entangle each other. She reached around him to, and started to lift his shirt up. He leaned up from the door to allow her to lift the shirt higher, and the reluctantly broke the kiss to let her remove it completely. 

They immediately restarted the kiss, and slowly he moved her backwards, until her legs ran into the bed. The kiss broke once more, as she sat down on the bed, and then laid back. He stood over her, admiring the woman he had secretly loved for so long. Her beautiful eyes stared back at him, admiring the way he looked at her, and her body. He considered pinching himself to make sure this wasn't another one of the many dreams he had had, but he didn't. He looked over her once more, pausing to admire her gorgeous, size 36C breasts. They were just amazing. Better than he had ever imagined. Perfect in every way that mattered to him. Her nipples sticking straight up, as if they were calling to him. He answered. He slowly leaned down on her, kissing her again. She was very happy that he had done it.

She was beginning to wonder if he had changed his mind. Her hands went around his back once more, and she ran her hands all over his back, making pretty sure that he wouldn't leave her embrace again. His kisses slowly made their way to her neck, where he lightly ran his lips, and his tongue along the sensitive flesh. She shivered and held him tighter as her excitement grew even more. The wetness she felt between her legs was now unstoppable. His actions just made it worse, but oh so better. He started to slowly slide down until his kissed ran between those two towers of beauty that he longed to have. He lifted his head, and hovered over the right one for a couple seconds, again admiring the sheer beauty of it. 

Finally he slowly leaned down and took her nipple into his mouth, and lightly sucked. She moaned loudly, and grabbed the back of his head, holding him in place. He took the hint, and continued to bathe her wanting nipple in more affection than anyone else had ever given it. He lightly ran the tip of his tongue around the nipple, teasing her. It stood up even higher. He went to the other one, and repeated the entire process. After spending what seemed like 10 minutes on her breasts, he finally moved a little lower down her body. He traced the outline of her belly button with the tip of his tongue, as his hands went up to caress the breasts his lips had just left. He slowly brought them down to her jeans. He took hold of the button, and looked up at her as if to ask permission. She simply smiled, and lifter her hips off of the bed a little. 

He took the hint, and quickly unbuttoned and unzipped her jeans, and very slowly slid them over her ample hips, revealing the most beautiful pair of light blue lace panties he had ever seen. When the jeans cleared her hips, he pulled them the rest of the way down, and worked them over each of her feet. After tossing them across the room, he looked up and couldn't help but notice the patch of darker blue fabric between her legs, exposing her excitement to his eyes. 

He simply smiled, and started to kiss his way up her thighs, teasing her as he got closer to her inner thighs, and then went back to the tops of them. He finally answered her prayers, and lightly pressed his lips against the wet fabric between her legs, sending a massive spark of excitement straight through her. Her smell was intoxicating to him, and it made him even more excited than he thought possible. His cock was almost to full length, but still confined in his pants, and it was getting quite uncomfortable. He reached down and adjusted himself, and then reached back up and took hold of the waistband of her panties. He slowly pulled them down as she lifted her hips once more.

The fabric started to reveal a very nicely trimmed V of hair, pointed to the center of her excitement. He slid them the rest of the way off of her legs, and threw them across the room also. He again looked up to see that she had spread her legs slightly, giving him the best view he could ever hope for. He stopped for a moment just to take in the sight, and then stood up again to admire the very beautiful naked woman lying in front of him. He was just smiling when she finally couldn't stand it anymore. She sat up quickly, and went straight for the button on his pants. In an instant, she had them undone, and was pulling them down his legs. 

She looked up to see the outline of his cock in his underwear. It was sticking straight up, and the tip was peaking out of the top of them. She smiled and started to lightly rub it through the fabric with her palm. He moaned and his head fell back. She continued to rub his member and it started to get longer and harder right before her eyes. It amazed her, and she couldn't wait any longer. She grabbed the waist of his underwear, and yanked them down. He cock sprang down right in front of her face. She quietly gasped as she looked at the throbbing piece of man in front of her. She had had plenty of other lovers, but none had ever let her simply look and admire. They were always too worried about their own pleasure. 

Using her simply as a way to achieve their orgasms. She loved the way it looked, and took it in to her hand, and gently squeezed. Again he moaned his approval, and she smiled knowing that she was providing the pleasure to him, as well as herself. She started to lightly stroke his cock as he looked down in amazement. He didn't want it to ever end, but he also wanted to provide her with his own dose of pleasure. He put his hands on her shoulders, and lightly pushed her back down to the bed. He laid on top of her, and kissed her once again. He then slid quickly down her body, and kneeled between her spread legs. He glared once again at the beautiful flower in front of him. He moved closer to it, and lightly blew a stream of air up and down. She shook a little, and moved herself a little closer to him. 

Her scent now filled his nostrils, and it made him drowsy with desire. He leaned in, and lightly licked her delicate flower from the bottom to the top. A loud moan escaped her lips as he did this. He liked the reaction, and used his tongue to part the precious petals. He licked again from the bottom to the top, but this time he stopped at the top, and lightly flicked his tongue over the very sensitive bud. She shook with excitement, and closed her legs, surrounding his head with her thighs, and in effect, pulling him closer into her. He reached up, and started to caress her breasts once again, while his tongue ran all over her juicy center. His started to let his tongue enter her slightly. The new sensation pushed her over the edge, and she came right then. 

She practically suffocated him between her thighs, and her legs closed tightly to prolong the feeling. As her orgasm subsided, the grip on his head also subsided, and he continued to lick her, getting as much of her juices as he could. She reached down and grabbed the side of his head, and started to pull him up. He complied and paused once again to provide her breasts with ample amounts of love. She pulled him up even more, and the leaned up to kiss him with more passion than she had ever kissed anyone with. He melted into her embrace, and laid on top of her once more. 

His cock was rock hard, and pressing against the side of her leg. She spread her legs even more, and reached down under him, and took it into her hand. She started to lightly stroke it again, but quickly realized that he didn't need any help. She pulled him closer to her, and aimed him in the right direction. As the moisture and heat engulfed the head of his cock, he almost lost control. The feeling was just too overwhelming. She removed her hand, and wrapped her hands around his back. He stated to slowly enter her, feeling every single movement he made. 

She was very hot inside, and the sensation was simply amazing. When he hit bottom, he held himself there for quite awhile. She simply kept a hold of him, and drank in the feelings coming from the center of her passion. Finally, he started to withdraw himself, again, quite slowly. He kept going until just the tip was still inside, and then moved back in. This time faster, but still not too fast. When he hit bottom again, she let out a gasp of pleasure, and wrapped her legs around his waist. This provided him a better angle, and he again worked his way out of her, and then back in, this time he found a nice rhythm. In and out, in and out, at a nice pace. 

Not too fast, not too slow, just simply perfect. It didn't take long for her to lose it once again. She screamed as her second orgasm overtook her. She tightened her grip with both her arms and legs, and held him to him her, not allowing him to move. He didn't mind one bit. Just knowing that he had provided her with this orgasm was enough to make him the happiest man on earth. And he couldn't wait to continue that pleasure giving. As her orgasm wound down, she was well aware that he hadn't come yet, and that she was in for more. The fact couldn't have made her happier. She had hardly ever reached orgasm during sex, and had never reached it twice. She was elated with her introduction into the club of multi-orgasmic women. Her legs slid off of his back, and she raised her knees, putting her feet flat on the bed on either side of him. 

He pushed himself up, and moved to a kneeling position, sliding his knees under her thighs. Her held onto her waist, and started to move in and out of her once again. The new position provided a much better angle, and he could move deeper into her. It simply blew her mind how deep he was getting. The feelings he was providing were more than she knew possible. He let go of her waist and moved his hands to her breasts once again. He held them, lightly tweaking the nipples as he continued to stroke in and out of her. He couldn't believe he had lasted this long, but he didn't mind one bit. The amazement of it all must be the reason. 

He simply couldn't believe that he was making love to the woman of his dreams. She moved her legs up until her ankles were resting on his shoulders. He once again held on to her hips supporting her in the new position she had chosen. It was almost too much. He looked down, and could see his glistening cock sliding in and out of her. And he couldn't believe how deep he was going. He couldn't help himself. He started moving faster and faster. She started screaming from the feeling of his depth and speed. He finally lost all control and exploded inside of her. The feeling of his cum being released inside of her set her off for her third orgasm. Loud screams came from her, as he slammed himself inside her once more. 

After both orgasms had ended, he collapsed on top her. She wrapped her arms around him once more, and simply held him, as their breathing finally got under control. She could feel him getting soft inside of her, and almost giggled at the feeling. He finally withdrew from inside her, and rolled over to her side. She turned on her side, facing him. They kissed lightly once more, and the first words of the evening were finally spoken. He looked into her eyes, lightly ran his fingers through her flowing blonde hair, and spoke.

"Welcome home."