 I was somewhat perplexed by my new situation. As Dot had said, we had crossed a Rubicon and there was no going back. It was difficult to behave as I had had done previously with Dot at work. 

That night Dot had slept with me at my house, and in contrast to our efforts in the office, we had had a long evening of gentle loving. The companionship, the presence of another loving soul in the house became more important than the sex. 

We did of course talk. Well into the night. Among other things I suggested that I ought now to cancel the date I had made with Lisa.

"Oh, no," said Dot, "A bit late in the day perhaps, but I think we should continue to explore our new found freedoms. I will talk to Lisa tomorrow and explain the situation, that I will be the other person you suggested might be present on the note you gave her, and I will of course give her the option to cancel. But I'll bet you five pence she will be there on Saturday."

The next evening, Friday as it happened, I was relaxing at home, hoping to catch up on my rest, when the door bell rang. I opened the door to find Dot. "I hope you don't mind me coming round unannounced," she said, "But I thought we could go through arrangements for this weekend."

She was carrying what looked like an overnight bag with her, which I felt was quite promising. On the other hand she was not wearing anything overtly sexy, just jeans and a jumper.

"Come in," I said, giving her a quick kiss, "I'll make us a pot of tea -- Earl Grey OK?"

It's an age thing, you know. I knew alcohol would make me more sleepy, and I was hoping that Dot would not want that. Anyway any discussion of the weekend ahead would doubtless make me very randy again.

The tea made, we sat side by side on the sofa -- a bit like an old married couple in fact. I decided I liked the feeling. "I talked to Lisa," said Dot, after a while, "And she is happy for me to be there too. She said she is not aware of any particular lesbian tendency, but being as she is on the submissive side, the thought of being dealt with by an older women, one with authority, might be quite a turn on."

It certainly was for me! Then Dot excused herself and headed off for the bathroom, taking her bag with her. That seemed a bit odd, but I very soon found out why. When she returned I got the shock of my life! The jeans and jumper had gone. She had put on very red lipstick, and was wearing a black lace-up basque, black thong, black stockings and suspenders, long black gloves, and black boots. She was brandishing a cane!

I stared foolishly in open-mouthed amazement. 

"OK, Mr. Senior Executive," she said, with heavy sarcasm, "You've shown that you can dish it out. Now let's see if you can take it."

She pointed to a chair. "Drop your trousers and under pants and bend over that chair!"

I was so shocked -- in a daze -- that I did what I was told. "Twelve you gave me," she said, "You will find out that if you mess with Ms. Masters, there will be a payback."

So saying she laid in to me with all her strength. She really was suddenly very angry and I did not know how to react, so I just stayed there and took it. It really did hurt like hell, but perversely it gave me a hard on like the Empire State Building.

"That was for me!" she said, apparently some of the anger spent. "Stay down!" and she gave me another twelve. "That was for Lisa. I am going to the bedroom now. You will stay there for five minutes, then you will strip off your clothes and come to the bedroom."

I was quite happy to stay there and take some respite. I doubted that I would be able to sit down for a week or more! 

Sooner than I expected Dot called from the bedroom, "I'm waiting."

I hurriedly undressed, wondering what on earth Dot had in mind for me now, and staggered along the corridor and into the bedroom. I indeed got another surprise, but this time a rather more pleasant, not to say exciting one -- quite a vision. Dot was sitting up on the bed, propped up on pillows against the headboard. She had pushed down the cups of her basque, exposing her lovely, ample breasts, the erect nipples standing out like organ stops. She sat with her legs apart, and had pulled her thong to one side. She had inserted a large vibrator into her cunt¸ and switched it on as I entered the room. The pain in my arse seemed to go away at this point.

"Yesterday evening I seem to remember you said something about claiming ownership rights on my tits and mouth."

"Y y yes, I did," I managed to stammer out.

"Well, what are you waiting for? Get on with it, man!"

So saying, she pushed her breasts together making an inviting cleavage and at the same time pouted her luscious red lips.

I hastily climbed onto the bed and knelt straddling her, so that I could push my penis between her ample breasts. I started to give her a good titty fuck, cupping her breasts in my hands, but it was not long before she looked up at me and said, "That vibrator is going to make me cum soon. Fuck my mouth. I want to taste your cum while I am cumming myself!" She lowered herself down the bed until her mouth was level with my cock. Without ceremony I thrust into her mouth as far as I could until she was gagging, then put my hands behind her head, holding her on my cock for a few seconds, before retreating and thrusting again. I pulled back, looked down at Dot, and asked, "Too much?"

"No, use my mouth until you cum, let me take your cum in my mouth!"

I started to pump her mouth again, building up a good strong rhythm, and it was not very long before I could feel my orgasm approaching.

"Get ready, Dot, I'm cumming, I'm cummmming" and I proceeded to unload my semen into her mouth. She started cumming and gagging, groaning as a big orgasm went through her.

"Swallow it down, swallow my cum!" I shouted, as Dot shuddered with pleasure, gasping for breath as my erection started to subside. As we both started to calm down, she gently sucked and licked on my cock to clean it, swallowing all my cum.

"That was fantastic!" she said, "I've never cum with a cock in my mouth before. What's your secret?."

"You are," I said.

"Well hurry up and get hard again, because I want you to fuck my cunt."

She pulled out the vibrator from her cunt and held it up to my mouth. "Here," she said, "Taste me -- suck on this. Find out what it's like to have a cock filling your mouth!"

I did as she said and cleaned off the vibrator, getting a nice taste of Dot's vagina. With that sort of encouragement, I was hard again soon enough. I got Dot to lie down with a couple of pillows under her hips to raise her arse off the bed. I helped her get her boots and knickers off and knelt between her legs, raising them up so that her ankles were resting on my shoulders, before pushing my cock deep into her cunt. She was very inviting, warm and wet. I rubbed my pubic bone hard up against her to stimulate her clit. 

"That feels great!" she said, "Now fuck me long and slow -- to start with anyway."

I felt up and down her stocking clad legs, sucked on her toes, played with her breasts and rock-like nipples. 

Before long she opened her legs wider and reached behind my arse, starting to pull me in towards her. 

"That's it, "she said, "Grind into my clittie!" as she started thrusting herself, going quicker now.

"I never knew you were such a stud!"

"Neither did I!" I said, as I started to increase the pace of my movements to match hers, "But then I had no idea that a respectable woman like you could be so voracious!"

We started to go faster and harder, our breathing getting shorter, the dirty talk adding to our pleasure and excitement.

"Use me!" she gasped, "Use me! Abuse me. Make me your fuck bitch!"

I was soon getting past the point of no return again, and started to spasm, shouting, "I'm cuming in your cunt, you fucking whore!" and she started shouting and screaming as another massive orgasm ripped through her, "Fuck me, make me cum you bastard, I'm cummmming....."

She lowered her legs and I lay on top of her for a few minutes. After a while I said to her, "This isn't very comfortable now, is it? Shall we get into bed?" Which we did. We cuddled up together and it was not long before I was asleep. But Dot did not mind. She was asleep before I was.

Next morning I awoke to find this gorgeous basque-clad lady lying with her back to me, resting peacefully. I snuggled up to her and she stirred. "Hold me," she said, sleepily. One arm went under her and round her shoulder, my hand finding and gently cupping her warm, soft breast, the other going round her waist.

We dozed for a while, then I came to with a slight start. "Good God, Dot, what are we doing?"

"Making up for lost time?"

"And that episode with the cane? There was very real anger there."

"Yes," she said, "Sorry about that. I don't know what happened there. You are quite right -- I did suddenly feel hugely angry. I really saw red. Years of resentment at the treatment of men in general and husbands in particular, I think. But not you -- you just were unfortunate enough to be in the firing line."

"Please don't apologise. After all I dished it out to you and Lisa, and I'm sure that something of the same feeling was there in me. But I'm honoured that you have the confidence to be so honest and up-front about it. You do pay me a great compliment by doing so."

The talk got to me again, unfortunately, and before I had thought about it I had another erection, which I was gently rubbing into Dot's arse cleavage. I felt her nipple hardening up under my hand, so it seemed my attentions were not entirely unwelcome.

She turned her head towards me. "Kiss me, you randy old sod!" she said, laughing.