 Late in the afternoon, about two years after Harold Fowler had made Heidi Bergmann a woman of means, he was walking through the patio of a swanky hotel in Honolulu when he heard his name called out.

"Mr. Fowler, is that you?"

There, lounging in the shade was his former nemesis, Heidi herself, revealing a great deal of her beautiful body in a bright red bikini.

"Why, Miss Bergmann are you spending some of my company's money?"

"No, I'm here on a photo shoot. And you?"

"I'm here attending a gathering of insurance actuaries. Can you imagine anything duller than that?"

"Well give me a minute, but off the top of my head, nothing occurs to me. Are you staying here at the hotel?"

"Yes, perhaps you would like to rescue me from the actuaries by having dinner with me tonight."

"I'd love to, may I buy?"

"No, no, my company's treat. Shall we say seven in the hotel lobby?"

"Sounds great!"

- - - - - - - 

She picked out a bright red dress with a neckline sufficiently low. In front of the mirror, she leaned forward to check out the effect and decided it ought to arouse some interest. It was a move that had worked worked well with E. Paul, why change a good thing. Then she added a delicate gold necklace.

At two minutes after seven, she stepped out of the elevator and found him already sitting in the lobby.

"Am I late, Mr. Fowler? I'm sorry if I kept you waiting."

"I just this minute arrived myself, and please, call me Chuck."

"Good, what do you have in mind? For dinner, I mean,"

"He smiled at her little joke and said, "I know a quiet little Polynesian restaurant a couple of blocks off the beach, we can walk there if you like."

His heart skipped a beat when she hooked her arm in his and pressed her breast firmly into his arm. "It's a beautiful evening for a little walk," she said, smiling broadly at him.

After they were seated Mr. Fowler asked her, "So, Miss Bergmann, what have you been doing with yourself since you held us up?"

"Well, I tried doing nothing, but I couldn't stand that for long, so I went out looking for secretarial or accounting work and one of the places that interviewed me was a modeling agency. They convinced me to go have some photographs done for what they call a 'composite' and it has worked out fabulously well for me. I love the camera and apparently the camera loves me, as they like to say." 

"Well I can see why the camera would like you, Miss Bergman."

She started to tell him to call her Heidi, but decided Miss Bergmann was just a little kinky and she rather liked it.

They had an exotic meal, which Heidi let him take charge of and order for the both of them. In addition, they each had a Mai Tai for dessert.

As they stepped out onto the sidewalk, a black Mercedes pulled silently up beside them and the restaurant doorman opened the door for them.

"It has gotten a little chilly and I thought we might rather ride back to the hotel," he said.

She thought to herself, "This guy is nothing, if not smooth." As a reward, she gave them both a better view down her neckline and a nice, thigh-high flash of her legs.

They settled into the seat and she said, "You know how to treat a girl right."

"Well I don't want you to go after me like you did that guy back at the office. That must have been very painful," he said patting her thigh. "Would you like to stop up in my room for a nightcap?"

"Sure, I don't have to be on the set until 10:00."

The driver dropped them off at the hotel and they went directly to the elevator. He pressed the topmost button and they ascended quickly. When the elevator stopped, Heidi noticed that there only seemed to be four doors on the entire floor. When Mr. Fowler opened one of them with his hotel card, she saw why. The room was enormous, with a beautiful view of the curve of the beach barely discernable in the fading light.

"What a beautiful view, what a beautiful room."

"Well, it ain't much, but it's what we do. Cognac?" he asked.

"That would be perfect."

He handed her a snifter and followed her over to the window, where she continued to admire the view, watching the lights begin to add a magical sparkle to the landscape.

"So, tell me about this photo shoot that you're doing."

"We're going to be right down there on the beach. It's a closed set, but I can leave a press pass for you at the front desk and if you can tear yourself away from your actuarial buddies you can hang out with a bunch of beautiful, scantily-clad young girls. At least they'd be figures of a different sort. We usually work until about three and then I guess the light isn't as good."

"Thank you, I'm sure it won't be as fascinating as trying to figure out how much to charge some old geezer for life insurance, but I could probably put up with it for a few hours."

At this point, he set his glass down on a nearby table, took hers from her and placed it next to his.

"He proceeded to run his hands up and down her shoulders and upper arms."

"Mr. Fowler, what kind of a girl do you think I am?"

"I'm really not sure, but I'd like to find out."

She turned and faced him. "Perhaps a kiss will give you a clue."

"Let's try," he said lightly placing his hands on her hips.

She put her arms around his neck, cocked her head, closed her eyes and placed her lips on his. After a moment, she pried his lips open with her tongue and forced it into his mouth. He responded in kind and continued to tongue-wrestle until they both had to come up for air. 

"Does that help answer the question?", she said panting breathlessly.

"Oh I think so." She turned in his arms and lifted her hair up.

"Will you unclasp my necklace please?"

He deftly undid her necklace and put it on the table next to their brandy glasses, then slid the zipper of her dress down. She shrugged her shoulders and let the dress fall to the floor. She raised her arms, let him slide his hands around her body and cup them under her breasts.

"Miss Bergmann, those are magnificent," he said as he nuzzled her neck and gently lifted and massaged her tits. Her nipples hardened as he played with them.

She was becoming excited and she didn't want to lose control, just yet.

"I think it's about time we got you out of your clothes," she said, turning to face him again.

"I think you're right. Follow me into the bedroom." She kicked off her shoes, rolled down her panties, piled them with her dress and followed him.

He took off his ascot, his shirt and his jacket, hanging each one carefully in the closet. He was so organized and methodical, she wondered if he would be capable of letting go enough to enjoy their sex. When he removed his clothes from the waist down, she began to have some idea of what was on his mind. The last thing he did was slide down his boxers and his already nearly erect cock sprang out. 

"Now where were we in the agenda, Miss Bergmann?"

"I believe we were finished with 'Old Business' and down to 'Monkey Business'", she said raising her arms and turning her back to him again. "You were, as I recall, admiring my boobs."

"Ah yes, now I remember," he said slipping his arms around her and squeezing her breasts. She reached back, grabbed his cock, and gave it several strokes. She was impressed by how very hard he was. She wondered how old he was. She guessed late fifties, but he was trim and obviously took care of himself. There was no flab on his body at all.

He buried his face in her neck and she said, "No biting now, makeup people get very upset if they have to repair hickeys and scratches."

"I would never do anything to mar that perfect body.", he said, and, for some reason, she believed him.

His one hand moved down, across her flat belly and found her well-trimmed bush, which he explored with a finger. She spread her legs a little, to give him better access and he began to finger-fuck her.

She gasped as his finger found its way in her pussy, and when he began to move it around and his thumb found her clit, she orgasmed for the first time and felt her warm juices run down the inside of her leg.

"Bingo.", he said. "Anything else you'd like?" 

"I want some of that," she said, stroking his cock again.

"There will be time enough for that," he said. "I've still got some exploring to do. Come over to my examining table."

She lay back on the bed and spread her legs. "Will this hurt, Doc?"

"No, I think this is one insurance physical that you'll enjoy.'

He began by kissing the inside of her thighs, alternating legs as he moved up toward her pussy.

She began writhing and squealing. She clutched at the bedclothes and tried to push her cunt into his face. He accommodated her; he jammed his face into her snatch and began eating away with enthusiasm. She experienced her second orgasm and he slurped up her juices.

He moved quickly on top of her and replaced his mouth with his cock. He slipped in easily, lubricated by her orgasm. He kissed her deeply as he pumped her with his cock.

She tasted her own juices as he clamped his mouth over hers and she called out. "Fuck me, Chuck, fuck me hard."

He pumped progressively faster.

"Do you like my cock in you?"

"Yes, yes, deeper, harder."

His balls slapped against her ass as he buried cock in her deeply.

She wrapped her legs around him and clung to him as he moved in her, deep and hard.

He groaned as he climaxed hard and she screamed at the same time and he rolled off her moments later. It wasn't until she reached down to massage his cock and balls, that she realized that he had slipped on a rubber. She had no idea how or when it happened. 

"This guy is really good," she thought.

"I hope you don't mind my putting on a condom."

"No, it just surprised me a little."

"Well, it wasn't too difficult; you were a bit distracted at the time."

She blushed. "I guess I was. And right now I'm a mess."

"Shall we take a shower together?"

"Sure, that's always a fun thing to do."

- - - - - - -

Later, dressed in white terrycloth robes, courtesy of the hotel, they were sitting, sipping fresh cognacs, thoroughly spent and both equally happy. 

"I have to tell you, Miss Bergmann, you left about five million on the table, we would have gone as high as ten million to make that whole matter go away."

"Perhaps, but I'm happy with five and you're happy you didn't have to pay out ten, so that is the best kind of resolution, it seems to me."

"I suppose if either one of us had come away angry, we would not have hooked up tonight."

"And that would have been a shame. I really should go; I still have a chance to get a good night's sleep tonight." She walked over where she had laid her necklace, picked it up and walked over to where he was sitting. "Would you hook up my chain?"

He stood and reattached the clasp.

"Feel free to feel freely," she said.

He laughed, but he didn't pass up the opportunity. He reached around, gave her breasts another good massage, then ran his hand down to her crotch, and forced his hand between her legs, looking for her clit.

"Hey, just one handful to a customer" she said, pushing his hand away.

She stepped into her dress and asked for one more favor. "Zip me up, please and you can keep my panties as a souvenir."

He zipped her dress, took the panties, buried his face in them and took a deep breath."

"Mmmmm, wonderful. I think I will keep them."

"Well, I'm out of here. Thanks for a lovely evening and maybe I'll see you tomorrow."

"I'm sure you will."

She gave him a quick kiss and a squeeze of the gonads.

"'Nite."

"G'nite."

For the second time in as many years, Heidi left the presence of an insurance company whistling to herself.