 It was 6 that morning when I woke to hear the front door close and your car pull away from the house. I lay there for a while, remembering the fun we'd had the night before. My cock went hard for you all over again and I stroked it gently remembering how good your hands and mouth felt all over it. Eventually I dozed off again catching up on some off the sleep I'd missed due to our nighttime activities.

You must have been busy as you hadn't called or text me all day, and when you did it was late. As I answered my mobile I glanced at the clock and noticed it was 7.30. You said that you would be home in about an hour, traffic permitting, and that you had already eaten. You sounded exhausted and I wondered if it was from the early morning or from all the energy you had used the night before. We had after all gone to bed at 11.00 and due to our combined exertions not gotten to sleep until around 3.45. 

It was 8.45 when I heard your car pull up outside and the door slam shut, the alarm beeped as you made your way to the door. I opened it for you staying in the shadows, your neighbour didn't know you had a visitor and seeing as though I knew her it might not have been a good idea to tell her I was there. You walked in turned to put your cases on the floor, bending slightly as you do so. I come behind you putting my hands on your bottom and rubbing it gently, you stand and try to turn around but I tell you not to say anything and just relax. You take me at my word and close your eyes in wonder. I move my hands around your waist moving closer to you as I do so, you can feel my hardness growing as my hands continue to move upwards and cup your breasts, my head moving downwards as my lips make contact with your neck as I start to kiss and nuzzle you there.

You let out a sigh and my hands move slowly down to the hem of your skirt. Reaching underneath I start to slowly pull it up, stopping every inch or two to caress your thighs, all the time kissing and nipping at your neck. As I reach the top of your stockings my hands touch your naked flesh for the first time and you let out a gasp, I can already feel the heat from between your legs, my erection growing bigger as I do. 

I carry on like this for a few minutes until I think it's time to move on. My hands slowly move upwards until my fingers make contact with your panties. They are very damp, and I can feel you breathing become more laboured as my fingers caress you through the thin lacy fabric separating me from your sex. 

You can't take it anymore and your hand moves around your back and starts to rub my length through my jeans, more and more hurriedly. My fingers are by now very wet and I move my hand quickly up and inside your extremely wet panties, stroking your pussy and playing with your clit, all the while you continue stroking my cock and moaning. You don't say a word as if there in the darkness of the hallway it would somehow ruin the moment if we were to speak to each other. The silence is somehow erotic all on its own, adding to the atmosphere of the whole situation.

I can hear your breathing grow even more urgent, your chest rising and falling as if you're struggling to breathe. I move my free hand up under your blouse and start to caress your breasts through your bra. I can feel your nipples almost stabbing there way through the lacy material that keeps them from my touch. While my right hand is busy playing with your clit, my left pulls down the cups on your bra and I start to play with your nipples. Rubbing them in turn. As I do, I push two fingers deep inside your hot, wet sex. All the while nibbling your ear, kissing your neck and shoulders. My breathing also becoming more laboured as I stroke your pussy.

Just at that moment your knees almost give out as you shudder to release, an almost guttural cry escaping your lips, one you don't even recognise as your own. Your pussy juice is now coating not only my fingers, but also most of my hand, as you slowly come back down to earth.

I remove me fingers from you as we both slide slowly to the ground, you turn around and hold my face in your hands as you kiss me full on the lips. Your tongue forcing it's way almost all the way down my throat. As you let go of my face you continue to kiss me wildly, your hands now move down to he waistband of my 501's. You fumble to open the button, but just pull at the opening to rip open the buttons that keep my cock from you. 

You reach inside discovering with delight that I'm not wearing any underwear, you smile mentally to yourself as you break the kiss for the first time. You free me from my jeans at the same time your head moves down toward my crotch and you engulf me in one swift move. Your head is moving wildly up and down, almost urgently as if you want me to explode there and then. As I look down, your eyes make contact with mine for the first time and I know exactly what you want to say. Even now words are unimportant, my hardness and your eyes tell me all I need to know.

I pull you up to me and kiss you, tasting my pre-cum on your lips. I take hold of your shoulders as you straddle me, rolling us both over as I do. I move to my knees while I reach under your skirt and grab hold of your panties with both hands, pulling them off with one clean tug. I notice as I do that you have been wearing my favourite thong all day and wonder to myself if you had something in mind yourself, for when you got home.

Almost instantly I pull your legs wide apart and bury my face deep into your pussy, my tongue licking at your lips and tickling your clit. After a few minutes of my oral ministrations, something suddenly occurs to me. Not only have you been wearing your skimpiest underwear all day, you have actually shaved your pussy completely. I lean back to see if my mind is playing tricks on me, but no, there it is in all its natural glory. I look into your eyes and your smiling at me as you see the look of realisation on my face. I return my tongue to what seems its rightful place and start once more, only this time almost lashing at you with renewed vigour. Your breathing starts to become laboured once again as your back starts to arch off the floor. 

Your body stiffens momentarily as you open your mouth and scream with pleasure, your body shuddering for what seems like an eternity. Without waiting for anything I move between your legs and bury myself inside you to the hilt. You gasp once more, unable to scream as you feel you have no breath left in your lungs. I begin to move in and out of you, slowly at first, then faster and faster. Fucking you for all I'm worth. 

After what seems like an eternity you start to shake as my cock drives you on to yet another release. Plunging in and out of your soaking wet pussy. Almost instinctively you can tell that I'm nearing the end and as you push me over you start to moan loudly as you climax once more. At the same time you push two fingers into your pussy while, with your other hand you take hold of my cock and start to wank me furiously. As you do I explode, moaning loudly, shooting thick jets of cum all over your face. 

I reach for you and hold your face while I kiss you almost urgently on the lips, tasting my own cum as I do. We slowly slide to the floor as we continue to kiss; your hand is still slowly stroking my semi-hard, sticky cock. We break the kiss almost together and I start to giggle to myself. You ask me what's wrong and I answer, "How are you going to explain all the noise to Sandra?"...