 Cyn walked into a quiet house after along day of work. Her husband, Tony, wasn't home yet. It hadn't been a good day at work, and it felt good to have a moment of quite in her house. Cyn made her way into the kitchen, grabbed a wine glass, and poured herself a merlot from the fridge. Walking across to the double doors in the living room, she stared out at the waves rolling over the sand. 

She smiled, remembering the last time her and Tony spent time on their private beach. They had made love by the fire. Cyn closed her eyes and moaned softly as her thoughts took her back to the night they rolled on the sand.

The sound of the grandfather clock chiming pulled her out of daydream, but it had already ignited the desire to be with Tony. She needed to be ready for him when he got home. She quickly refilled her glass of wine and went upstairs to the bathroom. 

She turned the bath water on and put her hand into the running water to make sure it was the right temperature. Then she took a moment and lit the candles around the tub. She put her long brown hair up in a bun and stripped out of her clothes. As she waited for the tub to finish filling, she looked at her naked body in the full length mirror. She saw her nipples fully erect. She pinched one of the nipples and moaned softly as the sensation turned up the heat below her waist line.

She looked down and saw the water was at a good level and tested the temperature again with her toe. Satisfied, she turned off the water and climbed into the tub and stretched out. The hot water soothed her skin and shook away the remnants of her trying day. 

She began to wash herself, running the wash cloth all over her legs, arms and belly. Then she ran it over her breasts. The feel of her nipples being touched again sent another signal to her pussy. She closed her eyes and let go of the wash cloth, letting her fingers do the needed work. She began to pinch her nipples a little harder, and her moans became more vocal. Her pussy started to scream for equal attention and she obeyed the call by drifting a hand down into the tub, letting her finger dance over her clit. She circled her finger over it around and around again causing a cold shiver to begin through out her body. Cyn moved her legs in a small scissor motion as her finger slid down from her clit and into her wanting pussy. It seemed to sigh with relief as her finger slid though slick lips. 

Cyn began to move the finger in and out of her pussy, letting her thumb strum across her clit. She began to constantly move her legs and hips around as her fingers moved in and out of her pussy with one hand and the bruising pinches she was inflicting on her nipples with the other. Cyn arched her back as she began to orgasm, a loud moan drowning out the sound of the splashing tub water.

"You started with out me huh," came a voice from the bathroom door. Cyn was startled for a moment, having lost touch with the reality around her. Then she saw Tony standing over her. She smiled widely at him. He looked down at her, dropped to his knees and kissed her hard. He slid his clothing off, not breaking the kiss. From outside the tub, he put his hand on her pussy. Cyn stopped him with her own hand.

"I'm past that baby," Cyn said with a smile. "You need to catch up. I need nothing else now but your cock inside me."

Tony grinned as he watched his wife kneel forward and grab the end of the tub, exposing her ass to the air. He climbed in and grabbed her hips, resting his cock head against her pussy lips. 

Cyn pushed ass back, wanting his cock inside her and he responded by slowly pushing the cock past the tight lips of her pussy. He began to move in and out of her slowly, his cock going in further with every stroke. Cyn gasped and moaned when he had it all the way inside her. Tony sat there for 10 seconds without moving, getting his cock used to the tight surroundings it was in, then started to move in and out of her again. He began to pump harder into her and reached under Cyn and found her clit with his fingers. He plucked at the clit over and over again as he pounded his meat into her tight pussy. Her moans started to become high pitched shrieks as the cock continued its assault on her vagina. She was close to cumming again and reached between her legs and cupped Tony's balls. It was his turn to scream now and her grip tightened.

"God baby, I'm cumming," Cyn screamed, and arched her back. Tony wasn't far behind and pulled her hips against his, burying his cock into her. He sent his seed deep into her as her pussy flooded with her own juices. 

They stood like that for a moment, unable to move, except some heavy breathing.

Tony then laid back into the tub, pulling Cyn with him. She laid there on top of him in the now half empty tub and nuzzled into his body. Tony held her tight and kissed the top of her head.

Cyn whispered, "Welcome home," and smiled.