 Welcome Home. I've been here waiting; patient, eager. 

I hope you don't mind but I've taken certain liberties. Slid a disc in the player so the background you hear is a comfort; soft and soothing. No horns or drums, just tides of the harp and flute, and perhaps a low base clarinet. Not so much a blaze of sound. Not so much a delicate whimper or moan. But a whisper all the same like a ripe, vibrant pant.

I've put all the clothes in the wash so I'm afraid it's rather bare that I greet you...just high black heels upon little feet, a glossy red dew dressing lush parted lips and icy diamond solitaires which heat the bed of the creamy smooth, milk-white ears they weigh and lay upon. 

Stand back and view me for a moment if you care to...a wild cascade of gold red curls; an untamable mane billowing about my face and, like a frame, falling soft against gentle shoulders; the color enhances the green of my eyes don't you think? High, firm breasts, narrow hips, trim stomach trailing to smooth, sensitive lips always nestled between that small patch of red curls just a shade darker than that upon my head. 

I have been wet all day in anticipation of your return; the warm moistness, thick and viscous, glistens upon me even now and smears the tender skin between my well-toned thighs. Breathe deep the sweet musky fragrance, an almost imperceptible aroma, but an ever-present perfume nonetheless.

I've bought another bottle of your spicy red wine. Pungent and tangy it rests, still, breathing, a deep burgundy in your crystal glass. I've also brought a sample of dark bitter chocolate. Mix and slide it, if you care to, upon your tongue with your wine before easing it to your belly with a swallow. 

Surely you know, from all that I've done, from all that I've said, I would do whatever it is you wish. I would crawl upon the floor, on my hands and knees to retrieve your wine with my teeth. Hoist myself upon your lap, sit wide astride you, and let the heat from between my thighs melt yours. Rest myself firm against your chest and entwine my fingers in your hair. Lay my palms to your temples, press my mouth to yours and deliver the wine's fire to your succulent reception. 

I would glide my tongue against yours as the wine filled us with its fever; licking your lips and sucking your chin should I spill or miss a drop. And I would grip the long-necked bottle, hoist it high, hold it firm to shower a river between us. Let the cool liquid run however, wherever it would. Bathe the heat from our flesh as I writhe momentarily upon your lap in the splash, my thighs clamping and pressing in an effort to firm and secure their perch.

And if we feast tonight, my breasts as your bib, my fingers as your fork and spoon you will receive such service; whatever smears dribble or recalcitrant morsels trickle or fall you can retrieve from their rest if or as you care to. The spicy richness of the wine will pulse thick on soft velvet tongues as we invade for kisses in between. But before this, before that, you must follow me here...

To the bathroom where a hot, damp, succulent moistness swirls about, shades the mirror dull, sucks cloth to skin then collects and slides, teasing, down and across the contours of flesh. I have drawn a bath, especially for you, scalding at first but now just an easy, penetrating heat. The tiniest bubbles, a heady foam, glide and drift upon the surface, hugging the edge of the tub as citrus and cinnamon salts infuse the fog. Your clothes have become damp; thick, sticky...allow me to ease and peel them from your back, your thighs, your body. Everywhere my hands come to contact your skin I will travel and trail with kisses. 

Enjoy the vision of me, rosy-tipped and firm, pressing the surface of the water, peeking and protruding the gentle bubbles which cascade against pale skin, now pink with heat, and glide, clinging, the deep valley in between. Enjoy the thought that just below the mass of bubbles I await; what secrets kept and protected. 

Join me in the hot perfumed waters. Please! Join me, soak with me, kiss me. Let the heat penetrate deep, seep into tired muscles and ease aches which pound and thread like an angry surf upon your flesh. Rest against me. My body your cushion. Let my legs wrap and harness you. Let my hands rub and stroke the weariness away; the stiffness from your back, the strain from your neck, the ache from your thighs and feet...and once we are done, once we are through with this bath, perhaps then you might let me welcome you home!