 My wife Anne and I spend a good deal of time at our cabin on a lake in the northwoods of Minnesota. During a recent trip to our little slice of paradise, Anne had to attend to some business out of town requiring her to leave home for nearly a week. 

She returned to the lake on a Friday afternoon and I knew Anne needed some time to herself to unwind. I suggested that she go for a long run. "I'll fix dinner, you just go take care of yourself," I told her. I didn't need to suggest it twice. Within 30 minutes of returning home, Anne was in her running gear heading out the door for a long run. 

After she finished her run Anne took another hour and a half to do Pilate's and yoga, and then she took a long shower. It was nearly 8:00 p.m. when she came out of the shower wrapped in a towel. I asked Anne when she wanted to have dinner and she said, "In an hour or so. I just want to hang out and watch the sunset with you."

I mixed myself a drink and retired to the living room to listen to some music and watch the sun slowly sink into the western sky as I waited for Anne to dry off and get dressed. I was seated in a very large stuffed chair with my feet propped up on a big, over-sized ottoman. Life was good. My wife was home, the weather was fantastic, I had a drink in my hand and was completely relaxed. "It just doesn't get any better than this," I thought to myself. Well, I was wrong.

I looked up to see Anne standing in the doorway between the kitchen and our living room. She was a vision. At 52 years old Anne has a better body than most women 15 years younger than her. She is 5 foot 2 inches and weighs 115. She has firm 34C breasts, a flat stomach, gently rounded hips, a high, tight bubble butt, and shapely legs. Her auburn colored hair hangs just past her shoulders and accentuates her emerald green eyes. Anne has a pretty face, a tiny little nose with a smattering of freckles across her cheeks. The only thing that could improve upon Anne's fantastic looks was the outfit she was wearing. 

Anne had on a lacy white shelf bra, the type that hold up a woman's breasts yet leave them fully exposed. Anne has great looking tits, and I could see that her pink nipples were already erect indicating she was very turned on. She had on white thigh-high stockings and white high heel shoes, but was wearing no panties. She was wearing just enough to highlight her gorgeous naked body. 

Anne had shaved her pubic area during her shower leaving a tiny little patch of hair no bigger than a postage stamp just above her clit. She walked into the living room to the chair where I was sitting and climbed onto my lap. Anne wrapped her arm around my shoulder, put her other hand on my crotch and leaned into me for a kiss. Her lips were moist and soft, her tongue found its way into my mouth where it danced with my tongue. 

Anne smelled wonderful, an intoxicating mix of having just come out of the shower, the erotic scent of her subtle perfume and the sweet smell of her moist pussy. After a long, passionate kiss, she whispered, "I need you to make me cum." 

Gently I moved Anne onto the ottoman in front of the chair where we were sitting. I stood up and in a blink of an eye removed every stitch of clothing I had on. I knelt down in front of Anne as she lay on the ottoman and spread her legs wide open. Instinctively, Anne slid down the ottoman so her ass and pussy were just hanging off the edge, her high heels rested flat on the floor. Her back and head lay comfortably on the large ottoman. 

As I knelt there in front of Anne's splayed pussy I looked up and out the floor-to-ceiling windows in our living room. Here I was looking at a fantastic summer sky as the sun set over the lake while my beautiful wife was spread eagle on an ottoman waiting for me to eat her hot little pussy. Yes, things were getting better all of the time.

I lowered my face to Anne's twat and began to lick her pussy lips. She was already wet and was eagerly awaiting my more aggressive oral explorations. I worked my way up and down Anne's full pink lips, lapping up her juices as quickly as her pussy could produce them. I stuck my tongue deep into her slit and began to swirl it around inside her. 

Anne raised her butt off the ottoman just a bit as I was licking the bottom part of her pussy. As if on cue, I started licking that little stretch of skin between Anne's pussy and her anus. Anne cooed with delight and lifted her butt off the ottoman a little more. 

Now typically, Anne doesn't like anything anal. She will on occasion let me touch her asshole with my finger while I'm giving her head, but she hasn't let me fuck her in the butt in nearly 20 years and never in our 27 years together have I licked her ass. But that was the signal she was giving me, and since she had just showered, I was willing to go there.

Ever so softly I traced my tongue around the outer edge of her asshole. Anne responded by cooing some more, and whispering, "Yeah." She then brought her knees to her chest and used her hands to spread her butt cheeks. I figured that was all the approval I needed and I went to work. 

I touched the tip of my tongue to the center of her anus and started flicking my tongue over her tight little butt hole. After teasing her this way for several minutes I began lapping at her anus with long, full tongue licks wetting her entire sphincter.  

As I was tonguing her asshole, I slid my thumb into her pussy. With my middle finger I massaged Anne's clit. By the way Anne was moaning, and writhing on the ottoman, I knew she was getting close to an orgasm, so I kept at it. 

I curled my tongue, placed it at the opening of her butt and started to push it into her. Anne realized what I was doing and complied by pushing her bottom toward my face. She wanted it and I was going to give it to her. I pushed my tongue deep into her tight little asshole while I continued sliding my thumb in and out of pussy and rubbing her clit with my finger. 

Anne was extremely close to cumming, and since I love the way her pussy juice tastes, I decided to change positions. I withdrew my tongue from her tiny little balloon knot and moved it back up to her sopping wet cunt. I moved my slick middle finger to her asshole and pushed it into her up to the second knuckle. I placed my thumb in Anne's twat and started rubbing my middle finger and thumb together feeling that thin little slice of skin between her ass and pussy. 

I repeatedly flicked my tongue on Anne's clit and she started to cum. She grabbed the back of my head and pulled me so tight into her twat that I almost couldn't breathe. Wave after wave of her hot sweet cum flooded my mouth. She tasted great and I drank up her juice as fast as I could. Finally, Anne's orgasmic convulsions stopped and she released my head from her hands and said, "God I needed that. Now it's your turn."

I got up off the floor and sat back down in my chair. I took a sip from my drink -- I needed a little chaser after drinking so much of my wife's cum. No sooner had I set my drink back down on the coffee table than Anne slid off the ottoman, pushed it out of the way, and positioned herself in front of me on the floor. She wrapped one hand around my cock, took my balls in her other hand and lowered her warm, wet mouth over the head of my cock. 

Anne moved her mouth up and down on the thick shaft of my rock hard prick, while simultaneously stroking my dick with one hand and fondling my balls in the other. To my surprise, Anne had a little surprise of her own in store for me this evening. 

As she sucked and stroked my cock, Anne released my balls and moved her hand to my ass. At first she simply caressed my entire butt, touching first one cheek then the other. But soon, Anne started paying more attention to my anus. She rubbed her fingers all over my virgin sphincter. This was a new sensation for me and I was loving it.

Anne had never done anything like this before, but maybe she thought since I had tongue-fucked her ass the least she could do is repay me by finger-fucking mine. She continued to pump her hand up and down on my shaft as she sucked the head of my dick for all she was worth. Then she inserted her finger into my butt. 

She started with just the tip, but she continued pushing until she had her entire index finger buried deep inside my asshole. Anne started wiggling her finger inside me while she sucked my cock even harder. 

I couldn't take it any longer. The feeling of Anne sucking my cock while fingering my ass was too much to take -- I exploded. Never had I cum as hard and as long. Usually Anne can swallow all I can give her, but I pumped so much cum into her mouth that it was running out of the corners of her mouth and down her chin. 

I fell back into the chair. Anne climbed up in my lap and rested her head on my shoulder. "I'm so glad to be home," she said. 

"Me too," I replied. "Welcome home."