 Author's Note: This is my first uploaded story. Please tell me what you think. But keep this in mind: I don't like criticism. If you didn't like it, I don't want to know.

*

We have been drifting apart. Whereas I have little sexual inhibitions, you have many. For five years I have wanted to do something, but I was afraid of how you would react. I am so frustrated that our lovemaking consists of get in, get out, get on with life.

Tonight, however, I'm going to take things into my own hand. I spend all day getting ready for you to come home. I went and got my legs and pussy waxed. I've never been bald for you before but, I have noticed you trying not to stare at me when I open for you. I got my hair cut in the style that you like, chin-length, and flipped out. I also got my nails done. I hate having fake nails, but I know how much it turns you on.

I took a long bubble bath. I smell like vanilla now. I carefully styled my hair and applied make-up. I even dug out that lipstick that you like so much. You know, the one I bought a couple of years ago and dubbed 'slut' red. I put on a red teddy, nothing else. With the exception of the silk covering my breasts and the bow that holds it together, it is sheer. I sit down on the couch to wait for you.

You come home late and exhausted, as usual. You stop when you see me. Your mouth drops open as you look me over. My pussy is clearly visible to you. All of it. I stand and walk over to you, a sly smile on my face. "Welcome home," I say and encircle my arms around your neck. I let go and grab your hand, then pull you to the living room.

I run my hands under your shirt, rake my nails along your chest and then around your back. I kiss your neck, your chin and finally your lips, leaving my mark on you. I run my hands back down and lift your shirt up. You raise your arms and I pull it from you and toss it to the floor. Smiling I run my hands over you, placing kisses here and there. I gently lick one nipple, then the other, teasing you. I kiss a trail down your chest and stomach.

I run my nails down your back and around to the front of your pants. I unbutton them and lower the zipper. I kneel as I pull them and your underwear down, exposing you to me. I smile at the sight of you. I look up into your eyes as I cup your balls. I gently squeeze them and rub that spot at the back that makes you weak in the knees. I smile seductively at you and look away, my focus shifting to my very pleasant task at hand.

I kiss the tip of your cock, licking the small amount of pre-cum there, while I still knead your balls. I lick down the shaft and back up, swirling my tongue around you. I lower my mouth over you and slide down your length. The head of your cock bumps the back of my throat, but I don't mind. I gently suck as I lift my head back up until just the head or your cock remains in my mouth. I swirl my tongue around and lower myself back down.

I start moving my head faster up and down your length. I relish in the way you taste. You feel silky in my mouth, so smooth. I can feel the veins running the length of you. I can feel your heartbeat. I smile in the knowledge that I can make your heart race. I moan; pleasuring you brings so much pleasure to me. I want to reach a hand down, to pleasure myself as I pleasure you. But I refrain; this is for you, not me. I know that you will thank me properly later.

You put your hand on my head and pull me back. I release my hold on you and look into your eyes. Your look warns me that you are near the edge. I smile and take your hand. I kiss your hand softly. I smile at you and keep your hand in mine. I place my other hand back at that sweet spot behind your balls and gently stroke. I lower my mouth over you. 

I hear you gasp as I once again take all of you in my mouth. I move slowly up and down your shaft. I feel you getting thicker, your balls getting tense. I know that soon I will taste you for the first time. I move my mouth faster. I suck harder. I feel you constrict and then I feel the warm, sticky wetness of your cum fill my mouth. I swallow until there is nothing left. I slide my mouth around you, making sure I didn't miss any before letting you go. I look up into your eyes and squeeze your hand. 

"I've been wanting to do that for years," I tell you and stand up, once again encircling my arms around your neck.