 Her soft lips upon his felt so good. He moaned softly as she pressed deeper against him, resting between his legs after pleasuring him. Her bare form rubbed against his legs and chest as she leaned into him, her lips hungry against his own. He slid his hands down her arms, grasping her gently and pulling her closer. He stood up suddenly, sweeping her up into his arms as he rose from his seat. She smiled up at him and her arms wrapped around his neck as he carried her to his bed. He placed her gently on the rumpled surface of the soft comforter.

He stood looking down at her as she lay on his bed. Her soft skin pale and translucent as she gazed up at him with jade green eyes. His only thought was getting close to her, to feel that skin against his skin, to look into those eyes with his eyes, to feel her responding to his every touch. She smiled up at him as he gazed at her and he noticed the hint of wickedness at the corners of her overripe lips. Suddenly she sank back into the nest of blankets and pillows and held out her arms to him. He sank down into her depths, his lips finding hers as bare skin slid across bare skin. His hands find hers and the fingers intertwine as he pushes them gently up over her head, spreading her out before him. A soft moan escapes her lips as she is stretched fully beneath him. Slowly his lips slide from hers and across her cheek, pausing to nibble and lick at her earlobe. His warm breathes trailing down across her neck to the delicate collarbone. His teeth scrape gently across the skin there.

Her body squirms beneath him as his lips slowly start kissing the curve of her breast. The full mounds tremble with her movements, their rosy peaks perking as his soft kisses continue. She stiffens under him when his mouth covers one of the pulsing points and slowly sucks her into the warmth. His teeth scrape suggestively across the nub and he bites softly. Her back arches up against him as the sensations at her breast drive her desire higher and higher. He suckles at her breast for some minutes before licking a trail across her chest to her other rosy peak. His mouth covers the tip and he sucks it into his mouth. Her soft moan fills the room and entices him to move further down her body with his lips.

His hands gently stroke the flat plain of her belly as his kisses barely brush across the vulnerable skin there. His tongue dips into her navel and he grins as she wiggles beneath him from the sensations created there. She reaches down and strokes her fingers through his hair as his mouth continues to nibble and kiss her belly and across her hips. Her breathing becomes more anxious as he pauses and gazes up at her face, his eyes searching hers before he lowers his mouth once more to her wanting body. The feel of his soft breath against her mound just before his lips press a soft kiss there cause her to writhe in pleasure. His hands strokes down the length of her thighs as he raises his mouth from her most intimate place. 

Slowly her legs fall open, revealing to his hungry eyes her moist pussy, the lips glistening with her juices. She closes her eyes as she feels his breath close again as he examines the delicate gift before him. The first touch of his tongue as it moves along her slit causes her to stiffen slightly before she moans and melts beneath the strokes. He can taste her desire with every stroke of his tongue and it causes him to want her more. He gathers the sweet honey on his tongue, delving deeper into her folds. She encourages him with her soft sighs and moans, her body moving against his mouth and tongue. As the tip of his tongue nudges the bud of her desire, he feels her fingers in his hair, clutching and stroking as she entices him onward.

He sucks her clit into his mouth and gently rolls it with his tongue. Her hips arch up off the bed as she cries out. Release is imminent and the response drives him to continue. He lifts one hand and uses his thumb to rub slow circles around her sensitive clit as his tongue dives deep into the depths of her pussy. Her juices flow freely into his mouth, covering his lips and his tongue. The steady rhythm he finds soon results in her entire body trembling beneath him as she cries out again and explodes in her release. He gently licks her pussy clean of its juices before slowly pulling back and looking up into her eyes. She looks down at him, a soft giggle escaping her lips. His mouth, nose and chin are shiny with her juices and his grin spreads across his face. As he slowly slides his body back up to press against hers, she whispers in his ear what a lovely homecoming it was. His tender smile and sweet kiss promise her there is more to come.