 One of my favorite things to do is treat my husband to a surprise when he returns from his business trips. This time he had been gone for over two weeks was an unusual amount of time and I knew he was ready to come home. As usual, the car service was picking him up for his late night arrival home. I had them drop by the studio and pick me up first. This was going to be one heck of a treat and I wanted to greet him early and start his arrival off right.

I recently started taking pole and burlesque dancing lessons from a studio near our house. As a way to keep my husband always guessing what was next on my surprise list I thought it would be a nice addition to the list of talents I had acquired. I became fast friends with Gwyn that owned the studio and taught classes there. She was a very sexy blond, about my size, 5'4 with a bit of a J Lo figure like me but she definitely had me beat in the breast department with large 34D implants. She was a fantastic dancer and we had spent quite a bit of time together over the past few weeks getting my routine down for my welcome home surprise. She trusted me enough to give me the keys to the studio and ensure everything was set!

It was a chilly winter night which was nice so the black trench coat I was wearing to cover my attire was not an obvious part of my surprise. I had spent some time picking out JUST the right thing to wear and had finally decided on black fishnet thigh high stockings clipped with a garter style one piece black shear lace baby doll flyaway with a push up style bust and tiny black thong with little hot pink accents and stitching and 6 inch black patten leather peep toe pumps. 

As Brad piled into the limo, he was taken back seeing me sitting in the back seat for him. We discussed a quiet dinner at home. None the less, he reached across the seat and pressed his soft lips to mine. He had missed me over those two long weeks. Our mouths opened slightly, tongues greeted each other with haste. I could feel my pussy tingle with excitement and anticipation. He started to reach down my coat to get a closer look at what I had hidden under and I wanted him to feel my breasts and how hard my nipples had become. "Not so fast sexy...I have a special treat in store for you" I said. With that being said, I reached over and took the blindfold I had in my purse "You are going to have to wear this for the first part of my surprise" 

He always loved coming home because he knew something was waiting for him in way of a surprise. "Uh...okay" he said a bit hesitant. 

I spent the rest of the car ride to the studio teasing him by kissing his earlobe and running my tongue down his soft neck. I knew this always drove him crazy and I could see his cock growing in his black dress pants. I loved that he always dressed professional on his trips home. He always said he never new who he could run into and wanted to always look his best and he did! Black dress pants, black Italian loafers, starchy white dress shirt with the platinum cuff links and silver tie I got him for his last birthday. It took a great deal of self control not to unzip those pants and pull out that cock that I loved and put my wet ready lips down its ridged stiffness. I knew the ride to the studio was short and I wanted to take full advantage of all 9 inches of his beautiful rod. Plus the limo driver was starting to swerve as he was trying to catch a glimpse in the rear view mirror, not that I minded an audience but perhaps another time. 

I led Brad, still blindfolded, inside the candle lit studio. There was a large leather armchair placed at the end of the stage. "Sit down sexy...I have one hell of a surprise for you". 

"Mmmm, I can't wait" he moaned. 

Releasing his hand from my grip I removed my coat and cued the music. We loved fucking to Sade and I knew the slow rhythm of "No Ordinary Love" would surely get him ready for the show! I instructed Brad to remove the blindfold and gave him a few seconds to adjust to his new surroundings. As the music began to play, I could see the excitement on Brad's face as he silently mouthed the words "I love you". 

I loved this man more than anyone and loved please him, taking care of his every need. One day without his touch was agony and it had been two long weeks. The site of him at the end of long stage made me wet with anticipation. 

I made my way downstage taking one step at a time in sync with the music as words began to be sung, I grabbed the pole and made my first spin. I became possessed by the music the effect this experience was having on my body. My hips were swaying side to side like I was making love to this pole. With my back to the pole, arms above grasping facing Brad, I slid down spreading my legs wide open for his full view. Releasing one hand, I slid it down my cheek to my full breasts, torso slipping it down the front of my silky thong to meet my wet needy pussy. Not breaking eye contact, I scooped up some of my love juice and tasted my sweet pineapple syrup. Breaking from my couched position I slid across the floor like an animal in heat to my love stud in his leather chair. His manhood growing large, I spread his legs open as I approached him on my knees. Untucking his shirt, releasing his buckle, I teased him with my pineapple infused tongue. His cock was about to burst out of his perfectly pressed pants. Finally releasing the beast, he was nearly fully erect, all 9 inches begging for my attention. I wasted no time sliding my tongue and lips over the soft head taking in it entire length down my throat. Nearly gagging I relaxed and continued my assault on this monster bobbing up and down, swirling my tongue around the head and length. Brad moaned with pleasure as I continued to ram his rod down by throat. My tongue licking his balls each time I hit bottom. My hand grasping his hips to ensure I didn't miss one centimeter. I moved my hand to find his engorged balls, I took grasp as they tightened. His cock was secreting precum - it tasted so good and sweet. I couldn't get enough of his cock in my possession. "Ah fuck baby" he muttered. 

I knew he couldn't wait much longer to release. "Cum for me" I begged of him. "Fill my mouth" I demanded. 

Just then I felt his balls tighten as I clamped down with a firm oral grip on this slick shaft. The first shot of warm treat hit the back of my throat. I continued to thrust his tool, milking him of every delicious ounce of my reward. After swallowing what felt like a gallon of steamy cum I could felt his cock begin to soften. I licked off every last drop. 

With the music still playing I stood up before my handsome husband. "You want some more sexy?" I asked with a devilish grin. 

No need to answer, I knew he wanted his surprise to continue. I slowly unclasped the garters removing my stiletto, I placed my right leg on the chair, carefully taking the hosiery down to my silky shaven leg - same with the left placing each foot back into the shoes. I turned from Brad so he could get a full view of my round ass. He resisted reaching out as I slowly bent down exposing my engorged lips peering out of my string like thong. My hands ran down the length of my tone legs, my back arched, hair flipped, as I slowly returned upward. I reached behind me and slowly released each tiny tab from my push up lingerie exposing my naked back to his full view. As I turned around in full view of Brad's reappearing love weapon now fully exposed, my thong was flooded with my own juice. I removed the tiny barrier and tossed it aside. I wanted to feel Brads cock fill my insides. I needed him now and I could not wait a minute more. Completely naked, I berried my heals in the corners of the chair. Hovered over my lover, I thrust his cock deep in my tight cave. I ground down on him feeling his entire length deep inside me. Our bodies had become one! My nipples were at mouth level for him to devour. So sensitive they became hard like bullets. The sensation was amazing and sent tingles through my entire body. He wrapped his hands around my waist, we kissed feverishly - fucking hard and deep we both cryed out in ecstasy. I rocked my hips forward and back at a rapid pace until it became clear I needed to cum. With my back arched I screamed with loud pleasure. My throbbing pussy streamed with hot wet juice. His thighs were covered with my sweet syrup. My pace slowed but it wasn't over, I needed more. I kissed every inch of Brad's muscular neck while slowly grinding my bald wet pussy in his devine rod. Whispering in his ear and gently nibbling on his ear lobe. "Cum for me baby" I begged of him. "Cum deep inside me"

A fire was burning inside his intense eyes as I shoved him deeper inside me. We never broke eye contact as I pushed him inside harder I thrashed each time. I could hardly breath - and was screaming in pure pleasure. I felt him stiffen and his body tense "Fuck baby" he yelled. 

At that moment I felt his first shot of hot load hit the back my my deep hole. Over and over he filled me with his creamy seed. My pussy tightened as I came again. Our paced slowed and we giggled with pleasure. I held his cock in my grasp for what seemed like hours savoring the sensation as he slowly became softer in my possesion. "I love you baby" I whispered in his ear!