 He smiled through the weariness of travel when she squealed and opened the door of her townhouse. He had no chance to set down his bag or say hello before she had her arms wrapped around his neck and was planting a kiss on the corner of his mouth. 

"You made it! I can't wait to hear all about your time overseas."

"I'll be happy to tell you all about it as soon as I can get inside, out of these particular clothes and into a drink," he said, looking down at her. Her dark hair was shorter than it had been when he'd seen her last. It was razored into layers around her face and it made her almond eyes seem more exotic. 

"Oh, I am SO sorry. Come in." She had him drop his things in her room and showed him the shower. As he was standing under the streaming water he heard her open the bathroom door and stuck his head around the curtain. He raised an eyebrow at her and gave a grin and she rolled her eyes at him.

"I am just dropping off a fresh towel, Dirty."

"You have no idea."

"Finish your shower. I'll make you a drink when you get out."

He took his time in the shower, washing his hair twice and then shaving as he thought about Veronica. They'd been friends for several years, but this was the first time both of them had been single at the same time, and the first time either of them had acknowledged the attraction they felt for one another. He'd sent her several post cards and emails from overseas, and her emails back had been full of interest, excitement, and had hinted at intimacy so on a whim, he had changed his ticket home so that he had a lay over in Miami and had emailed her from the airport saying he had a couple free days. She'd replied almost immediately, and he'd taken a taxi to her place. When he came out of the shower, towel wrapped around his waist, she was sitting in the middle of her bed holding his camera in her hands. 

"I can't believe you still shoot 35mm. How long am I going to have to wait to see the pictures you took while you were gone?"

"I'll have them developed and scanned pretty soon. 35 mm makes you think about the picture more, makes you frame the picture and not throw away any shots, and with film you have something to hold in your hands when you're done. Too many people shoot 4000 shots on a digital camera, throw them up on their computers and facebook and never really LOOK at them."

"You remember all those times that we talked about you taking my picture in law school?"

"Yeah, but that was back when your modeling career had barely started. You don't even have to use your law license."

She cocked her head, smiled coyly, and held his camera out to him. He stepped forward and took the camera from her with a slow smile and then walked over to the window to draw the curtain back and let more light into the room. When he turned back, she had stood and walked over to his open bag. As he watched she unzipped her skirt and stepped out of it, pulled her shirt over her head, and then pulled off her bra and panties. When she was naked, she leaned forward and pulled a silk button down shirt from his suitcase, held it up to inspect it, and then pulled it on. She turned back to him, shirt still unbuttoned.

"How do you want me?" she asked.

He didn't speak, just nodded his head toward the bed. She crawled up to lean against the headboard and pulled a pillow up between her knees. His shirt hung open, leaving a view of her flat stomach and the line between her breasts, but kept her nipples hidden from view. He pulled up his camera and looked at her through his viewfinder, twisted the zoom and snapped the first shot of her face filling the view and then pulled out and rotated so bring her entire body into focus. He began to move around the room, kneeling, standing, kneeling on the bed with her, and then standing above her on the bed while she slid effortlessly into different poses with little direction. He stopped only to change film, and when the second roll was in place, he reached out and pulled his shirt away from her shoulders, letting his fingertips graze the sides of her neck and the tops of her shoulders. When she had shrugged out of it, he tossed it aside and began taking pictures again. 

She rolled onto her back, let her head fall backward over the side of the bed toward him, arched her back and bent one knee upward. He zoomed in so that her erect nipple came into sharp focus and the rest of her body fell away into softer focus and then blur, and he knew he'd taken a great photograph. It was that way sometimes. Sometimes he just knew when he had the shot. He stood and took a step backward, thinking about angles and light, but he pulled the camera away from his face when she spoke.

"That's not very professional," she said, laughing and reached back toward him, running her hand over the towel around his waist at the point of his erection. 

"I...," he stammered. 

"It's ok," she laughed and rolled onto her stomach. 

He pulled the camera back up and took another shot as he felt her pull the towel free from his waist. He tipped the lens down to see the frame fill up with her small hand wrapped around him. On impulse, he snapped the shutter and took a step forward. He groaned when she used the hand to pull him into her mouth, eyes open and staring up at him. He felt like a voyeur in his own dream as he watched her suck his cock through the view finder and snapped the shutter again and again. When he heard the automatic rewind kick on, he let the camera fall from his face and set it on her bedside table. She pulled back from him and turned so that she was on her hands and knees, ass towards him.

"Bet you wish you were shooting digital now," she said, looking back at him, her head down on her arms, and her back arched.

"No, no more pictures," he said, and knelt behind her, his hand gripping and spreading her ass and legs as he leaned forward to push his tongue inside her. She groaned and pushed back against his tongue as he rubbed her clit with his thumb and stabbed his tongue into her. His other thumb ran across her ass and she shuddered. He licked harder and slid a finger inside her, inside both of her entrances at the same time and she moaned his name.

"Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me...."

He knelt behind her and slid slowly inside her, one hand gripping her thigh, and the other her waist. She shoved back against him, burying him inside herself and demandingly, more loudly, "FUCK me..."

He used his grip on her to hold her in place and pulled almost all the way out, preventing her from following, but then slammed back into her once, twice, again, and then slammed home so that she collapsed forward onto the bed. She lay flat under him, fluttering back into him as he held himself above her, meeting her backward thrusts with his forward. 

She turned her head to the side and bit and moaned into his hand and he felt his orgasm begin to build deep in the pit of his body. She began saying his name and god over and over again, and he felt her begin to spasm around his cock in her orgasm. He matched her rhythm until she had finished and then began to pick up his pace. When he couldn't last any longer, he pulled out of her and shot his orgasm all over her ass and the small of her back. He fell back onto his heels and she spun around to take him into her mouth, sucking the last of it out of him, and he howled. 

They both lay panting on the bed for a moment after, and she rolled over on top of him, straddling his waist and looking down at him. 

"I can't wait to see those pictures, but I REALLY think you need to get a digital for our next session."