 Flora moaned as Troy sucked her cum stained tongue and held her closely. She couldn't get enough of her love. Pulling him into her she rocked her body against him. Kissing him passionately, her mind raced. Troy had been gone far too long. She hated when he went away on business. She knew he cared for her very much. Always thinking of how to please her and bring home Alex was a very special surprise. They hadn't all been together in some time. Flora thought back to their collage days, thinking of the first time they had shared her.

Alex was a good friend of Troy's; they had met in collage while playing football together, Flora was dating Troy at the time. One night after a winning a game the three of them had gotten pretty tipsy, while celebrating Flora was feeling pretty bold that night and had asked Troy if they could take Alex home and have a three-way. She recalled it didn't take too much convincing of either of the men, to agree to her request. They had fucked her hard that night, filled her with so much sticky man milk. She wanted to be stuffed like that once more.

She came to when she felt the soft touch of Alex's soft hands stroking her long legs. Moaning she pulled away, from Troy's sensually hot kiss, gazing up at him she flashed him a wicked grin before spinning around to face Alex who had knelt on the floor in front of her and began stroking her thighs. Flora sighed and closed her eye, as his thumb lightly brushed over her swollen pussy lips. Leaning back warping her arm around Troy she licked and kissed his neck. She spread her legs as she felt Alex slid his finger between her lips lightly touching her already tender clit.

Feeling his tender touch her pussy began to leak sweet juices, Alex wasted no time. She cried out as she felt his tongue dive deep inside her. Breathless she reached for a handful of his hair pulling him closer against her trembling sweet pussy. Moaning, he grabbed her hips, thrusting his tongue deeper inside her, wiggling it around penetrating her tight cunt again and again. "Oh, Alex" she breathed softly. She felt so blessed out, rocking her hips against his warm soft touch, riding his rich mocha face. Her lover standing behind her rubbing her breasts lightly kissing her neck, as he holds her while Alex relentlessly attacked Floras tight cunt. Spreading her lips farther he began nibbling on her hard swollen bead, making her knees weak. She was a mix of emotions. She hadn't had her pussy sucked in what felt like ages. Alex was making her pussy tremble. Whimpering as she soaked his mouth with all her sweet juices.

Alex inserted 2 fingers, rubbing her swollen pussy walls. Flora clenched his fingers as he finger fucked her hard. "ohh, Alex that feels soo good!" she whimpered.

"Mmm, oh girl you taste like heaven. I've missed this butterscotch cunt." Alex said as he smacked her hip hard. Causing Flore to cry out, "oh Alex I've missed your quick tongue."

"Oh, fuck baby girl we are just getting started." He flashed her a wicked grin, grabbed her ass and pulled her against him. Lifting her leg and placing it around his shoulder, sucking her pussy harder. Inserting a third finger, Flore moaned louder. Rocking her hips faster. Feeling her pussy beginning to tingle. "Mmm, yess Alex harder, ohhhhh, God my pussy is melting in your mouth." 

"Yes, give me your juices." Alex grunted, while licking and sucking her succulent pussy. Flora groaned feeling him thrusting his fingers deeper inside her. Her eyes rolling back as his long fingers stroke her walls, feeling the soft tender flesh. Her body losing control, Alex punished her sweet pussy, biting and sucking hard on her swollen button. 

"Ahhhh, ohh Alex, more please!" she was so hot, "Ahhhh yes, mm oh God please don't stop mmm, yes, yes just like that." Grabbing his head and rocking her hips faster against him, her pulse racing, breathing heavier.

"Ahh, you want more my little slut?" Alex asked as he spit on her leaking cunt, slowly sliding in a forth finger. Stretching her wide open, rubbing her clit with his thumb. "Damn, girl this pussy is so tight." Wiggling his fingers around, Flora could only nod as she was speechless too focused on the relentless pursuit of her orgasm. Her hips swaying in circles as Alex finger fucked her harder and faster.

Her body burned with such lust, she wanted her lover. Leaning back she noticed Troy had taken a few steps back and was stroking his hard shaft. He was gazing back at her. She could see the lust in his eye grow as he watched her get eaten out by his best friend. Holding his gaze, she brought a finger to her lips and began sucking on it, moaning she closed her eyes sucking harder. All the while her hips rocking around Alex mouth and fingers. Her orgasm was coming, the sensations building. Flora longed for this moment of pure bliss, when it was halted without notice. Alex had pulled his fingers from her leaking pussy. Flora whimpered and looked back at Alex, who was licking and sucked his fingers clean. He eyed her with a devilish grin. Flora moaned softly holding his gaze as he slowly closed his fist; his other hand spread her dripping pussy. Pausing for a moment when he heard her cry out. "Oh no, please, you can't, it won't fit!" Flora's eyes were bright with passion and lust. Her pussy was so tight she didn't think he could get his thick fist inside her.

"Shhh baby, relax. Mmm, let me in baby girl." Alex said softly. He stroked her clit as his fingers slowly entered her.

Flora was melting; she couldn't make him stop even if she wanted to. Calming herself, relaxing her tight pussy, as he slowly wiggled his fist pressing it hard against her swollen cunt. Moaning again she tossed her head back, feeling him stretch her pussy when he finally popped inside her deep dark hole. He worked his fist nice and slow; thrusting deeper inside her. Flora let out a sigh, loving how he was spreading his fingers, tickling her tender walls. He was wrist deep thrusting in and out faster now. The hard and faster he fisted her louder she became. Breathlessly moaning Flora felt her legs wanting to give out she grabbed his head hard, holding him to her as his tongue attacked her clit.

Just as she was about lose her balance, she felt Troy's strong hands grab her hips; she leaned back against him stabilizing herself. Alex pounded her pussy harder. She pulled Troy's head down to hers and kissed him deeply. Moaning into the kiss, Troy grabbed her throat, squeezing lightly at first, as he drove his tongue into her mouth. Kissing her hard, making Flora whimper, she felt the air leave her lounges as her lovers hands tighten firmly around her smooth neck. Kissing her deeper, his tongue trying to fuck her throat like a hard swollen cock. Flora was so hungry for her lover, holding his face to hers, purring softly.

Alex nibble hard on her clit, making Flora pull away from Troy's kiss to look down and Alex, her orgasm already on the brink. She couldn't handle much more. The sensations were making her body pleasurable.

"You like your pussy fisted don't you slut." Alex grunted, thrusting his fist deep inside her, punishing her sweet pussy. Feeling him spread his fingers wide inside her, causing her to scream out with delight

"Mmm, yes, ahhhhh ohh fuckk, ahhhh yesss, Alex it feels soo good, you're going to split my pussy two" she moaned gyrating her hips vigorously bouncing up and down. Her skin prickling, tightening her clam muscles around his fingers, sucking them deeper inside her. Her moans echoed throughout the house. "Ohh yes, mmm, fist me harder, yes just like that!!" Flora moaned louder and louder, her orgasm rushing threw her like a tilde wave. "Mmmm, ohhhh fuck I'm cumming I'm cumming" she cried out. "ohh baby my pussy is melting all of your fist. Mmm, oh Gawwwd its sooo good." Flora whimpered breathlessly. Alex had her cumming again and again, his fist slammed in and out of her drenched cunt. When she could take no more, Alex reluctantly pulled his fist from her battered cunt. Flora let out a soft whimper.

"Mmm, such a good little whore, cumming so hard for me." Alex grinned wickedly; he stood up and motioned for her to clean off his fingers. Flora blushed and hungrily sucked his fingers clean, holding his gaze, Alex winked at her and looked passed her at Tory who was holding her firmly lightly playing with her tender nipples, and said "Man you have such a hot slut here."

Flora looked up at Troy who was breathlessly grinning back at her. "Yeah" cupping her angelic face, "She a nasty little thing." Flora giggled softly and smiled. Troy winked at her nuzzled her ear and whispered. "You are so sexy when you cum baby." He leaned down and kissed her softly tasting her juices on her lips. "I love you baby doll. Flora sighed, and reached out for Troy's cock, feeling him grow again in her hands. Oh how she loved her mans thick hard shaft. She wanted to feel him deep inside her. Mmm, to be continued...