 It was a little after noon as I stood there waiting for your bus to drive up. This moment was a long time coming. You'd been gone serving your country for a year, and I couldn't wait to be back in your arms once more. After what seemed like an eternity, the bus finally pulled up. I waited as several other soldiers filed off, and then there was you. I launched myself towards you at a full run and you scooped me up into your arms. I kissed you with wild abandon; my lips were hungry for yours after going so long without. We gathered your things and found our car. You insisted that I drive and on the way home you couldn't keep your hands off me.

We finally made it home and the second we were in the door you were ravaging me. Your lips were all over me as we tore at each other's clothes. We frantically made our way to the bedroom, leaving behind us a trail of lacy panties and ACUs. You threw me down onto the bed, the weight of your body felt so heavenly against mine. You gently, slowly kissed your way down my body, stopping at my nipples. I gasped as you sucked one into your mouth, rolling it between your teeth. I shuddered beneath you, ready to cum for you right then. Just as I was approaching the brink you stopped. You continued to make your way down my body until finally your head came to rest between my thighs. I arched my back and moaned as I felt your tongue delve into me. You slipped a finger into me and I came immediately. You licked it all up, gently sucking on my clit. This went on until I could no longer stand it. I pulled you up to me and kissed you hard, tasting myself on your tongue.

As I wriggled out from underneath you I told you to lie on your back. I straddled you as I continued to kiss you, gently sucking on your tongue and biting your lower lip. I kissed my way down your body just as you had done to me, only stopping when I came to your long, hard dick. God how I missed sucking that dick. At first I took just the head in my mouth, teasing you mercilessly. Before long I had all 8 inches of you in my mouth, sucking all the way down to the base as I gently fondled your balls. I could tell from your moans how much you were enjoying yourself. As I bobbed up and down on your dick I couldn't help but play with myself. It felt so good to stroke my clit while tasting your cock. Soon I couldn't take it anymore, I had to have you.

You flipped me over so once again you were on top of me. I could feel the head of your dick throbbing at the opening of my pussy as I begged you to fuck me. You slowly slid it in, teasing me as I begged for more. Soon all 8 inches of you were inside of me, filling me up and stretching me out. I came almost immediately, a year's worth of passion spilling out. As I came you kissed me, all the while pumping in and out of my wet pussy. I whispered in your ear how much I had missed this as you kissed and nipped at my neck. God you feel so fucking incredible inside of me. As you fucked me I began to shake, crying out as you made me cum again and again.

I told you to stop, and get on your back again. I wanted to be on top, to be in control. You complied and I straddled your hips, slowly lowering myself down onto your dick. As I rocked my hips back and forth on your dick you reached up to grab my tits. I moaned as you tweaked my nipples, and bent forward so you could take one in your mouth. Your sucking sent me over the edge and I came all over your dick. I kissed you hard as I continued to ride your dick, hitting my g-spot just right. I picked up the speed and before I knew it I was cumming so hard I was squirting all over you.

Before long you flipped me back over and I knew you were close; we always finish with you on top when you've been away. You leaned into me and kissed me passionately. I kissed you back and felt my own orgasm building. The look on your face told me you were close, and we both cried out in pleasure as we finished together. 

I wrapped my arms and legs around you and held you close, your dick still inside me as we tried to catch our breath. As I let you go you rolled over onto your back, and I snuggled up with my head on your chest. You held me tight as I whispered "Welcome home, soldier" and we both fell asleep together.