 She raised her upper body from the floor but remained on her knees. She looked up into his eyes and smiled seductively. With both arms stretched out in front of her she beckoned him with her hands. "May I help you undress, Master?" she inquired as he crossed the floor to where she was kneeling. He stood in front of her and let her continue what he started, never taking his eyes from hers. She unbuckled his belt and left it hanging from the loops of his jeans. She stroked his hardness for just a moment then gave it a quick squeeze. She undid the button then started to slowly slide the zipper down to give his cock the release it so badly needed. She slipped her fingers into the waistbands of both his jeans and briefs and pulled them down simultaneously.

She licked her lips as his hardness sprung out at her. She kissed the head, holding her lips against it long enough to leave her red lipstick mark on it. "This is MY cock," her voice firmly announced just before sucking it into the warmth and wetness of her hungry mouth. 

He backed away from her suddenly; his cock making a popping sound as it was pulled from her mouth. A pitiful whine escaped her throat. "Whyyyy?" she whimpered. 

"Because I don't WANT my cock sucked right now," he stated in his most authoritative voice, "and get one thing straight my sweet little slut, it's MY cock and you need to earn it!" 

She smiled inwardly. "We're going to play The Game!" she thought with excitement and unconsciously her hand slid between her legs. 

"NO TOUCHING MY PUSSY!" he hissed at her and she dropped her hands to her sides and kneeled motionless.

He pulled his tee shirt over his head and stood in front of her completely naked, just outside of her reach. He took his cock into his right hand and began to stroke it very slowly, his left hand cupping his balls. His finger glided over the wet tip and spread the pre-cum in a circle all around the head. He just stared at her. The hunger was building; he could see it in her eyes. Her body was taut, not unlike an animal ready to pounce on its prey. He loved seeing her like this, so lustful and wanting. He took one step forward and she reached out with her hand. "Did I tell you you could move, bitch?" he almost spat the words out at her. 

"No." she whispered back and her arm once again fell to her side. 

"Now I have to punish you." He took a step forward and slapped her cheek with his cock then took two steps back. He saw the disappointment in her face and took another step back. 

She bowed her head and murmured, "I'm sorry, Master." 

He moved towards the bed and sat down on the edge. "Good girl! You will learn. Take off your top," he commanded.

She crossed her arms, pressing her breasts together and, grabbing the black lace hem slowly pulled it upwards. As soon as her breasts were bare he yelled, "STOP!" and she became motionless once again, elbows bent, hands above her head. He sat there and admired her breasts. They weren't overly large, just nicely filling a B cup, but he thought they were perfect. He wanted to drag his tongue in circles around her hard, brown nipples, bathing the areola in his saliva. He wanted to massage those sensitive nipples with his lips, but The Game must continue; she so loved The Game. 

"Go on," he commanded and she pulled the black silky fabric over her head and threw it on to the floor.

"Now come to me," he stated, but as she started to rise to her feet he stopped her once again. "On you hands and knees, my sweet little slut." And she began to crawl the short distance to where he sat. His eyes moved to her breasts swaying back and forth as she slowly made her way to him. She took her time. She knew he loved to watch her breasts like this, hanging down away from her body, so she gave him as much time to peruse as possible. But she also knew that if she took too long to reach him he would punish her again. She was getting very wet, her juices beginning to dampen her inner thighs. She wanted him, needed him, soon and she did not want to do anything that would prolong her satisfaction, their satisfaction. Punishment was always denial of his cock to her.

She stopped moving once she was between his knees and sat back on her heels. He stroked her face and her hair and for a minute she saw the expression of her sweet lover in his face, but only for a minute. "Get up," he commanded, using his master voice once again. 

She stood, her breasts rising and falling as her breath quickened with anticipation. Her nipples were just inches away from his face and she knew he would not be able to resist sucking one, then the other into his mouth. He didn't disappoint her. He brought his mouth closer to her breast, his warm breath teasing her nipple. He leaned forward and flicked his tongue on it and an electric shock traveled through her body. He wrapped his soft, full lips around her nipple and began a gentle massage while his fingers tweaked and pulled on the other one. She shivered and moaned uncontrollably and a very soft "yesssss" hissed through her slightly parted lips. He pulled away. "Did you say something?" he asked in a reprimanding voice. 

"Oh what have I done!" she thought to herself. There was no point in lying, as she would only incur additional punishment so she nodded her head yes, lowering her eyes. He pushed her back and began to stroke his cock again knowing what agony it was causing her not to be able to touch or be touched. He continued for several minutes, teasing her, tempting her but also craving her, wanting her, needing her. 

He grabbed her by the wrists and pulled her closer to him. His hand moved between her soft thighs and cupped her pussy through the soaked lace panties. He couldn't help smiling as he looked into her face, her lips pressed together, suppressing any sound she was tempted to make. He spoke in a soft, seductive voice. "Are you my fuck slave?" She nodded her head yes. "My sweet fuck slave wants my cock, doesn't she?" She just nodded her head yes. "You want your Master to fuck you, don't you sweet slut?" And again she nodded her head. 

He slid the panties down her hips, her thighs, slowly downward till they lay at her feet. As she raised her leg to step out of them he cupped her pussy again and again a long moan and "yessssssss" escaped her throat. "Oh Goddddd, not again," she thought to herself. 

He moved his hand and pushed her away. He stood up and looking down at her he hissed, "You just don't learn, do you bitch?" She was afraid to speak but she begged his forgiveness with her sad eyes and pouting lips. He grabbed her by the shoulders and roughly pushed her back on to the bed and proceeded to straddle her chest, pinning her arms to her body. He took his cock into his hand and spanked her lips with it. Drips of pre-cum spilt on to her upper lip but she didn't dare lick it up, afraid of the consequences. He proceeded to paint her lips with his juices, running the tip of his now throbbing cock back and forth over her lips stopping to spank them occasionally. He wanted his hardness in her mouth but more than that he wanted to fuck her. The Game would have to end soon. He wasn't sure he could take much more.

She lay there as his hardness glided across her lips. She wanted to poke her tongue out and lick the pre-cum from the tip. She longed to part her lips and suck his length into her mouth bathing it in her saliva. She wanted him to fuck her mouth slowly at first then thrust deep into her throat. But permission to speak had not been given and certainly not permission to suck either. 

He rolled off her and gave her permission to lick her lips, which she did willingly, running her tongue back and forth over the top lip then the bottom. Her lips glistened with her own saliva now and he couldn't resist kissing her. As he broke from their kiss she looked deep into his eyes. "Fuck me," she whispered softly. "Please Master, FUCK ME!" 

He forgave her for speaking without permission because, God knows he wanted her. He positioned himself between her legs and guided his cock into the warmth and wetness of her womanhood. He felt the silky softness of her stockings as she wrapped her legs tightly around his back, pulling him into her. He slammed into her, hard and deep and her body lurched from the force. She reached in between them and searched out her clit with her fingertips. He pumped into her long and hard. He couldn't stop; he needed to fill his sweet slut with his cum. He could feel her pussy tightening around his cock, squeezing it as she screamed out his name. He raised himself up and grabbed her legs and placed them over his shoulders. He caressed her legs, running his hands over and over the silky softness of the stockings. He continued to thrust into her hard and fast and when he came it was an explosion. 

He held her tightly in his arms, her head resting on his shoulder, her warm breath on his neck. He turned his face towards her and kissed her lips tenderly. "You are beautiful," he whispered as his eyes slowly closed and he drifted off into the sleep of the exhausted. She smiled and kissed the tip of his nose. She would let him sleep for awhile and when he awoke, they'd make love.