 Jordan sat in her small cubicle, packing away the last remnants of her belongings. The company she worked for had just been bought. They were downsizing and her position was no longer needed. 

"Hey Jordie." a voice said over her head as she was disconnecting some of the plugs to her personal equipment. 

"Hey Lance." she answered. She knew that voice without looking. 

"Again I would like to apologize..." Lance began to say. She sat back in her chair looking at her former boss. He was in his late fifties. His gray hair showing signs of the stress he was under. His glasses hanging on his nose. 

"It's not your fault." she said. She shrugged. "It's business." she understood. They had been kind to her. They gave her three months to look for a new job. Which she tried but none of the potential positions paid her half of what she had made. She could not afford to take such a huge pay cut. Her roommate had already told her she had to come up with her half of the rent or move out. Jordan was well short of the amount. 

"If there is anything I can do to help. Please let me know." he said solemnly. He hated to lose a person like Jordan. She had always been a hard worker from the start. Always on time never any complaints and a star employee to the rest of the other co workers. 

"No." she replied she took a deep sigh. "I just never thought..." she said shaking her head. Lance walked close to her. He never would admit it but he always thought of Jordan as one of his daughters. 

"It might not be as bad as you think it is." he said. Trying to comfort her. She looked up at him. She nodded. 

"I better go." she said standing up and putting the last of her belongings in the duffel bag. She quietly stood up and gave her boss a firm handshake. They exchanged a silent glance and she walked out towards the elevator. Other co workers either waved goodbye or tried to smile. 

As she stepped onto the platform to await the train. She noticed the usual people that took public transportation in this large city. Most of the time she was too busy in her own world to pay attention. But for some reason she did today. Maybe it was the fact that she might be seeing them for the last time. There was the business people, a few others that looked like it was their second or third shift. Then there was the people that prayed on others, hoping someone was not paying attention to their belongings. Jordan sat on a bench and people watched, but she was used to the stares she got, so much so that it did not affect her anymore. She stood at five foot, four inches, but when she wore heels she looked a lot taller. She weighed just under one hundred and thirty pounds. Her short ash blonde hair which was all natural stopped just below her ears. 

She had a figure most women would die for or at least pay good money to get. She hid her figure very well in business suits and long coats. But she had not always looked like this. She saw a woman that reminded her of her old self pass her by. She was already breathing heavy from walking down the stairs to the subway. Now she sat on another bench and breathed a sigh of relief to be off her feet. Jordan had been slightly bigger than that woman. At the last time she weighed in before the drastic life change. She had weighed close to three hundred pounds. Her hair had been messy and long, nearly touching her ass. And people always looked away from her. But she had been happy. The large trumpet of the trains horn brought her back from memory lane. She boarded the train and sat away from the door. Again she people watched all the people in her cabin. Her stop approached fast and she made her way home. 

As she pushed the key into the door of her small apartment. She could hear the rhythmic thumping of the headboard hitting the wall and the moans of her loud roommate being drilled yet again. She had met some guy from a chat site online and this was their first actual meeting face to face. He had been here almost three days and it seemed like they never stopped fucking. Jordan sighed and past the door, thankfully it was closed this time. When she left it had been wide open and she had gotten a full view of the guy fucking her from behind. A memory she was still trying to wipe clean from her mind. She threw her bags next to the other items she had already packed. And looked online to make sure the moving company was still coming tomorrow to pick the rest of her furniture up. 

"Hey Jordie!" her roommate said opening her bedroom door. 

"Hey Jamie." Jordan said. 

"So today is the big day huh?" Jamie said walking into the room her hair still all messed ups. Jamie was what some people would call trashy. She did not work, but claimed disability from a work accident that happened many years ago. As well as every other government help she could claim. Her jet black hair was always in a state of disarray. The only thing going for her was that she was a self proclaimed sex addict. It did not matter who, where or why, she wanted it in every way shape or form. 

"Yeah just getting a few things together then I will be gone." Jordan said with a fake smile. She was not happy about this arrangement but she had no choice. 

"Well I wish you the best." Jamie said. As she gave Jordan a big hug. Jordan turned her head as the smell of sex, weed and just plain funk filled her nostrils. 

"Thank you." Jordan said. Jamie left the room and she heard the other door close. It did not take long for her to hear the moans of a male getting his dick sucked to make it through the thin walls. Jordan sighed and shook her head. She grabbed all of the things she was going to carry with her. There was a slight knock on the door. Jordan walked past Jamie's door only to hear the confirmation of what she thought was going on to be yelled out. Again she shook her head. Jamie's little brother stood there. Staring back at her. 

"Hey" he said as he walked in. 

"Hey" she replied. "Thanks for doing this." she said as she handed him a fifty dollar bill. 

"No problem" he said as he put it in his pocket. "Not like you could trust nymphet in there to do it." he said as he walked past his sisters door. He was so used to his sister sleeping around that it did not bother him anymore. "Who is it this time?" he said as he jumped on Jordan's bed. 

"Some guy from online." Jordan said as she put back on her long coat. "So you got this right?" she said to confirm. 

"Yeah" he said as he pulled out a piece of paper. "This is the address you want all the stuff to go to. I will confirm it with what the movers have, and everything in the room goes except the computer. Thanks for that by the way." he smiled. 

"No problem I will get a new one." she said as she picked up the bags. 

"And the bed goes to the red cross." he said reading the last of the note. The pounding of the headboard began again. "At least she should put something over the headboard." he shook his head pulling out a pair of ear buds. 

"There is something on the headboard. That's the sad part." Jordan smiled. "Thanks again." she said as she waved. He waved back at her as she left. As she got downstairs she motioned for a cab. 

"Where to?" the cab driver asked. 

"Laguardia airport." she replied. The driver nodded and took off. She looked around everything seemed so surreal now. It had only been twelve years since she came here. With nothing but a handful of cash in her pocket. But she had made it. She had gotten a good respectful job, had fallen in love. Made friends and gained the respect of many people. Not many people coming to New York could say that. She did not feel any shame in heading back home. She held her head high. The minutes rushed by and she found herself outside of the large airport. 

"Have a safe flight." the driver said as she paid him. She rushed in even though she had planned everything to the last minute. She looked up at the board and sighed. Her flight was delayed of course. Oh well she thought it gave her a chance to get changed into something more comfortable to where she was going. She went through the gate and the security checkpoint. She found the gate the plane was leaving from. She confirmed everything with the ladies behind the counter. She quickly went into the bathroom and into one of the big stalls and began to change. Taking off the business suit she was wearing and putting on skin tight blue faded jeans. The stockings came off for white socks. Her nice heels came off for some rugged boots. Her top changed to a plaid black and blue shirt she left it slightly open to reveal the black shirt underneath. She took a couple of handful's of water and doused her hair and ran her fingers through it. 

"There." she said to herself. She looked at the image in front of her. "Not quite out of the city and into the country yet." she said. "But it will do." She looked down at the business attire on the floor. She scooped it up into one big heap and threw it into the large trash bag outside the door. 

"You go girl!" one of the cleaning ladies shouted at her. 

"Just returning to my roots." Jordan replied. The lady gave her a thumbs up. Jordan smiled. She was beginning to feel better already. She sat down and began to thumb through her contacts on her phone deleting the ones that weren't relevant anymore. The plane began to board and Jordan made her way on. It was a long five hour flight home. 

As soon as she arrived she looked around and found the car rental. No one was waiting for her. It felt good to be back in her home state, but she still had a three hour drive to her home town. No one was expecting her return but she knew she would be welcomed. Well by her mother at least. She paid the man behind the counter and climbed up into her rental truck. And gunned it towards home. 

The sun was just coming down as she reached the town limits. Everything was the same as she remembered it. She turned off onto a side street. When lights lit up behind her. She shook her head and pulled over. 

"License and regis... Jordie?" the policeman said. She recognized that face anywhere. 

"Rick?" she said in an excited voice. She opened the door and jumped down from the truck. The large man picked her up like a rag doll. 

"What the hell are you doing back?" the man said. 

"Well the shit hit the fan and I decided it was best to return home." Jordan said. Her southern voice returned like it was never gone. 

"Well glad you're back." he replied. "Your folks know your home?" he asked. Jordan sighed and shook her head. "Jordie." the man said shaking his head. 

"I was scared alright. Kinda figured they wouldn't say no if I was standing in front of them." she said as if asking if he approved. 

"I dunno." he said taking the hat off his head and scratching the top of his head. "Your pa was mighty pissed. When you left and headed for New York of all places." he said. 

"Yeah. Still haven't talked to him since I left. Talked to mom though, a couple of times." she said. 

"Well tell you what." Rick said. "I'll escort you over. If they don't take you in. Jack still owes me a favor at the motel so you can stay there till they come around. How's that sound? He said. 

"Great. I'll follow you." Jordan said. Rick got back in his police truck and drove off, with Jordan behind. After a few twist and turns they ended up on a large ranch. Jordan pulled ahead as they drove down the long dirt road to the main building. An older man was just laying out some hay for the horses at one of the barns when he saw the trucks pulling up. He was tall, and quite muscular for his age. He wore a green hat. He shook his head and walked over to the house. 

"Ma you better get out here!" he yelled. He took a seat on one of the steps. An older lady stepped out on the porch. 

"What is it?" she asked. She was small in height but big all around. She had long black hair. "oh my" she said as she saw Jordan step down from the truck. Rick came up behind her but stayed his distance. 

"Hi Ma, Hi Pa" Jordan said half looking up and half looking at the ground. Her mum ran down the small steps and hugged her youngest daughter.

"Welcome home Jordie." her mom said. 

"Her name is Jordan." her dad said angrily. "I should know I named the poor child. He stood up. Her mom stepped aside and looked over at her husband. Jordan walked forward slowly. 

"You going to say hi?" she asked politely. He looked up at her with steel blue eyes. He looked away from her and down the dirt path. 

"Twelve years." he said shaking his head. Jordan looked back at Rick as if she was going to take him up on his offer. "Twelve long years I have been waiting to say this." he said. He embraced his daughter. "I'm sorry." he said. 

"No Pa. It's me that should be sorry." she said crying into her fathers arms. 

"Well everyone's sorry." her mom said. "Now that, all that is over. Let's get you inside." she said grabbing her daughter and pulling her inside. 

"Y'all have a good night now." Rick said as he got back in his truck. 

Jordan and her parents had a big dinner. She could not remember the last time she had ate that much. She walked upstairs to her room. It was the same as she had left it. Everything was still in the same place. 

"All I ever did was dust." her mom said from behind her. "Your dad said to leave it just the way it is." she said from the doorway as Jordan looked around. Tears began to fill her eyes. "Now Now Jordie." her mom said walking in. "What is done is done. You proved your point and all is forgiven you hear!" her mom said in a stern voice. Jordan nodded. "Now you clean up this room." she said as she turned around and walked away. "Your not sixteen anymore" her mom left. Jordan laughed. She had been seventeen when she had left. Everything in the room was still as she remembered right down to the stuffed bears. As she began to take out the clutter and childish stuff. She began to feel more at home. She finally finished just after two am. She laid down on the bed. Quickly she fell asleep. 

The morning came quick she heard a loud noise from outside. She quickly jumped out of bed. She remembered that she was back at home, she quickly got a pair of jean shorts on and a shirt and quickly ran down stairs. She passed her mom in the kitchen. She gave her a quick wave and ran out into the morning air. It was still dark outside, the sun had not broken through the clouds. She knew where she had to go and quickly ran over to the wooden fence, she climbed through the middle and made a bolt for the large barn in the distance. As she got there she could hear her father grunting as he was moving fresh hay into the barn. 

"Hey Pa." she said slowing down to a slow walk. He looked over at her and shook his head. She quickly glanced at herself and realized wearing a white shirt with a blue bra underneath with the weather this cold was not the best idea. She reached just inside the barn door and found a winter jacket. There was always one there, even though her dad never used it. 

"Better." he grumbled. 

"I am my mother's daughter." she shrugged. To that he smiled. 

"That you are." he said with a smile on his face. She picked up a pitch fork and climbed the stairs. She shuffled and got into place, she began pitching the hay down to her father who then placed the hay into the stalls. 

"Is Melvin, taking the horses out, this morning?" she asked. She quickly realized even though she went to the gym nearly every day, when she was in New York, she was very out of shape for farm work. 

"Melvin has not worked here in two years." her father said back up to her. She was stunned. Melvin had been working for her father for as long as she could remember. Hell it was Melvin that had taught her how to drive. 

"Really?" she said hoping to get more information. 

"Yeah he caught cancer. And after two months of fighting it took him." he said. He said it like if it was nothing. 

"Sorry to hear that." she said pitching a large amount down. 

"Nothing to be sorry about. He smoked, he got cancer, he died." her father shrugged. "We all got to go sometime." he said as he waved his hands up to her. She stopped pitching and began to climb down. 

"So who took the horses out?" she asked. 

"I did." he answered back. 

"Who helps out around here?" she said standing near him. 

"I don't need no damn help!" he said as he limped away. 

"Dad!" she said staring at his leg. 

"Oh shucks!" he said leaning against the wall. He pulled his pants leg down hiding a long scar. She was still staring at him. "It was an accident." he said. 

"Looks like it was more than that." she said kneeling down and lifting the pant leg. The scar was barely healing and blood was beginning to seep out of it. "Did you see the doc?" she said. As she spoke she could hear own country accent returning. 

"I don't need to see no damn doc, for a scratch." he said pulling away from her. 

"Oh yes you will." she said grabbing his arm. 

"Jordie! You can't come back and think you have the run of the place." he said as he was being pulled towards her truck. 

"Get in!" she said as they reached the truck. He shook his head and began to walk away. "Get in or I swear pa, I will lift you in there, and buckle the seat belt." she said. He looked back at her, she had those eyes, the same eyes she had when she said she would leave, the same eyes he tried to call their bluff and lost his daughter for so many years. He knew better than to call their bluff this time. 

"Swear you're just like your mother." he said turning around and climbing into the truck. 

"Ma! Going into town, you want anything?" Jordan yelled. 

"Some flour and some eggs!" her mom yelled back. Jordan climbed into the driver seat. The keys were still in the ignition. She started the engine and gunned the truck towards town. 

Town was only fifteen minutes away. It was a small circle of shops and other local businesses. Anyone could throw a football from one side to the other. 

"Now I am going to get stuff for mom, and talk Rick about returning the rental. Can I trust you to go to doc's and get that leg checked out or do I have to follow you in there?" she asked taking off the winter coat and throwing it into the bed of the truck. The sun had come out and she didn't care what people around here thought. Her father mumbled something and began walking towards the local health store. "Thank you!" she yelled back. Her father just waved his hand in the air. 

Jordan smiled and began walking towards the sheriff's office. She saw a few people that she remembered and waved at them. They half hardheartedly waved back. She opened the office door and saw Cole. 

"Cole?" she said surprised. 

"Jordie?" the skinny man stood up. 

"You're still working here?" she said. 

"Yeah after I gave up the sheriff position. Rick let me stay on as a helper. I answer calls and what not." he said giving Jordie a big hug. 

"Holy crap you lost weight." she said staring at the man. The last time she saw him he was triple the size he was now. 

"Yup. Went on a diet and never looked back. Been hiking, canoeing and all kinds of stuff." he said patting his stomach. "You're looking grown." he said peering at her large chest. 

"Yup. Thought the family curse missed me, then I turned twenty and pow. Here they are." she said grabbing her chest. 

"Yeah. We all thought it would of missed you though. As fast as you ran." Rick said coming out of his office. 

"Probably can still out run you. Even with these things." she said giving Rick a hug. 

"Doubt it. But I am willing to watch you try." Rick said. 

"Perv!" Jordan said. 

"So what brings you in here?" he asked. 

"Can you take me back to the city? To drop off the rental?" she asked. 

"I dunno." Rick said looking around. 

"Go ahead. Adrian and Ray come in at ten, the three of us should be able to handle anything, till you get back." Cole said. 
