 His key slid into the lock on the front door as he sighed. A week on the road was exhausting. Airport food, lumpy motel mattresses and busting his ass 12 hours a day. It was good to be home.

It was late but Denise had left the foyer light on for him. She was probably already asleep. As he opened the door, he was greeted by a note hanging from the hall light. He pulled his bag in the door and closed it, then reached up and read the note.

"Follow the roses" was all the note read. Puzzled, he looked down and saw a beautiful path of rose petals leading through the living room and up the stairs. He did as the note ordered and followed the winding path up the stairs and to his bedroom door, where he was greeted with yet another note that read, "Open the door and follow your senses."

He opened the door to a pitch-black room. The room smelled distinctly of roses. He carefully walked in, unsure of what he was supposed to be looking for. Then he smelled Denise's perfume and sensed her presence in the room. He turned in the direction of the window, sure that was where the perfume was at it strongest.

Sure enough, there was Denise (at least it FELT like Denise), standing against the window. Now he was really perplexed. What was she up to?

He leaned forward to give her a kiss. As his lips touched hers, he felt his body respond, the warmth, the excitement. Damn, he missed this when he was away. Her tongue meshed with his, exploring, tasting, teasing. His hand moved from his side to feel her soft skin, then realized her arms where up in the air. He reluctantly broke the kiss and said, "What is going on here?" He reached over to turn on the dresser lamp. Once his eyes focused in the instant bright light, his jaw dropped.

There stood Denise, dressed in a light purple baby doll chemise, her ample breasts showing through the strategically placed, fur lined holes, with a matching bikini and garter belt holding up very silky thigh high stockings. Her feet enclosed in high heels. The outfit was definitely enough to get his attention, but then he noticed her arms up over her head, her hands secured with leather straps to the curtain rod. Her ankles secured with the same leather straps, pulling her long legs wide apart.

"Welcome home baby. I missed you," she whispered huskily. He could hear the desire in her voice.

He was on her in a heartbeat, his mouth devouring hers. His hands sliding all over her, feeling her biceps strain against her bonds. He attacked her right breast, his tongue flicking over the hardening nipple, while twisting and pinching her left nipple, making her groan and arch toward him. He decided he liked this chemise...gave easy access. He came back up to kiss her again, loving the warmth and taste of her. His hand glided down to the purple bikini, his finger tracing the edge along her stomach, making her squirm. Then sliding lower still...first he felt the wetness seeping through the material, and then he realized how much she had missed him. He worked his fingers around the material to touch her skin to skin. He fingers were greeted with the hot wetness he'd been dreaming about and slid between the shaved lobes of her pussy. As his finger glanced over her engorged clit, she let out a guttural groan as her knees threatened to turn to jelly.

He knew she loved this, loved the feeling of being taken, losing control. He rubbed his finger lengthwise along her slit, fast and hard, bringing her to the brink of climax. He was holding her now, her legs no longer capable of holding her upright as she was completely under his control. His lips tasting every inch of her neck and face and he continued his assault on her sensitive pussy. He felt her muscles tensing, heard the rising tempo of her heart and breathing and knew she was close. He slowed his movements and circled her clit...careful not to brush it, bringing her back down before she climaxed. He loved torturing her this way, almost as much as she enjoyed. Though from the cries of disappointment he was hearing, you wouldn't know she enjoyed it.

When he knew it was safe to continue, he started his attack again. This time, slower, more directed, his finger alternating between her clit and sliding deep inside her. He could feel her juices dripping onto his hand, knowing she was getting desperate for him to take her over the edge. Instead of letting her cum, he withdrew his hand with an evil grin on his face, ignoring her pleas.

Instead, he kneeled down in front of her. He hooked a finger on either side of her hips and slid the underwear down her thighs. He leaned in and slid his tongue inside, tasting her. Circling her clit with his tongue, sucking on it gently, tasting every inch of her. He could feel her cumming, could feel the pulsing against his tongue. He knew she liked it slow, making her climax last longer. She screamed as she exploded on his tongue and her body convulsed as the waves of orgasm washed over her.

He was on his feet and removing the straps from her arms and legs. She collapsed into him, her arms wrapping around his neck, covering his face and neck with kisses. He picked her up and sat her on the dresser. He couldn't wait any longer and needed to be inside her, feeling that heat wrapping around him. He was undressed in a heartbeat and sliding his hard cock into her. Her legs wrapped around him as he entered her, holding him close to her. That first thrust, sending shocks of pleasure through both of them, seemed to last forever, both hanging on to each other. He slowly started to move, back and forth, each movement bringing him closer to cumming. She leaned back against the dresser mirror, arching her back, matching him thrust for thrust, pulling him deeper inside.

She leaned closer and whispered in his ear, "I need to taste you." He didn't need to be asked twice. He carried her over to the bed and laid her down gently. He did as instructed and straddled her head, his balls resting on her nose. He felt a little silly, he was used to being on the bottom, but this is what she requested, so who was he to argue? He felt her lips on the head of his cock...could feel her hot breath brushing over him. He leaned down and took her again with his mouth as her mouth wrapped around his cock. He groaned against her pussy as she took all of him, slowly, in her mouth. He could feel the back of her throat resisting against his hardness, but she didn't stop. He could feel her swallow which allowed him to slide deeper still. Her hands on his ass, forcing him down deeper. His hips started to move, thrusting into her, her groans of pleasure encouraging him. Her tongue circling him with each withdrawal. He was fucking her mouth hard, the intensity growing with each thrust. The back of her throat nipping at the head of his cock with each down thrust, driving him crazy. He had abandoned her pussy, unaware that he had stopped. His head lying between her thighs as he let the pleasure overtake him. He exploded deep in her throat, as she sucked on him, drawing every drop she could, until he rolled over and collapsed on the bed next to her.

After he collected himself for a few seconds, his head popped up to look at her. She had a huge self-satisfied grin on her face. "Liked that, huh?" she giggled. He just smiled and lay down behind her, wrapping his arms around her and whispered in her ear, "I liked it so much, I intend on returning the favor, as soon as the room stops spinning."

"If you don't stop wiggling, you are gonna force me into making love to you again," he whispered in her ear. Lying as they were, wrapped in each other's arms, his spent cock was resting against the crevice between her two ass cheeks...and she was making sure that her slight wiggling was aimed right at his cock. She could feel it growing harder with each wiggle. He leaned into her and kissed her exposed neck, loving the taste of her.

Denise giggled, "I believe that is the point!" She pushed her hips backward against him, drawing a deep groan from him. His one hand came up to trace her lips, dipping inside her mouth. She sucked each finger with delight, tasting her own sweet taste mixed with his. He reached down between them and stroked his completely hard cock with his wet fingers, his other hand caressing her breasts. When Denise pushed her hips back against him again, she got what she wanted.

She felt the tip of his cock slip between her ass cheeks and hit its mark. She gasped as his cock rubbed against her virgin anus. He whispered for her to relax and slowly slid his cock inside her. The first shot of pain hit her, making her gasp. He stopped immediately, allowing her to get used to this new position. He could feel her muscles clenching and releasing on his cock. He wasn't sure how much longer he'd hold out. But he didn't have to wait long...he felt her relax and start to move against him, whispering his name and urging him to move.

He moved slowly at first, careful not to hurt her. The waves of pleasure hitting him were driving him crazy...making him want to slam into her hard. He controlled himself only long enough for her to become accustomed to having him inside her. When she met him thrust for thrust, he lost control. Before she knew what was happening, she was on her hands and knees and he was behind her, fucking her like an animal, completely lost in the pleasure. She reached between her legs and rubbed her clit furiously, not wanting him to cum without her. He was slamming into her hard, forcing her to use both arms to keep her balance. With a primal yell, he exploded deep inside her, filling her with his cum. When the shudders came to a stop, he collapsed on top of her, showering her back with kisses.

He lay down next to her and tried to gauge her reaction in the dark. What he didn't see what the pleased grin spreading across her face. He heard it in her voice, however, when she reached over and smacked his ass, telling him to get up and take a shower with her. He let out a pained groan, not wanting to move. He didn't think he could handle any more! She grabbed his hand and said, "No more...just a shower..."

He reluctantly got up...hesitant at first since his legs were still shaky. She already had the shower going as he wearily came into the bathroom. She stood in the shower stream, her hands up in her hair, moving the water through the long reddish brown strands. He stepped in with her as she grabbed the soap and lathered it through her fingers. She washed him from head to toe, being extra gentle with his cock, not wanting to push him too hard. 

He in turn lathered her down, but more slowly. He knew she was still ready, even if he wasn't. He moved his soapy hands over her breast, circling each nipple, the soap letting his fingers glide easily over her skin. He let his hands travel all over he body, from head to toe. Taking his time, his hands came up between her thighs, and slid inside of her. He spent some time sliding fingers of both hands inside her and around her clit, driving her nuts. Her legs were shaking when he finally stopped torturing her. He asked her to stand still as he grabbed the hand held showerhead and rinsed her body off. He lifted one of her legs to rest on the edge of the tub, opening her to him. She leaned into him and jumped as the hard stream of water hit her already aching clit. 

The pulsating water beating against her, she reached down between them and held her lips open to allow the full power of the water to hit her clit. He kneeled down in front of her so he could see the water beating against her. She leaned back against the wall, her hips rocking against the water. He could tell from her rhythm that she was going to cum and wanted to feel the force of her orgasm against his tongue. He leaned in and flicked his tongue against her clit along with the water. She screamed and spasmed, pushing herself against his mouth, rocking her pussy against his lips as she came, so hard he could feel her pulsing against his lips.

He helped her out of the shower, smiling that now HER legs were shaky. They lay down together, curling up under the covers. After a few moments, she looked at him and whispered, "I hate it when you go away, but I love the homecoming!" He laughed and kissed her tenderly. They fell asleep in each other's arms, both happy he was home!