 "Wake up! Wake up! Wake up!" Cara's voice shrilled loudly. She'd recorded this ringtone a few months ago so I was forced to get up every time she called me. 

"Whyyyyyy?" I groaned as I answered. 

"Hey get your ass up we've got breakfast," she chirped. 

"Fuuuck fine I'll be over in fifteen," I huffed. 

"Make it ten," she laughed before hanging up. 

I groaned and stretched my arms as I got out of bed. I felt sluggish, but the promise of a yummy breakfast was pushing me along. I decided to not put any effort into my appearance so I kept on my grey tank top. It was a crop tank top with a plunging neck line and side cut outs that showed off a decent amount of side boob. I did however switch out my sleep shorts for a thong and a pair of skin tight leggings. I threw my hair into a messy bun and brushed my teeth before applying a little makeup. I never used much I had a natural beauty that made it so makeup wasn't needed. Some people had told me I looked a lot like Annalynne McCord from that weird teen show about rich assholes. 

As I walked out into the living room I rolled my eyes at my strung out mother passed out on the couch. There was a pile of pills and a needle laying next to her and I couldn't help but want to strangle her. She was honestly such an idiot, one of these days she was going to kill herself and it'd be no ones fault but her own. Before I left I slipped on a pair of black ankle boots and Cara's brothers leather jacket that he'd left. I drug my feet across the street to their trailer and let myself in when I got there. 

"That was eleven minutes bitch!" Cara called from the kitchen. 

"Fuck off!" I yelled back. 

"Watch your mouth Ainsley," Camden joked as I plopped down at the table. 

"Shut up Cam," I grinned. 

"Hey that's my jacket," Camden pouted. 

"Sucks to be you then," I smirked. 

"Dude got enough cleavage?" Cara teased as she sat a plate of pancakes, bacon, and eggs in front of me. 

"Jealous much?" I smirked. 

"Nope cause you are totally getting detention today," she said rolling her eyes amused. 

"So you guys actually going to school today for once?" Camden asked.

Even though Cara and Camden were twins they weren't alike at all. Cara was a rule breaker through and through. Sure Camden had that bad boy persona, but he still cared about school and he was the quarterback of the foot ball team. He was going places and we all knew it. Cara and I on the other hand would be lucky to get out of this hell hole. I had a pretty good GPA, and I wasn't an idiot, but there was no way I was getting into college. Even if I did I couldn't afford it and I didn't play a sport so my chances at a scholarship were abysmal. 

"No idea yet," Cara shrugged. 

"How about all three of us skip and just chill here and smoke," I suggested. 

"You are such a bad influence Ains," Camden grumbled. 

"No one is forcing you to skip school," I rolled my eyes. 

"I don't particularly want to smoke, but we should totally just chill today I mean today is pointless anyway because tomorrow holiday break starts," Cara shrugged. Plus we were all eighteen so even if we skipped school there was nothing the school could do to stop us. I could literally call myself out for some bull shit reason and they couldn't say shit.

"That's true, fine I'll stay," Camden sighed. 

"Don't sound so put out," I teased. 

"Finish eating dip shit so we can go light one up," Camden rolled his eyes. I started shoveling food down my mouth and Cara made a comment about how lady like I was. When I finished I took Camden and my plates to the sink. 

"Alright I'm going to watch some soaps while you stoners bake," Cara said sticking out her tongue as she plopped down on the couch. 

I followed Camden to his room admiring his cute butt along the way. Camden was seriously attractive with his sandy blonde hair, seafoam green eyes, and a ridiculously muscled body. He was super tall and had chiseled looks that would some day win him a modeling contract when he went pro with football. 

"Hurry it up Cheech," I teased sitting down on his bed. I shimmied out of his jacket and tossed it to the side. 

"You can take off the rest of your clothes to if you want," he winked. 

"Don't tempt me," I said laying back. Camden and I were no strangers to what the other looked like naked. Ever since the night of my eighteenth birthday we had been hooking up constantly. Cara had no idea and we both wanted to keep it that way. 

"You are such a tease," he said lighting up a joint and laying back next to me. 

"I'm no tease we both know if your sister wasn't in the other room neither of us would be clothed right now," I rolled my eyes.

"True," Camden said leaning over and blowing a cloud of smoke in my face. His lips captured mine and I lightly bit his lip.

"Mmm," I moaned as his free hand slid under my top and played with my nipples. 

"All I have to do is turn on some music and you can moan all you want while I fuck you," he growled as I pulled my top completely off for him. 

I didn't want Cara to catch me with her brother, but I was extremely horny and Camden and his monster cock were so tempting. 

"Fine," I huffed. Camden got up and put out the joint in his ashtray before turning on some random rock music he was into. I quickly shimmied out of my leggings and thong leaving myself completely exposed. 

"Fuck your body is incredible," he groaned as he shed his clothing as well and crawled over me.

I bit my lip at the sight of his already rock hard member. 

"Fuck me already," I growled wrapping my legs around his waist.

Camden chuckled and I gasped as I felt the tip of his cock enter me. I was still trying to get used to his size so as his thick cock pushed inside of me there was a slight amount of pain. 

We moved slowly together building a rhythm and a deep penetration that had me gasping and moaning. I lifted my hips to meet his and with each thrust we moved faster and harder. 

"Oh fuck Cam oh yeah right there," I whimpered as his cock hit at just the right spot. 

"That's right baby tell me how much you want my cock," he grunted as he thrust deep inside me.

My hips lifted to meet his and I knew with the intense fucking he was giving me I wouldn't last much longer. Normally we let the pleasure build slow until we both came in an intense and mind blowing fashion, but today we didn't have that luxury. Today was about our need for a little release and trying to get said release before we were caught. It was all primal need and it was hard and fast fucking that had me screaming his name.

"Fuck your cock feels so good, I'm going to cum," I cried out.

I raked my fingernails down his back as I came and he began thrusting in and out of me at an intense speed. When he came he barely had enough time to pull out before he sprayed his load on my thighs. 

"Here babe," he said grabbing a random shirt of his and wiping my thighs clean. 

"Thanks," I giggled. 

"You can thank me by staying naked," he winked as he pulled on a pair of boxers. 

"You're just lucky I prefer to be naked," I said sticking my tongue out at him. 

"You're so damn sexy," he said grabbing the joint again and relighting it. I pulled on my tiny lace thong before taking the joint from him and taking a puff. 

"Camden you don't need to compliment me, I like fucking you even if you don't kiss my ass," I teased. 

"That's good to know, but I'm serious Ains.... you are the perfect girl," he said kissing me before taking a puff of his own. 

"I'm not perfect," I frowned. If I was then I wouldn't be breaking a best friend rule by fucking her brother. I turned down the music and took a step away from Cam. 

That's when we heard the sirens and I had a sinking feeling in my stomach. 

"Those sound close," Camden frowned and walked over to his window. I followed behind him and fought nausea as I took in the horde of cops that had descended on my house. 

"Hey Ainsley you should----," Cara said as she opened Cam's door and then fell short. 

"Oh come the fuck on!" she yelled as she saw our half naked state. 

"What's going on?" I asked as I scrambled to put on my clothes. I couldn't even care about her catching me with Cam right now I was too worried about what was happening across the street. 

"I don't know, but you should leave and go find out," Cara said with an extremely hurt expression on her face. I pulled on my leggings and my tank top lightning fast. 

"I'm sorry Cara," I said before rushing out of the room. I didn't even bother putting on my shoes before I sprinted across the street. I ran past the cops yelling for me to stop and up the steps into the living room. There was a gurney and on it was a body bag. 

Numbly I walked over and pulled down zipper revealing my mom's pale blonde hair and then her pale lifeless face. Her makeup was smeared and there was vomit in her hair, but she looked almost peaceful. 

"Mom," I whimpered. A random cop grabbed me then his arms wrapping around my waist as he dragged me out of the house. 

"Get off of me!" I screamed as I fought against him. 

"Mom! Mom!" I screamed at the top of my lungs. 

"You need to calm down!" he huffed as he set me down in the middle of the yard. 

I swung at the cop wanting to hurt anyone or anything. He easily ducked my punch and instead of cuffing me he pulled me into a hug and I broke down. I sobbed into his shoulder as I watched them wheel my mother out of the house and lift her into the ambulance. It wasn't that I was upset, she had never been a real mother to me ever, but I was angry. I was angry that she could be so stupid, I was angry that I'd been left behind by yet another parent, and I was angry that my entire world was going to change. It was not sad tears I cried, it was angry and frustrated tears. 

"Calm down Ainsley," the cop said rubbing my back in gentle circles. That's when I leaned back and realized that I recognized him. 

"Reid?" I asked as I tried to calm myself. Reid Weston was a friend I hadn't seen in a few years since he graduated. I hadn't even realized he stayed in town, but we hadn't been that close anyways. 

"Hey kid, do I need to keep restraining you or are you good?" he asked already releasing me. 

"I'm sorry," I frowned. 

"Don't worry about it." 

"What happened?" I asked hesitantly. 

"Are you sure you want to know right now?" he asked. 

"Yes," I assured him. 

"From what we can gather it seems she overdosed sometime last night.... there will be an autopsy to be sure, but we're pretty sure that's what occurred," Reid said in a professional tone. 

That means that when I thought she was passed out this morning she was actually dead. I felt sick to my stomach and I had to fight the urge to empty out my breakfast onto the lawn. 

"We called your grandmother and informed her, but seeing as you're eighteen now you will have to decide on the burial arrangements," he continued. 

"Okay," I nodded and then gave him a confused look, "I don't have a grandmother... my mom's parents are dead." 

"According to our records your mom listed her emergency contact as Evelyn Atwood... her mother." 

"I have no idea who that is," I frowned. 

"Well she is on her way here, but do you have anyone you can stay with?" he asked concerned. 

"No not anymore" I said glancing across the street. Cam and Cara were watching from across the street with worried expressions. Cara looked pissed and worried, but still pissed.

"Who found her?" I asked pulling my gaze away from them. 

"Charlie Vincent... he said he was your mom's boyfriend." 

Charlie Vincent was her boyfriend in a sense, but he was also her dealer. I was surprised he actually called 911 for her seeing as the drugs that killed her were undoubtedly his. 

"Yeah he was," I sighed, "so this Evelyn Atwood where is she coming from?" 

"I believe the address listed was over in Crestwood," Reid said in an unsure tone. 

Crestwood was a town exclusively for the rich and someone like me definitely didn't have family there so he had to be wrong. That town was filled with old families that had old money and you couldn't even step foot there unless you had at least ten mill in the bank. It was only a two hour drive away, but it might as well have been a world away.

Reid stayed by my side until the ambulance left and the cops began to clear out. "Take care of yourself Ainsley," Reid said before getting into his police cruiser and driving away. As soon as he pulled away Camden came rushing over and pulled me into his arms.

"I'm so sorry Ains," he murmured as he brushed my hair back and kissed me softly. 

"It's fine, I'm fine," I said watching as Cara frowned in our direction before heading inside. 

"If you need a place to stay or anything we're here for you okay?" Camden assured me. 

"Yeah I don't think Cara would agree with that, but thanks," I smiled up at him. I felt numb and I couldn't process anything. Eventually I knew I'd break and the fact that I had lost my mother and my best friend all in one day would come crashing down on me. For now though I was content to not feel anything. 

Camden pulled me inside and sat me down at the dining room table. He grabbed me a beer from the fridge and cracked the top for me. I took a big gulp as I glanced over to the couch where my mom had died. 

"So she overdosed?" he asked lifting me up and sitting me on his lap. 

"Yeah apparently.... what's fucked up is this morning when I saw her... she was already dead," I shuddered and took another big gulp of beer. 

"Don't think about that Ains," he sighed holding me tightly. 

"They said I had a grandmother." 

"Oh yeah? Well that's good sweet heart," Camden smiled sweetly. 

"According to Reid she's from Crestwood," I laughed. 

"That'd be bad ass if it was true." 

"I'm sure he messed up there is no way my trashy mother grew up there," I rolled my eyes. 

"You never know," he shrugged. 

"Well apparently she's on her way here now." 

"Maybe she'll pull up in a limbo with hundred dollar bills flying out of the sun roof," he teased.

"Sorry to disappoint, I just brought the town car today," an unfamiliar voice said. 

The two of us stared wide eyed at the woman standing in my doorway. She had dark ebony hair with a few grays, aging but still beautiful skin, and deep blue eyes similar to my own. She was dressed in a ruffled blouse and a black pencil skirt that went past her knees.

"Are you Evelyn?" I asked. 

"Yes I am your grandmother," she nodded. She put off a stand offish vibe that reminded me of my own defense system when meeting new people. 

"Did you even know she had a kid?" I said standing up from Camden's lap. 

"I did, she left with you when you were barely a year old," she said glancing around my trashed trailer. It was no castle before the cops had been here and it was even worse now that they had been. 

"Did you know my father?" 

"Yes." 

I braced myself before asking, "is he still alive?" 

Evelyn gave me a heart broken look and that was all I needed to know. "No he died shortly after you were born... your mother never told you?" 

"No she said he was a dead beat who left her pregnant and alone," I said gritting my teeth. This was just yet another lie my mother had told me. 

"Are you still in school?" Evelyn asked changing the subject. I could tell she was uncomfortable with talking about my mom and dad so I didn't mind. 

"Yes I have about five months left of my senior year." 

"Well we should talk about things.... alone," she said gesturing in Camden's direction. 

"Don't worry I can take a hint," Camden laughed. 

"You don't have to leave Cam," I grabbed his arm halting him. 

"It's fine babe, call me later," he said kissing me on the forehead before making his exit. 

"What is it we need to talk about?" 

"Well your living arrangements obviously," she huffed. 

"I'm perfectly content with where I live," I glared. 

"Don't lie to me," she rolled her eyes reminding me scarily of myself. 

"You don't need to worry about me, you haven't been around my entire life and I'm legally an adult now so you aren't obligated to give a shit," I rolled my eyes right back. 

"I had no idea whether you two were alive or dead until the policemen called me first of all and second of all I won't have my granddaughter and Christina's only living heir staying in a hovel," she yelled. 

"This is my home, not a hovel," I clenched my fists. 

"This is not a suitable home for an Atwood, and I'm guessing you don't have a job do you?" 

"No, but I'll get one." 

"You don't have to, your father left you quite a large inheritance as did your mother," she informed me. 

"My mother had no money and I don't want anything from you.... rich people only give with strings attached," 

"The only string attached is finishing your school year at Crestwood then the money and everything is yours," she said in a no nonsense manner. 

I sized her up and tried to decide if we she was for real or not. 

"Fine," I sighed. I wasn't a greedy person, but the prospect of having the money to finally live the life I wanted was too good to pass up. I could go to a good college, I could get out of this town... I had a future. It was scary, but it also gave me a little hope. 

"Good, go pack what you need we leave in a half hour," she declared.

That was the moment my entire life changed. For better or for worse I wasn't sure yet, but it was a change and it was what I needed. 

******************************************************

When we got to Crestwood we drove past the upper middle class part of the town and drove deep into filthy rich territory. We passed house after house until we finally reached a large black gate and a big stone wall that encircled the property. We were buzzed in and the driver drove down a short stretch of road until we reached a big circular drive way with a large fountain in the center. I tried not to roll my eyes as I looked up at the large mansion looming over us. You'd think a four story house that looked about the size of a school would be a little over kill, but hell it was Crestwood over kill was the way of life. As we got out of the car I heard the sound of crashing waves and I stifled a small smile, I really loved the ocean, but I still hated this town.

I followed Evelyn into her ridiculous mansion and into a rich person version of a living room. There was about ten people sitting and standing around. When we entered however all eyes were on me and I felt slightly self conscious. I was still wearing my skin tight leggings and skimpy crop top while all of these people were dressed like they were heading to a fancy dinner. 

I'm introduced to each strange person in turn. My Uncle Greg his wife Jessica, Aunt Lilly and her husband Jeffery, cousin Will and his wife Jane. Greg and Jessica's sons Tyson and Landon and Lilly and Jeffery's son Nicholas. Tyson and Landon both had their father's dark brown hair, but their mother's light brown eyes, and they had their father's strong rectangular jaw, but their mother's cheekbones and lips. Nicholas was an inch or so shorter and his hair was longer and tousled while Landon had short spiky hair. Nicholas was tall and built like his dad with dirty blonde hair, he had his mom's deep blue eyes that also matched Evelyn's he had a very angular jaw and his hair like Landon's was short and spiky. Tyson and Landon had both newly turned eighteen, Nicholas was nineteen and in college. 

"You look exactly like your mom," Aunt Lilly said fighting tears. 

"Okay," I shrugged unsure of what else to say. 

"Boys will you show Ainsley to the guest house, I need to talk to your parents," Evelyn said shooing the four of us away. On the ride here her and I had agreed that me living in the guest house would be an easier transition for the both of us. 
