 Derek couldn't stand the sight of his empty house anymore and he had only been home an hour. So he grabbed his keys and drove to the nearest bar. The place was packed but he managed to wiggle his way through the crowd and up to the bar. He looked around and thought to himself that maybe this was going to be a better night than he had originally thought. 

There were four female bartenders and two male bartenders, all wearing some variation of red, black, and white. One of the females came and stood in front of him. 

"What can I get for you soldier boy?" 

She asked looking at Derek who was still dressed in his army fatigues. Derek looked the girl up and down. She was wearing a black pleated skirt that hit maybe mid thigh, a white button down shirt that was unbuttoned and tied in a knot under her breasts. She had on a red lace bra that you could see plenty of along with ample cleavage and a black tie hanging between her breasts and half way down her stomach, almost pointing to her belly button ring. She had curly brown hair pulled up in a pony tail and beautiful brown eyes. After a few seconds of checking her out Derek responded, 

"What do you suggest?" 

She smiled and replied 

"Well that depends. Are you drinking to relax, forget something or someone, or to just plain get wasted?" 

Derek smiled and thought for a minute before answering, 

"Just to relax for now." 

"Well then I suggest beer or a mild mixed drink." 

"Beer is fine thanks." 

"What kind?" 

"What do you drink?" 

"Well if I'm drinking beer it's usually bud light. But I know a lot of people like Sam Adams, and Heineken & Land Shark is both popular." 

"Bud light it is." 

"Bottle, can or draft?" 

"Man, you ask a lot of questions. Bottle is fine." 

"I've got to make sure I give you exactly what you want." 

Kylie smiled at the man and reached in the cooler and grabbed his bottle of bud. She took the cap off and slid it to him. 

"Let me know when you are ready for another one." 

Derek took a long swig of his beer and watched the girl walk down the bar getting drinks for other people. He watched her talk to one of the other girl's bar tending then pick up a bull horn. The whole bar heard her say, 

"Hey everyone this gentleman here wants to take a body shot off of Abby here. Do you think she should let him?" 

The whole bar cheered. Derek watched as Abby climbed up and lay down on the bar. He watched closely as his bartender poured a shot in and over Abby's belly button then the guy she had pointed to stood up and sucked the liquor off of Abby's stomach. The bar erupting in cheers again as they watched. He laughed as Abby climbed off of the bar and wiped her stomach off. 

As Kylie kept making her way down the bar getting people their drinks and pouring the shot on Abby's stomach she kept looking down the bar at the soldier who had sat down there. He was handsome in his army fatigues with his short brown kind of spiky hair and brown eyes. He was about 5'11" and weighed about 185 pounds she would guess. Something about his eyes was disturbing her though. 

Kylie watched him take one last swig off of his beer so she made her way back down to him. 

"Need another soldier boy?" 

"Why don't you have a name tag on? What if I left and you were in the bathroom and I wanted to leave you a tip or something?" 

Kylie laughed then said, 

"The boss thinks that it is safer if the customers don't know our names. But mine is Kylie." 

She stuck her hand out to shake his. So Derek reached his hand out and shook Kylie's. 

"Well it's nice to meet you Kylie, I'm Derek. I do need another drink but I want to know something first. What would you have given me if I was trying to forget something or just trying to get wasted?" 

"Well if you were trying to forget someone or something I would have started you with a couple shots then have kept the strong mixed drinks coming. If you just wanted to get wasted I would have just kept giving you shots." 

Derek laughed 

"Man you really know your stuff. I'll just take another beer for now though." 

Kylie handed him another beer then worked her way down the bar again. Derek finished his drink and flagged Kylie down. 

"Hey how much do I owe you?" 

"It's on the house soldier boy. I refuse to charge some one who comes in here in there uniform. I figure they risk there lives fighting to keep us free the least I can do is give them free drinks." 

Derek smiled at Kylie and said, "Well thank you. I wish all people thought like you do." 

Kylie smiled back and said, "Ahhh so you are trying to forget someone." 

She turned around and poured a drink and slid it across the bar to him. 

"Drink a few of those. It's one of my favorite drinks and it will help you forget." 

Derek took a drink noting that it was a bit strong, but he really didn't care. He sat there in a daze, sipping his drink, as he finished it and sat the glass down a new one slid in front of him. He looked down the bar and saw Kylie smile and wink at him.  

Kylie watched the clock grabbing her keys and cashing out her drawer as the clock struck midnight. She had opened the bar up that afternoon which meant her shift ended earlier than everyone elses. She climbed over the end of the bar and walked through the crowd; she came and stood behind Derek's chair. She cleared her throat then said, 

"Give me your keys soldier boy." 

Derek turned around on his stool slowly. He looked at Kylie, 

"And why should I do that?" 

"I know how much liquor I put in those drinks, therefore I know that you are in no shape to drive." 

"And just how am I going to get home if I give you my keys?" 

"I guess I will have to call you a cab or take you home myself , if you can even give me directions to your house that is." 

Derek smiled and fished the keys out of his pocket, knowing he was semi hard and that Kylie could see that as she watched him get his keys. He handed them too her and stood up and followed her as she made her way through all the people out the door and to her car. 

"Get in soldier boy." Kylie said as she unlocked her doors and got in the car herself. 

Derek got in the car with Kylie and gave her very specific directions on how to get to his house. 15 minutes later they pulled up in front of his house and he turned to Kylie and smiled as he said, 

"See I told you I wasn't that drunk." 

Kylie laughed as she handed Derek his keys. 

"Well either way I think I can give these back to you since your car is still at the bar and I know you can't go anywhere now." 

Derek looked down at the keys then at Kylie. 

"Do you want to come in for a minute Kylie?" 

Kylie looked around then put the car in park and turned it off. 

"Sure, why not." 

She climbed out of the car and waited for Derek to lead the way up to the door. He unlocked it and stepped to the side letting her in first. She kicked her shoes off and waited for Derek to lead the way. He turned a light on and walked into the living room. 

"Make your self comfortable," Derek said then walked down the hall for a minute. 

Kylie sat down on the couch and picked up a picture frame off of the coffee table that had the glass broken out of it. It was Derek and a very pretty blonde woman. Kylie was still looking at it as Derek came back in the room. She hadn't realized that he had came back until she heard him say, "Oh I meant to clean that up. It fell earlier." 

Kylie looked at Derek with sympathy in her eyes. 

"Who was she Derek?" 

Derek took a deep breath then told Kylie that the woman was his soon to be ex-wife. He hadn't even known anything was wrong until he got the divorce papers the week before he was set to come home. With the papers was a note from his wife that she had already moved out of the house and didn't want to see him when he got home. All she wanted was her clothes and other small things and to be away from him. 

Kylie was utterly shocked. 

"Oh Derek I am so sorry." 

"She never liked being the wife of a military man. She just put up with it, but I thought she had gotten use to it. I was so ready to come home and have her run out to meet me and make love to her all night long. Because let me tell you, you don't get to many moments alone to jack off when you are on duty. So for the last few weeks that was all I could think about, then I got the papers." 

"It sounds like you deserve better anyways Derek." 

Kylie could see a shift in his attitude. He stood up and looked at her then said. 

"I think you should go now Kylie." 

Kylie stood up too and looked at him. 

"Why?" 

"I just ... I need to ... You just need to leave Kylie." 

"You need to what Derek." 

"I need to do something that I couldn't possibly ask you to stay and be part of." 

"Isn't it up to me to decide what I do and don't want to do?" 

"Kylie please, I need . I need to ..." 

Derek sighed and looked at Kylie. 

Kylie knew what he needed. She could see he was rock hard under his pants. If she could help make him forget she wasn't going any where. She untied her top and slid it off and undid her tie, leaving her in her red lace bra and her skirt. 

"You need what Derek?" 

Derek sighed again then said, "I'm just going to be blunt and tell you. I need to fuck. I don't need kissing and hugging and sweet passionate love making. I need to fuck and it's going to be hard and rough. I can't ask you to stay and take that." 

As Kylie stood there and watched Derek and listened to him she slid her black skirt down her long legs leaving her in that red lace bra and matching thong. She walked right up to him and said, "I will decide what I do and don't want to be a part of, and right now all I want is to see your eyes look less haunted." 

Kylie leaned up and kissed him. Derek pushed her away and with a new almost scary note in his voice he told her to take her thong off and lean over the arm of the couch. 

Kylie did as Derek told her and turned her head watching him unzip his pants and pull his 8 inch cock out. He walked up behind her and without warning slammed his cock inside of her pussy. It hurt, she wasn't wet yet and he didn't use any lubrication but she said she would do what he wanted. 

Derek grabbed hold of Kylie's hips and slammed his cock inside of her hard, over and over again. Kylie looked back at him and saw that Derek had his eyes closed. When her hips weren't giving him enough leverage he grabbed her shoulder and just kept thrusting his cock inside of her as hard as he could. He started to mumble something that Kylie couldn't quite make out but he was fucking her with everything in him. All the sudden Derek pulled out of her. When Kylie felt him pressing his cock head against her ass hole she looked back at him and said, "Derek I don't usually do anal." 

Derek didn't even look at her. He just thrust his hips forward sliding the head of his cock inside of her ass. Kylie whimpered in pain as she heard Derek say, "I'm tired of taking fucking orders."

Then, Kylie felt him slam his cock all the way inside her ass hole. She whimpered again the pain searing through her body. He started to fuck her ass hole harder than he had been fucking her pussy which Kylie didn't know was possible. As he fucked her ass hard Kylie heard him say, "Fuck Iraq ... Fuck War ... Fuck my ex wife." 

Derek grabbed her pony tail and jerked her head back with one hand his other hand still on her shoulder. He rammed into Kylie a few more times before she felt his cock jerk and cum inside her ass hole. When he was finished cumming he slid out of her ass and went and sat in the chair. Kylie stood up and asked, "Derek where is the bathroom?" 

Derek pointed down the hall and said, "It's the first door on the right." 

Kylie went to the bathroom and cleaned herself up. A few minutes later she came out and removed her bra putting it with the rest of her discarded clothing then went and very carefully sat on the arm of Derek's chair. Her ass very sore from the fucking it had just received. She ran her hand through Derek's hair and asked, "Better now?" 

"For the moment." Derek replied. 

"You know soldier boy I really am sorry about your wife leaving you, but she sounds like a bitch. Most women would be proud to have you as their husband. I remember you saying she couldn't put up with it. You need a woman who doesn't just put up with you being a soldier but is proud to tell all of her friends that her husband is a soldier out fighting for our country and our freedoms. A woman who runs out to meet you when she sees you come home and understands your need to just fuck before you can actually make love to her." 

Derek looked at Kylie as she talked and knew she was right and caught himself wondering if she could be the type of woman to be proud to have him as a husband. As he looked at her and her naked body, though, his animalistic need to just fuck came back. He did manage to smile at her and say thank you but then he looked at her and said, "Kylie suck my cock." 

Kylie smiled as she climbed on her knees in front of him. She wrapped her hand around his cock and started to stroke him as she bent down and flicked her tongue across his head. She circled his head with her tongue a couple times and licked his pee slit before taking his head in her mouth. She sucked him hard going down, taking more and more of him into her mouth. His head hit the back of her throat when she got about 7 inches in her mouth. She kept her hand wrapped around the base of his cock and started to suck him up and down. Slow and soft then hard and fast, she alternated her speeds as she flicked her tongue out against him and gently ran her teeth up and down his cock. 

She was stroking him the whole time she was sucking him. With her free hand she reached down and started massaging and squeezing his balls. She tried deep throating him again still only getting 7 inches in. She took a couple deep breaths and swallowed a few times trying again. Derek put his hands on her head pushing her down. As he did this she gagged and pushed back a bit. But her gagging excited Derek and he kept pushing her head down. The more he pushed the more Kylie gagged. Her eyes started to water and her eye make up started to run. 

It was hard to catch her breath with Derek fucking her face and pushing her head down more and more. She did get all 8 inches in but just kept gagging. But as she did, she kept telling herself that Derek probably wasn't really like this. That his need to just plain fuck was taking over and he probably didn't fully know what he was doing. She kept sucking Derek and squeezing his balls as he kept fucking her face. Before she knew it she felt him jerk again then felt a couple strings of cum slide down the back of her throat before he pulled his cock out of her mouth and came all over her face. As he finished cumming he collapsed back into the chair and didn't even open his eyes to look at her. 

Kylie got up and went to the bathroom again, washing her face off and fixing her eye make-up. She came out and sat on the edge of Derek's chair again. This time he pulled her onto his lap. He had taken his pants off after he had fucked her pussy and ass but must have taken his shirt off while she had been giving him head. His body was warm against hers. Derek looked at Kylie and said "I'm sorry. I'm not usually like that. I didn't mean to hurt you." 

"I know," Kylie said as she looked up into his eyes. They didn't look haunted anymore they just looked sad. Derek looked into her eyes and said, "Kylie I know this is a lot to ask but do you think you could be the woman who would be proud to call me her husband?" 

"Are you asking me to marry you?" Kylie asked kind of shocked. 

Derek laughed and shook his head. 

"No, but maybe just be my girlfriend and see what happens. I can see it in your eyes and I can tell by the fact that you are still here that I haven't scared you. Most women would have run the minute I started mumbling while I was fucking you." 

Kylie laughed then said, "No you don't scare me and yes I will be your girlfriend." 

Derek hugged Kylie then kissed her. 

"Good, you can stay the night then we will work on moving your things tomorrow. You know I think I'm ready to make love to you." 

"Oh really?" Kylie said. 

Derek gathered her in his arms and carried her off to his bedroom. He laid her on the bed and climbed in beside her. He started kissing her softly running his hands up and down her body taking in her beautiful naked body for the first time. He bent down and captured a nipple between his teeth, nibbling on it gently as he sucked on it, massaging both breasts, squeezing them together so he could go back and forth between nipples quickly. He slid a hand down her flat stomach and started to run it up and down her slit, following his hand with his lips. As he got between her legs Kylie spread them open for him, watching him intently as he stuck his tongue out and ran it up and down her slit. Kylie's eyes were soon closed and her body was arching toward him as she moaned. Derek had 2 fingers deep inside her pussy and his tongue was flicking over her clit and circling it. Soon he had his tongue deep inside Kylie's pussy and was using his thumb to rub the bud that was her clit. Kylie's body was quivering as she moaned over and over for Derek. All the sudden Derek heard Kylie saying, "Derek please, I need you inside me now. I need you to make love to me." 

Derek smiled as he climbed back up Kylie's body kissing up her stomach and sucking on each one of her nipples again before finally kissing her lips. As he kissed her passionately he slid his cock slowly into her pussy, both moaning loudly as he slid all the way inside her. Derek thrust in to Kylie over and over slowly picking up the pace. Kylie had her hands on Derek's back and clawed at him as she raised her hips to meet his every thrust. Derek and Kylie were both moaning almost non-stop as Derek fucked Kylie harder and faster. He could hardly believe that a few hours ago he was moping around about losing his wife and now here he was with an amazingly beautiful girl in his bed fucking the shit out of her. He was pretty sure she was a better fuck than his wife had ever been. Kylie slid one hand between her and Derek and started to rub her clit hard. She could feel her orgasm start to build. It was like Derek knew just how to move to turn her on more and get her even closer to her orgasm. As Kylie's body started to tremble with her orgasm and her pussy clenched tight around Derek's cock she heard him ask between moans and gasps, "Kylie ... are you ... ok ... without ... protection." 

As Kylie moaned out, "Oh fuck ... DEREK ... I'm cumming." 

She answered him, "Just cum inside me. I want to feel you cum in my pussy." 

That was all Derek needed to hear and he came for the third time that night, this time inside Kylie's pussy. When he was finished he collapsed on top of her, both of them trying to catch their breaths. As Derek rolled off of Kylie and they cuddled together, Kylie said, "Maybe it's a good thing your wife left you." 

"My who? All I remember is you." Derek answered. They both laughed and soon drifted off to sleep.