 My heart began to beat faster as I felt the plane begin it's descent. I was nervous as hell but also so very excited. I was finally going to meet Art in person. After months chatting online and teasing each other, I was going to be able to gaze into his devilish eyes, kiss his luscious lips and touch his gorgeous body. The butterflies in my stomach turned into humming birds as I walked into the waiting area. There he was but I couldn't move. I didn't have to because he began walking quickly towards me. He stopped just inches in front of me. Neither one of us said a word...just ate each other up with our eyes. He leaned in and softly, gently kissed me. The heat was immediate. I cupped his face and kissed him back - hard. I felt him shudder and as he pulled me closer to him, I could feel his hard cock. I pushed up against him and whispered into his ear, "We'd better get out of here now!"

He nodded, grabbed my carry on luggage, my hand and led me to his car. He threw my luggage in the trunk, closed it then lifted me up, spread my legs and positioned himself between them. He wrapped his arms around me, drew me close and began kissing me. I saw exploding rainbows - I straddled him to be closer as we ravaged each others lips and mouths. His kisses were intoxicating and I wanted more...so much more. I whimpered and struggled to get closer - I loved the feel of his cock pressing into my crotch and my pussy was so wet and ready for him. "Baby," I said. "I want you like crazy but not here. Let's go!"

We untangled ourselves, he helped me down but held onto me which was a good thing because my legs were weak with desire and I probably would have fallen flat on my face. Not the impression I wanted to make. We got into his car and he drove us away from the airport. We said little on the drive to his condo. We just held hands; occasionally glancing and grinning at one another. He was so sweet and such a doll. The drive to his place couldn't end soon enough for me.

We grabbed each other as we entered the condo without bothering to close the front door. I felt a bit grubby after traveling from California to Florida but at this point, I didn't really care and neither did he. We couldn't seem to unlock our mouths as we ground our hips together. I wanted to feel his naked body next to mine. I pushed him slightly away from me and began tearing at his belt and jeans. He stopped me then stepped back. He picked me up, wrapping my legs around his waist, falling against the wall and attacked my mouth again. He reached over and slammed the door. Still holding and kissing me, he walked me to his bedroom.

We fell onto the bed and he lay flat out on top of me. He felt glorious! He was in total control of me and he knew it. He slowed and softened his kisses. His lips moved from mine to my neck. I was wearing a blouse with buttons and a pair of jeans. He ripped the blouse out of my jeans and the buttons went flying. He nuzzled my nipples through my bra and a moan escaped from deep in my throat. He sat up and removed my shoes then unzipped my jeans. His mouth followed his hands as he pulled off my jeans. I was finally lying there in just my bra and panties - my very wet panties. He was still fully clothed and that just wasn't fair. I reached for his belt and jeans again but, as before, he stopped me.

"I don't want you to do anything except enjoy what I am going to do to you, ok?" His voice was deep and husky and so incredibly sexy. I was not capable of speaking; all I could do was nod my head in agreement. The smile he gave in response sent shivers up my body and a surge of animal desire to my pussy. I was his to do with what he wanted. He stood up from the bed and removed his shirt. His chest was delectable. I reached out to touch it but he leaned away and denied me that pleasure.

"No, just let me love you." He whispered. I melted and belonged to him. He smiled, leaned down and lightly rubbed his thumb across my lips. I shivered. He took his thumb from my mouth and caressed my nipple through my bra. He pulled the straps down and pulled me up towards him to reach the back to unhook it. I fell back and he took a nipple between his lips and nibbled. His tongue went round and round. He suckled. I moaned with pleasure. His hand traveled down my body until reaching the top of my panties. He removed his mouth from my breast and kissed his way down to meet his hand. He knelt between my legs and licked my pussy through my panties. Using his teeth, he moved my panties aside. He lightly and gently rubbed my clit with his wet finger. It felt delicious but I wanted more. I pushed my pussy closer to his mouth. He chuckled as he removed my panties. He spread my legs far apart, licked my clit and stuck a finger deep inside me. I again moaned with pleasure. He nibbled and licked and sucked my clit as his finger went in and out of my pussy. I was so close to exploding when he stopped. I groaned in frustration and once again he chuckled. He stood up and as he was unzipping his jeans, his beautiful cock sprung free. I wanted to take it deep in my mouth but he was in control and I restrained myself.

He lay down beside me, pulled me into his arms and we kissed. It was a beautiful kiss - full of love although it quickly turned into desire. He pulled me on top of him - positioning my pussy above his cock but it was my turn to be in control. I moved down his body until I was in between his legs and cupped his balls. I wrapped a hand around his cock - his very hard cock, loving the silky, soft skin feel of it. I leaned down and took the tip of his cock into my mouth. I swirled my tongue around it and lightly sucked. I took his cock deep inside my mouth, licking and sucking and caressing his balls. It was his turn to moan with pleasure. I had to have his cock inside me. I straddled him and took his cock deep inside my pussy. Oh my, what a feeling! I rode him, clenching his cock with my pussy. We came together, both screaming out each other's name. I collapsed on top of him, breathing hard. We stayed that way until our breathing returned to normal. He pulled me down beside him and we both burst out laughing. It was the most incredible sex I had ever had and from the sound of his laugh, it was his also.