 This is the second in a series of stories about two neighbors getting to know each other a lot better. They can be read independently, but are probably better read in order. Feedback is always welcome!

*****************************************

Sarah had installed the shower as her one major extravagance. It was huge, with an open entry, deep cobalt tiles and jets installed everywhere. She stumbled into it, her body still trembling with adrenaline and orgasm. She turned a few knobs and let the warm water wash over her. Resting her flushed face against the still-cool tile, she closed her eyes. As soon as she did, erotic images assaulted her. She could see herself spread out wantonly on his couch, her hands buried in her pussy. She could see him pumping his cock with his fist, hot eyes latched onto her wet cunt. Sarah shuddered and felt more thick desire drip out of her. She adjusted the spray. 

Mark walked into the bathroom to find his new neighbor with her hands braced against the shower wall with her legs spread. She stood so a jet of water rushed over her throbbing clit. He could imagine it mixing with her juices, pulsing in her pussy. He'd come downstairs to, well, he didn't know to what, but he'd been too intrigued to leave it where it was. He'd knocked, but there had been no answer. He tried the door and found it unlocked. Mark had opened the door a crack and called, but there'd been no response. But he'd heard the shower running, and some devilish impulse—perhaps he'd caught it from her—urged him inside. So much for conversation and a handshake. Now all he could think about was pumping into her, fucking her blind. He quickly stripped and walked into the shower.

Sarah's breathing hitched. God, she was close. She imagined his big, throbbing cock and her pussy clenched. Inside her. Fuck, she wanted him inside her, stretching her, filling her, pounding her. 

When she felt the hands slide up her torso and the cock press against her ass, she thought she was still caught in her own fantasy. Then she looked down. Strong hands cupped her breasts, tan skin contrasted against the paleness of her flesh. Tapered fingers slipped over her nipples, the nipples she'd so recently coated with her juice and his come; she could see the tips protruding from between his middle and index fingers. Those clever fingers squeezed the hard tips, dragged lightly over the aureoles and started rubbing and tugging. It felt like he was playing with a live wire connected directly to her clit. Each tug, each twist resonated in her throbbing cunt. 

He withdrew one hand and grasped her around the waist, bending her slightly. He rubbed his cock up and down the cleft of her ass, enjoying the wet silky glide of her skin against his dick. Then, positioning himself, he slid his cock deep into her dripping pussy. Nudging her with his hips, he forced her clit closer to the pounding water and then drew back. Her pussy walls clenched, grabbed, trying to keep him inside her. She wasn't even breathing anymore, but moaning, deep guttural sounds that echoed around them in the chamber, swirling with the billowing steam. Two more deep thrusts, and that was all it took. Sarah convulsed, her cries turning to a long, primeval yell of satisfaction. 

Mark felt the muscles contract beneath the hand he had splayed on her taut stomach. His neighbor stood there, practically boneless, supported only by her hands and the arm he'd wrapped around her waist. Her head dropped down, displaying the elegant line of her neck and her mouth hung slightly open as her breathing slowed and returned to normal.

It took Sarah a moment to jolt back to reality. When she did, she felt water spraying against her and her new neighbor's still-hard cock lodged deep in her pussy. Well, that hardly seemed fair. She clenched the walls of her cunt experimentally, once, twice. The third time she was rewarded with a sharp nip where her neck and shoulder met and she shuddered. She straightened and pulled away, felt his shaft sliding and the head popping out. She turned to face him. And once again, before he could speak, she pressed her fingers against his mouth.

Mark watched, almost bewitched, as his shower siren dropped to her knees in front of him. Her face was flushed from heat and orgasm. She gazed up at him, her hazel eyes glittering and heavy-lidded with lust. And then she leaned forward, and delicately flicked the tip of her pink tongue against the oozing head of his dick. 

Sarah smiled to herself as she drew her tongue back and licked her lips. She could taste them both on him, her thick salty tang, his slippery salty musk. A contented sigh escaped her, blowing lightly over his aching head. Once again that tongue flicked out. She drew the tip up and down his slit, flicked it back and forth across his frenulum and then swirled it around the head. She was torturing him, torturing his cock, with a few scant centimeters of tantalizing tongue. He silently begged her to take all of him in her mouth. As his legs started to shake, he found himself mimicking her position from earlier—hands braced against the tiles, legs spread.

Sarah felt him shaking, and could almost hear him begging her to just deep throat him already. But she was having too much fun. After such a shattering orgasm, she could afford to take her time. She loved the taste and texture of him on her tongue--thick, rich and salty--and the precome continued to flow out of him, coating his head and her lips. She looked playfully up at him again; his nostrils flared, his chest heaving, his blue eyes blazing. He thrust his cock towards her, pressing it against her cheek and lips. As she drew back slightly, a thread of moisture stretched between his pulsing head and her lips. When it broke, so did some of her control. 

She leaned forward again, and wrapped her lips around his hard, satiny glans. She raised a hand, and placed the bent knuckles of her first and middle finger on either side of the underside of his cock. She dragged them lightly up, then slid her fingertips along him on the downstroke. Sarah repeated the motion, up and down, up and down his shaft as she sucked harder, more insistently on the tip of his penis. He was so hard, so smooth under her seeking mouth. She still worked her tongue into his slit and around the edge where the head met the shaft. 

The walls that had so recently echoed with sharp, feminine cries now resonated with low male groans. His hips flexed as he tried to work himself deeper into her hot sucking mouth. She pulled her fingers away from his cock and then braced both hands on his hard thighs. The dark hair rasped under her palms as she slid her hands over his legs, moved them up and around to grip his muscular ass. Her nails nipped playfully into his skin, and then one teasing finger traveled from the top of his crack, tickled over his taint. She cupped his tightening balls, flicked her thumb back and forth, up and down over the velvety skin. He wrenched a hand away from the wall and fisted it lightly in her hair, the wet strands silky and seductive against his fingers. He drew her head closer to him, and this time she didn't resist.

Sarah pulled herself forward, pressed her tits against his legs, teased her nipples by rasping them against his hair. She opened her mouth and slid her lips down his hard, thick shaft. He was big, but she'd always enjoyed a challenge. She could feel the blood beating in his cock underneath her lips and tongue. She sucked and tugged and licked as his salty liquid poured down her throat. She relaxed slightly, and felt the head of his cock push against the opening of her throat. She took two deep breaths through her nostrils and pressed down harder.

Mark, lost in an erotic haze, watched as this woman he'd never spoken a word to devoured his cock. Her hot, sucking mouth enveloped him, and the muscles of her throat worked around his head. She pulled back a little, and began sliding her lips and sucking more rhythmically. His balls tightened and he knew it was only a matter of moments before he came. He could see her swallowing his come, it coating her lips and cheeks. But he stopped himself. It took every ounce of will he had, but he pulled back, out of the seductive, demanding heat of her mouth. 

She stared up at him, shocked, as his cock bobbed between them.

"Inside," he managed to rasp out. "I want to be inside you when I come."

Sarah nodded, stunned. Her pussy had developed that aching, empty feeling, and her vaginal walls clenched at the thought of his cock driving deep into her again. She rose, grabbed his hand and dragged him to her adjoining bedroom.

Mark focused on her ass as she led him toward her bed. He wanted to take her every way. From behind, against a wall, her riding him. But now, for this time, he wanted her spread out and open underneath him. 

"On your back," he urged.

Sarah complied immediately. She leaned back on the bed, her knees bent and thighs spread wide.

"So wet. I've never seen a woman get so wet," he murmured in his throaty voice. And sure enough, she could feel arousal dripping thickly out of her once again. It rained onto her lips and coated her ass. He took a few deep breaths as he stared at her beckoning cunt, trying to master himself. A couple of strokes had worked on her last time, but she'd already worked herself into a near frenzy. He settled between her legs and grasped his cock. He rubbed the head up and down over her exposed clit. Her reaction was immediate as she gasped and shuddered, bucking against him. Wet. They were both so wet. He didn't wait any longer. Wrapping his arms around her thighs, he drove himself into her. Deep. Hard. She let out a mewling cry.

Sarah had never been much for talking during sex, but she couldn't stop the words now. "Yes, yes. Fill me up. Fill me with your cock and your come." 

He surged in and out of her, the walls of her pussy gripping him like a fist. Sarah loved every thrust. His head stretching her entry to the point of pleasurable pain, her muscles clamping and undulating against the rock-hard shaft. Her world was reduced to the demanding, powerful glide between her legs.

Mark stared down at her, watched his dick sliding slick and hot and hard in and out of her pussy, her beautiful tits bouncing with each thrust. She tossed her head from side to side and she urged him on. He caught the words faster, harder and more in between gasps and moans. He spread her knees wider and leaned down to take a nipple into his mouth. He pulled at one lightly with his teeth, then the other, imagining they were still covered in their mingled juices. Hands that had been fisted into the sheets grabbed at his shoulders, nails digging into his skin. 

Her nails scraped along his shoulders as he pulled back again, placed his thumb in her sopping pussy and rubbed her clit in tight, hard circles as he pounded into her tight heat. She locked her calves around his waist, pushing greedily to meet each thrust, her hips bucking, her breasts moving in time with each powerful stroke. His balls bumped against her ass as he fully buried himself to the hilt, his shaft glistened with their mixed fluids. They could both hear the sounds of their damp flesh slapping together, their ragged breathing, the bed squeaking under the assault of their animalistic fucking. 

"Now. I'm gonna come, I'm gonna come. Oh, God, I'm gonna come." Her voice came out high and breathless, and she threw her head back as the spasms started deep in her pussy. Her eyes were open, but fixed and unseeing as her orgasm consumed her. Her pussy clamped around his cock; he watched her muscles contract, the deep ruby flesh clenching around the shaft he slid in and out of her.

And that was it for Mark. His balls tightened and his head swelled. With one triumphant shout, he surged deep into her grasping cunt one last time as come surged up his shaft and shot out of him. She felt thick ropes of jizz spurting hot inside of her, and she raised her hips up a few more times to urge on his climax as her body shuddered in the aftermath of her own. 

Limp, she collapsed against the mattress as he fell heavy on top of her, cock still slightly twitching inside her drenched pussy, spent and fully sated. His uneven breathing rasped in her ear, and over it, she could hear water splashing from the bathroom where she'd forgotten to turn off the shower.