 Travis arrives at his apartment after a long day of work. The drive was snowy, and therefore far longer and more stressful than usual. All he really wants is a hot shower, a cold beer, and to watch some TV.

The 21 year old man uses his key and unlocks his door. He strolls in, and goes to the fridge for that beer he's been longing for. He grabs the Sam Adams, and with a sigh of relief, takes his first gulp. "Finally", he thinks, "Home sweet home."

As he relaxes, his senses begin to function once more and he notices that that water is running. "SHIT! Broken pipe AGAIN!"

Travis walks around the apartment, carefully listening for where the running water he hears rushing through the pipes is exiting. He starts in the living room, and notices a pair of pants on the couch. He notes this as odd, but seeing as how his girlfriend frequents his apartment, he really didn't think too much of it.

He goes to the bedroom, and see a bra and a pair of panties. Still, no water damage.

Finally, he checks the bathroom. To a normal person on a normal day, that would be the obvious place to start the search, but Travis is no normal person to begin with, and especially not all that keen to normal thinking after a long day of work and long drive home as he had today. Finally, he notices the steam and hears the shower going. And finally, his other head kicks in.

"Pants, bra, panties, have girlfriend, shower on" His penis instantly hardens. So today may not be such a loss after all!

Travis strips down, first removing his shirt, revealing his reasonably well built chest. He may not be a weight lifter, but there's no pot belly here either! He takes off his pants, and within seconds, he's totally nude. His cock points him in the direction of the shower.

He opens the curtain, and there, all wet, soaped up, masturbating with the shower head, is his beautiful girlfriend. Her size D tits are glistening, her nipples erect from extreme horniness. Her fingers are holding her pussy lift apart, and the other hand tightly grips the removable shower head, directing the water deep inside her. She moans loudly, and doesn't even notice her boyfriend standing there.

After a minute or more of just standing there, his jaw dropped to his knees, Travis says, "Honey, I'm home"

His darling, sexy Amber just slowly turns her head, and looks at him, which deep desire in her dark brown eyes, and says, "Then fuck me!"

She drops the shower head, and pulls him into the shower quickly and forcefully. She jumps up, and before he has a chance to breathe, Travis's hard member is deep inside her pussy. She wraps her legs around him, and humps him violently. She screams and moans, "YES YES!"

He can feel her pussy grabbing at him, pulsing around his cock, trying to suck the semen right out of him. The feeling is incredible for both lovers as they violently fuck the consciousness out of each other. Travis begins moaning and grunting quite loudly as well, and he grabs her ass and just enjoys the feeling of it in his hands. He looks down to see her tits bouncing, still soapy, her body glistening with sweat and water. He continues to ram deep into her, and she moans louder and louder, "MAKE ME CUM! FUCK ME!"

Amber, unlike Travis, has no real thoughts at all at this point. She's completely engulfed in the feeling of her full pussy, and the rest of the world really doesn't exist. She wants nothing but to cum, right here, right now. She can feel her vagina spasming, and knows the moment is close at hand. Travis notes this too, as her vagina grabs him more tightly, and her rhythm breaks down. He pulls her harder, and maintains rhythm more forcefully. He can feel the cum rising from his balls into his shaft. His moment is close at hand as well!

The lovers scream loudly, the neighbors surely know it's playtime at Travis's now! Amber can no longer stand on her own, or do much of anything on her own; her lover must do everything, as she is helpless under the erotic feelings inside her. She no longer speak intelligible words. She just barely mouths "cum" every few minutes.

Finally, Amber explodes in orgasm, and with a yell that would wake the dead, her pussy begins the orgasm, sending waves of pleasure throughout her body, from the tops of her erect nipples, to the top of her head, to the bottom of her feet.

The feeling of his cumming lover is too much for him, and Travis's cock can hold no longer. It jerks around inside her box, and shoot his hot cum all inside of her. For what seems like hours, his cum drenches her pussy, and she screams and shakes with pleasure. The water cascades over her tits, and down her pussy, the whole time.

The lovers collapses after their orgasms are finally over, into each other's arms, on the shower floor. "Welcome home, honey," Amber whispers into his ear.

"How was your day?" she continues.

"Couldn't have gone better" he replies.