 Cathleen and I had been having an affair for over four years. Our biggest claim to fame was that no one else knew and we wanted to keep it that way. She was a fantastic lover as she loved to suck my cock and swallow my seed. Best of all was that she loved anal sex and that she loved feeling me cum in her ass. She was my administrative assistant and the majority of sex took place in my office. We also had sex in select hotel rooms and our favorite romantic interlude. Every so often it would be in my car with her riding my cock or sucking it but we had never had anal in the car until that one evening.

We had stopped for a few drinks after work and later sat in my car. Normally she would suck my cock and I would eat her pussy. She always got hot sucking cock and I would need to satisfy her afterward. This one evening we had worked late and after getting something to eat and a couple of beers, we sat in my car. Normally she wore dresses or skirts to work but this day she was in a pants suit outfit. 

I had lowered my pants and boxers to my knees and she was sucking my cock. When she wore skirts, she would remove her panties, lift up her skirt and ride my cock. I was pleased when she pushed her slacks down and began rubbing her pussy. I fondled her naked ass and toyed with her nether hole. I loved rubbing and fondling her buttocks. She had a very desirable ass. Using her natural juices, I began to probe her anus. She lifted her head off my cock and whispered.

"You like my ass, don't you?"

"I love your ass, you know that."

"I wish you could fuck me in the ass tonight."

"Do you have cream in your purse?"

"Yes, I have hand lotion."

"That will do, get it for me."

She fetched the lotion from her purse and handed it to me. I reclined the passenger seat that we were seated in and turned her away from me. Using the hand lotion and saliva, I lubricated her passage and my throbbing cock. Slithering up close to her, I eased my stiff dick into her ass. I had been there many times before but never when we were in my car. It was incredibly erotic to be fucking her super fine ass in my car. 

It was very different from when we had anal sex in hotel rooms. There she was always on all fours and I watched my cock drive in and out of her shapely bottom. In the car there was no watching. It was just the sensation of being in her bottom feeling her firm buttocks against me. Her sphincter gripped my rod as always. It was an incredible turn-on for both of us.

I reached for her pussy but found her hand already in place. I covered her hand with mine as she fingered her pussy. It was tight quarters but we moved as if we had plenty of room. We were both partially clothed, naked from our waists to our knees and it added to the eroticism of the act. When we had anal sex, I always came in her ass and I saw no reason to deviate from that in the car. I felt the surge and I shot a good size load into her bottom. She climaxed as my seed entered her and her body shook as she announced she was cumming.

"Oh wow! That was really hot. This is my first time doing anal in a car. Is it yours too?

"First time in the passenger seat. My only other time was about ten years ago but we did it in the back seat."

"Were you still dressed?"

"Yes, I had my pants and underwear down to my knees and this girl Charlotte took off her panties and I draped her dress over her back. She was kneeling on the back seat with her head down."

"Did you cum in her ass?"

"Always, she loved it like you do. In fact, she preferred anal sex to vaginal sex. She didn't suck cock but she loved it in the ass. We hooked up six times in the course of a year but only twice in the car."

"The next time, I want to do it in the back seat. That sounds hot too."

We had remained still until my cock softened and slipped from her bottom. I used the paper napkins in my car to wipe my dick and her anus. She used several napkins to blot my load as it seeped from her bottom. Once we had wiped ourselves clean, we pulled our clothes back into place. I turned on my car and let the defroster clear the windows as I walked her to her car. She smiled and kissed me on the cheek before getting in her car and drove off. I returned to my car and waited until the windows were completely clear and then drove home. 

INTRODUCTION

I was 40-years-old and Cathleen was 36 at the time. We were both into physical fitness and kept our bodies well-toned. I stopped at the gym every morning on the way to work and exercised for an hour and a half. She did aerobics three times a week. Looking at Cathleen, one would not guess that she was the type with whom I would be having an affair.

She was 5'5" and weighed a fit 130 pounds. All though not the prettiest of women, she had an alluring appearance. She was nearly flat chested but had shapely toned legs and an ass that you could crack an egg on. Her hair was strawberry blonde and she kept it cut short. I also loved her flat firm belly and she had no body fat. I was 6'1" and weighed 190 pounds. In addition to working out each morning, I was an avid downhill skier, tennis player and SCUBA diver.

Our affair began with one of her signature blow jobs. About six months after starting my job as a VP with the company, we worked late one evening. She had asked if we could go through the old files and toss what we didn't need anymore as file space was getting tight. It was a project and we filled two bins with old files. When we were done, she came into my office, closed and locked the door. I was surprised when she did that but shocked at her next move. She dropped to her knees, unbuckled my belt, unzipped my fly, opened my pants and pushed them and my boxers down my legs. I questioned her.

"Are you sure about this?"

"I have wanted to do this for some time now."

She took my cock in her hand and stroked it a couple of times. I got hard quickly and she ran her tongue up and down the shaft. I flipped my tie over my shoulder and rolled up my dress shirt a few inches. Standing there with my pants and boxers down around my ankles, I watched her work on my cock. She proved to be a very accomplished cock sucker and it was apparent she was into it. She stopped sucking it for a few seconds and spoke softly.

"You have a big cock."

"It's not that big."

"It's bigger than my husband's and it is the biggest I ever had."

I was a little worried when she said that and concerned that she may be sleeping around. I learned later that she was referring to cocks she had before she was married. When she returned to sucking my dick, she swirled her tongue around the shaft. She had a technique of nibbling on the spongy mushroom head that drove me wild. It didn't take long before I was ready to shoot and I warned her that I was about to cum.

"Cathleen, I'm really close."

She never missed a beat and I knew she was going to let me cum in her mouth. My toes curled and tingles ran through me as I ejaculated. She swallowed rapidly and sucked every drop from my shaft. Using her hand, she squeezed any remaining semen out and licked it up. She stood up, smiled and asked in a sex tone.

"Do you like to eat pussy?"

"Yes, I do."

"Good, will you eat mine. I get so hot sucking cock."

"Certainly."

She lifted her skirt and removed her panties. Her legs looked great in the thigh high hoes with elastic tops. She sat in one of the side chairs and spread her legs. Her pubic hair was trimmed short and it was confirmation that she was a natural strawberry blonde. He pussy looked good and I dropped to my knees in front of her. Lifting her legs, I placed them on my shoulders and covered her vulva with my mouth.

Flicking my tongue over her clit, I got her juices flowing and she climaxed within minutes. She covered her mouth with the crook of her elbow to stifle her cries of pleasure. I would learn later that she was always vocal when she orgasmed. At least she had the good sense to muffle her outburst in a public place. I licked her juices up and then moved her legs off my shoulders.

"That was wonderful, you sure know how to eat pussy."

"I'm glad I made you happy."

"I think we are going to keep each other happy."

We straightened ourselves up and redressed. That was the start of our affair. From that night on, we would have sex in the office, my car, hotel rooms and her favorite a romantic interlude. 

MY FIRST VISIT TO A ROMANTIC INTERLUDE

There were a number of interludes in the area and the most popular ones were part of a chain. They were also expensive and reservations had to be made in advance. Cathleen told me that another woman she knew used a lesser known interlude. We decided to give it a try. It was called Le Chateau. I had been to Chateaus in France and this place was nothing like that.

The rooms were clean and nicely appointed. About half the rooms had Jacuzzis and Cathleen wanted one of those. It was not difficult to get reservations and a few times it was a last-minute decision for us. Our first visit was a feeling out one although we had great sex, that's why we were there. I brought along a bottle of wine to have in the room.

There was one secluded parking spot naked to each room and then more parking behind a fence so that cars could not be seen from the road. Cathleen parked in the secluded spot. Once in the room, we undressed and took showers together. The Jacuzzi tub was being filled as we showered. Cathleen douched both her pussy and her ass in the shower and it was kind of a turn-on to see her do that. She had added bath oil beads to the Jacuzzi so the water was a bit oily. 

I sat on a ledge and she sat in front of me. I fondled her body and my cock stiffened and pressed into her back. She moved over the side and leaned over, emphasizing the lovely shape of her ass. It glistened with the oily water and looked so sensual. Looking at her lovely bottom. I had the urge to kiss it. I moved behind her and planted kisses on her buttocks. She wiggled her ass in response and then I took it a step further. Knowing that her anus was clean, I ran my tongue along it and rimmed her rubbery ring. She went wild.

"Oh my God! Do it some more. It feels so good, so naughty."

With her oil slicked ass in the air, I ran my tongue from her anus to her pussy. I would flick her clit a few times and then return to the taut rubbery ring. Her buns looked gorgeous and sexy, slick with the oily water. I pried them apart and dipped my tongue in further. She cried out in passion. I worked back and forth until I sensed she was close to an orgasm and then I focused on her pussy. What a climax it was as her entire body shook and quaked. Her head dipped down and rested on her hands as the intense orgasm overtook her.

I moved back to my seat in the jacuzzi and pulled her with me. She relaxed in my arms as I caressed her tiny breasts. She knew that I needed to cum and she wanted me to do that in her ass. We exited the jacuzzi, dried off and lay down in the bed. For several moments, I stroked and caressed her body and then I was ready to put my dick in her bottom. She was also ready to receive it. 

I got the lube out as she got on her knees. Her arms were folded on the bed with her head resting on them. In that position with her ass raised in the air, it was irresistible. Appling plenty of lube to her bottom, I caressed her buttocks and fingered her anus. I eased my middle finger into her rectum and moved it in and out several times. I was bale to add a second finger and soon had them both moving in and out easily. 

Finger fucking her ass was wonderful foreplay but my dick was throbbing and I was anxious to put it in her ass. I knelt behind her and placed the soft mushroom head against the rubbery ring. She reached back and holding my shaft at the base, she guided it into her ass. The sight of my cock entering her bottom was incredible. She moved her hips into a position to make the entry easier. Once she was lined up, she released her grip and I slowly pushed the remainder into her warm chute.

I held to her curvy buttocks as I slowly fucked her marvelous ass. For me, fucking a lovely shapely ass is the most erotic sight ever. I pushed all the way in and then withdrew just leaving the head in her. Caressing her scrumptious cheeks, I was in no hurry to cum. The longer I could last the more I like it. She was getting hot again and I saw her play with her pussy and rub her clit.

As much as I wanted to prolong my release, the eroticism of the moment took over and I felt my balls sac tighten. I pushed my cock in all the way and ejaculated into her rectum. Instinctively her sphincter responded and it grabbed and released my shaft several times. I stayed in her for a short while caressing the lovely bottom. Then I eased out and rocked back on my heels. I continue to fondle the curvy cheeks and watched as my seed oozed out of her anus. 

"Oh my, I'm so hot. Eat my pussy, please eat my pussy."

She called out with her voice cracking a bit as she rolled to her back. I dove between her legs and fastened my mouth on her. I slipped two fingers into her and quickly located her g-spot. With me rubbing that sensitive flesh and nibbling on her clit, she went wild. Within minutes, her body was quaking and she was humping my face. The orgasm rocked her and her lower body lifted off the bed. She grabbed my head and held it to her as the love juices coated my tongue. The she cried out and collapsed on the bed, her chest heaving with deep breaths.

I moved up alongside of her and she rolled to her side into a spoon position. Putting my arms around her, I held her tenderly as we both recuperated. My cock stiffened again pressed against her curvy buttocks. We would rest a few more minutes and then she sat on me and rode my cock until she came again. Moving her back to the spoon position, I entered her ass again and fucked her slowly until I came a second time. 

We were done and after resting for a few minutes, we showered and got dressed. It had been great sex and I was pleased with our first trip to the interlude. I knew that it would not be our last.

SEX IN THE OFFICE

We went to the interlude once a week but we still had sex in my car and the office. I had picked up a door brace at the hardware store and it was perfect to secure my office door. I always locked the door but with the brace in place, it was impossible to budge the door. Having that security made sex in the office that much more relaxing and enjoyable.

At first it was just oral sex, she would suck my cock first and swallow my load. That always got her hot and I would eat her pussy. As we got more comfortable with the oral sex, we added intercourse. Instead of my cumming in her mouth, she would ride my cock until she came. Sometimes I came in her pussy but if not, she would suck me after her orgasm until I came. 

I added supplies to my office desk and we called it the sex drawer. It contained paper towels and moisture wipes. Once we started with anal sex in the office, I put the lube in there as well. Having anal sex in the office was the hottest of all acts. Normally Cathleen dressed conservatively and professionally wearing longer full-length skirts and dresses. On one Saturday morning, when I was working on a report, she stopped by to see if I needed anything. It was a hot day and she was wearing a sleeveless blouse and a short-pleated skirt. The skirt was not tight so it didn't hug her ass but I knew the treasure that was under it. She wasn't wearing hose but her tanned legs looked great. I felt my cock stir just from looking at her.

"So, what brought you by the office today?" I asked.

"I knew you were working on the report and decided to see if you needed me to do anything. Jerry didn't come home last night and I decided to get out of the house."

"Pulled an all-nighter, huh?"

"That asshole. He was out drinking with his friends and they probably ended up doing coke again. That's happening too much these days."

"I was just going to take a break and refresh my coffee."

"I'll do that for you."

She grabbed the cup off my desk and went to the break room where the coffee was located. I had made a pot when I got there but no one else was in the building. She returned to my office, placed the coffee on my desk and stood next to me. Looking down at my report, she was within an arm's length. I reached for her leg and touched the back of her knee. She turned her head and smiled at me. I let my hand slide slowly up the back of her leg, under her skirt and gently squeezed her buttock.

Cathleen moved away from me to close and lock my office door. She also put the brace in place and then returned to where she had been standing. I resumed stroking her leg and fondling her bottom. She was getting very hot and I had a boner. Placing her hands on my desk she leaned over slightly and I put both hands under her skirt. Then I peeled her panties down to her knees, flipped up her skirt over her back and massaged her scrumptious ass.

"Want to do something different today? Want to put in my ass?"

Do you have any lotion with you?"

"In my purse." 

Leaving her leaning over my desk with her marvelous ass on display, I retrieved her purse and placed it on the desk. She quickly took the tube of lotion out and handed it to me. 

"I douched my ass when I showered this morning, just in case this might happen."

"So, you were planning this all along?"

"More wishful thinking, I'm glad you're in the mood."

"I'm always in the mood for your lovely ass."

I rubbed the lotion in the crack of her bottom and thoroughly lubricated her anus. I stood up and dropped my pants and underwear to the floor. I took off my polo shirt and moved my rigid cock to her ass. I eased it in as always and she emitted a soft moan as it filled her nether hole. It was always a fantastic sight to see my thick cock in her ass but it was even more erotic being in the office with her skirt draped over her back and her panties around her knees. 

"Don't cum in me this time. Pull out and cum on my ass."

We had never done that before but it was kind of a turn-on. I fucked her slowly watching my cock slide in and out between those lovely hillocks. I felt my release building and when it seemed imminent, I pulled out and stroked my dick shooting my seed onto her buttocks. As soon as I finished cumming, I retrieved the paper towels and wiped the semen from her buns. I also wiped off my dick. She took a moist wipe from the drawer and used it to cleanse her bottom. 

"I need to cum now, eat my pussy."

She slipped her panties all the way off and sat in one of my side chairs. I dropped to my knees and as she usually did, she placed her legs on my shoulders. My mouth found her pussy and my tongue danced over her clit. It didn't take long for her to cum and she drenched my face. I licked her dry and then I stood up. I felt a little foolish with my pants and underwear around my ankles. We both redressed and then she prepared to leave.

"I hope you were okay cumming on my ass."

"I was, actually it was pretty hot."

"Good, I just didn't feel like leaving the office with a load of cum in my ass."

"I understand."

"Need anything else?"

"No, thanks for stopping by," I answered with a laugh. "I'll finish this up and then I'm out of here."

She left me to finish the report and I stayed for another hour. My live-in girlfriend Trudy and I were going to a movie and dinner later. It was our first time for anal sex in my office but we would have it many more times over the next two years of our affair. There was something exciting about being partially clothed and fucking a shapely ass from behind.

MEMORABLE ENCOUNTERS OF THE AFFAIR

Over the four years all of the sex had been great but a few special encounters were most memorable. One night we met for a drink after her aerobic class. She remained dressed in her exercise attire and I was still in my business suit. I wasn't expecting to have sex that evening but she was mischievous and anxious to do anal in my car again. She was wearing leggings with a floral design that were skin tight.
