 "Chris, that was the sexiest thing I've ever seen," Tracy sighed, as she continued to rub her hands through the puddles of cum Chris had just created all over her. She reached a cum-drenched hand up and slid her fingers slowly into her mouth, closing her eyes as she savored his taste. "And you taste great!" she said. She looked down. "I can not believe you're still hard. You've got the biggest, most amazing cock I've ever seen," she exclaimed as she reached down and took hold of his massive member again. 

Chris moaned and leaned back into the couch, enjoying this attention and growing more bold as he became more accustomed to this kind of attention. Tracy continued to stroke his cock. Then she looked down at herself. "My shorts are soaked." She said. Without hesitation, she undid her shorts and pulled them off, pulling her panties down with them, until she was totally bare. Chris sat back up, staring at his first pussy. It was beautiful. He reached out and let his hand settle on her very hot, very wet mound. Tracy immediately closed her eyes and moaned. 

"Chris, I want to try something. Lay down," she said. Chris obliged, lying straight out on the couch. Tracy turned and put a knee on either side of his head. He looked up at the most incredible sight he had yet seen – her hot cunt. Then he felt something even more incredible. He looked down between their bodies to see Tracy's wide open mouth envelope his swollen cockhead. He almost came right then. He felt her tongue swirl around his shaft and then her mouth began to lower, taking his cock, inch by inch, into her mouth. This was the last Chris saw, as Tracy simultaneously lowered her hot snatch onto his waiting face. Chris, had never gotten this close to pussy before, but his instincts took over. His tongue began giving Tracy's pussy the attention she obviously craved, as she heard her moan heavily around his cock, and felt her mouth salivate around his meat.

Tracy began grinding her pussy over Chris's mouth as his tongue attacked her swollen clit. She was moaning louder and louder, and finally raised her head off of his cock. "OHHHHHH, YEAH!!" she squealed. "Eat me Chris! Lick my hot pussy!" Chris did not have to be told twice. He increased the intensity with which he sucked her clit. "Oh, god, Chris, I'm gonna cum! I'm gonna, I'm gonna, OHHHHHHHHHHHH!!" Tracy screamed as she writhed above him, grinding her pussy on his face and covering his face with her copious pussy juices. He did his best to suck down her sweet juices, loving the taste. As she calmed down, she began sucking his dick in earnest. Her head was flying up and down his cock, taking almost ¾ of him into her mouth with each downstroke. Chris loved the slurping sounds her wet mouth made around his meat. 

All of this attention was more than Chris could bare. He bucked his hips up, shoving his huge cock into Tracy's mouth. "Oh, yeah. Oh, boy. Here it …." Chris felt the first surge fly up his shaft and into Tracy's mouth. Then he felt his balls fully release. Shot after shot of hot cum filled Tracy's mouth faster than she could swallow, which she was trying to do with great effort. She was moaning with each shot of cum. Tracy pressed her cunt back onto Chris's face and he felt her spasm into another orgasm. Chris continued to shoot his load, and large amounts of thick, white cum were now streaming out of Tracy's mouth, down his shaft and onto his balls. Finally, his orgasm subsided. Tracy lifted her head off of his cock and began ferverently licking his cock and balls clean of his cum. Chris could not believe how good his first blow-job had felt, and he couldn't wait for more. He did not have to wait long, as Tracy, amazed that he was still hard, resumed her oral attention to his cock.

After depositing two more loads into Tracy's waiting mouth, Chris had finally stumbled home. He could not believe his luck. But he felt somehow empowered at having found how much enjoyment girls could get from his cock. The next day at school, he walked with a lighter step. Something else was different, though. Girls seemed to be looking at him with new attention, and more than one had made more than obvious glances at his crotch. Had Tracy said something. Before third period, Chris felt a hand grab his arm. He turned. "Come in here," Tracy said, and led him into a nearby storage closet. She shut the door, and kissed him hard. She pulled away and dropped straight down to her knees. As she worked furiously on Chris's belt, button, and zipper, she looked up, "I've been dreaming about your cock all night and all day. It's all I can think about. I need it, Chris. I need your cum." 

With that, she engulfed his cock into her hot mouth, moaning and sucking for all she was worth. Chris couldn't believe it. He leaned back against the wall. He watched as his rock hard cock disappeared into Tracy's hot mouth. Her tongue was doing fast circles all around his shaft. She released his cock from her mouth and stroked it furiously. "Shoot it down my throat, Chris. Please. I'll take it all, I promise." With that, she slowly took his entire cock into her mouth. Chris moaned loudly as he felt his cock slide past the entrance to her throat, and then down it. She swallowed hard around it. This was too much. Chris put his hand on the back of her head and pressed her nose into his crotch as he unleashed one of the biggest loads he had ever felt shoot form his cock. Tracy didn't miss a beat, opening her throat and letting him shoot his load straight down it. As promised she took every drop of the enormous load Chris emptied into her mouth. She sat back with a look of pure satisfaction on her face. His look equaled it.

Tracy smiled as she started to get up. "I hope you don't mind, Chris, but I just had to tell a couple of my girlfriends about you. I just couldn't keep from telling. It's the most amazing thing we've ever heard of. I told you I had a crush on you, and I do. But now it is almost pure lust. I crave your cum. Anytime you want me to, just ask and I'll blow you. Anytime. But I know we aren't going to start dating, so don't feel weird about that. I don't want you all to myself, as long as I can have some of your cum every now and then," she said. Chris couldn't believe his ears. Was this girl real? And was he really that good?

They walked out of the closet and went to class. After school, as Chris was walking to his car, he heard someone yell his name. He turned and saw Melissa half jogging toward him. He watched as one of the hotter girls in school came toward him. Her large breasts bounced in her light pink sweater, and her short plaid skirt breezed around her. She got up to him and put a hand on her chest. "Listen, Chris, I was supposed to get a ride home with Bridgett, but she's got to stay to work on a paper. Do you think you could give me a ride home?" she asked with a slight pout to her full lips. Chris smiled, starting to figure out what was going on, and enjoying it. Melissa had never paid him much attention before, and now she was cooing all over him. "Sure," he said. "Hop in."

As Chris drove Melissa home, she shifted in her seat and leaned toward him, giving him a perfect view down her v-neck sweater at her deep cleavage and showing off a lot of leg. She reached over and began sliding her hand up and down Chris's thigh, getting higher and higher. Chris was rock hard now. Melissa's hand finally slid up and over his cock. He heard her take in her breath. "It's true," she whispered to herself. "What?" Chris asked looking over. But Melissa seemed to be in a trance, staring at the bulge in his pants and squeezing it with more attention. She seemed to have given up all pretenses of flirting and was now giving his cock her full attention. 

"Chris," she moaned, "Pull into Pernell Park." Pernell Park was a new subdivision they were building near school. Progress was moving slowly and there were a number of unfinished houses, and no one lived there. As a result, it had become a popular hangout for kids to come and drink – among other things. Chris pulled in and found an empty cul de sac and parked.

He had barely turned off the engine when Melissa hopped out of the car and jumped back into the back seat. Chris turned to look back at her, and she lifted her sweater over her head. Her large tits (Chris figured 36Ds) were squeezed into a pink lace bra. He stared as she reached behind her and undid the clasp, releasing her huge mounds. She put her hand up and curled her finger at him, motioning for him to come back there. He did not even get out of the car – simply jumped over the seat. He had barely gotten onto the back seat when Melissa reached for his belt and began undoing his pants. She yanked his pants down and just stared at the hard, swollen cock staring back at her. 

"Wow. It's beautiful." she said. Without further hesitation, she leaned down and took his dick into her mouth. Melissa's full lips felt incredible, smooth and satiny against the tight skin of his cock. Chris leaned back and closed his eyes feeling Melissa's mouth slide smoothly up and down his cock. She knew what she was doing, reaching down and fondling his huge balls as her tongue played with the slit on his swelling cockhead. She increased her speed. This was getting good, Chris thought. 

Suddenly, Melissa pulled off his cock and leaned in closer. "Do you have a big load for me Chris? Do you?" she purred. "Yeah. I think I've got a good one. And it's not too far away," Chris managed to breath out. 

"Oh good. Shoot it on my tits, Chris. Shoot your big load all over my big titties. Please! Cover my titties, Chris," Melissa whispered/spoke into his ear. She continued to stroke his slick cock up and down and now her huge tits hung down over his cock, brushing his shaft as her body shook with the rhythm of her hand. This was all too much. Chris leaned back, "OH YEAH!!" he shouted. The first rope of cum covered her cleavage and then he unleashed what seemed like a gallon of cum all over her tits. Her nipples and both of her huge globes became completely covered in his white cum-bath. "OHHHHHHHH!! CHRIS, I'M .. . ." Melissa screamed as her whole body began to shake. She let go of his cock and squeezed her tits, rubbing his cum all over them. She seemed to be in another world as she just lay there and rubbed his cum into her tits.

Chris just smiled. This was going to be a good year.