 After making Chris promise to share his gifts with her in the near future, Ms. Hart managed to stagger home, completely satisfied. Chris crashed back on the couch. After about an hour power nap, the phone rang.

"Hello?"

"Chris?"

"Yeah."

"Hey, Chris. This is Cindy Marks. How are you? I didn't catch you at a bad time, did I?"

Chris's stomach dropped. Mrs. Marks was Casey's mom. The fact that she was calling Chris for the first time ever the day after he blew an enormous load all over her virgin daughter's face was not good. Play it cool, Chris, play it cool, he told himself. "Uh, no. No. I was just watching TV."

"Oh, good. Listen, Chris, I know this is totally out of the blue, but I would like to talk to you. I was wondering if you could come over here for a little bit."

Chris was starting to sweat. "Now?"

"If you could. Is that a problem?"

"Uh... No. No, I'll be over there in about a half hour."

"Great. Thanks, Chris. I'll see you then."

Chris hung up and just stared at the floor. His confidence had been on the rise, along with his member, but now he realized he was way out of his league. He did not have the experience to be able to deal with all of this. How was he going to explain his actions to Mrs. Marks? He went into his room to get dressed and looked in the mirror. Time to face the music, he said. 

The Marks lived in Chris's neighborhood and he decided to walk over there, giving him a chance to walk off some of his nervous energy and collect his thoughts. He walked up to the Marks large home and knocked on the door. If Chris was having trouble catching his breath before he got over there, the sight in front of him didn't help any. standing in the open door was Mrs. Marks, wearing a pair of red heels, a red silk half-robe which stopped just below her ass and hung open, to reveal a read silk teddy. The teddy was bulging from the most incredible tits Chris had ever seen. They were enormous. The teddy could not contain them, and the tops swelled over the lace at the top of the garment. Her hard nipples clearly poked through the thin material. They pushed the teddy out and up, so that it barely covered her pussy. Her tanned, toned legs were smooth and bare. She was probably 5'4" and 120 lbs., almost all of that in her tits. Chris found himself staring at her breasts when he heard her say, "Uh, Chris. I said you could come on in."

"Oh, thanks." He came in and she shut the door.

"Come on in. Can I get you something to drink?" She said over her shoulder as she walked into the house. Chris stared at her tiny ass swaying back and forth under the thin material. He followed her into the kitchen. She opened the refrigerator and leaned down to grab two beers from the bottom of the fridge, bending at the waist. Chris's jaw dropped as he watched her robe and teddy rise, uncovering a completely bare ass. As she leaned down, Chris could swear he could see a peek of her pussy. She turned and handed him a beer. "Let's go in the den," she said.

They went into the den and Chris sat down on the couch. Mrs. Marks climbed onto the couch next to him on his left, curling her legs up under her, letting the material rise up and show off her impressive legs. She put her beer on the coffee table and reached up and began running a hand through Chris's hair.

"Now Chris, I'll get right to the point of why I called you over here." Chris was trying his hardest to look straight ahead, because looking toward her meant staring straight at the amazing cleavage which was sitting right next to him. He could feel her right breast pressed against his arm. "You know my daughter Casey, right?"

Chris started gettting nervous again. "Uh, yeah. Yeah, I know who she is."

"Good. Well, Casey's birthday is tomorrow. She turns 18, and I have been having the hardest time trying to figure out what to get her. We share a lot, Chris, and this morning, Casey came in and told me a little of her experience last night. I don't know if you know this, Chris, but I have forbidden Casey from hanging out with boys. I wanted her to stay focused on her classwork. But she has done well, and I think it is time I became a little less strict, don't you?"

Chris could hardly concentrate on what she was saying. She was playing with he hair, running a finger around his ear, and her breasts... "Uh, sure," he managed to say.

"I want her first time to be with the right guy, though, Chris. I want it to be a memorable and enjoyable experience. After hearing her stories from last night, I thought I should get to know you. I wanted to see if maybe you would be the right guy for my little Casey. If so, I was thinking about making you my birthday present to her."

Chris could not believe his ears. This was too much. Over the top. He looked around. 

"Don't worry," Mrs. Marks said. "Casey's at her grandmother's right now, and her father is out of town, again." 

"Uh, Mrs. Marks, I..."

"Please, Chris. Call me Cindy."

"Uh. Ok. Cindy. I, I mean. What do you want to know?"

"What do I want to know? Well, Chris, first I want to know how you kiss," she said, and with that she turned his head toward her and kissed him with fervor. Their tongues dueled as Chris felt her other hand roam over his chest. Cindy finally pulled away. "Ummmm. That was good. You pass the first test. But there are some other things I need to check into," she said. With that she began taking Chris's shirt off. She rubbed her hands over his chest. He just stared down at her smooth, deep cleavage. "Do you like my breasts, Chris?" 

"Oh yes, Mrs. M..I mean, Cindy." Cindy laughed and brought Chris hand to her breast. He squeezed and fondled her breast through the thin material, feeling how full and firm they were. 

"Mmmm. Yes, that feels good. Would you like better access?"

"Sure," Chris said, starting to regain his confidence. He desperately wanted to see those incredible tits. Cindy sat up on the couch and removed her robe. Then she stood up and pulled her teddy up and over her head. She stood before him completely naked. Her pussy was neatly trimmed and glistening. Her enormous tits stood proudly on her chest. "Wow, Cindy. Those are incredible. You're beautiful. They... I mean. How big..." 

Cindy laughed. "38EE. Here get a better look," she said as she moved over and straddled Chris's lap, leaning forward and pressing Chris's face between her huge mounds. Chris sucked on her tits with abandon, licking and nibbling her hard nipples. Cindy moaned loudly, griding her mound against his waist and leaning her head back. Chris reached around and fondled her tight, smooth ass. He couldn't get enough of her tits. 

Finally, she pulled away from him. "There is something else I need to, um, verify, Chris," she said. She climbed off of him and sat next to him on the couch. "Stand up."

He got up and stood in front of her. She looked up at him with a smile and then began unbuckling his belt. He unbuttoned his jeans and unzipped his fly. She hooked her thumbs in the waistbands of his jeans and boxers and pulled them both down in one motion. His cock, which had grown to full proportions sprung up, almost hitting Cindy in the face.

"OH MY GOD!!" Cindy practically screamed. She sat there and just stared at Chris cock which stood hard and long, pointing straight at her. Chris smiled at the look of total lust on her face, a look he was starting to become accustomed to, and which he definitely appreciated. "She wasn't kidding. It's huge. And look at your balls. They're enormous," Cindy said, reaching out and cupping his ball sack, as though he were a specimen at a market. She looked up. "I've always wondered what guys felt when they saw my tits. Now I think I know. Chris, it's gorgeous," she said. "Oh. Oh, my..." 

In a quick move, Cindy moved to the edge of the couch, opened her mouth wide. and attacked Chris's cock with utter abandon, like a woman possessed. Her hands reached around his ass, and she pulled him deep into her mouth and down her throat. Chris groaned. He looked down and watched Cindy twist her head around his cock, rubbing her nose in his pubes, and her lips all around the base of his cock. He felt her throat massage his swollen cockhead and her tongue twirl around the underside of his dick. Then he watched in amazement as, with his cock still fully embedded in her mouth, she snaked her tongue out of her mouth between his cock and her lower lip and began licking his balls. He couldn't believe how sexy it was. He felt her saliva wash around his cock and trickle down his balls. He ran his fingers through her hair, then held her head in his hands and began pumping his cock in and out of her mouth. He would pull his cock out until just the head was in her mouth, looking down at his shaft glistening in her saliva and then slide his length back down her throat. Cindy moaned wildly, sucking hard. 

Cindy finally and reluctantly pulled away. "FUCK ME, CHRIS!!" she screamed. "Please fuck me with that incredible cock."

"Not just yet," Chris said, getting down on his knees between Cindy's legs. He put a hand under each of her knees and spread her legs up and out, giving him a clear view to her cunt, which was now sopping wet. He dove in, licking and sucking on her pussy lips before settling in on her swollen clit. 

"OH, YES!! YES!! EAT ME!! GOD, YES, THAT'S IT, THAT'S IT!! OH, FUCK, I'M CUMMMMMINGGGG!!" Cindy screamed. Chris held on for dear life as she began bucking wildly under him, shaking and quivering, moaning and screamining. Her pussy was pouring sweet juices into his mouth. Chris eagerly sucked her juices into his mouth. But he had waited long enough. 

Chris leaned up and, with his arms still under her legs, keeping them spread wide, causing her pussy to be stretched open, he positioned his cock in front of her quivering cunt and plunged in to the hilt in one powerful thrust. This sent Cindy into a new wave of orgasms.

"OOOOHHHHHHHHHH!! I'M CUMMING, I'M CUMMMMMMING!! YESS!! OH FUCK!! FUCK ME, CHRIS!! HARDER!! HARDER!!"

Chris was more than happy to oblige, as he began pounding his cock into her sopping pussy. Cindy clawed her nails into his powerful back and bucked her hips up to meet his powerful thrusts. Chris was fucking her wildly. She pushed him back and he pulled out and fell back onto the floor. She wasted no time in jumping off the couch, straddling his throbbing cock, which was pointing skyward, and plunging her hot cunt back down onto his shaft. She tossed her head back and moaned. Chris stared up at those enormous balloons heaving from her chest and reached up and began kneading them madly as they bounced around her chest. Cindy was bucking up and down his cock as if she were in a rodeo. She leaned down and smothered his face in her breasts, and Chris eagerly sucked at her nipples. Cindy was in the midst of what felt like a never ending orgasm, and each wave was more powerful than the last. 

Chris could not believe what was happening. He was fucking the brains out of Casey's mom! With the likelihood he would be doing the same to Casey before too long! He had something else to give Cindy, though, and he was nearing the time of delivery. He grabbed a hold of Cindy and turned them over so that he was on top. He pulled out and, straddling Cindy, moved up her body. 

Cindy quickly grapped his cock with both hands. "Oh, yeah. Are you ready to cum? Cum for me Chris!! Let me see that huge load I've heard about. Shoot it all over me!! Cum on my face, cum on these big titties!!" She placed his cock in her cleavage and then squeezed both of her huge tits around his swollen shaft, which was well lubed with her pussy juices. Chris leaned his head back and moaned at how incredible Cindy's soft, pillowy mounds felt squeezed around his cock. He began thrusting back and forth between them. He was close. He reached over to the sofa and pulled a cushion off and put it behind Cindy's head so that she was leaned up, facing his engorged cockhead each time it emerged from those enormous tits and aimed at her face. 

Chris moaned as he felt the first blast. He could feel it surge from his ball sack and race up his shaft before erupting from his cockhead with a thick squirt and landing directly across Cindy's lips. He began to fire shot after shot of his cum, showering Cindy's face, neck and tits. He just kept cumming, each blast as thick as the last. Cindy was in histeria. "OOOOHHHH!! HOLY... OH OH OH!! YEAH!! CUM ALL OVER ME!!" She grabbed his cock with both hands and pumped it vigorously as he finished unloading his enormous and seemingly endless supply of cum all over her. He looked down and smiled as she was covered in pools of his thick, warm, white semen. She was using his cock to spread it all over her face before taking him in her mouth and sucking the cum off of his cock. 

She did this a number of times before realizing that she was sucking on a rock hard cock – still. She pulled him from her mouth. "Oh my God!! Chris, this is the most amazing cock I have ever heard of. Because of her lack of experience, I thought Casey was just exagerating, but she didn't even do you justice. I've never seen so much cum in my life, and it tastes so good," she panted, trying hard to catch her breath. "You are definitely the one to be Casey's first. I'm just hoping she isn't spoiled for the rest of her life. I'm not sure she'll ever get any cock better. But before that, there is more business for us to take care of." 

Chris smiled as she climbed out from under him and stood up. She took his hand and walked him upstairs to the bedroom. "Lay on the bed," she said. He complied and watched as she went over to a bureau drawer. She pulled out a small bottle and then came over to the bed, his cum still covering much of her upper body. She opened the bottle and poured some sweet smelling oil into her hand, and then poured it all over her tits. She then poured some over Chris cock. He moaned at the warm feeling the oil gave him as it ran down his cock. He watched as Cindy ran her hands all over her body until she was glistening in the oil. Then she reached down and rubbed the oil all over his cock. She leaned down and took his hard cock between her tits and began sliding back and forth. Chris couldn't get over the sensation. It was so warm and soft between her tits. 

Then Cindy got up and moved over to the large window looking out over the pool and backyard. "Come here," she purred. He did and she handed him the bottle. "Pour some into your hand," she said. After he had done that, she turned away from him and put her hands against the base of the window, leaning over and, in the process sticking her ass back at him. "See if you can find a place to oil up," she cooed over her shoulder as she shook her ass back and forth at him. Chris almost blew his load right there. He reached out and spread her tight, smooth ass cheeks and began spreading the oil all over her ass and asshole. When it was lubed up, he moved forward and pressed his swollen cockhead against her tight entrance. "That's it," she moaned. "Put that huge cock in my ass. Fuck my ass, Chris."

Chris complied, slowly sliding his cock inch by inch into her tight asshole. After he had it about halfway, he plunged the rest of the way until he was buried in her ass. He felt Cindy begin to shake under him.

"OOOOHHHH!! AAAAARRRRNNNNN!! CUMMING!! CUMMING!! OH YEAH!! FUCK YEAH!! FUCK MY ASS, CHRIS!! YOUR COCK IS SO GOOD!!" 

Chris reached around and took each of those well lubed tits in his hands and began pounding her ass. He reveled in how tight and warm it was, and how good it felt, especially with all of the oil. He moved one hand lower and began fingering her clit as he pumped her ass with his huge cock. He leaned to the side to watch her enormous tits swing back and forth like a pendulum. Cindy was cumming uncontrollably beneath him as he pumped his cock into her. This was all too much. Chris could feel the familiar sensation as her tight ass pumped his cum from his cock. "Oh, yeah. I'm gonna cum!!"

"Yess!! Cum all over my ass, Chris!! Shoot it all over me!!"

Chris pulled out and began shooting another enormous load all over her quivering, shaking ass. Shot after shot landed on her ass and back, splattering all over her. She cooed and moaned under him. He used his hands to spread his huge load into her ass and back. She turned around and pushed him onto the bed. She climbed up next to him and fondled his cock. 

"Oh, Chris. That was incredible. I've never cum so much or so hard in my whole life. Tomorrow, you're going to be my present to Casey, alright? Please? Please fuck Casey for me!! I'll do anything for you, Chris, anything."

Chris lay back and put his hands behind his head. This was just too good to be true. But as he felt Cindy's tongue on his balls, he realized he wasn't dreaming. And tomorrow...