 HANNAH

I recently moved into The Meadows, a secluded adult community. When I first paid a visit to the Meadows, I fell in love with its natural surroundings and its privacy. Being an outdoorsy girl, I enjoyed the thought of throwing on my hiking boots, grabbing my camera and exploring the state park. 

The Meadows held a monthly mixer in their clubhouse. I thought this might be the best way to meet other people but these type of events have always made me uncomfortable. Ever since I was a young girl, I have had a hard time talking to people because of my shyness. This would be the perfect opportunity to come out of my shell. 

I decided to change up my attire for this evening: button down sweater, allowing a nice view of my breasts, a pencil skirt and heels. I double checked my face in my compact, took a deep breath before entering the clubhouse. 

I was surprised by the number of people inside. The complex was still under development, building new units but I rarely saw other people. The age of the crowd was a mixture of early 30's to late 60's. A quick scan of the room and my eyes fell onto the bar area. Maybe a little alcohol would help me relax. There were several men and women sitting at the bar, engrossed in their conversations when I approached. 

"May I have a gin and tonic please?" I ask the bartender. 

I look around the room again while waiting for my drink. My eyes were drawn to a man and woman talking by the door. The man was tall and handsome in a dark suit while the woman was wearing a form fitting dress and heels. The woman touched his arm, threw her head back and laughed loudly. I couldn't stop looking at him especially when a smile spread across his face, a gorgeous smile. He then looked away from the woman and his eyes met mine, smiling at me. Embarrassed by my staring, I quickly look away and turn towards the bar. The bartender places my drink in front of me and I hurriedly take a drink. 

A young guy bumps into me, spilling my drink on the bar. 

"Hey you're new here. I know, because who could forget a sexy ass like yours." 

His hand reaches down and pats my behind. From his movements and his speech, he is visibly intoxicated. 

"Please don't touch me." I move his hand away from my body.

"What better way to get to know each other." His hand returns to my bottom, groping it. 

"I think the young lady said don't touch her." The man from the doorway is now standing by the drunk creep, his hand firmly holding the the drunk's arm. A look of pain falls over the drunk's face as he removes his hand and 

walks away from the bar. 

"Are you okay?" The handsome stranger asks looking down at me.

"Yes I'm fine. Thank you for helping me out." 

He holds his hand out to me. "My name is John. I live in 222."

"Hannah, I live right next to you in 224." I continue holding onto his hand. 

John starts to chuckle, looking at our joined hands. 

"I'm so sorry." I quickly pull my hand away, looking down at the bar. 

"No need for apologies neighbor." John holds up two fingers and motions for the bartender. 

"I didn't mean to take you away from your girlfriend." 

"What? Are you talking about Courtney?" John points over to the tight dress lady. "She is definitely not my girlfriend."

John hands me my drink, lifts his glass up. "To new friendships." Our glasses clink. 

John and I settle in at the bar, sitting next to each other, talking about our jobs, our interests and life before The Meadows. I feel incredibly comfortable and relaxed around him. I sneak glances at him while he talks, noticing his soft green eyes, the way they crinkle in the corners when he laughs, the waves in his brown/gray hair. 

I feel cool air blowing on me and notice the air conditioning vent right above us. John sees me shivering, removes his suit jacket, places it on my shoulders. 

I smile. "Thanks, you are such a gentleman." 

He says with a wicked smile spreading across his face. "Not all the time."

My eyes grow wide.

"I get very competitive on the soccer field playing for my work team." 

"Oh" I say faintly, laughing nervously. 

"Hmm what we were you thinking about?" John leans in closer to me, raising his eyebrows. 

I start to stammer. "Nothing...I...I'm sorry"

"Hey it's okay. I'm joking. I told you, don't apologize." John lays his hand on top of mine. 

"I'm sor..." I stop as I see John shaking his head. "Okay, no more apologies."

"Good." John reaches into his wallet and places several bills on the bar. "Hey I don't want to cut this short but I have an early meeting in the morning. Can I walk you back to your place? I think I know the way." John says with a wink. 

We leave the bar area and exit the clubhouse. As we walk, John points out the different units, telling me about the occupants including Courtney. He tells me how she is 26 years old and has been pursuing John since he moved in. 

"She is a nice girl but far too young for me. I like a more mature woman who doesn't play games and knows what she wants." 

John turns to me as we stand in front of my door, his face close to mine. "Do you know what you want Hannah?"

I nod my head yes, close my eyes, lean into John and kiss him.

John pulls his head back, brushing his hand across my cheek. "Q ue sueñes con los angelitos Hannah." 

I watch John turn away, unlock his door and walk into his unit. 

JOHN

"What just happened there?", John asks himself as he enters his condominium. Shaking his head, he sighs and tosses his keys on the table by the door and heads toward his bedroom to change out of his suit. 

It has been six months since John moved to The Meadows after his three year consulting gig in Mexico City ended. Moving back to the States after the extended assignment in the crowded Capitol City has brought nothing but pleasant surprises. Beginning with The Meadows itself. The absence of smog hanging over everything, to say nothing of the wide open spaces and brilliant blue skies, actually took some getting used to. But the most pleasant change of all involved women. As exotic as the dark complexioned, brown eyed Mexican beauties were, the truth was John preferred wholesome American women. Like Hannah, his new neighbor.

Entering his bedroom, John whips off his tie and shrugs out of his suit coat, pausing to hang both items in his closet before sitting on the edge of the bed to untie his shoes. Kicking them off in the direction of the closet, John stands and reaches for his belt, unbuckling it with one swift motion. He unbuttons his pants at the waist and slips out one leg and then the other. Clad in navy boxer briefs he glances at his reflection in the floor length mirror and decides to keep on the white Oxford cloth shirt with the button down collar. He has a stack of them in the closet freshly folded from the laundry, ready to be packed for the next trip out of town. Just as grabs his favorite jeans, he hears the doorbell ring. Stepping into his jeans, John heads to the front door, pulling up the zipper as he goes. As he enters the foyer, he sees Hannah through the side entrance way window. John opens the door to find Hannah standing there blushing. 

"Hi, John.... I'm so sorry to bother you. But I appear to have locked myself out and I don't have a spare key and I'm so embarrassed. And...."

"Hold on, Hannah. Slow down for a second and stop apologizing. I've locked myself out lots of times. I will be happy to help you out.", john said smiling. 

"Why don't you come on in and sit down. Can I get you a drink? A glass of wine perhaps? I was about to get myself a beer."

"If you wouldn't mind, John, I'd love to have a beer." Hannah said, smiling.

"Corona okay?" , John asked.

"That would be great, John. Thank you. I'm so embarrassed.... First I try to kiss you and now I'm drinking your beer, and..."

"Hannah, stop that. I'm more than happy to help and frankly I enjoy having company. So here... drink your beer and make yourself at home. By any chance, did you happen to have any windows open?" John asked.

"One that I know of. The master bedroom... but that's on the second floor., Hannah added.

"Not a problem. I have a ladder in the garage. Here... Relax and enjoy your beer and make yourself comfortable. I will be right back."

Opening the garage door, John reaches for the extension ladder hanging on hooks mounted on the wall. Walking around to the back of his unit he can see that Hannah's window is indeed open. Propping the ladder up against the side of the house, John climbs up and crawls into Hannah's bedroom window.

"Hmmmm...." he thinks. "As long as I'm here, maybe I will look around." 

There, next to the bed is a vibrator. Two of them, actually. On the floor next to the bed is a pair of red lace panties. Picking them up and holding them to his nose, John notices that they are still damp. With a delightful scent. He's tempted to stick them in his pocket but knows that he would get caught. As it is, he can hear Hannah calling his name?

"John... Are you okay? You've been gone so long and I wondered if you were okay?"

Sticking his head out the window, John yells down to Hannah. "I'm fine... I will be right down. Meet me at the front door.' 

Tossing the panties onto the floor, but not before taking one more whiff, John heads out the door and down the hall to the stairway leading to the front door. Standing at the door he decides to have some fun with Hannah.

"You again! What do you want now????? " he practically shouts as he opens the door for Hannah to enter her condo."

Getting the joke, Hannah smiles and starts to slip past John, only to have him hold out his arm, stopping her. Pulling Hannah close, he leans down and kisses her full on the lips. Surprised by his gesture, Hannah succumbs to John's advances and kisses him back, John wraps his arms around her, pulling her close against him.

"When you started to kiss me after we returned from the mixer, I wanted to hold you like this then. But I didn't want you to think I'm easy", John said, smiling down into Hannah's eyes. "Truth is, I am, Hannah.... Let's fuck, shall we?" 

HANNAH

As soon as John said the words "Let's fuck" after kissing me, I felt conflicted. My mind was telling me this is too soon but my soaked panties were telling me, jump him. John's kisses along my jawline and my neck, made the answer very clear. I want this man. 

Taking a hold of John's hand, I lead him upstairs to my bedroom. As we enter the room, I am appalled by the state I left my room: panties on the floor, vibrators on the night stand. I let go of his hand, throwing the vibrators in the drawer, kicking the underwear under the bed, making the bed. 

John chuckles. "Hannah, stop, it's okay." John places his hands on my shoulders, turning me towards him. "I find your toys incredibly sexy. Maybe one day you can show me how you use them?" I feel the heat rising on my face. "Not tonight, I want to do all the pleasuring." 

John lowers his face down to mine, softly kissing me. His tongue runs along my lips, trying to gain entrance inside. I open my mouth, my tongue meeting his. His hands pull my head closer as I feel his body slowly moving mine backwards. My legs hit the side of the bed causing me to fall back, firmly grabbing John's shirt, pulling him on top of me. I start giggling which causes John to laugh also. 

"Your laugh is adorable." John says as he pushes my hair away from my face. "I can't wait to hear the delightful sounds you make when you cum." 

John shifts his body, moving off the bed. He grabs a hold of my ankles, pulling my pelvis to the edge of the mattress. He kneels down on the floor, pushing my knees apart. His fingers skim my calves, up my thighs. I start to giggle again.

"Hmmm ticklish here. I'll remember that." John reaches under my skirt and I close my eyes waiting for his reaction. As his fingers make their way towards my pussy, John's eyes grow wide. 

"Miss Hannah, you seem to be missing something." He reaches under the bed, pulls my red panties up to his nose as he inhales deeply. "I do believe these are yours. Were you wearing these before the mixer?"

"I...was..but..oh my God" I place my hands over my face, trying to hide my embarrassment. 

"So you were at the mixer panty less?" He tries to pry my hands away from my face. "They are soaked, what were you doing?" He raises his eyebrows at me.

"Ok, ok, ok I was pleasing myself before the mixer. I thought it would help me relax." I blurt out. 

"Did it help?" John asks.

A smile appears on my face. "Yes it did."

"Well then let's keep you relaxed, shall we? Now where was I, oh yes, I was about to eat your pussy." I start to giggle again but I stop when I see the serious look on John's face. He moves between my legs again. I stop laughing and bite down on my bottom lip.

John's hands are on my thighs, pushing the skirt up around my waist. I prop myself on my elbows, looking down as he spreads my legs wide open. I watch his tongue lick up the slit of my cunt, his eyes focused on my face. I take a deep breath and sharply exhale as his tongue tip runs over my clit, making circular motions. I lie back on the bed, eyes closed, low moans escaping my mouth, enjoying this immense pleasure. My body is squirming against his mouth. His arm comes across my abdomen holding my writhing body in place. My hands clutch the bedsheets as I feel my orgasm building. John's tongue and mouth move frantically, sucking, biting, licking my clit while he moves two fingers in and out of my wet pussy. 

"Oh...John...I'm....going.....to...." I scream out, unable to finish my thought when my orgasm tears through me. Electrical jolts course through my lower limbs as my cunt spasms around his fingers. 

JOHN

When Hannah's spasms start to subside, I stand up and gaze down at the object of my desire. Her breasts heaving. Her cunt glistening. Her lips swollen and puffy. Her clit peeking out from under its sheath, erect and proud.

Hannah smiles and starts to speak, but I stop her. 

"Shhhh....." I whisper. And standing in front of her, I start to slowly unbutton my shirt. First, the cuffs. Then starting at the top and working my way down, I reveal first my hairy chest. Pulling the shirt flaps aside, Hannah's eyes linger at my waistband where a bulge has become pronounced.

Before I can reach my belt, Hannah scrambles to the edge of the bed, sitting in front of me. Her own hands shaking, she pushes my hands away and grabs for my belt. Yanking it open, she reaches for the button and deftly opens my jeans and the zipper in one smooth motion. She tugs my jeans down so they are bunched around my knees and, looking up at me with an expression of pure lust on her face, reaches for the elastic band of my boxer briefs and, with two hands, pulls it out and down as my cock springs out.

Hannah reaches out and grasps the shaft of my cock, pulling it down to her lips. Licking off the drop of precum that has formed on the tip, Hannah teases me with kisses up and down the shaft. Moving to my ball sack, she gently sucks one of my balls into her mouth before focusing all of her attention on sucking my cock. First, just the head. It's obvious she enjoys what she's doing and in no time she's taking all of me into her mouth, her lips pressed against my pubic hair.

When Hannah pauses to take a breath, I lean back, withdrawing my cock from her luscious mouth and reach down and pull her up into an embrace. As I do, Hannah reaches up and pushes the strap of her sundress off one shoulder and then the other. Turning around she asks me to help with the zipper. Facing me now, Hannah tugs down on the dress, pulling it over her large, bra-covered breasts before it slips over her hips and down to the floor.

Wearing just a bra, Hannah reaches down to cup my balls with one hand, squeezing my hard cock with the other. I reach around her back and unclasp her red laced bra, finally getting to see those beautiful breasts I've been salivating over. It's time to move back onto the bed so I can get to those juicy melons.

HANNAH

John kisses me again, his hands roaming over my breasts resting at my nipples. His fingers and thumbs tweak them as his tongue probes my mouth. My hands are exploring as well, stroking his cock and squeezing his balls, causing John to moan into my mouth. I pull away from him and crawl up the bed. I raise my index finger, curl it, beckoning him to come to me. John pounces on the bed. He is on his hands and knees making his way up the bed much like a predator stalking his prey. His body hovers over mine, both of us staring at each other, breathing rapidly. All of a sudden John grabs a hold of my hips and flips me over on top of his body, making me shriek. 

"God I love the sounds you make. Good thing your neighbors don't mind." John says with a wink. 

My knees are pressed into the bed, straddling John's thighs. His hands reach up and cup my breasts. 

"Your breasts are absolutely breathtaking."

He massages them with both hands. His fingers and thumb pinch the nipples until they become hard knots. I lower my upper torso down, making my breasts accessible to John's mouth. His hand holds onto the right breast then hungrily takes it into his mouth, swirling his tongue around the nipple, teeth biting on the swollen flesh. I gasp, grinding down onto John's pelvis. He then takes the left breast, sucking, licking, biting it like the right breast. I shift forward, my hands feeling between my legs for John's cock. I grasp his rock hard shaft and slide it into my wet cunt. I gradually lower myself down until I am completely filled with his cock. 

I sit straight up, gently rocking my body up and down. John's hands hold onto my hips, guiding my body, setting our rhythm. Slow, steady movements. I occasionally tighten my Kegel muscles around his cock, making John groan in satisfaction. 

I breathlessly tell John. "Oh baby, you feel so good." 

His hands grip harder on my flesh, moving my body up and down faster. My fingers seek out my clit, rubbing it in time with John's thrusts. Our movements become more vigorous. John's balls slapping against my ass every time he pushes my torso down. 

"Oh..John.. so...close..." I moan out.

"Yes Hannah cum with me." John cries out. 

Three solid thrusts from John is all it takes before we yell out our unified pleasure. I feel his hot sperm shooting out of his cock, coating my insides. My pussy encases his shaft, milking it until there isn't any more cum left. His semi hard cock continues throbbing, pulsating until I pull myself off of him. I lie down next to John, exhausted. My eyes closed, enjoying the afterglow of my orgasm until I feel the bed shift. I open my eyes and see John positioning himself between my legs. A chill comes over me as John blows air over my pussy and the cum dripping out of it. He moves his head between my legs. His tongue licks the cum trails on my left thigh. He does the same on my right thigh and continues up to my cunt. He opens his mouth and covers my pussy. He starts to devour my cum filled pussy, tongue lapping my pussy lips, my clit. I throw my head back and enjoy another delicious orgasm.