 You walk in the door after a long day. I kneel on the floor in front of you, and pull off your shoes and socks then slide my fingers up the front of your pants and feel your cock through your pants. Running my fingers along the inside of your waist band, I unzip your pants. Then I slowly unbutton them and watch them as they slide down over your hips and down your thighs, to the floor. I find the tail of your shirt and as I stand up I slide my hand up your shirt. Slowly unbuttoning your shirt one button and one kiss at a time starting at your collar bone and working down to your waist. Then I slowly grab it and walking behind you pull it off and down your arms to throw it on the floor with he rest of your clothes. 

Grabbing your ass and rubbing it with the palm of my hand, I slowly walk back around to the front and facing you I step back to get a good look at you. Reaching out I touch your semi-hard cock. Moving closer to you I grab your forearm and part my legs until my thighs are straddling your thighs. Sliding down your body and back up again my pussy leaves a slightly damp trail on your leg. I gently lay my hand on your jaw and lean in to nibble your ear lobe and then come back to gently kiss your lips while going over to nibble on your other ear. Then coming back to your lips and gently circle them with my tongue before kissing you and sliding my tongue in your mouth, my hand slides down over your stomach and grabs your cock feeling it grow and pulse in my hand for just a second. Then my hands slide back up over your stomach and around your waist band to your fine ass exploring every inch of skin along the way.

Since you've been working all day and your tired and stressed out some, you can lay down on your stomach while I sit beside you and squeeze a warm liquid on your shoulders working out all the tension in a slow circular motion. Then gently rubbing the length of your neck and gliding your jaw with the back of my hand I lean over to let my titties brush up against your back as I kiss your neck and run my tongue along it pressing my titties into your back and sliding them around. Then sitting back up my hands find your shoulders and start to rub with a little bit of pressure I find your spine and slowly travel down rubbing your muscles as I go down to your ass. My hands glide over your ass massaging the warm liquid into your skin. Then I dip my body low and press my titties against your ass as I rub down your legs. First massaging the warm liquid into your thighs and working down to your calves and feet. Paying special attention to every toe before traveling back up your legs and over your ass I let my titties stay against your ass as I take my tongue and run it back up your spine to your neck. I let my hands run through your hair and over your shoulders before running my hands down your arms to lace my fingers with yours. 

Then I rub back up your arms to your back and kiss you lightly before making you turn over on to your back, so I can straddle your hips letting my thighs trap you while I pour more warm liquid on to your stomach and little drops onto your chest. Then with my hips sensuously gliding along the length of your warm hard cock. My hands run up your chest to your shoulders my titties brush against your stomach as I run my fingers along your skin. Rubbing the lotion into your skin with deep even strokes and grinding hips. The pressure of my hips is growing more impatient as I find a soft nipple and moisten it with a flick of my tongue. Sucking and tugging on it with my mouth and lightly with my lips. Than I'll blow a slow steady breath of air over that hard nipple while my hand slides over your chest to the other one. I let my fingers gently rub it into a hard peek then flick it with my warm wet tongue. I slide down your body letting my hands follow gliding down over your chest to your hard cock. I stop so that my titties surround your cock as my tongue licks your belly button and follows on down until my body is between your legs and my face is level with your cock.

Then I lick my lips in anticipation at putting that hard cock in my mouth. My hands slide up over your thighs to cup your balls. Then running my hand up the entire length of your magnificently hard cock and back down to the base I lean in to press a kiss to the very tip of its soft throbbing head. Then I dart my tongue out to flick the tip and circle the entire head. Feeling how smooth it is and feeling its throbbing pulse with my tongue before opening my mouth and letting you slide in just past my lips. Closing my mouth around your entire cock I let my tongue lick around it again before slowly taking it in my warm wet mouth. Then pulling it out and sucking it back in deeper. Until I can feel your entire length in my mouth and the head is poking my throat throbbing and straining to get deeper. I start to stroke you with my mouth deep into my throat a few times letting my lips close in around your cock tightly. Fucking you with my mouth in and out before stopping to lick your cock's full length with my tongue. Then getting to your balls I gently take them in my hand and run my tongue over them before sucking them in my mouth and letting them feel how warm and wet it is. Then my mouth goes back up your hard cock and I open my greedy mouth and take you in between my lips and plunge you deep in my throat over and over again. I start to feel you swell in my mouth. Your throbbing becomes intense. 

You grab my head with your hand and start raising your hips up to fuck my mouth, so I stop raising back up, I grab your hand and let you feel how wet my shaved little pussy is for you. With one finger, you slide in between my aching lips to find my wet clit throbbing for your touch. You flick it real quick with your finger before plunging your finger in my tight wet pussy drawing out more juices. Then I stop you and deep throat your finger sucking all of my pussy juices off your finger before straddling your hips. I let your cock find my wet lips and I slide along teasing myself with your cock while my mouth find yours and I kiss you hard. Then raising my hips up, I let your cock slip just inside my pussy hole and you grab my hips with your hands and pull me down on top of you hard. I moan, it feels good. Tight and warm and full of your cock. I start to rock back and forth slowly at first to savor the feeling of you being inside me stretching me and filling me up. Then feeling you growing inpatient I start to ride your cock up and down. You grab my titties in your hands and squeeze them hard. Then pinch my hard nipples sending waves of pleasure down my body straight to my pussy. I pick up the pace and ease back up and just before you slip out of my pussy you grab my hips and once again pull me down on top of you hard. We start fucking both needing to find the release and both wanting the other one to find it. You raise your hips to help. 

Meeting me with each thrust we go at each other in a state of longing and need both of us needing fulfillment. Then suddenly I feel myself start to clamp down on your hard cock. My pussy muscles tighten around you squeezing you. I start to moan louder as I cum. I want you to fuck me hard so you roll over on top of me and start fucking me with deep hard thrusts. I wrap my legs around your waist locking them at the ankle to keep you close. You start to feel that tingling in your balls so you fuck me a little harder and a little deeper. 

I squeeze my pussy lips around your cock as you start to moan. Your cock grows inside me and then you shoot your load deep inside my pussy. We stop thrusting so I can feel your cock as it cums inside me and my pussy can grab it and squeeze all the cum out. We look at each other and kiss hard before your cock slips out of my well fucked pussy. Then you roll off of me and I snuggle in against you resting my hand on your chest we dose off so we can go at each other again after some rest.