 We lie together like two spoons in the early morning, warm, safe and exhausted after our escapade in the shower. I am sated, relaxed, loved. I feel so close to you, feel that my body could melt into yours and we become one.

I could lie with you like this forever I think, content, satisfied. Ah, but the little colonel has other ideas. I feel him stirring against my ass. Hardening, rising, he gently insinuates his head between my ass cheeks. I smile and wiggle my hips accommodating him.

I thought you asleep, your arm wrapped around my waist, holding me against you. Perhaps you sleep still; perhaps you have entered that wonderland between waking and sleeping, that gray area where all is warm and comfortable, where dreams are real. I know for me they are, as I feel your hand softly stroking my belly, barely touching my skin your fingers leave a trail of fire and desire. 

Higher your caresses move until you are cupping my breast. How warm your hand, your fingers tease the nipple. I sigh and arch into your hand pushing my hips back against you. 

“Mmm, so nice,” I whisper as you kiss my neck, seeking and finding that sensitive spot at the base. So sensitive that when your lips touch it, waves of pleasure course through my body. 

You roll me over so we are facing each other, bodies joined from shoulder to hip, then you lean in and capture my mouth in a passionate kiss. Teasing my lips apart, you slide your tongue into my mouth. I welcome it, sucking on it, I want it to fill me, just as I want another part of your body to fill another part of me.

Sliding my leg over your hips, I plant my heel on your ass and pull you in closer, tighter. Your erect cock easily finds its home between my legs, bathing itself in my juices. You rock your hips, teasing and pleasing me. I gasp with pleasure, but then I push you away. 

In this dreamlike state, hard reality intrudes, I want something more. You want something more. You’ve asked before, I’ve been afraid. But now I am willing to try. 

“Please,” I whisper, “be gentle.”

You look deeply into my eyes and ask, “Are you sure?”

I nod, afraid but excited.

You guide me into position, on my hands and knees. I feel you kneel behind me, and placing your cock against me you enter me with a long, steady push. One, two, three long slow strokes, covering that magnificent head and long shaft with my love juices before you pull out. 

Then you insert a finger, and another, covering them both with my wetness. As you pull your fingers out, you bury your cock in me again. Sliding your fingers up and down my ass, you tease my asshole using my own juices as a natural lubricant. Gently you slip the tip of one finger in and I tense up.

You caress my ass and back with your free hand, murmuring reassurances, still gently fingering my asshole till I begin to relax. Then you slide you finger all the way in, first one then the second. You gently finger fuck my ass getting me ready for my first time.

I feel you pull your fingers and your cock out of me and I feel so empty. And then you are putting your cock head against the anal opening and gently, firmly pushing in. Inch by inch you penetrate stopping often to let me adjust. 

And when I think that you are all the way in, that you have filled me completely, you lean over me wrapping your arms around me, your chest and stomach covering my back. With your hand caressing my tits, your mouth kissing and biting my neck and shoulders, you drive me to the brink of an orgasm. 

Moaning, I try to push back against your magnificent cock, but you tell me to wait. I see you take something from the nightstand. There is a loud clack and then a hum. Your hand drops between my legs and I feel you insert the vibrator into my cunt.

“Aaaaaahhhh,” I gasp as you grab my hips and I realize I was wrong. You were not all the way inside me. With a quick thrust, you drive the last two inches of your cock deep inside my ass. And I cum, screaming your name. 

Your hips and thighs are slammed up tight to my legs and ass, steadying me as I thrash about on your cock. I lose all sense of sight and sound. Aware only of the intense pleasure in my cunt and ass radiating out to every part of my body. 

Gradually, the other senses return. I feel you stroking my body, cooing soft words of encouragement. I feel your cock still buried deep inside me near the persistent dildo in my pussy, and I wonder if you can feel the vibrations in your cock. As my writhing slows, you pull your cock back and then drive in again. 

You establish a firm rhythm of pulling almost all the way out then burying your cock in my ass. With each powerful thrust, your balls bounce against my clit, sending lightening bolts of pleasure into my body. 

Your speed increases. I hear you grunting as you pound away at my ass and my breath is coming in ragged gasps. Calling your name, begging you to fuck me harder, faster, deeper.

Your hips pounding like a jackhammer, each stroke moves us across the bed until my head strikes the headboard. I reach up and grab on tightly. With this new leverage, I drive my hips back, meeting each of your thrusts with a powerful one of my own. I am out of control, my muscles in spasm clench your cock tightly as if they don’t want to let you go. 

Inside me, your cock is throbbing. Each pulse sending jolts of painful pleasure through my body. I feel that familiar tingling beginning again, I am almost there. Moaning in anticipation, I hear you cry out. With one last powerful thrust you lock our bodies together and shoot your hot cum deep, deep into me. 

With a long sustained cry, your hips jerking against my ass, your balls slamming into my dripping cunt, you fill me with your cum. So much hot white pleasure cream, I can’t hold it all. It runs out of me, down my crack, and onto my pussy and I am cumming again. My voice joins yours expressing the intense pleasure we share. 

Exhausted from our passion, covered in the fine sweat of our exertions, we collapse onto the bed. Exhausted but not done, small waves of post climatic pleasure continue to ripple through our joined bodies as the buried vibrator continues to thrum. 

Again you wrap your arms around me, again you pull me to you spoon fashion, as again we travel to that gray world between waking and dreaming where the best of each world resides. 

I smile as I realize that any place you are, is where the best of any world resides.