 Wendy Chap. 3: Sharing Wendy

Wendy Learns About Sharing 

Wendy joined Kate for breakfast on Wednesday and then they returned to Kate's room. Kate slowly undressed Wendy, put her on the bed, then using a silk scarf tied Wendy's hands to the headboard. Wendy had never been restrained, it scared her, it excited her, but she trusted Kate.

Kate knelt beside Wendy, an ice cube in her hand. Slowly Kate ran the ice over the tit, along the nipple, she watched it get hard, she watched it melt the ice, then she licked the water from the tit. Her tongue rolling over the hard nipple. Then Kate ran the ice down the ribs, over the belly and around the navel, Wendy squirmed and Kate smiled. She used her tongue to lick the water, running tongue over Wendy's belly and into the navel. Again the ice moved lower, through the patch of dark hair, down to the slit. Kate ran the ice along the crease, opening the lips with her fingers, the cold wet object sliding along, at the opening, penetrating, slowly penetrating. Wendy was lifting her hips, she was begging Kate to fuck her. Wendy pleaded for more. Kate leaned in close, ran her tongue along the slit, bit the clit and Wendy was moaning loudly. Then Kate stood up and walked away.

Wendy screamed, she was close, she wanted to finish, she tossed and turned. Kate had a drink of water and watched her friend, just think how much more exciting it will be when I let you finish. Wendy cursed under her breath, her pussy pulsating, her nipples aching. Kate watched until Wendy lay still.

Then Kate moved over to Wendy applied soap to her pubic hair and produced a razor. Wendy protested, but Kate began to shave the hair warning Wendy to be still. The razor moved over the mound, the hair falling away, Kate was careful as she shaved near the lips, then using a warm towel, she wiped the region clean. Kate looked at the clean area and couldn't help but rub it, caresses it and soon she had Wendy moaning and moving with her.

Kate stopped and picked up two pens, one black and one yellow and she looked at Wendy. You must be very still, I am going to give you a temporary tattoo. The ink will last for a long time, but you can wash it away with alcohol. Wendy began protesting, and Kate shoved her panties in Wendy's mouth to shut her up. Wendy kicked and thrashed, but only until Kate moved the pen to her skin. She drew the outline of a small butterfly in black, then colored it in yellow. The butterfly was small and positioned to look like it was emerging from the slit, coming out of the cocoon. 

Kate looked at her artwork, knelt between Wendy's legs, and kissed the butterfly. She moved her lips over the smooth soft skin. Kate's lips moving, her tongue licking, over the mound, along the thigh, and then the tongue sliding along the crease. She parted the lips with her fingers and slid her tongue along the wet inner edges. Kate could feel her wetness and she could her the muffled moans coming from Wendy's panty filled mouth. Kate drove two fingers up the pussy as her lips sucked on the clit, Wendy lifting her hips to Kate, pressing hard against her friend's mouth. Wendy was close, she was tossing her head, and Kate was building her higher and higher. She closed her eyes, ready to finish and ….

When Kate heard the door open, she sat up. Dan had returned with two more friends. Wendy cried, she was close and again Kate did not let her climax, how much more could she take. Then she realized Dan and his friends were there. The men looked at Wendy as Kate moved away, the moved in close and the older man touched the butterfly, Wendy could feel the heat from his finger. The other looked at her breasts, caressed one, stroking the nipple and Wendy moaned. 

"A gag in her mouth, to keep her screams quiet." The larger man squeezed the nipple in his fingers, pulling the nipple and twisting it. Wendy cried out. He then took the other nipple, pulled it out, squeezed it, twisted and lifted Wendy from the bed by the nipple. Wendy was sobbing, tears rolling down her cheek. The man dropped his pants, took a nipple in each hand, twisted them, pinched them, pulled them and as Wendy muffled cries were softly heard in the room, he rammed his hard cock inside her wet pussy. Driving it deep inside as he pulled on the nipples. Pinching, pulling as he fucked the dark haired beauty. Wendy was moving with him, her scrams changing to moans as he pulled back and rammed in, pulled back, rammed in. Wendy was climaxing, crying out and Kate removed the panties to hear screaming in delight. She was begging the man, " Harder, please harder, fuck me, oh yes, now, now, now."  Wendy moved with the man as she reached the peak. Then he moved in slow steady strokes, in and out, in and out, his breathing getting faster, building, getting closer. He pulled from her pussy, moved his cock between her tits, and pushing them together fucked her titties. Faster and faster until his load burst forth shooting cum over Wendy's chest, neck and face. He pumped the white liquid over her and as he slowed he moved up, his cock inches from her mouth and Wendy licked him, she licked the cum from his cock. He rolled off her.

The older man was naked, his cock long but thin and he roughly rolled Wendy onto her stomach, lifting her to her knees. He knelt behind her, his cock at her ass and pushed against the tight opening. Wendy cried out, "No, please not there, please it will hurt."

WHACK, the man smacked her ass and told her to shut up. He pressed against her, forcing the opening sliding in. Wendy crying in pain, the man pushing slowly in, then a release and he drove his cock deep inside Wendy. She cried out, and he held still, letting her adjust to his invasion. Then slowly he moved out and in, short movements, slow movements. Out and in, out and in, the friction rubbing, Wendy's sobs turning to moans until she was moving with him, anticipating his thrust and pushing back. The man moved faster, in and out and as he fucked her ass, he smacked it with his hand. Fuck, smack, fuck, smack, again and again. Wendy's ass was red from the hand, his breathing faster and faster, Wendy moaning too. And Wendy hit her peak and exploded, the man came with her. His cum filling her ass, pumping cum inside her, oozing out around his cock. Stroking in and out, slower and slower until he collapsed on her.

When the man stood up, Kate untied Wendy and she rolled over and Kate kissed her deeply. Their tongues entwined, their lips pressed against each other. Then Kate pulled back, smiling at her. Wendy noticed now that there were two more men in the room. They stood naked looking at Wendy and when Dan nodded, they moved toward her. One in front, one behind, kissing her, touching her, rubbing her breasts, rubbing her ass, exciting her. Until she could her the voice, her voice, "Please fuck me, use me, fuck this slut. Please fuck me."

The man in back pushed her forward, and forced his cock deep in her ass. Wet with cum and stretched he slid easily in and then he fell back on the bed, Wendy on top of him as the other man moved forward, his cock moving toward her pussy. Then he mounted Wendy, sliding his cock in her pussy. She closed her eyes, she was filled, she could feel the cocks inside, moving slowly in and out. She was being stretched, fucked used like a whore and it excited her. As they moved she became more excited, she was pleased. And Dan moved close, taking her face in his hands he slid his cock in her mouth. She sucked his rod, long slow sucks and he moved slowly in and out. Then he pushed, he pushed, his cock sliding down her throat, she gagged, fought it and accepted his cock. The men moved faster and faster, in her ass, in her pussy in her mouth. She was being fucked in every hole. The men moved faster and faster, talking to each other and she could feel the shudder, one cumming in her pussy, pumping her full, then in her ass, oh my, and then Dan. His cum filling her mouth, forcing her to swallow, drinking it. Slowly the men rolled off her, she could feel cum running down the crack of her ass, down her thighs, down her chin. She was used, and filled and she was excited.

Kate moved to her, kissing her, licking the cum from her face. Wendy relaxed as Kate licked her cheeks, her nose, her chin, then moved slowly down her body. Kate licked the cum from her neck, her chest, and then she buried her face deep in Wendy's pussy licking the cum from her cunt, licking it from her ass. Kate used her tongue on the creases of Wendy. Then she moved up beside Wendy and held her. 

Wendy closed her eyes, she had been fucked by six different men in the last two days and now she lay naked in the arms of a beautiful woman as men looked at her. She had no modesty, no shame. She had become a slut, but how low would she slip.