 "Come on in, soldier. I've been waiting forever for this moment." Throwing her long brown hair over her shoulder, Tabitha batted her eyelashes at the man walking through the door. They'd been friends for a year, keeping in contact over the internet while he served in Iraq. Jay had finally gotten a few weeks off for some much needed R&R. 

The trip home had been a long one, visiting with his friends and family....hopping another flight to Chicago was going to be more of a vacation. He wouldn't be able to stay there more than a night or two but he was hoping it would be well worth it.

Jay dropped his bags just inside the hotel room door. Taking a deep breath he caught a whiff of vanilla in the air. Looking at the woman before him, thoughts ran through his head of things they had discussed online, things they wanted to do to each other....

Tabitha walked over to him and ran her hands up his muscled arm. She had thought he was hot in his uniform....but pictures just didn't do him justice. He looked suave in his cool white shirt and chinos. "Wow." She said. "I feel underdressed." 

Jay smiled at her, "Personally, I think you're overdressed for the occasion. But I think we can work at that." Touching her face, he touched her lips to his in a gentle kiss. Her lips were soft and inviting....with a hint of vanilla lip gloss. Their kiss ignited a passion that had been building for so long. 

Running his lips down her throat, Jay delighted in the shivers he sent rocketing through her body. She pulled herself close and ran her nails up and down his chest. Getting to the top, she popped open one button at a time. When she got to the bottom button she slid his shirt slowly off his shoulders, delighting in his body. Kissing a trail down his body she hesitated for a rest at his nipples. She flicked her tongue over them, teasing them to come out and play. They hardened under her touch as she bit playfully. 

The zipper to her hoodie broke the silence as it fell to the floor. Jay didn't hesitate opening the clasp of her black bra, releasing beautiful double D breasts. They called to him, begging to be touched.

Reaching forward he grabbed a handful and rubbed her nipples with his fingers. A moan escaped her as she bit her bottom lip. She found his mouth again and explored it with her tongue as she unzipped his pants. Breaking the kiss, she took him by the hand and led him to the bed. Tabitha pushed him gently on the bed and pulled off all the rest of his and her clothing. 

Jay reached for her, yet she shook her head no. "I think you deserve to be spoiled a little bit. You just relax." Tabitha pulled a pair of handcuffs from below the pillow and attached him to the bed. "This is all about you, baby."

Looking Jay in the eye she ran her tongue down his chest, making a trail to just where he wanted to be touched. She kissed his thighs, massaging them a bit...and just as he thought she would never touch him....she ran her tongue up his erect dick taking only the head in her mouth. Running her tongue around the top she saw a few drops of liquid form; which were licked clean.

Jay's breathing became faster as she took his throbbing shaft in his mouth and started sucking. Working it up and down, Tabitha reached for his balls and gently massaged. Then she shifted, taking his balls in her mouth as she worked as she stroked him up and down. Not wanting him to cum just yet, she stopped and rubbed her body against his, letting her breasts graze his dick.

Tabitha straddled him and kept space between her body and his. She watched him as she pulled her hair to the top of her head and ran her palms down to her breasts; humping the air. She moaned as she massaged her tits. Letting the hair fall around her she pushed downward to her pussy. It was wet and she wanted him so bad. But she knew that once she rode him she would explode and she wanted to last longer than that. 

Still circling her hips above him she played with her clit as she started stroking him again. She fingered herself, one finger then two. She was so wet now and she could see the need in Jay's eyes. Reaching forward she released the cuffs. While he was pulling his hands free she sat down on his hard cock and rocked, moving her hips in a tantalizing motion. 

Jay immediately sat up and buried his face in her tits, sucking as they hardened to his touch. He grabbed a bit of her hair and pulled gently and tipped her neck back so he could watch her chest heave in excitement. She ran her hand over his bald head, praying that he wouldn't stop licking and sucking.

"Oh, God....you feel so good. Fuck me harder. I want you." Tabitha said breathlessly. She was so close to orgasm and she couldn't help it. "Oh, God."

"Go ahead," he whispered. "Don't worry, I'll have my moment." 

Tabitha leaned in and kissed him hard on the lips before she ripped away from him, unable to contain her moaning. She was riding him so hard, so fast....everything went blank in her mind as she was practically screaming. "Harder, fuck me....harder." Sweat was everywhere as her body clenched in orgasm, wave after wave of pleasure.

She kept riding him, smiling. "How did you hold out? I couldn't wait any longer, sorry. But that doesn't mean we're finished."

Jay breathlessly said, "There at the end I was thinking of baseball. I just wanted to make you cum first."

"I have a different idea for you then." Tabitha said as she slowly let him slide out of her. Turning on the bed, she got on all fours, giving him full view of her glistening wet pussy. Looking behind her she said, "Your choice." 

Jay came up behind her and let his cock rest against her ass as he rubbed it against her. "Hmmmm," he said, "decisions, decisions...." 

In one thrust he tore into her pussy and leaned forward to grab her breasts and kiss her back. Grunting and shoving away he suddenly pulled out. Maneuvering again he put the tip of his cock against her ass. Using her wetness he slowly pushed the head into her ass, feeling it close around him. She was so tight; it was going to be tricky,

Tabitha moaned as she felt herself open up for him. It was such a combination of pain and pleasure that all she could do was hold still and take it. He was a gentlemen...going slowly for her benefit. Letting her get used to the fit, he sped up and found himself grunting with pleasure. He watched as her breasts bounced with every stroke.

Unable to hold back and longer he exploded in her and on her back. They both fell to the bed, sweaty and exhausted. Snuggling in each other's arms they relaxed in a comfortable silence. 

"So I'll see you again in six months, right?" she asked.

"Same time, same place." he answered.