 I’ve never been one to take risks. I was a student at a local college, to keep from traveling to far from the things that I knew, that I was comfortable with. I stayed in a part-time job that I didn’t particularly like just because I knew what to do. I played it safe, and I found it disgusting. I was a twenty year old woman who hadn’t really lived. I never figured that I lacked anything..... I’m 5’5 with blonde hair and green eyes, an athletic body from the sports that I would play. I didn’t see myself lacking anything that people would be attracted to. The only problem I seemed to have was that I didn’t know what to do with what I had, and most times I was just too scared to try.

At the last stop before the highway the bus stopped to pick up the last passengers that the remaining seats would allow. I had hoped that I wouldn’t be getting a seat partner for the 45 minute trip to school, but I could see someone walking towards the back, towards my seat. I pushed my backpack onto the floor, freeing the seat next to me. I sat considering the hideous traits my seat-mate would have; too much perfume, not enough, smelling like an ashtray... the list was endless. But, this time, instead of an over-scented middle-aged woman who could have comfortably taken both of the seats with her size, I was rewarded. He was in his twenties, somewhere in the middle, an alterna-looking guy, that look that made me want to continue staring. He took the seat next to mine and pulled his backpack onto his lap. I tried no to be too obvious as I slid my gaze sideways to check him out. Deciding that I had definitely been rewarded I turned to look out the window. He tried to make himself more comfortable and ended up jostling me in the process. His “sorry” was accompanied with a glorious smile.

He had a British accent. I love guys with accents.

I returned his smile as I told him that it wasn’t a problem, the seating set-up gave you no choice but to get up-close-and-personal with your neighbor.

I wouldn’t mind getting up-close-and-personal with him.

I turned away again, looking out the window and hoping that the traffic wouldn’t make me late for my first class. He was shifting around in his seat again and I didn’t bother to look over. Just as he had stopped moving, I felt something come to rest on my leg, just above my knee. I figured that it was part of his backpack, so I didn’t pay much attention to it. After a moment the pressure moved a little farther up my leg. I still didn’t pay any attention to it. I considered getting him to move his bag, but after a moment, I got used to the pressure. The pressure on my leg shifted again, this time sliding towards my inner thigh. I started paying attention. When I looked I didn’t see part of his backpack, but I did see his hand curved around my thigh, his fingers resting on my inner thigh. I looked up and came gaze-to-gaze with his green eyes. Even with his creepy tendency to hit on strangers, he was really hot. I guess I gave him a look questioning what he was doing because he answered.

“I couldn’t help myself.”

“So, just any leg will do?” I asked.

“No, there has to be more than the leg that I’m interested in.”

“I see.”

I turned away, back to the window. I hadn’t told him to move his hand, and he hadn’t. I stared blindly out the window, trying to figure out what to do next. If I had to be honest with myself I would have to admit that I liked how his hand on my leg made me feel. The fact that he was a stranger, tied in with the fact we were on a crowded bus made the sensations even stronger. I began to imagine where else his hands could go, all the while, no one around us would know what was going on. There was still a half an hour before my stop, maybe even longer if traffic was bad. A lot could happen in half an hour. I decided, although probably against my better judgment, that I wouldn’t mind seeing where this would go. I figured, since he hadn’t moved his hand since I mentioned it, that I would have to give him some kind of go-ahead signal. Having little to lose, and possibly a lot to gain, I put my hand, atop his, holding it against my thigh. I slid a look in his direction and found him watching me. I unconsciously began stroking the back of his hand with my thumb. His hand inched farther up my leg, it was now a mere inch or two from the zipper of my jeans.

Its now that I would have to admit that the entire situation was incredibly erotic, and was invoking some responses from my body. All of my muscles were taught, waiting to see what was going to happen, and I was growing damp at the thought of what could come.

I was now really curious as to how far he would take this. I nudged his hand with mine, just slightly, and it slid a mere whisper from where I wanted it. I unconsciously squirmed in my seat, trying to tell him how it felt, how I wanted more, all without words. He understood. His hand slid from underneath mine, and covered my now damp core through my jeans. I swallowed my gasp as I clenched and unclenched my fingers into fists. When I looked at him I encountered his satisfied smile. Not wanting to be the only one giving a piece of themselves in this endeavor, I dropped my hand onto his thigh, a mere inch from his visibly straining cock. His eyes shuttered for a moment, and I could tell that he was interested in more too. I slid my hand the remaining inch and encompassed as much of him as I could. 

He had a lot to offer.

I couldn’t help but move my hand a little in an attempt to discover more of him. His reaction to my exploration was to press and grind his hand on my pubic bone through my jeans, causing me to gasp. With the gasp I returned to the reality that I had completely forgotten. I was sitting on a public bus, surrounded by people with a stranger’s hand doing wonderful things to me. What was I doing? I went to pull my hand away from him, to push his hand away from me.

“Don’t” He whispered.

I stopped and looked at him. He was totally focused on my hand atop his straining cock.

“I don’t think this is a good idea.” I told him.

“Why? Doesn’t this feel good?” He ground his hand against me.

“Yes.” I gasped. “But the people.”

“They don’t know, they can’t see, you just have to be quiet.”

“ What are we doing?” I tried in vain to reality back to the situation.

“Trust me.” He told me.

“Trust you? I don’t even know you.”

“But you know this.” He rubbed me through my jeans again.

I had difficulty thinking of another reason for him to stop. I no longer cared about being late for class, or the bus full of people on it. I had a hard time thinking past what his hand was doing to me. His hand moved to the zipper of my jeans, slowly and quietly undoing it. I tried to form the words, to tell him to stop, but I ached to feel his hand even closer. I pushed my hips forward, straining towards his hand. He placed his hand over the open zipper and pushed my hips back into the seat.

“You have to be quiet.” He told me.

I hadn’t realized that I had been making a sound.

He slid his hand down inside my jeans, cupping me. If I had had a rational thought, I would have been embarrassed by how wet I was. I was sure that he could tell how aroused I was. As his fingers began rubbing over my clit that he had so deftly found, I had to bite my lip to keep from making a sound. My eyes had fallen shut, and I was completely focused on the sensations that he was invoking. When his fingers sought and found their goal underneath my underwear, my hips jerked. His fingers, now without the fabric barrier slid smoothly.

My hand had stopped moving atop his cock and I didn't care, I was focused completely on his fingers. They slid smoothly. His fingers teased my labia, rubbing back and forth, slowly, then faster. My hips were moving unconsciously along with his fingers, trying to encourage him to go further. He took my unconscious hint and slid his index finger into me. I had to bite my lip to keep from crying out. He held his finger still inside me for a moment, then began moving it. He would withdraw it completely before plunging it back in; over and over. I couldn't keep my hips from bucking against his hand, and I didn't care. Then suddenly there was a second finger inside me, two moving together. I clamped my inner muscles around his fingers, trying to get them to stop moving long enough to focus on the growing sensations that his fingers were causing. His fingers continued their relentless assault.

I almost drew blood as I bit my lip to keep from making a noise. I suppressed even the smallest of moans. My eyes were still clamped shut, to better focus on the sensations that he was causing..... well that and than I could block out the fact the I was on a bus surrounded by strangers on the verge of a mind-altering orgasm. All the while his fingers continued their teasing forays. Two fingers turned into three as he slid another finger inside me and it was all I could do to keep from groaning. I felt so full, but not full enough, if that is even possible. I ground my hips down onto his hand, trying in vain to push his fingers deeper, farther. I needed more. I could feel the edges of reality slowly pull away, and I let them. I pushed against his hand harder, and harder, his fingers moving faster and faster. Then tension in my body increased and I knew that in no time I was going to cum. 

His fingers continued their relentless pumping, in and out and in and out, and faster and faster. Suddenly as his fingers plunged in again he pinched my clit. That was all it took, and my senses were reeling. I had to bite down on my lip hard, and muffle any other sound with my hand as I came in a blinding rush. 

I can honestly say, looking back, I think that I might have blacked out. When my eyes blinked open I found him looking quite satisfied with what he had accomplished. I wasn't complaining. His hand was still under my panties. He tweaked my clit before removing it, sending aftershocks through my body. Remembering where I was I hastily redid my pants and tried not to look as if I'd just had a mind-blowing orgasm. I looked out the window to gather my bearings when I noticed where I was. 

My stop was the next one. I pulled the bell, picked up my bag, and turned to him. 

"This is where I get off."

"I noticed."

"This is my stop."

"But things aren't finished here."

I glanced down to his groin and saw the evidence of his arousal.

"I'd love to help you, but I've got class."

I stepped over his legs into the aisle. Before I headed to the front I turned to him.

"I take the same bus every morning, maybe I can help you tomorrow."

I turned and got off the bus as it stopped. As the bus pulled away from the curb I couldn't help but smile. Yep, I had definitely been rewarded in the seat neighbor category.