 Joel stood in the shower letting the hot water cascade over him. He was standing towards the rear of the tub facing the shaving mirror that was affixed to the wall. 

It may have been Saturday, and he had no place special to go and no one to impress, but he hadn't shaved in nearly a week and his face was starting to itch. He had just lathered up when he heard a loud knock at the bathroom door and a somewhat sleepy voice say, "Hey, Joel, you mind if I come in? I really need to pee."

"Sure, Becks," he replied. "Come on in."

Becky had been his best friend and confidant since high school and all through college, so when she showed up at his front door at one o'clock that morning needing a place to crash, how could he say no? 

Becky and her roommate Claire were on one of Claire's infamous "Manhunts." Claire found a guy to take home and fuck while Becky didn't. Apparently, Claire's conquest knew what he was doing because the near screams of her roommate made Becky abandon ship and look for a place she could actually sleep. 

"I'm gonna flush," she said. 

"Don't worry, it won't effect the hot water."

"You mind if I brush my teeth since I'm in here?"

"Knock yourself out."

Becky saw where Joel was standing, and the movements of his arm. "Scraping your face, huh?" She much preferred how he looked when he wasn't stubble laden. At the same time, Becky quietly cursed the fact that the towels hanging from a crossbar on the shower door were blocking her view of his ass. 

In high school she thought he was cute, but when he started to fill out in college, "cute" gave way to "fucking hot." He was the focus of many of her masturbatory fantasies over the last few years, but they were both reluctant to screw up nine years of friendship for, what would undoubtedly be, the fuck of a lifetime.

Becky kept looking at the reflection of her best friend in the bathroom mirror as she brushed her teeth. "Go on," a voice in her head kept saying to her. "Take a peak. He'll let you. He probably knows you're watching him right now and has a raging hard on because of it." 

These thoughts were making her so wet and horny that she couldn't stand it. Finally, the funk and the taste of morning breath gone from her mouth, she zipped up her travel bag, thanked Joel again for letting her crash with him, and left the bathroom.

Joel had actually been done shaving for a while, but didn't want to move lest Becky see how hard he was. He had let her sleep in his bed the previous night, so he took the couch. What he wanted to do was share the bed with her and show her a better time than the guy Claire brought home was showing her. 

Joel knew Becky liked him; hell, he felt the same way about her. But he had the same fears about messing things up as she did. After the door closed, Joel turned off the water and focused his attention to drying off, and hopefully calming down.

Becky decided to focus on another need of hers. Breakfast. The coffee was already brewing, so she just needed something to eat now. She had thought about going back into Joel's bedroom and getting herself off, but she decided against it. She didn't have her favorite vibrator with her, and if Joel walked in on her she knew she wouldn't be able to control herself. No, it was best to focus on food. 

Unfortunately, Joel hadn't gone grocery shopping yet, so there wasn't much. She was reaching into a high cupboard in the kitchen when she heard a sharp intake of breath behind her. That's when she remembered what she was wearing. She had a loose fitting grey tank top on, and the panties she had worn the night before. 

Since she was on a "Manhunt," she wore one of the few thongs she owned; in this case it was a sexy leopard print. When she raised her arms, she exposed her ass to Joel, who was standing right behind her. She quickly covered her ass with her hands and spun around.

Joel was wearing a pair of black sweats, and his hair was still damp from the shower. Becky's eyes went from his brown hair, to his green eyes, down to his lightly haired chest and the line if hair that went down his belly and into his pants. He wasn't built like a body builder, but to her, he was perfect. Then she saw the tent forming at his crotch, and it made her wet again. He was temptation personified right now, so she decided to just face away from him.

Joel, on the other hand, had decided that all this tip toeing around the issue was really stupid. He wanted her, she wanted him, and he knew that they both liked each other as more than just friends. This was the perfect time to show her. 

Besides, he thought that Becky was the most beautiful thing on two legs; her spiky purple hair, her brown eyes, and her tight ass that he had just seen for the first time were almost intoxicating to behold. He wanted to see more; he wanted to see it all. Throwing caution to the wind, Joel came up right behind her and wrapped his arms around her waist, holding her close to him.

Becky could feel his cock pressing up against her ass. "Joel, we shouldn't," she said.

Joel responded by gently biting her earlobe and kissing her neck. "Why not? We both want this. Besides, you know I'm crazy about you, and I know you feel the same way about me."

"You're my best friend. We could fuck everything up."

"All I want to fuck right now it you, Becks." Joel slipped a hand under her shirt and went right for one of her C cup tits, and Becky had no intention of asking him to stop; his hands felt so good on her skin. "I didn't know you had your nipples pierced," he said when he felt the barbell going through the raised tip at the end of her breast.

"I don't tell you everything," she moaned. Becky realized she was being stupid and gave in. She reached behind her and pulled at Joel's sweats, trying to get them off of him, Joel, meanwhile, slid his other hand into her thong and found her clit through the hair of her pussy lips. "Fuck yes!" She leaned forward and grabbed the counter, trying to support herself, while at the same time still trying to get Joel's pants off. When she finally got them at least to his knees, she was pleased to discover that he had nothing on underneath.

"Going commando, huh?" she asked as she finally grabbed his hard cock and started stroking it. 

"I decided to leave my boxers in the bathroom." Her hand felt so good on his dick. "Easier access, you know?"

"I like easy access." Becky turned her head and attacked Joel's mouth with hers. There was no tentative brushing of lips, no awkward first kiss, just a hungry coupling of open mouths and dueling tongues. Becky broke that kiss when she felt her orgasm getting closer. " Oh yeah, baby!" she moaned. Joel rubbed her clit harder, and she in turn squeezed his dick with the same amount of force. Finally she reached her crescendo and exploded with a fury, shaking like she was in an earthquake and had her struggling to stay on her feet.

Joel gently eased her to the floor while she came, making sure to keep his hand on her pussy. 

"Jesus, Joel," she said when those surges finally subsided. "That was just your fingers." She turned around and tackled Joel to the floor, peeling her tank top off while mauling his mouth with her own. 

Joel finally got a look at those tits he'd been dreaming about for so long. They were firm, and the black metal of her piercings contrasted nicely with her hard pink nipples. "You're beautiful."

"You're just saying that because I'm practically naked and sitting on your dick. Speaking of which." She slid down his body until she came to his nice long cock. "Shame on you for hiding this from me for so long, baby," she teased. Becky grabbed hold of it again, and took him gently into her mouth.

"Don't you think we should take this into the bedroom?" Joel groaned, trying not to let his head hit the hard linoleum.

"Awww," she pouted. "But I'm thirsty now. All I want is some nice fresh cum. You wouldn't deny me that would you?" Becky took Joel's cock back in her mouth and sucked it harder.

"Keep that up and you'll get it sooner than you think."

"Good." Becky sucked his cock like there was no tomorrow, furiously working her mouth and tongue to release that load of cum she so desperately wanted to taste. Joel's hips were bucking and thrusting; he was fucking her mouth as he would a pussy.

"Becks," he groaned. "God, Becky, I'm gonna...." His cock erupted like a volcano, sending jet after jet of hot cum into Becky's waiting mouth. The first blast was so big that she jerked her head back a little in surprise, but she didn't waste a drop, swallowing it down like it was the nectar of the gods. When his cock was finally spent, Becky released it and gave it a kiss.

"That was, by far, the most cum I've ever swallowed in my life! You were like a fire hose! Don't you believe in jerking off?"

"Haven't had a whole lot of time lately," he said in a satisfied voice. Joel looked down at his best friend, who was holding his semi hard cock in her hand. "That was the best blowjob I've ever had. I think I need to return the favor." He stood and helped Becky to her feet. He took his sweats the rest of the way off and she grabbed her discarded tank top off the floor before they adjourned Joel's bedroom. When they got there, they again attacked each other. Years worth of sexual tension doesn't go away with just one orgasm apiece. 

Joel eased Becky onto the bed and slowly pealed her panties off, revealing a brown patch of trimmed pubic hair. He smiled.

"I know," she said, a little embarrassed. "Bush like a 70's porn star."

"I prefer carpeting over hardwood floors," he said, before giving her slit a long lick.

Becky jerked a little at the intense feeling of his tongue on her pussy. "Really? Because once I.......I had a guy get upset that I wouldn't shave it before he had sex with me. He wouldn't even go down on me because of it. Needless to say he didn't get anything from me that night."

"His loss." Joel looked up at her. "I'll make you a deal, babe. No talking about exes or past lovers. It's all about you and me right now. And I like your pussy just the way it is. Well, I would make it wetter, and I think it should have my cock in it later, but that's all I would change." To prove his point, he dove right in, burying his tongue in her snatch for a while before swabbing her clit with it.

"I like that deal," she moaned. Becky closed her eyes and enjoyed the sensation of her best friend's mouth on her clit. He would flick it with his tongue and suck on it. After a while, he gently bit it, making her back arch. Finally, he slipped a finger in her and drove her over the edge again, making her cum even more intensely than she did in the kitchen. Had she not already been lying down, she would've collapsed from the intense pleasure. "I can't believe you're single," Becky said after she caught her breath. "Any guy who can get me off like that, I'd never let go of."

"Are you saying you want to be exclusive, is that it?" Joel asked in a teasing voice.

"Let's just say I've gone on my last 'Manhunt,'" she said with a smile. "I like the one I have right here." Becky held Joel tightly and kissed him with an almost inhuman passion. 

"I can live with that," Joel said after their lips parted.

"Now," Becky grabbed grabbed Joel's cock, which was once again rock hard. "I believe you said something about my pussy needing your cock in it?"

"So I did." Joel was about to get off the bed when Becky stopped him.

"And just where do you think you're going?"

"To get a condom," he replied.

"Don't need it. I'm on the pill. Besides, how many women have you fucked bareback?"

"None."

"Which is the exact number of men Ive fucked bareback. I think we're safe." She grabbed his cock again and gently stroked its length. "Now why don't we put this fella to work?" 

Joel settled himself between Becky's open legs, took his cock in hand and pointed its head at the opening of Becky's snatch. Slowly he slid it in, enjoying her wetness and warmth. "Damn, babe, you feel good."

"So do you." She had dreamt about this for a long time, and the reality was better than anything her fantasies could come up with. Slowly he started to pump her, getting used to her feel. "I can't believe we waited for so long," she moaned.

"Worth the wait," Joel replied. He leaned forward and propped himself up with his arms. Becky grabbed hold of his ass and started moving her hips, trying to coax him to pick up the pace. Slowly he built up speed until he was thrusting his cock into her like a piston.

"Yes," Becky grunted, her face wearing an expression of intense pleasure. "Oh God, Joel fuck me hard. Oh yes! Pound my pussy!"

Joel had never had a woman talk dirty to him like that before, and it was turning him on even more than he already was. He started to feel that tingle in his cock, so he slowed down.

"No," Becky mewed. "Don't stop, Joel. Keep fucking me."

"I don't want to cum yet," he said.

"Maybe I want you to," she countered. "Besides, I'm really close. Make me cum again, baby. Please make me cum again."

After seeing the hungry look in Becky's eyes, how could he refuse? He slammed into her with more force than he did before, making her cry out in pleasure. "Yes! Oh don't stop. I'm right there, Joel. I'm right there." Becky held onto Joel for dear life and moaned in his ear. "Do it, baby. Just let it go. We need to cum so bad." Her coaxing made him thrust faster. "That's it. Do me like that! Fuck me, baby!" Becky tensed up and started to tremble violently. "Ah yes!"

As soon as Becky's orgasm hit, Joel finally reached his own breaking point. That tingle overpowered him and he shot his cum deep into Becky's tunnel. He rested his head on her shoulder after the eruption ceased. "Holy shit," was all he could say.

"I'll second that." Becky nudged his head so that she was looking into his eyes. "And for the record, I do want you all to myself. Consider yourself off the market."

"Same goes for you," Joel said with a smile.

Eventually they nodded off in each other's arms. Joel wasn't sure how long he slept, but it was good sleep. Some time later, he awoke to the exquisite feeling of a moist tongue licking the underside of his cock. When he opened his eyes he was awarded with the sight of Becky giving his dick a tongue bath. "Hey," he said.

"Hey, yourself. I woke up and you had a hard on. I couldn't resist." She stroked his cock and started to lick his balls, eventually taking one on her mouth.

"My kind of wake up call," he groaned.

"Feel up for round two?" Becky asked when she released his balls.

"What do you think?"

Becky positioned herself over his cock and gently eased the bulging head into her dripping pussy. She went for it immediately, riding Joel's cock like there was no tomorrow. It was all he could do to keep up. "I want to.....oh yes......try something with you," she managed to say.

"What?"

"I've never seen a man cum except in porno movies. I want you to cum on my chest this time."

"Ask and ye shall receive," he replied. He loved cumming on a woman's tits. He sat up and buried his face between Becky's perky breasts, kissing the skin in the valley between them. She grabbed the back of his head and maneuvered him towards one of her pierced nipples, which he happily licked.

He pulled her down on top of him and nibbled her ear again, making her moan even more. Finally, Joel grabbed hold of her ass and pumped into her as hard as he could. "Ahhh!" she nearly screamed. "Harder!" Joel did just that, his thrusts punctuated by the sound of skin slapping skin. "Yes, yes, yes, YES!!!!" Becky came, clamping the walls of her pussy around Joel's dick and shaking violently. She melted into his embrace after it was over. "I don't think I'll be able to walk when this is all done."

Joel rolled her onto her back and kissed her. "Don't worry, I'll be done soon." 

"I'm not complaining," she smiled. "I haven't gotten it this good in a long time."

Joel started to pump her slowly again, building up to the intense fucking that he knew she enjoyed so much. He sat up and rested her legs on his chest, thrusting faster. This time he didn't even try to hold back his orgasm; he wanted to see his cum on Becky's tits. "You want my cum, babe?"

"Yes," she purred.

"On those gorgeous fucking tits of yours?"

"All over me, baby!" Hearing Joel talk like that was turning her on even more. "Spray it all fucking over me!"

"You asked for it!" He pulled out and positioned himself so his cock was pointed at her chest. He stroked himself furiously until the first jets of milky white cum shot out, landing on Becky's right tit. She moved herself around so his cum would hit more of her, giving herself a more even cum shower. "Fuck," he panted when it was over.

"Not as much as the first time," Becky said in a thoughtful tone.

"What do you expect?" Joel said with a chuckle. "I mean, that was my third load of the day."

"I'm just giving you a hard time," she replied. "Now if you'll excuse me, I'm covered in sweat and spunk. I think I need a shower. You wanna watch? Or would you rather join me?"

"Yes to both questions."

Several hours later Becky returned to the apartment she shared with her friend Claire. Her roommate was lounging on the couch reading a book, wearing an oversized t-shirt and a pair of shorts. "Look who the cat dragged in," the blond said.

"I'm just here for a change of clothes," Becky replied. "I'm spending the rest of the weekend at my boyfriend's place."

Claire cocked an eyebrow. "What boyfriend? You don't have a boyfriend. Your note said you went to crash with Joel last night." The light bulb went on over Claire's head. "My God you finally did him! How was he?"

"Amazing!" Becky gushed. 

Claire licked her lips. "Feel like sharing? I'll let you watch."

"Sorry, Claire, but he's all mine."