 I stood in the motel room staring at the bed. Soon Annette would be here and we were going to fuck on this bed. I was going to fuck Annette on this bed. The thought alone drove me wild. I had dreamt about her since high school and tonight my dream was going to come true. She told her husband she was going to a banquet for work. She did, in fact, go to the dinner but she left early to meet me here. And I stood there staring at the bed.

I heard a car pull up in front of the room. I looked out the window. Yes, it was her. She came into the room and we sat and talked for a while. It turned out she was as nervous as I was. 

Soon we sat on the bed. I made the first move as I leaned over and kissed her. That was all it took. Our passions took over and we both went wild. We lay down on our sides kissing wildly, tongues searching in each others mouths. Before I could make another move she opened my pants, tore them off, and literally dove down on my cock. I was in heaven as I looked down at that sexy head of long, silky, brown hair bobbing up and down as she licked and sucked my cock, sliding it in and out of her satiny lips. Soft and slow but with incredible enthusiasm, and even better technique. 

We had talked about sex in the month or so leading up to tonight, flirting, teasing, and titillating each other. I told her I was surprised that she sucked cock. I didn't think she was "that kind of girl." She laughed at that. In fact she loved giving head. I knew this for two reasons; one, she was obviously enjoying herself right now and two, no one could ever get that good at something unless they loved doing it.

I was having a hard time (no pun intended) holding back in her beautiful, warm mouth. After about five minutes she stopped, looked at me, and, breathing heavily said, "do you want to cum in my mouth?" I just groaned a loud "oh, God." She took this as a yes and went back to work. She didn't hurry, just kept taking long, smooth, steady strokes, in and out, in and out, taking about half of my cock each time. Every seven or eight strokes she would take all of it which me moan even louder. Her hands gripped my sides and my hands gripped her wrists. Soon she brought me to that point where I knew I was there, that no matter what happened, I was going to cream in Annette's mouth. I usually shoot a big load but I knew this was going to be huge because I was more excited than I had been in years. Annette let out a soft, sexy whimper when I started leaking pre-cum. Then I started to shoot and she stopped bobbing her head but held me softly in her mouth as I coated her tongue, cheeks, gums, teeth, and throat with my cum. It was the perfect finish to the best blowjob I have ever had. When I finished shooting my load Annette looked at me and said, "oh my God you shoot a lot. I never swallowed so much cum."

She laid back along side me and gave me a few minutes to recover. Having this beautiful, sexy girl lying next to me and knowing she had just swallowed my load brought my cock up to attention in record time. But I just had to repay the favor. And, besides, I have always dreamt about eating Annette out. 

turned to her and began to unbutton her blouse. (She had been so hot to suck me off I hadn't had time to undress her). I slipped off her blouse and she took off her bra, exposing her gorgeous breasts. Annette is perfectly proportioned and I jumped at my chance to finally devour her firm, soft tits. Licking my way down her belly to the waistband of her skirt, I pulled it and her panties down in one motion. And there it was, nicely trimmed with soft golden colored hair. Annette has one of the prettiest pussies I have ever seen. She spread her legs further and held my head as I began licking her out to our hearts content. She got me incredibly excited with all her moaning and grunting and groaning, and her oohs and aahs. I really hoped I was going to be able to make her cum like this. I wanted to make her feel as good as she had I. 
Her sounds grew louder and more intense and her hips were writhing all over the bed as I slid my tongue in and out of her cunt as deep as I could while rubbing her clit with my finger. One thing I noticed about Annette that I just loved (along with everything else) was that her skin temperature seemed to be about five degrees warmer than normal. It felt like she had a fever all over. And her cunt was an absolute oven. This was it, I knew I was going to eat her to orgasm. She got louder and louder and more out of control until finally, with a loud groan she clamped her thighs around my head and came. After she finished cumming, I gave her only a short time to calm down when I crawled up to her and said "was it that good?" "It was that good," she said. 

I couldn't wait any longer, I placed my cock head at the soft, silky lips of her pussy and sank in to the hilt. A huge groan rode up from deep in her throat and out past her soft, sexy lips. As I eased in and out of her velvety hole I thought to myself, "this is it. I'm fucking Annette. I am fucking Annette. this was something I have fantasized about for almost fifteen years and here I am sliding my cock in and out of the soft, smooth cunt of the beautiful Annette." The thought alone almost made me cum. I lowered my head and kissed her passionately. 

When I stuck my tongue in her mouth I could taste my cum. This drove me into more of a frenzy and I began fucking her hard which led to her muffled moaning into my mouth. I had to slow down or I would lose it too fast. After five to ten minutes of fucking, sometimes slow and soft and sometimes wild and hard, she pushed me off of her and onto my back. She immediately straddled my hips and sank down on my hard cock. Slowly she rode me, rocking back and forth with her hands on my chest, looking at me with those intense, green eyes. After a few more minutes of this she looked down at me and said, "I came enough, now I want you to. 

This time I want you to cum in my cunt." I couldn't have refused an invitation like that if I had tried. I started bucking up inside of her like crazy while she lowered her lips to my ears and whispered over and over, "that's it baby, cum in my cunt. Don't hold back, cum in my cunt." Hold back? A baseball bat over the head couldn't have held me back. Finally, I thrust up, lifting her off the bed, trying to get as deep inside her as possible and started spraying her sugar walls with my cum. I don't know how long I held us there as I unloaded in her, giving as much cum as I could, it felt like days. At last I slumped back down and Annette slid off my cock and lay in my arms for about twenty minutes until she had to get ready to go. She was supposed to be home from the banquet by ten. We showered together and she slipped out the door, into her car and was gone. And I was left there standing in the motel room staring at the bed.