 I realize that is a strange title for my story, but it fits. Allow me to elaborate. My name is Wendy. I am 26 years old and I am married to a man (Jim) old enough to be my father. You might think I married him for his money (he owns his company and does very well for himself) or that we first got involved because he is my boss (well that part is true) but the real story is we are madly in love with each other and despite his age, he doesn't act it.

When I graduated from high school going to college really wasn't in my plans. I didn't like the idea of having $100,000 in debt and I really wasn't that motivated to continue my studies anyway. I was a high school cheerleader and my plan was to find a hot guy to settle down with to support me. Don't hate me for that. I'm actually a nice person. It's just that I am beautiful and I learned early in life to use that to my advantage. As an athletic blonde I could get almost anything I wanted with a smile, a wink of the eye and if it was something extra expensive, a blowjob or two. To me sucking a cock was never a big deal. I actually loved the feeling of control it gave me over a guy. They are always so cute right before they cum and are very willing to agree to most anything I suggested. In a fairytale you have to kiss a lot of frogs to find your prince. I learned modern girls need to swallow a lot of cum. 

I got a job as an admin worker drone at Jim's company. Sure I thought I deserved a better position, but I quickly found out a high school diploma meant I had to take what I could get. I didn't work for him directly. Since he was the CEO I actually didn't see him that much. I was assigned to a group of 5 sales guys and had to help them navigate order paperwork, coordinate our demo floor for them and arrange refreshments for meetings. It was pretty mindless work but the pay was enough for me to afford a small apartment on my own and have a little disposable income. 

The sales guys were of course extroverts and were always teasing and flirting with me. Going out after a deal closed was the norm and it wasn't long before I ended up drunk at a bar with them. I'd always believed "fishing off the company pier" was a bad idea but that night I ended up sucking off the guy who closed the deal in the alley behind the bar. OK, it wasn't a good career move, but I always get horny when I drink, I didn't have a boyfriend at the time, was missing having a cock to call my own, he was good looking and his cum was very tasty. When we walked back into the bar I could still taste him on my lips and I know the other guys saw me straightening out my tiny, curve hugging dress. Yeah, I know they all wanted me.

Thus began my sales incentive program. Close a deal and that night at the bar, get your cock sucked. It wasn't long before all 5 sales guys had filled my belly with yummy spunk and their team sales figures were the company. I'm sure stories went around the office about my extracurricular activities, but I didn't care. I didn't plan on working there that long. I'm also sure my reputation got me an important promotion. One that would change my life.

Jim's personal assistant was going on maternity leave and I was promoted to the position. This didn't make me popular with the other women in the office as I had not been with the company that long and was not as experienced. I got the job on the Friday of his current assistant's going away party. Jim called me into his office to give me the good news. He said he had heard I was a team player and always going the extra mile for the company. I knew exactly what he was saying without him saying it. At this point I feel compelled to tell you that even though Jim was about twice my age, he was still a very handsome man. He obviously worked out regularly and was in great shape. Given what he said about why I was chosen for the job I was a little surprised that he didn't just drop his pants right then. I have to admit I was curious about what kind of cocksman he was given the rest of his physique. The sales guys were all young and were just happy to be sucked off. Somehow I knew that the more experienced Jim would probably be more demanding. I admit the thought was very exciting. But Jim was the perfect gentleman. He opened his desk drawer and pulled out a company credit card in my name.

"You will be organizing company meetings and my travel schedule so you'll need this," he said handing me the Amex card. "I need you to be dressed more professionally than you did in the bullpen (the area the sales guys sat) so I want you to go clothes shopping this weekend. You will be the face of the company for my visitors so I need you to look the part. Tight skirts, blouses, stockings and heels are appropriate as well as lacy undergarments. You have a budget of $2,000. Do you understand?"

My head was swimming as he gave me those instructions. Actually he said them more as a command. My mind instantly flashed to his now former assistant. She was always dressed exactly as he described what I was to buy. I'd always thought she looked out of place in our otherwise informal office but now that Jim described the position as the "face of the company" it made sense in a warped way. I managed to stammer out that I understood. Jim said "Good" and headed back to the party leaving me standing in his office.

Trying to clear my head a bit I took a look around. It was the first time I'd actually been in his office. There were many framed pictures of Jim leading a life of luxury travel and adventure sports around the globe. There were also two "personal" pictures. One was of a beautiful woman and a young girl. The girl did not look like either of them. The other was of a striking young woman. She looked exotic like she was of a mixed race but I couldn't quite put my fingers on where she came from. I filed those details in the back of my head. I wanted to talk to the woman I was replacing about my new duties. Maybe I could find out about these people as well. I also started thinking about where to go on my shopping spree.

The party was winding down when I finally got to talk to the woman I was replacing. She seemed almost upset to be leaving her job saying Jim was a great boss and that I would love working for him. The woman in the picture was his deceased wife. She told me that Jim doted on her and they had been passionately married for 20 years before a drunk driver took her life. She said Jim didn't do much socially since then. I asked if the girl was his daughter and the answer was yes. He said he and his wife could not have kids so they had adopted. She wasn't sure but said the girl was some kind of French/Latin mix. She had just started her senior year in college. That explained why she didn't look like either Jim or his wife. She also had grown up to be exceptionally beautiful with the unique blends of her race.

The next Monday I arrived at the office early to get settled in my new position. I was dressed to Jim's specifications. I was wearing a light blue silk blouse, unbuttoned just enough to have a hint of cleavage from a new demi-cut bra I was wearing. I was also wearing a tight black skirt which came to about 3 inches above my knee. I chose a black thong and garter belt combination along with black stockings and pumps with a three inch heel. I knew I looked hot although I felt a little silly coming to work this way. Going out dancing or to a club, sure. I knew how to make myself desirable. But I felt like Jim was objectifying me for the benefit of potential clients. I better get a raise out of this new job. I thought it strange that Jim had instructed me to buy lacy undergarments, but I had to admit wearing them made me feel sexy. If I'd just worn regular cotton panties, I decided, would have felt weird given the rest of my outfit.

I sat down at my L-shaped glass desk situated right outside Jim's door. There was a phone and a wireless keyboard in front of a large flat panel monitor situated on the side facing away from the front of the office. Turning it on I realized I could see the security monitors on one side and have documents open on the other. It was a nice setup. I could see people coming before they got here so I'd be ready to greet them. Jim arrived soon after and called me into his office. He had me sit on a couch in the corner while he hung up his coat. Then he joined me and began running down my new duties.

They didn't seem too complicated. Really not much different from what I had been doing before. I did in fact get a raise. I noticed him looking down at my legs. I must have chosen well for my new attire. I started to have a sense of relief that I had pleased him. There was a soothing way that he talked. It was almost hypnotic and I remember feeling sexy and desired even though he never said anything inappropriate or flirty in any way. Finally he stood up and offered his hand for mine. He helped me up and then held my hand up over my head.

"Give us a spin and let's see how those new clothes look."

I felt like we were dancing as I did a pirouette under his watchful eyes. 

"Beautiful. Perfect," he said. "You're going to fit in flawlessly."

OK that's probably really an HR violation, but what the hell. I'd already gargled 5 cocks in that company so I really shouldn't complain. I did kind of surprise myself by thanking him. Where did that come from? Usually I hate when guys treat me that way. Oh well. Back to work.

Jim told me to leave his office door open. As I sat down at my desk I realized I could see him sitting at his desk. He has a very impressive large mahogany desk that has to be at least 4 feet wide and 10 feet long. It must weigh a ton. Jim looked almost regal sitting behind it. I got to work, but I found myself looking up frequently to glance at him. I had to admit to myself I found him attractive and that the sound of his voice and the touch of his hand had turned me on.

Once when I looked up I noticed he had been staring at me. I began to fidget and recrossed my legs as I tended to do when I get nervous. He didn't seem worried about being caught. I quickly lowered my eyes back onto the papers I was working on and tried to get him out of my mind. But I couldn't. I didn't dare look up but I could sense his eye boring holes through my body. I kept fidgeting and recrossing my legs. Then I realized from his position and the fact that my desk was glass he could see right up my short skirt. What a perv! I put both feet squarely on the ground with my legs tight together and looked up. He was smiling, seemingly happy that I figured out his game. I was pissed off. But something strange also happened. I'd been a little aroused by his voice and touch but now with my thighs pressed together rubbing each other slowly combined with his lustful stares had my arousal growing. What was happening to me?

Jim didn't say or do anything out of the ordinary that first day, but that didn't stop me from thinking about him. My tiny black thong was soaked all day. By lunch time I had to go to the lady's room and finger myself to keep from going crazy. When I finally got home I peeled myself out of my skirt and fingered myself again. Usually when I masturbate I take my time and let my arousal build before using a dildo or vibrator to finish myself off. Given my lack of a current boyfriend meant I needed to satisfy myself almost nightly to keep from going crazy. Today was different. I'd been fantasizing about Jim all day. I kept looking up hoping to catch him looking at me (and to look at him of course) but I didn't catch him again. That didn't slow my escalating libido though. The moment I was free of my skirt I flung myself on my couch, pulled my worthless thong to the side with one hand and plunged three fingers into my pussy. 

I'm pretty loud when I cum with a guy but not so much when I just finger myself or use my toys. But again, this was different. I yelled out "Yes, fuck me Jim" as I thrust my fingers in and out of my dripping hole over and over. I didn't need time to build to an orgasm. I was cumming almost immediately. All afternoon had been foreplay in my mind and as soon as my clit had any direct stimulation I was seeing stars. I lay on the couch making myself cum over and over again until I finally got up and sprinted to my bedroom to grab my dildo and vibrator. But I didn't slide either into my overheated pussy. Instead I dropped to my knees and while holding my vibe on high tight against my clit I slid my dildo into my mouth until the head was banging against my throat. I started to choke at the invasion. My tears were watering and my saliva was running from my mouth. The vibe on my clit had the desired effect. I have the great pleasure of usually being tough to make cum the first time but once I do my orgasms can flow like water. Wave after wave of pleasure cascaded over my body as the vibe worked its magic. I tried to speak the words "Oh God Jim fuck my face" but I could only make gurgling sounds and I penetrated my own mouth. I lost track of how many times I came kneeling on the floor but I finally collapsed from exhaustion. I woke an hour later with my vibe still buzzing on the floor, although the batteries were almost dead, and a spit soaked dildo lying next to my head. I was sore and I was tired but I felt alive. I loved my new job.

The next day I dress as professionally as I could with just a hint of sexual availability on the side. I wanted Jim to know if he wanted me he could have me. But again he was the perfect boss and gentleman and I was left to fantasize about what it would be like to be with him. I masturbated again when I got home but it wasn't quite the explosive experience it had been the day before. Wednesday and Thursday were calm and I was starting to lose interest in him. I began thinking about where I could go out Friday night and find some cock. 

Friday at work Jim had several visitors. He was working on some big deal. He kept finding excuses to have me bring things into the office and I could feel all the eyes in the room one me. It became obvious he was using me to distract the men. Here they were discussing a multi-million dollar deal and Jim figured he could gain a negotiating edge by having me parade in front of the men on some flimsy task. I always liked teasing men so it didn't really bother me. In fact I unbuttoned two extra buttons on my blouse so the top on my bra was just visible. I could tell Jim noticed although I'm not sure if the other men did.

At 4pm Jim called my desk to ask me to bring the contracts in for them. It had been a long day but apparently Jim got the deal he wanted. I was all smiles as I strutted into the office carrying the folder. I walked around to the back of his desk and bent over at the waist to set the folder down. I didn't dare look up pretending to let the guys think it was just an accident that I let them see down my blouse. I don't know if they were more surprised to see my tits or I was more surprised to feel Jim's hand on my rear end as I stood next to him bent over. I held my position a moment longer than necessary trying to determine if he was going to do anything else, but he just removed his hand and then dismissed me. 

"If there is anything you need let me know," I announced and then I walked out of the office.

My desire was inflamed to say the least. The simple touch of his hand had my pussy enflamed. I didn't bother returning to my desk. I went straight to the lady's room and into the far stall where I rubbed my clit until I came. I pictured myself bent over his desk. Part of the sales agreement was all the buyers got to fuck me. I was the middle of a client fuck sandwich as all three buyers and Jim took turns pummeling my defenseless body. It didn't take me long to orgasm. As I looked at myself in the bathroom mirror I saw my face flushed with sexual excitement. If I saw a woman who looked like that I'd assume she had an orgasm. Maybe Jim will notice and do more than pat my rear end. I returned to my desk and waited.

It was about 5:15 before the meeting finally broke up for good and the three buyers left closing Jim's door behind them. My look of sexual satisfaction had dissipated and once again I looked like the clueless secretary I had portrayed to them. They didn't know what they had missed. They said goodbye with smiles all around. My phone rang almost immediately. It was Jim.

"Oh good," he said. "You're still here. Can you come into my office for a minute?"

I hurried inside. Jim was holding two glasses of champagne once of which he handed to me. 

"Wendy, we signed a big deal. Thank you for helping."

"Oh, what did I do?" I asked coyly knowing full well what my role had been.

He didn't answer but continued. "I understand you have a special way of celebrating the closing of a deal."

I looked at him in disbelief. Obviously my history had been part of the reason I had been hired. I watched has he set down his glass and nonchalantly unzipped his pants and unbuckled his belt. He wasn't giving me an opportunity to say no. He obviously expected me to blow him. Of course I wasn't going to skip the opportunity either. I just smiled, sat down my own glass and dropped to my knees.

I wasn't sure what kind of head he wanted having never been with him before. I'd learned the particular styles of the sales guys. Two of them liked it nice and slow with more tongue than sucking. Two liked it fast and sloppy. And one guy liked to hold the side of my head and fuck my mouth like it was a pussy. I learned I liked that way more than I let him know. I didn't really like him as a man so I didn't want to encourage him, but he sported a great cock and I loved him pounding it into me. But since I'd never been with Jim I wasn't sure what he expected. His cock was impressive though. I wasn't fully erect yet, more of a half staff, but it looked thick and long. I licked my lips involuntarily and gave his dick a sweet kiss first.

I looked up at him for approval. He nodded. I began to suck him into my mouth. I gave him kind of a combo blowjob, half slow sucking half fast and sloppy with lots of hand action. He wasn't giving me much direction although I'm sure he enjoyed towering above me looking at me suck his cock. Part of me wanted to tell him to really fuck my face, but I was having too much fun trying to get my creamy reward. Finally he tensed and unleashed a torrent of spunk into my mouth. I started swallowing immediately but some still escaped and dribbled down my chin. I felt like a slut. A cheap dirty slut. But I loved it and his taste. I also knew if I touched my clit again I would explode immediately. 

But Jim didn't offer to take care of me and I didn't ask. He told me to have a good weekend and dismissed me. On the way out of the office I stopped in the lady's room again. A girl has to do what a girl has to do.

Monday morning not a word was said about me sucking off my boss last Friday. He knew I had done the same for his sales team whenever they closed a deal so when Jim did he must have assumed he got the same reward. The truth was I love to suck cock so there was no problem. All he had to do was ask. Actually I would have liked if he had asked instead of what he did. 

I had just gotten back from lunch. I was in my usual position at my glass desk allowing Jim to look at my stocking covered legs while he sat behind his large wooden desk. I was not afforded the same view of him because the desk had a solid base. It didn't matter. I liked the feeling of him staring at me and up my increasingly shorter skirts. Jim was on the phone. When he saw me he waved me into his office. I shut the door out of habit. I was going to sit in one of the two chairs in front of his desk but with another wave of his hand he indicated I should walk around the desk. As I did he spun his chair. All the while he continued his phone conversation as if nothing was out of the ordinary, except I saw he wasn't wearing any pants. Not only wasn't he wearing pants but his cock was hard and it looked like precum was already dripping down its shaft. I mocked a surprised look and then smiled. I also noticed a porn movie was playing on his computer monitor. I guess he figured why masturbate when you can have the real thing? I dropped to my knees. This time I went slow as he continued his phone call. Again he didn't prompt me about the style he wanted so I figured I would try to prolong our encounter until the call was over.
