 This story can be read and enjoyed on its own but might make more sense if you read Chapter 1 first. To get a full understanding of the characters, please read the Catherine and Jamie series.

*

After our night of lovemaking, we fell asleep on the rug in front of the fire. I awoke in the middle of the night, lifted Catherine up and put her in bed where we cuddled for the rest of the night. 

I awoke in the morning naked, with a raging hard on. I nuzzled up to her, placing my hard on in the crack of her ass and began to move my hips while I fondled her breasts. She sighed and pushed her butt to meet my cock. I kissed her neck, ears and back. My hand moved to her sex. She was already wet. Very wet. She spread her legs, reached for my cock and placed it between them.

There was no foreplay this time. No preliminaries. No urgency. Only a shared need. I entered her. We moved together. Slowly. Savoring each other. One hand was kneading her breasts while the other played with her clit. Slowly, I fondled her, rubbed her clit, made love to her. I continued to kiss her neck and shoulders. Moving together. Back and forth, in and out. Slowly. Sensually. No words were exchanged this time. Only sighs and moans. Slowly. Deliberately. Without warning we both came, together. Her cum covered my engorged cock. My seed filled her wet pussy. No screams. No cursing. Only sweet, powerful orgasm.

We arose, and showered together, exploring each other as we washed. We went to the lodge and had breakfast. Then I took her to the city to shop. I pulled into the parking lot of Fantasy Video, the Blockbuster of adult videos. Inside was one of the largest selections of porn I've ever seen, plus lots and lots of toys and sexual aides. 

Before we went to the toy section, I took her to the arcade. On the wall were over a hundred video covers, indicating what was available in the booths. 

"My god. Are all of these on screen now?" 

"Yep. Just insert a few dollars and 'channel surf' all you want." 

"How do you get through them all?" 

"If you look, everything is categorized. All of the gay stuff is together, anal, she-male, orgies, gang bang, etc. All grouped together. Just go to a certain area, and start surfing. Come on. Let's go in and enjoy some kinky stuff."

One reason I had chosen the lodge where we were staying was because of location. In my home state, porn shops have a 12 inch gap under the door so police can shine lights inside to make sure no hanky panky is taking place. In this state, we were protected by privacy laws. The two of us could legally go into a booth and do whatever we wanted as long as the door was locked, we were discreet and I wasn't paying for her "services." Just as I opened the door I noticed the girl behind the counter looking at us, smiling.

We entered, and I locked the door. Inside was a screen and a pad with numbered buttons. I put a five dollar bill in the slot and a video came on screen. 

"What do you want to watch?" I asked. 

"Oh god, I don't know where to begin." Catherine grinned. "I want it all." 

I remembered she once told me she fantasized about multiple partners. I also remembered our tryst at Monica and Marc's orgy last year. "How about a little gang bang action?" 

"Oh yeah." 

I remembered the area with gang bangs, so I went to the first. "OK, there's number one. Start surfing till you find something what catches your fancy." 

She went from video to video till she came to one with a dark haired, dark skinned angelic beauty sandwiched between two muscle bound hunks. The one in front had his hard on rubbing against her stomach while he kissed her lips. The hunk in back had his huge cock in the crack of her ass. His arms were around her and he was fondling her breasts while he kissed her neck and shoulders. All three were gyrating their hips. Three more hunks stood around her with their hands all over her body.

We sat side by side on the bench. Catherine's hands began to explore her body. She obviously liked what she was watching. I unzipped my pants to expose my growing cock and started stroking. I had a hard time deciding which to watch, the video or Catherine playing with her tits and pussy.

Just then, the woman on the video said "Somebody eat me. Please." 

The two pieces of bread broke away and each grabbed a leg while placing their other arms around her back and neck. They lifted her up, and one of the other men moved between her legs on his knees and began to lick and suck her pussy. The camera work in this video was particularly well done and we could see everything he was doing to her swollen pussy. The camera then went to her head where the other two men were rubbing their cocks on her lips and face. She took one cock in hand while she turned to the other and began to lick and kiss and suck. First one, then the other. The camera kept moving from her face where she licked and kissed and sucked with abandon to her pussy which was getting a thorough tongue fucking. Her hips were fucking the hunk's face. Her beautiful mouth was ravishing the two cocks. She was moaning. "OHHHH. MMMMMMMMMMM. OHHHHHHHHHHH. Fucking. Sucking. Licking. She pulled her mouth off of the cocks and said, "God, fuck me. Fuck me now."

I stopped stroking my cock and reached over to bring Catherine to my lap. She stood up and straddled me, facing the screen. She moved her panties aside and then lowered yourself to my wanton cock. She engulfed me with ease. We began to move together with our eyes glued to the screen. 

The next scene on the screen showed the girl riding one of the hunks while another was plowing her asshole. The other three were standing at her head, feeding her their cocks. 

Catherine said, "God, baby, that's so hot. So nasty. Just like you and Marc and that other guy last year. I still think about that night. I've never been so full in my life." 

"I remember baby. I still remember plowing your ass like that. That was my first and only time. I'll never forget it."

By now Catherine had her blouse open and her bra up, off of her tits. She was pulling her nipples like I had seen her do so many times on cam. I had one hand on her clit and the other on my balls, stroking both vigorously. We were mesmerized, looking at the screen. Fucking with abandon. 

This action went on for some time. Ass fucking. Pussy fucking. Licking. Sucking. On and on. I kept looking at the girl's face. So Innocent. So angelic. Yet so filled with lust. This girl was either the world's greatest actress or she was truly enjoying the fucking she was getting.

The scene changed again. This time the man in her ass had pulled out and she had turned around facing the camera, the one man still in her pussy. The other four were standing around jerking off or being licked and sucked like crazy. From one cock to another to another to another. Back and forth. One to another to another. Sucking. Licking. Stroking. The man fucking her was banging away, kneading her breasts, pulling her nipples just like Catherine was doing to her own. 

We kept fucking and fucking and fucking. Hard. Fast. Furious. Catherine was fucking me like a woman possessed. Moaning all the while. Playing with herself. Stroking her clit. 

Finally, the man pulled out of her pussy and shot his load on her stomach. Then, one by one, the others started shooting. Cum was going everywhere. Her face. Her hair. Her tits. All over. Shooting. Cumming. Cum everywhere. Her mouth opened and she took a load, filling her mouth. She turned her angel face directly to the camera, licked her lips and swallowed. She was literally covered in cum. She kept taking cock after cock into her mouth to get every drop. She used the cocks to take the cum off of her face and put it into her mouth.

Catherine moaned, "God damn, that's so nasty. That's just the kind of porn I love." She grinned, "That's what I watch when hubby's away." 

With that, she slammed down and her pussy tightened around my cock as she came. She bit her lip, trying to be quiet. She whispered very loudly, "Oh God. Yeah baby. Cum with me baby. Shoot your load in me baby. Fill my cunt with your cum."

That did it. I couldn't hold off any longer. With one hand on her clit and the other working my balls, I exploded. "Oh shit." I came hard. After the night before, I couldn't believe it, but I came just as hard. The orgasm seemed to last forever.

With that, the screen went blank. The video ended at the same time as we did. We sat there for a few minutes cumming down from our high, catching our breath.

Catherine spoke first. "Oh my, what do we do now?"

"Well, we can either go to the rest room and clean off or we can just straighten up and go out like this. Let things drip and run as they may and see if anybody notices. I'll leave it up to you, but I think you know how I vote."

"You're so nasty. Well, you only live once. Let's go shopping."

We browsed through the whole shop, looking at the variety of toys before we got to our destination--the dildo aisle. Specifically, the strap-ons. I looked around and noticed a number of single guys looking at us. I knew exactly what was going through their minds. I have been there. Many times I watched enviously while a couple shopped for goodies together. How I wanted to be one of those guys. Shopping for sex toys with their lovers. Now, here I was. Shopping with one of the foxiest ladies I've ever seen in a sex shop.

Catherine said, "My God. I never imagined there were so many choices. How in the world do you know which one to buy?"

"Let's ask an expert."

She flushed while I walked over to the counter. I figured the guy wouldn't know much about strap-ons, so I asked the girl if she could help us in the dildo section. She followed me over and smiled at Catherine.

She made an obvious gesture with her nose and sniffed. "My, my. It seems as if someone had a good time in the booths. What can I help you with?"

We looked at each other and grinned. I looked at the clerk. She appeared to be about 25, very pretty with blond spiked hair. She had a ring in her lower lip and one in her right eyebrow. Her arms were covered with stunning tattoos running all the way to her shoulders. She was wearing very tight leather pants with a studded leather belt. She had on a tight, olive green sleeveless t-shirt that showed off her tattoos and her gorgeous 36D breasts. I was in lust.

I answered. "There are so many choices here, we can't figure out how to get started."

She looked at me, then Catherine and said, "well, depending on who the lucky recipient is, you should probably decide what size you want first."

Catherine looked at me with an evil grin, glanced at my crotch and picked one up that was about 8 inches long and about three inches around. Again, looking at me she said, "I think this is about right."

The clerk smiled. "That's nice. That should make someone squeal with delight. OK, now that you know what size, you need to decide on type. Can I assume this is for a strap-on?" 

Catherine grinned, looked at me and nodded.

The clerk looked at me. "Lucky you, sport." She looked to Catherine and continued. "I have three strap-ons at home. The one you picked is nice and will give your partner a good time. I have one just like it and my girlfriend loves it. But I would suggest this one," picking one up with a clit stimulator on it. I was glad to see that it was somewhat smaller than Catherine's pick. "It costs a little more, but trust me, it's worth it. This clit stimulator hits me just right, as it probably will you, and it will knock your socks off. You'll both love it that way."

Catherine smiled and nodded OK.

"OK, lets pick a strap. Again, this one is a little more expensive, but well worth it. It's nice and wide so it doesn't cut into your hips while you're fuc....er, while you're working it. And the leather is very soft, so it's nice and comfortable."

She handed it to Catherine. She looked it over and nodded, smiling that evil smile I love so much.

"Is there anything else I can help you with?"

I just said we needed some good lube, which she said was at the counter. I pulled the first dildo Catherine picked off the wall, one that fit into the strap. She looked at me. I said, "Trust me. You'll love it."

We followed her to the counter where she picked out some lube. "This is the best lube we have. Water soluble and non allergenic." She looked at me and grinned, "Works very well."

I couldn't resist coming back with, "So, do give demonstrations?"

She replied, "I would, but not with you. I don't go guys." She turned to Catherine and said, "Now you, on the other hand."

I answered, "Well, I guess that's up to her, but could I at least watch?"

She turned to me and said, "Better be careful what you wish for sport. Once I finished with her, she'd never have anything to do with the likes of you again," then showed us her very long tongue with a gold stud in it.

We both flushed. I paid the bill and we headed downtown. In the car Catherine started laughing. "You're so bad. Would you have really wanted her to fuck me?"

"Hey, I was just giving a litter banter. As far as fucking her, or anyone else for that matter, that's up to you. Of course I'd feel bad if you just went out and found someone to fuck. It would really hurt and I'd probably be jealous as hell. But if it was like last year and I was involved, it would be hotter than hell. I think we have something special going here, and I don't want to blow it."

"Well, I don't either. As far as her turning me into a lez, after watching that video, I think you know I could never not want real cock." She reached over, stroked my crotch and said, "Especially yours, baby. mmmm, mmmm."

After playing around the city for a while, we had a nice dinner and drove back to the lodge. Once again, the summer night was beautiful with the moon rising over the mountains, reflecting on the lake. I couldn't wait to see her in our new toy. She went into the bathroom to change saying, "Wait right here. I don't want you to see me till I'm ready."

I stripped to my shorts, laid on the bed and turned on a pay per view porn flick. It was nothing special, nothing like what we watched in the porn shop. But it was good enough to get me up and ready--not that I needed any help. I'm always able to get it up by just thinking of our antics. All I have to do is think about how fucking hot Catherine is.

She came out. Damn, if I hadn't already been up, it would have stood at attention in a millisecond. Looking at her made me harder than I already was--like a steel rod. She was wearing a sexy red lace push up bra. Her tits are fantastic already, but with the push-up, my god, they were fine. So fine. She had a red garter belt (no panties) with black fish net stockings. And the Cock! She was sporting the seven incher like it belonged on her. She came out holding it, stroking it. Just like I would. God, I half expected it to shoot a wad of cum. 

I gasped, "Oh baby. Jesus Fucking Christ. I don't know if this is how women feel when they see a cock standing up for them, but if it is............Oh God. If I were a woman, I'd be so fucking wet."

"Well, if you consider the pre cum that's dripping out of your pee hole, I'd say you are."

She waltzed over to the bed. Still stroking it, she said, "Show me how much you like it." 

I pulled off my shorts to free my raging hard on, got on my hands and knees and crawled over to her like I'd seen her do for me. I got to her and began to rub her pussy just below the cock.

She looked down. "No, no. The cock baby. Do the cock."

I looked up. "If you had balls baby, I'd be playing with 'em. Just imagine I'm playing with your balls."

I moved my hand to her cock and started stroking it. I took hold and kissed the head, teasing it. I licked it, from her "balls" to it's head. She jumped when I licked her "balls." I got on the bed, sat on the edge and pulled her toward me. I opened my mouth and started sucking the head. Just the head. Teasing it again, just like she does to me. I remembered Marc's cock. This one was so much smaller, but it was nice. I took in a little more. I wanted to get as much as I could. I pulled off and said, "God baby, now I know why you like to suck cock so much." I went back to sucking, taking as much as I could. I wanted to deep throat, but couldn't loosen my throat enough. I sucked. Up and down. Back and forth. My hands went to her ass. I wanted her to fuck my mouth, just like I've done to her. I pulled off. "Fuck my face baby. Fuck my face." I went right back to sucking. Up and down. Back and forth. I couldn't get enough. I wanted it all. I wanted to suck her big, hard, beautiful dick. 

She started working her hips, fucking my face. 

Catherine said, "Oh God. She's right. The clit stimulator is wonderful. It is hitting me just right."

She started fucking harder. Fucking my face for all its worth. Fucking my mouth. Fucking me hard and fast.

"Oh God baby. Suck my cock. Suck it hard. Take it all baby. Oh God, you're actually going to blow me to an orgasm. Keep it up baby. God, suck it. Suck it. Oh God, suck it hard. It's working baby. It's really working. Oh God, I'm gonna cum. Oh God. Oh God. If it was a real cock I'd blow a load in your mouth baby. Ohhhh Shiiiitttt."

She grabbed my head and tried to shove her cock all the way down my throat. I don't know how I did it but I managed to take it without choking. She was all the way in. Her pussy exploded all over my chin and down my chest. She was cumming hard. All over my face. It was as if we had changed rolls. I was her. She was me. Cumming all over my face. My mind was reeling. 

She pulled out and collapsed on top of me, shoving me onto my back. Her spit covered cock was right next to mine. She was moving her hips back and forth, rubbing her cock against mine, fucking my stomach. Working the clit stimulator. Still cumming.

She finally stopped. She raised up supporting herself with her hands. "God, that was hot. I haven't cum like that in years."

I turned her over, got on top of her and grinned. "Turn about is fair play baby. Clean your cum off of my chest." 

I lowered my body to her and she started licking.

"Be sure to save some babe. I want a taste too."

She took a final lick, opened her mouth and pulled me down for a hard, passionate kiss. Sharing her cum with me.

Still kissing passionately we wrapped our arms around each other tightly, holding each other. Her hips were still moving back and fourth, as were mine, our two cocks touching. I looked down, "That's not fair. When I cum, I can't stay up like that."

"Oh, you don't do that bad baby. I've seen you after, and it stays up pretty well."

"Yeah, but I need help keeping it up, which you provide very well, by the way. But you. Look at you. I'm jealous."

"Well, speaking of being hard, how about you? Are you going to do anything with that hard on you have?"

"Oh babe. I want to fuck you so bad, it aches. But we bought your cock for a reason. As much as I want your pussy, fuck me with that thing. I need to find out what it's like...how it feels. Take my virgin ass."

She kissed me and reached over to the night stand for the lube. I put my hand out and she squeezed out a generous amount. I started rubbing it all over her cock, intentionally stroking it to work the clit stimulator. 

"My God, that thing hits just right. I don't know how they figured it out, but God love 'em. Ohhhhhhhh."

I kissed her and put some lube on her hand. "You do my rosebud baby. Let's see how well your stimulator works while your fucking my brains out. Damn, listen to me, I've never had anything like that up my ass before and I'm already talking like an ass whore."

I got on my hands and knees and started wagging my butt. When she began to spread the lube on my rosebud, I jumped.
