 I smell the soap before I hear the water, and my pace picks up as I move towards the bathroom with purpose, my clothes leaving a trail in my wake.

I see you through the fogged shower doors, standing with your arms braced against the wall, the water pouring down over your head. I stop and stare for a moment, taking in the lines of your body, from neck to hip to foot. I smile and the pulse of awareness increases with each breath I take and my nipples pebble from heat instead of cold.

I quietly slide the glass door open, then step into the steamy air and shut the door behind me. I move up behind you, and you tense just a bit as my hands slide over your naked back to rest at your sides. I murmur reassuringly, and you quickly relax, pulling my hands around your front until my naked breasts are pressed against you and my arms are wrapped around you.

I lick beads of water off your spine, my hands caressing a path down your stomach to your groin. I sink my teeth into your shoulder, one hand squeezing your hardening cock, the other gently massaging your balls and your hips flex into my hands in invitation, so I continue to bite and kiss wherever I can reach while my hands stroke and squeeze and caress under the warm spray of the shower.

I step back, turning you to face me and the water jets over me in an unexpected rush, blinding me and choking me all at once. I sputter, wiping water from my eyes and I hear your quiet laughter as your hands cup my face and pull me in for a kiss. I feel you smiling against my mouth and, though I try not to, you end up nibbling on my smiling lips as I blink water from my lashes.

I pull back a bit then press myself fully against you, thigh, hip, breast. I raise myself up on my toes, my hands on your wrists holding me steady as I use my lips and teeth and tongue to show you what I want and you sink into me, letting me take and take until I'm shivery and breathless. I feel you pushing into my stomach and I pump my hips, rubbing myself against you again and again and again, drinking in your urgent sounds of arousal.

I step back, pulling you just out of range of the streaming water, then drop to my knees in front of you, taking you into my mouth without much prelude, my hands gripping the curve of your ass to pull you closer. You draw in a harsh breath, your hands moving to rest on my head, and I take you in deeper, until my face is pressed against your lower stomach and the end of you pushes against the back of my throat. I moan around you, my tongue stroking as you harden and lengthen in my mouth, and I move a hand from your ass to the base of your cock, gripping firmly and pumping in time with my mouth.

I love to suck your dick. I love the taste and smell of you and the guttural sounds you make as I take you between my hot, moist lips. I love how you thread your fingers through my hair and hold my head so you can better fuck my mouth. I love your moans and groans and musky hot scent and how you shake and curse as I swallow you down my throat. Just thinking about it makes me hot, and the act itself makes me wet and aching until I'm squirming at your feet, my hips rocking as I suck and lick and tease.

And that's how I am right now, moaning and whimpering as I work you over. I can feel how slick I am down there and I squeeze my legs together, my breath catching in my throat as I pull back from you, panting. I lick my lips, smirking in satisfaction at the trail of red lipstick I've left on your body and I can't help but laugh a bit at the picture I must make, soaking wet, lipstick smeared.

You reach for me, but I stop you with a shake of my head. I wrap a hand around your cock then lean forward and nibble and lick your balls before taking one into my mouth, sucking gently. I give the same treatment to the other side then lick you from base to tip, my tongue fluttering over you before wrapping my lips around you and taking you back into my mouth. You lean your upper body agains the shower wall and I peek up at you, eyes wide, lips stretched around your dick, and the look in your eyes is feral and the ache between my legs deepens until it's almost painful.

I tear my gaze away from your face, my hands and lips and tongue working over you, slowly at first, teasingly, until you finally tangle your fingers in my hair insistently. I swirl my tongue around the tip of your cock and you jerk against me, so I do it again and again and again until you curse and pump in deeper.

I bob my head, my lips and tongue sliding over you as you thrust into my mouth. I swallow you down then pull back only to take you in again, my motion smooth and rapid and gaining momentum and I feel the tension building in your body, feel the slight shake in your legs, the twitch if your cock in my mouth and I suck harder, take you deeper.

Your hands tighten in my hair and I open my mouth wider, reveling in the insistent thrust of your body and the guttural moans emitting from within you. I want to touch myself, but don't want to let you go, so I tighten my grip on your cock, renew my efforts to push you over the edge. I feel how close you are, smell it and taste it and I relax into you, letting your hands on me guide me into the fast rhythm that best pleases you.

I hear your already ragged breathing becoming more erratic, feel your tempo falter as you start to lose it and excitement builds in me, overflows. You moan, loudly, then you're pulling me off of you, and I lean my upper body back, my hands pumping your cock as you come on a curse, semen spurting across my breasts and collarbone in a hot wash.

You're gasping above me, one hand braced against the shower wall, the other still fisted in my drenched hair and I smile smugly to myself as I sit back and await my turn.