 John Albertson's body stiffened as he ejaculated into the sheets. He licked his lips and felt something wet against them. His eyes fluttered open and he started to lift his head, but the gentle touch of a woman's hands pulled his face back to the warmth and moistness under his lips.

He closed his eyes and inhaled deeply, drawing into his nostrils and down into his lungs the pungent sexuality that he knew to be a woman's pussy. This is a wonderful dream, he thought to himself as he let his tongue wander around the soft warmth of the soft yet firm thighs of his dream woman.

Ummmmm, he murmured to himself, this is very nice. I hope I never wake up. He lifted his hands from his side and let them wander up the dream woman whose thighs held his head. So soft, so warm, so full of life, he thought, as his hands moved upward until they encountered the firm mounds of a woman's breasts.

He fingered the nipples of his dream woman and felt them stiffen. As he caressed these firm breasts the dream woman took in a sharp breath and as she did, she lifted her hips and thrust her pussy against his mouth. The gentle hands on the back of his head pulled his face more deeply between her thighs and her dream voice told him. "Yes, baby, fill mommy's pussy with your stiff tongue. Lick my clit and make me cum."

John's cock came back alive at the sound of this sweet voice urging him on. He opened his mouth and sucked at this dream pussy and his cock jerked against the sheet when he felt the warm, soft, moist lips of this dream pussy filing his mouth.

He licked and sucked at these outer lips, savoring the soft, rubbery, sensuality of a woman's sex. Eagerly, he thrust his tongue forward past these guardian lips and into the hot inner world of this dream pussy. His cock jerked and dripped precum when he felt the walls of this tight pussy grab his tongue, grab it and pull it, and squeeze it. 

The hands on his head pulled more urgently against the back of his head, holding his mouth against this hot pussy even more tightly. "Yes, baby, fuck mommy's pussy with that hot, hard tongue of yours. Make mommy cum."

John felt lightheaded as he thrust his tongue in and out of this hot, grasping, demanding dream pussy. He breathed with difficulty, his mouth jammed against these hot vaginal lips, his nose buried in the soft folds of the inner lips of this dream woman. He sighed as he felt the body of this dream move against his mouth, fucking his tongue, rubbing against his face, and then going rigid.

"Yesssss, baby," he heard the voice hiss. "Hold your tongue inside me. I'm cumming now."

John did hold his tongue inside this quaking pussy, letting its soft, moist, clinging walls pull and squeeze and suck his tongue until he felt as if his entire head would be drawn into this orgasming vagina.

The dream body's thighs opened slightly and the hands now caressed his head. "That was great baby," he heard the voice mummer. "You are so good. The best."

John pulled his tongue from this wonderful place, letting the hot juices of the dream woman's cum fill his mouth. He sucked I down and licked all around the fold of this pussy, savoring each drop as he drew it down his throat.

Instinctively, he ran his tongue upward between the outer lips of this delightful dream pussy until he found the clit he knew would be there. The dream body jerked as he put his mouth around this most sensitive part of a woman's anatomy. The hands pulled his mouth once again against this soft, yet stiff piece of wonder.

"Oh. Yes, baby, make me cum again as only you know how. Lick and suck my clit baby. I'm all yours."

And John did until the dream body spasmed uncontrollably under his eager mouth. "That was so good, my love, soooo good." The voice above told him as he licked and sucked at her, once again lapping up and drinking down the copious flow from the dripping vagina.

The hands pulled at his shoulders now, urging his body upward until his face was between those wonderful mounds tipped with stiff little strawberries. His mouth opened and he drew one and then the other soft, yet firm mound into his mouth, his tongue licking at the stiff nipple.

Those soft, loving hands caressed his cheeks as he nursed at these breasts. And then the voice, more loudly this time, filtered through his dream. "I don't know what got into you, John, but that was wonderful."

He opened his eyes for the first time and looked at his wife's smiling face. His tongue licked around the nipple under his mouth and he came fully awake.

His wife's hands pulled his face to hers and she kissed him passionately, her tongue probing his mouth, lips alive with sexual promise. Her hands roamed over his body until they found his manhood, hard, ready.

She pulled her mouth from his. "Baby. You can wake me up that way any time you want to," she told him as she kissed his face over and over.

John shook his head, his mind flitting back and forth from dream to reality. "I had a dream that I was having sex with this really wonderful girl and I guess I had a wet dream. I haven't had one for years. And then I found my face between your thighs and thought this was part of the dream."

Sandra Albertson fingered his dripping cock. "Well, baby. I hope you saved a load for me because I need this tool of yours inside me. You have warmed me up and now it is time for the finale."

She pulled the head of his cock to her still moist pussy and thrust upward with her hips, impaling herself on his tool. Soon they were in synch, fucking each other slowly, the way they liked it, making it last until they were both ready to explode.

"Now, baby, fill mommy with your cream," Sandra told him as her hands on his ass pulled him deep inside her."

His balls emptied his hot semen into her anxious pussy as she orgasmed. They held each other through the slowing vibrations of their mutual cum. 

John's cock began to shrivel as the last of his seed dribbled into her pussy. "No you don't," Sandra said, as she used her talented vaginal muscles to massage his cock until it was once again ready.

John kissed her as she pulled her hips down, letting his hard meat pull out from her pussy until only the tip remained inside. She lifted her hips as he dropped his until he was once again buried inside her.

He fell against her after they orgasmed, kissing her neck and ear, licking at them tentatively, lovingly, enjoying the moment they shared after sex. 

Sandra's fingers caressed his head and cheek as she accepted his love. Sandra, her voice dripping with the sexuality she felt, low, husky, full of sexual promice, whispered softly. "Ummmm, baby. You are so loving but if you keep that up I'm going to want your tongue somewhere else and once I get your head between my thighs I may keep it there for a long time. You know I love to cum and cum so don't tease me."

John caressed her breasts, tweaked her nipples, and then ran a hand down her firm body until he found her matted pussy, full of his and her cum. He parted her lips with a finger and ran it up and down her wet slit.

Sandra moaned softly as she raised her hips, pulling his finger inside her hot pussy. Her passion rising she pushed his head away from her neck and pulled his mouth to her breasts. "Suck me baby. Lick my tits, bite my nipples, make me cum again."

She did cum, her juices running down his finger and between the crack of her ass. Her hands now pushed his head downward, downward until his mouth was once again pressed to her hot, eager, demanding outer lips. 

He looked up at her, past her flat tummy, her firm breasts tipped with those delectable nipples. He licked his lips as they looked into each other's eyes.

A smile filled Sandra's face as she tightened the grip her thighs had on his cheeks. She licked her lips lasciviously as she held his eyes in her gaze. "Yes, baby, make mommy cum as only you can. Love my pussy baby, love it the way you like to love it. Make me cum and cum. I'm going to cover your face with my cum."

And he did and she did until they were both exhausted. They showered and changed the sheets before they crawled back into bed. Sandra hugged John to her as she kissed his face and neck. "I love the ideas you have for making love, John. That dream idea was out of sight."

John stroked her body with a free hand. He couldn't keep his hands off the body of his lovely young wife. There was no way he could get enough of her, touching her, kissing her, licking and sucking at her.

He smiled at her as he kissed her cheeks and soft lips. "I really did have a wet dream and found myself between your thighs. I didn't know if I was awake or still dreaming but did not want to break the spell."

Sandra stroked his face and chest, a sigh escaping her lips. "You are a sweet love, my dear one. You get me excited and keep me excited. I'm so in love with you, but you better stop playing with me or you are going to find yourself dreaming again."

John grinned at her and stilled his hand. His brain wanted more of Sandra's sweet pussy but his body was not up to it. "All right, love. Another time."

And they closed their eyes and went back to sleep, each with fantasies of sexual pleasure they knew they would fulfill on the morrow.