 It's been over 30 years since I've seen Stacy. She was my first serious girlfriend when we were teenagers. A few years ago we found each other online. Since then, we've been chatting back and forth every few weeks. We're both comfortable in the lives we have led since we were together and we haven't made an attempt to see each other. We also live about six hours away from each other so travel would be a little tricky. 

A few weeks ago, she confided in me that she'd had a dream about me. After some questioning and teasing, she revealed that it was quite steamy. I tried to get more details from her but she's been fairly silent on the topic. Since she isn't providing details, I thought I'd write a story for her about the two of us meeting up in a dream. Let me know if you think she'd like it. I'd really like to hear from the ladies. How would you feel if an old "flame" wrote this story for you? 

--------------- 

You're hot! You can't sleep. You're lying in bed and your body is covered in a thin, sheen of sweat. The air in your bedroom is stagnant. You toss and turn but you just can't seem to get comfortable. In frustration you crawl out of bed, put on a thin terry-cloth robe and walk out into the kitchen. You grab a prescription bottle from the cabinet, open it up and pour two little sleeping pills into your hand. Normally you don't need them but then again, this isn't a normal night. It's the first real heat wave of the year and the central air has stopped working. The repair man gave you his personal guarantee that you would be his first stop of the morning. You look at the clock on the wall and sigh when you see that it is only 12:01 a.m. It will be more than eight long hours until you can feel relief from this intense, stifling heat. 

You close the prescription bottle and put it back into the cabinet. You grab a bottle of water from the refrigerator. You stand in front of the open door feeling the cool air licking at your skin, damp with sweat. You put the little pills into your mouth and then drink about half of the water in the bottle. You hold the cool bottle against your forehead and then against your chest. It helps relieve the heat, but only a little. You take another drink and then put the bottle back into the refrigerator. You pause again before closing the door. You loosen the belt of the thin robe, open it up and let the cool air come into full, direct contact, with your naked body. Your nipples get hard as your body chills. 

After a few minutes you reluctantly close the refrigerator door and walk back to your bedroom. You take off the robe and let it fall to the floor leaving you completely naked and alone in the dark. You sit down on the edge of the bed and quietly pause for a moment, reflecting. You realize that you're not only tired, but you're exhausted; your feeling disheartened. Your bodies chemistry is changing. You get hot at night and the urges to be with someone, in an intimate way, are sometimes overwhelming. With a sigh, you pull back the sheets and lay down. You don't cover up. You lay alone in the dark, on your back, in the nude. You close your eyes and try to let the problems of the day escape your thoughts. You hope the pills kick in quickly. Sometimes they work really well. Sometimes they don't. 

You don't know how long you have been lying there or if you just dozed off and lost track of time, but you feel yourself on the verge of waking up. Your thoughts are a cloudy haze. You know that you're in your bedroom but something feels different. The stifling heat is still there but the way the room "feels", has changed. You suddenly feel something heavy moving up onto the bed. You think it may be one of the dogs. In a panic you desperately try to open your eyes but they don't respond. The mattress sinks at your feet as if someone or something is climbing up onto the bed, quite possibly climbing up on top of you. Whatever it is, it's movements are slow and deliberate. Now you know it's not one of the dogs. 

Your mind is in a drug-induced fog. You are still not sure if this is really happening or if it's only just a dream. At first you think you should try to cover your naked body. You try to move your arm to grab the covers but the heavy object is now almost completely upon you and on top of the covers. You give up. You try to convince yourself that the possibility someone has gotten into your home, isn't really happening. As you ponder this thought, you feel the weight continue to move further up the bed; further up your body. It is now on both sides of your body. You feel as if "it" is straddling you. You try to shout or scream but not a sound comes out of your mouth. You feel so vulnerable. You're angry at the air conditioner, you're angry at the stifling heat and you're upset with yourself that you felt you needed the sleeping pills. You desperately want this nightmare to end. 

You concentrate really hard and capitalize on a brief moment of lucid clarity when you open your eyes. It takes a couple of seconds for your eyes to adjust to the dark room and the closeness of the intruder, when you see the brilliant blue eyes of the young, nineteen year-old boy that you helped become a man so many years ago. Your heartbeat quickens and you inhale sharply. The panic and fear leave your body as you slowly exhale. The young man is on his hands and knees straddling your body. His face is in front of yours. Your noses are touching. You can feel his hot, moist breath on your lips. 

You gaze into those blue eyes and memories from over thirty years ago come crashing down upon you. Your body begins to respond to the overwhelming emotion of past love. You remember the first time that you got to stare into these familiar blue eyes. At that time your intuition told you that those eyes were anxious and nervous at the same time. They wanted so much from you but they were afraid of hurting you; of going too far or of maybe even pushing you away. They were filled with the excitement of the potential "first" sexual exploration; desperately hoping for the certainty of the once in a lifetime event. 

As you gaze into those eyes, you see that they are not as bright as you fondly recall. The color is somewhat faded but you can still see the same excitement. This time though, you also see confidence, passion and desire. 

While looking into those blue eyes, you hope that they are looking back at you and remembering what it felt like to look into your deep, dark brown eyes for the first time. You hope they are still seeing an excited young woman, happy and content with the boy who you hoped would soon be sharing your bed. You're hoping he can still see how much you really want to be with him; how much you wanted him to be your very first. 

Now, you are wanting him to kiss you. You're wanting to feel a gentle kiss on your lips but you also want him to make sweet, tender love to you. In that same instant you are also wanting him to take you, to pursue you and pounce upon you like a predator. You want him to possess you. You want to give yourself to him like you did so many years ago. You both know so much more now than you did when you were younger. After so many years apart, you will both know what you want and you will both know what the other person wants and you know you're not going to stop until your desires are fully satisfied. 

As you are looking into his eyes, you become more aware of his body, straddling yours. Your naked skin feels an intense heat emanating from his mass. Wherever he is touching you, you're tingling. He is on his hands and knees, his torso hovering over yours. The weight of his upper body is held up by his hands as they press the mattress down near your shoulders. You feel the weight of his lower body as his knees press the mattress down in the space beside your legs. You feel a slight brush against your soft inner thigh. It tickles. You look down between your bodies, looking for the source of the tickle and you see that I'm completely naked. You look even closer and see a very hard shaft protruding from between my legs. It is touching your inner thigh. You can feel the intense heat emanating from my body. 

You fondly remember how good it felt to hold that hard, stiff, shaft in your delicate hand; to stroke it gently and quickly. You recall how deep and heavy my breathing would become when you would wrap your small hand around it and stroke it. You remember me panting with adolescent excitement as we experimented in that small, one bedroom apartment. You remember that the small twin bed was just big enough to hold the two of us, which was fine because we were so close. We didn't want to be separated from each other and (you smile to yourself) because you found out then that you really liked being on top. 

You fondly recall how my cock would swell and how powerful you felt when I would let myself go in your hand; releasing so much pent-up energy and passion in just a few brief minutes. My innocence and inexperience would allow you to sometimes set me off at the very touch of your hand or by not even touching me but simply capturing and engaging me in a long, deep, passionate kiss from your sweet young lips. You smile and remember that you were the first to show me so many good things. 

You look back up into those blue eyes and in the next instant, you feel my body descend upon yours; the weight pressing down upon you not in a crushing or smothering way but in a comfortable, secure way. It feels good. It feels familiar. It feels deliciously intimate. 

You inhale deeply as you feel my lips press against yours. You hold your breath for a moment and then exhale slowly through your nose. Your excitement is building. For years you thought that you would never again feel this body or taste these lips. But here I am, with you, in your bed. You're not going to let this opportunity get away from you. You open your mouth slightly and you feel my tongue slip past your lips and into your mouth. You return the gesture by pushing your tongue into my mouth. You hear me moan as our tongues, our hands and our naked, sweaty bodies get reacquainted. 

As we continue to kiss, you wrap your arms around my body and pull me tight against you. The heat from my skin pressing against your body is only matched by the intense heat that you feel burning between your legs. You wrap those sexy legs around mine as you dig your heels into the back of my legs. You moan slightly when you feel my coarse chest hair rub against your sensitive and excited nipples. You are still unsure if this is a dream or if it's real but you know that you don't want it to end.

A split second later you feel me break away from the kiss. Immediately, you feel like a bubble has burst. Maybe this dream is coming to an end. 

You're relieved that this is not over when you feel me kiss and nibble on your chin, your jaw and down your slender, sexy neck. With both hands, you grab the back of my head and guide my mouth to your extremely sensitive breasts. You close your eyes and feel my hot, wet tongue slip over your hardened nipple. You feel my warm, moist breath on your skin and then you feel the wetness and the warmth of my mouth as it engulfs your breast. I begin to suck and nibble on you, feasting on your tender body. You feel my teeth slightly graze your sensitive skin. Running your hands through my hair and across my shoulders, you moan and whisper a simple yet sensuous , "Yessssss", as you gently scrape your fingernails across my skin. 

You are breathing heavily as you continue to tousle and pull on my hair, guiding me back and forth across your chest from one breast to the other. You spread your legs wide and wrap them around me. You run your legs up and down my body, from the back of my knees to the small of my back. Each time your feet slips across my ass, you dig in, trying to pull my body up and guiding it into yours. You reach down, over my shoulders and dig your fingernails into my back just a little deeper. You try to pull me upward, tearing my mouth away from your breasts, so that you can position yourself just right, to feel my hard, swollen shaft slip into your inviting, waiting body. You dig deeper and try again but I won't budge. Between breaths, you tell me that you want me, you want me inside of you and you want me to make love to you, right now. But it's doing no good. You can't seem to get my attention. 

You make an effort to sit up and roll over. You want to be on top of me, to straddle my body and slip yourself over my hard cock, but again, I won't move. One more time, you get a handful of hair at the back of my head and you pull my face up and away from your amazing chest. You look into my eyes and beg me, saying, "Please. I need you, now." 

You see me smile as I slowly start to move closer to you. My wet, sweaty body slips up against yours. You feel my hard shaft graze your inner thigh as it inches closer and closer to your dripping pussy. My chest is once again rubbing your very wet nipples. As my chest rubs across yours, the fire in between your legs is now an inferno. You feel me press my lips against yours as you reach down and grab my hard shaft. Your hands are shaking in anticipation. You try to slide your body down so you can make contact with me. The urgency is driving you crazy with desire. Just as your body begins to engulf the swollen head of my shaft, you hear me whisper, "Do you trust me?" 

You're confused. You're desperately trying to get more of me inside of you and once again you hear me say, "Do you trust me? Do you believe that I want to make you feel good?" 

This time, while sliding your body around underneath me, continuing your efforts to take me, you say, "Yes. I trust you." By this time you've managed to maneuver yourself so that almost all of me is inside of you. 

You feel me slowly start to back away. As the tip of my shaft slips from the gentle grip of your hot, steamy, delicate body, you quietly whisper, "Noooo." You were so close to having all of me. But you also trust me. 

You lay there in the hot room, barely aware of the intense heat your body is radiating. I'm now on my knees and I've moved down to the foot of the bed. 

You feel my hands on your ankles. You feel the strength in my hands as I hold your legs down onto the bed. Next you feel my hands slide along the top of your legs, up to your knees. Then they slip in between and underneath your legs, to rub your calves as my hands are pulled back towards your ankles. This is done several more times with increasing force and frequency. I then slide my hands a little further up your legs and over your knees, to your soft lower thighs. Your body begins to relax a little. You haven't cooled down but your passion remains at a steady simmer. You lay back and enjoy the massage. 

Again, you feel my hands glide up your legs on the top, this time going all of the way up to your upper thigh. Then you feel me slip my hands down between your soft inner thighs and then I pull them back towards me down to your knees. This is done several times with increased force and frequency. Your breathing is getting deeper and deeper. 

At one point, I lift your right leg. I place your heel on my shoulder and use both hands to massage your upper leg. You feel my fingers dig into your soft flesh. You know that from this position I can see you. I can see every, sweet, dripping detail of your body. You smile and in return, you look down to see my hard, swollen shaft. The tip and most of the shaft still glistens from recently being inside of your body. You wish that I would move just a little bit closer and then push it all of the way up into you until my balls are pressing against your ass; but I don't. I lower your right leg and then pick up your left leg. I rest your foot on my shoulder and continue to massage that leg the same way that I did your right leg. 

After a few minutes, I lower your left leg back onto the bed. Once again I place both hands on your ankles but this time you feel my hands slowly slide up the top of your lower legs, over your knees, up your thighs to your bare hip bones. You desperately wish I would have slid my hands a little bit closer together, touching you, spreading your lips and pressing my thumbs into you. You want me to feel how hot you are, how wet you are and how much you're inviting me in. 

My hands slowly slip back down your legs and then back up. Each time, doing the same thing; separating at just the right spot and then stopping at your hip bones. The heat is creeping back in, not the heat in the room, but the heat found deep inside your body. The heat that can only be quenched by a man, especially this man. 

Just when you think you can't take it anymore, you feel me move. You are afraid to open your eyes because if it is a dream, it may be over. 

Next, you feel my lips as I gently kiss the top of your knee. You feel my hands press against the inside of your legs slowly pushing them apart. I kiss your other knee. You show me just how inviting you can be, how much you want me, by following my lead and spreading your legs even further. You feel me adjust my position, my body is now between your legs. You feel my full beard as it rubs against your soft inner thigh. You feel another kiss and then you feel my wet tongue as it slips up the soft sensitive skin on the inside of your leg. 

You've spread your legs enough so that I can fit better between them. The kisses and the licks are getting closer and closer, higher and higher up between your legs. It's driving you crazy. You reach down with your hands, grab the back of my head and pull me to you. You spread your legs as far apart as you can when you feel my hot breath on your skin at the top of your legs. My hands slip over your hips, around to your back and pulls down to grasp your nice, tight ass. 

With your hands on my head, you eagerly center my face between your legs. You're feeling selfish. If you can't have my hard cock thrusting deep into your hot body you're going to make me use my mouth and my tongue to get what you need; your desperate to use any part of my body that you can, to take you over the edge. 

You feel my hands massage your ass cheeks as my tongue slips into your steamy entrance. You arch your back and moan, loudly. My mouth is pressed tight to your body as my tongue explores your depths. I wrap my arms around your legs and hold you tight. You're now thrusting your hips as I kiss and lick you to a level of excitement you haven't experienced in quite a while. 

You let go of my head and slip your hand down your flat torso, sliding your fingers under my nose. You feel my tongue as I slide it into and out of your body. You begin to rub yourself in that favorite, sensitive spot. You feel my face nestled between your legs and then you feel my hands slide up your body to gently massage your breasts. 

You are dripping wet and breathing so very hard. You begin to feel a burning from deep within your body. It intensifies as you feel my fingertips lightly graze your sensitive nipples. You increase the pace as you rub yourself. In response to your urgency, I also quicken my pace. With my mouth covering you, I lick up and down and side to side. My hands are now covering your breasts. You feel me rub and squeeze them, occasionally pinching your hard nipples. You wish my mouth was covering your nipples but you are currently happy in the way that I'm using it to make you feel good. 

An orgasm begins to quickly build from deep within your core. You begin to moan as your urgency increases. Your hand, my hands and my tongue are working you into a frenzy. You try to delay your orgasm as long as possible; enjoying these feelings for as long as possible. With a deep breath and a loud groan you let yourself go. You are no longer in control as your body begins to thrash and shake. You haven't cum this hard in a very long time. Your stomach and leg muscles begin to burn as your body is wracked by this powerful orgasm. You grab my hair with both hands and hold my face tight to your dripping wet body. I continue to plunge my tongue deep into your body. 
