 They lay together, silently lost in thought, as the summer sun licks their bronzed bodies. He muses to himself, imagining the tale she wove to skip out of the office that day. The waves, lapping gently in the distance, sing of nature's harmony. Just another reason this small secluded beach had become a favorite retreat for the lovers. 

Shielding his eyes to look at her, he tenderly wipes the stray strands of hair from her face. She smiles softly as his finger trails down her cheek. Mesmerized, the finger follows her defined jaw line, down her neck, pausing at the pulsating artery hammering beneath his touch. A deep breath of the salty beach air fills his lungs before the finger continues its exploration.

Across the thin strap of her bikini, easily slipping it from her shoulder. Sparks of envy surge through the hand. Digits ache to grope and know her sensual flesh. "Patience", he reminds himself. The glistening mixture of sweat and oil mingle as he outlines her shoulder blades. Every moment in time seemingly paused to savor the vision of desire. Boldly his finger releases the clasp securing the thin fabric to her body, allowing it to fall free. His ears reach and grasp at the faint sigh drifting from her parted lips. Her back arches involuntarily as his finger drags slowly down the small of her back, following the guidance of the black satin t-back that teasingly makes a path to her hidden treasures.

Legs quiver in anticipation as his fingers explore her round firm buttocks. Thighs part wantonly. The finger, eliciting a soft whimper from her, continues down her leg. A playful smile dances across his lips as he allows the finger to slide to her inner thigh, only to electrify her legs as it floats down to her ankle. Then... slowly, breathlessly, the finger finds its way back up her supple golden calves. 

He no longer cares to control the overwhelming urges as his hands massage each of her legs. Kneading the firm muscles, he spreads her legs apart and settles between them. His proud manhood stands firm and sure, like a compass pointing the way home. Spreading the satiny folds of her moist flower he dips his head lower to taste her sweet nectar. Her hips push up towards the coolness of his tongue, allowing him deeper access into her flowing pool. With expert ease his tongue maneuvers in and out of her grasping muscles, momentarily snaking down to suckle the swollen pearl. 

Moaning loudly she buries her face into the soft terry towel, her long petite fingers clawing at the scorching sand. Her juices cover his mouth, chin, and nose as he drinks gluttonously at her fountain. Her body trembles, waves of ecstasy crash upon her, dragging her into a sea of orgasmic pleasure. Sensing her return from the deep depths lust he tenderly laps at her glistening thighs. Lovingly paying homage to each inch of her outstretched legs until he finds himself at her dainty toes. Dragging his tongue across the foot, he playfully sucks at each toe.

Giggling softly she stirs, rubbing her eyes. Glancing down, she searches for her lover's gaze. Sighing, she notes the setting sun, empty beach, and the rising tide lapping against her feet. 

Wet dreams...