 He swivelled over the pool, swinging his legs in the way that a small child does on a swing. Then, the hoist's ratchet clicked as it lowered him slowly into the pool. The warm water first wrapped around his ankles, and then slowly crept up his legs, groin and then body, bringing instant warmth to limbs that suffered from poor circulation.

"Just another boring hydro session", he thought. A necessity to be endured if his health wasn't to deteriorate any faster than its present rate.

The physio, Lisa, approached slowing, wading awkwardly through water up to her chest. Tom barely noticed her as she helped him slip on snorkel and goggles so that he could begin his swimming. He flopped off the hoist's seat into the water and began swimming his first length, face down.

Swimming was dull, dull, dull. His amoeba-like breast stroke propelled him through the water at something approaching a snail's pace and this left plenty of time for his mind to think of other things.

At least this week's physio was young and shapely. She was about 5 foot, unusually small for a physio, with long brown hair tied in a pony-tail. Her curves were well defined through the thin material of her royal blue swimming costume. He guessed that she must be about 25 and therefore newly qualified. 

She was lent to his right on the side of the pool talking with the patient who had just finished their session. Tom admired her buttocks from his excellent vantage point under-water, watching as she shifted her weight onto her other foot.

One hand moved down to adjust the elastic of her swim-suit between her legs. She gentle rubbed herself for a few moments before her hand returned to the side of the pool. He wondered if she realised how good his view was and felt himself stiffen slightly before the sight disappeared behind him as he proceeded down the pool.

His remaining 6 lengths passed with little additional excitement. Several brief glimpses of thigh and crotch as she moved around him in the water to prepare the pool for his exercises, but nothing of the calibre of the previous elastic episode. He surfaced to begin his physiotherapy. 

Lisa shifted a canvas and metal frame into the swimming pool, slinging it from the rail attached to the side of the pool. She boosted him onto it and then adjusted an inflatable pillow under his head.

"The usual sir", she joked with him. He knew full well that she would have had access to his notes and be fully briefed on his disability and exercises. He smiled and nodded agreement.

She started manipulating his ankles. Performing small circles with his foot, first one way then the other. Suddenly, a loud click came from his left ankle. Just a few bones settling in their usual place and nothing unusual, but he could see that Lisa was worried. He was right... newly qualified.

"Might as well milk it", he thought, screeching in mock pain. Looks of guilt and words of apology were quickly forthcoming from the physio and she suggested that he undergo the jet-stream.

Tom enjoyed the jet. A high-pressure water hose which could directed at the body underwater to massage sore joints. He agreed to undergo this treatment, knowing that the forceful kneading of the jet would relieve his stiffness.

Lisa manoeuvred him to the deeper end of the pool and turned on the pump. The high-pressure hose needed handling firmly or it would rise out of the pool like an angry snake, flailing around to drench everything in water. Lisa's inexperience and lack of bulk failed to provide sufficient anchorage and the hose flicked out of the water before she could halt its progress with a quick snatch at the pump switch.

Tom laughed loudly, promptly finding his mouth full of water as Lisa momentarily dunked him for his lack of sympathy.

"You're not helping much" she remarked, "but then what could a cripple like you do anyway?".

Tom immediately realised that she must have read his notes in a great deal of detail. Such a comment would offend most, mortify many, but to him it was just a statement of fact. He was a cripple, pure and simple. Incapable of performing many of the basic tasks needed to sustain life without the assistance of others. His disability was a thing to be laughed at and his views must be in his notes for all to see.

"That's for me to know and you to find out!", he replied in a suggestive way, grinning at her with a dirty schoolboy smirk. "You might be surprised...".

After a few moments of jokey banter she resumed his treatment. She passed the hose between her legs, intending to grip some of its length between her thighs to gain additional control. Pointing the hose at his ankle, she flicked the start switch. Life immediately returned to the previously limp hose; its length throbbing in sympathy with the pumps reciprocating action. The relief in Tom's ankle was instant. The strong massaging of the hose moved his otherwise languid blood around his veins and he relaxed in its firm grip. Lisa directed the hose back and forth his leg, working the tired flesh back to life.

From time to time, the flow would touch his groin as Lisa failed to control

its movement fully. The effect was instant, and as expected, with Tom growing firmer every time the watery hand touched his scrotum. The thin material of his trunks did little to cover his erection and he noticed Lisa's eyes on him. Embarrassed, he closed his eyes to avoid contact with Lisa's, and concentrated on trying to make the source of his discomfort disappear.

The regularity with which the water caressed his groin increased and Tom began to wonder if she was doing it deliberately to embarrass him further. He concentrated harder, picturing images of flabby, unexciting women in an attempt to check his ever-growing erection. All his efforts were to no avail.

He noticed a change in Lisa's behaviour. The hose's aim had deteriorated still further, and her breath was shortening to something approximating to a quiet pant. It completely broke Tom's concentration and he gave in to his urges, allowing his erection to reach its peak almost instantly.

He opened his eyes to see what was going on and noticed the look of pleasure on the young woman's face. Her lack of aim was accounted for by the fact that she now had her eyes closed and that one hand was no longer holding the hose; her arm disappeared below the water line at such and angle that Tom was unable to see its destination.

Her nipples hardened further in front of his eyes, with the small button at their centre pressing firmly against royal blue material. He noticed very small movements of her obscured arm. She appeared not to have noticed his interest in her. Tom assumed that she thought that he still had his eyes closed to avoid embarrassment. Pausing for a moment, he started to image the underwater scene. Her movements, facial expression and breathing did not leave an awful lot to the imagination.

He pictured the hose between her legs, pulsing in time with the pump, the vibrations gently rubbing against her sex, her arousal as this five foot long vibrator did its work.

Altering her stance to open her legs wider to give the pipe more freedom, allowing it to vibrate more vigorously. Her hand moves to fondle her clitoris through the thin material, one finger following along her lips until it reaches the hard nub at their top. Her finger working small circles, lightly pressing against her most sensitive area through the fabric and the gusset of the costume.

Finally, she pulls the elastic leg opening of her one-piece across to expose herself, sliding a finger into her opening whilst still working her clitoris back and forth with the fleshy part of her thumb. Her breathing deteriorates to shallow panting and with a small whimper, she orgasms. She continues to work the finger inside herself for a few moments more to prolong the pleasure and then slides it out, replacing the elastic to its original position. 

Tom is snapped out of his dream by Lisa's gasp of pleasure, as what he has just imaged happening actually occurs. Her face is now flushed red with the excitement of the episode and her hand rises back out of the water to return to the hose. Tom averts his eyes from her nipples and pretends that nothing has just happened. Lisa's breathing slowly returns to normal and she turns off the pump and propels Tom back to the frame, boosting him back onto it to resume his exercises.

Taking his left hand firmly in her grasp, she said, "Let's resume with your hands and arms. I don't think I'll be able to break them as easily."

He squeezed her fingers as firmly as his weak muscles would allow and immediately felt ashamed at his strength; a small child could easily have applied more force than he could manage. He imagined Lisa's thoughts, the confirmation in her mind of how much of a cripple he was. 

Almost sensing his discomfort, she uttered a single word of encouragement, "Good" and followed this by "Your hands are incredibly soft. Have you ever done a hard day's work?" She moved his whole arm underwater to keep it warm and then suggested "keep working your fingers until they're tired". After about five minutes his grip faded to almost nothing and she swapped hands.

His right arm was his best, easily twice as strong as the left. Positioning it underwater, she asked him to repeat the exercise, uttering occasional words of encouragement. His hand brushed against her thighs underwater, but rather than moving the offending item away from her, Lisa adjusted its position until his knuckles lightly touched the fabric of her costume. 

His hand was now at the join of her legs, touching both of her thighs and her mound. The opening and closing motion of his fingers caused the back of his hand to repeatedly stroke against Lisa's thighs and costume. She made no motion to move it from his position and Tom assumed that she was still aroused after the hose. He decided to risk all for some gratification. 

He slowly disengaged his fingers from around Lisa's, without breaking contact with her body and turned his hand, such that it was now palm up. The padded part of his palm could feel the springiness of her pubic hair through the blue textile as it rested against the top of the vee of her sex and his fingers cupped around her. Adjusting the position of his hand again, he used his first and index fingers to trace the length of her, starting at her buttocks and moving forwards.

He was careful to stay at the outside of the lips, tracing along the elastic of the one-piece to tease her, to make sure that it was what she wanted. He caressed back and forth several times, always tantalizing, barely making contact with her outer lips, until her hand grabbed his and guided his fingers to the join. She started to manipulate his whole arm to entertain herself in a way she had never experienced before, guiding someone else's fingers in exactly the right way to bring her the utmost pleasure.

"No way... I'd like you to know what I'm capable of", Tom said gruffly, using all of his meagre strength to tear his hand from Lisa's. "It's my way, or no way, OK!".

It was a statement, not a question. She looked surprised, taken back by the tone of his voice and that she, the physio, was no longer in charge of the situation.

"Roll down your costume. It's in the way." She immediately complied by pulling the straps of the suit away from her shoulders and starting to roll it down. As the material moved slowly down, her small pert breasts sprung clear of the costume the moment that the erect nipples broke clear of their constraints. Her desire gave way to any attempts to be seductive and moments later the costume was around her ankles. She stood there naked for Tom to admire.

For a few seconds he stopped to look at her. Firm B-cup breasts with nipples stood to attention, her superb figure curving down to shapely hips. He could just make out the triangle of pubic hair below the water, distorted by the ripples in the water. His hand returned to its previous position. 

He touched her naked flesh for the first time with the tip of his index finger making contact with her body just below the navel. The finger delicately trailed down her body until it met her curls and then proceeded to work small circles through the fuzz, savouring their soft touch. He moved slowly down through the tight ringlets until he came across her hard nub which he quickly passed over to sink lower into her folds. She felt sticky against his skin, although the warm water of the pool diluted her juices, making them less thick than usual. Straightening his finger, he pressed it against her lips and drew its entire length along her. 

This seemed to have the desired effect. She gasped loudly and her hand promptly took hold of his, immediately releasing it as he withdrew his digit and reiterated his threat, "My way or no way!" 

Changing his tack, his arm raised out of the water and caressed her breast. The thumb made contact with her nipples and then proceeded to cycle around its perimeter. After a short time, he switched nipples and increased the pressure of his touch, occasionally kneading and pinching the nipple to elicit the desired reaction. He continued to swap breasts at regular intervals; his other limp muscled limb was unable to reach across to her.

Lisa's right hand moved down to take over where Tom's had left off, whilst her left snaked across his body and grabbed his trunks. She managed to pull them down and his erection poked free of their elastic grip. Lisa's hand wrapped around his penis, before tightening its grips to slid the protective skin rhythmically back and forth.

Tom felt his right arm begin to tire, its elevated position making his muscles work very hard. He allowed it to sink back into the water and it descended down her body for the second time to his favoured place. He touched her hand in a way that suggested she should let him take over. She obliged, taking her finger off her clitoris and moving her hand to assist the other one. He slid his finger into her now well lubricated opening and his thumb settled naturally onto her pearl. His fingers began to do their work, moving in and out whilst his thumb touched her first softly and then with firmness.

She moaned again, and her hands started to rub him more vigorously, pulling the tight folds of skin back and forth. Suddenly she stopped... had someone entered the pool area... caught them in the act? The thought of being discovered turned him on even further and he slid another finger into her and began to massage more enthusiastically, attempting to take her to her peak. 

He realised that he was mistaken as her head bowed over him and she took his penis into her mouth. Her lips curled around his rod and her tongue contacted against its tip before dawdling down its length. Her head began to bob up and down whilst her tongue flicked across his rod. One of her hand remained at his base, gripping him occasionally to enhance his pleasure, while the other hand curled under the frame to trace a nail against his scrotum.

He lasted for a very short time before the excitement of the last twenty minutes became too much for him. His active hand slowed and eventually stopped, his concentration failing as the feeling whelmed up inside him. He withdrew his fingers from Lisa and relaxed in the warm water savouring the feel of her lips and tongue on his raging hot erection. He came explosively, Lisa sensing the moment and moving her head away just in time, maintaining his arousal with only her hands. A warmth flowed through him and he grunted with relief.

As he finally finished spurting, Lisa released her hold and moved up to kiss him on the lips.

"I'm sorry you didn't come", he apologised.

"I didn't expect to, not from a cripple", she taunted.

Tom glared at her, suffering this insult for an instance before deciding to rectify the situation.

"Stand me up", he commanded.

Lisa obliged by awkwardly assisting Tom up from his reclined position. Once on his feet, the buoyancy provided by the water gave Tom some freedom.

He propelled Lisa further down the pool until they both stood in water up to their shoulders. Kissing her briefly again, his head sunk underwater and his lips latched around her nipple, sucking with all his might. He heard her groan again, although this time the sound was distorted by the layer of water above his head. He continued to suck and tongue her nipple until he lungs were burning and then surfaced rapidly for some air. His hands circle behind her buttocks and fondled and stroked her there while their tongues entwined.

Taking her by surprise, he grasped the back of her thighs and using his body weight to throw her off balance, he flipped her onto her back. Her head dipped underwater and she surface spluttering both insults and water, while her hands grabbed for the handrail to steady herself. Tom continued to rely on surprise, ducking underwater and moving rapidly forward. He surfaced with his head between her thighs, her legs resting on his shoulders either side of his face.

He buried his face into her crotch, kissing her there. His tongue curled out, flicking against her folds. He tasted her juices, salty and sweet, mingled with the bitter taste of the chlorine of the pool.

His tongue probed further into her, then lathed along her lips until it came to rest on her clit. He worked small circles there and then flicked side to side and up and down, gauging from Lisa's squirming thighs which of these movements thrilled her most. Her ankles locked together behind his head and one hand released the rail to clasp a handful of his hair.

Both actions had their desired effect, causing Tom's lips to press against her sex more firmly, his tongue to bump against her hard clitoris with more vigour. She panted, groaned, muttered and with every stroke of his tongue the tempo and volume of these utterances increased. Finally, she came. A huge gush of lubricant filled Tom's mouth and Lisa's thighs convulsed against his cheeks. She continued to pant for some time while Tom savoured the last seconds of what could only be described as his wettest dream ever!