 The hum of the air conditioner the only sound breaching my thoughts.

I lay, naked in bed. The usual type of hotel room with the usual type of hotel bed, sterile and very impersonal. White sheets, white bedspread. Tan carpets. A painting of flowers on one wall, the other a forest scene. I swear the chains buy them in bulk, I've never seen them before but they look like a hundred others I've seen on hundred of other walls in hotels everywhere.

My mind is a million miles away. My thoughts are on you. I've never really touched you, tasted or smelled you, But you've come to me a million times.

I've never heard you speak. But I know those sexy little moans and grunts you make right before you cum.

I think about watching you, as we've done before...your hand moving fast, up and down. Squeezing tight as you in turn watch me. I touch myself slowly. Teasing you as I slip my toy deeper and deeper inside me. Moving my hips in the rhythm of your hand, pretending it's you moving deep inside me.

Tonight you're coming to me. I know this and I lay in wait. My mind drifting. A warmth slowly building between my thighs as I think about your body.

You're lithe and powerful. Hard muscles with a light spattering of hair. Broad shoulders. Tight ass. I can't wait to run my tongue over your skin. To push it deep inside your mouth. Lick slowly down the length of your cock while I look up into your dark eyes. Hear your heavy breathing in my ear as you push deeper and deeper inside me. My pussy throbs. I slide my hand down slowly rubbing to relieve the pressure, but not enough to complete myself. I'm saving it for you. I want it to be from your touch the next time I cum.

The nothingness of sleep finally overtakes me. I feel you before I hear your or see you. A hard body pressed against my back. Hands on me. Roaming. A big hard cock pressing against my ass. I wake and moan, arching back against you. My hands moving over my head, half in a stretch, pushing my body back against yours. I wiggle my hips a bit, hearing your intake of breath as you cup my breasts in your hands roughly. Tugging and pinching my nipples.

You seem to know what I like, as if you can see into my mind. Your hands turn more urgent on me, almost rough, turning me onto my back as you lean down and kiss me...hard. You stroke your tongue against mine. Your hand dips between my legs. I'm almost embarrassed that I'm already so wet for you.

I look up and see you now. Your eyes drinking me in. Your hands moving over my body. Teasing me. Tormenting me. One pinching and squeezing the other dipping inside me, your eyes on me, watching me squirm. I lift my hips against your hand, my hand slides up along your torso. Lightly dragging my nails against your skin.

I feel one hand on my hip pulling slightly and I know what you want. I flip onto my stomach. Lifting myself onto all fours. Pushing my ass in the air. Offering myself to you. I turn to look at you from over my shoulder. Your hands move over my ass cheeks, squeezing me as you position yourself, the tip of your cock brushing against my wet slit.

I push back against you as you enter me. Burying your whole length in one stroke. I cry out, my hips bucking a bit at the quick invasion. My pussy clamps down on you as you start to move. Slow at first then faster with each stroke. Hitting that special spot inside me over and over again. I cry out as you hit bottom. I'm panting...moaning as my pussy gripping you tight inside me. You fill me, stretch me. Your fingers gripping my ass cheeks tight as you move harder and faster...pounding yourself into me.

My whole body moves with you, meeting your thrusts. I know I can't take much more. I'm so hot for you, so wet. My whole body shakes as I cry out. My pussy clamps down tight on your cock as I cum hard, spasming over and over, milking you. I feel my own juices running down the inside of my thighs. Then I hear you grunt and moan loud, I know your close.

Quickly I pull away from you, turning around and taking your cock in my mouth. Tasting myself on you, sucking you deep down my throat, running my tongue over you as I slide my lips up and down fast. My hand cupping and squeezing your balls. Watching your face. I take your cock out of my mouth looking up into your eyes and I stroke you as you cum. As the hot sticky fluid splashes against my face, I dart my tongue out. Catching as much as I can, tasting you. I feel it splatter across my lips and tongue, my cheeks. A low moan escapes my lips.

My eyes flutter open. I'm once again alone.

My body still humming from the knowing touch of my dream lover.