 This story is told in first person, as it is my true story.

I worked with a guy that was a few years older then me. We would talk during our breaks and such. One day I told him I had a dream about him. He asked what kind and I told him to use his imagination. He said he would have to act on it if he did. Later that day, I bumped into him and told him I wouldn't mind if he acted on it. I left him with my phone number and address. I didn't think he would show up. 

The next day he comes over. We sit on the couch for a moment and talk. Both of us nervous. We get on the subject of my bed. I tell him I have a king size waterbed. He says he's never seen a waterbed that big, so I invite him to look. Once we get in the bedroom, we start to loosen up a bit. He reached for me, pulling me to his lips. 

I can feel his body against mine. His hard cock poking me through our pants. We lay on the bed, still kissing. He pulls my shirt off and kisses his way down to my nipples. His hot, wet tongue flicking my hard nipples. He gently teases them with his teeth while his hands find the way to my already wet pussy. He takes my pants off and his tongue caresses my clit bringing me to cum. 

When I wiggled my way out of his grip I reached for the button on his pants while bringing my mouth closer to his. Finally while our tongues exploring each others mouths, I gently stroked his erection before bringing it to my mouth. He looses his breath as pleasure sweeps over him. I tease the tip of his cock with my tongue, flicking it gently before sucking him. He reaches down and plays with my pussy while I continue to suck him. When he strokes my clit, I suck harder, not wanting him to stop. He tells me he's about to cum, so I slow my sucking to just gently licking the tip of his penis. 

I want him to cum, but not just yet. I want to have more fun with him first. When I am certain that he won't cum yet, I start sucking again. He lowers his mouth to my pussy again. As he's eating me, I continue to suck his hard cock. I take all of it in. I reach my hand up and play with his balls while I suck. He moans even louder, as if he's ready to cum again. I stop sucking for a moment. This makes him look at me. Almost as if begging me not to stop. 

I maneuver my body to be on top of him. I rub my pussy over his hard cock. He inhales deeply, as if expecting me to start fucking him at that moment. But not yet. I'm still having fun. I lean down and kiss him. Then I make my way to his ears, kissing and sucking on them. Then his neck. I make my way down to his penis again. I take all of it in my mouth, suck for a moment, then look at him. The look on his face shows me that he could cum at any moment still. 

I make my way back up to where my pussy and his cock meet. I gently sit on it and start to fuck him. Both of us feel as if we could cum this instance. I start to fuck him faster, pushing my hips down farther making his cock go in deeper. It feels so good inside me. I start to cum again. He realizes this and moves his hips along with mine, this making his cock go in as deep as it can with me riding him. After I cum, I slow down. He rolls us to where he's on top. He wants to cum, but he says he wants to have his fun with me first. 

He fucks me harder, making me moan, almost scream, "God...yes...right there....fuck me harder..". He's found my weakness as he takes one of my legs over his shoulder while slamming his hard cock inside me. I come to orgasm again. He's getting close to cumming now. I reach my hand around to play with his balls while he's fucking me. As I gently hold on to his balls, he cums. When he's done, he puts me leg down and falls on top of me completely. Both of us out of breath and sweaty, spent for the day and late for work. He tells me he wants to fuck me from behind. I tell him to wait until next time and he can fuck me anyway he wants. 

That was our first meeting. We have since met 3 more times and plan on meeting plenty more times. Our meetings are sexual only, being as we are both in other serious relationships.