 James had had it installed in the backyard as a surprise for me not long ago. But between our hectic schedules and recent rains, we hadn’t had a chance to break it in. 

I have to admit I’m a sucker for sex in water. I don’t know what it is, but when I’m soaking wet, I can’t get enough. So one night, I decided that I was absolutely going to get pleasured in my new hot tub.

I set some scented candles in the living room and a bucket for a bottle of champagne, to lure him into the mood for the evening. It was beginning to get darker earlier, but it was still rather warm outside, so we’d be ale to enjoy the night.

Out by the tub I set some thick towels to bundle up in afterwards. I checked the water and felt a warm tingle rung through my entire body thinking of tonight.

Shortly before I knew James would be home, I changed into something I knew he wouldn’t resist. I slipped on a pair of white lacy boy-cut panties that rode high on my butt. Thongs are so boring. They leave nothing to the imagination. Besides, the snugness of my panties always made me feel as though James were there, cradling my bottom. I put on a matching bra, low cut so that my breasts were showing nice and full. Over top, I wore one of his oxfords with the sleeves rolled up and buttoned partly. 

I took a look at myself in the full-length mirror as I pulled my auburn hair into a loose roll to keep it dry in the tub. I always have been an admirer of the female body. I was very please with myself tonight. I began to imagine the long night of passionate sex I was in for and felt that same jolt of arousal. Warmth began to radiate from between my thighs and my breasts began to swell with lust. 

I began to roll my fingertips over my nipples as the warm from my thighs turned higher and wetter. I wanted James to smell my arousal, knowing how it turned him on so. I forced myself to stop and went downstairs to finish preparation. 

From the kitchen I took the chilled champagne and set it in the bucket. I lit the candles, turned on some soft music and stretched out on the sofa.

I completed everything just in time to hear James entering from the foyer. “Skylar? Where are you?” I looked at the window. It wasn’t quite dark enough yet, so I’d delay him in the living room before heading out back.

I didn’t respond, knowing he would soon hear the music and smell the candles. I sat back and smiled, as his heavy footsteps came down the hall. Soon he stood in the doorway and saw me surrounded by the soft glow of candlelight.

“Surprise,” I said coyly.

He raised his eyebrows and smirked as he strolled into the room, his hinds in his pockets. “Well, well, well. What have we here?” He stood before me, looking down at me on the sofa. 

I rose onto my knees and wrapped my arms around his neck. “I wanted to have you all to myself tonight,” I answered. I began to gently kiss him, feeling his soft, full lips against mine as I slipped my tongue in between. I love to kiss him. His mouth felt firm behind the soft lips, forceful yet submissive. 

He circled his arms around me, drawing me closer. I melted against him as I nibbled on his lower lip, sucking it gently. I ran my fingers along the back of his neck, through his hair and back down over his earlobes. He squeezed me tighter, as his tongue probed my mouth, drinking me in.

Reluctantly, I pulled back enough to look him in the eyes. “How about you get more comfortable while I pour a drink?” I said as I ran my finger along the outline of his mouth.

“How comfy should I get?” he asked as I felt his hand sliding down my hip to my rump. 

I kissed him again. “As comfy as you want, because it won’t be on long.”

He winked and let me go. I sat back down and opened the champagne carefully as James began to strip down. He dropped clothing left and right until he was standing before me only in a pair of well-fitting briefs. I couldn’t help but stare at the bulge in front. He wasn’t hard, yet. He had amazing self-control.

I handed him a glass as he sat and leaned back. I climbed over him, glass in hand and leaned down to kiss him again. “All day long,” I began as I kissed his lips, “I’ve been plotting this.” I moved down to his chin. “And now,” I added as I licked the bit of stubble on his jaw, “I’m going to have my way with you.” I began to kiss the soft flesh where his jaw and neck met. I bit gently and sucked.

“Here’s to being had,” James said, raising his glass. We clinked glasses and downed our drinks. We placed our glasses on the table, and began to kiss deeply. 

I ran y fingers through his thick mane as his hands wandered over my body. I bit his earlobe as he raised my shirt from behind, caressing my rump. I could feel the thickening in my groin against my thigh and returned my mouth to his. I kissed him, his mouth pressed hard into mine. He reached back up and began to unbutton the oxford. As he undid the last button, we broke out kiss as he stared up at my body.

“Oh, God, I love you,” he said running a hand over my breasts, tweaking a nipple. He grabbed my hips and pushed me, a signal he wanted me to lay back. I obliged, as he climbed onto me, spreading my legs. He nestled himself between my legs as he continued to harden. I smiled, imagining his long, thick cock breaking from the confines of his sung briefs and splitting the flimsy lace of my knickers. 

He smiled down at me, caressing my face. I ran my hand over his sexy chest, circling a nipple with my fingernail. He shifted downward and began to lick my nipples through my sheer bra, grinding his belly over my pussy through my panties. I felt the wetness building down there and groaned, rubbing the back of his neck. I took one of James’ hands and slid it down between my thighs, running it over my hot pussy.

He smiled at me as he peeled down one of my bra cups and began to suck at my pert nipple. Knowing what I wanted, he eased aside the crotch of my panties and ran a finger over my lips below. 

I gasped, pressing against his hand while still massaging his neck. He released my nipple from his lips and smiled again. “Is this what you wanted?” he taunted me.

“Yes, baby,” I moaned. He ran his finger along my moist slit, flicking his tongue at my nipple as I bit my lip.

James sat up and reached down to pull off my knickers. He slid them down to where he sat at my knees and I bent my legs so he could get them completely off. Naked from the waist down, I threw one leg over the back of the sofa and allowed the other to dangle down the front. I lay before him, spread open obscenely, one breast exposed.

He ran his hand over my trimmed mound and a finger down my slit. He closed his eyes and inhaled my scent. I gently moved his hands to my thighs, squeezing them to signal to him not to move them.

I reached up to fondle my exposed breast with one hand as I spread my wet pussy open with the other. I rubbed my clit with one finger as James stared fixated. I felt the early building of a wild orgasm and stopped, slipping a finger deep into my slippery snatch. James sighed with delight. I beckoned him down to me.

He leaned back down towards me as I pulled my finger out. I raised my hand to his lips and he sucked the wet juices from my finger. I licked at his lips as he released my finger and began to kiss me. He moved down my body, suckling my breast, circling my bellybutton with his tongue and down to my hot pussy.

He nuzzled at my slit with his nose, inhaling me deeply. He licked along my slit, slipping his tongue in to savor the juices that had begun to flow. As he licked, he placed his hands on the outer parts of my thighs to draw my legs closer together. He loved how tight I was as thrived when I was even snugger.

I raised my legs, resting them on his back as he raised his head slightly to lick at my hard clit. He slid a finger into my pussy as I moaned. He teased my clit, knowing that it was the build that drove me insane with desire. A second finger joined my cunt as they both snaked their way to my g-spot.

James licked and probed, drawing me closer and closer to a climax. My moans became higher as I gripped at my shirt, trying to hold back from cumming. “Not yet. Not yet.” I moaned. “Oh, oh, Jamie! Oh, baby!”

I bucked against his mouth, eager to cum yet wanting to please him. I groaned, realizing that I wanted to take him in the tub. I finally cried for him to stop, just before reaching my climax. He reluctantly stopped, but not before licking me clean on the outer lips.

I sat up and kissed him, tasting my juices over his face. I shed the oxford and unhooked my bra, removing that too as we kissed before I pulled away.

“What’s going on?” James asked, as I stood up before him naked.

I grabbed the glasses from the table and began to go around blowing out candles. “I’ve been dying to fuck you in the new hot tub,” I replied. I blew out the last candle and turned to look at him. “Get the bucket and bottle.” I turned, and began to make my way out to the back.