 The ancient, dusty cobweb expanded as the warm air tugged at its weakened skeletal fabric. A rumbling swelled within the confines of the underground station; a roaring sound interspersed with the 'click clack' of steel wheels hammering onto the next section of track. Like a bullet from a gun the train burst from the dark tunnel. The brakes squealed piercing the air.

The early morning travelers braced themselves for the onslaught to find a vacant seat.

Jason Faraday waited patiently. At twenty nine he had matured into a man of rugged appearance whom some would have called 'an Arnie look alike.'

Although, unlike Arnie's character, he was wondering if today he'd pluck up the courage to speak to his 'dream girl.' He'd seen her every Wednesday morning, for the past two months, traveling into central London. Standing impassively on the edge of the swelling crowd, his muscled physique unconsciously restrained the surrounding travelers from boarding first. 

She was there, wearing a lightweight, pale blue, summer dress with a high collar. The blue matched her eyes. Her coiffed fair hair allowed the air to cool her pale neck. He guessed she was in her mid twenties and a slender five foot eight inches.

The doors opened, disgorging a gruff looking, pin stripe suited, middle aged executive. Jason stepped inside and sat down opposite her. She did not appear to look up at him but continued reading her magazine.

The train doors 'shushed' and closed. The train lurched forward and stopped. There was a moment's pause.

Was that a glance in his direction?

The train rolled forward then jerked into motion. The young man standing slightly to his left was caught unawares and quickly tried to grasp the handrail above him. He collided with the woman beside him. His foot ground onto Jason's own.

"Sorry, sorry," he blurted effusively, trying to grab the rail and re-orientate his body and briefcase.

Over the top of her magazine she smiled at Jason. His heart leaped. He smiled and leaned forward.

"Traveling at this time of the day has its drawbacks," he said to her. "Unfortunately, I've got to be in the office for an important meeting. Do you need to be somewhere early for financial reasons as well?"

Before she could reply the carriage lights went out. The darkness collapsed in on their thoughts as there followed a tremendous bang and grinding metal mixed with shattering glass.

Silence.

Jason awoke to a black stillness. He had a thundering headache. He was aware that his body was bruised and that he probably had a broken left leg. The softness beneath him must have prevented further injury. He tried to move but found he could not.

It was then that the 'softness' beneath him moved and groaned.

The warmth from the person's moaning heated his groin and their head movement made his cock twitch.

'Thank goodness, that's okay,' he thought.

It occurred to him that the warmth permeating through the delicate, soft fabric beneath his own face must be that from another human being.

'Female? Definitely,' he mused. A 'soap like' scent brushed the edges of his regaining senses, although the smell of highly charged electricity and burnt rubber became more pungent.

He tried exerting pressure on his back to lift his body clear from this 'sexual' position. He was, after all, a gentleman and knew that once the woman was conscious any number of embarrassing misconceptions on her part might lead to charges of gross indecency against him.

He could not move more than a few inches. Whatever happened now was out of his hands. He grinned.

More moans then an awakening.

"Aghhh..." She murmured. There was cramped movement. Her brain clicked into gear.

"Are you hurt?" Jason asked.

"I don't think so. I ache in places but everything seems to be functioning okay. My arms and legs are pinned. There's also a heavy weight the length of my body. What happened? Are you alright?"

"Apart from a few bruises I'm fine," he acknowledged, realizing from her tone that he was on top of a young woman.

"Can you move from under me? It seems I'm pinned from above and I can't get off you."

She squirmed beneath him as he pushed upward. Her face brushed his flaccid penis. It twitched again.

'Oh, God,' he thought. 'Please do that again.'

"Umm... Jason?"

"Yes."

"Is that your face in my crotch?"

He hesitated before replying, "Yes, it is."

"And there's no way you can move your face away from my crotch?"

"I'm afraid not. It also means that my groin is directly over your mouth and the slightest movement... You know my name? Who are you?"

"My name's Sarah and I sat opposite you before... well, before the accident. I recognized your voice and realized it must be you."

His heart skipped a beat, his pulse quickening.

The girl of his dreams was beneath him. Was this his lucky day?

"But it still doesn't answer how you know my name?" He probed.

"I have to admit that I saw the name tag on your briefcase some weeks ago. I wanted to speak to you sooner but... well, I'm rather shy and really old fashioned about talking to complete strangers." She breathed. "Jason, your bulge is growing. I know you fancied me from the moment I saw you. It was in your eyes. I'm glad you spoke to me today. I thought it would never happen, though I hoped that it would."

"I do fancy you, Sarah. I have since I first saw you but I never dreamed of being in this position without some introduction first or at least by sharing a kiss."

Silence.

"You can," she breathed, huskily.

"I can what?" asked a bemused Jason.

She hesitated, then, after she had cleared her throat, "Kiss me."

"Kiss you? Kiss you how? Where..."

The bulge in his trousers grew bigger.

He blew a stream of cool air against her mons. "You mean you want me to kiss you here?" He queried.

"Yes I do. I don't expect you to understand but I have wished this moment to happen for a long time but only if you want to kiss me there. Although, judging by the bulge pressing into my face I'll take that to mean yes."

His left arm stretched forward to find the hem of her dress. As he did so he felt the hot breath from her mouth as she tried locating the tag to his fly zipper. The erotic sensation on his cock as the zipper edged downward stopped his movements.

"Jason? What's wrong?"

"Nothing's wrong, Sarah. It's just... I mean... Do you really want this to happen? I mean... I don't want you to think that I do this with everyone."

"If what you really mean is that after I shall cry sexual assault then the answer is definitely no." With that she edged her face downwards, grasped the buckle to his trousers with her teeth and started to undo his belt. The next part was trickier but the top trouser clip eventually parted.

While Jason was slowly being undressed by a dexterous face in the dark he followed her lead and inched the dress up. He managed to get it up so far then it stuck.

"Sarah, I may have to tear your frock. Do you mind?" His chin nudged her mons.

"Do it Jason," she whispered, urgently.

The ripping sound echoed around them. Cool air touched her warm legs.

The same cool air drifted over his naked backside.

The scent of her nearly nude groin extended the bulge in his pants but she persevered and at last his erect cock sprang free.

His hands found the waistband to her light cotton thong. She lifted her bottom to allow their removal.

'A sure sign of consent,' he thought. Then he maneuvered the torn dress beneath her raised bottom so that the harsh coldness of whatever she lay upon did not cool her passion.

She shivered as his hands delicately caressed around the silky tops of her thighs between her pale stockings and naked shaven pussy.

He lowered his erection to her waiting lips: lips that her tongue wet quickly to allow him entry. She opened her mouth and enveloped his manhood. Indescribable warmth and wetness wrapped around his aching member.

He moaned and lowered his wet lips to her sweet musky pussy, delighted to sense in the darkness her lack of hair. She was able to inch her thighs open slightly to accept his kisses. He placed his forearms under her warm thighs and by resting on his elbows he parted her sensitive pussy lips. The aroma from her pussy flooded his senses as a small amount of moisture edged the lips of her vagina.

She groaned.

His tongue darted out and he tasted her sweetness.

'A taste like no other,' he thought.

He grew more adventurous and swept his tongue along the full length of her slit. A nub of flesh grazed his clean-shaven chin. His initial surprise at the half inch length of her clitoris soon gave way to his sexual lust. His tongue swiftly found it, flicked and encircled its length. He kissed it, sucked it and made love with his mouth to its protruding hardness as she raised her torso upward to meet the small, though demanding, thrusts of his cock.

Her small, intermittent moans grew to a wail as she suddenly climaxed. Jason allowed himself the luxury of exploding his semen down her throat. She swallowed hard, tasting his salty bitter-sweetness.

After their lovemaking he rested his head on the warmth of her upper thigh.

"Hello, anyone there?" A voice from the darkness demanded.

Together they shouted, "Help. Over here." Then an awful thought hit them both. Should they be rescued immediately how would they best explain their position?

They rearranged their clothing as properly as they could under the difficult conditions. Rescue did not come as quickly as they had dreaded. Cutting gear was brought over to their carriage and an hour later they were freed and taken by ambulance to hospital.

**********

Jason's stay in hospital lasted longer than he would have wanted. The bruising around his forehead was a cause for concern and he was detained for forty-eight hours in case of complications.

Sarah never visited him. He felt guilty, lonely and hurt by her absence. Had he lost her forever? He'd had the presence of mind to put his business card into her dress pocket before they were rescued. Would she phone?

As the weeks turned into months he felt the answer was increasingly likely to be no.

Three months after the accident, as September crept up on his busy work schedule, he was in his office planning the month's workload when the phone rang.

"Jason Faraday speaking, how may I help you?"

"By closing and locking your office door," a husky woman's voice spoke in his ear. "Then I want you to sit down in your comfortable executive leather chair and listen to what I have to say."

"Sarah? Is that you Sarah?"

"Jason, do as I have asked and then I will explain."

He put the phone down then shut and quietly locked the office door.

"Sarah, I've done what you asked. Where have you been? Did I do something or say..."

"Quiet," the voice commanded. "You will be quiet until I give you permission to speak. Is that clearly understood or I put the phone down, now?"

"Okay, Sarah okay. I understand."

"I'm at work, Jason. I work in an office, along with twenty other girls. We all provide a service to men who get off on our ability to 'perform' for them on the phone; telephone sex. Do you understand the term? A simple yes or no will do."

"Yes," replied Jason, falling into the rhythm of her performance. Realization was beginning to dawn.

"Unzip your fly and take out your cock."

"What?"

"Do it now," commanded Sarah.

He did as he was told.

"Close your eyes and focus on the sound of my voice. Concentrate intently on what I say. Will you?"

"Yes."

"Hold and stroke your cock rhythmically to what I say. Do not try to force your sexual emotions through before the end of my story. You will come when I say you can come. Do you agree?"

"Yes."

"I did not want you to find out about my job. I was ashamed. But then I realized I was being selfish. You gave me comfort at a time when I needed and wanted you desperately. I'm sorry I waited so long to call you. I'm equally sorry if I have hurt you in any way by not being there for you... I love you, but you need to know the truth and by knowing the truth you may not want me. I need to give back something to you, that is why I rang you today. Are you stroking your lovely cock?"

"Yes."

"What I am about to tell you is a true story that happened to me. I have told no one this before. Do not interrupt me.

I was eighteen when my stepfather arrived home early one summer's afternoon. My mother was out. He seduced me, tied me to my mother's bed and raped me. Now, unlike other rape stories you may have heard, you will probably be surprised to hear that I enjoyed what he did to me.

I wanted more and more but each time I had to be tied up to fully enjoy our lovemaking.

Mother eventually found out and threw me out of the house. That's when I had to make my own way in the world. I have my own apartment. I've a few close friends but more importantly I believe I have you.

I'm about to describe to you in intimate detail everything, every emotion that swept through me on that first occasion my stepfather made love to me. He was a big man, like you, and I want you to visualize yourself as him. You are he and I am going to make love to you over the phone.

At first we talked. He was an easy listener. He invited me to have a small glass of white wine with him. That led to another then he kissed me gently on the lips. My heart fluttered beneath my flimsy cotton print frock. He lifted me up with his hands under my elbows and wrapped his warm arms around me hugging me to his body.

It was the first show of affection I had received from anyone in years. A tear escaped my eye and rolled down my cheek. He broke away from me and kissed my tear-streaked cheeks then my lips. I was in heaven. Here was my mother's 'Prince Charming' giving me attention. I responded. I crushed my mouth to his, returning his kiss with equal passion. He picked me up in his strong arms and carried me through to their bedroom where he laid me on the bed. Turning around he locked the door.

I wasn't intoxicated, just floating on cloud nine when he began rolling my light summer frock up and over my head. That's when I panicked. That's when the enormity of what I was about to do and the consequences that could follow overrode any feeling of affection or sexual stimulation that had just occurred.

As my frock came free I dived for the key to the door on the bedside table. He was faster and threw me back onto the bed. I twisted and turned. I truly struggled to break free from his grasp but in the end both my hands and legs were tied by some of my mother's long chiffon scarves to the four corners of the big bed. I lay panting, squirming in my cotton briefs and teenage bra, quietly glaring at him.

He casually undressed and came up between my outstretched legs. In his hand was a pair of scissors that swiftly cut their way through the remainder of my clothing. I was naked before his gaze.

His erection was enormous. Are you erect, Jason?"

"Yes," he said dryly, into the phone as she continued her story.

"You are as big as he was Jason. He straddled my naked breasts. One hand stroked his rigid cock the other caressed my breasts. His big hand stroked and fingered my hard nipples until they were so sensitive that I closed my eyes and groaned with pleasure.

He continued to torture my breasts with his exquisite touch. At last as the palm of his hand brushed the top surface of my left nipple, I came. I climaxed through sheer pleasure from his touch. My torso shivered deliciously beneath him. He understood my body more than I ever could at that age.

He stopped stroking his erection and stood above me. I licked my lips and he twisted around, almost sat on my face then kneeling forward he caressed my lower belly down towards my wanton opening. Yes, wanton Jason. I wanted him inside me. I wanted that huge cock pounding, thrusting and sliding along my sensitive love tunnel. Instead I licked my lips, thrust my head up and allowed him to place the head of his circumcised cock into my wet mouth.

He went down onto my wet pussy like a dog after a rabbit down a burrow. His tongue slaked my licentious slit from every angle. He tongue fucked me while slipping his broad, wet index finger easily into my arse. I moved my lithe teenage torso to a sexual dance on the end of his finger. I climaxed again, amazed at how easily my emotions could be ignited by his arousal of my tightly bound body.

I tried everything I could think of to make him come in my mouth. It was only as a last resort that I gritted my teeth and raked them along the length of his engorged cock that he removed his cock from my mouth, twisted around and jerked off over my tits. He exploded and the hot semen landing on my breasts and upper body felt like droplets of hot candle wax.

He hadn't finished with my young naked flesh. He used a towel from the dresser to wipe me clean then rolled me over onto my tummy. He applied some gel liberally around my asshole then slowly pushed a small, cool dildo with a silver coated head into my arse. As I felt every inch penetrate my inner sanctum he turned me onto my back, spread my legs; licked my pussy for a short time while stroking his cock.

He placed his body over mine in the 'missionary' position then by rubbing his cock along the length of my wet slit he aroused himself further. Inch by glorious inch he slid into me and past my hymen with considerable ease. His cock was huge and with the dildo in my arse I experienced double the pleasure. Once his entire shaft was inside me he lay still for a moment then began nibbling my right nipple. I jerked my body violently as the sensitive bud produced a stabbing sensation flowing down to my groin. My vaginal muscles contracted around his cock and he moved his lower torso toward and away from my lustful body. I rode him as he rode me; at first to a gentle trot, then a canter, then at full gallop. He would thrust forward and I would contract my vaginal muscles sweetly around his slippery shaft. He moved back and I relaxed my muscles. Sweetly it continued.

From somewhere in my head as we gazed directly into each others eyes I heard words coming from my mouth that surprised and excited even me.

'Fuck me. Fuck me. Fuck me harder. Fuck me harder, hard in my cunt. God, I'm gonna come. I'm coming all over your cock. I want you to come. Please come in me. Come on, come. Come. Come. Aghhh...'

I climaxed intensely. His cock grew so large that I thought it would explode and it did. With a groan he pulsed mightily inside me and filled me with his hot semen.

Are you close to coming too, Jason?"

"Yes."

"Picture us together on that same bed with my head in your lap. You are tied to the bed. Your slippery cock is in my mouth. My delicate hands encircle your throbbing erection. Up and down. Up and down. You are close to coming. I bury your cock deep down in my throat..."

"I'm gonna come," said Jason, suddenly into the phone.

"Then cum, Jason. Cum into the warmth of my throat. Thrust faster. Jerk faster... faster. Cum in me..." Sarah whispered urgently, huskily.

Jason ejaculated into the wad of tissue papers he'd prepared earlier. He put the phone down on the desk while re-arranging his clothing.

When he picked it up again the connection was dead.

The door handle turned and rattled.

He unlocked the door and resumed his office routine as though nothing had happened.

**********

Jason could not get her out of his head. For days after he made inquiries at every telephone sex outlet in the city but was told that employee details were confidential.

He stood forlornly beside the railway track the following Thursday morning. He resembled, in some ways, the broken strands of the ancient cobweb fluttering fiercely from the rush of air pushed forward by an approaching train.
