 It was like any other day in the Henderson household Jeff was running late for work tripping over the kid’s toys as he rushed for the front door. Katie ushered the children into the bathroom ordering them to brush their teeth and dress or they would be late for school.

Katie took a deep breath as tranquillity fell upon the house, quiet at last she thought.

She took a few sips of her luke warm coffee before heading off to the laundry to start the daily washing, stopping briefly to look in the bathroom mirror. Katie let out a deep sigh as she tried to manoeuvre her shoulder length blonde hair into some orderly fashion after a few seconds she gave up and went to sort the colours from the whites.

Once Katie was convinced the washing was well on its way she headed up the stairs to the bedroom... As she headed towards the wardrobe hurriedly discarding her pyjamas she caught a glimpse of her naked body in the cheval mirror. Katie stopped and took time out to look at her body she cupped her breasts and pushed them up and then let them go watching them bounce, still pert she thought , she then ran her hands down her smooth stomach and turned clenching her buttocks examining them in the mirror, not bad for two kids she reflected.

By the time Katie had found her yellow summer dress she heard the clunk of the washing machine finish it cycle, she slipped the dress over her head and bunched her hair back, the rubber band pulling causing her to wince.

Katie grabbed the washing basket and filled it with damp clothes and walked out into the back garden, she looked at the long washing line and shook her head, by the end of the day it would be full of clothes. Katie held the white shirt and flicked it outward, a little trick her mother had taught her to help take out the wrinkles.

Katie paused momentarily as she thought she heard Jeff’s car in the driveway she shrugged her shoulders dismissing the thought then continued hanging the clothes, it would be hours before Jeff would be home, so she thought.

Jeff startled Katie as he appeared around the corner of the house, without saying a word he approached Katie and gave her a deep passionate kiss, he slipped his hands onto Katie’s arse and squeezed hard pulling her closer towards him. At first Katie struggled against the attention she was receiving expecting an explanation from Jeff, one was not forthcoming. Jeff ran his hands up along Katie’ back until they reached her shoulders he pushed her slightly away allowing him to snuggle his face into her breasts, the feel of Jeff’s mouth through the material of her dress made Katie’s nipples harden.



Jeff ran his hands along Katie’s legs pushing her skirt upwards, exposing her silky thighs to the warmth of the sun, he lifted her dress over her head, the freshness of the day stroking against her firm breasts made her pussy wet. Jeff slid Katie’s cotton panties off the sensation made Katie want to touch her smooth shaved cunt. Katie hurriedly unbuttoned Jeff’s shirt, she pulled him in close, his muscular chest pressed hard against her smooth skin, she ran her long nails down the length of his taught back and slid her hands down the back of his trousers digging her nails into his firm arse. Jeff undid his trousers letting them drop to the floor, his hard cock springing against Katie’s protruding pink clit.

Jeff pushed Katie to the ground and pushed his throbbing cock into her tight dripping cunt. Katie bit his shoulder hard and long waiting for her tight pussy to adjust to his size.

Jeff did not wait he pushed his cock in hard and deep forcing Katie to release her grip and cry with pleasure. Jeff’s mouth enveloped Katie’s tit and he sucked it hard pulling as much of her into his mouth as he could then letting go, Katie clenched her teeth as Jeff bit her nipples, she dug her nails deep into his back drawing blood, this only made Jeff pummel Katie’s cunt harder.

Katie wrapped her legs round Jeff’s pulling him deeper into her wanting hole. Jeff lifted his body, arching his back pushing Katie harder into the ground her hair tangling with the mixture of dirt and her sweat. Jeff’s balls slapped hard against Katie’s arse, she grabbed his buttocks and pulled them hard apart pushing him deeper into her, forcing her soddened cunt lips apart and exposing more of her hardened clit trying to relieve her deep ache.

Jeff leaned forward laying flat against Katie his weight pushing hard against her tits, his hand grabbing a handful of hair pulling her head back hard, Katie responded by biting Jeff’s lip. Jeff pushed deep into Katie and paused as his large cock erupted inside her. The sensation of Jeff’s pulsating cock and the feel of his hot cum splashing inside her sent Katie’s cunt into spasms as her orgasm exploded inside her.

Jeff withdrew his cock from Katie’s dripping cunt, dressed, smiled and headed back to work. Katie lay on the ground for awhile her hands slowly moving over her dusty silky skin enjoying the moment, her attention snapped back to reality as the washing machine clunked as it finished another load.

THE END