 As I made my way through the house, I heard James scrambling to grab the champagne bucket and follow me. As I reached the back door, he caught up with me before I could open it. He wrapped his free arm around my waist and pulled me back towards him.

“Mmmmm, Skylar, you are a naughty girl,” he said in my ear. “Where do you think you’re going?”

I placed my hand over his and pushed it up to my breasts. “Well, it’s dark outside and the weather’s nice,” I answered as his kissed my neck. “I want to get in the hot tub.”

He bumped the cold bucket against my butt, making me yelp. He chuckled and kissed me again on the neck. “I’ve been wondering when we were going to do this.”

I reached behind me and touched his hip. “One thing first,” I said. I turned to face him and planted a smooch on his soft lips. “Off with your drawers.” I hooked my thumbs into the waistband of his briefs and drew them down. He was still mostly hard, and his dick sprung a bit from its confinement. I gave the head a firm lick, making him moan as he stepped gingerly out of the briefs. I tossed them to the side and stood back up.

“Let’s go!” 

I opened the door and stepped out onto our deck. I made certain the light was off, but a glow from the tub came from its underwater lamp. I still had our glasses in my hand and set the down on the drink platform. James placed the bucket down and helped me climb into the warm water before joining me.

The tub’s fairly deep. If we were sitting on the floor, I’d drown and just the top of his head would be out. But there were benches at two levels to sit on that were plenty roomy enough for fun. One bench in a corner was high enough that your bottom was just barely in the water, while the other four along the sides were well submerged.

I’m telling you, this tub was made for sex.

As we stood there for a moment I pulled James to me for a kiss. As we broke apart, he cupped my face and stared directly into my eyes. I love his eyes. They can make me feel like a child about to be scolded, but it excited me. 

“I love you, Skylar,” he said softly. “You always know just how to turn me on.” His eyes were stern, but I could sense the lust behind them.

I gave him another smooch. “Jamie, pour us another drink while I turn on the jets, okay?”

He filled the glasses as I set the jets to a nice and steady, yet powerful level. He settled onto a low bench and I sat on his lap. He handed me a glass and began to nuzzle my neck.

“Now, now, now. Finish your drink,” I said. I gulped down my glass. “In fact, let’s finish this bottle.” I stood and grabbed the bottle to pour myself another.

“Eh, why not?” he said. We each swigged down a few more glasses until only a trickle remained in the bottle. 

I have no tolerance, and soon the champagne began to take effect. I swayed in the water, still standing. James took my hand and pulled me to him. I sat back down on him, straddling and facing him. 

We began to kiss as I felt his cock against me. He pulled away from me and turned slightly to get an ice cube from the bucket. He placed it against my nipple, slowly working circles around it. I gasped as my entire body tensed up. My eyes closed as I bit down on my lower lip.

James leaned in the nibble my ear, still teasing my nipple as his other hand gently rubbed the small of my back. “Feeling chilly at one end and hot at the other?” he teased.

“You’re so cruel,” I moaned softly. My fingers had been lightly stroking his chest just below the water, but I allowed one hand to rove down to his dick, right below my pussy. I gently stroked the shaft, not quite able to roll my tiny hand around his thickness.

James dropped the cube into the water and wrapped his arms around me, pulling me in for a deep kiss. He sucked on my tongue, giving it a playful bite before letting me go. That was his signal that he wanted me to suck his cock. I smiled and gave him a wink, as I turned to look at the higher bench next to us. His gazed followed and he scooted over to it. 

He spread his legs to give me some room to settle between his knees. His dick was very hard and poked proudly from the water. I took the base in one hand, giving him a naughty smile as I licked the corner of my mouth and took the head in. James looked directly into my eyes as I began. I know it turns him on to have us watching each other’s eyes when we were having oral sex so we never broke our gaze until the receiver couldn’t handle it any more.

I slurped at the tip, running my tongue under the ridge and up his tiny split. I lightly ran my hand from the base to half way up the shaft. James was not only thick, sometimes painfully and delightfully thick, but long too. I never measured, but I’m sure his dick was at least ten inches when hard.

Slowly, I began to take more of the shaft into my mouth, stretching my jaw to accommodate him. I’ve become better at this, but I have yet to deep throat him, though I can get him off without letting my teeth touch enough for him to notice. 

He began to run a hand through my hair. He soon had both hands in my hair, pulling it out from the loose roll I had put it up in. When I saw his eyes close as he leaned his head back and groaned, I took his juicy balls in my free hand and began to knead them. 

He groaned in delight and called out my name as I bobbed up and down his shaft. I love to let James finish in my mouth, normally, but I wanted our first orgasms in the tub to be from penetration. So I reluctantly pulled off, as he looked down at me sternly.

I took a step back from him and rolled a nipple in my hand. “Jamie, I need you to fuck me.” I reached below the water with my other hand and rubbed my clit. “I’ve wanted to fuck you all day, baby. Please take me.”

He slid off the bench and crossed to me. Wordlessly, he cupped my butt and lifted me in the water. I rested my feet on one of the lower benches behind him as he guided me onto his cock.

Oh, the sensation when he fills me. It always takes a few pumps to allow my body to open for him. For a moment, I sat with just my slit pressing onto his head. My arms were wrapped around his neck, desperately trying to hold onto him. Holding my butt with one arm, he used his free hand to search along my slit for my opening. He pressed a finger into it and gently pressed the head of his cock in. 

He raised his eyebrows at me, asking if I was prepared for what would come next. I bit my lip again, and pushed my hips downward, my breasts bobbing on the water.

He began to lower his hands under my butt as my body sank onto his cock. I took in about two inches before I gasped and he paused. The thickness of the shaft was overwhelming. 

“Keep going, Jamie,” I said. “I want to take you all in.”

He relaxed his hold on me again and I began to sink once more. I know it only took a moment, but whenever James filled me, it felt like ages before it was completely in. We sat still a moment before he finally said, “Ready?”

I kissed him, pressing down onto his cock. He bent his knees and began to pump into me. The warm water splashed around us as we pressed back and forth into one another, my tits breaking the surface again and again. 

We broke the kiss and I began to moan, keeping the same rhythm as we fucked. James panted hard, letting an occasional grunt escape. I felt a finger snaking along the crack of my ass and pressing against my hole, gently pressing in.

I threw my head back and groaned loudly, grateful in hindsight for the loud roar of the jets and high hedges to block out neighbors. 

James fingered my ass as we bounced in the water, his cock splitting me in half. I felt so full and so fulfilled. I kissed him deeply as his luscious dick slid in and out of me.

“Your pussy is so tight,” he moaned. “I’m going to cum.”

“Fuck me harder, baby,” I gasped as he pushed into me. “I want to feel you cum deep in me.”

He thrust harder into me, as I pressed down harder onto his cock. He pulled his finger from his ass to hold me tighter. “I’m going to cum now,” he groaned.

I felt his cock spasm just a second before the warm fluid began to fill me. “Oh, God, Skylar,” he moaned. I pressed against him, as I leaned forward to kiss him again. 

James kissed me back, his mouth firmed as his body began to recover from his orgasm. He was still hard inside me, but to ensure my own climax, he reached down and stroked my clit with his thumb. I could feel the tingle building up within as I tighten my arms around his neck. The shivers exploded throughout my body as if attempting to escape through every pore as I let out a high moan.

“Oh, baby,” I gasped. “Oh, I love you, Jamie.” I kissed him hungrily. “Mmmmm, that was so good. Did you like it, baby?”

James kissed me, giving my nipple a tweak. “Oh I knew this hot tub was a good idea,” he said finally. “And just think, we’ve got the rest of the night to try other things.”

“Oh?” I said. I raised myself of his shaft and gave a little gasp at the warm water hitting my poor, pounded pussy. “What do you have in mind?” I asked ask I eased myself onto a low bench.

“You’ll see in just a little bit,” he said. “Besides, you’ve got a blow job to finish off.” He leaned down to suck a nipple just below the surface of the water.

I sighed with pleasure, completely at ease. I couldn’t wait to find out what he had in mind next.