 This story is a repost of the first story I posted on here, there are a few changes here and there; let me know which one you like more.

*Special thanks to Nudels for having an awesome name and editing this story for me.* 

It was a warm spring night; I was finally taking the girl of my dreams out to eat. She's beautiful, smart, fun, kind, outgoing-- just all around perfect in my eyes, and her name is Andrea. I arrived to pick her up and she exits her house wearing a light blue blouse that wrapped nicely in all the right places like it was custom made for her body and a with a simple pair of jeans that seemed to be skin-fit as they hugged her curves wonderfully. I tried to conceal my fascination as she enters the car with her usual smile. We headed to our reservation at Southern Flames, a very fancy place. Once we arrive, and after struggling slightly to find a parking space, we take our seats and have a nice chat as we ate our meals. After we've had our fill, I paid and we left.

As we are pulling away, I hear her soft sweet voice call to me. "I had a really great time with you today Damon."

"I had a lot of fun too," I replied, "So now what do you want to do?"

"Hmm, I'm stuffed, so let's ride around."

"Sure."

After a brief pause for thought I decided to drive around Downtown, Andrea hadn't been there before, so I decided to show her around. We left the car to explore a little bit. We watched the river as it glistened and flowed calmly past, saw the beautiful city lights at night, everything. But, in the midst of our journey, it began to pour down. What a way to mess up the perfect moment. We rushed back to the car, but only after we had gotten dreadfully drenched in the rain.

"Well, that was fun," I laughed.

"I know right?" she chuckled. "Shit, I'm so wet, let's head back."

"Your place or mine?" I joked.

"Cute, but we can go back to mine. I gotta get out of these wet clothes."

"Alrighty."

I began to drive her home, but my mood is a little different than before. I kind of caught a glimpse of her erect nipples through her soaked blouse, and all I could think about during the whole trip was sucking and licking them. If I could just have one opportunity without any awkwardness I think I could rest a happy man at this moment. That very thought alone sent lustful chills up my spine; I had to catch myself before I bit my lip. Then I heard Andrea's voice talking to me.

"....ok?" she questioned, she seemed a bit concerned.

"Huh? I'm sorry?" I asked, trying to regain my composure.

"I asked if you were ok, you seem a little uneasy."

"Me? Oh, I'm fine, just thinking..."

"About?"

"Nothing much, just stuff. Nothing major." I smiled, hoping to assure her I was fine.

"Mhm, so let's talk about something to pass the time. You pick the topic."

"Ok, umm" I thought hard, but the only thing that was on my mind at that very moment, no matter how hard I tried was... "Sex."

That subject seemed to really grab her attention, "Ooh, now that's an interesting topic. I'll start."

"Ok."

"Are you a virgin?"

I coughed at the randomness of the question, clearing my throat. "Pass."

"Nuh uh, there's no passing here mister!"

"I am..." I stated shyly.

"Aw ain't that cute, I lost mine years ago."

"Cool, was he worth it?"

"Nowhere near the word."

"Aw, I'm sorry to hear that, ok, my turn."

"Ask away."

"Um, have you ever been seduced?"

"Not to where I've been teased, I do the teasing," she bragged.

"Oh really? We have to see about that."

"You think you can handle me?"

"You have no idea...." I whisper to myself as I stared up and down her body.

We finally arrive back at her house. She opened the door to let us in and heads upstairs.

"Nice place," I complimented as I followed her to her room and looked around.

I reached her bedroom and she was walking out as I was walking in. I noticed a towel in her hand.

"Make yourself at home, Sir Seductive, I must take a shower," she said softly.

"Yes mami," I flirted playfully.

She flashed a smile and gestured for me to take a seat. I sit on the bed and watch her as she enters the bathroom, she closed the door, but only halfway. I hear her turn on the water and catch a glimpse of her taking off her top. Lust surged through my body instantly. I began to remember seeing her hard nipples under her wet blouse, and now that blouse was removed. My curiosity began to take over; I felt my body rise off the bed and head to the bathroom door. I reach the doorway, and I see her step into the shower. I saw everything she had on—nothing at all.

She began to sing a song, "I am yours, take me. I lose my breath, for you make me. Lust chills me all over, give me your warmth. I am a puppet, work my strings."

I feel myself lean forward, my movements are not my own. I am not in control. What spell has this temptress put on me without even the slightest touch? My body entered the doorway, and I pull back the veil that blocks me from my goal. There she stood, I was in awe at what I saw, her body, gorgeous doesn't do it justice, the shower water smoothly cascades down her caramel skin. The look in her eyes was mind controlling, and it was a look not with shock or surprise, but with hunger. Not to mention the mischievous smirk across her smooth pink lips. 

"Took you long enough, I almost thought I had to come and get you myself. Welcome to the party Sir Seductive, I'm afraid clothes are not allowed," she flirted.

"Well, I seem to be overdressed," I countered wittingly, extending my hand gentleman-like to help her out of the shower.

"That is true..." she answered, taking my hand.

She stepped out of the shower, our lips connected and I melted. Her tongue danced upon mine, welcoming it to play. She moaned as I pulled her body close to mine. She took off my shirt as I unbuckled my pants. She slid them to my ankles and I finished the rest. She was entranced, it seemed something low had really got her attention; it was my soldier at attention. 

"Mmm, it looks like you're nice and ready for me," she stated as she caressed it.

She dropped to her knees as she admired my thick meat. Then next thing I knew, she began to slip it between her watering lips. I pulled away and tried to stop her but she simply looked up at me and made me reenter as she massaged me with her mouth. I was in complete ecstasy, my head began to spin. My body went numb from immense pleasure. 

She moaned as she increased her pace, as well as her depth. Rarely paused to hold me in the back of her throat, and then began once more. In mere minutes I felt my shaft preparing the launch, and that moment approaching faster and faster with every entry. I had no choice but to pull her long black hair to force her head back as I removed myself from her mouth. 

She moans as she lunged forward, reaching for one more mouthful, "Aw Damon I was almost done, just a little and I would have tasted your cream filling. Give it back, please?" she pleaded as she licked the pre-cum exiting the tip.

At that moment, I kind of forgot that I was a shy virgin gentleman; I knew I had her, and I haven't even seduced her yet. A devilish smirk crossed my face; it has always been sexy to me making a girl beg, it's my guilty pleasure.

"No baby, maybe later," I responded as I stood her up.

She pulled me into the shower with her and we kissed more, deeper, longer. I added tongue, just to make her melt in my hands as she massaged my shaft. I slid the tip of my tongue down a side of her neck, she shakes and groans softly. I worked my way up to where I started, curling my tongue, she moaned more and shivered. 

I grazed my teeth on her neck softly, only to be rewarded with a retrained moan and a whisper, "Harder..." I did as commanded of me, and she screamed out as she gripped my shoulder. It sends chills through me, which made me crave more. I bit repeatedly, in multiple areas, her gasps and moans repeat continuously. I proceeded lower, leaving a trail with my tongue.

I cupped her round breast and closed my eyes as I placed my tongue on the nipple. A sharp gasp exited her as I flicked and curled it. I began to suckle, and her breaths turn to moans slowly rising in volume. I couldn't help but moan at the reactions I receive, sucking and slurping loudly like a starving newborn. She continued to moan and ran her fingers through my hair, urging me not to stop as the shower pours on us both. So I don't, I only pause to lick and switch nipples as I go. 

She is finally able to catch herself enough to stop me, "Damn, you really have a way with that tongue of yours. Let's go to the bedroom, I may not be able to stand much longer if you keep that up."

"Lead the way, my puppet," I commended in a devilish tone.

She bites her lip as she turns off the water. She stepped out of the shower and grabbed my handle, inviting me to follow. As we leave the bathroom with our bodies soaking wet, we proceed to the desired destination. But as we head there I couldn't help but watch her plump ass swing back and forth.

"You can stop staring at it now," she jests, half-looking back at me, "Or how about you smack it and show me how much you like it?"

"Then bend over."

"As you wish..."

We entered her bedroom and she slowly leaned forward onto the foot of the bed and rocks her hips a little while looking at me. I grabbed her seat and smacked my hand across both cheeks, hard.

She moans, "Mmm, I like it rough. Smack it like that and I might end up calling you daddy."

"Rough is what I do best, and I'd love to hear you call me daddy." I grin and smack her ass harder.

"Oooh you've gotta earn that title baby."

"Oh really? I think I can do that."

I rest the head of my dick against her entrance; she bites her lip as she glances back at me, her eyes gleamed with anticipation. I give her ass one last smack and begin to enter her slowly from behind. She moaned at every inch as I went deeper and deeper. Once I am completely in, I start to thrust deep and slow, savoring every bit of her dripping paradise. She moans softly, but that's not good enough for me, so I go faster and she raises her volume, much better. 

She has a very sexy moan, the kind that could make any man melt instantly. I quickened my thrusts, I wanted more, and she softly grabs the sheets as her moans get louder and louder, it's still not enough. So I began to pump like a crazed madman, going as hard as I could. She reacted as expected, she starts screaming my name at the top of her lungs, clenching the sheets as tight as possible, and swearing in whatever words she could muster. Our skin clapped together as she screamed, I thrust her frantically like a jackhammer. Her moans signal to me that she is on the peak of her climax and is reaching her release, I stopped abruptly and she collapsed in front of me, trying to catch her breath.

I chuckled, watching her lay there almost lifeless, wondering what I am going to do next. I grabbed her hips and rolled her onto her back. She landed with a soft moan. I grab her thighs and pry them open, exposing her thick kitten as it drips with anticipation. I drop to my knees and lick my teeth in hunger as she lies there like my helpless victim. Wanting more, but unable to take more. I gave her pussy one slow, long lick up the middle between her walls; she moans and shakes as I reach her clit. I make my way back down the same route I came and she shivers at it. 

"Ooh shit, don't do that, I don't think I can take it," she confessed in a stutter.

I curl my tongue on her clit rapidly and suck on it, "Good..." I reply.

I insert my tongue into her wonderland, and instantly moaned at her taste. It was pure ecstasy and my eyes rolled back, as did hers. I began to curl my tongue slowly as it entered her more and more; her body immediately began to rock and roll. I start to bob my head slightly, still moaning as I tasted more and more of her cream. I lick her as fast as possible; she grabbed my head and moaned my name repeatedly as I continued to make her my dessert. My tongue begins to dance inside her, moving everywhere at once, I hear her moans and swears reach the highest volume and felt her legs shake as I licked as deep as I could.

Before I knew it, she was saying what I was waiting to hear--"OOH SHIT DADDY I'M GONNA C--"

I keep going, and before she could finish her warning, I feel her temperature rise, her body seizure, and her nails dig into my skull, I loved every bit of it. Then it happens, a great rush of her sweet love juice shoots like a waterfall around my tongue and into my mouth. I moaned at the intense release, she holds a long screaming moan as she explodes and shoves my face deeper between her legs. I licked and slurped up every drop, why waste it? I make sure to get the drops leaking on my chin also.

After her grand climax, she falls flat on the bed and sighs out of satisfaction, "Oh my God daddy that was amazing. You work your tongue so good."

I gave her glistening shaved cat one more long lick, "Mmm damn, you taste so delicious!"

"Why thank you," she laughs, still slightly shaking.

"My pleasure, I could eat you forever," I admitted.

"Um, I don't think I could handle all of that daddy. You sure that you are a virgin? Your tongue speaks otherwise."

I laughed at the compliment as I lay next to her.

She turns to me and begins to work my rock hard member in her hand, "Hmm, I still want to know how YOU taste daddy," she reminded me as she slowly made her way down my body.

"You seem to have come back to earth mami," I joked.

She chuckled as she slid me into her mouth, "Mhm..."

Her lips begin to wrap around me, and I'm in too much of a lusty haze to resist, I become completely submissive. She shows me her hazel eyes as she takes more and more of me slowly until she reached the limit, she moans as she begins to suck me. I moan right away, unable to speak, I fall to her mercy, and she knows it. She goes faster, my back arches, but the extreme pleasure disables me from moving. 

She continues and moans, pausing to deep throat me occasionally as she did earlier then starts back from the top. She goes as fast and deep as she can which forces me to grab her head as my moan volume increases. I was at my peak, only thing left to do is cum, and that moment was rapidly approaching. I pull on her hair and moan her name repeatedly, louder with every breath.

My body falls completely numb as I burst hard inside her mouth. She moans at my release, I think she liked how I taste as much as I loved her taste. She sucks up and swallows every drop, but some seemed to slip past her as it drips down my shaft. She made sure to lick that up as well. 

"Mmm, you taste better than I expected daddy," she admits with a smile.

I faintly chuckle, "Why thank you."

She crawls on top of me; we kiss one last time to taste ourselves. She lies down next to me; I turn to her and softly slide my fingertips across her bare skin. She closes her eyes and gasps softly, then, with the little resistance she had, knocks my hand away.

"Mm, don't touch me like that, please?" she whines.

I chuckle and smirk, "As you wish..." I teased.

THE END