 We get to my place and she comes inside and follows me into the kitchen. I pour us both a Bacardi and coke while I'm sorting out the coffee, and listen to the ice tinkling in her glass as she moves from room to room, having a nosey. I hear her go in the bathroom, hear her jeans sliding down and her peeing. She flushes and I hear her moving through the hall and standing at the bedroom door, then going in there.

I hear her exploring, and I know what she's looking for. I hear drawers sliding open and closed. I hear her shifting the bedding around, a little gasp when she discovers the silky panties down there, underneath the duvet. I hear her sitting on the bed and kicking off her heels, then her bare feet padding on the tiles in the hall and she's back in the kitchen.

I'm whisking cream in a bowl to thicken it up and she comes right up to me and slides her hands around my waist, feeling upwards, running over my stomach and my chest, and making little sighing noises. I feel her breath on the back of my neck. I can feel her heartbeat. 

She runs her fingertips around the waistline of my trousers and I start to get aroused. I turn and the silk panties are dangling from her mouth and she's shed her jeans. She has on little black panties, sheeny and loose, lovely long legs all tan and shiny, and sexy little feet, toenails painted black. She lets the panties in her mouth fall to the floor. 

I draw her face upwards towards mine and we kiss. I taste lipstick and cigarettes and mint, olive and alcohol and perfume and her soft wet tongue. She's sultry and delicious. Her mouth is hot, and as we kiss she pants sweet warm breath into mine. I breathe her. 

Our hands explore one another's bodies, running inquisitively up and down along our backs and our fronts, and our mouths stay pressed together. She feels down between my legs and I begin feeling between hers. She parts them a little bit to let in my hand. She gasps at my hardness and gasps again as my fingers explore the shape of her down there, probing gently on the outside of the little black panties, feeling for the firm push of her pubic mound, feeling the little flatness there as it curves downward and under, pushing gently at her unseen little valleys.

The panties are smooth and sheeny and I thrill at the feel of warm skin from her thighs on either side, pressing against the skin on my forearm so all the little hairs are charged with static. She pushes her tongue into the spaces between my teeth and gums and licks at my lips, teasing me, drawing me in deeper. Her eyes smile, bright and mischievous.

I grasp at the sides of her panties and pull them upwards so they press up tight against her pussy, and I massage her bottom with my fingers, pulling her cheeks apart, sliding a finger underneath and rubbing her through the pants, and she closes her eyes and moans. I feel the material yielding and the heat of her coming from inside, and I push more firmly, my finger finding her little opening, exploring through the thin layer of her underwear, pushing the sheeny fabric in. 

She raises her lips up to my ear and I feel hot breath on my cheek, she's panting and sighing as my fingers caress her there, my pushes growing in urgency, rising until my finger probes inside, and I'm pushing the crotch of her panties deeper and deeper in, into her, and I feel a warm dampness spreading.

She's inside my pants and her fingers are grasping at my penis and she's holding onto me tight. She breaks from me to start yanking down my jeans and I put a finger inside my mouth to taste her, an intense flavour of the scent that's been driving me wild for the past week, wild animal must exploding on my tongue, dissolving gradually into rich, salty seaside tastes, sunburned skin, perfumed milk, baked stone and subtly sweet, lingering honey. 

She comes up and begins kissing me again and she sucks on my finger too. We smile into one another's eyes and while we're kissing she begins to pull on me gently, her hand moving up and down the length of thick swollen shaft, all slow and tender. I thrill at her touch. 

I pull up her top and she raises her arms for me to bring it off over her head and I see a little round tummy and a cute belly button, then her heaving chest, and the little black bra, and her lovely little tits inside of it, nipples pushing hard at the material. I reach around her to unclasp the bra and her breasts are revealed, two yummy fried eggs, big pink nipples standing erect, goosebumps in the round aureolae.

I return my hand to her sweet, sweet pussy and I pull the panties aside and push in my fingers to feel her better. I feel downy pubic hair, soft and silky and so exciting, and I follow it downwards to slide over her burning hot labia and I feel wetness, lots of wetness, and my fingers slide inside her, first one, then another, sliding over the little ripple of her clitoris and up inside her burning,fleshy chamber. 

She draws breath and shudders slightly, her hand on my penis pausing its stroking, but she holds on to me tightly. We're kissing deeply and every so often I take my fingers out of her sex and we stop kissing and share licking and sucking at her extraordinary taste, our faces held close together, our eyes studying slick fingers and lips, watching every little move hungrily. I cup my fingers at the opening to collect her flowing juices and pour the dripping essence of her into my mouth.

She lets go of me and eases herself slowly down into a kneeling position. I'm looking down onto her, my penis standing erect just inches from her face. Her eyes look up at me and I see big flickering eyelashes and deep amber set in brightest white. I see the sensuous curve of her cheeks and her lips and below I see her little breasts wobble, jutting nipples brushing against my legs, her thighs spread open wide so she can kneel, her shapely calves and feet out at an angle, and she smiles up at me and I'm melting.

I see glistening clear liquids dripping out of her and down onto the tiled floor, a little lake forming down there, inbetween her knees, and the sight of it intensifies my lust. She touches a finger to the taut skin in between the throbbing, bulbous head and the gorged shaft, where the foreskin encircles me, stroking upwards at a little trickle of pre-seminal fluid leaking out from the tiny slit. She brushes it and I watch as slick little strands stretch and break in the small space between my penis and her mouth, enfolding her fingertip with dewy wetness. She puts it to her lips and kisses, a brief flash of eye up at me. She opens her mouth and dabs at it with the tip of her tongue, all shiny and pink. I feel hot breath. 

She kisses where my fluids gather and wraps her lovely warm lips either side of me, her tongue pushing into the shape of the swollen bulb, the tip of it examining by touch the deep ridge between foreskin and head, licking and pushing and probing. She pulls the skin on my swollen shaft down hard and looks close to see better, turning it in the light, little tugs and squeezes. I feel her sharp little nails dig in, and watch her eyes, fascinated by the stiff, flexing, sexual thing in her hands. 

She licks and licks, drooling spit onto me so I'm all wet and slippery. I hear her moaning. She kisses the tip and I'm moaning too, the curvaceous shape that her lips make, somehow mirrored by the roundness of my tulip like glans, how my slit parts like a little mouth, opening and closing in time with her rhythms, her lovely, generous mouth, sliding along and exploring my ridges, little nibbles as she's going down, and I close my eyes and run my fingers through her silky hair. 

I feel the heat inside her mouth enfolding, enclosing me, and the moist flesh and hot breath draw me in, deeper and deeper, until her mouth is wrapped around my root and I'm pushing into her, the long ridge that runs the length of my underside fitting into the valley of her tongue, guiding me in further. 

I'm running my hands over the soft skin on her cheeks, feeling in behind her ears, feeling the curve of her neck, the little bump in her throat bobbing as she drinks me down, her shoulders at the front and behind, her hair falling like a horse's mane, hiding her eyes away from me, flicking and caressing against my skin as she alters the angle of her head to take me even deeper into her, and I get little sparks of sensation.

I cup her beautiful face in my hands and feel the fluttering pulse in her neck, and I draw her upwards, needing her mouth, her tongue, her lips pressed onto mine, her eyes. She rises and we kiss as deeply into one another as we are able, tongues delving and reaching, and I taste my burning flesh and the saltiness of my fluid. Our hands explore. My dick is pushed up against her tummy and I'm moving against her, a gentle rhythm which draws me lightly over her soft tummy and the sheeny panties underneath. We sway together this way, devouring one another, our bodies entangled, wrapping themselves together in readiness.

She pauses to drink and the tinkling ice sounds like music. She lights a cigarette and I admire the shape of her, standing in front of me in nothing but her panties, her chest rising and falling, smoke curling upwards and big hungry eyes staring. I feel silly standing there with my pants and trousers round my ankles and my shirt still on, my erection sticking out, so I sit to get properly undressed and make the coffee naked. 

While I'm busy she wraps an arm around my middle and slides a hand in between my legs, stroking my balls and reaching around to fondle me. I pour coffee into two glasses with a good slug of Jamesons and stir lots of sugar in, then the cream, poured over the back of a big spoon so that it stays afloat. She takes the glass and gives me her cigarette. We take our Irish coffees to bed. In the bedroom I turn the lights down low and our bodies take on a sultry, dusky tone. I watch her settle onto the bed and sip at her coffee, laughing with her when she gets a little cream moustache. I lean in and kiss it away, tasting the whisky, and we grasp at one another, dragging in the sweetness, moaning and sighing as I clamber over her and lower myself on top, her arms entwining me, my penis nudging at her tummy and her pants. 

She holds onto me and runs the tip of me over her hips and her abdomen, pushes it into her belly button, turning a little and pushing it into the soft, yielding flesh of her bum cheeks. She guides me down and nestles the rod in against her hidden parting, lifting herself to rub the veined shaft and head deeper into the panties, opening her legs to draw me down further until we're fucking on the outside, the glans pushing the sheeny material a little way up inside her. 

She's soaking wet and her burning hot breath is in my ears and on my neck and chest. We writhe like animals in slow erotic motion. I bury my head in her little breasts and suck on her hard pink nipples, squeezing and nuzzling, licking them so my tongue is tainted with the exotic richness of whatever perfume she's doused herself in. I breathe her in and I'm intoxicated, goosebumps raise up on my skin and I shiver all over. 

Her wetness grows suddenly intense and for a moment I think she's peeing in the bed, my thighs and balls dripping warm fluid where it's flooding out from inside the little black panties, and I look at her face and see her eyes all screwed up in concentration, and she's coming and coming and coming. 

I put a hand inside and rub the torrent of wet over her inner thighs and her abdomen, over the sodden panties and underneath them onto her skin, all over the little damp ringlets of pubic hair, into her melting hot pussy lips and back up inside of her again before bringing it up to my face in little cupped pools and I drink her, her cum juice trickling from my mouth and chin and splashing down onto her tummy and breasts. I taste her essence, her most intense flavour, rich and deeply sexual, and so, so, rude. 

I move between her taste and her mouth and her tits and her belly button and I tongue her delicious skin, lower and lower, descending gradually down her writhing body towards her pretty pink paradise, sliding the sodden panties down over her hips and thighs, peeling them from her slender calves and off over her outstretched feet. 

She sighs as I kiss her tummy, my kisses moving over her hairy mound, moving in between her legs, kissing and sucking and nibbling at the soft flesh of her thighs, licking her up into my mouth, flicking at her pink wet pussy lips, her hole opening and closing a little as she gasps when the tip of my tongue curls under and pushes at the ridge which separates her sex from her anus. 

Her most intimate sweetness bursts into my mouth and she's coming again, little squirts of juice showering my tongue and lips as she gushes into me. I push more firmly and I'm nosing at her clitoris while my tongue explores her burning hot labia and the little frills that signal the beginning of her divine entrance. I taste earth, a metallic tang softened by something intensely primal and womanly, deep, deep must and womanliness, and the strange, bitter sweetness of her sexual juices. 

My mouth is watering and drooling and her wetness and mine are combined and my tongue goes deeper and I'm right inside of her, drawing her out and pushing further into her little fleshy hole, into the very heart of her, and her fingernails are grinding into the flesh on my back and she's shuddering and wailing and her juices are spraying down into me, pouring from the sides of my mouth as my tongue delves and we're drenched. I guzzle her down. My penis is huge and on fire, pulsing with sheer lust, longing to be deep inside of her, to push inside and fuck her hard, to satiate its hunger and ooze my warm salty cum into her. She reaches for it and begins to wank me off, jerking hard at the stiff, hot fleshiness while I lick and probe inside her with my tongue. She pulls me up to her face and kisses and licks my slick wet mouth, looking deep into my eyes as she eases me back on top of her and guides my manhood into position, the shaft lined up against her heavenly valley, my parting lined up along her swollen pink clitoral ridge so it can slide down and bring the head down and into her sopping wet pussy, her dripping wet slippery little hole, wide open for me, wanting me to spread her legs impossibly wide, to enter her, needing me to push myself inside and stretch her inflamed inner flesh around the throbbing hot, ridged, veiny, pulsing shaft, and slide it up and down, up and down, in and out, in and out, hot and horny, wet and slippery and shiny, and so deep down and utterly filthy.

I position myself along her warm quivering thighs and wriggle my hips down into hers. She's gasping and moaning and she runs her hands through her hair where it's sticking to her glistening forehead and cheeks. She has her eyes closed and her head back and reaches for my penis and pushes it's hot tip up against her gaping hole. I nestle the bulging head in between her folds, a gentle rhythm nudging it slightly into her, drawing it back out, slowly, slowly, my breathing coming fast, and she shudders in anticipation, clutching at it to force me inside, rubbing hard underneath and pushing her fingers past me to bring on her satisfaction. 

She's coming again and as my big bulbous head draws back out of her a little river of watery cum squirts out of the little gaps. I dip my hand into the pooling liquid and smear it over my stomach and my chest, lick it from my palms and fingers. 

She's wriggling and writhing, trying to push herself down onto me, but I withdraw, keeping the tip of me and her sopping wet rim in tantalising contact, fighting against the waves of ecstasy until I'm ready to enter her cavity and be funnelled towards the aching desire for release, to plunge my raging hard on deep inside her private hollow place, to feel her furrows bumping as they slide over mine, in, out, in, out, and to fill her up to overflowing with boiling hot, cum. 

I play there at the threshold for a while, looking at her beautiful face as she turns her head from side to side, and bit by bit my throbbing core penetrates into her, until at last the thick blunt head pops through and she's holding me inside, and still I deny myself from entering her too deeply, not yet, not yet, and my balls tighten and I feel surging from deep inside me and I slow my motions and stop breathing until it passes.

I rise and pull her with me onto the edge of the bed, staying just inside her as we alter position. I lower my knees down onto the floor so I'm above her gorgeous shiny body and continue hovering on the brink of full penetration, pushing in and drawing out and watching as her skin down there stretches and holds me, my glistening prick popping out every now and again to reveal her dark interior before it pushing back in. 

I see her tummy trembling. I see her chest rising and falling as she sucks in the air. I see her neck stretched back and the veins pulsing rapidly. She chews on her bottom lip and her eyes flash in the dim light, animal like, insisting that I enter her, insisting that I satisfy her carnal lust. 

I raise up her legs and spread them wide open. I push in further and feel her flesh wrapping itself around me, inch by gradual inch. I watch as she closes her eyes and her body goes very still, urging me on, urging me in, feeling me as I gradually fill her up, gasping and sighing and moaning as I push in further still until her pussy's shiny lips encircle the base of my throbbing shaft like a little wet mouth, all stretched open wide and sucking on me. 

I watch as she comes again, her body shuddering, her long, curly eyelashes fluttering, and I feel her wetness pouring down my balls and inner thighs. I begin to develop a rhythm, not too fast, not too slow, pushing in, pulling out, little squelching noises and my slick member reflecting light as I withdraw and re enter her most private chamber, and I'm moving faster, the end of me feeling her inner walls all moist and hot and heaving with urgent passion until I'm pumping at her, in, out, in, out, sliding in, sliding out, my rhythm quickening, my balls slapping hard against her luscious bum cheeks, her cute little tits wobbling like blancmange, and she runs her hands frantically over her hard pink nipples, pinching them and pulling on them, and she's coming and coming, and I can't believe that she has so much wetness inside of her. 

Again I feel a surging grow inside me and I want to pull away and let it pass over but she doesn't release me. She clutches at my bottom and grabs hold of the flesh there, dragging me in close so I can't escape. Her eyes glow in the darkness, deep amber pools, and she stares expressionless as she pushes and pulls on my body, locking me inside, maintaining the rhythm, and the surge grows and grows until my whole body is tensed and hard and I can feel my penis expanding still further, readying itself to explode, my balls aching with the anticipation, and she feels it too. 

She gasps and pushes me out wriggling, clambers off the sodden bed sheets and kneels, clutching for me and wanking hard on me while she gets into position. I'm standing over her and she yanks and yanks on me and puts her face up close, licking at me from in between my balls and up along the length of my close to bursting stem, pausing to face upwards with her delicious mouth and wide sexy lips open, ready, and I feel my balls spasm and the swell of release and thick wads of cum squirt and spray onto her beautifulface. 

I shudder and convulse and her hand works on me, milking me out, and gobs of sticky white semen pour down and slide from her cheeks and lips, her tongue covered in my salty slime, gobbling it down her throat hungrily, dripping from her pretty little chin onto her chest and her breasts, running down her tummy and catching in her pubes. 
