 Much as I love my job at 'Playthings' helping customers choose their exotic lingerie and sex toys I always look forward to Thursdays, which is my regular day off and is the only day of the week that I get totally to myself because Ebony is at work. Sometimes I go into town for some retail therapy, or meet up with some friends for lunch or just potter around the apartment doing domestic type stuff.

On this particular Thursday in mid March I was especially lonesome because Ebony was away on a short skiing holiday with her friend Alex and another couple. I had been invited but I couldn't get the time off work and in any case I'm not as good as they are on the slopes so I was content to give it a miss. Anyway, I needed to catch up on things like washing, ironing and cleaning and I could always 'phone one of my playmates if I fancied some male or female company for the evening.

I was really getting stuck into the household chores when around midday our doorbell rang. This is quite unusual because the building has an entryphone system so whoever was at my door must be someone from within the block of four apartments. I peered through the spyhole and could see that the caller was male but I didn't recognise him as one of my neighbours so I attached the security chain before opening the door slightly.

"Yes?" I said cautiously.

"Hello." Came the reply. "I'm really sorry to disturb you but I'm looking after Mark and Lisa's apartment for a couple of weeks and I've got a problem with the hot water system. I've tried to 'phone them but I can't get through so I'm after a small favour."

"Hold on a moment." I said as I undid the chain and opened the door fully.

"Hi." He said with a beaming smile on his face. "You must be Candy." 

He held out his hand and we shook. "I'm Ross Taylor, a friend of Mark and Lisa, I'm pleased to make your acquaintance."

I invited him in but to be honest he looked a bit of a mess wearing scruffy jeans and an old tee shirt covered in paint, unkempt hair and an unshaven face. On the plus side he had lovely smile and piercing blue eyes. Mind you, I wasn't looking exactly glamorous myself dressed in an old grey tracksuit with my hair tied back.

He stood in the hallway and explained that he was staying at Mark and Lisa's home and doing some decorating for them while they enjoyed a holiday at his place in Spain.

He said, "I know it's a bit cheeky but I really need a shower and I just can't get any hot water. Any chance I can use yours?"

"No problem," I replied, "It's through here." 

"Thanks," he said, "I'll just nip downstairs and grab a towel."

"No need," I said, "There are plenty of towels and bathrobes in there."

He gave me a 'thank you' nod, went into the bathroom and shortly afterwards I heard the power shower burst into life. After a few minutes I entered the room and asked him if he was OK and if there was anything he needed. He replied that he was fine and didn't seem to mind that I was watching him shower. He was probably in his mid-thirties with a lean, tanned muscular body and an impressive length of manhood hanging between his thighs. I was quite tempted to ask if I could join him but decided against it. 

When he emerged from the shower wearing one of our white bathrobes he looked revitalised and accepted my offer of a cup of tea.

"That's not a local accent." I said.

"New Zealand." He replied. "It's a long story as to how I ended up in Spain but I have a great lifestyle and run my own property management company."

He went on to explain how he'd met up with Mark and Lisa and why every now and again they do a mutually convenient house swap because they have friends in Spain and he has contacts in England. The decorating was a one-off favour.

As he was about to leave he asked, "Do you like Paella?"

"It's one of my favourites." I replied.

"Would you care to join me for dinner this evening?" He asked. "I have some superb wines that I'm sure you'll love."

"Sounds wonderful." I replied.

"See you around seven thirty then." He said as he collected his dirty clothes and disappeared down the stairs.

By five-thirty all my tasks were completed and I decided to run a nice hot bath for a long relaxing soak. As I dried my long peachy blonde hair in front of a full-length mirror I examined my reflection. I get lots of compliments on my bum, which I'd prefer to be a bit smaller but on the whole I'm happy my curvy body, milky white skin, plump firm breasts topped by pretty pale brown nipples and a silky smooth bald pussy.

I scanned my wardrobe trying to decide what to wear and eventually settled on a slinky low cut red dress that suited my figure and showed plenty of cleavage. I considered wearing some nice lacy underwear and a pair of hold-up stockings but in the end I decided not to bother. I stepped into a pair of red high heels that matched my dress, grabbed a bottle of champagne from the fridge and ambled downstairs a good half an hour too early.

When he opened the door I couldn't believe the transformation from a scruffy unshaven tramp into a gorgeous clean-shaven handsome hunk wearing lightweight baggy trousers and a stylish white shirt.

"Wow," I said, "What a difference."

"You too," he replied, "I love the sexy dress."

He ushered me in and I gave him the bottle saying something about not coming empty handed and almost immediately he popped the cork and poured two flutes of bubbly.

"Sorry I'm a bit early," I said, "But I was ready and just kicking my heels."

He passed me a glass and as we clinked them together he said, "Here's to a nice evening and a new friendship."

He showed me into the lounge, invited me to sit down and said, "Dinner won't be ready for about forty-five minutes so let's get to know each other a little better."

We chatted and were both candid about our lifestyles. He told me about the steamy sex he has with his nubile twenty year old Spanish girlfriend and her horny forty year old next door neighbour whilst I gave him chapter and verse about my bi-sexual life with Ebony and my various playmates. We really seemed to connect and much as I was looking forward to a nice evening with a new man and dinner thrown in, I was really starting to feel that we would be enjoying something much more physical as the evening progressed.

The meal was delicious and the background music of classical Spanish guitar as well as the soft lighting just added to the ambience. The wine and conversation flowed until we reached a point where a kiss was inevitable. It was such a romantic moment as we held hands across the table and he rose out his chair to lean across kissing me tenderly on my lips. My heart actually skipped a beat and my libido started to kick in.

"I have a confession to make Ross," I said.

"What's that?" he asked curiously.

I stroked his cheek with my finger and said, "I'm not wearing any panties and my pussy is very moist."

He smiled and said, "Is that a signal that we might be having sex later?" he asked.

I stood up and started to make my way round to his side of the table saying, "I can't really wait 'till later Ross, I'm ready for it right now."

By the time I reached him he'd already turned his chair round and was undoing his trousers. He reached in and pulled his cock out saying, "Mark and Lisa told me you were friendly."

"You're about to find out how friendly I can get," I said as I took his cock in my hand and tugged on it gently a couple of times before positioning myself with my legs astride him. Without even bothering to lift my dress I guided the tip of his cock into the opening of my warm wet vagina and we both gasped a little as I lowered myself down on it with one deliberate penetrating movement.

I put my arms around his neck and we were kissing passionately as I raised and lowered myself rhythmically on his gloriously stiff cock. He began to gently fondle my breasts as we fucked and he managed to expose one of my nipples, which he sucked and licked with glee.

"Your cock feels so big in my tight pussy Ross, is it ok if I stay the night?" I asked. 

"Jesus Christ," He moaned," What did I do to deserve this?"

As I rose and fell on his cock I replied. "I'll take that as a yes then."

I felt in complete control of the sex we were having and kept altering the tempo from fast to very slow and I loved the sound of the soft moaning that we were making.

After a few more deep satisfying thrusts I whispered, "I bet you've got a full sac to give me Ross, I can't wait to see it spurting from your cock." 

I disconnected from him and kneeled on the floor between his legs. His long thick cock was glistening with my pussy juices and I really enjoyed my flavour as I sucked him deep and hard. I was determined to bring him off sooner rather than later so I pleasured him with my hand and mouth until I could detect that he was close to a climax.

"Don't give me any warning Ross," I ordered, "Just give it to me."

He grabbed the seat of his chair and was clearly tensing up when suddenly he made the familiar groan a man makes when he ejaculates and a massive spurt of thick warm creamy cum shot from his cock landing on my face. Then another and another but I kept wanking him hard and sucked the precious droplets that oozed from his tiny hole until he was empty.

As everything subsided his eyes rolled around and he said slowly and deliberately, "That was just mind-blowing."

I replied, "What a delicious load Ross. It's everywhere, my face, my hair, and my eyes, all over my chest, my dress is spattered with it and I swallowed quite a bit so I think I love you already."

It was one of those awkward moments after a totally spontaneous session of raw uninhibited sex when appropriate words are hard to find but Ross put everything back into perspective by asking, "Fancy a brandy?" 

We both giggled and whilst he went to fix the drinks, I found the bathroom and cleaned myself up a bit. I couldn't believe it when I looked at myself in the mirror and saw all the cum dripping off my face but a few minutes later I emerged looking more or less presentable apart from the obvious stains on my dress.

I sat on the sofa and Ross delivered two huge brandies and two black coffees before sitting beside me. We chatted, drank brandy and listened to music and although the rest of the evening was uneventful, it was really cosy and enjoyable. 

At around ten thirty I said, "I'm ready for bed."

Clutching a half empty bottle of white wine and two glasses he replied "Me too." 

We both stood up, embraced, kissed and he led me to his bedroom, which in truth was a typical man's room with an unmade bed and clothes scattered everywhere. He placed the bottle and glasses on a bedside table and said sheepishly, "Sorry about the mess, I haven't really had a chance to tidy up."

"No problem." I said as I reached behind my back to unzip my dress, which I let slip to the floor. Ross looked at me standing naked before him and I beckoned him towards me.

"If you like what you see you can take me." I whispered.

He embraced me, kissed me and I felt his hand slipping between my legs. I gave a little gasp as his fingers fondled my pussy and when he found the moist opening of my vagina and inserted two fingers I just melted.

As he gently fingered me I reached down to his groin and unzipped his trousers. His lovely stiff cocked popped out easily and I pulled on it firmly saying, "When I woke up this morning I wasn't expecting any of this."

"Nor me." He confessed.

I slipped under the duvet and waited for Ross to join me. When he did it was just so sensual to feel his warm naked skin on mine and as we kissed and caressed we started to explore and stimulate each other with our hands, lips and tongues. We threw the duvet off the bed and Ross lay on his back so that I could get on top of him with my legs either side of his face. As I massaged and sucked his delicious cock he plunged two fingers back into my warm wet cunt and sucked hard on my pussy lips and clit. It was so energetic that we both gasped and grunted like animals. I found myself spitting on Ross's cock to make it as wet as I could and I felt his finger prodding at my anal hole, which I happily let him penetrate.

After a few fantastic minutes of fingering and sucking I really wanted to feel his cock inside me so I disconnected and straddled him. Slippery and wet from my saliva his long thick New Zealand cock disappeared into my vagina in less than a second. We fucked hard and rough and he was less than gentle squeezing my tits but I didn't care.

"Fuck my cunt Hard Ross." I pleaded, "Then my arse."

In answer to my plea we disconnected and I kneeled on all fours. Ross got behind me and he re-entered me giving me a dozen or more deep penetrating strokes before slipping his cock out and sliding it up to my anal hole,

"Put in Ross," I pleaded, "I don't care if it hurts." 

We were both sweating and as he inched his way into my anal passage I was grateful for the fact that his cock was soaked in my oily pussy juices, which meant that it was only a minor discomfort. When he was fully inside me and started to gently fuck me it just felt amazing.

Over the next ten minutes or so he fucked both my holes in turn and the only thing missing from my total enjoyment of these moments was an orgasm.

"I need to cum Ross." I gasped.

After a few more precious strokes he withdrew and turned me over onto my back so that I could spread my legs and let him work to bring me off. He buried his face in my crotch and I could feel his tongue probing my holes deeply especially when I lifted my legs in the air and held them there with my arms behind my knees.

It felt fantastic but what happened next just blew me away. Ross reached over to the bedside table and picked up the wine bottle. I let my legs down again and he knelt beside me with my pussy in one hand and the bottle in the other the contents of which he proceeded to drizzle over my body. I felt the cold wine on my warm breasts and watched my nipples get long and stiff, then down my torso filling my navel before trickling over my pussy, into my slit and over my genitals. Then he started to lick me all over and after he'd sucked on my wine-soaked clit he started to tease the opening to my vagina with the neck of the bottle.

I realised what he was thinking and when I parted my pussy lips with my fingers he slipped the neck of the bottle into my hole as far as it would go then started to gently fuck me with it.

At first it felt cold but the warmth of my inside soon took the chill off and I was enjoying the way he was pressing his hand down hard just above my slit whilst using the bottle to find my 'G' spot. I began to feel the familiar sensation of an orgasm building and I couldn't help rubbing my clit as all of a sudden I felt dizzy and my body jolted violently as squealed uncontrollably with the sheer pleasure of it.

At that same moment Ross tipped the bottle up and poured the remaining contents into my body. It was cold wet and so different from the warm sensation I'm familiar with when a man cums or pees inside me but very pleasant nevertheless.

Almost as soon as my orgasm subsided Ross positioned himself between my legs and entered me with a single penetrating thrust. My vagina was now stuffed with cock and white wine and as he fucked me harder and harder I started to become a bit delirious. I could feel my tits wobbling rhythmically as the tempo increased and I knew that I was on the verge of another climax.

I was clawing his back and thrusting my hips in synch with him when suddenly, my body shuddered as wave after wave of pleasure rippled through me and I wrapped my legs around him and rolled with him onto our sides. At that very moment Ross grunted loudly and started cumming inside me and kept on cumming until both our orgasms began to subside.

We were both quite breathless but made no attempt to disconnect from each other. "How was that for you?" Ross enquired quietly.

"I doubt if I'll ever be able to handle a bottle of wine again without thinking of you." I replied.

We both giggled and after a few minutes we had to separate so that Ross could get the duvet. As we did, the contents of my vagina leaked all over the bed and to be honest that, plus the wine that had been spilled over me earlier made a very large damp patch.

Ross went into the bathroom and returned carrying a huge bath towel, which he laid over the patch and we snuggled up together under the duvet. After goodnight kisses we both drifted off to sleep only to be awakened at silly o'clock in the morning by the sound of the entryphone buzzer being repeatedly pressed. It didn't register at first then suddenly Ross leapt out of bed with the words, "Oh my god."

When he returned he apologised for the fact that he'd forgotten all about the engineer calling first thing in the morning to fix the hot water system. I told him that it would have been nice to start the day with more sex but that I needed to get showered and ready for work anyway.

"Will you be here when I get home from work at around five-thirty?" I asked.

"Sadly not Candy," He replied, "Once the heating is repaired I've got to get to London to manage my display stand at an overseas property exhibition and won't be back until around noon on Sunday."

"That's such a pity," I said, "But Ebony will be home sometime on Saturday so promise me that you'll have lunch with us on Sunday, I know she'd love to meet you and I can assure you that she's just as friendly as me."

He smiled broadly and replied, "I wouldn't miss it for the world." 

As the engineer entered the front door of the apartment, I made my exit wearing just my red high heels and the robe that Ross had borrowed after his shower. As the engineer gave me a slightly startled look, I kissed Ross softly and said, "See you on Sunday," before skipping up the stairs to my apartment.

Within forty-five minutes I was showered and dressed just waiting for my toast to pop up before heading off to work.

As I waited I sent a quick text to Ebony instructing her not to make any plans for Sunday as I had everything arranged for a very special lunch.