 So it was an early day for the two of us, and we were sitting on the patio of our new apartment enjoying a drink as the sun set lazily below the horizon. The music and alcohol had been flowing, which might have contributed to the loss of inhibitions, but oh well it was fun. 

We had been having a discussion of where we separately previous to our relationship had sex. I had stated the places I had done the nasty with great delight to her surprise. A park bench, a country club parking lot, in the water of a lake, on the beach at a lake, in a glass elevator... Her experiences were more limited than mine. As the evening wore on, the music, light conversation and alcohol began taking a toll. Now completely dark, the only light was cast from inside the house. 

Suddenly quiet fell upon us and I heard a stirring from her end of the patio. I felt her head in my lap, her cheek nuzzling my already engorged shaft through my jeans.

Right there on the patio, with no less than fifty other apartments being able to see what we were doing, she released me and the warmth and wetness of her mouth around my cock was glamorous. Slow but steady she sucked the tip of my cock, licking up and down the shaft. Squeezing the base, she took the head and sucked it as though she were trying to siphon gas from a tank. Her tongue flicked over tip and then licked down the back of my sensitive shaft making me jump. Now wet, her hand softly strokes me twisting around my shaft up and down. Suddenly she releases me and stands. "I am going to go rinse off."

And with that she went into the house. 

A few short minutes later, I went into the house and straight to our bedroom stripping and laying down on the bed prone and very hard to wait for her. When she came from the shower, she saw that I was lying on the bed and needing no encouragement. To my delight she straddled me, knees on each side of my head. Her sweet pussy hovering just above me she pushed back slightly. My tongue snaked out sliding down her slit finding it wet and very warm. She let out a moan and began rocking slightly. I increased my licks along her swollen lips, knowing that she would have rather I centered on her fully exposed clit. As I licked and sucked her pussy lips her moans got louder and I could feel and taste her sweet juices as they started to flow onto my tongue. Knowing what she wanted I closed my mouth over her engorged clit making her catch her breath. Oh's Ahh's were all I heard as she ground her mound against my eager mouth.

As I continued to suck and flick my tongue over her clit faster and harder, she began to shake. "Oh fuck!!! Oh god I am going to cum!!" 

I doubled my assault on her clit feeling her juices run down my chin. "Oh god now!!" and with that her body arched and shuddered, her pussy contracting over my mouth flooding me with her cum. I lapped at it until I had all I could in my mouth and swallowed.

She climbed off of me "I need your cock in me now!!" Without hesitation I rolled her onto her back and spread her legs wide, her still dripping pussy open and waiting for me.

I rubbed my cock along it and with one thrust slid fully into her, holding her ankles above my shoulders.

I was slowly sliding in and out of her using my full length with each stroke. "Harder! Fuck me harder!!" She screamed. With that I began to slam into her with all I had.

Shortly after starting the harder fucking of her sweet pussy, I could feel my own explosion build. "Oh babe I'm gonna cum!!" I moaned. "Oh yes... Cum for me!! Pull your cock out and spray my belly and tits baby!!" 

That was all I needed and I pulled my cock out it spewing cum over her lovely tits, neck, chin and belly. It felt so very good. Resting there between her legs, my softening cock against her pussy I took the towel we had and wiped my seed from her body. In the midst of my explosion she had another orgasm and her juices were again flowing from her. I wiped her clean as she lay contently on the bed.

Still being early in the evening, we dressed in our lounge ware, and went back into the living room. Together as we usually do we sat on the couch watching TV. For about an hour we sat like this, my arm over her shoulders her hand resting aside my cock occasionally grazing it with the backs of her fingers. Soon I was hard again and her hand was wrapped around my cock through my pajama bottoms, my hand under her short gown fingers playing along her again hot wet slit. Just as we were ready to go to the bed for round two, our sixteen year old came through the front door forcing me to hide my already dwindling erection. After some small talk and interaction with the boy, we excused ourselves and went to bed. No sooner was the door closed she came to the bed and said "where were we?" For the next hour we played and played. Oh what fun!!!