  From the last story

The three women comforted each other. I lay down. I was exhausted and couldn't wait to find out what might happen next time. My wife was letting go with her bisexuality and had invited another woman into our bed to give me anal sex. Life just kept getting better and better.



Over the next couple of days, things were pretty much back to normal. I had my weekend outdoor chores and Cindy was doing some indoor cleaning.

I came in on Sunday afternoon and she was on the phone. It was some old friends who had moved out of the area and were passing thru tomorrow night on the way to one of Jack's business conferences. Jack and Louise had lived near us for about 8 years and we had really enjoyed their friendship. Cindy and Louise had kept in touch closely, while Jack and I exchanged an occasional email. Cindy had invited them to dinner. What Cindy didn't know is that one time about 7 years ago, at a neighborhood block party, Louise had flirted with me so much that I had wanted to attack her. She was very much the opposite of Cindy. Whereas Cindy was a small, tight package, Louise was the same height and about 20 more pounds of hips and tits. She was this small voluptuous package that always seemed ready to fuck! She was always touching, feeling, laughing, and playing up to me. I attributed it just to her being friendly until that night. Then I realized that, while we two were alone in the kitchen retrieving more items to take out to the tables set up at the end of the cul-de-sac, she would have gladly fucked me right there. She had practically said so when she tried to feel me up while giving me a kiss. I had had to stop it right there. At that time in my relationship with Cindy, we had not discussed having sex outside our marriage, and I had no intentions of having a quick fling just to get off and possibly ruin the relationship with the woman I loved. Now, however, with the recent changes in our sex lives, I was thinking differently. I might get to sample that. On top of that, playing basketball with Jack at a nearby gym during lunch had revealed that he was "well endowed". His dick appeared to be larger than my 7", although just seeing him walking into a common shower flaccid was not the best way to judge a man's erect size. In any case, this might be my chance to return the tremendous favor that Cindy had done for me by bringing other women into our bed. I was going to try to work this out once they got here.

Monday night, I got home from work and Cindy was wearing a loose pair of shorts and a t-shirt. This would not do for my plans. I changed and then walked up behind her where she was preparing some steaks for me to put on the grill. I put my arms around her and nuzzled her neck. "Honey, why don't you go up and put on that nice pink summer dress that I like so much."

She smiled and turned her head a little. "Feeling a little frisky? So you're going to make me dress up for you, then think about sex all night, and then you think you're going to attack me as soon as they leave?"

"Mmmm." I kept nuzzling her neck. "You know me so well."

She turned and kissed me. "I am feeling a little horny tonight." She indicated the steaks she was seasoning. "As soon as these are ready to go on the grill, I'll go up and change. But you'd better not get too drunk, because I'm going to demand payment on this later."

I smiled, thinking that she had no idea what she was getting into. "Don't worry. You're going to get your meat later."

She rolled her eyes at the bad joke and finished seasoning the steaks. Then she washed her hands and went upstairs to change. I readied the grill and started setting the table. I also made some margaritas. That seemed to be her drink of choice lately when we had our sexual escapades.

She came back down and I handed her a margarita. "Here you go."

She looked at me with a grin. "Trying to get me drunk and take advantage of me?"

"Yes!"

She took my hand and put it under the dress, which went to her knees. She ran it up to her now bald, slightly damp, and uncovered pussy. "Not much preparation needed tonight, hon. If they don't get here soon, I'm going to lay on the table and demand that you have me for an appetizer!"

I grinned and stroked her a couple of times, running my finger up thru her slit. "Mmmm. I like it. We'll just let you simmer for a while, and then you'll be ready for eating later." I pulled my fingers out and licked them.

"Fuck! You'd better stop that or I'm not going to last until after dinner!"

I laughed. "Try to hold on, babe. I'll make it worth your while."

"You'd better!" She went into the kitchen to finish some preparations.

Jack and Louise arrived 10 minutes later. I greeted them at the door and let them in. They still looked the same. Jack was just graying a little around the temples, but he and I had both worked hard to stay in shape and he hadn't let up. Louise was still a hot little firecracker. She was wearing a short skirt and tight top, displaying all her assets. Her tits seemed to beg to be set free. Oh, yes, I definitely wanted to release them from their bonds. I gave her a hug and she gave me a peck on the cheek. 

I led them into the kitchen and they greeted Cindy. Jack and I grabbed beers and went out to the grill to talk sports, shop, and burn some meat. Cindy and Louise followed in a couple of minutes with margaritas to relax in the still nice outdoor temps. Soon the sun was starting to set; the temperature was dropping just a little by the time the steaks were done. I couldn't help but notice that both the beauties were sporting nice nipple erections for our benefit. 

We ate, talked, and enjoyed being with Jack and Louise again. After dessert, Jack and I stepped out onto the deck. I had to figure out how to bring this up. I had no idea what they were like when it came to relationships. I finally decided to take the direct route.

"Jack, how did we get so lucky to have two such beautiful women as our wives?"

He smiled. "I don't know, but we are definitely lucky. Louise looks great, and your Cindy looks fantastic. I don't think she even looks over 32 or 33 years old. How old are you guys?"

"We're both 41. How about you guys?"

"I'm 42 and Louise is 38."

"38?!? Wow! I would have guessed much younger. She has no signs of aging at all."

"Please, tell her that. She is already finding things wrong with her body that she is unhappy with. She thinks she's getting the beginning of crow's feet, laugh lines, saggy breasts, a flabby belly... you name it and she finds something wrong with it."

"Cindy does the same things sometimes. Women can be so self-critical." I decided to push a little into the body part he had mentioned. "But Cindy sure doesn't have to worry about the saggy breasts... she barely has them."

Jack laughed. "Are you kidding? Cindy looks great! She's small and tight, so she doesn't have to worry about gravity like Louise."

"That's true. Louise is... rather large up top." 

"Yeah, she's a curvy one. I love every ounce of her, too."

Was he heading me off with that? I wasn't sure. "You think Cindy looks good? I always wondered what she would look like with a few extra pounds... in the right places."

Jack laughed. "Dude, your wife is hot! Don't tell me you want to improve on that? Don't ever suggest she get her breasts enlarged or anything like that. It would ruin it. She looks good in everything she wears."

He glanced at me at the end, seeing if he had gone too far, but I was just starting. "No, I would never suggest she have cosmetic surgery. I was just wondering what it would feel like to have some big tits to play with. Cindy and I have been married for almost 20 years. It just makes a guy wonder, that's all."

"Yeah... the grass is always greener kind of thing. I know."

"You really think Cindy is hot?"

"Uh... yeah, man, of course." He looked toward the kitchen where the two women were leaning up against the counter talking and laughing. 

I decided to go for broke. "Yeah, but would you fuck her?"

He looked at me for a second. I was smiling lightly and he tried to deflect it. "Hypothetically... yes. She's a beautiful, mature woman."

I laughed. "Please don't say mature around her."

He smiled. "Uh-oh. Sore spot?"

"Oh, yeah. Definitely." I was tired of trying to find a way to bring this up, so I just blurted it out. "Jack, have you and Louise ever... ummm... I mean have you two ever thought about... uhmm... you know, having sex with other people."

Jack stared at me. I thought I had blown it. He stared for a few long seconds, but it was enough to make me think that it was over. Then he turned toward the kitchen.

"Thought about it... yes. Talked about it... yes. Done anything about it... no. Are you asking because you and Cindy want to?"

"Welllllll... Cindy and I have already experimented with another woman." He is eyes went wide at that and he turned back to look at Cindy, as if she would look different now that he knew that. "Look. She basically brought a friend who was in need into our bed and we had sex. After she did that I was thinking that well, you know, it might be interesting to have sex with another couple so that she can have another man."

He turned back to me. "And you thought that guy might be me." He said it flatly, without emotion.

"Ummm. Well, you guys are not local anymore, so if you said no, you and I could just pass it off as wishful thinking and the wives would know nothing about it. If it went bad, then we don't live close so we wouldn't be reminded of it all the time and we could get over it. Even if it went well, at least you are far enough away that we won't get carried away. I don't know. I'm sorry. It was a stupid idea. Please just forget I said it."

He was still staring at me. "Are you sure about this? I mean, Louise and I have discussed it, but we have never had the nerve. I actually think that Louise is really interested, but won't push it because I'm scared it will change our relationship. Hell, I'm already nervous and we haven't even said yes. Does Cindy even find me attractive? Does Louise think you are attractive? Is that necessary? I don't know how this works."

I sagged. "Jack, I don't know how it works, either. We have never swapped partners or had sex with a couple. I'm petrified at the thought of Cindy fucking another man, but at the same time, I love her and she has given me this gift of another woman, so I was thinking of the same kind of thing. We both find the other's wife attractive, so I figured this was the best shot I would ever have at finding a couple that we would feel safe about approaching."

"God! Even if we don't, I will never get the idea of you and Cindy and another woman out of my head. Fuck me! That must have been something."

I let out a big sigh and grinned. "It definitely was."

"If... and I say if... Louise agrees to it, how do we go about it? I mean, who starts, what do we do... whatever?"

"I have an idea on that. We can move into the living room and talk and drink and I'll start teasing Cindy. When she drinks margaritas and gets teased, she's ready for anything. Then you just follow along. If at any time either woman says stop, then we stop and go our separate ways. If they let us continue, then we can enjoy each other. What do you think?"

"Louise definitely loves a little show. If you do that, I'm sure she'll go along with it. Are you sure you want to do this? Will this mess up our friendship?"

"I really don't know. I just know I have this compulsion to do this and you guys are the safest couple I know. I can't imagine trying it with anyone else."

Jack was staring at Cindy again. "Okay. Let's try this."

He and I moved into the living room and turned on the TV just to have it on. We turned the sound down and asked the women to join us. They came in and Cindy sat next to me on the loveseat and Louise next to Jack on the couch. I pulled Cindy close to me and turned so that both of us were turned a little facing Jack and Louise. While we talked, I took my left hand and put it on her knee as I made a point or two and told something funny. It was just normal touching until I left it there. Nobody said anything, but I could feel the sexual tension in Cindy. She had probably been turned on since I ran my finger thru her slit. I started making little circles on the inside of her knee. She looked at me a little funny, but her knees parted just a little. Her dress was still almost down to the tops of her knees so nothing was being shown yet. While talking, I noticed that both Jack and Louise kept glancing down at my hand. 

I noticed movement from Jack and Louise as I slowly worked on tickling the inside of Cindy's leg. The movement was Louise uncrossing her legs. I moved up a couple of inches, but not much. The conversation was not as animated as before and everyone seemed to be paying attention to the opposite couple. Louise was in a miniskirt and at our angle, Cindy and I could see pretty far up under there. I could just make out that she was wearing pale blue panties. Jack had put his right hand on her thigh and was copying me. 

I moved my hand higher and Cindy was starting to breathe a little harder. I was now well above her knee and only about 6 inches from her pussy. She was watching Jack do the same to Louise closely. He was copying everything and now Louise's legs were parted enough to show her panties more visibly.

Suddenly, Cindy pulled her legs together and pushed my hand away. She stood up. "I have to go to the bathroom. I'll be right back."

"Me, too." Louise got up and went after her.

When they were out of earshot, I smiled at Jack. "Well, what do you think?"

"I'm ready man. Louise is giving me the go ahead and I think she's very horny."

I stood up. "Let's switch places and see if the women head towards where they were sitting down without thinking about it or if they won't because of the situation."

We switched places and a couple of minutes later the ladies came back. They headed back to their original positions before they actually realized that we had switched locations. They both stopped when they got to their seats. I looked up at Louise and she looked at me. I patted the couch next to me. "C'mon. Have a seat."

Jack patted the loveseat next to him and the ladies both looked at each other. Cindy then looked at me and I gave her a smile and a nod. She grinned and sat down. Louise sat next to me.

Cindy looked back and forth. "When we went to the bathroom, Louise and I discussed this and thought we knew where this was going, but this is not what we discussed."

"What did you think was going to happen?" When I said that, I put my hand on Louise's thigh and she flinched, but then relaxed.

"We thought you two just wanted to show off your wives to each other. Apparently not."

"No, apparently not." I started running my hand over Louise's thigh and Jack put his on Cindy and did the same.

Louise immediately slouched a little and opened her legs. I moved my hand up to her pussy and looked down. Her panties were gone! Fuck me! I could see a small landing strip and the beginning of her slit. I guess the women were getting ready for us, too! And, holy shit, Louise was soaking wet!

I looked over at Cindy. She watched me touch Louise's pussy. She smiled at me and then stood up. She pulled down the side zipper of her dress, slipped the shoulder straps off, and let it drop to the floor. She was now completely naked. She sat down next to Jack and he was staring. 

"Jesus, Cindy, you look fantastic!"

She smiled at Jack's compliment. "Thank you. But right now I need your hand." He gave it to her and she put it directly on her pussy. She put her head back and he started stroking it. 

Louise leaned back into me and whispered. "I have wanted to fuck you for years." She looked up into my eyes.

I bent over and kissed her hard on the mouth and started stroking her very wet pussy. She broke the kiss, stood up, and stripped off her blouse, bra, and skirt quickly. She turned toward Jack and Cindy and sat on my lap, spreading her legs out on either side of mine. She leaned back against me and I put my arms around her to tease her very large tits and erect nipples. We both watched as Jack fingered my wife. She was moaning and rubbing her own breasts. She loved the attention and was closely watching me play with Louise.

Suddenly, Louise got up off me and grabbed my hands. She pulled me up and we started stripping off my clothes. I was naked in seconds. My erection was already at full mast and she grabbed it. I led her over until we were right in front of Jack and Cindy. Cindy watched closely until we were right in front of them. Then she stood up and she and Jack stripped his clothes off, too. 

Jack sat down and Louise leaned in to me and whispered so that the others couldn't hear. "Jack can have a hair trigger, so let's make sure Cindy gets hers." After saying that, she pushed Jack down on the couch and then turned Cindy and put her back to Jack. "Try it this way, Cin." Cindy backed up toward Jack and Louise knelt down and held Jack's dick up for her. She was staring right at Cindy's wet pussy. Cindy slowly lowered herself down onto his dick and Louise made sure it slowly got wet enough to enter. As Cindy got near the bottom, Louise let go of Jack's dick and ran her hand over Cindy's pussy, flicking at her clit. Cindy groaned. Louise stood up, bent over at the waist, spread her legs, and looked back at me. No words were necessary. I lined my dick up with her very wet cunt and started working it in. Meanwhile, she put her hands on Cindy's thighs and bent over to suck on Cindy's tits. Cindy held her head and moaned. Jack was groaning and Louise was trying to maintain suction on Cindy while I slowly worked my dick back and forth. Louise reached up between her legs with her left hand and grabbed my balls for a second, then let out a low murmur against Cindy's tits. Finally, she took that hand and started playing with Jack and Cindy.

"Oh, yeah!" Cindy loved the attention Louise was giving her.

Meanwhile, Jack was voicing his intentions of an impending orgasm, so Louise went to work on Cindy to ensure she also got off. She was right; Jack had only taken a couple of minutes. Suddenly, Jack announced that he was cumming and Louise was rubbing Cindy to try to get her to an orgasm. Unfortunately, Cindy didn't get there in time. Jack thrust and thrust, filling my wife with his cum. Louise stopped rubbing Cindy and turned to me.

"Pull out for a minute." I did.

Louise turned to Cindy and leaned close. She kissed her on the mouth and then pulled back. "Do you want me to clean up that pretty little spunk-filled pussy of yours?"

Cindy moaned and rose up. She immediately moved to the coffee table and lay back, spreading her legs and showing us her cum-filled cunt. Her bald cunt was swollen and red. The inner lips were protruding, which was a little unusual, and in the middle you could see some cum starting to leak out. Louise and I watched closely. As soon as she lay back, Louise turned to me. "Please, fuck me. Make me cum, baby!"

I waited until she bent over and started eating Cindy. She was slurping and sucking and licking. Cindy came to a full boil almost immediately and was ready to cum. I eased my cock back into Louise and she moaned into Cindy's pussy. I looked over at Jack and he was watching, almost disinterestedly, as the three of us had sex in front of him. I looked down and watched as my dick first pushed into Louise, dragging her inner lips with it, and then as I pulled it out and the inner lips clung to it. I did it slowly and she didn't complain at first. Finally, I could see Cindy's legs come up and wrap around Louise's head as she started to cum. I held onto her ankles as she cinched them tightly. She clamped with her legs and held Louise's head with her left hand as her right worked her own nipples roughly. She came and came, moaning and shuddering with what I imagined was each swipe of Louise's tongue. When she finally relaxed and lowered her legs, then Louise complained and growled her demands at me. 
