 It was already getting late as I glanced at the clock. 

"9:30..." I thought to myself, "He was supposed to be here over an hour ago... maybe something's wrong." 

I sighed to myself and stood from the cashmere sofa, then preceded to trip over the book that I had just laid on the floor a few minutes before. I grimaced at my injured ankle and gingerly picked up the Kama Sutra that Jay and I had bought yesterday. I sat the sex book on the oak table in the living room and walked slowly to the kitchen. I stood on the cold linoleum floor and as I was deciding whether I wanted to open the refrigerator to get a snack or pick up the phone to call Jay, my cell phone rang. My heart jumped as I sprinted back to the living room and dug it out of my new Prada purse. 

"Hello?" I panted as I sat down on the comfy couch. 

"Hey darlin!" His voice chimed at me from the other end of the phone. 

I crossed my legs on the couch and frowned, "You were supposed to be here over an hour ago... I was worried! Where were you??" 

The silence that followed told me that he was trying to think of an excuse. 

"I... I had to work late babe, I thought I told you that yesterday." 

He sounded exasperated at the very thought that I was suspicious of him. 

"Whatever you say Jay... dinner's cold." 

I used the very coldest voice that I could muster hoping that he would noticed how displeased I was with him. 

His voice immediately warmed, "I was just hoping you'd still want to hang out tonight... if dinner's cold, I'll take you out! I mean, it IS your birthday after all!" 

It had slipped my mind that I turned 24 today, it hadn't been much of a birthday what with work and all. 

"I don't really want to go out tonight Jay... but I'll tell you what, why don't you stop by Tommy's burgers and pick us up something to eat? Maybe salvage what we have left of the night?" 

"That sounds like a plan, any requests?" He asked innocently. 

"Onion rings, please" I said in a sexy voice. 

This was our game. We had a love/hate relationship. We were completely different in so many aspects it was hard to believe we'd been together for the better part of 3 years. 

As I hung up the phone, obviously pleased with my man's attempts to make me happy, I lounged lazily on the recliner and let my hand slide down my short, silky black dress. Relishing the warmth of my own hand, yet wishing that it was Jay's. I pulled the garment up to my hips and admired my long tan legs. 

I caressed my upper thighs, gliding across them with my soft fingers, sliding closer and closer to my wet panties each time. I rubbed at my crotch through the silky material, swaying my hips as my finger ground against my swollen clit. 

Finding the panties an obvious hindrance to my objective, I slid the black see through thong off of my supple hips and down my smooth legs, dropping them on the floor. 

I was a pretty attractive woman for 160 pounds. Standing 5'6", I had curvy, luscious hips and a nice 36D chest. With long dark brown hair and pretty brown eyes, I had my share of suitors. But I'd never met anyone who'd made me feel as important as Jay did. 

We met by chance in a grocery store when I'd slipped and twisted my ankle, he helped me up and we ended up exchanging phone numbers and started dating soon after that. 

Jay was a handsome man, at 6', he weighed about 200 pounds, with wavy dark red hair and beautiful hazel eyes, I found myself instantly attached to him. 

Lost in thought, daydreaming about how we'd met, I didn't even notice the door open, and didn't seem to care when I saw him standing over me, fingering myself. 

As I slid my finger in and out of my moist love canal, I bit my bottom lip and stared up at him in lust. Obviously pleased at the display in front of him, a bulge began to swell in Jay's pants. I watched him set the food on the table and before I could stop myself, I raised my finger to my lips and began to suck on it, tasting my juices. 

And as the bulge in his pants began to grow larger, I couldn't help but get on my knees before him and unbutton his pants. I slowly pulled his zipper down and fished his cock out of his boxers. Fully erect now, and a sight to behold, 8" of dick was about to be down my throat.

"Is this what you want JJ?" 

I licked the tip of his penis, tasting his pre-cum. 

"You want me to suck on it like a popsicle?" 

I licked down the base of his rod and swirled my tongue around his balls, taking one in my mouth and massaging the other. He groaned with pleasure and begged me to suck on it. 

I smiled to myself enjoying what power I had over him. I licked back up to the tip, taking time out to make sure he was sufficiently wet before attempting to deep throat his manhood. As I began to blow him, he moaned louder and his knees buckled. 

I could tell he couldn't stand too long like this. But that didn't matter since I had no intentions of letting him cum in my mouth anyways... I let him fuck my throat for what seemed like an eternity, cupping his balls at the same time, I could feel the tension in his sac and decided it was about time to stop the mouth loving and get to the real loving.

"You wanna fuck me Jay?" 

Dumbfounded, he replied, "Yes, please I wanna fuck you now!" 

I smiled slyly, "Well good, because I really want you to fuck me." 

I stood up and as he embraced me, we kissed passionately, I could taste myself in his mouth. Our tongues swirled as we exchanged saliva. I grabbed his hand and led him towards our bedroom. 

The lights were off and the curtains pulled as I shut the door behind us. I grabbed a matchbook from my dresser and struck it, a glow of bright orange in the center of the room. 

I quickly found the candles from my drawer as I heard Jay strip and lay on the bed. As I set the newly lit candles around the room, I decided on vanilla incense for the evening. As I bent down to retrieve a fallen match, I felt a presence behind me. A second later, his hands on my hips and his hard cock grinding against my pantiless pussy. 

I jumped and stood then turned around and gave him a playful smile, I could tell that he wanted me from the look in his eyes. I wrapped my arms around his neck and pulled him towards me, he grabbed my legs and lifted me up and sat me on the dresser. 

He slowly lifted my dress up over my head and threw it aside. I grabbed one of his hands and slowly licked his middle finger, and as I slid it into my mouth and sucked on it, I felt a twinge between my legs, his cock getting even harder. 

He used his other hand to caress my breasts and nipples. I moaned around his finger as he pinched my nipple hard. I released it from my mouth to kiss him, but as I moved my mouth towards him, he dropped to his knees in front of me, and put my legs over his shoulders then buried his head between my thighs. 

I felt the immediate wet pressure of his tongue on my clit. He knew how to make me cum, and he did it well. As he twirled his tongue around my clit, he slid his middle finger inside me. I moaned in ecstacy as he sucked on my engorged love knob. I tightened my vaginal muscles as a wave of pleasure came over me. 

I grabbed his hair and pulled him up towards me, kissing him passionately and savoring my flavor. I pushed him away then, and got to my feet. As we both stood in front of the bed, I pushed him onto the soft mattress and straddled him like a horse. 

I never was a fan of me on top, so a few minutes of kissing and then he rolled over on top of me. Lost in a fog of passion now, his hard cock was inside of me, pushing harder and harder. How I loved the feel of him inside me. I could feel the heat between us then, as our rhythm slowly increased in speed. I screamed with pleasure as he thrust deeper inside of me, I'd never cum from sex before, but this felt different. He grazed my clit with each thrust, arousing me to no end and as I felt his balls tighten against me, I felt my own climax build. With one final thrust I groaned as I felt pure pleasure through my body. 

He had cum inside me, and we lay kissing before he pulled out of my now stretched cunt. His seed was leaking out of me as I rubbed my clit, not sure if I was going to try for another orgasm or not. He had laid to the side of me and was now watching my finger vibrating on my button. 

"Do you want me to clean you up?" He panted, obviously not ready to go to sleep. 

I smiled a "Yes" to him. 

I closed my eyes and felt the bed shift. I felt his hot breath as he spread my pussy lips. He tongued my clit and licked all the way down, almost to my ass, then licked all the way back up. He pushed his tongue inside me as if it were his cock then fucked me with it. As his cum leaked down to my ass, he licked and sucked on my clit, wanting me to cum once more in his face before the night was done. 

I closed my legs around his head, locking him there, wanting to feel that pleasure once more. I thrust my wet box into his face, as he flicked my clit, I could feel the orgasm build. I pushed his head into me, grabbing his hair and making him stay there, he licked it, he sucked it, he flicked it and finally I could feel the wave of instant pleasure go through me. 

I opened my legs then, and allowed him to move, it was clear he had enjoyed tasting our juices and then being forced to make me cum. The smile on his face was one that I won't soon forget. And as he laid next to me on his side, his arm over my chest he drifted off to sleep, and I thought to myself, 

"What a birthday."