 I get to work and everyone's bitchin' and moanin'. Always a start to a fine day. I sit down at my desk and already there's a note from my boss that reads 'LoreLai, see me ASAP...Mr. Caplain.' Fuck, here we go. I get up from my chair, straighten my short skirt, tug on my blouse, and head towards Caplain's office. As I arrive at the door I hear lots of talking already going on. Great, he's not alone. I lightly knock on the door and hear his gruff voice tell me to enter. I walk in and as my boss stands up so does a young hot piece of ass sitting in front of him. Tall, black hair, noticeably ice blue eyes, and a chiseled face. Right off the fuckin' cover of GQ. Nice suit...over dressed for this piece of shit hellhole office.

"LoreLai! Thanks for coming in! I need a favor," says Caplain, walking around the desk and toward me.

Fucking great, I think, still noticing this cool drink of water standing before me. "Yes, sir, what can I do for you?"

"This here is Jake Wallace. He's joining the staff today. I, unfortunately, am off to a meeting in Halifax, but I don't want Jake here to go without the full tour. I knew if I could count on anyone to provide it, it'd be you."

You can count on me to provide whatever the fuck this man needs including a blow job and four-course meal, I think. I say, however, "Yes, sir, shouldn't be a problem at all." Then I turn to Jake, stick my hand out, and say, "Nice to meet you."

"You too, Lore," he says in a sexy, nonchalant voice.

"Ok, I'm gonna leave you two to it," says Mr. Caplain. "I've got to get to the airport. LoreLai, give Jake here the full tour and Jake, get started on the Gibson account after she gets you settled into your office. He'll be in that last office on the left where Cindy used to be." As he grabbed a small suitcase and his coat, he rushed past us calling back, "I'll be back in the office on Monday."

We both watched after him as he stepped into the elevator and left the 9th floor. Finally I turned to Jake and asked, "Ready?"

"Depends...what does the full tour entail exactly?" he asked with a chuckle.

I turned and began to walk away, calling over my shoulder, "Follow me and you'll find out," knowing damn well that he was staring at my ass as he walked a few feet behind me. Good thing I wore my 4" fuck me heels...sends the right message. "So you're taking over Cindy's position?"

"Yeah, I'm starting with the Gibson account, as you heard."

I point to the rooms as we walk down a long corridor..."Copy room...Storage...Supplies...Bill's office...Debbie's office...Men's Room...Women's Room."

"Where's your office?"

"Right next door to yours. We're toward the back of the floor."

"Oh, so we'll be working together?"

"Looks like it."

"Cool."

After taking him through the whole 9th floor, introducing him to the few godforsaken assholes he'd be forced to deal with, I took him to the back of the floor and showed him where our offices were. There were only a few offices back there, most empty. That's where they stuck the newer people to get them out of the way until they decided whether or not you were going to work out. Somehow, I'd managed to get stuck back there permanently. Standing in the doorway to my office, I said, "This is my office." Jake stood next to me and I could feel his manhood from where I was. He was so fuckable, it was unbelievable. He oozed sex. I decided right there and then I'd hafta do him. WWYD...What Would You Do? You would tell me to fuck him for sure. What a great boyfriend you are! I looked down and noticed I'd worn my sexy lil white push up bra under my blouse...the one with the lace. No wonder he hadn't been able to keep his eyes off my tits since we'd been standing in the doorway to my office. I have a great rack and it was on full display this fine morning.

"Nice office," he said, in a monotone voice again.

"Ready to see yours?"

"I'll follow anywhere you lead," he said half with a laugh while he looked down into my eyes. I could feel his body responding to mine as I was responding to his. We exchanged very few words, but the chemistry was unbelievable. Sexual electricity filled the air...all we needed was the opportunity.

I unlocked the door to his office and had forgotten it's set up was a lil different than mine. The light switch isn't on the right of the doorway. I start to feel along the wall and try to find it. It's very dark since we're towards the back of the building. We're lucky to have the goddamned fluorescent bulbs...if I could find the fuckin' switch. He walks in behind me and starts feeling on the wall in the other direction, but as he does so, the door shuts and closes behind him. "Oh shit."

"What?" he asks.

"I can't find the damned light switch," I answer, still feeling slowly along the wall. Finally I run my hand over his and realize he's standing in front of me. I can feel him hovering over me.

"I can't find it either," he says in a deeper voice than before. I can feel him looking down at me even though it's pitch black in the room now. 

I try to catch my breath, and quickly take my hand off his. I end up backing into the desk. "Ouch!"

He reaches forward, wraps his arm around my waist, and pulls me into his body. "Be careful. The dark can be a dangerous place," he says in a low sexy rumble.

"I'm a fan of the dark," I say in a whisper.

"Why's that?"

"For the usual reasons."

"Are you a fan of the dark right now?"

"You haven't heard me complain as of yet."

Without another word, Jake leans in and kisses my lips hard. Ramming his tongue past them, kissing me hungrily. I finally wrap my arms around him and grind his hips tight against me. Sucking his tongue into my mouth...kissing him harder than he kissed me as though it was a fuckin' contest. Finally he pulls away and says "I've been wanting to do that since the moment I laid eyes on you."

"I have no doubt about that."

"Ya know what else I've wanted to do?"

"What?"

He reaches up under my skirt, and rips my panties away from my body. He backs me up and lifts me onto his desk. "I want my cock inside you...right fuckin' now."

"Then what are you waiting for?"

Without another word, he unbuckles his pants, pulls out his cock, and shoves it inside me hard. I'm leaning back on his desk, my hands behind me, as he begins to fuck me. I arch up into him and he reaches around and pulls me forward onto his cock by my hips. Both hands on my hips, he slams me down onto his cock over and over again. Heavy breathing fills the air along with the sweet scent of my cunt. No words, just lil grunting noises until finally he pulls me off the desk and his cock falls out of me. He forcefully spins me around and pulls me back against him. "I'm gonna fuck your ass like it's never been fucked before," he whispers into my ear.

"My man can fuck my ass like there's no tomorrow," I said, thinking back to the session you and I had had the night before.

"Not like this he can't," he says, bending me over the desk. He grabs my legs hard and spreads them apart. "You're about to get it good, you bitch."

He grabs a handful of my hair and pulls it back hard as he rams his cock into my ass. He rips me open and starts to fuck me again. His hips slamming into mine over and over again. His hard thick shaft glistening with my juices ramming in and out of my tight hole. Mercilessly fucking me, using me, taking what he wants. He jerks my head back hard, leans down and kisses my lips. As his tongue penetrates my mouth and his cock penetrates my ass, he moves his hand down and shoves two fingers inside my hot soaking wet cunt. Fucking every hole, owning me from every angle, I have no choice but to succumb to his demands. His mouth demanding I suck his tongue, his fingers demanding me to cum on them, and his cock demanding that I cum harder than ever before. He breaks from our kiss and leans down and bites my neck. I arch back into him, and he cups his hand over my mouth just as I am about to cry out. "Cum on my cock you slut," he whispers. He obviously sensed I was close as my arms and legs began to shake. Moments later, I'm grabbing onto the edge of the desk. 

My pussy begins to seize his fingers and my ass closes in around his cock. My entire body tenses and then explodes onto him. My juices flow all over him as he rides my ass through my cum. Just as my body gives the last lil bit it can, and I begin to come back down to earth, Jake explodes inside me. His cum shoots into me like a fuckin' rocket. His fingertips dig into my hips, his teeth sink into my back, and his cock hammers into me over and over again until every last drop of his cum is in my ass. Obviously lightheaded, he collapses back into his office chair. I lean my hand against the wall...right onto the light switch. I watch as Jake picks my panties up off the floor. As I turn around, I see him wiping his cum off his cock with them. I can't help but smile knowing you will love to see those when I arrive home from work. I begin to straighten myself up....pull my skirt down, tuck in my blouse again, run my fingers through my hair. As I'm satisfied with it, I look up and see him sitting there, his head back, his eyes closed, and his cock still hanging out of his dress pants, half hard.

I reach my hand out and say, "May I have those back?"

"What?" he asks, confused at first, then looking down into his hand to discover my ripped, cum stained panties. "Oh, sorry, I guess I owe you a pair. I normally don't rip panties off a co-worker 'til my second day at the office. My apologies." He weakly smiles up at me and hands me the panties. 

"First time for everything."

"Indeed."

"Well, I'll let you get started on the Gibson account.,"I said, turning and walking towards the door.

"Hey, how about dinner or something after work?"

"Can't, I have a date. Thanks, though."

"How about drinks then before your date?"

"Another time perhaps. Thanks again though," I said, closing his office door behind me.

**************

The rest of the day wasn't as awkward as expected. Somehow after fucking a guy I'd known for a sum total of 30 minutes, I was still able to comfortably work alongside him. We worked on the Gibson file like professionals. As 5pm rolled around and I began to pack up for the day, I heard a knock on my office door. I looked up to see Jake standing there with his tie loosened and his briefcase in his hand. "Hey Lore, you sure I can't talk you into a quick drink? C'mon my treat...anywhere you wanna go, you name it."

"Raincheck, I promise," I say with a smile, thinking how lovely that raincheck will probably end up.

"Fair enough. Have a good time on your date. I'll see ya tomorrow."

"G'nite Jake."

"Hey, about this morning-"

I cut him off and say again, "G'nite Jake."

He smiles. "G'nite LoreLai."

I make my way out of the office, get in my car, and speed off. Unfortunately, I literally speed off, because I'm barely a mile up the interstate and I have blue lights and sirens on my tail. Fuck! This is all I need. I slow down and pull my car off the road and onto the shoulder. I put it in "park", roll down my window, and wait for the cop to come up. I look down quickly...yup, sufficient cleavage, I might be ok yet.

Finally, the cop comes up to the driver's side window and I look at him with doe eyes. To my surprise, he isn't some Barney Fife lookin' motherfucker...he's tall and slim, blonde hair, blue eyes, definitely all-American looking...maybe next month's GQ cover since this month's was already set. "Good evening officer," I said in my most sultry, yet innocent voice.

"Good evening ma'am. Do you know why I pulled you over?"

"I might have been speeding just a tad," I said, looking up at him to see him staring down directly at my tits as I batted my eyelashes. This one's in the bag, I thought. "I'm so sorry, officer. It was such a long day at work. I'm just desperate to get home and get undressed."

"Yes ma'am, though you need to slow it down. You were doing 75 in a 55 mph zone. I'm going to need to see your license and registration."

"Yes sir," I say leaning into the passenger's seat and reaching into the glove compartment to retrieve my registration. As I did so, I could feel my skirt ride up my ass. I was no longer wearing panties...they were securely in my purse. The bottom of my ass was definitely hanging out.I could feel a breeze on it. Oh yeah, this one's in the bag. As I sit up, he shifts where he is standing...obviously "uncomfortable". I handed him the information he asked for, then said, "Again, my apologies. It won't happen again."

"Ma'am, could I get you to step out of the car and back here with me a minute? My computer is acting slow tonight; it'd just be helpful if you could just give me your info as I type it in."

"Certainly," I say as I open my car door, swing my legs out, and stand up slowly. He watches as my long legs walk out ahead of him, my hips sway, my skirt taut over my ass...you could bounce a quarter off it.

"Go ahead and take a seat in the front of my patrol car."

"Sir, yes sir,"I say with a wink as I head to the passenger side of his car. I open the door and step inside, swinging my legs around and crossing them as I point my knees toward the center of the car and shut the door behind me. "What sort of information would you like?"

"Just name, address, that sort of thing," he says as he settles into the driver's seat.

I look over at him and smile. "You could've gotten all that from my license."

He smiles back at me. "Coulda. Would you rather go sit in your car alone or feel protected from the bad guys with a big strong officer at your side?"

"Mmmmmm...this IS a comfy seat."

"Ok, then, first name?"

"LoreLai. Are you gonna write me a ticket?"

"Yes ma'am, I'm afraid I have to."

"Oh officer," I say with urgency in my voice, "please don't. I'm begging you. I promise I will slow down from now on. Just please don't give me a ticket tonight."

"I'm sorry ma'am, but I must. Last name?"

"How can I stop you from writing that ticket?" I ask bluntly. Fuck it. I'm goin' down swingin'.

"Excuse me?"

"What can I do to get you to stop writing?"

"You can't. I've already started writing."

"There must be ways to make you stop."

"No one's found them yet," he said with a smirk as he continued to write.

"I'm sure I could distract you."

"You do seem to be good at that. It's taken all I've got to have written your first name alone."

I run my finger along my breast just above the lacy part of my push up bra. "C'mon officer...stop writing. Let's chat." He watched my finger intently. It was obvious he had a decision to make. "What's your name?"

I'm Mike."

"Ok, Officer Mike, you've stopped writing. So now what?"

"You tell me."

"You saw I'm not wearing any underwear, didn't you?"

"Yes, I noticed that."

I sat back, hiked up my skirt a lil, and spread my legs wide. My pussy came into full view. He gasped as he noticed the lil V-shaped patch of auburn hair. I wet my index finger, sucking it into my mouth momentarily, meeting his gaze, then I reached down and ran it along the slit of my cunt. Mike just stared on in amazement. I sat back in the passenger seat, tilted my head back, closed my eyes and began to moan. I reached down and pulled my breasts out over the top of my bra so Mike could watch them bounce as I finger fucked myself in the front seat of his patrol car. I put on a good show for him. Shoving one then two then three fingers inside myself. Panting, moaning, my hips bucking up into my hand as I did a splendid job bringing myself to orgasm right there all over the seat. My juices dripped down my thighs and onto the seat as my body finally stilled. I purred and moaned then finally looked over at Mike. He'd sat back in his seat and was staring at me while he stroked his hard thick shaft that seemed to be resting comfortably in the palm of his hand as he slowly stroked it. He stared at me with such lust in his eyes. I reached over and inserted two of my cum laced fingers past his lips and into his mouth. He moaned and closed his eyes...sucking on them in the same rhythm to which he was stroking his cock.

I leaned over into the driver's seat and whispered, "Mike, what else do you want?"

He opened his eyes and looked over at me as I removed my fingers from his lips. He just looked at me for several minutes, the said, "Come here and ride my cock."

I smiled, then, without another word, I climbed on top of him, straddling him, and lowered myself onto his hard thick shaft. I let out a moan as he entered me, tossed my head back as he leaned forward and took both my breasts in his strong hands and brought one of my nipples to his lips. He sucked it into his mouth as I began to rock my hips back and forth across him. His cock gliding effortlessly in and out of my hot wet cum-filled cunt. As I moved back and forth, I could feel something leaking from my ass...Jake's cum no doubt. I leaned back onto his steering wheel and thrust forward and downward onto his cock. He just watched as his cock entered and exited my body over and over again. His glistening manhood so hard and thick against my soft wet folds. I reached up and pinched my nipples as I could feel my pussy beginning to spasm a bit. Suddenly, Mike grabs my face in his hands and pulls me forward to him. He says gruffly, "Listen here you lil whore, you're gonna cum on my cock you hear me? I want you to feel that pussy spasm around my cock then I'm gonna shoot a hot thick load of cum deep inside you, do you hear me?"

All I could do was nod and look down. I too watched his cock go in and out of my body as my orgasm built up and up and up. Finally, I grabbed onto his shoulders, pushed down hard on his cock once more, and felt my pussy seize his cock. A flood of wetness sprayed onto Mike's cock. He was covered in my cum, which only made him hungrier. He grabbed me by my hair and demanded I kiss him. I gathered myself together, then leaned forward and rammed my tongue past his lips and kissed him hard. Suddenly, he broke from my kiss and let out a loud moan, tossing his head back and slowing his hips as his cum emptied from his cock and into my cunt. I leaned back on the steering wheel and watched him slowly come back to earth. It was obvious he hadn't cum like that in a long time. I looked down and saw the wedding ring on his left hand...married...nope he hasn't cum like that in forever. Finally, he looked up at me and smiled. "I guess I could just let you off with a warning."

In my best southern belle accent, I said, "Oh would you kind sir? That'd be just lovely of ya, darlin'," and I quickly climbed off his cock and back into the passenger seat. Didn't bother straightening myself out much since I was on my way home. 

"Look at this mess!" Mike exclaimed. I looked down towards his cock and saw huge loads of cum all over him. 

I had an idea. "Don't move!" I ran to my car, grabbed my purse, and returned to his patrol car. I pulled out my ripped, already stained panties, and began to wipe our cum off his cock. My white cotton french cut panties were barely white. Stain after stain on them now. 

Mike, thinking I was being the good samaritan, just said, "Thanks." Then he shoved his cock back into his blue uniform pants and zipped them up.

"No problem," I answered with a smile.

"C'mon lemme walk you to your car so you can head home." He got me safely into my car, shut the door behind me, and watched as I put my seatbelt on. "Thanks LoreLai," he said softly.

"Tell ya what, Mike," I began as I smiled up at him, "I just won't look at my speedometer when I drive home from work from now on. We'll be seeing more of each other I'm sure."

He laughed and said, "Yes, I look forward to pulling you over again soon."

"You do that," I said, then sped off.

A few minutes later, I arrived home. I walk in the front door and you're there on the couch with your martini watching TV looking smug as ever. Not for long. 
