 College life wasn't as fun as Katie had imagined it, even though she had survived her freshman year and now was a "sophisticated" sophomore. Sure, it was nice to be independent, and going to school in Sunny Florida was a nice departure from her home in Maine – especially since it was now well into Fall. Her sorority life was good – she got along with almost everyone except for chapter president Julia ("How could they elect that fucking bitch president?" she thought after elections at the start of summer). She also had some interesting courses, and enjoyed her regular workouts in the campus health club and swimming pool. But something was missing.

Katie likely didn't want to admit it, but her "love life" was likely the source of her malaise. Her boyfriend James was as boring as his name was common. He came from a wealthy family, wore nice clothes, was vice-president of a big name fraternity, got decent grades (though no rocket scientist), and drove a fancy car. He even had a really big dick. But the infrequent sex she had with him was – well, it was like Labor Day, not like the Fourth of July. There were no fireworks; no passion; no zest. Yeah, she really wasn't able to crystalize it in her brain, but that is what she wanted—actually what she needed – some "zest" in her life.

What made things worse was that Julia had what Katie suspected was a great boyfriend who, as far as Katie was concerned, she treated like shit. Blake was as exciting as his name was rare. He was a big, friendly, super-smart, good-looking junior. He was at least 6' 5", probably 225 lbs., with big muscular arms and shoulders, and curly blond hair hanging half way to his shoulders. He usually wore sunglasses, but the times that – minus shades – he conversed with and stared at Katie with his deep blue eyes, she felt a tingle in her nether regions. But conversations with Blake were rare because one of Julia's awful qualities was jealousy. Julia would have a raging bitch attack if Katie – or anyone else – appeared to show even the slightest interest in Blake, or he in them.

Halloween was coming up, and James had invited Katie to an off-campus "All Hallows Even" costume party. She wasn't real excited about it, but thought she should get some sort of lame costume just to fit in. A Halloween and Thanksgiving "pop-up" retail store was open in the Mall only a few blocks from the sorority house, so when Katie had some free time she went there to browse.

As she was approaching the store, Blake was exiting, a package under his arm. When he saw Katie he immediately took off his sunglasses, and smiled.

"Hi, Katie. I see great minds think alike, and you're getting a Halloween costume. Going trick-or-treating?" (They both laughed).

"Though not old and worldly like yourself, Blake," (again they both laughed), "I am a little too old for trick-or-treating. I'm going to the off-campus 'All Hallows Even' party."

"No kidding. I am too."

"With 'sweet' Julia I suppose," Katie said sarcastically, unable to stop herself. But before she could blush or overtly express how mortified she was with her cattiness Blake started laughing.

"I never heard anyone describe Julia as 'sweet' before."

"Geez, I'm sorry, Blake, I didn't intend to be nasty. I, uh, well..."

"No need to explain yourself, Katie. I know she's been mean to you without good reason."

Wanting to quickly change the subject lest she appear spiteful, Katie babbled, "So what are you going to be for Halloween – looks like you got a fancy costume."

"I can't tell you Katie – it's a state secret – you'll just have to wait until the party."

"What if I pinch someone thinking it's you and it isn't?" Katie smirked.

"You're on your own there babe, best keep your hands to yourself," Blake chuckled. "So what character will you flatter by imitating her?"

"I haven't decided yet, but since your identity is a state secret I'm not sure I'd tell you anyway," Katie teasingly chided with a sly smile. It was about that time that Katie noticed that Blake seemed to like her outfit. He seemed to spend as much time looking at her chest and pelvis as he did at her eyes.

"Actually, Katie, if you wore those white cutoffs you have on now, a no-midriff top, tevas, and your hair in a Daisy Mae – or Daisy Duke – bow, you'd be the hit of the party."

That comment almost floored Katie, and made her think all those hours in the gym and pool may have been worthwhile. She was proud that she kept her composure, though, and with just one hard swallow continued, "Well, I probably should get something a little different. Can you at least tell me what brand or general type of costume you got?"

"OK; I got a 'True Lust' costume."

"What's that?"

"Ask the sales dude," Blake said with a smile.

After another minute or so of small talk, Blake left and Katie walked to the store. She wasn't sure because Blake had his sunglasses back on, but looking at the reflection in the pop-up store window it appeared that Blake was watching her go up the steps to the shop.

Intrigued by Blake's comment – as well as his reaction to her – Katie immediately asked the first store clerk she saw about "True Lust" costumes.

"That's a type of costume that just came out this year. A nice marketing gimmick – but I think it's only is a gimmick and not real. Supposedly if you see someone you truly crave, the costume will change somehow. As part of the marketing gimmick, they don't say how," the clerk told her.

Katie was now even more curious. "Where are those costumes?"

After the sales clerk directed her to the location of the "True Lust" costumes, Katie inspected all of them. While they were a little more expensive than she had in mind, they were cute – especially the "naughty schoolgirl" one. "So I cut down on snacks for a month to pay for it," Katie rationalized as she handed over her cash at the sales counter. "Who knows, maybe there will be something magical at 'All Hallow Even'."

The night of the party, Julia was waiting in the sorority house living room for Blake when James picked up Katie. Not only James, but every guy hanging around, was wide-eyed when they saw Katie's costume. 

Katie's schoolgirl costume wasn't just "naughty;" it was downright "sinful!" Three quarters of the creamy thighs of her long shapely legs were visible below her "hardly proper" skirt, and the skirt actually parted in front and rear to reveal "briefs." Her adorable bellybutton highlighted her bare midriff, while her crisp pleated blouse exposed much more flesh than it covered. The blouse had two fewer buttons than it should have, accenting the valley between her milky breasts. Her long flaxen hair was fashioned into unbraided pigtails, or "bunches." Completing the look were bobby socks and saddle shoes.

While the guys were slobbering or speechless, Julia was shooting daggers, her relatively modest "Pirate Girl" outfit clearly upstaged. When she overheard James' conversation with Katie revealing that Katie would be at the same party she was, Julia vowed to herself that she would never let Blake get near that tramp tonight.

While the vast majority of the guests had gotten into the spirit of the celebration and wore scintillating costumes, none got quite the attention that Katie's did. Considering all of the 'grab ass' directed her way that James was either oblivious to or proud of, the evening certainly wasn't boring for Katie – but not exactly a great time either. As James was yukking it up with some of his fraternity brothers, all apparently determined to kill a slew of their brain cells by chugging a grain alcohol punch, with her alcohol-challenged beer Katie decided to find out what costume Blake had purchased. He wasn't hard to find – the tallest guy in the party place.

As Katie wended her way toward Blake, fending off pats on her rear the best she could, Blake saw her approaching, broke off his conversation, and cleared a pathway for her. Katie almost spewed her beer through her nose as she laughed when she got a good look at Blake – he was dressed as Conan The Barbarian! The tunic looked too small for him, and exposed all of his muscular arms, and most of his legs, though they were in tights. He had a jeweled headband and beaded belt.

After she stopped giggling Katie asked, essentially yelling over the din of the crowd, "So which Conan are you, Arnold Schwarzenegger , or Jason Momoa?" 

"Hey, those guys are fake, I'm the real thing." 

"Oh yeah, how's that?" 

"At least a dozen people came up to me tonight and said 'You know, you really are a barbarian.'" 

Katie had made the mistake of taking another sip of beer just before Blake said that, and ended up spewing it all over his tunic. 

"I'm so sorry Blake, I didn't expect that line – or for you to be proud that people called you a barbarian." 

"Hey, why wouldn't I be? Aren't you proud when people tell you you're a sexy schoolgirl?" 

"So far people haven't said much – just grabbed my ass." 

"I can see why. So, naughty schoolgirl, did you get a 'True Lust' costume?" 

"Hell yeah." 

"Did they tell you how it's supposed to work?" 

"Just if you encounter someone you really crave something happens." 

"Did they tell you what?" 

"No, did they tell you, Blake?" 

"No, they weren't specific, but I'm sure it's just bull..." Suddenly Blake stopped talking and got a quizzical look on his face. He was looking down from his 6' 5" height toward Katie's 5' 6" frame. "Let's move into the light a second," Blake continued. 

When the dynamic duo got near a lamp and they took a good look at each other, they blurted out – almost in unison – "Did you see your costume?!?" When they looked at their own costumes, Katie saw that hers had a ragged opening so that it was essentially crotchless, and Blake saw that his had a tear at the crotch with his almost completely erect dick sticking out of it. They both instinctively covered up with a hand, looked at each other and laughed, and then Blake said "Let's go upstairs and find out a way to fix them." 

They left their drinks on a table and scurried upstairs, covering their crotches with their hands. Only one door was unlocked, some sort of a study room or glorified closet, so they opened it and they both went in. 

As he was trying to see how his costume had torn, in a half-serious tone Blake asked "Do you think that is what they meant when they said a 'True Lust' costume would change?" 

When Blake said that, Katie's smile turned into a reflective expression. She moved her fingers around the opening in the crotch of her costume. She was soaking wet – and when she looked at Blake she knew why. She couldn't fool herself any longer – Blake was a god to her compared to James. As she stared at Blake while he inspected his tear, she saw realization dawn on his face too. Could he really feel the same way toward her? 

"That's what happens with these things, isn't it; my crotch ripped when I saw you and my dick snapped to attention, didn't it?!" Blake more stated than asked. After that statement, Katie saw no reason to be demure. With her azure eyes intensely staring into his she proclaimed, "I'll bet my crotch dissolved because I got wet looking at you." 

There was only silence for the next minute as the crotchless-costumed pair gawked at each other. Then Blake grabbed Katie's shoulders with his strong hands, drew her close to him, and kissed her passionately. To Katie this kiss had 10 times the pizazz of any she had ever received from James, and she returned it with equal vigor. Their tongues explored each other as the kiss lasted, and lasted. But consistent with their 'True Lust,' neither was satisfied with a kiss. 

When they finally moved their lips apart, Blake peered into Katie's eyes again, and seeing her eagerness reverberating his own, he picked her up, spun her around like a doll, and brought her crotch even with his mouth, as she grabbed onto one of his legs with one hand, and his now enraged cock with the other. 

The light in the small room was sufficient for him to see how absolutely spectacular her glorious gash was. The prominent mound between her silky thighs exhibited an elongated triangular slit, with thin but well defined pussy lips, concealing her clitoris at the top, and terminating in a provocative bulb of flesh at the bottom. Holding her lithe body in position with just his left arm, Blake's tongue penetrated the sensuous fissure before him, while the fingers of his right hand spread Katie's pussy lips apart and vibrated the inviting bulb. He quickly exposed her love bead and flicked it with his tongue, and nursed it with his lips, as two fingers easily entered her lubricated channel in search of a G-spot. 

As Blake was furiously attending to Katie's luscious vaginal territory, Katie was enjoying Blake's equipment. She fondled his testicles while she sucked the enlarged head of his cock, and stroked the shaft, twirling her tongue as she did. That is she stroked, fondled and sucked until the reaction of her clitoris and G-spot to Blake's zeal made anything except screaming impossible, as her body was wracked with a powerful orgasm. 

Katie's orgasm had barely started to subside when Blake lowered her head and beseeched her to put her hands on the floor. As Katie partially supported herself with her arms Blake gently spread her thighs apart and pushed his raging hard-on into contact with her slit. Katie's body was perfectly proportioned, and correctly angled, so that her vagina could easily receive Blake's manhood. 

As he held Katie up by her delectable thighs, Blake slowly but purposefully penetrated Katie's love canal, burying himself completely. The deep penetration sent bolts of pleasure through both of their nervous systems. Blake started reciprocating his pleasure tool within her, first deliberately, then quickly, fluctuating the intensity of his onslaught. He also periodically lifted or lowered her thighs to change the angle of attack as well, and periodically rotated his hips. The spikes of exultation and buzz of elation that coursed through both of their bodies resulted in virtually a continuous fifteen minute climax for Katie, and a mammoth ejaculation followed by the first "aftershock" orgasm in Blake's experience. They swore that a thousand Roman Candles had just gone off in the room! 

Both participants were completely drained by the time Blake's "aftershock" hit. Fortuitously Blake did not collapse, but gently went down on his knees and slowly withdrew his still erect tool from Katie's saturated kitty. They instinctively gravitated to each other's arms, and though almost comatose, planted sporadic kisses on each other's necks, shoulders, foreheads, and mouths. After about twenty minutes, as they both were starting to rally, Blake laughed "That's the first fuck I've ever had with all my clothes on – except for the hole in my crotch." 

"Me too," Katie chimed in, "but if that's why it was so mind-blowing, I'm keeping my clothes on all the time." 

"Actually, I don't think that had anything to do with it. I think it was an overpowering mutual attraction. But whatever it was, that was by far the best sex of my life – almost a different experience." 

"Do you think it's possible to top it?" Katie queried, while batting her eyelashes at Blake. 

"No, but I'd sure like to try to duplicate it." With that Blake started taking Katie's top off while staring intently as her perky tits were fully exposed. He then removed her crotchless skirt, but left her socks and saddle shoes on while he stared longingly at her bare matchless pelvis and thighs, and played with a nipple. 

"No fair," Katie pouted, as she removed Blake's tunic and tights, and started stroking his cock again. It quickly came back to life as she licked her lips, and pushed Blake's back against a wall. 

"What would Julia say if she knew you were fucking me, big boy?" Katie teased. 

"Julia and I were history the second I stuck my tongue in your delicious cunt." 

"Oh yeah, why is that?" 

"Because the only reason I put up with Julia's shit was because she was a good fuck. But when she told me tonight I had to stay away from you – and then I saw you in that smokin' hot outfit – I thought to myself 'maybe I can have it all, a good fuck and someone with a great personality.' By the time I stuck my tongue in your cunt I knew it was going to be more than a good fuck, and now that I know it was the best possible, why would I go back to that bitch? Unless you don't want me?" 

With that, Katie got a diabolical smile on her face, and straddled Blake as he extended his legs out from the wall. She ran a finger over the cum leaking out of her pussy, licked it, and slowly lowered herself onto his upright pole, while she moaned "What do you think? I think it's time for a refill," as her entire body shuddered while she impaled herself. 

In the following days poor, "victim," Julia could do nothing but bemoan how horrible Katie was to steal her boyfriend. After three weeks of Julia's crap, Blake enticed Katie to move into his off-campus apartment with him. Now everything is more wonderful for Katie. The sun shines brighter, her classes are more exciting, her workouts more invigorating. Since she gets Blake's tongue and cock in her pussy virtually every day – and numerous times on weekend days – Katie's life has more zest that an orchard-full of citrus fruit.