 It was a chilly Midwestern autumn night, and the darkness coupled with a light mist of rain gave the night a surreal quality. It was time to get out and cut loose. Tonight, the mounting tensions of a week gone badly would dissipate. They hadn't been together for three weeks. They both looked forward to spending some time together.

When he picked her up he wasn't quite prepared for what she was wearing. She usually dressed in jeans and a t-shirt. The first thing that struck him as she walked to the car was her long legs. He had never seen her in a skirt so short or heels so high; her legs seemed endless. His mind began to wander. "Fuck the club, or fuck her?" he thought to himself. He wanted to skip the new club they were supposed to be checking out and get a cheap motel room and violate her. He was so caught up in his thoughts he didn't notice the black lipstick and nail polish until she opened the car door. He'd never seen her in it before; it was sexy as hell.

"Did I ever tell you how much I love your legs? I want to lick them right now. I think you've given me a pantyhose fetish." He was serious, but she just flashed a big smile. 

"That's silly. If you lick them we'll never make it to the club, and for once it we be nice if we stuck to our plans," she said sternly. He had to agree, they did miss the comic book convention last weekend.

As she opened the car door, she noticed that he was wearing all black, and because the night was cool he was wearing a black leather trench coat. The smell of leather turned her on. As soon as she got in the car he plunged his hands between her legs and began rubbing her clit through her pantyhose. It was chilly out and he wanted to warm up his hands. Her heart began to pound; she was growing wet already. She thought about skipping the club, but they had already arrived. She felt relieved as they found a parking space and stepped out of the car to feel the autumn mist cool her off from the steamy ride.

Once inside, they were both struck by the intimacy of the place. The club itself was a labyrinth of interconnected rooms separated only by strings of wooden beads, and at one time it had been an old Victorian three-story home. After exploring a series of small rooms, they ordered drinks, and headed upstairs. They soon found themselves on the top floor sitting on a plush couch. .

They wasted no time tasting each other. The smell of leather was driving her wild; she kissed him hard and deep. She was hungry for him; she wanted to taste him. 

"I want to fuck you. We could do it right here or in the bathroom," he said. He was breathing heavily; his eyes were glazed with desire.

But she wanted to wait; she liked being teased. He was rubbing her clit and licking her ear. Her panties were soaked. His dick was rock hard; they were both on the verge of fucking right there. Occasionally they could hear the beads hitting each other as a person wandered into the room heading out onto the balcony. Their activities were obscured only by his black leather trench coat. 

No one could see her hand furiously stroking his dick or his glistening precum. But someone did see her remove her hand from beneath his coat and lick her fingers like a cat. Her short skirt was well above her crotch. They were drifting closer and closer toward ecstasy and could care less about the world around them. 

Their erotic play was finally broken up by a group of people laughing as they walked through to go out on the balcony. They decided that they both needed a drink. She was working on her second drink and thinking about leaving. "Who cares about the burlesque show?" she thought. She felt like she would cum if he was to touch her again. She was startled when someone tapped her on the shoulder.

"Stand up honey, you're gettin' a spanking," said a very tall and voluptuous Dom. 

"What?" she said nervously. Their activities were usually restricted to the bedroom, and, besides, she was the BDSM freak, although she had always suspected that he was a closeted sadist. This was definitely a change for her; she liked to be in control.

"Hard or soft," said the Dominatrix as she raised her cat-o-nine tails.

"Hit her hard; she can take a spanking"

"Bend over the bar stool, .I'm going to pull your skirt up over your ass. The Dom was now smiling wickedly.

And then she felt the first sting of the Dom's cat o nine tails across her left ass cheek. At the same time, her lover lifted up his shirt and wrapped her hair around his hand and shoved her mouth towards his chest.

"Lick my nipple ring; suck it you bitch." He had never really spoken to her like that before and it was turning her on. Her cheeks flushed—she was confused, embarrassed, and excited all at the same time. She did as she was told.

As she worked on his nipple ring, his other hand was rubbing her nipple ring through her flimsy tank top. Since he had her pierce it a week ago, it was tender. It was pleasure and agony. Her full breasts swung forward with each blow, and the palm of his hand brushed her nipple ring. It was painfully erotic. The Dom's deft wrist was working up a feverish pace across her ass, legs and back. At one point she glanced over her shoulder and noticed that a small crowd had gathered.

They could only see her long legs and ass, and the look of sheer pleasure on her lover's face. They were both lost in the moment. They forgot that they were at a club, that there was a crowd watching—they were lost in the heat of their passion and the Dom's stinging tails. She could feel the heat building between her legs. Everyone could see how wet she was. Her passion dissipated once her skirt was covering her ass again. The Dom had finished and was paid for her services. 

They suddenly became aware of the crowd that witnessed their show. They kissed deeply. He put his hand between her legs and started rubbing her clit again. Her sex was soaking wet. A moan escaped his lips. The small crowd that had gathered was finally leaving.

"We are going to the car now, and the first motel that I see we're getting a room. I'm going to fuck you," he said with the confidence of a man who knew what he wanted. 

They once again found themselves driving through the cool fall night; they had to fuck. True to his word, they stopped at the first motel. They were both preoccupied by thoughts of devouring one another. It seemed like forever before they finally arrived at the room and opened the door. The heat wasn't on and the room was chilly. The cool room felt good after all the heat they worked up at the club.

He immediately pushed her on the bed and pulled her black heels off. Before she could do anything else, he had put her toes in his mouth and was sucking them through her pantyhose. She couldn't take it anymore and neither could he. She was pulling her hair and gyrating.

"Please fuck me" she said with urgency in her voice. "I want you inside of me now." Her voice was barely above a whisper. She was going out of her mind.

"I want to fuck you...fuck me...fuck me...fuck me now..." she begged. He was coming unglued.

He loved it when she begged for his dick. She knew how to turn him on. Something in her brought out the animal in him. He spread her legs and began to lick her. She was moaning; her cheeks were flushed. She was on the verge of an orgasm and her body was tighter than a piano wire. He felt her mounting orgasm and quickly inserted two fingers into her soaking wet pussy. His hand was drenched and he could feel her muscles contracting. He was sucking her harder. He only now remembered that he hadn't even gotten undressed because his dick was straining against his pants.

He quickly undressed, and she pulled him to the bed and put her head between his legs. She licked the head of his dick, and then she started licking the shaft up and down like a popsicle. "I love the way you suck my dick. It feels so fucking good." He felt like the luckiest man in the world.

She was sucking the head of his dick and flicking her skilled tongue across the head of his dick and sliding her soaking wet pussy up and down his thigh. 

"Oh my God that feels so fucking good. Don't stop," he said as he pushed her head further down onto his cock. "You fucking slut, take all this dick." He could feel his cock hitting the back of her throat. She took his dick deeper and deeper into her mouth; she was sucking him and running her tongue up and down his shaft at the same time. She was fucking him with her mouth. He was cursing. He couldn't stand it anymore and exploded in her mouth. She swallowed every last drop.

Even though he had cum, he was still hard; he wanted all of her. He flipped her over and took her from behind. She was soaked and he thought that he was going to cum again. He pulled her hair and smacked her ass which was red from the Dom's previous session. The red lattice work the Dom left on her ass was pretty impressive. The room was filled with the sounds of their moans and his balls thumping her ass from behind He pressed her head and shoulders into the bed, and her long locks splayed across the bed. She was so fucking beautiful at that moment; she had submitted to him. He pumped harder and she squeezed him like there was no tomorrow.

With each thrust, they grew closer to an orgasm. His dick was rock hard and her pussy was soaking wet. He pushed faster and faster; their whole world was that moment. They were lost in hedonistic pleasure. They came loudly in unison and collapsed. He collapsed on top of her exhausted and sweaty. They got dressed, and went to turn in the key. The desk clerk was gone, so they kept it—room 121. No doubt they'd be back again. 

Thanks to Stenvis for his editing assistance!