 She felt light headed, her mouth somewhat dry as the alcohol began to take its effect. Smiling carelessly she looked into his eyes, her old long lost school friend, her ex's good mate, and now her friend. He looked charming, handsome, and his muscles showed out superbly in his tight shirt. As he turned to get himself a drink of water, her gaze cast down to his tight dress pants where his round, muscled butt pressed firmly against the material. She felt her juices flow, tension had existed between them for some time, and now on this hot summer night she felt liberated, horny and pleasantly drunk. He was, as normal, sober and he made light jokes forcing her to smile, he loved her smile, he enjoyed her company greatly. 

He returned, and she noticed his cock outlined in his pants, he was just as aroused as she was she realised, her emotions aflame, the image of his hard cock pressing against his pants making her feel dizzy. She was wearing a short black mini skirt, a boob tube and some nicely placed make up, she looked beautiful, but she never thought so, though all her male onlookers thought otherwise. She had a sexy essence that caused a stirring in the loins of most men, and he was no different. Sitting next to her on the bed they conversed, she giggled and touched him lightly. She rubbed his arm, which flexed at her touch.

"I’m sooo sleepified" She remarked.

"You’re always sleepified. As for me, I’m hornified" he smiled.

"Ha ha, charming" she smiled her eyes drifting up to his.

She leaned forward and kissed him, he returned the kiss, their lips joined combining in a delicious dance, her hands went down to his hard cock, and she rubbed it gently. He followed her actions and brought his hand to her breast, his thumb stroking it lightly through the thin satiny material of her top. He began to kiss her lightly, moving his warm mouth to her neck, he pecked small kisses against her. She could smell his cologne, it made her spin wonderfully. His tongue lashed out, and went to her ears as he lightly kissed and sucked her lobes, while his strong hands massaged her flanks. As she lay back onto the bed, he kissed down her soft torso, he kissed through her top teasing her firm breasts. His hands massaged her thighs, as his mouth travelled down below her navel, kissing through her dress he could smell her sweet musk and it drove him wild. His mouth pressed against her mound, she pressed up against him. 

No words were spoken as their passionate feelings intertwined through the air. He rolled her skirt up her thighs, eyeing her panty-covered crotch; she wore a g-string that accentuated her womanly figure. He licked against the silky surface of the g-string, his saliva and hot breath soaked through to her already wet mound. Pulling her soaked panties down he looked in delightful awe at her womanhood, pressing his face against her he flicked out his tongue, it stabbed into her clit, lashing over it as he gradually increased the pressure. 

She writhed at his licking, his hands firmly held her thighs, soft groans escaped her lips. He moved his tongue down to between her soft folds, his thumbs took over rubbing against her clit, his tongue pumped into her hole, he nuzzled his mouth deep into her licking and sucking her nectar. She felt powerful, fantastic jolts of delight engulf her. He moved his tongue down between her soft cheeks to her puckered rose bud, she squirmed at this new sensation, his tongue probed her there, as his thumbs slick in his saliva and her juices massaged her erect and throbbing clit. 

After tickling and sending waves of pleasure to her lowest erogenous zone, he moved his mouth back up to her clit, which craved his hot, warm attention. His fingers gently and slowly probed her holes rubbing around them as his nibbled gently on her hard clit. He pressed his fingers into her slick vaginal opening, she gasped at this penetration as his ministrations on her clit intensified. She could feel it approaching, deep within her loins, a hot erotic eruption begin, his mouth and fingers sending her to a delicious skyward peak. Sensing her climax, he continued to increase his tongue play, she shuddered and exploded in orgasm, as her body ruptured like a pent up volcano, gyrating in small quivers she felt goose-bumps pop up all over her sensitive body. He slowed his tongue down and removed his fingers. Lightly licking them he looked into her eyes and smiled.

"You are so beautiful, and taste delightful"

She looked at him, as he removed his shirt revealing his young virile chest, he followed this by removing his pants. His hard, completely shaved cock plopped out in all its rigidness. She grabbed it and felt the smooth lasciviousness of its form. He cupped her breasts as she stroked him gently, his pre cum glistened at the end of his throbbing purple head. He leant forward and sucked on her nipples one by one, her post orgasm state made them extremely sensitive.

He positioned himself between her legs, his hard throbbing member aimed at her inviting hole, he leaned forward, pressing his head against her clit, and then he traced it down between her lips. She enjoyed the teasing. He rubbed her beautiful stomach as he pressed his head in, slowly, teasingly...

Impatiently she rocked her hips forward and felt him stab deep into her. He sighed in pleasure as he felt the liquid velvet heat engulf his hard cock. Rocking against one another, she felt him fill her up, as his hard stomach rubbed into her clitoris, his balls gently slapping against her. He felt the hot and moist vice-like grip as her pussy sucked his cock. For several slow and pleasurable minutes both of them fucked deeply and sensually into the other, there bodies morphed into one beautiful mutation of lustful delight. They each exchanged kisses, he occasionally took one of her nipples into his mouth. 

Changing position, he pulled her up, and she sat on his lap, impaled onto his hard cock. Her legs over his, their chests pressed against the others. This position made her feel his hardness better, he rubbed her back, stimulating her beyond her wildest fantasy...each kissing the other with lustful recklessness. It took only a few minutes in this position, for her to sense another orgasm and he too could feel the impending river of his hot white seed. Laying her onto her back, keeping his hardness inside of her, he extended his legs, dropping into the full splits. Keeping her legs together he pumped into her with great control, his flexible hips slapped against her, both of them felt a giant orgasm approach. 

Faster and harder he fucked deep into her, his flexible body springing him deep into her fleshy depths. Both reached their climax, she screamed, pulling his head down to her breasts as she parted her legs herself, nearly achieving the splits. This sent him over the edge, in one thrust he erupted, a hot jet of cum splashed deep inside of her, her orgasm doubled as she felt his liquid fill her, pulsing jets of cum entered deep inside of her. Overflowing from within her as he continued to pump into her hole, their mixed juices drooled out from within her, she felt completely filled up.

They gazed at each other, smiling supinely. 

"Want to go again?"