 Chapter 1

They say that roughly fifty-percent of all marriages fail. Well, I've only been married once but my percentage is a hundred. Hardly anything not heard a million times before, she had an affair with her boss and he was leaving his wife and she was going with him. You've heard it before, I'm sure.

Well, I suppose there are some good sides to what happened, first, we didn't have children. We'd talked about it, now married about five years, I was thirty, she was twenty-eight, we thought it was about time we did.

Then she quit talking about it. No, I never put it together, I just didn't.

Second, we didn't have a house. It was another thing we'd talked quite a bit about doing, even putting money aside for a down payment, going to some home builder shows, scoping out neighborhoods.

Then she quit talking about us buying or building a house. I might mention the low interest rates and she'd just change the subject. No, I never connected the dots.

We were living in a small apartment building, it was four units that had a central corridor and stairs but was fairly new and clean.

One unit was empty, another had tenants that we never saw or heard, the third was rented a few months ago by a nice lady named Karen who was mid-forties that my wife and I had spoken to several times as we might meet her in our comings and goings.

We did know her well enough to know now that she was an operating room lead nurse separated from her husband of fifteen years and was waiting on the final disposition of their assets to finally settle in some place permanent.

About three weeks after my wife moved out, on a Friday just after noon, I ran into Karen as she was bringing her groceries up to her apartment. I volunteered to help and we soon had everything upstairs. She asked me to stay for a cold drink and when she brought them out, she asked, "Um, I've been a little hesitant to ask but, well, I haven't seen Chloe lately. Is she all right?"

"I guess, don't know for sure. We've split, it appears, she got a better offer from her boss."

"Oh, my. Well, I didn't think I'd seen her recently. Sorry to hear that, Ray. I rather know how it feels."

We talked a while longer about what it's like to go through it all and she was really nice to talk with, very friendly and understanding.

I might stop and tell you that my neighbor was in her mid-forties, certainly attractive and well put-together, a honey-blonde about medium height with a nice figure.

So, we talked a bit more and she asked if I'd come back later for supper and I thought that was nice, especially being a typical male who can barely boil water or do little else in the kitchen. I told her I'd bring the wine and left her to put away her shopping.

At six-thirty, I rapped lightly on her door and she swung it open, smiling, welcoming me in so graciously. She was beginning to become a very nice neighbor, I thought as I handed two bottles of Barolo to her.

"I'll be happy to open one if you want," I said and she immediately handed one right back to me as we walked into her kitchen.

"Mmm, what's on the menu, Karen?" I asked as I took the cork puller from her.

"Manicotti," she said, "and made from scratch, I don't cook from a box or something frozen. You get the real thing when you come here," she said smiling broadly.

She stood there as I opened the wine, nicer looking than earlier, she had obviously gotten herself ready for our evening together. Karen was, maybe, fifteen years older than me, about mid-forties, but she had on a bright, flowered sundress that was showing the tops of her breasts, I was guessing that she had on a low-cut bra of some kind, the view was nice, very nice.

I poured us some wine, a generous amount and we clinked glasses and took some.

"Oh, this is nice, very nice, Ray. You're a good man to have to dinner," she said setting her glass down on the island countertop. She pulled out a drawer and got a pair of oven mitts out and went to the side of the oven, dropped open the door and reached in to bring out the lovely, steaming, bubbly casserole.

Even more lovely was the view I was presented with as she leaned over. I'm no expert on women's lingerie but the bra she had on actually exposed the tops of her nipples. The scene was quite lovely and has a definite effect on my heart rate as blood began to be pumped southward.

I was soon pouring us another glass as she carried the manicotti into her small dining room and we sat down to eat.

She served it up and as she was handing me my plate, I couldn't help but, again, greatly admire the lovely view of her breasts, softly cupped from underneath by her scanty bra. Of course, she looked up right as I was leering down her top, seeing where my eyes were, then glancing down, then back up, smiling, not saying a word, then just sitting down as we began to eat.

"Oh, Karen, this is wonderful. You have a real talent."

"Um, yes, I think you've seen more than one of my gifts. You know, Ray, I understand how it is when one becomes alone in this world, I've been there, still there. So, I understand how one can have needs and urges and stresses that used to be so simple and easy to take care of, but, now, just seem to build without much proper relief. So, I understand," she said sliding her hand across to cover mine.

"So, if you need any relief in how you're feeling, if you get lonely and want some attention, some comfort that a woman can give, I'm here, Roy, I'm here whenever you want me."

Well what she'd just said had certainly caused a certain body part, a rather neglected one of late, to come to full attention as I struggled to assemble an answer.

"I...well, that's the nicest offer I've ever had, Karen. I don't know what to say. That's a wonderful offer and, well, I..."

I thought I knew what she was saying but did I really? What if I'd misinterpreted what she'd offered. So, I added, "Are you saying what I think you're saying?"

"Yes, Ray, I'm here for whenever you might want sex, that's what I'm saying. No strings, just pleasure for us both."

"It's a lovely offer, Karen, I'm quite flattered, actually. You are a very attractive woman and I really haven't done anything to deserve such an offer but I'm sure you mean what you say."

"Oh, I do," she purred, then added, "well, let's finish our meal together and then, perhaps, see what we might want for dessert, shall we?"

I opened the second bottle and we finished our meal, now with an atmosphere of sex in the air.

"I've certainly loved the manicotti, Karen, you get five stars for that, just superb," I told her and she stood up and began removing the dishes to the kitchen which I helped her do. We put the things in the dishwasher and when she stood up, she was right next to me. Her hands went to my chest and my head dipped down as our lips met and opened.

As we kissed, I felt her hand slide down onto my pants and rub my erection. I took that as permission to begin unbuttoning the back of her dress which I soon had open.

"Let's go back, Ray," she said softly as she leaned up for another soft kiss, then took my hand to lead me back to her bedroom.

As soon as we were there, she pulled the sundress off and stood there in her bra and panties. The bra was, I now know, a quarter-bra, one that just gives a little support underneath and came up just to her small pink nipples. Her panties were a thong, very small that mostly rode in the crevice between her legs. She had no hair there, she must shave it off.

Well, the truth was that she wouldn't make the cut as a Playboy model but for a woman in her mod-forties, I can tell you she was nice, very nice. She reached around and the bra came off, then she pulled her panties down and uncovered the bed and got in.

I knew enough that this was the best invitation I'd had in a long time and was eagerly getting naked to join her in her bed.

"You're a very handsome man, Ray, especially right here," she said grinning, taking my hard cock in her hand.

I got down next to her and we began to make-out; she had a leg up over me, rubbing it on my cock while we kissed and felt each other.

Chapter 2

She moved fully up over me, lifted her hips and reached below holding my cock straight up and pushed her pussy down over me and began. I hadn't been with a woman in about three months, the last weeks Chloe and I were together, it seemed that she was finding things to get upset about but now I realize she was just avoiding sex until she was ready to split.

She was juicy inside, just slipped right down over me, then I felt her clench around me as she began stroking up and down.

"Mmm, you look happy, Ray. Is this helping things?"

"Oh, it's just wonderful. I really never thought we'd be doing something like this but it's wonderful, Karen. You sure are a sexy woman. And the best neighbor I've ever had," I chuckled.

"Yes, neighbors have to look out for one another, don't we?" she cooed as she rocked up and down. "It's okay to cum, too, so not to worry, just let's enjoy us being together."

"I'm enjoying it, that's for sure, even more than any sex I ever had with Chloe," I told her.

"Well, let's just forget our exes for now. We have each other to help us feel better and this feels quite wonderful, just how I expected it would."

"So, you've been thinking about this a while?" I asked.

"Oh, yes, not long after I figured out that you were living solo like I was. I thought, well, why not make a nice offer that suits us both, gives us both comfort and satisfaction. Did I have a good idea, Ray?"

"Oh, my dear, you had fabulous idea, I'm here, flat on my back, enjoying your wonderful idea to the most."

"I haven't sucked your cock yet, Ray. I've been told I'm near the top of the class, it's something I love to do ever since that first time with Bobby Holdford out in the woods behind his house," she snickered.

"Lucky boy, I'm sure," I told her.

"Oh, I guess I was good enough that he kept wanting it but, believe me, I've gotten much, much better since then. I had a wonderful instructress a few years back."

Well, there's an interesting comment that I just had to follow.

"So tell me about this mystery instructress."

"She was a nurse I worked with, Japanese from Japan, really cute, about forty but, since I did see her naked many times, well, her body was stunning, small but perfect, even at forty-something."

She kept sliding up and down as she went on, "Anyway, Haruko and I became friends and would sometimes find a time and a place at the hospital to get ourselves off, it's a great stress-reliever, you know, and we kept some sex toys in our lockers for just the occasion."

"Well, it is a stressful job," I chuckled.

"After we'd get off together, she'd show me how Japanese women do oral sex concentrating on the tip and underneath on the frenum, that little spot right beneath, I'm sure you've found it," she laughed.

"I had told her that I loved to suck men but never thought I was that good, oh, I got their cum, sure, but she slowed me with a dildo how to do it her way. I'll give you a try later if you like," she said grinning down at me.

She was delightedly fucking me, so relaxed and unabashed in her nakedness and sexuality, perhaps from being a nurse, who knows? All I surely knew was that I was the happy recipient of her nakedness and sexuality and that I was happier right at that moment than I had been for several years.

Karen looked down and asked me what I was thinking, that I looked pensive.

"The truth is, I was thinking just how happy I am here in your bed with you right now, just how wonderful this is, not just the sex, but being with you, you're really quite marvelous."

She bent down and kissed and tongued my mouth but never slowed down over me, she just kept pumping like those Texas oil wells do in the movies. It was so good. She clenched her vagina tight every pull up on me and it felt like she was sucking my cum right up out of me.

Incredibly, it was the best sex I'd ever had, she knew how to move her hips around making the feelings multiply, she knew just when to go a little faster, just when it felt better slow.

"You may have had a Japanese lady friend show you how to suck but how did you get this good?" I asked, surely impressed with her bedroom skills.

She laughed and said, "Um, mostly practice," adding, "Nursing School was where I learned the most and it wasn't in the classroom or lab. But there were lots and lots of med students who were just as horny as most of us. It got pretty wild."

Well, now, that got my curiosity so I asked, "Tell me more, sounds like you had fun. Were you a naughty girl?"

"Oh, more than naughty. We had nights where we were all off and there'd be maybe six of us and eight, ten guys. Good thing we were all on the pill, we were all swimming in semen. I know, pretty slutty, huh? But you asked."

"Oh, I'm not here to judge, Karen, after all, I'm greatly enjoying the results of all that experience. You are really wonderful as a lover. I can't believe how tightly you grip me when you pull up, it feels marvelous."

"I'm here whenever you feel the need, Ray, I'm certainly enjoying our being together and I'm your's whenever you want me," she said softly, rocking her hips up and down.

"It's the loveliest offer I've ever had, I'm going to take you up on it and want you to tell me whenever you feel the need, to let me know, as well."

"That's so sweet. I just knew we would be good for each other, I just had this feeling."

"I know the feeling I'm having right now is pretty close to cumming. Should I pull out or is it all right?" I asked not wanting anything but pleasure from our coupling.

She laughed and put her mouth down by my ear and whispered, "Cum whenever you want, Ray, everything is fine. Just cum, be happy."

And that was precisely what I did deeply into her right at that moment. It was hard to remember a better orgasm. Karen might be half-again my age but she's the most sexual woman I'd ever known.

"Mmm, you're still hard, mmm, nice, oh, I'm...oh, OH, UH, UH, oh," she cried out shuddering over me as she dropped down to kiss and tongue me as we floated back to earth.

"Oh, Ray, this was marvelous. Stay the night, let's just be together. I'm off for the weekend," she murmured in my ear while I played with one of her nipples.

"Yes, that would be nice. I might skip back to my place for my toothbrush but I suppose I needn't bring any pajamas, right?"

Her hand went to my cock as she said, laughing, "Oh, I'll never make you wear anything, I like you like this," and she lend forward to kiss me with the softness of a feather.

We snuggled and held each other, kissing, playing, rubbing, feeling for about an hour and a half when she asked, "You feel rather hard again, might more relief be desired? I'm here to help."

"Mmm, good idea," I said as we held each other and she rolled onto her back bringing me right up on top of her as she spread her legs letting my cock fall between them. Her knees lifted and I pushed happily back inside my new lover.

"Oh, yes, it is nice having each other, isn't it?" she said softly as she lifted her legs.

"It is, it's lovely, just what I needed," I groaned.

"Just what I needed as well," she whispered in my ear as we slowly fucked in the cool darkness.

We were slower this time, less urgent for release and relief, now more at ease naked in each other's arms, simply enjoying the sexuality that we both had offered to one another.

Our lovemaking went on and on, the longest I'd ever made love to a woman, it had to be well over an hour, we had just become so relaxed and comfortable together, it just felt so right, so good.

After all that time fucking, we each had our orgasm within a minute or so which surprised us both.

"Maybe we're just suited for each other, Ray, maybe that's it?"

"I sure think so, this is wonderful," I told her as I leaned over to kiss her.

We snuggled there, our arms close around each other, enjoying our skin touching along our length, her hand on my cock as mine rubbed her nice ass while we drifted off to sleep.

I vaguely remembered waking some in the middle of the night and doing a little playing around but it was really the sun coming in at the edges of the drapes that woke us up to welcome the morning.

"Mmm, 'morning," she said as I felt her hand reach down and take my soft cock. "Can I get this interested?"

"Oh, I'm sure you can," I grinned as I felt myself lengthening and engorging as she held me.

"Oh, yes, oh, you get hard fast, Ray. My, my, well, I'll just have to find somewhere to put this. Let's start right here," she said as she sat up and swept away the covers and bent down taking me in her mouth.

Chapter 3

Her mouth took the tip of my cock in and began sliding back and forth over the crown, her lips so soft and smooth as she pulled so gently. Now I knew what her Japanese nurse friend had taught her. It was the most sensuous, erotic, luscious blow job I'd ever felt. Nothing had ever come close to this.

"Oh, Karen, this is heavenly. Omigod, you are perfection, I've just never felt so intense as this."

She was looking up at me, no doubt well aware of the magic and power she had in her mouth to send a man to new heights of extreme pleasure. It was stunning, I almost felt faint.

My heart was thudding, my breathing labored, it just couldn't get better than this. And, then, it did as I threw my head back and bucked my hips forward to begin cumming into her mouth. I looked down and my juices were running out the edges of her mouth and down her neck onto her boobs, gathering at her nipples. I cummed out every drop I had inside me. My ejaculation was huge and, I think, the most pleasurable of my life.

"Oh, wow," I panted, "oh, Karen, how could I ever tell you how good that was. It was simply magnificent."

She pulled back and squeezed my cock milking it for a few more white, sticky drops which she promptly licked away.

"Well, you really need to thank Maruko Watanabe, she taught me everything I know about sucking a cock. I watched her quite a few times in the back of the pharmacy late at night with a few intern friends. Yes, Maruko was the best. They all said so, that's why I wanted to learn from her. She said that Japanese women make love to the tip end of a man's cock, not the shaft."

"And now you're the best. The absolute best," I told her pulling her up into my arms and kissing her.

"Well, I did pay attention when she was showing me all about it," she snickered. "Let's get up, I'm hungry and I'm dying to pee," she said and we both went to empty our full bladders. I let her first, of course, then she asked if she could hold my cock while I went. She giggled the whole time spraying my yellow stream all around the bowl. She told me she'd always wanted to do that and that it was fun. Ah, well, I told her she could do it any time she wanted and we laughed all the way into the kitchen.

She got coffee started and began toasting some frozen waffles while I stood behind her pressing my hard cock against her as my hands massaged her breasts and tweaked her hard nipples.

"Mmm, I'm one of those women who love their nipples played with and pinched and sucked. You're making me hot again, Ray. You're gonna be in for a fucking if you keep that up," she kidded.

"Well, I think you found the right guy, I just love breasts and your's, Karen, are really nice, as nice as any woman's, just perfect."

"I suppose I don't have to tell you this but I did some bartering for a boob job a few years ago. Actually got them reduced. I used to be C-cup and I had him bring them down to B's and tighten them up."

She turned to me, pulled one up and said, "Can you see the little scars under there? They're almost not visible any more, look close."

I did bend down but rather than looking, I sucked her nipple into my mouth as she began laughing.
