 The television commercial was just about over with, the filming that is. My business is a software company that creates programs for companies to manage their production floor activity in factories. For most people this is boring stuff. However, for me and the people who work for me this is exciting and fun. The downside for most of us is to do the marketing side of the business. This part of the business just really isn't that fun for us.

Like I said we were just about finished filming the commercial. Frankly I don't think we are properly "targeting our market" properly with this commercial. Probably most of the time this commercial will not be shown on TV. Rather it will be shown at trade shows where most of the sales of this type of software are initiated.

The two "sexy" women were finishing up the final shoot. The director had yelled, "cut" and not it was going to be the time for editing and over voice. My job was done. I had talked about the software and the company. The director walked up to me and wrapped his arms around my shoulders.

"Kevin, what do you think of having a party for my film crew and the people from your company at my house tonight?" Bingo Johnson the directory said. "I think everyone has worked really hard and deserves a little fun."

"I'll tell you what, Bingo, you supply the house, the pool and the entertainment for this party and I'll write the check to pay for everything. What do you think?" I asked him.

"Sounds like a winner" Bingo said. "Let's get things started."

That night I decided to do things in style. I had done very well financially when the company went public. I have plenty of money, just not much time or places to spend it. So I hired a limo and driver for the evening to take me to the party. Bingo had called me and told me that he had invited some additional model types as well as some actresses so this could be an interesting party.

The limo pulled up to Bingo's house. It was very nice. Bingo had made a nice piece of change doing those Long Distance Commercials a few years ago. I hopped out of the limo and went inside the house. As soon as I stepped in the front door a tall think blonde woman walked up and handed me a glass of wine.

"Here you go baby. It's time you started," she said. "Please follow me." She turned around and started walking towards the pool. I followed her and watched her walk. This is always one of my favorite things to do, watch women walk away from me. She was wearing a short little flowered dress that showed off her rear end nicely. To me she was a little too thin. However, that is just my taste. That's why there are so many different women and shapes in the world because men like different looking women.

As we walked into the pool area I saw the party going at full tilt. There was a band playing off to one side and a large buffet of food off to the other. At a quick glance it appeared that everyone was having a great time. I walked up to Bingo and said; "You have done it up perfectly. It looks like a great time is being had by all."

"Thanks Kev" he said. "If I do say so myself this is going to be a great party." With that he touched my arm and pointed me towards the woman who met me at the door. "What do you think of Marcie?"

I was quiet for a moment and said; "Well she appears to be an attractive woman. However, she's really not my style." I looked at his face to see the shock registering. "Bingo, please don't take offence to this. She just isn't my type."

"Kevin, I didn't know you swung that way?" Bingo said looking at me like he had never seen me before.

"I don't swing the way you mean. In no way am I gay. However, she just isn't my type. I like a healthier woman. I like to feel a woman in my arms when I'm with her. Not a stack of bones." Most people never understand this. I know most of the women I've dated have been healthy. I'm not talking about huge fat women that most porno moviemakers seem to think men who enjoy healthy women want. I'm talking about women who have real female hips and real female butt cheeks and even real female breasts. I like women who are real women.

"I understand Kevin. I'm going to get to know Marcie if you aren't interested. I understand she's into some rather kinky stuff." With that said Bingo headed off towards the blonde woman.

"Enjoy Bingo" I said. In a quieter voice that Bingo didn't hear or couldn't hear; "Hope you don't catch anything you won't want."

"I heard that" a voice said behind me. 

I turned around and there was Kelly, Bingo's assistant. She was standing there laughing away. "Sorry about that. I didn't mean for anyone to hear that" I told her.

"Don't worry about it. It's the truth. If it wasn't for the fact that she's a little sexy girl who appears as though butter wouldn't melt in her mouth she'd be on a street corner selling what she sells best." 

"Wow, I'm not sure I've seen this side of you Kelly" I said. "However, I agree. She's not a class woman."

Kelly smiled and said; "You haven't eaten yet. Come over let's get you a plate and feed you." With that she took my hand and led me over to the buffet.

The party was starting to wind down. It was 3:00 AM and my tail was starting to drag. I had only had a couple of drinks and that was a number of hours ago. I was now drinking diet soda. 

I was now performing one of my favorite activities, that of people watching. I never realized that the people I worked with were wild ones. I knew some of Bingo's people were out there but not the people I saw and worked with on a daily basis.

Kelly came up to me. She and I had spent much of the night talking about mostly nothing. I really had been enjoying her company. I think Kelly is a cutie. She is more my type of woman. She was about 5 and a half feet tall and a healthy build. She has hips to die for. Just the type to hold on to when making love to her. 

"Well it appears that almost everyone has left or are upstairs in the bedrooms having a good time." She said this as she wrapped her arm through mine. "Come on let's get out of here. Pretty soon the band is going to have a go at their little groupies in the living room. It's not really something I want to see."

We walked out front and I waved to the limo driver. He started walking to get to the vehicle. "Would you like to come with me?" I asked Kelly. I'm glad I just blurted this out because I'm not sure if I had thought about it I would have asked. It's funny how I can work out business deals, speak in front of software clients and perform other tasks in public, however, if I have to ask a special lady out or talk to a woman about making love I just choke.

Kelly didn't let me hang though. "I would love to go with you. I was really hoping you would ask."

The limo pulled up and the driver started to get out to open our door. I waved him back and opened the door for us. Kelly slide over and I climbed in. "Driver please take me back to where you picked me up."

"Yes Sir," he said. With that the window between the driver and us went up.

I faced Kelly and looked at her. It was dark in the back and the only light was from other vehicles highlighting behind her. Kelly gave me a bit of a shy smile and placed her hand on my face curving around to my neck. She pulled me to her and we touched lips. It was a light kiss but it continued for a few moments. She pulled away and looked up at me smiling again. 

"That wasn't bad at all, not at all"; she said. 

I laughed and said; "well I hope it wasn't too bad."

We sat back and made the trip back to my home.

We pulled up front and the driver opened the door. He handed me a slip for the rental. I signed and added a generous tip. He was a good pleasant driver.

Inside the house we stopped right inside the front door. Kelly put her arms around me wrapping her fingers through my hair at the back of my head. She then pulled my head down to her and we lip locked in a very deep kiss. I felt her tongue at my lips. I opened up and let her inside. Our tongues touched and played together.

My hands slid down her back to her sexy butt. I grasped two handfuls of delicious rear. Kelly did the same to me, only she pulled me tight towards here grinding my hardness into her. "Hmmmm…" she purred. "I see someone likes a lot"! 

"You've got that right," I said. I took her by the hand and walked her towards the stairs. 

Once inside the bedroom we stopped to kiss again. You know one of those kisses that starts the pre-cum starting immediately. We stepped apart and Kelly said; "I'm going to freshen up. Do you have any wine?"

"I sure do downstairs in the fridge chilling. I'll get that and over there is the bathroom. We'll meet back here." God I want her. We both took off to perform our tasks.

Downstairs I quickly dug out two wineglasses and I pulled out a white wine from the Refrigerator. I popped the cork out. For a change I didn't leave any cork in the bottle. Wow everything is working out correctly. In less than ten minutes I was back upstairs. 

Kelly was already sitting on the bed. "I thought you were going to be forever," she said smiling. 

I sat on the bed and gave her another deep kiss. "There did that warm you back up?" I then poured us each a glass of wine. We sipped a bit and then set the glasses on the nightstand. Kelly reached over and turned off the light. There was only a little light from the hall light shining into the room.

"Kelly" I said as I turned back on the bed lamp. "I want the light on so I can see you."

Kelly looked at me like I had two heads. "Why would you want to do that?" She said. "I've never been around anyone who actually wanted to see me naked."

"Surprise, surprise, I'm a different breed. Since the day I met you I've thought about making love to you. Every one of my dreams occurs with me seeing you in the nude. That is part of what a man likes and loves." I'm not sure if Kelly will believe me but this is the truth. "Kelly I'm not sure you trust me but I find you so sexy. I want you. You"!

"Ok" Kelly said kind of quiet. "I trust you."

With that I reached over and unbuttoned the 4 buttons of her top. I then pulled the top off over her head. Kelly was wearing a bra. It was obvious even before I took the top off because with those beautiful breasts they need some support. I leaned over and kissed the tops of her breasts, taking my time on each mound. "Hmmm…those are nice"; I told her.

Before I could go forward and remove her bra, Kelly moved my head by putting a finger underneath my chin and said; "my turn." With that she unbuttoned my shirt. To get the last button she had to pull the front and back out from my trousers. I normally have my belt fairly tight so Kelly had to yank a couple of times to get the tails out. Once Kelly had my shirt unbuttoned she pulled my shirt off my shoulders. She then leaned forward and kissed my left nipple and then my right nipple. With each nipple she took plenty of time sending a chill up and then down my spine.

I leaned down over her ear and said; "my turn." I then reached around her back to unhook her bra. Surprise it's a front opener. I turned my attention back to the front and unhooked there. Then, slowly, I slid both of my hands up under the cups of her bra to her sweet soft breasts. Kelly's breasts were on fire.

I removed her bra, pulling it off of her and throwing it into the side chair across the room. I leaned over again and kissed the tops of her breast and then kissed her areolas in a circle around her nipples. Kelly moaned when I was doing this. Her purr machine really kicked into gear when I started flicking her nipples with my tongue.

I started to work at removing her skirt when she grabbed both of my hands and said, "no." Kelly had a very wicked smile when she said; "It's my turn remember? You've had fun getting to know me. I get to know you even better now."

Kelly then kneeled in front of me unbuckled my belt unzipped and undid my trousers. The trousers fell to the floor. "Hmmmm…." said Kelly, "Tighty Whity's." Kelly then touched my hard on through the underwear. "I thought you might wear boxers." She then reached around to my rear and went underneath the elastic cupping my butt. With both hands on my ass she then placed her mouth on my cock through the underwear.

This move started me groaning with pleasure. "My God Kelly that feels good." I told her. 

Kelly giggled a bit and said; "Wait until I get that beautiful cock in my mouth, skin on skin and then tell me how it feels." With that she pulled down my underwear and I stepped out of them. Sure enough my cock stood out proud at its 45-degree angle. Well ok it's angled to my left also.

Before I realize it Kelly has her mouth around the head of my cock. She locked her teeth underneath the head. She then started torturing me with her tongue. "Ok" I breathed in saying; "you were right skin on skin is better." I put my fingers through her hair.

Kelly started alternating between deep throating and sucking on the head of my cock. It was the pleasurable torture. "Kelly lover, if you continue doing that I'm going to make a mess everywhere real quick." 

Kelly took her mouth off my cock and looked up at me. She said; "Baby that's my plan. I'm going to make you come really well. That way when it's time for you to fuck me you will be able to keep going and going and going." With that Kelly started working on me again.

Within a few minutes I was at the point of no return. "Kelly baby I'm going to shoot." I was there but Kelly just kept sucking. Oh well Kelly doesn't mind so here goes "Baby here we go." I shot and kept shooting in her mouth.

Once I was through giving Kelly all my juice she pulled away from my cock and licked the tip getting the last drop. She then stood up and walked into the bathroom. I heard her spit and then a few moments later I heard her gargling. She came back into the room and by this time I was laying on the bed with my feet on the floor. "Lover, do you want to get to know me as well as I now know you?" Kelly asked me as she stood over me.

I looked up at her and smiled and said; "more than I can ever tell you." Then I sat up and reached around towards her rump. I found the zipper for her skirt and unzipped it. It fell to the floor and she stepped out of it. The panties that Kelly was wearing were really sexy. They were the type that are cut up high on the hips. Realize that Kelly has the hips to show off these kinds of panties. I guided her to the bed and laid her down on her back. I thought it would be fun to do the same to her as she did to me. I placed myself in the middle of her legs and started kissing her inside thighs back and forth. Then I started manipulating her pussy with my mouth through her panties. 

Kelly started inhaling quicker than she was before and she was running her fingers through the hair on my head. After a few minutes a got up on my knees and pulled Kelly's panties off in a quick move. I looked down at her and looked deeply at her pussy. I smiled at her and said; "The Promised Land lover."

Then I leaned down and started tasting her and licking her outer lips. Kelly was really feeling into this because she was already soaking wet. I buried my tongue into her and looked at her and said; "Lover, I've heard about being delicious but you really are." I continued with my sexual torture of her mound. Within moments Kelly started bucking and moving back and forth.

Then Kelly sat up and fell back cumming and cumming. She was out of breath like she had run a race. I think I had done well. I sat up and looked at her. My face was soaking wet from her discharge. I wiped my face and then lay on the bed next to her. My hand dropped down to her soaking wet pussy. "Baby are you ready to continue?"

Kelly turned her head and said; "God fuck me lover. I need you in me right now."

I reached into the nightstand and pulled out a rubber and put it on. Then I positioned myself over her and entered her. I slid in very easy. I started moving in her and she wrapped her legs around me. I wasn't going anywhere even if I wanted to.

I was fucking her like crazy. "Kevin I'm cumming again Oh my I'm cumming again." Kelly said as she squeezed me with her legs as though in a vice. As soon as she said that she was cumming I started shooting as well.

We lay there together in the afterglow. Kelly said, "Are you a morning person?"