 A couple of months ago I had an experience that I want to share, it sure changed things in my life. I am a 32 year old male, well employed, friendly, well toned body and most people think a fairly sharp mind. While I have had quite a few girlfriends over the years, nothing has panned out for the long term and so I am always on the watch for the right lady. 

A few years ago I joined a bicycling club, partly in hopes of meeting some women with interests similar to mine. It turns out that most of the women are either married, in a serious relationship with somebody already or are lesbians. But I like cycling anyway, and so have been fairly active in the club, and gone on lots of rides. These have usually just been day rides - covering 20-50 miles - but there are a few people who like multiple day touring, going for a long weekend (or even more) and carrying gear to camp somewhere overnight. My work schedule hasn't let me participate in tours very often, but this fall I saw an announcement for a ride up in the Santa Cruz mountains over a weekend that I could get away from work for an extra day. I was very busy the days before getting everything I could ahead at work so I could leave without worrying. 

Even though the weather was predicted to be good there were only half a dozen people signed up to go. We started on Friday morning, meeting at the home of a married couple, maybe just a little older than I, who had fairly recently joined the club. I had met them on short rides, and they seemed very nice. Not long after I arrived Tracy drove up. She was a long time member, and I had ridden with her and her boyfriend a number of times, though I hadn't seen her on rides for awhile. We went into the house and were talking with Alan and Susan making sure we had all the stuff we would need when the phone rang. Susan went to answer, and returned after a couple of minutes saying that the other two who had signed up were canceling out (some last minute problem) and so we were it... let's go. 

The plan was to ride down to BART (the bay area rapid transit train system) and take it across to San Francisco, then ride from there to a state park up in the hills over Santa Cruz. Tracy and I started loading up our bikes, a considerable job since we had to carry food, cooking equipment, sleeping bags, etc. She noticed I had a small tent and commented how light it looked compared to hers, then asked if I would be willing to share so she wouldn't have to carry her heavy one. Of course, trying to be a gentleman, I said sure. I had admired her slim figure in the tight riding shorts (which leave nothing hidden), but given her boyfriend I had no particular hopes for anything more enjoying the ride and her conversation. We coasted down to the station, caught a train quickly and in a little under an hour were at the end of the line in S.F. We rolled the bikes out, mounted up and took off. 

Alan and Sue were on their tandem, while Tracy and I had mountain bikes set up for touring. On the first flat stretches we had to chase Alan and Sue, but as we started climbing we pulled a little ahead. We talked a little about the park we were headed for, about how nice the weather had turned out - one of those gorgeous warm late October afternoons, and a little about our jobs. Tracy asked how well I knew Alan and Sue, she hadn't been on rides with them before, and I told her I had only ridden with them a couple of times, and that they seemed very nice. They seemed to be one of those very close couples, smiling at each other and touching a lot. We talked about other club rides and plans, some of the long tours other people had done, and a little about work and how it was hard to get away. 

The day went by fast, but there was lots of tiring climbing up to the top of the hills, and then up and down along the ridge. Finally late in the afternoon we reached Big Basin State Park, and found a fantastic camp site - away from most of the others, under the big redwood trees, with two places for tents at one end of it. We unloaded our stuff, and I put up my tent about six or eight feet from the one Alan set up, and then we headed for the showers (a luxury one really enjoys after a sweaty day of riding). I finished first and headed back to the campsite to start dinner. About ten minutes later Tracy walked up, wearing shorts and a T-shirt (and from the bounce as she walked up she had nothing on under it), her hair still wet from the shower but looking very happy and relaxed. 

We cooked some pasta and added a great sauce that Sue had made, scarfed it down, then relaxed around a fire drinking tea and talking, and munching chocolate bars. Riding (especially carrying the load of stuff we had) is always tiring, and after the sun set it started cooling off fairly quickly so we washed up and headed for the tents and sleeping bags about 9 o'clock intending to set out early the next morning. 

I let Tracy go into the tent first so she could change in private if she wanted to. Alan and Sue said goodnight too and headed for their tent as I crawled in myself after Tracy got settled. It felt good to lie down after a hard day pedaling, and I commented to her that it was nice to be off of the bike - she agreed laughing as she commented that she too was very tired, and that her butt was a little out of shape for long days of riding. 

I didn't say anything but thought to myself that from what I had seen I thought her butt was in great shape. Although I was tired, it was quite a bit earlier than I usually go to sleep and I just lay there relaxing and thinking about how sore I might be tomorrow after another day of riding. After quite awhile I was almost asleep when I heard a sort of moan, and given how tight my legs were after a day of riding I thought that Sue or Alan must have a cramp. However about 10 seconds later there was another softer, very sensual moan and giggling that made me rethink the nature of what was going on. They weren't very loud but the sounds continued and it was very quickly clear that Sue and Al were making love. 

Well, the few times before I had overheard couples making love it excited me a lot, and this was no exception. As soon as I realized what was going on I felt a growing bulge in my shorts as my cock stiffened, and it didn't take long before it was as hard as it can get. I slowly turned my head toward Tracy to see if she was awake, but her head was turned away from me and I could hear her steady breathing so I figured she was asleep already. In a little while I could hear a rhythmic sound from the next tent as Sue and Al started fucking. I hadn't been with a woman for over a month, and it had been more than a week since I had even masturbated and I couldn't resist - I slowly, quietly slid down my shorts and started stroking my hard cock as I listened to Sue and Al. I was really worried about waking Tracy, and so I held the sleeping bag up with my left arm to keep from making noise as I slid my right hand up and down my penis. I soon felt a drop of precum drip onto my stomach, and I slipped my hand up over the end of my penis to spread it around my shaft. Sue's moans gradually changed to longer low ohhhs and ahhhs, and I could hear the pitch change each time Al plunged into her again. He kept up a nice steady pace which she seemed to be enjoying thoroughly. My heart was beating fast, and my cock felt stiff as a bone and I had to slow down my strokes to keep from shooting too soon. After a few more minutes Sue's moans changed pitch again, becoming higher as she clearly started her orgasm. I could not hold back any more, my balls tightened and I felt a huge spurt of cum shoot up my chest, then another and another. I bit on the edge of my sleeping bag to keep from making any noise as I ejaculated. Al gave a couple of low guttural grunts as he unloaded into Sue, and then things became quiet again. I lay there with my belly and chest all covered with cum holding the sleeping bag over it with my tiring left arm. I managed to reach down and slip my shorts off and wiped up with them, then collapsed into a contented sleep. 

The next morning I woke as I felt Tracy get out of her bag. As I opened my eyes she asked if I had had a restful night. I yawned and said I had slept well, hoping she would not see my shorts = cum rag balled up next to the sleeping bag. She left the tent and I got up and got my pants on (sans shorts) and a sweatshirt and went out into the cool morning air. Sue and Al weren't out and about yet, we made tea and had some warm oatmeal and talked a little about the day's ride. A little while later Sue and Al got up, both with big smiles, and joined us. Nobody said anything about the previous night's activities. We gradually packed up, changed into our riding clothes, and took off. 

Not far outside of the park we headed down hill, and Sue and Al soon lost us. Once things leveled out Tracy and I rode together and talked. We found we had quite a lot of common interests besides cycling, and she was really good company - nice to talk to as well as look at. Eventually we caught up with Sue and Al and rode with them most of the rest of the day. 

Sue asked Tracy about her boyfriend and she answered that he had changed jobs and moved out of the area, and that she had not felt inclined to follow him. We had a nice lunch at a deli, and picked up a few things for dinner. We reached the next stop midafternoon - at one of the state beaches. We searched for a good campsite, and eventually found one which had most of it out in the sun, but a little area for tents back just under the trees. We set things up, and then went for a walk on the beach. 

Sue and Al went out and played in the waves in spite of the cold cold water, while Tracy and I stayed up on the warm sand. She commented that Sue and Al did seem very happy together, that they must just have the right chemistry. I agreed and thought to myself I could tell her about how happy they made each other last night. We went back to the campsite, and then headed for the showers. We had a great dinner, shared a bottle of wine, and relaxed by the fire again. Every body seemed very mellow, really enjoying the trip. Al brought out a deck of cards and we played for quite awhile, with quite a competition developing - Sue and Al vs. Tracy and me. After awhile Al started yawning, and we decided to call it a night. We washed up, and I let Tracy go to into the tent first again as Sue and Al got into theirs. When I climbed in Tracy commented that she had been worried about being really sore by that night but in fact she felt better than the previous night. We talked for quite awhile about the big hills we had climbed that day, and the rapid descents, and what might be in store the next day. 

Everything had been quiet for awhile, and I was almost asleep when I heard a familiar moan from Sue - their tent was even closer this time and even though it wasn't very loud it was pretty clear. I was actually a little surprised that they were up for it again, given all the exercise that day, but found that my cock was also immediately responding. I slowly slid my hand down to make a little more space in my undershorts for my swelling cock, and was thinking about what I was going to do, when I heard the sound of movement from Tracy's side of the tent. 

A couple seconds later she said very softly "Oh god... they're doing it again!". I immediately realized that this meant she had been awake the night before and blushed thinking she might have heard me as I rubbed my cock in spite of my trying to be very quiet. Luckily it was dark and she couldn't see me. "Did you hear them last night?" she asked. 

"Yeah, I was still awake and the sounds made it pretty clear what they were doing." I answered. 

She laughed, then said "That's sure true, especially at the end." Then after a pause punctuated by a few more soft moans from the next tent she asked "Were you masturbating while they did it?". 

I wasn't sure what to think, but guessed if she had heard me and hadn't said anything all day she couldn't have been too upset about it, so I softly said "Yeah, it made me really horny hearing them." 

Tracy immediately answered "I thought so, with your sleeping bag lifted up like that - you were pretty quiet though and I wasn't sure. It made me very horny also and so I played with myself too." 

Listening to Sue and Al already made me horny again but knowing that Tracy had been laying there right next to me masturbating too had me absolutely throbbing. I was thinking about what to do next when we heard some motion from Sue and Al's tent, and then a repetitive sound like movement against the side of the tent. 

Tracy whispered "I think he just started fucking her again. Or maybe she's on top, it's a little different rhythm than last night." 

I chuckled then said "Or maybe he's just taking it slowly this time." 

"Could be" she responded, "but whatever, it is making me very horny again. Tonight if you rub me I'll rub you, o.k.?" 

Well, my first serious girlfriend and I were virgins when we started going out, and worked our way up to pretty serious mutual masturbation before we finally decided to lose our virginity together. I loved playing with her pussy, and could easily make her cum with my fingers every time - I was ready and eager to try with Tracy too. "Sure" I replied, and heard her shift her bag then reach over and pulled mine over us so we were together. I reached over and put my hand on her waist, then slid it up over her breast, and immediately felt her hard nipple through her tank top under my fingers. 

She let out a soft sigh and I felt her hand slide down, rubbing the bulge in my underwear with her hand and making it throb in response. She moved her hand up to the waist and pulled down saying "Now I don't think we need these, do we?", and then she wiggled and slid out of her panties as well. "That's better" she whispered as her hand encircled my penis, "mmm so nice and hard and big." She rolled over a little onto her back, never losing hold of me, then whispered "Suck on my breasts please, it feels so good." 

I was happy to accommodate her, and lay on my side next to her, licking and sucking on her wonderful hard little nipples while rubbing my hand over the furry slit between her legs. She parted her legs for me and I dipped my fingers in finding her pussy very wet and slippery. As my finger slid over her clit she jerked and sucked in a little then let out a long soft moan. Her hand was busy all the while sliding up and down my cock, sometimes playing with my balls. I started leaking out precum and she spread it making the whole thing slick. 

There was no lack of activity from Sue and Al, they were fucking away and Sue kept moaning and groaning with pleasure. I kept busy between Tracy's legs, slipping two fingers down and putting them deep in Tracy's pussy and sliding them in and out a few times, then running them up over her clit again. She slowly turned her head back and forth murmuring "Oh god that feels so good. Oh yeah." 

We kept playing with each other and at the same time listening to Sue and Al. After awhile Sue's moans were coming a little faster, and I sped up the motion of my fingers, sliding them up over Tracy's love button and then rubbing down just below it with occasional stabs into her soaking wet hole below. I hadn't forgotten those lovely tits though and started biting lightly on her nipples. She started rubbing her free hand on my head moving faster and I sped up, knowing she was getting very close. Her motions stopped for a second and her hips lifted up off the bag as I rubbed a little faster and suddenly she gasped "Ohhhh yesssss" and started to cum her whole body shaking and jerking as it went on and on. Finally she let out another moan, then her hand, which had stopped when she started to cum, started moving faster up and down my cock. 

Hearing and feeling her cum had brought me to the edge anyway, and then I heard Sue start her orgasm and I grunted rather loudly as the sperm shot out my cock with each pump of Tracy's hand. About five big spurts later I sort of collapsed against her just as Al grunted too dumping his load into Sue. I leaned over to Tracy and whispered into her ear "That felt soooo good. You have very talented hands." 

She answered back "Well those fingers of yours know their job too. God, I haven't cum that hard in a long time." We just snuggled together for awhile, and drifted off to sleep. 

In the morning Tracy woke first, and was getting up as I awoke. I looked over at her, noting how her nipples were hard little points in the cold air. She pulled on a jacket and headed out to start breakfast. I went out to help her, and Al and Sue soon joined us. Again nobody said anything about the previous night - I really wondered if Al and Sue had heard us - they were making enough noise of their own, but some pretty definite sounds of sexual activity had come from our tent too. We packed up again and headed out. 

We started with a long loop along the coast, and stopped in La Selva Beach for lunch. As Al and I went into a market to get food Tracy said she wanted to run a short errand, that she'd meet us at the beach for lunch. After we stocked up we rode the short distance to the beach, and found Tracy there already. Sandwiches and fruit never taste as good as on a long ride, and they seemed great that afternoon. 

The climb back up to Castle Rock Park was long and fairly steep. Tracy and I left Sue and Al behind on their tandem, knowing the next day they would blow us away on the long descent. We got to the camping area about 4 o'clock, and started setting things up. The best site we found had a good area for the tents, but had another site quite close to it, which seemed to be occupied by a middle aged couple. Al and Sue rolled in half an hour later, looking pretty beat. We got dinner ready, and scarfed it down. We played cards for awhile, then talked about the fact that the trip would end the next day. We fantasized about where we would ride if we had a few months off, trading stories about acquaintances who had ridden half way across the country. When the fire died down and it was getting cool we again headed for the tents. 

I didn't know quite what to expect that night, Tracy crawled into the tent while I went to brush my teeth. When I came back Sue and Al were already in their tent, and so I ducked into mine and got into my bag. It was quiet for a couple minutes, then I softly asked Tracy "What kinds of noises do you think we'll hear in the woods tonight?" 

She laughed, then said "Well, I don't know what they'll be up to... but I think I might want to make some noises myself. I went and bought some condoms today and I would like you to make love to me. What do you think?" 

I was a little surprised at how fast things were moving with us, but given that we had masturbated each other the night before - and how much I had gotten to like her over the past couple of days, and of course the ever present hormones, how could I refuse. To answer I just reached over to pull her close to me, and realized as I touched her that she was completely naked already. She reached over and pulled off my shorts, then lifted my T-shirt and I helped pull it off. We pressed our bodies together and her skin was so soft and warm that I was instantly hard and throbbing. 

We kissed for the first time, a wet sensual kiss that went on and on, lips sliding over lips and tongues touching - probing. My hands caressed her back, sliding down over her tight little butt and pulling her against me harder. I pushed against her to roll her onto her back and leaned over to lick and suckle the hard tips of her nipples, then sucking on them as my hand moved down over her belly ever so slowly, down to that heaven between her legs. My fingers moved through her nether hair, gently playing with it, pressing against her mound with a slight rocking motion. One of her hands was busy pulling on my rigid cock, the other was playing with my nipples - they were almost as hard as hers and I was surprise how good it felt as she pinched and pulled on them. 
