 Languishing in the intense pleasure of his fingers milking her nipple and the thrilling warmth of his words on her neck, Rachel closes her eyes. That 'something about him' had just solidified in her and she knew then what it was. It was the rare earth magnet pull of chemistry. How your body knows before the first touch how good it will be. It had been so long since she had felt it that she was afraid it had gone away. Now every nerve ending in her body was resonating with it, energized by the lightning storm erupting from his touch. She knew without having to ask that he felt it too. Not just because he was hard or advancing. She knew a man's body, and therefore a man, will respond to visual stimuli without really engaging the mind. No, this was more. Way more. It was his primal breathing, the smell of his skin, the intensity of his firm but tender hold on her breast. He was measuring -- not taking. It was there for him too, thick and strong. 

She feels the intense need to experience his mouth on her. Rachel wants to suckle him, she wishes he could feed from her body. All of it. Demands form in her depths but she suppresses them for now. She enjoys being suspended in the bipolar thrill of urgency and the slowing down of time registering every touch, savoring. It does wicked things to her body. Her sex is overflowing - her lips swelling her insides hot, pink, and ripe -- her clit throbbing. Desire leaks from her slit slippery wet. She feels herself surrender to the exquisite feelings of her re-awakening and moans his name. 

'Ooooooohhhhhh Sam.' The sound is molten heat through his body, sizzling its way down and erupting in his loins. His cock throbs and jerks, precum oozing from the head. His balls tingle then tighten, as if he might cum from the sound of her. Her breast is so full, her nipple rock hard from his attention. He can smell her arousal, it taunts his nostrils with promise of sweet succulence. His hunger is almost unbearable. He is feral and starving for her. 

In a fluid motion attesting to feminine grace, Rachel tips her head forward while her eyes flutter their long lashes. It is coy and provocative. She is so close now that they are sharing breath. Their heads slowly begin to undulate in rhythm -- lips parted, tongues snaking across lower lips. The synapse between them alive with anticipation, their mouths dance, eyes lock and then travel searching, recording every movement. 'So hot,' Sam breathes as he breaks the plane descending upon her mouth. In the static filled instant that their lips meet for the first time, the barrier is broken and lust surges forth. He reaches up and threads his fingers through her hair, capturing his prey as he consumes her soft full mouth. Rachel yields to him, granting entrance -- drawing him in with her tongue and her velvety smooth lips. Passionately he kisses her, sucking and exploring, teasing her lips with his. Their tongues meet, rolling and gliding in and out exploring. Bound together they linger lip locked on the precipice of their carnal abyss. 

Just then Rachel's phone rings. The cacophonous shriek of the ringer makes them both jump. Rachel grabs for her purse, desperate to silence the intrusion. Caller-id shows it's Carol. She can't ignore her -- Carol's a worrier. If she has gotten the message then she'll need to know that things are all right. If she hasn't, then she's worried sick. "Hey there!" Rachel answers. Carol's animated voice squawks rapidly out of the earpiece while Rachel grins mischievously at Sam. 'No. It's all right, everything is fine. I'm fine.' More talking on the other end. 'Someone stopped to help, he's taking me to get a tire.' The voice gets louder, all rapid fire questions and concerns. 'I'm fine, REALLY. I'm safe I promise." Rachel winks. She moves over and opens the passenger door stepping out while motioning that Carol won't shut up. 

As Rachel begins to pace slowly back and forth talking quietly outside the car, Sam stretches in his seat - grateful for the opportunity to rearrange his raging erection. He is so swollen and full of pent up seed that it aches. His cock is now stubbornly stuck at full attention -- 8 ½ inches of pulsing need. Straight up his cockhead is pushing at the top of his jeans. The front of his boxer briefs is soaked with precum. Sam leans his head against the back window of the truck, rubbing his dick he groans. His thoughts are jumbled by this screaming need for release. We can't fuck here in broad daylight, he thinks masturbating himself through the denim. His next thought is of home. He wants to take her to his bed. The thought of driving the miles home with his cock throbbing painfully makes him grimace and groan again. 'Fuck!' he growls. 

Sam rolls his head and looks out the window at Rachel who is absentmindedly playing with a tendril of her hair while talking away on her cell. Her smile is so breathtaking that for a moment he forgets his inner conversation and just stares. He wants her. All of her. Every centimeter of flesh, every taste, every sound. He clenches his jaw at the image of her naked. He wants to see those tits and that scrumptious ass dance for him. He wants to feel her skin. He wants to see her surrender to him, her hair spread out on his pillow and her body slowly moving to his touch. He wants to see her open herself for him. He wants . . . needs to fill her, thrust deep and hold rocking his balls against her. Sam can't wait to feast on her sweet wet pussy. He can't wait to feel her, hear her orgasm around him. He wants Rachel like nothing he's ever known. He rolls his head back and forth smiling as the thought hits him that it's been less than 20 minutes and by all accounts he's been TKO'd. 

Rachel hangs up with a now calm Carol, promising to call later. She gets back into the truck smirking. 

"Sorry about that. That's the friend I was going to meet -- she's a little high strung." 

"Not a problem," Sam chokes out, setting himself upright in the seat. Sitting up the pressure in his groin is painful. He hopes to god he doesn't look like an idiot and tries to act natural. 

"So? Where to?" he asks in his best 'it's all good' voice. 

"Well, there's my tire," Rachel says pointing to the truckbed, "Remember?" 

Sam doesn't follow her gesture. Instead he stares straight ahead, his jaw working systematically as he considers his options. He could excuse himself and go back in to the restaurant bathroom and jack off. What a fucking waste. He could take her to a tire shop farther south to buy time for a miracle to happen -- the one where his hard-on subsides and the ache in his balls just disappears. Yeah, right. He could drive her to his house, where he wanted to be right now. He could ask her, but then she might get scared or feel like he's pressuring her. He could . . . 

"Sam?" Rachel interrupted. "You ok?" 

He turned to face her, his expression pained and searching -- that expression told her everything she needed to know. Her eyes danced and a slow wicked smile spread across her face. 

"You poor thing," Rachel cooed sliding over in the seat. "Think you can drive?" 

Back on the road Sam rolls down the window to get some fresh air moving. The wind feels great rushing in as he heads back towards the highway and Sam feels the first hints of relief washing over him as the air works its magic. Maybe there'd be a miracle after all.

At the feeder road they hit a red light and Rachel turns him. One look at her and he instantly searches for those lips, kissing hungrily. Rachel responds with intensity in kind -- their mouths expressing their unspoken pleas for more. It continues until a horn blares. Sam looks up to see a green light signally that he is holding up traffic as Rachel's mouth wanders -- soft warm wet kisses on his face, his chin, down his neck to his adam's apple. 

He guns the truck as she continues her decent, her hands moving down his torso, pulling at his shirt, searching -- winding their way down over his belt buckle. Her fingers glide over his erection, continuing down to cup the crotch of his jeans sending a jolt throught his balls then back up exploring the length of him while her mouth caresses his neck. 

She kisses her way up to his ear, sending a shiver through him as she whispers, "Mmmmmm. That's a big cock, Sam. Is it for me?" He moved his pelvis in response and turned to kiss her greedily once more, trying to keep his eyes on the road. 

Rachel smiles into the underside of his jaw, licking catlike as she strokes his cock though his jeans. Her hand was warm and skillful -- her fingers running along the perimeter of his shaft, outlining and tickling. Deftly she moves up and in a fluid series of quick motions manages to undo his belt and the top button of his jeans. 

"I want you," she purrs, her lips sucking his earlobe. 

Sam lets out a low guttural noise and guides her hand back to his dick. He moves her up and down pressing hard. 

"Feel how hard you make me," he hisses rising up to meet the pressure. "Yesssssss," she hisses back her fingers pulling at his zipper. 

God she was good. Her warm fingertips rake his lower belly, slipping just inside the waistband of his boxers. Down they descend coming into contact with the tip of his head, tracing featherlike circles around its opening. Precum coats her fingers as she runs them down, gliding easily over his helmet to his shaft. 

"Oh fuck," Sam moans as her hand wraps around his cock for the first time, sliding silky and hot down his shaft, milking him. "Yes baby. Fuck that feels good," he sighs as she slowly caresses his throbbing dick. 

"Promise me you won't wreck," her breath hot in his ear. "Promise!" she insists, squeezing him harder. 

"I swear! Don't stop," he pleads. 

She giggles kisses onto his collarbone at his response. 

Rachel scoots her ass back on the seat and lowers her head into Sam's lap. Pulling up his shirt she licks hungrily at his waistline with her wet warm tongue while her hand continues stroking him. 

"I'm gonna put your big cock in my mouth, Sam," she teases, looking up at him with her eyes on fire. "I want to taste you." 

And with that her hand releases him and she uses it to pull down his boxers as far as they will go. His manhood springs free, the cool air hitting his dick -- Sam's breath catches in his throat. Rachel watches his cock react to its new freedom, admiring its girth and the deep pink tinge of his swollen head. 

"Oooooohhhhhhhhhhh," she moans, forming a small o and descending, stretching her warm wet lips over his head and down so slowly that he cries out. 

"Rachel! Oh Christ your mouth is so good. Suck it. Suck my cock, baby!"

"MMmmmmmm," she hums, her hot mouth vibrating around gliding down the length of him until he hits the back of her throat. Her lips close tightly around him and she sucks him then, her tongue pressing against him, snaking around his shaft. After a moment she begins to rise, dragging her mouth, sucking back up at the same torturously slow pace. 

She licks around the underside of his helmet, "Yeah soo good," she moans low. Her tongue laps at him with playful decadent licks. She sucks him back into her mouth, his head pushing past her lips. Her mouth moves up and down -- in a slow dance alternating tongue strokes with full throat assaults. She wets her hand and wraps it around the base of his cock, gripping firmly. She strokes up while her hungry mouth sinks to meet it. 

The feeling of being fully engulfed makes the cum in his balls boil. Tearing his eyes from the road he watches her take his cock into her soft full lips. 

"Oh fuck yes. That's it. You're going sucking me so good." 

With that Rachel goes wild, her mouth and hand in rhythm, wet -- so wet and warm, her lips tight around him massaging his length, the pressure of her hand at his base. She devours him, slurping and sucking kneading his swollen meat with her ravenous mouth. 

"Rachel, oh god Rachel, you'd better stop or you're gonna make me cum!" Sam grunts, as she opens her throat taking him down to his balls. Her lips at his base push insistently as her throat spasms around his head. 

"I'm gonna cum! It's gonna cum. Oh fuck yeah, I'm cummminggggggg!" Sam yells as his cock erupts deep into her mouth, balls emptying, wave after wave of hot jism spurting out on her tongue and into her throat. Rachel sucks greedily, massaging him with her tongue to coax every drop he offers. 

"MMmmmmmmmm," she hums again, rotating her head slowly so that her mouth swirls up and around him. She continues until she feels him slackening, knowing that he's now sensitive, taking care to be tender, wanting him to never forget it. 

Sam feels like blacking out. It was all he could do to keep them on the highway. It was the most intense orgasm he's ever had and his muscles are now protesting with after-cum spasms. He's amazed at her ability to make him go so quickly and with such force. Though he loves head he rarely orgasms by oral alone. Rachel had just sucked him off and swallowed it all, and now she was pampering his soon to be flaccid penis like she was putting a child to sleep. His whole body was tingling. She is absolutely incredible!

Rachel tucked him away in his boxers and sat up with a huge grin. "Better now?!" she asks playfully. Sam responds by reaching for her, wrapping his hand around the back of her head and pulling her in for a deep kiss. 

Rachel loved a man that enjoyed the taste of his on cum on her lips. 

"That was incredible," Sam mumbles into their kiss. 

They drive a while in silence, each lost in their own thoughts. Sam is content, Rachel is on fire. She can feel her juices running down the crack of her ass, her clit hard and begging, her pussy aching to be filled. She isn't sure if she is on the brink of getting mad or just going mad but something needed to be done about it and soon. 

Teasing herself, she runs her hand along her inner thigh, playing with the hem of her dress. Inch by inch she draws it father up, seeking access to her throbbing sex. 

Sam notices what she was doing and starts instantly to spring back to life. They were only a few miles from his home now. He hopes that she won't mind his executive decision to drive her to his place -- but he knows that they need to somewhere to let their passions run wild. Besides, he really wants this woman in his bed. It's like he somehow knows that she belongs there. 

Rachel's dress is now hiked up exposing her panties and her hand is tantalizingly close to her hot covered pussy. The sight of her exposed thighs contrasting with the black fabric of those panties arouses him further. Her fingers working their way up is so sexy. Her aroma makes him lick his lips. He could swear that the insides of the top of her thighs are glistening with her wetness. Did she get that wet without even being touched? Though he hates to interrupt her, he has to know. He reaches over and caressed her thigh -- starting on the outside gently working his way in. She closes her eyes and rests her head against the back of the seat as she parts her legs just a little more to allow him to continue his exploration. He travels further up her soft leg to her cunt, applying gentle pressure, traces his finger up the center of her lips. Rachel rocks her hips and whimpers. 

She was not wet, she was fucking soaked. Her panties were oozing with her juices, her pouty lips not able to contain her dripping pussy nectar. 

"Oh Sam, I'm so wet," she pants. "Please!" she whimpers. 

Pressing his middle finger down through her slit, dragging her panties into her lips Sam replied, "Hold on baby, we're almost home."

. . . To Be Continued . . .