 Anne and I had been going out for a few weeks now and we had become comfortable with each other's presence. We were at dinner having Italian food in a cozy little place called Luigi's. . It was just some hole in the wall that only the locals knew about but it was the perfect place to get your own little table away from everyone else and have some semblance of privacy. You wouldn't be able to get away with actually having sex but you could get away with a lot if you were discreet. We had been seated in a small little love seat in the back corner of the room and we liked it like that. We ordered our food and made small talk while we waited.

"So what do you want to do after dinner? We could go see a movie or walk around downtown or anything else you can think of." Anne paused for a second before continuing in a lower voice. "Or we could do something else more .... Hands on......" She grinned slyly at me. 

I grinned evilly right back. "Hmm that's a tough choice...I don't know. Let me weigh my options." 

I moved my left arm casually down from the table and placed it on her right knee. She looked at me with a wondering expression on her pretty face. I just kept grinning and slowly moved my hand from her knee and slowly moved up it up her thigh and peeled back the tight little black bottom of the dress up until I could feel her lacy panty covered pussy warming up the longer my hand cupped it. Her eyes widened the moment my hand went that high and she stiffened immediately in shock. 

She looked around to see if anyone had seen her reaction but thankfully no one was looking at us. I started making small up and down movements with my middle finger on her and I could feel the small start of wetness that I craved. Her cheeks started turning red with a mixture of arousal and embarrassment as I leaned over and whispered in her ear 

"You like this." 

It wasn't a question and she knew it. It was a statement of fact. She pulled her dress back down and slapped his hand lightly as if saying "naughty naughty". She got up and leaned over and said to me 

"I'm going to the ladies room for a minute don't go anywhere." 

She smiled at me and turned around and walked towards the restroom while swinging her hips back forth which did amazing turns for her ass and my eyes followed it until it disappeared in the distance. I took a moment after she left to calm myself but I wasn't having much success. I kept imagining the sway of her hips and the shape of her ass as it moved underneath her dress and of course the heat I felt earlier from when my hand was on her pussy. 

I had a thought and looked around the restaurant real quick. There weren't that many people here tonight so maybe just maybe....Yes, I thought to myself. I could do this. I got up and, without drawing too much attention to myself, walked towards the restrooms with the intention of using it for a somewhat non typical purpose. I stood next to the door to the women's restroom and took out my phone to pretend like I was looking at a text while actually listening for the sound of more than one person in the women's side. I heard nothing so I took a deep breath and walked inside the door marked WOMEN.

I saw Anne washing her hands and I slowly walked up as she was drying her hands. She hadn't bothered to look up yet so I walked up behind her and put my hands around her hips and pulled so her ass was against my crotch. She yelped in fright and turned to look at who was doing this to her, ready to slap and scream and do whatever it took to get away. She saw it was me and whispered loudly in a high pitched voice 

"THIS IS THE LADIES ROOM WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING HERE?!?!" 

I just smiled at her with a grin that could only be described as the one you have when you know exactly what is about to happen and the other person doesn't. I reached down and undid my zipper and pulled out my half hard cock and put my hands on her shoulders and pushed down with enough force to let her know exactly what I wanted. But I wanted to make sure she understood so I said in a commanding voice 

"Suck. Now" 

She went to her knees and looked at me in disbelief and something else. That something else looked a lot like lust to me. She averted her eyes from mine as if unable to continue to see the lust and unwavering will in my eyes. She looked at my cock hardening right in front of her and unconsciously licked her lips in anticipation. She opened her mouth and swallowed every inch of thick hard cock in front of her. Her tongue licked the underside and her hands went to my thighs to balance her as she rocked her head slowly back and forth on my cock. I groaned in approval as her tongue circled the head of my cock. She started moaning as well in excitement, or so I thought, but I saw her hand working furiously underneath her panties and I immediately grabbed her head with both hands to hold her in place with my cock still in her mouth. 

"Look at me." 

Her eyes glanced upwards to meet mine, questioning and lustful at the same time. 

"Remove your hand from your greedy cunt. You haven't earned the right to cum yet." 

She moaned in disapproval but did what I asked. I grabbed her hair and wrapped it around one hand and placed the other hand on the back of her head. I slowly moved her head back dragging mostly by her hair until only the very tip of the head of my cock was on her tongue. I pulled her head hard back into my crotch as my hips met her and I began the rapid face fuck of Anne's mouth. In and out and her gagging noises only spurred me on. I was going to cum down her throat and make her swallow every single drop I gave her. I could see her hips moving just slightly as if trying to get into contact with something, anything to get her to cum and smiled to myself. I started to feel the familiar sensation of being on the edge to cum or not and I decided I would and continued to fuck her mouth faster and then without any notice from me I groaned loudly as I came violently. Her eyes were wide as can be as pulse after pulse of cum went down her throat. 

After I finished I took a paper towel and cleaned myself off after picking Anne off the floor and back onto her feet as she shook with arousal and need. She looked at me as I tucked myself back in and said 

"Please Zack let me cum, I'll do anything. Just please let me cum I need it."

I looked at her desperate eyes and walked up close to her so that she could feel my breath on her head. I reached down and moved my hands in position underneath her panty clad pussy. I started circling just outside her clit with my thumb as my middle finger rubbed her drenched pussy lips. She tried to rock her hips so my thumb would come into contact with her clit but I avoided it. She started to beg "Please, please do it" She had been good so I did and with one firm press of my thumb on her clit and my middle finger inserting itself deep into her she convulsed and screamed as she came. I covered her mouth with my other hand so it was muffled as she came for a good twenty seconds straight. I smiled in satisfaction of what I had accomplished in this public space. All in all we had been about 5 minutes and people would probably notice we were gone but I didn't care anymore. I had done something I'd always wanted to do and I wanted more tonight. 

I helped her get herself to a somewhat presentable state and I went and paid our bill and had our food put into to go boxes untouched. I don't think either of us were hungry for dinner anymore. Lust had taken over our hunger and it hadn't been satisfied just yet. 

I hailed a taxi and we both entered and sat down in the back. I gave the cab driver my address and sat myself in front of the Cabbies field of vision with Anne to my left with very little room from her to the door. She leaned into my side and put her head down on my chest while I wrapped my arm around her. We sat in silence for a few minutes just enjoying the scenery until my hand decided to wander and rub her back slowly. I was mostly blocking the view of the cabbie so he couldn't see anything unless he looked very closely at my left arm. My hand started to cup and then rub her breasts slowly just lightly arousing her. She stayed completely still as my hand dipped inside of the front of her dress. She had a low cut front clasp bra on so it was very easy for me to unhook it and pull it out and tuck it into my jacket pocket while the cabbie wasn't looking. I now had unfettered access to her chest and I was going to abuse that use as much as I could on the short drive home. I put my hand back down her dress and cupped Anne's left tit and pinched her nipple and she shivered in arousal at the situation and feelings being driven through her. I alternated breasts throughout the trip trying to be inconspicuous as possible while maintaining a high level of arousal on Anne. 

We finally reached my apartment and I withdrew my sneaky hand out of Anne's dress and paid the cabbie. I grabbed Anne's hand and pulled her alongside me as we almost sprinted up the stairs to my door. I didn't even open the door yet as I pushed her against it as our mouths met simultaneously each hungry for each other's touch. We made out in the hallway for what felt like hours but could only have been a few minutes. I started looking for my keys as my lips still kissed hers and our tongues playing in each other's mouth back and forth teasing and tasting. I could feel her pussy heat as it moved up and down my thigh as we kissed and I wanted to feel that heat elsewhere and I wanted it soon. I finally found the key and opened the door and we both went in. 

I closed and locked the door and looked for her. She had taken her dress off and stood there in nothing but her panties as she gave me a hungry look staring directly at my crotch. I threw off my shirt and crossed the distance between us and picked her up and she wrapped her legs around my hips as we continued our make out session from before as I made my way to the bedroom. I dropped her on the bed as I reached it and took off my pants and boxers as she dragged her completely soaked panties off and threw them somewhere off into the distance. She wouldn't be needing them again tonight at least not if I had anything to say about it. I crawled on the bed until I was on hands and knees with her directly beneath me. I looked at her naked and lust continued to fill me with hunger as it did her. I looked down at her pussy dripping already and said 

"I think we have had enough foreplay tonight." 

I grabbed my cock with one hand and lined myself up before I thrust completely into her. I moaned in complete satisfaction at the feeling of being completely enveloped by velvety soft and wet pussy. Anne had been right on the edge from all the teasing in the cab and the make out session from before so it only took a few thrusts before she was screaming like a banshee as she came on my cock. I didn't slow down a bit as she came and continued to fuck her through her orgasm as she played with her clit to ride her orgasmic wave out longer. She screamed my name so loudly as she came that I was sure the neighbors had heard but it only inspired me to make her do it again. I angled her hips upwards and started thrusting faster now so that on each stroke I rubbed up against her g-spot. It was a surefire way to get her to cum quickly and I was proven correctly once again a minute later as I continued my assault on her pussy. 

"FUUUUUCK" she screamed out over and over again as I rammed myself to the hilt again and again. The sound that only comes from when two people fuck and their skin slaps together perpetuated the room in a rhythmic beat as I continued to fuck her. I had no interest in stopping. I had no interest in slowing down. This was my pussy to abuse as I saw fit tonight. I had every interest in doing so. I flipped her over and put her on her hands and knees as I started slamming into her from behind. She began an alternating chant. 

"FUCK YEA, FUCK ME, YES LIKE THAT, RIGHT THERE, and OH MY FUCKING GOD"

My never ending, never slowing fuck marathon continued. I was like a machine completely in the zone with one purpose. That purpose was to the fuck the ever living shit out of my woman. MY Anne. Over and over she came throughout and I soon lost count of the times I thought she came however major or minor they were. I was only human as much as I had pretended to be like a machine that night so after one particularly loud scream from her, which could only signal a huge orgasm, I flipped her over and grabbed her by her hair and wrapped my hand around my cock as I took aim and came loudly with an animalistic roar as I covered her face and chest with my cum. 

We were both panting and gasping for breath after I finished and her eyes had a glassy look to them. I collapsed face up on side of the bed and she crawled over and collapsed directly on top of me. Mumbling something about bruising in the morning but it being worth it, she fell asleep in seconds on top of my chest. I smiled to myself and fell asleep right after her. What a night it had been.