 Walking out of the men's room she looked around to check no one noticed her. In the time she had spent sucking a stranger off in the toilet, the bar had got a lot busier. There were hardly any seats left and the air was full of buzz. Walking back nervously to her previous seat at the bar, she saw Mr Suit sitting at a table with a pretty blonde girl. She smiled to herself knowing that she'd only need to gesture with her finger in the right way and he'd leave the girl; abandon her right there. Just for another taste of what Zoe could offer.

But that wasn't the plan for tonight. Her pussy throbbed. The orgasm had been good but she knew that really she needed to be fucked. What she really wanted from the evening was for that fragment from her past to fuck her. Fuck her like only he could. But she wouldd only be allowed that if she played along for the whole game. 

So Zoe returned to her previous seat at the bar. There were more bartenders on duty now so she got served a new Cosmopolitan by one that didn't recognise her. She turned to her phone and sent a text: when can I see you? There was no response and she nervously worked her way through the drink. The dildo in her pussy had gone silent ever since she had cum and she was worried she had done something wrong. She thought about how this was the only man who really had power over her. As she'd demonstrated a moment ago, most men were her playthings; even her boyfriend was really not able to tell her what to do. But this man, this ghost from a long time ago, was the one that she needed instruction from. The one who's approval she longed for.

At last, as if he could read her thoughts, her phone beeped. Patience. Just wait for 10.... was all it said. She didn't know what he meant until a few seconds later another text came through: nine. The countdown continued until, just as it expired, the door of the bar burst open.

A group of four guys walked in. They were mid twenties, black guys. They were all very fit and obviously knew it. They were used to being looked at and being the centre of attention. Even without prompting, Zoe knew the role she was going to play in this game. As every other girl in the room turned towards them and looked them up and down (Mr Suit's pretty blonde included), Zoe looked bored and turned to the two college guys next to her. 

They were both moderately good looking without being exceptional, dressed in jeans and plain shirts. Obviously surprised at her striking up a conversation, they stumbled over introductions for a moment but it didn't take long to work out they were Josh and Chris. Studying chemistry at the local collage they'd just come out for a quick drink. Both claimed they were single. As a reward for ignoring the obvious targets, Zoe finally felt the dildo switch on again and gentle warmth fill her sopping pussy.

Zoe heard the volume of the crowd peaking a little behind herself and knew the bar's new entrants were walking through, drawing comments and looks from the crowd as they did. She felt the eye of one or more of them fix on her as she studiously ignored them. Instead she paid attention to Josh, laughing at his rather boring jokes and lightly touching his elbow at occasional moments. She knew she might be the only girl not looking at the, admittedly gorgeous, black guys working the room.

The air pressure behind Zoe changed as they pushed towards the bar. Josh started looking a bit nervous and she guessed they must be watching the pair of them. Her phone gave her more information: Oh you're really winding them up now. They're used to naughty little white girls like you falling all over them. How dare you keep chatting to that boring geek. They're not going to let you get away with that. 

She laughed silently and have Josh her most winning smile, leaning forward to kiss him. Her hand snaked around the back of his neck and pulled his lips towards her own. They touched and she felt him trembling as they shared warmth, their lips exploring each other. Her tongue snaked out and pushed between his teeth, moaning softly as the kiss deepened. As her body responded automatically and predictably, she contemplated how naughty this scenario was. She was kissing a complete stranger just to make a group of other strangers jealous, on the tacit instruction of a guy she used to know. 

Then why did it feel so damn good?

Josh's hand rested on her bare knee now, just below the hem of our dress. She moaned into the kiss then pulled away to take a sip of her drink. As she picked it up she glanced left and saw one of the black guys watching her. Inadvertently she made eye contact and he smiled, "hi," he said, keeping eye contact throughout. Zoe tried to avoid smiling back but he was very good looking and she felt a little lost in his eyes. The throbbing in her pussy intensified and she wasn't sure if it was the vibrator, the glint in his eye or Josh's hand pushing up her thigh a little further.

"I'm TJ, how about you and me get out of here," said the black guy. Zoe loved how he didn't even bother asking her name. That arrogance, that confidence in the way he held himself and the certainty he had that she would just fall over him and ditch Josh. He was very nearly right but Zoe was playing a different game. There was something a little more she wanted to provoke in him. 

"Ummm, no thanks." 

Zoe added her best, most innocent, smile to the put down and turned her back on what she knew would now be an incredulous look on TJ's face. Her hand fell on top of Josh's hand still resting on her thigh. She looked him deep in the eye and bit her lower lip, pushing his hand up on to the bare skin underneath her dress. He gulped and Zoe could see his trousers twitching in her peripheral vision. "Perhaps you and I should go somewhere instead," she added.

Her phone beeped and she took a moment to look at it. The message was clear: You can remove the dildo to fuck one of the black guys. But not for that kid. Zoe giggled. She didn't think Josh would get that far, but now she had instruction not to let him anyway. 

Although she'd like to let Josh's hand explore further, it already felt good caressing the delicate skin on her inner thigh, she needed something more now, and she knew how to get it. Taking Josh's hand she stood up and led the slightly dazed looking college guy out of the bar, leaving his friend behind. Zoe could feel the stare from TJ boring in to the back of her head.

As soon as they were outside the bar, Zoe let Josh draw her into a passionate kiss. Their lips pressed together and their tongues danced a hard dance. Zoe could feel Josh's admittedly impressive cock throbbing through his jeans and she moaned as the rubbed herself against it. Taking the moan as encouragement, she felt his hand press up the back of her dress caressing her arse and pulling her squirming pussy harder against his jeans.

Taking his hand again, Zoe broke the embrace and pulled him over the road to an alley way she had spotted. It was dark but she thought people who looked in would still be able to make out what was going on if they looked closely. They only got a few yards down the alley before Zoe stopped him and returned to the kiss. Her pussy was flooding again, lubricating the vibrating silver bullet that was caressing her sweetest spot. 

She shifted slightly to one side and pressed her body against him, unable to help herself rubbing her cunt against his thigh. Her hand caressed down his body and she massaged his cock through his jeans. This time he moaned. Her thumb fumbled around the cockhead and Zoe smiled as Josh looked skyward and his eyes rolled up.

Her hand worked faster now and his flies were quickly undone, followed by his belt. Trousers and pants fell to the floor and Zoe took his cock in her hand and started stroking it, corkscrewing her hand around it as she wanked it up and down. He was trembling again and she could hear him muttering and moaning "oh fuck oh fuck, yes, oh god...".

Suddenly, Zoe heard footsteps behind her followed by clapping and laughing. It sounded like two people. She looked around even as she kept gently wanking Josh. It was two of the guys from the bar: TJ and one of his friends. They leered at her and TJ spoke up. "Wow. What a slut. And you looked like such a good little girl. Get rid of your friend and we'll show you what a good time really looks like. Zoe smiled back at them. This was what she wanted, she knew they'd not be able to resist, but she still wanted them a little angrier at her.

She kept her hand on Josh's cock. Despite the interruption, he was still as hard as a rock and gasping at the feel of her thumb rubbing the precum leaking from his around his cockhead. Keeping eye contact with TJ she spoke in her most childish voice, "perhaps I like the look of this one." Then she sunk to her knees and swallowed Josh's cock in a single motion. He moaned loudly and his eyes closed. Zoe could feel he was close as his balls caressed her chin.

"What the fuck bitch?" was all she heard from TJ before she felt his hand on her shoulder pulling her back. She looked up to see his friend pushing Josh further down the alley. Zoe had predicted that Josh was too much of a pussy to fight for her so she was only a little disappointed when he backed off. The feeling in her pussy made her gasp as the vibrator gave her a powerful, intense, two second burst then went silent.

Taking the hint she faked a stumble away from TJ and deftly reached under her dress to remove the dildo and slip it in to her bag. Standing up and looking TJ in the eye, she dropped the innocent look. "Well who's going to fuck me now you've scared off my new friend?" she asked.

TJ laughed and undid his trousers, pulling out a semi-hard cock. Zoe gulped as his thick, ebony meat hung close to eight inches down his leg. "If you can make me hard, I might put this in you," he said, "that is, if you're lucky, bitch." Zoe just nodded unable to take her eyes from it as she sunk, almost in slow motion, to her knees in front of him and licked hungrily but reverently down his length. Her mouth took as much of his soft meat as she could manage and her tongue started to massage his cock.

"Oh yes bitch, you've been practising with that slut mouth of yours haven't you?"

His cock was definitely getting hard now. Zoe felt it swell and throb in her mouth; she backed off a little to avoid choking. She looked up to make eye contact with TJ. He obviously enjoyed the view as he looked down at this cute little white slut gazing up at him adoringly with his cock filling her mouth.

Zoe sucked hard and let her two hands work together on his cock, one stroking the base and the other caressing his balls. Her tongue licked up the precum and she swallowed, enjoying the taste. When he was fully hard and groaning above her she stood up.

Turning around she braced herself against the wall of the alley. One hand on the wall, she pushed her arse back towards TJ. Zoe used her other hand to lift her blue dress up revealing her delicate white, tight, arse barely covered by a tiny pink thong. Spreading her legs she pulled the thong aside exposing her bare pussy. Even in the dark of the alley, TJ would be able to see her lips glistening. 

She was so ready for this; her whole night so far had been building up to this. She was going to let this guy fuck her hard. She was going to cum for him. Then she would be allowed to see him. She was sure. Her phone beeped again. She felt TJ's hand taking over from hers, pulling her thong aside, and she winked at him over her shoulder as she fished her phone from her bag with her now spare hand. Oh wow, you look so hot standing there waiting for him. How does your pussy feel?

She moaned and trembled as TJ's cock pressed against her wet lips. Her hips pushed backwards involuntarily against it, wanting more. Her hands were shaking as she text back. He's so big. Oh god I'm so wet for him, he's going to fill this pussy. The head of TJ's cock pressed inside her and she gasped aloud. Even though she was soaking wet his thickness was filling her and he had to press hard, grunting himself, to get it deeper in to her.

"Oh this is one tight cunt slut, but I love how wet you've got for this dark meat. You like that don't you?" He reached a hand around and pushed it down the top of her dress, his large fingers touched her swollen nipple with a surprising gentleness and her body responded, her horniness overcoming any second thoughts she might have had.

"Oh yes. Deeper. Please," she practically begged.

"And who the fuck is that on the phone?" he asked as it beeped and flashed again.

"Don't stop, please, put more in me. It's just my sister wants to check I'm OK." She read it: you can let him cum in you. You can let him fill that tight pussy of yours with his seed. She moaned again and dropped the phone into her bag giving herself over completely to TJ, writhing her arse back against his cock, drawing him deeper.

TJ pushed his entire length into her and held her arse there for a moment before pulling out and starting to fuck her hard. Zoe, panting, moaning and mumbling incoherently felt her tight body get used by this giant cock. She looked over to her right and saw TJ's friend looking on, a grin on his face. Deeper in the alley she could also still see Josh. He was watching. His cock was still out and Zoe watched as he wanked himself off. He obviously liked the sight of her cunt being filled like this. She could tell he liked the sight of her getting off on this huge cock. Zoe liked being watched. 

She also knew there was someone else watching. Someone no one else here would see, but that she would be reunited with again later. 

She moaned loudly at the thought as TJ's pumping became more forceful and his breathing ragged. She felt his cock swell inside her and she reached between her legs, reaching up under her skirt from the front, letting her finger feel how wet she was. She caressed her clit and rubbed two fingers up and down it hard and fast in time with the cock pounding in her cunt.

Zoe felt her orgasm approach, her knees weakened and she had to use both hands to brace herself against the wall. She moaned and gasped as her cunt spasmed and electricity, grounded in the huge black meat buried in her, surged through her body. Her orgasm set TJ off and she felt him shudder and her cunt walls collected his streams of seed. He held himself deep inside her for a little while longer. He was still hard and she felt herself cum once more, an aftershock, around his cock. Zoe leaned back against him and purred as her pussy milked the last of his seed from him. 

To her right Josh was backing off in to the shadows; his cock was stuffed clumsily back in to his trousers and his hand glistening with his own cum. TJ smacked her arse playfully as he pulled out of her. He ripped her knickers off and she gasped in surprise, turning around she watched him wink at her and put the trophy in to his pocket. Flicking a business card at her all he said as he walked off was "call me sometime."