 This is based on the true story of how my friend lost her virginity. The names are fake. The crazy circumstances are real.

*

It had been four months since Jim started dating Keira, and they still hadn't had sex yet. They'd done a lot of other things, sure, but she still wouldn't let him go all the way. This had become a real point of contention for them. Even now, as Keira was sucking his cock, it was all he could think about.

He loved it when she went down on him. It had taken her a little bit of practice, but now she was damn good at it. It wasn't that the blowjobs weren't good. It's that they weren't good enough.

Keira was beautiful. At 5'8'' she was taller than most girls. She had straight blonde hair that went halfway down her back. Her tits were C-cups, and they looked amazing on her toned body. She was always attractive, but naked from the waste up, with his dick in her mouth, and those big blue eyes looking up at his? She was gorgeous.

She had been going at it for a good twenty minutes, and he knew she was getting tired. She was trying not to show it, but the sounds of her breathing, and her increased focus, let him know how hard she was trying to finish him off. It wasn't for lack of skill on Keira's part that he was lasting so long. It was pure will power on his part. He could've cum ten minutes ago. Hell, he probably could've came in the first five minutes. What would that have got him though? It would have gotten him off, sure. He could've got himself off though if that's all he wanted. No, what he wanted was that pussy.

"I, uh... I don't think it's going to happen babe." He said, trying to hide just how close he was.

"Really?" She asked, taking her mouth off his penis. "You seem so close." She slid his penis back into her mouth, and stroked him with both hands.

"I guess I got, uh..." God, this was too much. He tried his best to ignore her, "I got kind of close for a minute there, a little while ago. It definitely doesn't seem like it's going to happen now though." He lied.

"What was it?" She asked, wiping spit off her face with her hand. "Was it something I did?"

"No, of course not. That was great. I just you know... I have a really hard time cumming that way."

"Oh." She knew where he was going with this. This was the fifth time this had happened this month. She got up off her knees and sat on the bed next to him. "Is there something else you want to try?"

"I can't really think of anything. I want to fuck you, and I know you don't want to. What else could compare to that?" He managed to sound dejected, rather than manipulative.

"I'm sorry baby. We've talked about this though. I'm only eighteen, and I haven't even graduated yet. I'm not ready."

Jim had been ready when he was eighteen. He'd lost his virginity at sixteen, and since then had had a string of girlfriends. It seemed weird to him to be dating someone for this long and still not be sleeping with them. It'd never happened to him before. Then again, none of the girls he'd previously slept with had been virgins. If he could seal the deal with Keira, it would all be worth it. He really thought he might love her, and he wanted it to work. It wasn't only that though. Ever since he'd found out she was a virgin, he'd become obsessed with popping her cherry.

"I know, I know. And I'm really not trying to push you. I just have a hard time cumming sometimes except through sex. I wouldn't even bring it up. I just want you to know why it isn't happening, even though you're trying your best." And god was she ever. When they had first started dating she'd never even seen a penis in person, much less sucked one. It had taken a month to get her to go that far. At first she had been rubbish at it, and he really did have a hard time cumming. She never used her hands, and it was even painful sometimes because she kept scraping him with her teeth. All she did was go up in down with her mouth, which was nice, but didn't make him cum. She had clearly been asking her friends about it or reading online about it or something since then, because she'd become a lot more adept at it in the following few months.

Now when she went down on him she used two hands. She would lick him from his shaft to his head, and then circle his head with her tongue. She would sucks on his balls, kiss the head of his penis and then try to see just how far she could get it down her throat. She would do things with her mouth that he couldn't even describe, and it all felt amazing. Best of all, the entire time, she'd keep her eyes locked on his. He had never received such great head in his life. The problem was though that getting head wasn't his goal. He wanted to break in that pussy, and to do that, he couldn't seem too satisfied with the status quo.

"Well I don't know what to do." Her eyes were tearing up, and she rolled over to look away from him. "I want you to be happy. I'm just not ready."

"When do you think you'll be ready?" He asked, for what must have been the millionth time in the last few months. That wasn't the right thing to say. As her boyfriend, he should've been trying to reassure her. To make her feel loved. He didn't want to reassure her though. He wanted to fuck her.

"I just... I dunno. Just not yet."

"Alright. Hey, I gotta get going." He said, getting up and finding his pants.

"I thought you were going to stay the night tonight? It's not every week my parents are out of town." She sat up, facing him. His eyes immediately fell on her tits.

"Yea, well, I doubt I'd get any sleep. I'm still ready to go, and I'd just lay there all night wanting to fuck you. It's for the best if I take off, rather than just frustrate the both of us." He pulled his shirt on over his head, and grabbed his keys off the counter.

"Fine. Whatever." She said. She slammed her head back down on her pillow, tears welling up in her eyes again. She didn't think she'd be frustrated if he stayed.

"Look, don't be mad. I love you. I want to be with you. I just have needs, you know? Guys have those. Doesn't mean you should feel bad." He leaned down and kissed her on the forehead. "Have a goodnight." And with that, he grabbed the rest of his stuff and left the room.

"I love you too." She whispered, and cried herself to sleep.

Every school day Keira went to lunch with her best friend Grace. They'd usually drive to Taco Bell or Wendy's or someplace, grab some food, then sit in the parking lot gossiping until they had to drive back. Today they'd decided on Subway.

"I just don't know what to do. I'm afraid he's going to leave me." Keira said, sitting in the passenger seat of Grace's car.

"He wouldn't do that. He's in love with you." Grace said between bites of her turkey sub.

"Well he says that. Does he mean it though? I love him with every fiber of my being. I would go to sleep every night wrapped in his arms if I could. I feel so warm and safe when he's there. But he gets the chance to sleep in the same bed with me? He just bolts because I won't have sex with him!" Keira said.

"Well if you love him so much, why won't you have sex with him? What's the big deal?" Grace asked.

"What's the big deal?! It's sex. S-E-X. You know? The biggest deal. I only get to lose my virginity once. When it happens, I want it to be with the guy I'm going to spend the rest of my life with." Keira said.

"I guess. I dunno... I'd really hate to die having had sex with only one guy. What if it was awful and you didn't know it? Like maybe that guy had a tiny dick, or he could only last three minutes, but because you'd never been with another guy you just thought that's what sex was like. Then you spend your whole life unsatisfied and hating sex" Grace said.

"Well at this point I'd be happy if he came at all, even if he lasted only three minutes" Keira laughed. "And I'll tell you this much: Jim doesn't have a tiny dick. Far from it."

"You mean like..." Grace grabbed her sub sandwich with both hands, and held it up to Keira.

"Haha, no... not quite that big. Close though. Maybe more like..." Keira took several bites from around the outside of her sandwich, making the sandwich less wide.

"Well no wonder he's not cumming. You're trying to bite his dick off!" They both laughed at that. "That does look pretty impressive though still..." Grace said.

"Yea, he's a big guy." Keira said, not noticing the envy in Grace's voice. "I think it'd be great, if it didn't hurt too bad. What if he leaves me after he fucks me though? What if that's all he's in it for?"

"He's stayed with you for four months even though he hasn't gotten any. I doubt that's his only goal." Grace said.

"I dunno Grace. You should've seen him last night. He just left even though I was about to cry. I was practically in tears and all he cared about was getting off. I'm pretty sure if he doesn't get some pussy soon, he's going to go looking somewhere else." Keira said.

"I seriously don't see what the big deal is. I'd definitely let Jim take my virginity. It's just sex. You're going to do it a lot of times in your life, probably with lots of different guys. The first time is just one of those times." Grace said. Keira knew Grace was a virgin too, but not because she was saving it for someone. There weren't many things Keira didn't know about Grace. They were the same age, and they had known each other since second grade. Grace was gorgeous, perhaps even prettier than Keira, but she was really shy. She never went to parties and didn't talk to a lot of people. She wasn't reserved around Keira, but she was around everyone else.

"You'd let Jim take your virginity?" Keira asked playfully.

"Well, you know... If I were you. I'm not saying I'd try to steal him or anything." Grace laughed.

That gave Keira an idea. What if... no... it's too crazy. Why not though? She trusted Grace. She'd known her her whole life. They'd never fought over a guy before, and she knew Grace wouldn't try to steal her boyfriend.

"No really... would you let Jim take your virginity? Would you have sex with him so I wouldn't have to?" Keira asked.

"You're serious?" Grace asked.

"Way serious."

"I... I don't know. Would you be there?" Grace asked.

"Of course. He is my boyfriend after all. I wouldn't want you two fucking without me or screwing each other behind my back. It's not like I'd go to the movies with him and then he'd go to your place after and fuck you. That'd be crazy. I mean, like, would you come over to my house, and I could be there, with him, and he could have sex with you? It'd be like I was fucking him, in that I'd still be kissing him and being with him and everything, but I wouldn't have to lose my virginity yet." Keira said.

Grace had not been expecting this. Of course she'd thought of fucking Jim. He was her best friend's boyfriend, and Grace had heard all of Keira's stories about their experiences together. After the first time Keira had described Jim going down on her, Grace had gone home and masturbated at the thought of Jim doing that to her. He was seriously hot, and older, and had a good job. He was muscular, and always had a few days stubble on his face. He made the guys at their school look like children. Grace had been waiting for Keira to fuck him so she could hear all about it.

This was something different though. Was she willing to have sex with him, and with Keira there? The thought excited her. Keira and her had experimented occasionally growing up. It had actually gone pretty far. The first time Grace had had an orgasm was when she and Keira were making out in her bedroom and they'd decided to play with themselves. They both came that night. It had been a crazy experience, and one she thought of often when she played with herself. They hadn't made out or anything all senior year though, and she'd thought that time was behind them. Would this lead to more stuff between the two of them, or would it just be her and Jim? Would that be a problem?

"Hello? Grace?" Keira asked, nervously. Grace hadn't realized just how long she'd been zoning out.

"Sorry, I was, uh, just thinking. It's not a small thing you're asking here. Are you sure about this? If you're looking for 'The One', do you think you'd be alright with that guy having sex with your best friend?" Grace asked.

"Of course. Look, I really think he's going to leave me. If the option is him leaving me and having sex with some tramp, or staying with me and sleeping with my best friend, who I trust, implicitly, it's not even a choice. Besides, we share everything. We might as well share this." Keira flashed her friend with a devilish grin.

"Alright. I'm in." Grace said, smiling in return. She'd been wanting to lose her virginity all year. It seemed like all the other girls around her were losing theirs, and she didn't want to be left behind. She didn't really go on dates or anything though, so she didn't know how it would happen. This was almost too perfect.

"Thank you Grace. You have no idea how much this means to me. You're saving my relationship here." Keira said, grabbing Grace's hands.

"It's nothing really. Besides, maybe it'll even be fun?" She was getting really excited at the idea. Still, this would be her first time, and she was a bit apprehensive. "You think he'll be gentle?"

"Of course. He's a sweet guy, and I'll be right there, making sure everything goes as planned."

Jim headed to Keira's straight after work. He had thought about skipping tonight, to see if maybe that would make his point a bit more, but he really didn't like to be away from her. He was surprised when he got there to see Grace's car in the driveway. He knew she usually dropped Keira off after school, and they'd sometimes hang out for a bit, but she was almost always gone by the time he got there. Besides, Keira knew he was coming over tonight. Was this about the night before? Did Keira invite Grace over to stop him from trying to have sex with her again? He hoped that wasn't the case. He really felt like he was wearing her down, and it'd be a pain to come all the way over just to watch TV with the girls. Another night of blowjobs might be frustrating, but it was definitely preferable to a night of Desperate Housewives.

He wasn't entirely disappointed to see Grace was here though. Grace was the opposite of Keira in a lot of ways, but she was just as hot. Where Keira was tall, athletic and tanned, Grace was short, petite and pale. Where Keira was blonde and had big boobs, Grace had black hair and b-cups. Keira tended to dress more preppy and Grace wore a lot more black. Keira was more outgoing, and a lot of guys would say she was the catch between the two, but there really was something about Grace that Jim was attracted to. He couldn't help but stare at her when she was around. He'd thought Keira might have caught him a few times but she'd never brought it up or been weird about it.

Jim went inside and found the living room empty.

"Hello?" He yelled out.

"We're in here!" Keira shouted from her bedroom.

That was a little odd. With Keira's parents out of town he'd thought they'd be watching TV. When Jim opened the door to the bedroom he found both girls sitting on the bed in just their shirts and their panties. They had magazines out on the bed and looked like they'd been hanging out for awhile.

"Oh, uh, sorry..." Jim said by instinct, backing away through the door.

"No baby, it's okay." Keira said, getting up from the bed. "It's just underwear." She walked over to her boyfriend, put her hand behind his head, and drew him to her lips. She kissed him passionately, putting her tongue deep within his mouth and doing circles around his tongue.

Jim was confused. While Keira wasn't shy about public displays of affection, this was full on making out in front of her friend. Her friend who, by the way, was much less dressed that he'd ever seen her. Jim reached his hand down from the small of Keira's back down to her firm ass and gave it a squeeze. She gave him an encouraging moan, so he reached his hand under her panties and squeezed her ass again.

"So how was work?" Keira asked, pulling away from him.

"It was, uh... it was good." Jim looked to Grace, who was staring straight at him, and then back to Keira. Neither girls were wearing bras under their shirts, and both girls wore thong panties. Keira's tits looked amazing in her tight white tank top, and Grace looked great in a form-fitting black t-shirt. "What's going on here?" Jim asked.

"Well," Keira said. "I know how frustrated you've been lately." Keira sat down on the bed next to her friend. "Things have been a bit hard on us, what with you wanting to go all-the-way, and me not being ready. So, I talked with Grace here, and we decided that you'd take her virginity instead." Grace looked down shyly.

"Did I hear that right?" Jim said, stunned.

"I want you to fuck to Grace instead of me to get it out of your system." Keira said.

"And you're okay with this?" Jim asked Grace.

"I, uh... I've been wanting to lose my virginity anyway. I know you're experienced, and Keira thinks it would be really good for you two. Honestly, I just don't think it's a very big deal." Grace said. She looked like she was gaining some confidence.

"So what do you say sweety? Do you want to fuck my friend here?" Keira asked, patting Grace on the leg.

"This isn't a trick, right? If I say yes, you aren't going to jump up and say you knew it all along or anything, are you?" It didn't seem like a trick, but this seemed far too good to be true. His dick was getting stiff just talking about it.

"No trick. I do have some guidelines though. First off, no kissing. You kiss me. You don't kiss her. Second, no foreplay. I take care of the foreplay. I'm your girlfriend, not her. Her vagina is here for your cock. She's my stand-in vagina. Everything else goes through me. Last rule: If at any point I say stop, or Grace says stop, we stop. Does that work?" Keira asked.

"That doesn't seem like a very magical way for Grace to lose her virginity." Jim said. He didn't like that he couldn't kiss her. Grace wasn't a whore. If he took her virginity, he'd want to do it right. He wanted to taste her pussy, he wanted to take her tits in his mouth, and, more than anything, he wanted to kiss her while he fucked her.

"It's not going to be magical. She's fucking her best friend's boyfriend. She wants to get her virginity over with, and you want to have sex. This takes care of that. This isn't supposed to be a real romantic night between you two. I'm going to do my best to keep you both pleased though." Keira said, a big grin coming across her face.

"Really, I'm okay with this. I agreed to the rules." Grace said. She still looked timid, but there was a look in her eyes that hadn't been there a minute ago. A look of lust that shot straight through Jim. That sealed it for him.

"Alright. I'm in." Jim said, returning Keira's smile.

"Good." Keira said. "Then come here."

Both girls were sitting up on the bed. Jim walked over to Keira. She placed her hands under his belt and pulled his shirt out and over his head. Then she turned to Grace and took her top off. Last, she reached down to her own shirt and pulled it over her head. Jim's eyes darted between the two of them. Grace's tits were perfect. They were b-cups, but they fit her frame perfectly, and looked larger than he'd imagined. The nipples were bright pink and perky, and it took everything he had not to move over to them and cup them in his hands. His girlfriend's breasts were amazing, and most men probably would have picked them over Grace's. They were much larger, with quarter-sized brown nipples, and very perky for their size. He loved Keira's breasts. They were one of his favorite things about her. That said, Grace's pink nipples drove him crazy, and he thought he preferred them of the two.
