 Ch 13 This chapter contains very graphic and explicit description of sex. Please do not read if this bothers your moral code.

GETTING OFF THE BED.

MaryJane Huffman and Ray Massey lay next to each on the massive bed. Both were naked. Both were exhausted, completely fucked out.

MaryJane didn't know how long they had fucked, but she guessed it must have been well over an hour. She was soaked with sweat, his and hers. Her hair was wild and messy. Her cunt was saturated with his sperm, much of it dripping onto the bed. She looked over at the clock that sat on the dresser a few feet away from the bed. Oh my God, she thought, they had been fucking for more than 3 hours, and she had only arrived here at Landon's Lady Lavorotica 3 hours and 15 minutes ago.

She had come here for the fucking and, apparently, if 'so far' was any indication, she would sure be getting all her money's worth.

The councilor for Landon's had told her that her stay there would be the most wonderful week of sex she would ever enjoy. So far, 3 hours and 15 minutes into her stay, MaryJane was able to say that what the councilor had promised was holding up. The councilor had told MaryJane that her first day at Landon's would include at least one great surprise, a fucking experience that would be as intense as she had ever had.

She looked over at Ray. His large cock, even deflated as it was this moment, still looked impressive. He had worked very hard these past three hours and had come, shooting his hot jism four times in that short span of time. She didn't think he would be ready to go again. MaryJane had orgasmed more times than she had been able to keep count of, small and major orgasms had melded into each other. They must have totaled to at least 30 wonderful, complete, and satisfying spasms of pure pleasure. 

Truly, she was in slut heaven.

But, MaryJane thought, incredible as her sex with Ray had been, she was pretty sure that it was not the great experience that the councilor had promised would come today.

"Hey, sailor," she said, looking over at Ray and trying on her best Lauren Bacall expression, "How ya doin'?" She was sorry she hadn't had a cigarette between her lips when she said it. 

"Okay, thanks for asking," he said. Ray watched as she ran her fingers tenderly over his very well used now flaccid organ. "But, ahh," he added, "I am bound to tell you that I can get a replacement up here in less than two minutes." He glanced down at his limp penis. "I am wore out. Sorry."

"No problem," MaryJane replied, "I was just admiring your very nice cock. Even untumescent, non-tumescent, whatever, it did bring me off. Is everyone on the staff here as well endowed?"

"A few not as well; most as well or better; and a very select group much better," he said.

"You trying to talk me into letting you go? You need to rest?"

Ray pushed himself up into a sitting position. "I am not trying to get you to replace me here unless you are need of some more cock. I do need to rest, but just from sex." 

"Just the man I'm looking for," she said. "I think I better get a quick orientation about this place. The councilor explained things, but now that I am here....."

"I'll be glad to answer any and all questions. "

"And I have some questions. First," MaryJane asked, "What do you know about the 'great experience' that is supposed to happen to me before today is over. Was what just happened it?"

"I hope our recent fuckings have been pleasant for you, but I am happy to say that the first day spectacular is yet to come."

"And....?"

"Well, more than that I cannot say. I don't really know. Maria Surbin-Annela is in charge of the 'first day spectaculars and you will be meeting her later.

"The Maria Surbin-Annela?" MaryJane allowed her astonishment to show. Surbin-Annela had produced operas at every major opera house in the world, from Seoul to Brisbane, from Moscow to San Francisco. She had directed plays on Broadway, galas in Washington. 

"No one else, and she is pretty secretive about the experience until it happens, so I can't tell you anything about it. I just don't know."

"Okey dokey," Mrs. Huffman sat up straighter on the bed, crossed her legs in yoga fashion and stretched her upper body, "I haven't seen any other employees so far. How many?"

Ray, with a bit less energy than MaryJane had, lay back down and spread out on the bed. "Our employee-guest ratio is always maintained at at least 10 to one. That includes all employees, groundskeepers, waiters, cooks, entertainment staff, housekeepers, drivers," he nodded in acknowledgement to himself, "everyone. And each of us is prepared to help serve a guest unless we already are with a an other guest, or unless we have just served a guest and am too pooped at that moment.Yes, and before you ask, each member of the staff is capable, able, and ready to serve our guests in a personal way. The guest asks, we do."

"So, if I want you to stay here for the next six days, you would?"

"I would, but, with all the hot studs around, you wouldn't," he said. 

"How do I meet the hot studs, the staff?" 

"We could take a walk, see who we meet. We are all staff. Ask and we do." Ray reached over and allowed his fingers to trace the lovely curve of her calf. "You wear high heels much?" 

"Why do you ask?"

"Beautiful muscle here." He ran the palm of his hand along her calf.

"My gym. The treadmill. The elliptical. The track. I work out three times a week."

Ray pushed himself up off of the bed. He looked down. His cock, compared to what its size had been not too long before was now a corpuscular shred of its previous pullulation.

MaryJane followed his gaze to the shrunken cock. ""Let's take a walk," she said. 

                            #####  

MEET AND GREET,

They weren't out of the cabin a minute when Ray introduced her to Franklin Delan. "Franklin," he said to the tall, well built Black man tending the flowers outside the cabin, "I'd like to introduce MaryJane Huffman to you."

Franklin must have been close to 6'5", his sculpted black body was beautiful, gleaming at the moment from his labors in the hot sun. He held out his large hand and MaryJane, her small hand lost in the expanse of Franklin's grip, shook hands. 

Ray spoke: "Ms. Huffman arrived just a few hours ago, and I'm showing her around Landon's."

"Nice meeting you," Franklin said to MaryJane. "If there is anything you would like assistance with, please don't hesitate to ask." He smiled and kneeled down to continue his task of tending the garden around the cabin, 

As he squatted, MaryJane was amazed at the sight he presented. He wasn't wearing underwear, and the shorts he was wearing were cut very loosely so that she was presented with a clear view of his cock, hanging down between his thighs, two-thirds of the way towards his knee. The cock's girth was proportionate to its length.

In most circumstances, MaryJane, seeing what she was seeing in the loosely cut shorts would have expressed interest, desire or surprise . But she was here in Landon's Lady Lavorotica, so she merely smiled nicely, "It has been a pleasure meeting you," she said.

Ray spoke as he and she continued on the path which led away from her cabin. "Franklin's one of those better endowed employees here. Very popular. He played basketball at one of the S.E.C. colleges and when he is not busy tending the gardens or tending a guest, you usually can see him working out at the gym. Want to see the gym next?" 

                            #####

HOW SHE BECAME THE 'MAIN ACTOR.'

This was amazing!

She was sitting here at Landon's restaurant, an elegant establishment with gleaming silverware, spotless table-linen, and hot looking waiters and bus-boys ready to cater to her any whim or desire, whether that desire be more dessert or a cock to taste.

But, what was the most exciting thing, was who MaryJane was sitting with. MaryJane Huffman was eating dinner and sharing small talk with Naria Surbin-Annela. 

"I visit here at least eighteen times a year," said Naria Surbin-Annela to Mary Jane. "Nowdays, I am here most of the time to consult, to prepare an 'experience' for a new guest. It is sometimes a bit overly awesome for a young woman, a slut like myself or yourself, to find herself in such an agreeable situation. I remember my first time, " Naria smiled at MaryJane. She glanced around the room at the employees. "Better than Hollywood. There, the men either think women exist to pleasure them or believe that women are there so that men have a way to prove their virility. Here at Landon's they pleasure women. That is it.. Sex Nerds, I call them." Naria stopped for a moment, looked at MaryJane, smiled and began talking again. "I loved it, by the way, when you defined being a slut as getting wet when a man in the room with you has a hard-on. "How many times have you been fucked so far today? Many first time visitors can't stop once they start."

MaryJane Huffman, erstwhile English teacher at Our Lady of Sweet Tidings High School smiled. "Just once, for three hours. I arrived just five hours ago. Had sex, took a tour and met the people employed here, cleaned up and was told that you had requested I sit at your table for dinner."

"True," said Naria. "I have read your resume and interview. You are a very interesting young woman. I have thought hard and prepared carefully for the performance production I am sure you will very much enjoy this evening.

"I design, orchestrate and oversee at least one piece at the playhouse each time I visit here" Surbin-Annela continued. " I designed a performance piece for tonight, expecting that it would result in a truly amazing spectacle for onlookers and a happy mind-altering experience for you."

MaryJane Huffman looked around the elegant dining room. At least a dozen tables were spread around the floor, some with couples, a few with parties of six or eight, several with only single occupants. Mary Jane didn't know how to feel about being singled out for that evening's experience.

Naria Surbin-Annela offered MaryJane a dazzling smile. "I need only your agreement to participate as a fully consensual actor in the piece. Would you agree to star? My pieces are designed to offer their star performer a magnificent sexual experience. Guaranteed! "

MaryJane, her body totally aroused, her cunt wet, her mind dizzy, nodded. How could she not consent?

                            #####

STARRING IN THE PERFORMANCE PIECE.

MaryJane Huffman  had finished dinner, gone back to her cabin, rested and was now backstage at the Playhouse. She didn't know which she was more, excited or curious. Her curiosity would be quenched soon. Her sexual arousal, she hoped, would soon be assuaged too. 

For sure, she was excited. Her pussy wet, her tits super sensitive, her breathing deep and quick.

Surbin-Annela was busy overseeing the final reconfiguration of the Playhouse. The building was amazing. It was an intimate performance space. Maybe 400 seats surrounded a sunken stage on three sides and tiered upwards from the performance area. The stage was 36 by 18 feet. On the stage there were only two bits of furniture, a large, uncovered, comfortable appearing platform and a large leather couch. Both the platform and the couch were a subdued green. At the fourth wall of the stage, a dark curtain closed off from view a place where the actors and participants in the evening's activities waited. 

MaryJane Huffman sat on a chair next to Franklin Delan, the basketball star she had been introduced to earlier. 

"Ms. Surbin-Annela will be communicating with me and the other participants through the wireless ear piece I and the others are wearing," Franklin told MaryJean. "You will not be wearing an ear piece." .   

"Where are the others who'll be participating?" she asked Franklin.

"They're with Surbin-Annela. She's giving them last instructions. You ready?"

MaryJane laughed, "I don't know. Don't know what I am supposed to be doing." 

Suddenly the lights backstage dimmed and brightened. They dimmed and brightened again. 

"We have a minute," said Franklin. "Don't worry about a thing. Just be yourself. Did Surbin-Annela promise that this would be the most intense, the most fulfilling, the hottest sex you have ever had?"

"Yes, she did." 

"On stage," the voice of Maria Surbin-Annela commanded before Franklin could comment. 

MaryJane felt Franklin take her arm and lead her through a gap in the curtain onto the sunken stage which was pitch dark. She could see the audience. The lights off stage dimmed. Those on stage brightened, and the audience was now invisible. Franklin, still holding MaryJane's hand, led her to the center of the stage. 

"Are you ready?" he asked, his voice was loud enough to be heard throughout the theatre. 

"Yes. I'm ready," said MaryJane.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

PERFORMING OR IS IT PERFORMING?

The Performance was underway.

The next voice the audience and the pair on stage heard was the voice of Maria Surbin-Annela. "You have agreed," the voice was directed at MaryJane, "to be the subject of this performance?"

MaryJane began to nod an answer then thought instead to speak her answer, "Yes, I agreed to be in this performance."

"Without reservation and of your own free will?"

"Without reservation and of my own free will," MaryJane Huffman replied.

"Have you been promised anything for appearing in this theatre?" the disembodied voice from backstage asked.

"Only that I would experience an orgasm as powerful as any I had ever experienced in my life before.."

The audience responded to MaryJane's answer with a nervous laugh.

Franklin Delan, taking direction through his earphone, escorted MaryJane to a seat on the couch. He moved behind MaryJane and began to massage her back between her shoulders. At the same moment eight additional cast members appeared on the stage, walking on in single file. 

Somehow, the stage lights were manipulated so that the new cast member's faces and bodies, except for their groin areas, were somehow blurred. Their groin areas, in contrast, were each individually illuminated. Clearly visible to MaryJane and to the audience now were eight cocks of various length, contour, ambit, silhouette, and color. None, as yet, were fully tumescent. All, however, were impressively large.

"Ms. Huffman."

MaryJane, who had been looking at the anatomical exhibition with interest, looked up at the sound of the disembodied voice.

"Do you like what you see?" 

MaryJane nodded yes.

"Speak up," commanded the voice of Surbin-Annela. "No need to be shy. You are a slut, aren't you?"

"Yes," MaryJane's voice rang out.

"Mr. Delan," the voice addressed Franklin.

"Yes?'

"Please assist your slut by removing her clothing. Slowly."

MaryJane was wearing a simply cut a-line dress which had a series of buttons running from the neck to the dress' hem at her knees. One by one, Franklin freed the buttons, slowly. He then took the dress from MaryJane's shoulders and her body. She was without underwear. Her splendid body shone under the lights, fully revealed to the audience and to the eight naked men on stage with her. At least three of the cocks on display began a journey towards burnished erectness.

"Even for a slut like you, eight are too many cocks to be dealt with right away," Maria's voice rang out, "choose four to remain on stage for the present. The others will be back later."

MaryJane hesitated for a moment. .  

"Choose," Maria's voice broke through the silence. 

"Those," MaryJane said quickly, "the men with the cocks growing hard," and she pointed one, two, three, four, to four of the men waiting, 

"Do you remember how you defined being a slut?" the voice from off stage asked.

"I said that a slut was someone, who if she was in a room with a man and he had an erection, then her cunt got wet." Again, MaryJane was able to hear a subdued laughter, a reaction from the audience.

"And, so," Surbin-Annela's voice questioned, "are you wet at this moment?"

"For sure," MaryJane said, her comment accompanied by more subdued laughter.  

There were now only six people on stage, MaryJane Huffman, Franklin Delan, and the four men with the hard cocks she had just pointed to.

"I will no longer be addressing you," the off stage voice said, "Franklin will do my talking to you from now on."

"Go to the couch. Sit there," Franklin told MaryJane. . "Move!" he shouted. 

MaryJane quickly moved and stood next to the couch.

"Can't you follow a simple command?" said Franklin Delan.

"But, I...." MaryJane started to say.

"DON'T ARGUE!." Delan shouted at her.

For the first time, MaryJane Huffman became a bit frightened. At the same moment, she realized that she was becoming more aroused. Her nipples were erect; they stood out, shivering in the quiet air. She felt her chest blush pink, her breasts tingle. Her clit filled with blood and peeked out from its hood. Her cunt's wetness, she felt, was beginning to seep from inside, showing, she was sure, on the lips of her excited labia.

Franklin, the only person on stage not nude, meanwhile, was now getting himself undressed. His giant penis, when he revealed it, was already hard, very hard. It was pointed away from his body, straight at MaryJane. Ever since seeing his large cock, MaryJane had thought about it, imagined it filling her cunt. Now it was there on view. Not only was it large, it was beautiful, solid, its shaft clean, its head a light purple.

The audience surrounding the stage had been quiet. Suddenly, even the silence became muted. 

MaryJane feared that the beating of her heart was so loud that it could be heard at the very top row of the theatre.

Franklin moved closer. She could smell his pungent, somewhat spicy odor. It was sexy as hell. Had she not already been so excited, she would have been turned on by the smell.

He ran his hand over her cunt. His fingers curled through the thick brush of cunt hair. He smoothed the hair and parted it so that the labia's slit was clearly visible. MaryJane was sure that her engorged clit was now visible to the audience. She was positive the audience was able to notice the glint of wet at her cunt. 

A large part of the audience, nearly all the women, were, as was MaryJane, sluts. So she was pretty sure that they knew what she was feeling. She was feeling an almost desperate hunger for a cock or cocks to fill her cunt.

"Get up onto the platform," Franklin Delan told her.

Maybe it was going to happen now. She jumped up onto the platform.

"Lie down," he said, apparently taking his cues from an embedded earphone. 

She lay down. Glancing at his cock, she noticed its true tumescent grandeur. It was awesome.

"How do you wish to be addressed?"

MaryJane didn't care what he called her. "Anything, call me anything." The whole of her groin area was on fire with need.

"By your name, MaryJane Huffman?"

"Yes, yes, that would be fine. Call me by my name." She just wanted to get on with it. 

"Wrong answer! Whore is a wrong answer. 'Slut.' Slut is the correct answer. That is what you will be called here from here on in,"

"Okay, alright. Call me slut." Why was he teasing her? His cock, his prick, his organ, his PENIS, she wanted it now.

"What are you wishing for?" 

"I want to have sex."

"Wrong answer!"

Why was he torturing her? She wanted his cock in her cunt. "I want you to fuck me."

"Better answer," he answered. "You want my cock?"

"Yes, yes, yes." His cock was only inches away from her face. It was so big. Oh, it was beautiful. 

"Where do you want it?"

"In my cunt. Now. Please."

"Wrong answer!"

"Wherever you want. Please, hurry." She didn't know how much more of this she could take. Her cunt was so wet that she was sure his cock would just slide in and she wouldn't be able to feel it.
