 As she sits and runs her hand down her throat, Sarah is thinking back on earlier in the day. It is a quiet day in her home, her husband Ron continually stimulates her sexual nature. For the time Ron is not working so husband and wife are home together constantly. Sometimes this is a good thing, some days Sarah wonders when her husband will return to work, or just find something to do for the afternoon. The quiet afternoon is broken when Ron sits on his wife's lap.

Sarah knows when Ron is horny; she can read his actions like a book. He will sit on her lap and softly kiss her face or come up behind her in the kitchen and rub is cock along her ass. He knows how to be subtle at times but then sometimes he just says, "do you want to fuck or fight."

With a soft light smile, Sarah slides her warm hand inside Ron's sweatpants and strokes his cock until it is very thick and hard. She loves to feel his cock in her hand, as he gets harder and leans his head back sighing ohhhhh yesss. He always tells her how good it feels when she strokes his cock. See with Sarah it isn't always about her own pleasure, she gets pleasure from giving. 

The stroking continues for several minutes, slowly and sporadically she stops or slows down at times so that he won't cum too soon. Soon though the couple knows it is time to proceed to their bedroom. Once there after fully removing their clothes and lying on the bed, Sarah continues to stroke and kiss Ron on his rock hard cock. Wetting his cock with her mouth briefly while stroking it, her husband is withering on the bed in excitement and anticipation. 

Breaking the silence Ron tells her he wants her on top this time. After stroking his cock for a little bit Sarah can literally feel her juice flowing. When she knows the time is right she slowly slides her body on top of his, angling her left leg over enough that she can slide his throbbing cock inside. Sitting down on his cock, she watches his eyes widen with pleasure. Placing her hands on either side of his head she rocks back and forth on his cock until he grabs her hips and shoots a huge load of cum up inside her. 

Usually once is enough but she pushes the limit and can tell he is horny enough to continue fucking. So Sarah rocks back on her haunches taking his cock as far in her cunt as she can. She is hoping to hit her own climax, trying to find just the right spot to make herself cum all over him; leaving their juices to mingle and slide down his ass. Leaning forward again and sliding her clit to the head of his cock is too much for him and he shoots another load of hot cum inside her.

This time she knows he can't go anymore, too ticklish down there after he cums. It is ok though even if she hasn't cum her body hums with life and she feels great knowing she has satisfied him thoroughly. 

Sarah doesn't worry is she doesn't always orgasm during sex. Fulfilling her partner is the first thing she tries to do. She knows that due to her age and changing body sometimes an orgasm comes faster or slower than other times. However, their sex life doesn't suffer because of this. Sarah's home business consists of direct sales of adult novelty items; including vibrators, lotions, potions, and lingerie. The best part of the business has to be testing out products. 

It is extremely exciting to be in a relationship with a man secure enough to use a vibrator on his partner. Sarah thinks that Ron has figured out which vibrator is her favorite. On separate occasions before, while lying in bed kissing and fondling each other Ron will go down on his wife. Licking her clit and sucking it to a peak, then retrieving the vibrator of her choice (it has the phallus that swivels and vibrates plus a smaller "appendage" that vibrates the clit). That little "appendage" that vibrates is her most favorite part; it will have her cumming in less than a minute. 

Usually when this vibrator is used and Sarah cums before they actually fuck, Ron will slide his cock inside her cunt and rub her clit at the same time that he cums Sarah will cum again. 

This couple share a healthy active sex life that is fulfilling and naughty at the same time. Please if you would like to read more of their story vote for this one.