 We walked in silence until we got to my room. I unlocked the door and pulled Brodie inside with me.

He cupped my face in his hands and his deep brown eyes bored into mine. "He still had no right to say that to you. I don't want anything except to be with you." He kissed my forehead and touched his forehead to mine. "I love you, Sarah Ingham." He whispered.

I smiled. He'd never said that before, I knew it was true but it was nice to hear. "I love you, Brodie George." I replied and I kissed him passionately.

He picked me up, wrapping my legs around his waist and walking across the room, laying me on the bed. His lips left mine and travelled down my neck, his hands travelling down my body. Oh, God. We're gonna do it.

I placed my hands on his chest and pushed slightly. He looked up at me and I could see the burning passion in his eyes.

"Sarah, we'll only do this if you want to. There is no pressure." He said.

My hands moved from his chest to the waistband of his trousers and I pulled his shirt out of them. I undid the buttons throwing the shirt on the floor. His lips found mine again.

I felt braver than I normally did and I think I shocked him when I removed his trousers, with his help, and reached into his boxers and gripped his cock, rubbing his length. He groaned and buried his face in my neck, gently biting the skin and working his way down.

He pulled away and started to remove my dress. He took off my bra and rubbed my breasts between his hands, pinching my nipples. I moaned and he brought his mouth to my breast, kissing and sucking on my nipple whilst continuing to rub and pinch the other. After a few minutes he swapped and I felt the cool air caress my flesh and I shivered slightly.

My hands gripped his hair and I arched my back trying to get a close to him as possible. He moved further down my body, pulling my panties off with his teeth. I spread my legs and he bent one of my knees bringing his face between my legs, gently sucking on my clit and pushing one then two fingers into me. "You're so wet for me, Sarah." He said and moved his face back to continue his attack on me.

"Brodie!" I gasped as his fingers started moving faster into me, making me moan and shudder beneath him. I felt my climax coming and I brought my hips off the bed, bringing his face closer to me as he put another finger in me. I shouted his name as my climax hit and he licked up all my juices.

He slowly brought his face up and kissed my hard on the lips, our tongues fighting for dominance. I reached my hand down to his cock again and rubbed it, getting it even harder than it already was.

"Sarah, are you sure?" he asked and I rubbed him again, by way of an answer.

He got of the bed and went into his wallet pulling out a condom, which frankly I was surprised he'd remembered not that he kept them in his wallet.

I pulled myself further onto the bed while Brodie rolled the condom on. He crawled up the bed, placing kisses all over my body until he reached my lips and we kissed again.

He placed himself at my entrance and cupped my face with his other hand, looking into my eyes. "Ready?" he whispered.

I nodded and he gently pushed into me. There was a sharp pain and I winced slightly. Brodie stopped moving letting me get used to him while he placed tiny kisses on my neck. I moved my hips slightly, making him move further into me and he began slowly moving in and out.

Both of us were moaning in pleasure, he kept kissing my neck, my breasts, my cheeks while my nails dug into his back making him move faster in me. I moved with him making him moan more.

I felt my second climax building so I wrapped my legs around his waist bringing him closer to me. "Brodie...I'm gonna cum..." I moaned as my climax hit. "Oh, God don't stop." I moaned as he continued thrusting into me.

He moved faster in me, and my hands and legs gripped him tighter bringing him as close to me as possible."Fuck, Sarah. I'm gonna cum." he moaned as he came too.

He pulled out of me, removed the condom and collapsed on the bed, pulling me with him. I put my head on his chest and wrapped my leg around his waist. He stroked my hair.

"If I'd have known it would have been that good I'd have done it sooner." I laughed after a few minutes after catching our breaths.

"I'm glad we waited until now. It wouldn't have been right at any other time." he said, kissing my hair.

"I love you." I whispered and snuggled closer to him.

"I love you." He said and he pulled me closer.

We must have fallen asleep because the next thing I remember was hearing a knock at the door.....







A Few Hours Later........

"How were we going to celebrate then?" he smiled, picking me up and taking me back to the bed.

He laid me down gently and kissed my passionately. He started to take off my clothes but I flipped us over so I straddled his waist. There was a look of shock on his face but also lust and pleasure.

I stood up and started stripping my clothes off. I removed my jacket and trousers and threw them across the room. I took my bra off from under my shirt and threw it at him, hitting him in the face. He laughed and moved to reach me.

I backed away. "I don't think so, Mr George." I whispered. "I want to have a bit of fun." I smiled. He sat back on the bed, against the headboard with his hands behind his head, smiling slightly. I could see from where I stood at the foot of the bed that he was aroused.

Getting back on the bed I crawled up to him and knelt over him. I removed his trousers and rubbed his prominent erection. I heard him groan so I did it again. His hands twitched at his side, he wanted to touch me but I wouldn't let him. I took my hand off him and giggled slightly at his pained expression.

"Sarah..." he groaned.

"Yes, Brodie?" I said, reaching to undo the buttons on my shirt. I removed that leaving me in my black lace thong.

"Let me touch you. Let me make love to you." He whispered pulling himself up. I leaned away again.

"I will let you." I said, reaching up to touch my breasts. "But I want to tease you. I want to give you pleasure." I whispered.

He reluctantly moved back to his original position. I knelt over him again and removed his shirt running my hand from his stomach up to his chest. Moving further up, I straddled his waist and leaned in to whisper in his ear.

"You can touch me now." Before I had even finished my sentence his hands were on my breasts, pinching my nipples making me moan in pleasure. He leaned down taking one in his mouth while teasing the other with his hand. My hands trailed down to the waistband of his boxers and took his cock in my hand eliciting another groan from him.

He pushed me back so was laying down, him above me. His eyes never left mine as he kissed his way down my body, removing my underwear and putting his mouth on me. I moaned and laced my fingers in his hair, bringing him closer to me. I felt his tongue probing my entrance and he slowly entered. I gasped and tightened my grip. I was close to orgasm when he stopped.

I whimpered slightly and he laughed. He removed his boxers freeing his erection when I had an idea. He was on his knees about to put on the condom when I quickly moved to take him in my mouth. He gasped and put his hands in my hair.

This being my first blow job I wasn't entirely sure of what I was doing but I think I did well. Brodie was big so whatever I couldn't fit in my mouth I worked in my hand. I let my tongue move around him bringing my mouth up to circle the head.

"Oh, God, Sarah." He sighed. "I'm so close...I want to be inside you." He pulled my head away from him, quickly putting on the condom and sitting down. I straddled him again and I felt him at my entrance.

I held him in my hand and slowly lowered myself onto him causing us both to groan. I wrapped my arms around him kissing him passionately while he moved in and out of me and he played with my breasts again.

"Brodie...I'm gonna...cum..." I moaned a few seconds later and he moved us so I was on my back making sure he remained inside me. He moved faster pumping in and out with so much force I felt the whole bed move.

He put his hands on my hips and started kissing my neck and shoulder as my orgasm hit. I sighed his name and he kept on moving in and out of me.

When I'd recovered, I gripped his shoulders and flipped us over so I was on top and moved my hips in circles as I stared down at him. I felt another orgasm building within me and I knew his was coming to. I felt him tense beneath me and groaned as he came, me coming after him. I collapsed on top of him, and he kissed my forehead. We lay like that for a few minutes until he took his cock out of me and moved us so we were under the covers, lying on our sides with our legs intertwined.

"What did I do to deserve you?" He said after a while, brushing my hair from my face.

"Something good obviously" I laughed and sighed as his hands moved to my waist. He tucked my head under his chin and I listened to his heart beat.

"I can't believe that I'm your first. Not that you throw yourself around or anything but just because you're so beautiful and amazing. You're irresistible" He whispered into my hair.

I pulled up to face him. "I can't be that good. You have so much more experience than me." I suddenly felt insecure. How many women, experienced women, had Brodie been with?

"Sarah, you cannot compare yourself to anyone else. Besides, it doesn't matter unless you're with someone you love. It might sound crazy to you but I never gave myself fully to a woman until you. I always held a part of me back because I knew that it meant nothing with anyone else."

We kissed again and I felt tears brimming in my eyes. Tears of happiness that I was one to capture Brodie George, playboy and womaniser's heart.









A Few Days Later.........

"I love you." I told him. I felt like I needed to reassure him that I was truly in love with him, especially now.

"I love you." He replied and he kissed me again. I sat up so I was straddling his waist and undid the buttons on his shirt revealing his chest, I threw his shirt across the room and it got lost in all of Brodie's clothes that were still covering the floor. I leaned down and kissed down his neck to his stomach until I got to the waistband of his jeans. I felt his erection straining against the fabric and I rubbed along his length and he groaned.

He grabbed my hand and pulled me up to kiss him again and he got me out of my t shirt and bra. He brought his head to my breasts and sucked and nipped my nipples and I moaned and started rubbing his erection again.

Brodie pulled away again as we both took off the rest of our clothes. We collapsed back on the floor and started kissing again. I took his length in my hand and masturbated him making Brodie break our kiss and throw his head back.

"Shit, Sarah." He moaned as I moved down to take him in my mouth working my tongue around him and taking the rest of him in my hand. I felt Brodie put his hands on my head to hold me there and I took more of him in my mouth.

I worked his cock for a few minutes when I heard Brodie's voice. "Sarah, I'm gonna cum soon." I ignored him and carried on. I felt him tense beneath me. "I can't...I'm...cumming...Sarah!" He groaned and I felt him come in my mouth and I swallowed as much as I could. It was first time I'd let Brodie cum in my mouth so I wasn't sure what to expect but he tasted kind of nice actually.

He sat up, took my head between his hands and we kissed again, I was pretty sure he'd be able to taste himself but he didn't seem to care. His hand was between my legs and his fingers were gently probing my entrance.

"God, you're so wet for me, baby." He said as I stopped kissing him and let his hand roam all over my body while I fucked his fingers. I played with my breasts, pinching my nipples as he pleasured me and I threw my head back in ecstasy.

I felt his cock grow hard beneath me and that added to my orgasm. "Brodie...don't stop...I'm gonna...cum..." I moaned as he continued his assault on me.

"That's it, baby. Cum for me." he whispered and that threw me over the edge. I moaned and buried my face in his shoulder.

When my orgasm subsided, I guided his cock to my entrance and started to lower myself onto him.

"Sarah, condom." He said and started to reach for his wallet.

I smiled. "I'm on the pill. We don't need them." I leaned down to whisper in his ear. "I want to feel you cum inside me." I lowered myself onto his cock and we both moaned. I'd never had sex without a condom before and it felt so good. It kind of felt like it was real sex we were having, which sounded stupid but that's what it felt like.

Brodie laid back down on the floor and placed his hands on my knees slowing caressing up my thighs to rest on my hips. I leaned back bracing one of my hands on the floor behind me and the other to cup my breasts, I rolled my hips as he thrust in and out and I felt his cock go deeper inside me in this position. Brodie rubbed my clit and I moaned again feeling my second orgasm approach.

He flipped us over so he was on top and I wrapped my legs around his waist. My orgasm swept through me and I dug my nails into his back. I was pretty sure I drew blood but he didn't seem to care.

"Oh...my...God!" I screamed as he rode out my orgasm, his thrusts picking up in pace. No sooner had my last orgasm finished another one started.

"Cum with me, Sarah." Brodie said, and his orgasm hit along with mine. I felt him shoot inside me and it was the greatest thing I have ever felt, apart from him biting me. "Fucking hell!" he shouted as he came and he kept thrusting into me until our orgasm subsided.

We kissed each other gently as he pulled out and I saw nothing but love and adoration in his eyes.

"That was the best sex we have ever had." He said.

"Are you alright, sweetie?" he asked.

"I feel a bit dizzy." I admitted. He gently pulled me up, steadying me when I swayed on my feet and helped me to the bed.

I'll get you something to eat." He went to his mini fridge and got a bottle of water and a chocolate bar which I devoured in seconds. It made me feel a bit better but my eyelids still drooped.

Brodie held me against his body. "Sleep, my love." He whispered and I did.

I woke up a few hours later to probably the best wakeup call ever. Brodie between my legs, nibbling at my clit with his fingers buried inside me.

I moaned and he looked up at me with a massive grin on his face. "Nice nap, love?" he asked, putting a third finger into me. I moaned again and he move back down to tease my clit with his tongue. I was close to orgasm and I gripped the bed sheets as he pleasured me.

"Mmmm...Brodie." I groaned as I came and he continued finger fucking me until my orgasm subsided. "I could get used to that." I smiled as he kissed me and I tasted myself on his lips.

"Feel better?" he asked, moving back so he was next to me, my head on his chest.

"Yeah definitely. Good enough for round two." I winked and kissed him again taking his cock in my hand, making him even harder than he already was.

We kissed for a few minutes with me rubbing his cock when I pulled away. "Seeing as today is a day for firsts and we are making up for several days without sex, how about we do something new?" I asked, continuing to rub his cock.

"And what would that be?" he asked. I moved away from and went to the end of the bed on all fours.

"How about you fuck me like this?" I asked.

Without needing further encouragement, Brodie spread my legs and guided his cock to my entrance and entered me.

"That feels so good." I moaned and I felt fuller than I ever had before. He grabbed my hips and thrust into me as I pushed back onto him.

"You're so tight like this, Sarah." He groaned and thrust harder into me. I put my hand between my legs to rub my clit bringing my orgasm closer.

"Fuck me...harder..." I moaned and Brodie complied and my orgasm hit.

"That's it, baby." Brodie encouraged and I quivered beneath him with my strength of my climax.

I felt Brodie cum inside me again and I pushed back against him, taking as much of him as I could.

He pulled out and I laid down in front of him, him spooning me.

We lay in silence for a while and I noticed that it was getting near curfew. Reluctantly I got up to leave.

"Where are you going?" Brodie asked as I started gathering up my clothes.

"It's near curfew. They're really tightening up security since the attack so I should really go." I pulled on my jeans but threw my thong at Brodie. "A little memento to keep you going through the night." I giggled and leaned over to kiss him. He grabbed me around the waist and pulled me on top of him.

"No, you're not going! You're staying here with me!" he tightened his grip as I tried to pull away.

"Brodie!" l laughed as I failed to escape, not that I was really trying.

Brodie kissed my neck. "I love you, Sarah." He said.

"I love you." I said. I kissed him again and snuggled into his embrace and fell asleep.