 "Come on bro, you've been sulking in that apartment for a week. Get out here and have some fun!" Chads semi slurred speech indicating he is probably already half in the bag by now. This midnight phone call isn't that first time he has called this week, trying to get me out of my sullen mood. 

"Not tonight, bro. I am going to grab some whiskey and pizza, hang around my place tonight."

"She's not coming back bud. Least you can come have a good time with me, I have women waiting for you here!" 

"Maybe next week. Have fun, and get a ride home." Rushing to get off the phone before my mood kills his night more than it has already.

"Ok man, just try and cheer up. And for fuck sake get some good whiskey this time; no piss fire water. Love you bro."

"Love you too man."

Ending the call threw my living room back into almost complete darkness again. Since everything in this place reminds me of Emily, I've been spending most of my time here in darkness. Not wanting the memories of our soured relationship to push me deeper into sadness. It's been about two weeks since she moved out of our apartment and into dick heads house. His real name is Bruce something, but ever since she told me how long they have been fucking behind my back I have came up with a list of nicknames for him. Dick head, fuck knuckle, etcetera. Childish undoubtedly but, like my now dark living space, it helps with the day to day coping.

In reality, our relationship was not the best. She hated my slight video game addiction, constant underhanded remarks about my fashion sense being that of a highschooler, and the fact I would rather stay at home reading, having a drink, and or play a video games over going out with her friends getting shit faced and talking down about people they knew or just saw. But it was still companionship, and someone I can share the good and bad days with.

"I need a fucking drink." I say out loud. Slowly raising off the couch with tingling legs. Slowly shuffling, as to not aggravate the pins and needles in my legs, I made my way to my bathroom for an extremely needed piss. Squinting through the blinding bathroom light, I caught a glance of myself in the mirror. A rough looking version of myself stared back at me. Unkempt beard, bagged eyes, greasy hair. "You look like you a hobo smells." I said to my reflection.

The knock on my apartments door surprised me a bit. Who in the hell is knocking on my door at midnight. I didn't buzz anyone up. 

The knock came again a little louder. 

Maybe if I ignore them they will just go away. My television and lights are off, maybe they will think I am gone for the night.

"Nate." Kats voice came from the hallway. "Can you let me in please." Kat and I meet last summer. I came home from a night of drinking and DnD at Chads. Her, now ex, boyfriend was drunk, shouting obscenities outside her apartment, and kicking the door. While I may have been tipsy, I am pretty sure he was running on nothing but booze. I ended up pulling him away from the door and holding him down while I shouted for her to call the cops. She was afraid he might post bail and come back that night, so I invited her up to sleep on my couch that night. Turns out she is a huge gamer, so we spent all night up finishing off a bottle of whiskey and playing different console games. We have been close friends and gaming partners ever since, having weekly raids and fireteams sessions online. 

Grudgingly, I opened the door. Kat is a stark contrast to my mountain man look. A gitty spirited woman that tends to light up a room. Smiling up at me, pushing a bag of groceries towards me, and hold up a bottle of my favorite whiskey.

"You, sir, have been ignoring me." She chastised before ducking under my arm into my living room, turning on the lights. "Two weeks of missed raids, messages, texts, and phone calls." Putting the bottle down, she stared at me, waiting for a reason. I couldn't help but chuckle a little.

"I know, I am sorry. I just..." taking a second to collect myself. "Beck left me." 

"I know. I am sorry Nate." Kat said, giving me a hug around my waist. Her small frame pressed against my body felt warm and comforting. "Physical contact during troubling or depressing times can cause a surge of dopamine and serotonin in some people" the words from my high school health teacher popped into my head. Which explains why I become all too aware of how soft her breasts felt pressed against my stomach.

"Well, I didn't show up to be sappy. I came on a mission." Taking the bag, Kat turnt around to riffle through it. Her jeans hugged the curve of her ass perfectly forming a Y shape leading down from her ass cheeks to her thighs. The thought of her bent over that table as I slide my cock between those cheeks, invaded my mind and made my dick twitch with excitement.

"A mission?" I questioned, but figured I knew what she wanted to do and it wasn't what my dick had in mind.

"I have whiskey, pizza, and you owe me a night of hardcore gaming. I remember when you helped me with Brett, least I can do is return the favor."

"Thank you Kat really, but." She cut me off by throwing a frozen pizza at me.

"Nope, the only butt I am after is yours on that couch!" Her stubborn and light hearted nature is one reason Kat and I always got along.

"Fine fine. I'll go get the pizza going, stubborn ass." I mocked, reaching for the bag.

"Nope, I'll get the pizza. You need to shower. You smell like the comic book store on magic the gathering night." We both laughed but I knew she was right, it may have been a day or two since I last saw the inside of my shower. 

"But, first!" She rushed into the kitchen, grabbing two rocks glasses and pouring a hefty amount of whiskey "Toast! To those we kill today may they live forever in digital hell!" Her enthusiasm bringings out yet another chuckle in me, as we clink our glasses down them.

Immediately, she is filling mine again.

----------------

The thought of Kat bent over a table, her pert ass on display was vivid in my thought.Slowly lowering her tight jeans, revealing a pair of white laced panties, barely cladding her wet pussy. Sliding my dick along her slick lips, her soft moan urging me on. Pushing her panties to the side, the warmth of her wrapping around every inch of my dick. I thrust inside her wet pussy, deeper and deeper. She moans louder as I hit the depths of her sex. Her lips grip the girth of my cock as I pull out slowly and watch every inch emerge glistening with her juices. I should have made this a cold shower. All I am going to be doing is thinking about fucking this woman all night now. 

Stepping out of the shower, I take a minute to look in the mirror and compose myself. Combing out my hair and downing the last of my glass. Wrapping a towel around my waist, I step out to see Kats jeans and top strung over the couch. Now, cladded in a pair of silk short shorts and a very loose fitting tank top, she was bent forward getting the systems started up. Giving me a clear view down her top. Her pink tipped perky breast jiggled with every movement she made. My dick swelled as I gocked at her slacked jawed.

"Feeling better?" Her voice broke through my thoughts. Her eyes were not locked on my face, but my dick now poking slightly out of my towel. Quickly, I grabbed my erection hiding it from her. She giggled with amusement.

"No worries, not the first dick I have seen. I will say, one of the biggest." She said with a wink. Causing my mind to stammer, then explode with a million questions all at ones. The only comment I could come up with was.

"Uh. Yea, sorry about that." I sounded like a fucking moron.

"Don't worry, it's nice to know I can still get a rise out of guys. I see you're dry, how about a refill." Kat said bouncing off the couch and grabbing my glass.

"Hey, do you have any ice?"

"Yea, bottom freezer. Should be a few full trays." Bending over to grab the ice let her shorts flow loosely around her ass. The shadow of her pussy was just visible between her thighs. A slight shine came from between the lips. If I wanted to, I could walk up behind her right now, slide my cock in so easily and feel the warmth of her around my dick. Leaning against the counter, I try and corral my thoughts and get my dick under control. Ice clinked in the glass as she hoped from side to side, making her butt jiggle a little.

"Well you're a little more full of energy than normal, what's going on?" I said curiously.

"I am excited!" She bursted out.

"Excited for what?" Taking a sip from the drink she handed me. She jumped up and sat on the counter next me before saying.

"You! It's been weeks since I have a had a gaming section with my best friend. How can I not be excited?" Chuckling to myself.

"You know what, same here." Lifting my glass we cheersed and downed the whiskey. Comfortable silence fell over us. She she reached over and rubbed the back of my neck. I put my hand on her thigh, rubbing her soft silky skin. My eyes trailed up to see the outline of her pussy stretching her shorts. Damn this woman is giving me the worst case of blue balls tonight. Realizing I am still in a towel, I quickly turn away saying. "I am going to go get dressed."

" Wait!" She says hoping off the counter and grabbing my arm to turn me around. I felt the breeze before I could catch the towel, as it fell to pool around my feet. My erection slapped into her waist, resting between us. Shocked and slightly embarrassed, I look down to see a string of pre-cum contecting my dick to her tank top. She is looking as well. Releasing my arm she pulled me, by the back of my neck, down to kiss her.

Pushing into me, as she steps on her tiptoes. Hard and rough we kiss, grinding my dick against her shirt. Pleasure mixed with pain surges through me. Driving me on as I rock my hips back and forth. Moving my dick up and down until it is pushed under her shirt. Her stomach felt soft and cool, touching the warmth of my dick. Reaching down, she grabs my shaft and tilts it down, sliding it into the waistband of her shorts. Her wetness sliding over the top of my dick.

Gripping her ass I lift her up, and she wraps both arms around my neck. I feel my dick slide further into her shorts, gliding along her entire pussy. As she wraps her legs around my waist the waistband pulls my cock free from her shorts, sliding deep along her pussy and popping loose. Without hesitation she pushes off my waist. Grabbing my cock, pushing her shorts aside with it, she slides it in with a single thrust. Tossing her head back she moans with pleasure. I feel the warmth of her pussy tightly wrapping my cock. As she hangs from my neck, I grabbed her ass and bounced her with my hips. Every thrust seems to push deeper inside her. Her moans and breath quicken as I fuck her harder. She kisses me deeply as I feel her orgasm build. Urging me on, I hold her still and thrust my hips as fast and quick as I can. In and out, her soft pussy feels like heaven to me. Our moans grow louder as our pace quickens.

Setting her on the counter, I pull off her shirt and start kissing down her neck. Her soft salty skin, delicious on my tongue. Taking her nipple into my mouth nibbling it tenderly. Slowing my pace to long strong thrusts, she moans deeply, as she runs finger nails up my bare back. Releasing her nipple, I smile at her devilishly. Pulling my cock out, she looks to me for what is coming next. Taking a step back, and pulling her off the counter, she turns around and bends over. I begin slowly slide along her lips, dipping in just enough to tease her. Her breath slows, as the anticipation builds. Penetrating her with the tip, a soft moan comes from her. Running my hand up her back, I grab her hair firmly. Pulling, I forcing her down my cock.

"Fuck!" She moaned. As I hit her depths, I slowly began to pull out, before pushing and slamming her down my shaft again. I began to feel my orgasm build with every teasing thrust. Over and over I slowly pulled out of her and slammed back in with more force than before. Reaching low, I felt her hand fiercely playing with her clit. Shallow breaths mixed with scattered "Oh, fuck!" escaped her. She tightened as she came. Her pussy clenching around my dick. Knowing I was close as well, I speed up in the middle of her orgasm. Grasping tightly at her hips, I fucked her without resistance. Putting all the emotion and heartache I had into fucking her.

"FUCK FUCK FUCK!" She yelled as I felt her orgasm pool around my cock. I grunted and growled, feeling my orgasm arrive. 

"I want to feel it, cum in me!" She moaned. Releasing deep inside her felt like bliss. Grunt after grunt escaped me, matching each load of cum I shot deep inside of her.

Weak kneed and exhausted, we both fell to the floor. The feeling of cooling cum covered my dick and thighs. Kat crawled up and laid her head on my chest, her heart is beating just as fast as mine. Looking up at me, we both just laughed. The feeling of being sex drunk filled me with warmth and joy. I laid there, feeling happy and completely forgetting everything that happened during my week of sullen misery.