 Sasha walked inside the office, dressed in only a few pieces of lace. Bright red was the color they had dressed her in, a push up bra and thong panties. A sheer red blouse covering her, down to her upper thighs...hiding her secret for now...from those who watched.

That's what he wanted her to wear for him during her interview for the position.

She had felt the dampness in her panties begin as soon as she'd slipped them on and waited to be taken to the bedroom. He wouldn't ever guess by looking at her because she wore the appropriate expression of anticipation and curiosity for the interview because she wanted the position. She wasn't supposed to like what would happen but when she had first seen Dirk, the photo of him in the lobby that they had shown her before while she'd toured the place during her interview...she had thought him a fine looking man. A few inches taller than her and broad in the shoulders, muscular throughout with powerful legs that she had seen power him through runs on the beach.

He owned the Fortune 500 Company that manufactured software but she knew he also belonged to the club, an organization both selective and secretive when it came to picking its members. He played tennis, hiked mountains, loved Italian restaurants all over the world and had picked her out of a catalog.

Not that she'd known that when she'd temped for him, during the Christmas holidays. She hadn't even seen him much then spending most of her time in a cubicle working on sorting files and typing up memos.

She'd been studying to get a degree in history as a freshman and had needed to work during her three weeks in between quarters to get a jump start on her rent. The job had been perfect, exactly how it had been advertised at the temp agency where she had registered.

Then she'd gotten the request to try out for the position, which began with a written exam that she passed with flying colors. It hadn't been hard enough to make her intellectual reserves break into a sweat and she had placed at the top of the list. Then had been the presentation she'd had to give in a room where she didn't know how many people watched from the other side of what appeared to be a mirror.

She'd scored well on that test too...then she moved onto the finals...and this one bewildered her at first. It was to be her private interview with him...only she wasn't to wear business attire. Instead when she'd seen her outfit, her heart started beating so rapidly she nearly fainted. Well maybe it was just a test for loyalty and he didn't really want what men usually wanted in women who wore lingerie so skimpy it did make her blush. But she really wanted the position because if she could temp the rest of her vacation in it, it would be great to add to her resume when she started applying to business programs when she graduated.

But now...she slipped the lingerie on over her body...which she quite liked because she'd grown curvier in college after she gained a few pounds. The bra accentuated her breasts and she felt hot when she slipped on the panties. But damn, if it didn't make her start to get wet in anticipation.

She waited until her name was called.

Dirk looked at her and she really wished she hadn't let him talk her into letting him slip the sheer wrap over her shoulders and down her arms, but damn if the man's manner wasn't as silky smooth as his voice.

"You look much prettier now...," he purred, "Damn sexy in that getup."

"Thanks...I guess," she said, "but about the interview..."

He stroked her hair off of her shoulders and behind her, looking into her eyes.

"This is the interview..."

"What?"

She just stood there looking at him as he started stroking the skin on her face which tingled beneath his touch. The man could certainly use his fingers the way she liked. But if she let him keep touching her, her knees would start to tremble, to even buckle and she'd fall down right in front of him unless he caught her of course.

"I'm interviewing you right now," he said, "I'm looking for a personal assistant...one who's hard working, can take orders without asking questions and...who can travel even around the world on a moment's notice."

Sasha just looked at him. He was standing there in his suit and she...god, she barely had any clothes on at all. And his fingers kept caressing her face, tracing the edge of her jaw line, tantalizingly soft barely touching her...then he started stroking her neck, trailing his fingers along her pulse points. She just looked at him.

"So ask me some questions..."

His eyes studied her carefully, and she knew that the way he looked at her, even the lace wouldn't hide her from him. The nipples hardened beneath her bra and her panties...if he touched her there, she bit her lip. No he couldn't do that.

"You like pleasure?"

The motions of his fingers, repetitive, yet she felt the heat inside of her body as her skin absorbed his touch...her legs wobbled but she stilled them.

"Who doesn't...but what does that have to do with anything?"

He tickled that sensitive area between her neck and her shoulders. This was going...not the way she thought an interview should go.

"It has to do with everything...now how well do you take direction?"

"What..."

"Take off the blouse...now..."

"But..."

"Take it off or I will..."

She heard the veiled threat in his voice which made her reach for her blouse and remove it from her leaving her in her bodice and panties.

"Much better...you really are beautiful."

He settled his mouth on her own before she could answer...what would she have said to that? His lips brushed hers so softly almost like a whisper, almost as if she opened her eyes he might not really be standing there. He shifted and then his mouth sealed off her own and his lips parted her own and he kissed her anew. More fervent and yet...restrained. She moaned beneath his mouth and when she squirmed he put his hands on her.

"Keep still for me..."

"Why...?"

He broke his kiss, my lips still tingling and just looked at me in mild reproach.

"Just do...I'm in control here."

She chuckled nervously.

"It's just an interview...I could walk right out of here right now and...report you..."

He chuckled loudly, his chest rumbling with it and she bit her lip because it was at her wasn't it?

"Mr. Castillano..."

"Call me Dirk...especially when you're dressed like that..."

She looked down at her outfit and almost blushed. He had a point but she'd gotten dressed like...she didn't want to say the word...but she really wanted a better intern position to put on her resume by the time she left here.

"Dirk...you can't do this...you have to interview me...we're both professionals here."

He looked at her amused again which almost made her angry but damn, his chocolate eyes with those flecks of green that shone when he laughed even at her and those lips...the ones that had just kissed her so she'd almost gone weak. Shaggy dark hair that looked a little less tamed than unusual...the hint of stubble on his jaw that had tickled her when he kissed.

"Yes...indeed we are both professionals...and I need one to work directly with me...hence the interview...now may we continue...?"

She nodded and he approached her again, this time running his hands over her bare arms, until he reached her hands which he grabbed to put on his hips. Damn he had been so smooth doing that, seamless in his approach. Then he kissed her mouth again, his tongue testing her boundaries..Coaxingly, she knew he'd be nice at first but then...a spasm of anticipation rocked her as he subtly nudged her closer to him...where...she swallowed noisily as she felt him for the first time. Even sheathed by clothes...damn he was something. Her pussy ached as his hardness brushed her lacy panties...but she had to keep looking at him.

"With what...you keep kissing me..."

"Yes I do...you've got a lovely mouth...your lips...I can imagine them all kinds of places, what about you?"

She felt wariness suddenly.

"What about me?"

He touched her mouth coaxing it open with one of his fingers, caressing the seam so she'd part her lips for him.

"What can you do with this mouth," he said, "I know you can kiss with it but what else?"

She gasped.

"I...I...I don't know how to answer that or what it has to do with anything."

"Then you don't know me...and if you're going to work in this position you have to know me better..."

She thought about that even as he slipped one of his fingers in between her lips and she found herself sucking on it.

"Oh yes...that's good Sasha," he said, "Just imagine what it'll be like when it's my cock in your mouth and you're sucking it."

Her eyes widened and she moved backwards putting some distance between them.

"What...this is ridiculous...I'm here for a job."

He appraised her outfit coolly with his eyes and she burned beneath his gaze.

"Dressed like that...I don't think so Sasha although you look stunning in red...it really is your color although I imagine you look good in just about any shade."

She sighed under his flattery which excited her but yet no, it could be dangerous too.

"Red's for being very naughty don't you know that?"

She found herself breathing more quickly under his gaze.

"No...no I didn't...but..."

He traced the lacy outline of her bodice with his fingers and damn her breasts for hardening in anticipation of his hands on them. Her nipples pushing against the lace, wanting more than just to be touched...she wanted him to slide one of them in his warm wicked mouth and suck slowly at first drawing it in and then harder, much harder...she clenched her hands into fists at the idea. Damn it was so wrong to think like that. She shouldn't even be here in his office with him, not like this in some skimpy lingerie with his hands...his palms now on her breasts.

That nearly made her stop breathing. But when he started rubbing where he knew the nipples would be, she bit her lip.

"Dirk...I don't think..."

His fingers didn't listen.

"Then don't...when I want you to think, I'll tell you."

She rankled at that and then she did pull away from him but he'd grabbed her wrists so lightning fast. He pulled her closer to him, so close that she definitely felt him against her panties now, her barely there thong panties. Damn...he felt so hot there for her and she...but she struggled against his grip.

"You're a very smart woman Sasha...the best of my interns this month," he said, "but you're not thinking clearly right now. You walked in here with the outfit I left for you because you want the position..."

She nodded.

"Well I'm here interviewing you and so far...you're being very naughty is that right?"

She shook her head.

"Dirk...I'm not being naughty at all," she said, "I'm just asking some simple questions."

He thrust his hardness and its ridge slid along the seam of her panties and she cried out.

"I'm answering them...now let's continue..."

He moved his hands to behind her bodice and started unhooking it slowly...

"Dirk...what are you doing?"

She just heard that chuckle again.

"What does it feel like I'm doing," he said, "I want to see what you've been hiding from me."

She felt him loosen the bodice off of her and her skin flushed, with heat as her breasts were released from their confinement. She knew by the way he looked at her when he removed the bodice that he liked what he saw, cream colored and round, plump yet firm and her nipples a pale pink unless they were aroused which...was easy enough.

But when he lowered his mouth in between them and started with his tongue teasing her between them, she gripped his hips where he had thoughtfully placed her hands. She sighed as he send shudders through her body as he palmed her breasts firmly while he moved his mouth to one of her nipples...she didn't care which one she just wanted his mouth on her right now.

Damn her, for wanting it but she couldn't help herself.

"See Sasha...you know what you're doing here..."

She gasped as he slid his mouth over a rosy nipple, teasing it a bit with his teeth which made her wince because she thought he might bite here there but he released it and the next time, she felt his lips seal around it and suck it...hard...enough to make her buckle.

"Oh god...you can't do that..."

"I am doing it and I'm not going to stop there...because you're damn hot...your nipples are hard and I bet those panties of yours are getting wet."

She felt her cheeks inflame...damn how would he know that?

"Oh god...you taste good..."

He sucked on her nipple causing her to throw her head back...because it felt too good and she wasn't here to feel good, she was here to get the position. He released her nipple so he could trace his tongue around the areole...he didn't play fair because her legs had gone limp and she was about to sink onto the floor.

Then his lips wrapped around the other nipple and she felt the charge through her and her pussy grew so wet, so slick she felt it trickling on her inner thighs. God, what if he knew that but at least for now his focus was on tonguing her nipples before sucking on each one of them. She swore that she felt herself nearing climax just from that...no that couldn't be at all possible...but her pussy began to throb.

"You're so fucking wet I bet..."

"Dirk...why are you doing this," she gasped, "I just want something better to put on my resume."

"You will have something better...much better," he said, "You keep it this hot, you'll be exactly what I need."

He nudged her backward towards his desk still focused on her breasts...she didn't want to move because she thought it'd brand her a slut around the office.

"No one gives a damn Sasha...they know better than to care...and I pay them to look the other way."

She blinked her eyes as she felt the back of her thighs rubbing the edge of his desk...was he about to...oh god...she felt his hands slide down her waist to her hips.

"Turn around for me Sasha..."

She just looked at him.

"Why?"

"You know why... god I bet you have a gorgeous ass."

She felt him palm its globes and squeeze them so that she murmured.

"Turn around for me Sasha."

A more firm voice this time and so she did that for him, exposing her backside accentuated by a barely there thong for him. He smoothed his hands over her ass and she sighed, feeling the front of her hips strike the desk. Then his hands moved so he could hook some fingers under the band of her thong and tug her panties down her legs until they dropped at her feet.

"I...oh god..."

He had slid his hand between her thighs and his fingers caressed her slickened pussy. She closed her eyes knowing that now he knew everything.

"Damn it, you want this don't you," he said, "Well I got it for you..."

She heard him unzip his pants behind her.

"Back up a bit...I want you to put your hands on the desk..."

"But all your papers..."

"Do what I tell you Sasha..."

She sighed as she did that, trying to avoid his files when she placed her hands on his desk, and she felt him spread them wider with his one of his thighs as he brushed up against her from behind. Still dressed in his suit while she'd been stripped naked...exposed to him. Her head down, her back straight and her ass closest to him.

"Good girl...you take direction very well...very important."

She didn't say anything...she felt something hard...something hot sliding teasingly along the seam of her ass. She flinched.

"Be still for me...you will enjoy this I promise...at least most of it."

She felt his hands grip her hips and then without much fanfare he thrust something hard and thick inside her pussy, drenched with how much she wanted it. It slid right in until she felt the tickle of his balls slap her.

"God...you feel very good Sasha...nice and snug...I'm going to enjoy you very much I can tell."

"Oh god...you feel...."

She couldn't put it into words bent over and taken from him from behind, his cock deep inside of her as her pussy grabbed hold of him. She closed her eyes in anticipation of his thrusts but he just stood still for a moment.

"You like to be fucked this way," he said, "like a dog?"

She sighed.

"I...I don't know how to best answer that."

He then bucked his hips and withdrew his cock, she felt it slide out of her, rubbing her walls and she moaned.

"Don't worry I'm not going anywhere."

He thrust back in harder, deeper and she felt her body move in response. The feel of him inside of her, slick and hot made her want to push her ass back into his cock but then he'd know how badly she wanted it.

Not for him to know...she needed the position. But then he pulled as her pussy squeezed him and damn, she felt her legs shake from it. His thickness stretched her but not to pain but to the promise of intense pleasure if she could stand his teasing strokes. 

"You like it don't you," he said, "God, you feel so damn good around my cock."

She shuddered as he slammed into her again. There was nothing gentle about Dirk and how he fucked her. The desk began to rock as she felt her body pushed forward and down on it. Perspiration beading on the back of her neck and his hands gripping her hips as he branded her with his cock...searing hot she had to bite her lip to keep from crying out.

"Tell me that you like it..."

"I...god...I can't believe it..."

And she couldn't, because even walking into his office wearing the lingerie, she thought he'd been teasing her but there was no joking in terms of how he fucked her now.

"Better believe it," he said, "If you work for me, you'll know more pleasure than you've ever felt in your life but I'll push you hard too."

He showed her that by rutting against her as his cock sunk to the hilt inside her while his balls smacked her ass like a gentle spanking.

"Dirk...."

"You'll dress for me...underneath your business attire, you will most definitely dress for me...it'll be our little secret."

She gasped as he kept his rhythm relentless yet she couldn't deny that it felt damn good to have a man fuck her hard like this without mercy.

"You have a boyfriend?"

Did she, she couldn't remember now. Oh yes, Tim, she'd been going out with him for a couple months but they hadn't hit the sheets yet.

"I..."

"Of course you do...a hot woman like you probably has more than one..."

"Well I..."

Damn he knocked the words right out of her head with each thrust inside of her...she felt herself getting so damn close to just losing it in front of him as the tension building up inside of her threatened to explode into pleasure she thought might stop her heart.

"That's fine...but you will belong to me when I need you."

His cock slid in and out of her and she believed it. After all, she felt his body push against hers, so big and strong and damn possessive the way he took her over and over. God, so hot...her pussy a flush from the cock that owned it. She felt herself begin to lose it, the pleasure threatening to overtake her.

"So damn close Sasha...you're going to need to come for me..."

She sighed and she bit her lip fighting it and fighting him as her pussy squeezed his cock to keep from exploding around it. Because if she did that then he'd know...

The desk rocked harder and his groans joined hers as he slammed into her until...oh god no....her lips parted and she cried out unable to hold it inside.

"I need to hear it..."

She screamed, not wanting to be heard outside the room but she couldn't stop it. Pleasure ripped through her in ways she never imagined possible and a moment later, he shuddered and sprayed her with his warm seed. She froze when she remembered...

"Dirk...I'm not..."

He stroked her damp neck in a way that would have soothed if it didn't arouse.

"Don't worry...I'll take care of everything...from now on..."
