 "Goodbye, Fifi; I'll be sure to call you once I make my next million."

Fifi gently shook her head of raven-black hair, more so in pity than disappointment. What a sad little man. The no-longer-a-millionaire Mr. Butterworth did his best to fulfill her needs and wants, but sadly he just wasn't up to the task -- financially, if little else. She could feel the old codger's fading eyes boring into her shapely form as she hurried from the bridal suite, her melon-heavy breasts swaying temptingly within the seemingly fragile confides of her skin-tight, shoulder-strap black dress. It was here, mere moments before that he brought to her attention the startling news of his dwindling bank account; the gentleman-thing to do, apparently. Silly old fool; he should have told her after he fucked her.

As she sashayed down the plush hallway of the Royal Victorian Hotel (one of the better humping dens on 3rd and 1st) she noticed a gentleman waiting for the elevator. Tall, slim and tanned, this fellow in his fifties had a thick head of slicked back hair, a devilish pencil moustache and, to a woman with Fifi's sixth sense of sifting through the newspaper stand entrepreneurs and the oil barons, knew a fine catch when she saw one. Standing next to him, her diamond earrings glimmering in the hotel hallway light, her stacked pearl necklace shimmering above her ample, perfume cleavage, Fifi reckoned it wouldn't be long before her next prize caught her eye. How right she was.

"Good evening, Miss," the fellow said, turning to face her. "Pleasant evening, is it not?"

"It certainly is," Fifi answered him fluttering her eyelids and pressing her arms between her beauteous breasts to amplify their importance. 

"Off on the town tonight?" he enquired.

"Yes and no," she said. "My date just ran out of steam and now I've found myself at a loose end - do you know of any discerning gentleman who'd care to accompany me?"

He ogled her as a predator would a helpless meal. "I think I know of someone," he replied, grinning. "My name's Pinkerton," he offered.

"Fifi," she said, holding out her gloved hand. Her diamond bracelets tinkled and her mink fur hung in mid-air as Pinkerton took it and gently kissed her knuckle.

"What an absolute pleasure to meet you, Fifi," he said.

Fifi smiled. "Charmed, I'm sure," she said.

The elevator door pinged open.

"Going down?" he asked her, and Fifi giggled, like she has never been asked that before.

"Why thank you, sir," she said, stepping smoothly inside, being sure to offer the gentleman a feast of her tight ass. Pinkerton followed her inside, his hand inside his jacket pocket. 

"Cigarette?" he offered her, withdrawing the initialled, gold-pressed case into view. As he did so, his leather-bound wallet fell onto the carpeted floor. Fifi's eyes spied it immediately; it was thick with money. Her sixth sense had never failed her.

"Oops," Pinkerton said, though clearly not making a move to retrieve it. Fifi recognized his game, and she was more than eager to play along.

"Allow me, sir" she purred, tugging at her dress before sinking to her knees onto the elevator floor, the dress sliding down momentarily revealed black stocking tops. She grasped his wallet, admiring its weight, its possibilities, and as she looked up towards him she was pleased (though not surprised) to see Pinkerton's cock stretched out before her. It was long and thick and already oozing pre-cum -- ready to be plucked. 

"While you're down there ..." he suggested brazenly, having already brought the elevator to a stop between floors.

"You don't miss a trick, do you?" Fifi said, licking her lips, thick with dark, red lipstick.

"Absolutely not," he retorted, smiling. "I just thought we'd get to know each other better before I spoil you rotten."

"Now that's all the motivation I need," Fifi said, taking hold of his member in her gloved hand and stroking him gently, her thumb and finger now slick with his gooey excitement. She squeezed his rigid flesh before drawing him close to her mouth, her pink tongue teasing his purple dome as it lapped softly upon him. As Pinkerton hissed above her, Fifi drew his cock between her lips, his throbbing prick resting upon her pillow-like tongue. She sucked hard, swallowing more of his salty shaft deeper into her mouth, spitting him out to lick the saliva-sticky length.

"Nice," Pinkerton groaned, alternating his view between the elevator's ceiling and Fifi's head bobbing back and forth upon his prick. Her magnificent breasts swaying hypnotically beneath her as she greedily gobbled on his shaft Pinkerton put his hands on his hips and gently thrust forward, his cock fucking the perfect O that was Fifi's mouth. She gagged and choked sluttishly as the tip of his cock gurgled in the back of her throat, Ye Gods, but this woman could suck cock!

"You have a deliciously big prick, Mr. Pinkerton!" Fifi commented, for all men like to hear that, don't they? On cue the gentleman groaned, his ego now stimulated as well as his rigid member. Rustling through his pants she exposed his balls and licked them, his shaft stretching across the breath of her face like an arrow through a love heart. How romantic, she mused, mockingly.

Taking his member in her hand Fifi pulled frantically upon it, kneeling upwards so that she could smear his pre-cum spitting knob off her jutting, round breasts, now threatening to burst from her taut black dress. With this voluptuous visual, not to mention the knee-bending sensation of his sensitive cock pressed off her velvety, perfume sweaty cleavage, Fifi knew Pinkerton was ready to pop. She could feel his momentum building, and as the coup-de-grace neared, Fifi was determined to seal the deal.

"Oh Fifi, oh Fifi!" he moaned predictably, his body tensing, his cock expanding within her hot, wet mouth. Here we go, she thought.

"Come baby, come," she cooed, "come in my mouth!" Fifi withdrew his twitching prick from between her glistening lips and allowed him to rest upon her outstretched tongue. Here she pulled upon his tacky shaft, not blinking an eye as he shot a torrent of wealthy man-cum into her mouth, she swallowing as she saw fit. His orgasm seeped from her open mouth, she squeezing his spurting cock as his seed, aided by her saliva dripped onto her heaving cleavage, not to mention her Bloomingdale's finest dress. Well, that's the first thing he was going to replace, now wasn't it?

Sucking him into her mouth for one final time Fifi swallowed the remnants of his salty offering and gently withdrew him from her grasp. Tucking him back into his pants, she reached for a handkerchief in her purse and dabbed the two corners of her mouth before returning to her feet. The gentleman slouched contentedly against the elevator wall.

"A tasty appetizer, Mr. Pinkerton," she said, smiling sweetly, "but I trust dinner will be on you this time?"