 I had been married about three years and was in my senior year of college. My husband and I lived in married student housing on campus. He had a schedule full of senior level business classes and worked a part time job, so about ninety nine per cent of the time he was either working or studying or sleeping. I still missed my family and friends back home, which was about three hours away, so once in awhile, especially if there was a long weekend, I would go home to my parents for a visit, and such was the case the weekend I am going to tell you about in this tale. 

As it happened, when I arrived at my parents' house, my brother had also come in for the weekend from his college. We are both redheads with the stereotypical temper to match, so while we love each other dearly, we have had our moments with knock-down-drag-out fights. This particular weekend was no exception and we hadn't been together for more than a couple of hours when some sort of argument and shouting match ensued. After that, he had a girl show up, my parents went to a church function, and I was in the way. So I called my friend Dena from high school who was also in town, home from her college. We decided to go out to eat and maybe cruise around town for a while, which back then was a popular past time among Texas youth in the days before cell phones and video games. 

We went to eat at our favorite mexican food place, but we didn't drink there so as not to be seen by church friends. Afterwards we cruised up and down the "main drag". There was a big parking lot on that street where high school and college age kids met and "hung out". We recognized a group of our old friends there and stopped to talk to them. One of the guys came up to our car flirting with Dena and told us to follow his truck as there was a big party in the country. So we figured why not and followed him. We took a highway out of town then turned off on a gravel road which finally turned to dirt. Then up ahead we could see headlights and a lantern or flashlight or two and a bunch of cars and trucks just parked around a big barn full of hay. 

There was a campfire, classic rock blaring from somebody's truck, and a big cooler loaded down with those yellow cans from the famous Colorado brewery. Someone handed me a beer and I opened it and drank some of it. There were I'm guessing 8 to 10 cars and trucks there and probably 20 to 25 people. I sat on a truck tailgate and watched everyone for a while and talked to a few people. I had only been to a couple of pasture parties with my husband before we married and then we just hung out a bit and left. So I was enjoying the music and party atmosphere. A girl offered me a drink of vodka and I turned it up. It really burned but wow it made me feel good, so I had another one. 

Before long a guy in a cowboy hat walked up and started asking me who I was and where I was from and such. His name was Greg and he was from a small town nearby but I had never met him before. He was a couple of years younger than me but he was a cutie. We talked for a while and I noticed he was fairly drunk. He kept leaning closer and closer to me to talk and before long he kissed me. Dena came by and handed me a red cup of Tickled Pink wine which I was glad to get. We decided that we needed to pee and excused ourselves to the back of the barn. She asked me if Greg was bothering me and I told her no not really, that he was kind of sweet, and that we had kissed. She laughed and said "well don't worry, what happens at the pasture party stays at the pasture party." Somehow I doubted that to be the case, but the more Tickled Pink I drank the less I cared. 

I walked around with Dena for a while. Greg, clearly enamored, came up to me and started talking again. At this point some of the couples had started to fade into the shadows. Everyone else had gathered around the campfire and were chatting. Greg stayed at my side. Dena had been flirting with a cowboy all night named James who was kind of loud and crazy, but so was Dena. They started kissing and whispering and I watched them walk out to his truck. Greg grabbed my hand and said "Let's go over here". 

I went with him and he led me to his truck and opened the passenger door for me to get in. I was pretty tipsy by that time but he steadied me as I climbed up. It was dark and it didn't seem like anyone was paying attention to us. I was glad of this because I was very worried someone who knew me would tell my husband on me. However I had not seen anyone so far that actually knew me well enough to know I was married. 

Greg got in the driver's side and began kissing me again, and put his hat on the dash as if to say "okay I'm getting serious about this now." He tasted like beer which I found kind of sexy and I began kissing him more passionately. He took that as a green light and got a little more aggressive, holding me tighter and dancing his tongue around in my mouth. I felt his hand move up my side and over my right breast which he began to knead. The windows had fogged up now and no one could see us if they even wanted to. I stopped worrying and let him do as he wanted. He went under my t-shirt and groped my bra for a while longer, then tried to go down the front of the bra, then underneath, neither of which worked. Rather than deal with his clumsy fumbling I finally just pulled off my tee and reached around and unhooked the bra, releasing my fullness, much to Greg's delight. He fondled and kissed and licked them to his heart's content. 

As we kissed more I leaned backward against the door and he moved more on top of me. Before too long my legs were open and he was between them, so that the bulge in his jeans was resting right on the crevice in mine. He began to move and thrust as though he were actually inside me, rubbing his hot hard bulge against me. The friction of our jeans rubbing was giving me an incredible sensation and I was getting lost in the lovemaking when an orgasm rocked through my body. I was quivering and shaking and moaning like crazy, and I guess it drove Greg over the edge too because he also came right then, filling his underwear and jeans with semen. 

Just as I put my top back on Dena tapped on the window and said "come on, we gotta go". Both she and I had overprotective parents that expected us back by midnight. We knew if we weren't back there would be a search party sent out looking for us. As I exited Greg's truck and headed for Dena's car, a familiar face caught my eye who I had not seen earlier at the party. It was a guy who had gone to high school with my husband. He just nodded and smiled at me. I guess he never felt it necessary to tell on me, but I lived for years in fear that he would. 

On the way home Dena and I told each other what we had been up to. Dena had let James go all the way with her. She thought it was incredibly funny that Greg and I had "done it with our clothes on" like a couple of high school kids. I never saw Greg again and don't even remember his last name. 

Some have criticized one of my former adventure tales for not telling the "rest of the story", i.e. whether there were consequences of my actions. Not that it's anyone's business really, but I did eventually tell my husband about these events, and I am not the only guilty party among the two of us. We are still married and both in our mid fifties now.