 I spend a little time setting the scene and hope readers feel the payoff is worth it.

Chapter One

"Sweetheart, have a safe trip," Tammy, my wife of 30 years, said as I got out of the car at the airport. We've been married a long time and are not really apart that often. I am going to Las Vegas for three days for a trade show. I won't really be that busy and expect to have a lot of time to myself. I hug her and give her a kiss.

"I'll text you when the plane lands and I'll call you when I get to the hotel," and with that I am off to Vegas. I have one bag and as I walk toward the Skycap station, I am lost in thought. I hate flying. It is not because I am scared it is because it is so uncomfortable. I am close to 6'4" and weigh around 250. I'm not carved, could stand to lose a few pounds; although, I do think I am relatively handsome. I wear my light brown hair cut real short, with a well-trimmed moustache and beard; but, I digress. Not looking forward to being cramped into an airplane seat for the next hour or so. At least the flight is short. As I walk up to the stand, the line is small, and there is a cute lady in front of me. Like me, she has one bag. She is short compared to me, with dark brown hair, and a full figure. She is particularly "well endowed" if you get my drift. I let my mind wander a little. Hey, I am married, not dead, ha ha.

Check in is uneventful and I grab a Starbucks and just loiter around the gate area. When it is time to board I take a window seat toward the back of the plane. I figure I will have to wait for that bag anyway so why rush getting off the plane. A few minutes later an older couple takes the aisles across from one another. I am happy about this as no one in their right mind will want that middle seat. Maybe this will be a more comfortable flight after all. Those thoughts get dashed as I hear the flight attendant announce that the flight is full so please grab an empty seat. I look up and to my surprise, the woman from the check in line is making her way to the back of the plane. As she slides into the middle seat, I am thinking that she is pretty hot. She is wearing a flowing black skirt and a button up white blouse. I can see the darkness of a black bra under that shirt. She looks to be about 40.

"Good Morning, Jay" I say as she takes her seat.

"Good morning, I'm Trish." We make some small talk as the plane taxis from the gate. As we start the takeoff procedures, she grabs my hand and squeezes. "Sorry," she says, "this part scares me and usually I just hold my husband's hand. Force of habit."

"It's ok, my wife does that to me too; I'll step in for your husband" I laugh. Plane takes off and flight is what it is. Not surprising, I am very uncomfortable. "Trish, is it OK if I raise the armrest. It's not much but the small amount of extra space will be nice."

"That sounds great." We continue to chat as the flight progresses and she covers her lower half with a blanket. "I get a little cold." As we talk, she tells me she is in Vegas for three days for a conference. Coincidently, we are both staying at Mandalay Bay. "You want to share a cab?" she asks.

"I'm going to Uber, but, you can ride with me if you want."

"But if we shared the cab, I could at least split the fare with you. I'm no charity case," she laughed. I pause and think for a moment.

"Tell you what," I say, "we're both going to be at Mandalay for 3 days, and I am sure we will see one another at least once. You buy me a drink and we call it even?"

"Deal." We chat some more and before I know it we taxiing to the gate in Vegas. It is a little before 10 and the flight is right on time. Trish and I ride the tram, walk thought the airport and make our way to the baggage claim area. I call Uber to confirm my ride and then send a quick text to my wife. Best thing about today is I have all day to myself. I figure after I get checked in, I will go grab a nice meal and then see what the day brings. At the hotel, as we depart the Uber, I shake her hand, we exchange pleasantries, and she says, "I look forward to that stiff drink"

I drop my stuff off with the bellman and go check in. Mandalay has a smooth check in process and to my pleasant surprise, the specific room I requested when I made the reservation was actually ready this early. I grab my key, head to the elevator and make my way to my room. It is nice to stretch out and I grab my phone and call my wife.

"Flight was fine, you know how it is, nothing in this world is built for guys my size", I laugh. I listen to her as I hear a knock at the door, "Probably the bellman," I say as I make my way over to the door. I open the door and it wasn't the bellman. I see Trish standing in the doorway, wearing a short black skirt, 3 inch black heels, and her button up white shirt showing so much cleavage. She puts her hand on my chest and pushes me back into the room, closes the door, and drops to her knees. She is quickly unbuttoning my jeans and before I know it she has my cock in her hand and she is stroking it. I start to tell my wife I need to go but Trish reaches up inside my shirt and tweaks my right nipple.

"Talk to her," she mouths as she looks up at me. I am a little short of breath as I talk to my wife.

"Yeah," I stammer, "it was the bellman," I lie. I look down and Trish has pulled my jeans and underwear down around my ankles and has wrapped her arms around my thighs essentially trapping me. She looks up, smiles at me, softly kisses the head, and licks the shaft. She blows on it and teases that she is going to put it in her mouth. I am transfixed as I gaze down at her and I gasp a little.

"Is everything OK," I hear my wife ask.

"Yeah, I was just drifting, I have so much to do"

"You have some time, go take care of yourself and have some fun."

"Well, since I'm in Vegas I won't need to take care of myself, ha ha, but OK, I will try and have some fun." I look down and smile as Trish puts her lips around the side of my shaft, like someone eating corn on the cob. She looks up at me, and smacks her face with my cock. I am going crazy.

"Fuck my mouth," she mouths at me. I start to pump in her mouth and watch as my balls bounce off her chin. This might be the best oral I have ever gotten. I start pretty slowly but she digs her nails in my ass, almost as if telling me to pick up the pace. I pump harder as I keep making small talk on the phone.

"What kind of fun should I have?" I ask my wife

"Go take a walk, or get some food. You can do anything you want, just no strip clubs,"

"So you don't want me around any naked women." Of course, as I look down, I am still fucking Trish's face, sliding in and out and I see she is playing with her pussy. She reaches up, unbuttons her blouse and pulls her tits out of her bra. She rubs them on my thigh and I momentarily stop my thrusts. This does not deter her and she proceeds to take me deep into her throat. I can't take this as I am about to cum and my wife is still on the phone. "OK, no strip clubs, no naked boobs," I pant. I am ready to cum and Trish pulls my cock from her mouth and points it at her tits and starts jacking me off. She has my balls in one hand and my cock in the other as she pumps and I start to cum. I am unloading all over her tits and trying to keep as quiet as I can. When I am done cumming, Trish puts my cock back in her mouth and starts sucking some more, like she is trying to get out every last drop. "Honey, I got to go, I'm really hungry and want to get a good meal" I gasp. "I love you too," I say as I hang up the phone.

Trish stands up. Her hair is messy, her tits are covered in cum, and she has a wicked smile on her face. "I told you I wanted a stiff drink". She moves in toward me and kisses me with so much passion. Our tongues are exploring one another, and she whispers in my ear, "You just told your wife you want a good meal and I have something you can eat. You've been telling me for months that you can't wait to eat my pussy so I think now is the time."

"Nice outfit," is all I can muster.

"You like?"

"I'll like it better crumbled on the floor," I unbutton the blouse and drop it to the floor. Trish is now standing before me in her bra, with her tits hanging out, her matching black panties and those heels. I drop to my knees and start kissing her thighs. I reach up and start to rub her pussy and her panties are soaked. "I can't wait to lick your pussy" I remove the rest of my clothes and lead her to the king size bed. "Sit on the edge and lie back." I kneel between her legs and she grabs my hair. I start kissing and nibbling on her thighs and occasionally flick toward her pussy with my tongue. She moans and grinds her hips a little. She has a firm grip on my hair as I stop teasing and start to work on her pussy. She keeps moaning and she is really wet. I decide to slide a finger into her, then a second and am fingering her as I perform oral. She is bucking hard now and I say, "Baby, your turn to fuck my face"

She pulls my face deep into her pussy, it feels as if I am surrounded and this is nirvana. I do not stop licking. She is grinding hard and moaning. "I want to cum."

"I want to wear your cum. Cum all over my face. Go ahead and mark me." She is really grinding her hips hard and starts to moan loudly, I know what is next. She lets out a small scream and pushes my head deep into her pussy again. She is furiously pumping her hips up and down and moaning in ecstasy. She starts to push my shoulders out, but I move in and give it one last effort as she screams and wraps her legs around my head. MY face is covered in her juices as she grabs my head pulls me to her and starts to kiss me with a fury and lust.

"That was so worth the wait."

"You taste so good." I take a deep breath and lie on my side. She snuggles up next to me and I just hold her as we rest. I am stroking her hair and say, "these next three days are going to be great."

"Jay, we're just getting started."

"We're going to have a lot of fun over these next three days. Did you get the room next door?"

"I did. You really thoroughly planned this"

"Do you know how badly I wanted to fool around with you on that plane?" I laugh.

"Did you know I was rubbing my pussy under the blanket while we were on that plane?"

I hear a knock at the door and figure this time it really is the bellman. "You stay there," I say as you cover up and I wrap a towel around my waist. I don't care that her dried juices are still evident on my face as I open the door and the bellman walks in the room with his cart. He seems to have a surprised look on his face when he sees Trish on the bed covered only by the sheet. "You have any cash baby," I say as she sits up, wrapped in the sheet, her shoulders and cleavage exposed as she fumbles in her purse and gives me a ten dollar bill.

"What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas Bud" I say as I hand him the money. He smiles and winks at me as he leaves.

As the Bellman leaves, Trish rises from the bed and I see she is totally nude. "Let's take a shower and go get some food," she says as she walks toward the bathtub. The shower at Mandalay is pretty big and it easily holds two people. The hot water feels good and I enjoy washing Trish and her washing me. I definitely want to do this again when I have "reloaded" so to speak. I throw on some shorts and another blue polo and I see she has put her skit and blouse on but her bra and panties are still on the bed. "I'll be back in a few," she says as she walks out the door. A few minutes later she is walking back in the room wearing a longer black skirt and a lavender blouse that exposes both of her shoulders. I do not see a bra strap.

"You look great," I say as I see her unloading her suitcase in my room.

"Thank you, glad you like."

"This is going to be a great three days. For the most part, for the next three days we are a traditional couple. We can walk around together and not look over our shoulders. And if I want to kiss you, I don't have to look around first." When she finished unpacking, I took her hand and we made our way through to the elevator and to the casino floor.

Mandalay has a great vibe. It used to be a high roller place, but those players have made their way toward the Citi Center area, so the hotel is nice, but things are not over-priced and there is an understated elegance. I am enjoying walking through the casino and holding Trish's hand. We head to the escalators and the connector that links Mandalay to Luxor. At Fat Tuesday's we each get a 32oz Miami Vice, half strawberry daiquiri and half Pina colada. For lunch it was Hubert Keller's Burger Bar.

"Jay, this is fun", Trish said as she slid into the booth next to me. We order our lunch and just chat, as the waitress is walking over to the table, I placed my hand on Trish's thigh and gently caressed it.

"I am so glad I am here with you," I whisper in Trish's ear as I kiss it. She turns and kisses me with passion. Neither of us seems to notice that the waitress is placing our appetizers in front of us.

"Get a room," she laughs with a wink.

"We have two," Trish says, "and I am going to take him back to mine and fuck his brains out." She laughed and kissed me again. I swear, at this point, I have little interest in food and I am erect now.

"I don't think he wants to wait," the waitress smirks, as she looks toward my crotch and I am a little red.

"I think you're right," Trish said as she put her hand over my crotch. The waitress walks away and Trish looks into my eyes. "I want you to fuck me now, but you are going to have to wait."

"Don't worry, I am going to take good care of you."

"You going to shove that big cock of yours deep into my tight little pussy?" she whispered as she squeezed my cock and flicked her tongue in my ear. "I'm all wet and ready for you. I'm not wearing any panties too." I am going pretty wild right now.

"You know how much I like it when you talk dirty," I gasp. As the waitress comes to deliver our food you again whisper in my ear.

"My pussy is really wet right now. I really want that cock of yours inside me. Don't you want to feel my pussy surrounding that cock of yours?" I can't muster much of a reply as she laid her hand across my lap. "That feels nice." Throughout lunch she continued to tease me. Kissing my neck, whispering in my ears, and telling me the things she wants me to do.

As the waitress comes to the table to leave our check I reach to my back pocket to grab my wallet. Trish stopped me and went to her purse.

"I got this," she said to me with a wink, and as she handed her credit card to the waitress, she looked over at me and said, "you better be ready to fuck the shit out of me to repay me for this nice lunch I bought you." The waitress laughed and as we departed the restaurant, I put my arm around Trish's waist and she placed her hand squarely on my ass as we walked the corridor.

Obviously, I wanted to get back to the room, but, she had other ideas. We window shopped a little bit, and each time we stopped, Trish continued her onslaught of teasing me. She would tell me how much she wanted me to fuck her and would kiss my neck and ears. I was walking around in these shorts with an obvious erection and following her like a puppy dog. She had me wrapped around her fingers.

Once we left the connector and started walking through the casino, I tried to steer us toward the elevators and our rooms. Again, she had other ideas. "I want to play a little, before we play a little," she laughed. We went to a blackjack table and she bought $100 in chips. "Be my good luck stud." She said to me as she directed me to stand next to her. "Keep that cock close by," she whispered into my ear as she started to play. She was the only player at the table, and the dealer was an attractive Asian woman who looked to be in her early forties. "Can't have him walking around like that," Trish said to the dealer as she pointed toward my crotch.

"I guess not," the dealer laughed as she started pushing cards from the shoe. "We see it all here." The game play was uneventful, but every now and then Trish would caress my thighs and sometimes scratch them a little.

"Jay, get this woman some money." As I reach around to my back pocket to pull out my wallet, the bulge in my shorts is a little more pronounced and obvious. The dealer laughs and I can feel myself turning many shades of red. "It you want to start using that thing, we need to get upstairs and we can't go anywhere until you pay the lady. Hurry up." I started fumbling with my wallet when Trish bumped my hand and knocked the wallet out of my hands and onto the floor. As I bent to pick up what I dropped, I hear the dealer and Trish chatting.

"You really have him right where you want him," the dealer laughed.

"That I do, but he loves it. He'll do anything I ask, watch." Trish looked my way and caressed my thigh a little. Again, I am feeling more growth. "Bitch, tip this woman $20 and rub my shoulders while I play the next few hands." I pull out the money and lay it on the table and I start instinctively rubbing Trish's shoulders. "That's nice, don't stop." I keep rubbing and Trish moans a little "very good." Trish starts collecting her chips and looks at the dealer. "You think I should take him upstairs now and let him fuck me?"

"You might want to pretty soon or he is going to make a bigger mess out of those shorts." Trish took my hand and we made our way to the elevator. As soon as the door closed, I pushed her against the wall and started kissing her. I was running my hands across her ass and she was digging her nails into my neck. She grabbed a handful of my hair, pulled my head from hers, bit my neck, hard, and started sucking. My eyes were rolling back in my head as she continued sucking between her teeth. She was pinching my nipples at the same time and I was going crazy. She stopped and looked into my eyes.

"Earlier, you told me to mark you. I'm going to do that now. I'm going to give you a hickey and everyone will know that I own you." Just then the elevator chimed and we were at our floor. We went straight for my room as soon as the door closed, we were in another embrace. Our tongues were exploring one another as we started undressing each other as we kissed. In a matter of moments, we were still kissing but standing in the room nude.

"I love how you taste," I said as I broke the kiss, took her hand, and led her toward the large shower. The steaming, hot water felt great as it cascaded off of our bodies. We stood in the shower with me behind Trish and I lathered up a loofah and started exploring her body. I started at her shoulders and scrubbed hard while massaging at the same time. As I said, I have very strong hands and I really see this as a wet massage. As I started lathering her body, I leaned forward and kissed her neck, whispering in her ear, "I am going to make you feel so good".

She just moaned as the soap was covering more of her body. She turned to face me, threw her arms around my neck and started kissing me again. As we kissed, I continued to lather up her body, freely exploring all of the crevices of this beautiful woman. I ran my hands between her legs and across her ass cheeks. She reached down and started stroking my cock, running her soapy hands up the length of my shaft while I wiggled my fingers over her clit. I leaned down and kissed her again, "I'm going to fuck you now." I whispered into her ear. I turned her around so she was facing the showerhead, and slowly began to slide my cock into her tight pussy. She squirmed a little and let out a small moan as I started to slowly begin a rhythmic thrusting motion. I begin rubbing my hands over her waist and ass "bend over," I grunt.

Slowly, she leans forward and reaches toward her feet. The hot water pounds her lower back as I continue my steady thrust into her moist pussy. She is tight and it feels great as I keep pushing my cock into her pussy. As I am pumping, I start lathering her lower back and then reach under and begin fondling her tits. They are hanging down and I am running soap over them while pinching her nipples and never breaking the thrusting motion. She starts wiggling her ass as I thrust and this feels very good to me. It must feel good to her as well as she is moaning a little now.
