 This **could** be a true story...

Seth had broken things off with his new massage therapist months before because he felt as if she wasn't being entirely truthful to him. He worried about his relationship with his girlfriend even though it wasn't going well. But his old massage therapist, Travis, was different. She had been there as a close friend for years. She had gotten Seth through some difficult times both physically and mentally. He was thrilled when he found out she had returned - even after he had broken things off with the new massage therapist. 

Seth had gotten one massage from her already - at a greatly reduced cost - and they had resumed their friendship in much the same way as it had always been.

But late in the afternoon at work two weeks later, Seth got a call from Travis. She was crying from a terrible migraine. Seth was no idiot. The only reason Travis called him was when she wanted him to come over. It had only happened once before. Seth had no problem offering to give her a massage. He was an amateur, but Travis guided and trained him. It was a great trade off. Seth learned massage techniques from a professional and Travis got a great massage. The bonus - for both of them was touching and getting touched. It was always professional, but it provided both of them the intimacy that was missing in their lives.

Seth made it over quickly. If she needed him, it must really be bad. No doubt she had her choice of other massage therapists or other guys. Seth knew - she had told him about them in great detail. Seth was a little nervous. He always felt like he was going to screw up - after all, he was under the careful watch of a professional. He didn't want to accidently hurt or bruise her.

He turned his head as she disrobed and got under the sheet face down. Then he used the infused coconut oil to begin his work. After a couple of minutes, he began to remember the techniques and with some gentle reminders from Travis, he found and administered pressure to her trigger points in the shoulder blades and back. Seth was actually in heaven. He loved touching Travis. She was beautiful and their relationship was safe and non-threatening. He could even tell Laura about Travis because it was just massage - and Laura benefited from the lessons as well.

Thirty minutes passed. Travis claimed that Seth's work was having the desired effect. The conversation was certainly having an effect on Seth. He was flushed and felt good. It had been a long time since he had spent that much time touching a woman.

Finally, Travis flipped over. Seth gave her some privacy by lifting the sheet so he couldn't see the naughty bits. It was important to him to stay professional under any circumstances. 

The massage and conversation continued. Travis began catching Seth up on her sexual adventures - including a gathering of some of her friends in the porno industry. That conversation had other effects on Seth, but he focused on the work and even realized that he felt very detached from the semi-naked woman in front of him.

After a great deal of work on Travis's neck, Travis directed Seth to work on her shoulders and pectoral muscles. Naturally, the conversation turned to her tits. She explained to Seth that the pectoral muscles in a woman were not that different than a man's and that women get short-changed in a massage because no one would massage their pecs properly. Seth chuckled. He understood but knew that there was a reason no one would invade a woman's space.

Without warning, Travis pulled down her sheet to reveal her perky B cups with pierced nipples. Seth took a deep breath. He had seen them before, but this was a special treat. Travis directed him to work the pecs but to avoid the nipples to maintain a professional distance. Seth continued his work, moving in deeper and deeper - between her breasts and around them; sometimes touching the delicious fatty tissue. Each stroke seemed to send more blood to his gradually growing penis.

Suddenly, Travis grabbed his hands and placed them squarely on her tits. "Give 'em a good feel. Letting you feel me up is the least I can do for helping me."

"Believe me, the massage was its own reward, but I certainly won't turn down the offer." Seth continued to squeeze and massage Travis's tits. His detachment was wavering, but he remained gentle by applying the same sort of pressure to her chest as he had to her back, shoulders, and neck. Travis responded as her nipples hardened. Seth wanted to lick her nipples, but leaned down and gave her a kiss on the forehead instead. Travis had raised the bar in their relationship, but Seth never wanted to do anything that crossed the line or disrespected Travis's wishes.

Another thirty minutes had elapsed. The massage and conversation had escalated, but it was still mostly professional. Seth made some comment that he was in no hurry and had plenty of time. 

"Well, in that case, I'll let you do my glutes and hamstrings." Travis flipped back over and completely shucked the sheet. Her magnificent heart shaped ass beckoned. Seth applied some new oil and began to work the hamstrings which were quite tense.

"You can work your way in deep there too", said Travis. "It won't bother me if you brush up against other parts."

Seth was in a dreamlike state. This couldn't be real. It was one thing for Travis to let him touch her tits, but to let him touch her pussy was beyond anything he ever expected from her. It had always been a fantasy - never to be fulfilled.

The massage continued. As before, he tried to maintain a professional detachment. That was easy enough massaging her hamstrings and even her glutes, but when he pushed in deeper to work the muscles of her inner thighs, Travis breathed deeply and spread her legs. Her pussy lips and crack of her ass were soaked as juices from her pussy had been leaking for an unknown period of time. The sight confirmed what Seth had already suspected; the attention had made Travis insanely horny.

The sight was now having the same effect on Seth. His semi-hard dick was now straining against his pants. Travis's scent made its way to his nose. It was strong, but not unpleasant. It was intoxicating. Now he wanted to bury his nose there, but Travis was in control - always.

Seth continued his work. The stress from Travis fell away. Seth could feel it. Tight muscles in her ass and legs eventually softened. The sheets between Travis's legs grew steadily darker with stains of milky fluid that leaked freely from her glistening pussy. Finally, it seemed the massage was at an end and Seth's state of mind made him bold.

"I wouldn't be much of an addict, if I didn't offer you a happy ending."

Travis never said a word. She just guided Seth's hand and spread her legs wider. Seth's dick felt hard as steel as it bumped against the table. Seth caressed her puffy lips and placed his finger along her gaping slit. He rubbed her first with one finger and then two; teasing the opening - making her want more.

Travis grabbed his hand and guided it down to the wettest parts. Then using her own juices as lubricant, Seth began to massage the growing button. Soon Travis needed more. "Put them inside." 

Seth immediately plunged two fingers inside. The feeling was like nothing Seth had ever experienced. He could only describe her pussy as "meaty". Surly she could accommodate a massive penis, but at the same time, Seth could feel the muscles of her vagina contract and grasp his fingers. 'Holy shit.' The sensation sent waves of pleasure to his brain and down to his groin. He imagined what that must feel like around his dick.

Travis flipped over. "You can reach me better like this."

Seth was speechless. Travis was spread in front of him like a buffet. Her perky nipples were rock hard, belly flat, and pussy spread wide to accommodate him. Travis began working her clit again and added his other hand to plunge a thumb up into her. He could feel the walls of her vagina again working against him; holding him in place. He replaced his thumb with two fingers and reached for her g-spot. He could feel his fingers touching through the walls of her pussy and clit. Suddenly, she grunted and a spasm overtook her body. A few moments later, she reached down to pull his hand away from her clit; smiling and giggling.

"There's a condom on my bedside table."

To this moment, Seth had remained fully clothed. Despite Travis's loss of control, he truly never expected Travis to return the favor. He didn't want to ruin their friendship or their special - very special - relationship. "Are you sure? Really sure? You know I won't turn you down."

"I'm so horny. I need you inside me. I'm sure."

Seth didn't have to be told twice. He moved quickly to the bedroom and found the condom conveniently out in plain sight.

He returned, almost unsure of what to do. He hadn't used a condom in years - there really wasn't a need. But he knew he'd be more comfortable with it - at least about his health. Seth knew many intimate details about Travis's sexual history.

"Take off your pants", instructed Travis making Seth feel almost silly and inexperienced. He handed the unopened condom to Travis while he swiftly removed everything but his socks. He would have removed those, but he had an ace bandage on and didn't want to rewrap it. He imagined what he looked like to her - a naked old man with his black socks on. What an idiot.

But he was beyond caring. Travis had the now unwrapped condom in hand. She moved Seth up near the head of the massage table and leaned over to engulf his semi-rigid dick in her mouth. She took him in deep. That was the sensation he really wanted. That was what he missed more than sex itself. But he didn't want to ruin the massage. Even now, he was more concerned for Travis's welfare than his own.

Within seconds he was hard again and Travis expertly slipped the condom on. Seth crawled up on the table and positioned himself between her legs. In seconds he plunged in. He had forgotten how little sensation there was with a condom but the mere act of fucking his long-time fantasy kept him focused. And within moments, he could feel the Kegel muscles contract providing some of the most intense pleasure of his life. His balls were soaked with her juices and Seth leaned over to take a nipple into his mouth. 

Seth was overwhelmed with passion for his long-time friend. "I do love you. And I'm not just saying that." 

Travis laughed and nodded. She knew he was telling the truth. Both knew this was just a moment in time - a fling, but rather than ruining the friendship, it cemented it. 

Seth began thrusting harder while holding his weight off of Travis. She was the tallest girl he had ever fucked and it created an entirely new sensation. Soon he began to feel the telltale tightness in his balls when suddenly Travis screamed out and another wave of spasms overcame her. Seth wasn't sure if he had ever been with a woman that had cum from missionary sex. Travis was indeed special. The contraction and spasm sent Seth over the edge and he felt like he had exploded. He hadn't had sex in over two months and it seemed like a gallon of cum was pumped into the condom. Seth kissed Travis's nipples, neck, and lips; thanking her for one of the most wonderful experiences of his life.

After a few moments, Travis pulled the spent condom from Seth's rapidly deflating dick and jumped up as if it were the end to a standard massage. "I'm going to take a shower now."

"How about if I join you?" Seth felt like it would be a good idea before going home smelling of sex and massage oil. Travis grinned like the idea hadn't occurred to her.

The shower was nice, but nothing new happened. It was mostly Seth watching Travis take her shower while he occasionally caressed her naked skin.

The two shared a kiss and Travis thanked him for a wonderful massage. And then he was gone. They were back to normal and he promised to schedule his monthly massage soon.

It was possible that Travis was the perfect woman.