 The House Always Wins 

*AUTHOR'S NOTE: First and foremost, thank you all for the positive comments and (mostly) constructive feedback throughout Parts 1 and 2. This is Part 3 of a series best read from the beginning (duh). Those of you that are familiar with Jake and Amy will want to get to the action, but first, the boring stuff: As always, I am (unfortunately) in no way representing the MGM Grand, its parent company, affiliates or partners. As a warning, this chapter will make a lot of you hate me. The fact of the matter is, happy endings without conflict piss me off, and I honestly thought about pulling a Joss Whedon here. HOWEVER, that doesn't mean the story is necessarily over for Jake and Amy. I ask only that you see it to the end before making your judgments. As always, if this isn't your cup of tea, no hard feelings. Just put the cup down and leave. 

Enjoy!* 

*Synopsis* 

Jake and Amy, roommates and friends, had planned a budget trip to Las Vegas for some much needed fun, only to have Jake win $37 million dollars in a lucky spin of the wheel. Jake's lust for Amy had built to a head at this point, months of living together attracting him to her more and more with each passing day, and when he won the money, it was such a high, he felt like he could do anything. Swept up in the rush of Vegas, Jake had made Amy a deal. She could buy as many clothes as she wanted in the fabulously high-end shopping district, as long as she modeled them for Jake in the privacy of their room later. While it started as a fairly innocent fashion show, ranging from casual jeans to formal dresses, Jake was beside himself. Emboldened by the Vegas Fever and his own desire, he reminded Amy that she had purchased multiple sets of lingerie as well. Though interrupted by their dinner reservation, the idea planted itself in Amy's mind and grew. By the time they had returned to the room, Amy was as aroused as Jake, and the lingerie modeling had turned into a fuckfest that had continued for most of their stay. Amy was surprised and confused to discover that being restrained turned her on immensely, and that, dear readers, is where our story continues... 

Amy moaned into the sheets, biting her lip as she came again. Damn these sheets, she thought to herself, they're so soft it's like a second pair of hands. Her train of thought was interrupted by a particularly deep thrust from Jake that made her cry out. Not that Jake needs a second pair of hands, she thought wryly, eyes rolling back into her head. Jake never seemed to run out of new positions, or new ways to make Amy orgasm. They were in the middle of a passionate weekend that neither of them expected, though whether it was Saturday or Sunday now was anyone's guess. Time had crawled to a standstill, each moment crystal clear as orgasmic fire ran through Amy's already very satisfied body. She never wanted this to end, but they couldn't stay in Vegas forever, could they? 

------------------------------------------------------ 

Jake had Amy's arms held tight in his own, pulling them outstretched behind her as he thrust into her from behind. By holding her at the elbows, he could lift her entire upper body off the bed, making her helplessly immobile. Although Amy had initially told Jake she enjoyed being tied up, Jake had taken great pleasure in the last few hours to finding out exactly what made Amy squirm. To his delight, Amy seemed to embrace everything, from being restrained, to having her hair pulled, to being fucked as hard and fast as Jake could manage. She moaned when she was spanked, cooed when he bit her nipples, and shuddered visibly when he took hold of her hips. Never would Jake have imagined that his demure tomboy of a roommate would be such an animal in the sack. Jake gave Amy back the use of her arms, but only so he could keep pushing her threshold of pleasure even higher. Jake slid one hand lightly up her spine, barely grazing the sensitive skin, before taking her hair and winding it tightly in his hand, pulling it back sharply so Amy's neck was exposed. 

Jake's free hand, meanwhile, teased Amy's clit for a brief moment, her hips bucking faster at his touch. Once he had enough lubrication on his finger, Jake reached up and slowly circled Amy's ass, ever so lightly pushing at the puckered entrance. Amy moaned loudly, her hips bucking away from his touch at first, then slowly accepting it as he applied pressure. Jake had found that, though reluctant, Amy definitely enjoyed her ass being played with, and he knew it would be something to explore in much greater detail. Slowly pistoning his finger in and out, accompanying the much faster pace he was setting with his dick, Jake continued to expand Amy's mind, as well as her definition of pleasure. She bucked and moaned, reaching back with her hand only to have Jake swat it away deliberately. Amy groaned at the double penetration, and tried to dissuade Jake. 

"Jake, please, not there! Just keep fucking me like you were!" 

Jake, silently remembering Amy's agreement to using her safe word, proceeded regardless of her complaint. He knew now from experience that Amy could and would use her safe word if she felt uncomfortable...it just took her a few minutes to remember that she needed to sometimes. 

Hand still tight in her hair, the other fingering her ass even as he took her pussy for his own, Jake felt himself close to his tipping point and tried to maintain a steady rhythm, bucking his hips hard against Amy, burying himself as deep as he could inside as he came for what must have been the tenth time that weekend. Amy let out a scream as the rushing jets of cum triggered her own orgasm, sending fire rushing through her body and electricity through her mind. 

It was mutually decided that a break was in order, lest they both die of exhaustion or dehydration. Amy retired to her favorite place in the palatial suite, the master bathroom. She began a long, relaxing Chromotherapy shower, the water cascading over her, mellow lights playing against the walls, utterly soothing and relaxing her. Meanwhile, Jake realized it was nearly 9 am on Sunday morning. They had been at it for the entire night, been in Las Vegas for over 48 hours, and Jake still hadn't told anyone else about his winnings. He figured it was about time his closest friends started sharing the wealth, or at least the news. He pulled out his Galaxy, smiling as he remembered that he had a $27,000 dollar phone currently being made for him. He dialed his best friend, Mike, and told him what had transpired. It took a few minutes to convince Mike that he was serious, finally resorting to a video call and showing him around the mansion that the MGM laughably called a hotel room. Hotel room? It was bigger than the house the four of them shared. It didn't take a great deal of convincing after that for Mike to listen in as Jake regaled him with stories from the last few days, ranging from the food at Joel Roubuchon to the private Rolls-Royce. Finally, they approached the subject of Amy. Mike, being Jake's friend, proceeded to first mercilessly rib Jake for "taking so long" to make a move on his crush, despite Jake's now old protestations of "She's my roommate." From there, however, the conversation took a nasty turn. 

"Dude, you ever think that maybe she's being this way just because you won all that money?" 

Jake turned red, and then his blood boiled in anger. 

"Fuck you, Mike. She's not some Goddamn gold digger." 

"Chill, man. I didn't say she was for certain, but honestly, think about it. She shows no interest in you the entire time you're at the house. You guys hang out, sure, but not even a wiggle as far as romance or sex. Fair statement?" 

Begrudgingly, Jake agreed. 

"So is it impossible, I'm not saying it's true, but is it impossible that she wanted to lock down a millionaire right after he became one?" 

Jake's mind raced and heart sank as he answered with the only honest response. 

"No. It's not impossible, but man, you know her too. You honestly think Amy is that kind of a woman?" 

"No man, she's pretty cool. But the timing is awfully coincidental, and $37 million can make people do some pretty weird shit. You know I'm not trying to be an ass, Jake. We've been friends since high school; we tell each other the truth. Just keep your head up, ya know?" 

The conversation wound down after that, Jake too wrapped inside his own head to really offer much more information, and Mike knew Jake well enough not to press the issue. Jake stared out the window, the early morning sun breaking across the mountains. There was no way. Mike couldn't be right. Could he? Jake's mind couldn't shut off. Even with this new information burrowing into his brain, everything might have been fine that day, had a similar conversation not been taking place upstairs... 

----- 

After her shower, Amy toweled off, luxuriating once again in the softness of the towels. It was like being wrapped in a fluffy, soft cloud. She had just begun to dry her hair when her phone rang. It was Amy's best friend, Victoria. Amy answered, only to be greeted by Victoria's traditional "Hey you" greeting. Like Jake, Amy hadn't even thought of her phone or talking to anyone, their whirlwind adventure completely occupying their time. 

"Hey girl. How's Sin City?" 

Amy laughed, wondering where exactly she should begin. So she started with Jake's good fortune. Immediately, Victoria started asking if he was single, making Amy laugh. Victoria had a twisted sense of humor, but she was a sweetheart deep down. Very deep down. Okay, she could be a bitch, but she was a loyal friend regardless. Furthermore, her innocent joking gave Amy the perfect opportunity to segue into what she and Jake had been up to. Victoria, having met Jake a number of times, was skeptical, to say the least. 

"Jake? Are we talking about the same Jake? How much have you been drinking, woman?" 

"Tori, I'm dead serious. He's like an animal. It is, hands down, without question, the best sex of my life. God, when he ties me up or holds me down, it's just so-" 

"WHAT? Amy, what did you just say?!?" 

Amy blushed a deep shade of crimson. She hadn't meant to go into detail, at least not that much, but she was bursting with the need to talk it through with someone. 

"It started the first night we hooked up. He used the tie from his suit to tie me to the bed, and god, Tori, I loved it. Oh my god, it was so much more intense than anything I've ever experienced. Then he kept going. God, the way he ordered me around, the way he just, just...owned me...Jesus, just thinking about it gets me going." 

"Owned you? OWNED you? What are you, his pet? You've been hooking up with Jake for two days and you've gone from one of the most, independent, feminist women I know to talking about being the property of another man." 

"It's not like that! Really, Jake is respectful. He stops when I use my safe word every time-" 

"Jesus, Amy! That's some 50 Shades shit right there, sweetie. Is that healthy?" 

"What do you mean?" 

"Well, have you fucked any other way, or has all he's done is pound the hell out of you? Do you know if he even can fuck any other way? If this is the kind of stuff he's into, what else is going on?" 

"We're not getting married, Victoria, it's a weekend in Vegas!" 

"Yeah, but if that's the kind of sick stuff he's into, do you really feel safe with him? Jesus, he could be a serial killer. Or he could have a temper and beat the shit out of you. Or-" 

"Tori, STOP. Overreact much? Just because someone likes rough sex doesn't make them a serial killer. Shit, if it did, I'd be one. So would you, if I recall some of our previous little girl talks." 

"This isn't just rough sex, Amy. Like I said, this is some Christian Grey, 50 Shades, BDSM shit here. Can this guy even get off if he's not power tripping on you?" 

That struck a nerve. Amy thought back through the last two days. She had gone down on Jake once on Saturday, but that was early on in the night, when the two of them were still feeling each other out. Everything else that had happened between them had been controlled entirely by Jake. Amy was growing to understand that she liked to be dominated, but did that have to be her entire sex life? Victoria had been right when she said that Amy was a strong, independent woman. Was being with Jake just harmless fun, or the road to becoming something she had so often railed against? She had been in his company two days and already found herself gravitating toward him, quick for his approval, and even quicker in how her lust for him had grown. What would she be reduced to after a month? A year? Was she anything more than a thing for him to use? 

Thankfully, Amy was saved from answering by Jake's knock at the door. 

"I have to go, Tori. We'll talk later." 

"Yeah, if he hasn't chopped you into piec-" 

Amy hung up, and opened the door, wrapped only in her towel. Jake, despite having spent the last several hours with Amy naked, was nevertheless spellbound by the creature before him. He blinked twice, jaw actually slightly agape. Surely this angel wasn't using him for his money. Every extravagant thing they had done had been his idea. I mean, Amy had wanted to shop, but it was Jake that had offered the deal that led them to this. He simply couldn't fathom the idea that Amy was that person. 

Amy broke the awkward silence. 

"What's up?" 

"Oh, I just wanted to see if you wanted to do room service, or go out somewhere for breakfast. I think it's safe to say we've both built up a bit of an appetite." 

Amy blushed, despite herself. 

"I am pretty hungry. When did we eat last, anyway?" 

"Well, I remember eating just a couple hours ago." 

Amy was confused for a moment, then blushed crimson, flushed from chest to cheek. 

"JAKE!! I didn't mean that!" 

Jake flashed her the smirk that she had grown to know so well, the one that made him appear boyish and devious at the same time. 

"In that case, it was the late night appetizers at Craftsteak. About...12 hours." 

As if to punctuate the statement, Amy's stomach let out a very audible growl. 

"Damn. I don't think I've gone without eating that long since, well, since ever." 

"We better get to it then. What say we pretend like I'm not rich and just do the buffet?" 

Amy grinned. "Unlimited food? You sure do know the way to a girl's heart, Jake." 

Jake smiled. Mark another point in the "I'm not being used and this isn't all a huge mistake" column. He offered Amy his arm and they strode out the door. Their butler James inquired if he could be of service. Jake waved him off, letting him know they were just headed downstairs to the buffet. James seemed surprised that his charges had elected for something so simple. 

As they made their way into the elevator, Amy impulsively took Jake's hand and looked at him. 

"Jake, will you do me a big favor?" 

"What's that?" 

"Can I pay for breakfast? I feel...I don't know, I feel like we came down here for a cheap budget trip, and here I can't even count how much you've spent already just on me." 

"That was the deal, wasn't it? I buy you clothes, you try them on?" 

Victoria's words rang through her ears once again. What are you, his pet? Outwardly, Amy just smiled. 

"Well, yeah, but I feel like I need to contribute something!" 

Jake put his arm around Amy's waist as they stepped into the elevator. 

"I'd say you contributed quite a bit already, wouldn't you?" 

"Jesus, Jake, besides the sex. This isn't 'Pretty Woman'." 

I knew she wasn't like that, Jake thought to himself. 

Yeah, because forty bucks in buffet food is the same as spending 10 grand on clothes, another part of his mind shot back. Outwardly, Jake smiled and agreed. 

"Yeah, I mean, if it would really make you feel better, I don't see why not." 

Amy leaned her head against Jake's shoulder and smiled contentedly. 

Victoria doesn't know what she's talking about. 

-- 

Buffet was a sumptuous, if unremarkable affair. Their high-roller status did allow them to skip the lines, but barring that, they received no special treatment for the first time since coming to Vegas. Surprisingly, it was rather nice. They were able to eat a meal, while recounting the amazing and sometimes ludicrous things they had seen over the weekend. 

Amy giggled, a high pitch, girlish sound that would have been annoying coming from just about any other woman. Coming from Amy, it sounded like the sweetest music Jake had ever heard. 

"...And then the guy wearing the bear costume told the girl in the miniskirt that it was 'Grabass Saturday', and participation was mandatory. She was about to do it, too, before her boyfriend got back!" 

Jake grimaced. "I don't picture that ending well." 

"It didn't! The pissed off boyfriend took a swing at the guy in the bear costume, missed, got head-butted, then the bouncers broke it up." 

"All this happened while I was in the bathroom?" 

"You missed all the good stuff. You got to pay attention more, Jake!" 

"Well, there's a lot to see in Vegas. Can't do it all in one weekend. Speaking of...what do you say we extend our stay?" 

Amy looked at him, those chocolate-honey eyes utterly melting him. 

"Did you forget I have a job? Did you forget that you do too?" 

"No I don't. I called and quit while you were in the shower." 

"Jake!" 

"What? Are you kidding me? Did you think I was going to keep working retail with $37 million in the bank?" 

Amy bit her lip, bright eyes downcast. "I guess I hadn't really thought much about anything after the trip yet." 

Jake winced. Nice going, idiot. "That's why we should stay! Not forever, of course. That's ridiculous. But one more day. This weekend has been...perfect. Truly, truly perfect. I don't..." Jake looked down, feeling himself turn red as he jumped off a cliff. "I don't want to lose you." 

Amy's head shot up, seeking out Jake's eyes. Had she heard that right? Still not able to look him in the eye, Amy ran her hand up his jaw, tracing his cheek with her thumb while gently stroking behind his ear. It was a spot, she had discovered, that wasn't so much sexual to Jake as it was comforting. Jake instinctually leaned into her touch, rubbing against her hand, acting like a dog getting a good scratch behind the ears. 

"Jake. Jake, listen to me. You're absolutely right, this weekend has been amazing. Beyond that. It's been one of the best weekends I can remember." 

"But?" 

"But this is Las Vegas! This isn't my real life! I can't spend forever just getting drunk and laid and seeing the sights!" 

Jake was slipping. This wasn't supposed to happen like this. He shouldn't even have asked about staying. Why did he have to ruin something that was going so well? Unbidden, he responded, the words leaving his mouth before he could stop himself. 

"Why not? Amy, I mean it, why not? Give me one reason why we can't! We can do anything we want to now. I mean it. Anything! Let's go to Bali next, or the Caribbean, or anywhere else you can think of! Why not?" 

There it was. Amy had been thinking about how they had met, their time as roommates, as friends, and Amy knew she wasn't interested in that Jake. She had fallen for Vegas Jake - The confident, dominant, bold man she'd spent her weekend with. The question was: Would she still feel so strongly for him after the magic of Vegas wore off? He'd asked the question. There was no hedging, no sidestepping. So Amy gave Jake what he asked for - the truth. 

"Jake, honestly - and I'm so, so sorry if this hurts - I wasn't really attracted to you before we came here, and I don't know if I will be once we leave. This entire trip, you've been saying 'we'...but I've been saying 'I'." 
