 Stays in Vegas? 

*Author's note: This is a continuation of 'What Happens in Vegas." It is best read from the beginning of Part 1(Duh.) As always, I am (unfortunately) not affiliated with the MGM Property, its partners, or really anything else in Las Vegas. It just makes for good smut ;) Finally, this part of the series has Jake and Amy getting involved in a little bit more rough stuff (D/S, spanking, handcuffs, blindfolds, etc.). As always, if that's not your cup of tea, don't drink it. Enjoy!* 

***** 

Amy woke a little groggy, not to mention just a little bit sore. Pleasantly so, but sore nonetheless. Her wrists ached a little from where she had pulled against her restraints last night... 

Holy shit, last night, Amy thought. She rubbed her wrists absent-mindedly as she thought about the events leading up to the morning. Her roommate Jake had gone to Las Vegas with her on a budget trip, only to win a jackpot and become a millionaire. What had followed was a wild day full of extravagant shopping, fine dining, and world-class entertainment. 

Yeah, Amy thought, and then your "platonic roommate" made you cum so intensely that you passed out. 

Amy shuddered just thinking about it. Jake had seemed like a wild animal. Normally shy and nerdy, he had utterly dominated her last night. Amy had never experienced anything like that, and the first thought in her mind was that she wanted more. Boldly, she turned over to wake up Jake, only to find the bed already empty. 

Oh man, did Jake freak out? Amy honestly had no idea what to expect this morning, and was a little tentative about having to talk about last night in the light of day. Then the smell of something wonderful hit her nostrils, and led her toward the kitchen, where she found Jake busy cooking breakfast. Amy's jaw dropped as she looked on at the meal of eggs, bacon, hash browns and waffles laid out before her. She'd never seen Jake cook like this at home. 

"You can cook?" 

Jake jumped, visibly startled as he turned around. 

"Oh, you're up! No, I can't really cook like this, but it's amazing what you can do with a personal butler. I asked James to go and get all the ingredients for me, then asked him to put a chef on the phone and talk me through making it all." 

"How long have you been up? Its only 7 am!" 

"I don't think I went to sleep, then." 

"Jake! What the hell?!?" 

"I couldn't, Amy. I was just so...so up. Everything that's happened here has been like a fantasy come to life. I didn't want to go to sleep because when I woke up, I was afraid it would all be gone." 

Amy smiled to herself and shook her head. So the unconfident nerd was still in there, after all. She reached out and pinched him on the arm. 

"Shit! Amy, what was that for?" 

Amy laughed, piled her plate high with waffles and hash browns, and made her way over to the kitchen table. "Well, you didn't suddenly wake up, did you? You must not be dreaming!" 

Jake smiled at her sheer goofiness and piled his own plate high. They ate in silence for a while, just enjoying how delicious the fresh food tasted after a long night of drinking and...well, other activities. 

Unfortunately, it was those other activities that made the silence stretch on far longer than was comfortable. Amy took a breath to talk when Jake suddenly began to speak rapidly. 

"Amy, I'm so sorry. I have no idea what came over me, you just looked so amazing, and the rest of the night was so perfect I mean oh my God Amy I tied you up without asking and you freaked out it wasn't me it was the Fever and-" 

"Jake...Jake...JAKE!! Take a breath. Really. Calm down." 

Seeing Jake close his mouth and blush deeply made what she had to say next a little easier, but not much. 

"Jake, first of all, don't apologize. That was..." Oh God, she thought to herself, I'm blushing already. The rest of her sentence came out in a blur. "Jake, it was spectacular. I've never felt anything that came even close to what you did to me last night. I'd never been tied up before, but for some reason the way you took control just plain did it for me. Wait, fever? Are you sick?" 

It was Jake's turn to blush even deeper. "No, not a real fever. The Fever. Whenever I come to Las Vegas, it's like there's a little voice in my head egging me on, making me do things I normally never would. Like buying that watch yesterday. That watch cost more than my first car. Or when I brought up trying on the underwear as part of the deal. I would never be bold enough or crazy enough to do any of that normally. Vegas just sort of brings it out in me, I guess." 

Amy scrutinized Jake during the speech, a lot of pieces falling into place as she listened. It made a lot of sense, really. Jake had been acting differently since they got to Vegas, but then what did that mean for the two of them? If Jake was only this powerful, dominant man in Vegas, would she still be interested back home? Having seen him out of his clothes, Amy knew he was handsome enough, and certainly well-endowed, but Jake's personality at home wasn't a turn on for her. 

Then she realized that it didn't matter. Right now, she was in a palatial suite in Las Vegas with a well-hung, doting millionaire. What the hell was she thinking about tomorrow for? 

Amy smiled and reached out to take Jake's hand. "Jake, it's okay. Really. Yesterday was one of the most amazing days of my life, from the shopping, to the food, and the show, and, well, you. I loved every second of it." 

Jake smiled broadly, confidence buoyed. "Well, now that breakfast is done, what do you want to do? Las Vegas is our oyster. We can do anything we want." 

Amy thought about it for a moment, and then the answer was surprisingly clear in her head. "Anything?" 

"Of course." 

"I want you to tie me up again." 

Jake about choked on his bacon, coughing furiously. 

"I'm sorry?" 

"You heard me. I don't know why, but when I couldn't get my wrists free, I've never been more turned on in my entire life. Just the idea that you might not stop, even though I trust you completely to do it if I really meant it, but God, the idea that I had no control, that I was helpless...I thought I was going to burst. It was so powerful and intense and I loved it. I want it again." 

As Amy spoke, Jake felt his dick stir. He shifted to hide it and felt his skin get hot, his mind already reverting to his mood last night. 

"That does sound good, and I guarantee you it will happen today, but first I should probably go gamble at least a little. The House doesn't give you digs like this for free." Seeing Amy's face fall a little, Jake got up and stood behind her, rubbing her shoulders. "I'll make a deal with you though." 

Amy shivered, remembering their last "deal", then relaxed into his strong hands. "What sort of deal?" 

"I'm going to have Sarah set you up in the spa to be pampered like the spoiled little princess you think you are while I go bet the absolute minimum I have to so we can stay here, and then," his grip tightened, and Amy gasped as she felt him nip her ear sharply, "I'm going to come back here and fuck you like the bad girl you want to be." 

Amy blushed and instantly felt her nipples pucker and harden. It was all she could do to stammer "Okay." 

Amy showered as Jake made arrangements with Sarah and James, if showered was the correct word. She felt like she had stepped into some magical, water-based heaven. The bathroom was equipped with a Chromotherapy steam shower, the water came down from directly above her like a warm rain, and relaxing lights played in different patterns on the walls that made her feel utterly relaxed and at ease. The toiletries that had been provided were better than the ones she used at home, let alone the normal cheap stuff found in most hotels. She shuddered as she played Jake's words back in her mind, wondering what exactly he had in store for her as she slowly toweled off. This was going to be another very interesting day... 

---- 

Jake had kept to his word and gambled the bare minimum for the comps they had received, which turned ought to be a good thing because he lost very quickly, half a million dollars flying out of his hands in two short hours. 

He made his way back to the suite feeling a little down, and then grinned when he realized that losing money didn't matter. The real prize was yet to come. James informed him that Amy's spa treatment would be done shortly, so Jake busied himself preparing the spacious bedroom. He had instructed James to procure a number of restraints and toys, which he now took the time to set up. 

Restraints were secured to the headboard, the toys and feathers hidden strategically around the bed. Jake had just finished setting everything up when Amy came in, calling his name. 

"Up here," said Jake, hiding behind the door. 

Amy came through the door, obliviously chattering about her spa day. "Jake, it was amazing! I got a hot stone massage, then they-mmmph!" 

Jake pounced, wrapping a hand around Amy's mouth, the other snaking around her waist and carrying her the few short steps to the bed, kicking and screaming the whole way. Jake tossed her to the bed as gently as he could, bringing her arms up to lock them in the restraints. Just as quickly, he secured a blindfold around Amy's gorgeous brown eyes. 

"Jake, what are you-" 

"Hush." This one word, surprisingly stern, both silenced and aroused Amy in equal measure. 

She could hear him moving around the bed, but he hadn't touched her. The anticipation was making her pant, her need turning the fear she experienced into wanton lust. She jumped a little as she felt something soft trailing up her thigh, but it wasn't Jake's finger. It was light, ephemeral...a feather? Amy jumped again as Jake spoke softly, his voice somewhere near her ear. 

"Amy, if you want me to stop, for real, you need to say the word 'red'. If you want me to slow down, you need to say 'yellow'. If you don't say those words, no matter how much you beg and plead, I will not stop. Do you understand?" 

Amy felt herself get unbearably wet at Jake's words. They were calm, but firm, as if he expected to be obeyed without question. God, he was hot when he got like this. 

"I understand." 

"Repeat it back." 

Amy blushed as she repeated her instructions. "I will say 'yellow' if I want you to slow down, 'red' if I want you to stop, but if I don't say that, you won't stop. 

"Good. Now, try to relax," he whispered, that damnable feather still tracing light, teasing patterns on her thigh, then trailing up to flit over her hips before coming down, just as lightly, on the other side. Amy was already moaning, her hips beginning to roll lightly. 

Jake began to torture her again, the feather running over her hardened nipples, then up behind her ear. Suddenly, she felt a sting of pain that quickly turned into something that felt very, very good. Something had hit her right on her toned rear, and it had felt amazing. She settled down as the feather continued its trail all over her body, then yelped as another sting bloomed on the other side of her rear. To Amy's embarrassment, and Jake's arousal, a long, low moan immediately followed her protestation. 

How long Jake kept this up, Amy didn't know, but it felt like hours. The combination of the light feather's touch and the randomly administered swats had Amy trapped somewhere between insanity and ecstasy, the feelings immensely pleasurable, but not enough to bring her to a climax. She found herself voicing what she had been thinking for what seemed like an eternity. 

"Jake, please. Please." 

"Please what, Amy?" Another spank. Another jolt of pleasure spreading throughout her body. 

"Please, please make me cum. I'm so close, please, Jake!" 

That's when she heard the buzzing sound. 

Unbeknownst to Amy, while she had been pleading, Jake had silently pulled the Magic Wand from its hiding place and brought it very close to Amy's clit. As she moaned and begged, Jake pressed it against her clit, finally turning it on. Amy shrieked as the sensations flooded her body, the pleasure so intense after the long foreplay that it was almost painful. The orgasm hit her unexpectedly, crashing down over her in waves, receding only to hit her again and again. Thankfully, she remained conscious this time, although she knew her legs weren't moving any time soon. She tried to speak but found that her brain couldn't quite form words yet, either. Amy felt like her head was wrapped in a soft, warm, fuzzy blanket. She was so full of afterglow that she didn't notice Jake uncuffing her wrists and removing the blindfold. 

Amy's eyes burned for a moment as they adjusted to the light, and then Jake was cuddling her from behind, one arm wrapped protectively around her waist, the other absently stroking her hips. After a time, Amy found the will to speak again.  

"Jake, that was so good. I don't know how you keep doing this to me, I really don't. I've never been this orgasmic with anyone before. God, it's so strong!" 

Jake grinned to himself before replying. "Never judge a book by its cover, Amy. I'm going to make you feel a lot of things you've never felt before." 

"Seriously, I've never felt anything like that. You're playing my body like a fiddle." 

"Just taking my time and enjoying the wonderful view." 

For some reason, that last sentence, more than anything else, had Amy blushing. Then she felt guilty. That was the second time that Jake had completely rocked her world, and to her knowledge, he hadn't had so much as a single orgasm. Amy felt the overwhelming need to even the score, wordlessly rolling over and kissing him sensually. Her small hand stroked down his jawline as she lightly kissed him, drawing her tongue across his lips, every moment a buildup, a tease, tantalizing him the way he had done to her. Breathless, Jake could only look on as Amy kissed her way down his body, inhaling sharply when she bit down on his nipples before making her way to his hips. Here, Amy began to tease again, kissing her way along the line of his waist, biting down into his hips, making Jake buck and arch. But Amy refused to go any lower, with her lips, anyway. Her hands began their own assault on Jake's thighs, lightly drawing her nails up, up, ever so close...but pulling away at the last minute to start over again at his knees. 

Jake was writhing at this point, his hands uselessly clutching the sheets, tearing at the bed as Amy did everything she could to torture him, and nothing at all to give him what he wanted. He was in agony, each touch of her fingers pure fire, her lips lightning bolts of electricity shooting through him. When Amy surprised him by swooping down and licking one, slow line from the base of his shaft, Jake let out an inarticulate cry, the sensation overwhelming after having been teased so brutally. Her soft, soft hands trailed up his thighs to lightly cup his balls, sharp nails delicately running across the sensitive skin, making him shudder violently and claw once again at the sheets. 

Amy loved watching his reactions, seeing how easily she could make Jake shake and moan so easily. Far from the imposing, powerful man he had been when he was inside her, he might as well have been her puppet here. She decided the poor guy had had enough, and when he least expected it; she took him deep into her mouth. 

Amy, while not promiscuous, was not a stranger to sucking dick. Jake's girth presented a challenge. Normally, what she had just done should have been enough to inhale almost any dick down to the base, and she had only made it halfway. Damn his girthy cock! Pulling up and away to breathe, she noticed Jake still had his head thrown back, moaning as Amy began to bob up and down. She smirked and kept sucking hard every time her head came up, swirling her tongue when her head went back down, lubricating Jake's sizeable rod. Amy wanted to go deeper. She wanted to please Jake as completely and totally as he had pleased her. Amy bobbed down hard again, taking enough of him to need to open her throat, gag reflex long since mastered. But still she couldn't take him all. Frustrated and feeling challenged, she redoubled her efforts, nearly fucking her own throat on Jake's dick, trying to stretch her jaw enough to fit him all. 

Jake was about to have a coronary. Although Amy's competitive nature made her want to please him as much as possible, Jake was looking at that point in the rearview mirror. Amy's technique had him writhing from moment one, her throat muscles massaging the tip of his dick as she took him deeper down than any woman ever had. He felt himself getting close to his limit, and knew he had to warn her, but he was so overwhelmed with pleasure he could barely manage the word "Close".  

Far from stopping, Amy seemed to go into a frenzy, bobbing and sucking even harder, her tongue going crazy, sliding all over Jake's shaft as she triumphantly buried her head down to the root. She heard Jake yell, a primordial sound somewhere between a grunt, moan, and bellow, and felt rather than tasted him cum, his dick so deep down her throat she could barely taste a thing. Amy felt him pulse and throb, his hands lightly running through her hair. 

Amy pulled away, grateful for the fresh air, and looked down at her handiwork. Jake was immobile save for several full-body spasms that wracked him. She smiled, her own challenge surmounted. Doesn't look like Jake minded, either, she said to herself. Satisfied, she curled up next to Jake and cuddled under his arm. Half conscious, Jake felt the warmth of Amy's body and automatically draped a hand behind her back, pulling her close. She smiled and molded herself against his body, contentedly drifting off to sleep. 

---- 

Amy awoke to hands sliding over her bare back, not sexually, just enjoying the expanse of smooth skin without hurry or purpose. Well, she thought to herself, when Jake isn't being a shy, sappy nerd, he's apparently an insatiable orgasm machine. She felt much less awkward now, the Vegas sunlight streaming in through their window. Cuddled against Jake as she was, Amy felt it when his breathing changed a few moments later. She smiled at him, slowly playing his hair through her fingers. 

"Hey, sleepyhead. As much fun as it would be to stay here and give each other spine-cracking orgasms all day, I really do wanna see a little bit of Vegas outside of the hotel room." 

Jake yawned, rubbing sleep from his eyes, then glancing over at the angelic from splayed out next to him, still half-believing he was dreaming. 

"Yeah, that sounds good. What do you want to do?" 

Amy thought about it briefly, then rattled off several ideas. "Well, I want to go to the Fremont Street Experience and see all the old school Vegas bars and casinos. Then I really want to see the Stratosphere and go on some of the rides. I dunno what else, I mean, we've already done so much more than most people ever get to in Vegas." 

Jake traced her hip idly as he smiled back at her. "Yeah, I'd say so." 

Amy blushed a brilliant shade of scarlet before hitting Jake with a pillow. "Not THAT! I'm pretty sure lots of people get laid in Vegas, Jake." She stood and stretched, Jake's eyes still on her appreciatively. "I just meant that we've kind of been spoiled. I mean, you just have to snap your fingers and get whatever you want. 

"Not everything. I have a feeling that if I tried to snap my fingers at you, it wouldn't end well for me." 

"Well," Amy said, smirking as she rose from the luxurious bed, "some things are worth working for." As she sashayed away, she carried the sheet with her, obscuring but not hiding her glorious ass from view. Jake could only stare in awe, transfixed as she walked away. 
