 *Author's Note: This story is purely fantasy. I am (unfortunately) not affiliated with the MGM Entertainment Group in any way shape or form, nor am I paid to shill for all the places I mention in Vegas. I just love the town. That said, for the nitpickers out there, I realize that the Forum Shops don't have Kiton suits or Belusso Watch Boutique. Kiton is at the Crystal Shoppes, and Belusso is at Palazzo (For all you millionaires reading online smut that need to know where this is, of course). I combined it all for the sake of brevity. In addition, I've never been to Zumanity, so I had to lift a few descriptions off Vegas Site to keep it believable/flowing. Finally, this is a slow burn story, with no penetration(yet), so if you're looking for a quick jerk/jill, look elsewhere. This story is pretty much straight M/F, with a dash of D/S (tied up/blindfolded with ties) if that's not your cup of tea, don't drink it. Constructive criticism is always welcome, purely spiteful/negative is not. Hope you all enjoy!* 

***** 

Ah, the Fever. Anytime Jake started planning a trip to Las Vegas, he got it. There was something about that city that brought out the animal in him. It was the one place he could go and really let loose. There he could be anyone he wanted, leave "Boring Jake" behind, and let go of all his inhibitions. 

Smart idea? Perhaps not. But then again, maybe it was the best thing that ever happened to him. 

--- 

Jake had a new roommate move in a month ago, and it was causing him some distress. She wasn't messy, or loud, or rude. They got along great. 

Jake was, however, falling head over heels for her. 

Amy was amazing. She was a giant nerd, just like Jake, and they spent many an hour trash talking over Mario Kart. She told dirty jokes, drank with the guys, and had Jake hooked about a week after they met. It didn't help matters that she was stunningly beautiful. Dirty blonde hair framed a pair of the most amazing brown eyes Jake had ever seen. (I know what you're thinking, amazing brown eyes? BROWN? Hear me out.) They were some strange mix of chocolate and honey, and always seemed as though they were lit from behind. She stood no more than 5' 4", but was almost always spunky and smiling. Her body was another work of art, with long legs attached to one of the most amazing asses that Jake had ever seen. Her breasts weren't huge, not more than a B cup, but were perky and inviting regardless. Jake was losing his mind. His brain was screaming at him that this was a mistake, she was a roommate, "bad idea, bad idea, BAD IDEA!" But try as he might, Jake was losing the struggle. He was falling for her. Hard. 

It was on one of their many fun nights together, watching some B movie on Netflix, when the idea first sparked. Amy had been drinking almost as much as Jake had, when she noticed the game he was playing while watching the movie. 

"What's that?" 

Jake glanced over, always happy for any excuse he had to look at her. 

"Just a time waster app. If you don't fall for the whole microtransaction thing, you can get free comps in Las Vegas." 

Amy's eyes lit up more than they usually did, and her voice rose to the high pitch it reached when she was excited. "You like Vegas??? I loooove Vegas!! We should totally go sometime!" 

Half joking and half drunk, Jake responded "Oh yeah, you bet. Let's do it! Here, you should get the app too. We'll double our comps that way." 

Amy snuggled up next to Jake for the rest of the movie, which was Heaven and Hell rolled into a big ball. On one hand, she was as good at cuddling as she was at everything else, and she was so small she fit perfectly under his arm. His nose was filled with the scent of her shampoo and body wash, nearly making him drool. On the other hand, he had to use every ounce of willpower he had not to jump her every second they were in contact. Jake just looked ahead and tried to focus on the movie. 

The next morning, Jake was sleepily cooking some eggs for breakfast, when Amy bounced into the kitchen like she'd been up for hours. 

"What's up, sleepyhead?" 

"Amy, Jesus, it's like 7 am. Aren't you hungover at all?" 

Amy opened the fridge and bent over to grab some food, so of course, Jake's eyes were glued to that magnificent, sculpted rear of hers. 

"Nah, not really. I'm fine, you giant sissy." She punched him in the arm, and sat down next to him. 

Then she surprised him. 

"So, Jake, what about that Vegas trip?" 

Jake almost choked on his eggs. "You were serious about that, not just having drunk talk?" 

"Sure, Why not? I love Vegas and I haven't been back in forever. It'll be a blast!" 

"Alright, I'll get planning. I can usually get pretty good deals there, so we can do it on the cheap, too." 

Amy flashed her brilliant smile at him, punched him on the shoulder again, and bounced off to work for the day. As soon as she was out of the house, he slammed his head on the counter. "Goddammit." 

The next few weeks went by in a blur. Between planning the trip, work, other friends, and their various cuddlefests and trash talking gaming sessions, the weekend of the trip was on them before they knew it. After landing and getting their bags, they hopped on a shuttle and made their way to the MGM Grand, Jake's favorite casino. It was a decent room for a reasonable price, and it was close to all the fun of the Strip. 

As they waited in line to check in, Jake noticed one of the "Big Wheels" that were at nearly every casino. Casinos in Vegas always had free promo spins, usually winning buffet line passes or club comps, but hey, free was free. Jake pointed it out to Amy. "Hey, go get your free spin while I hold our place. Then I'll go," 

Amy didn't need any convincing and practically ran over to the wheel. Jake answered a text and looked up to see Amy beaming as she returned. 

"What did you win?" 

"2 free drinks at Hakkasan," she smirked. " I bet you get buffet passes or something. Go!" She sent Jake on his way with a playful smack on his butt. Jake jumped and just looked at her, openmouthed. 

"Hey," she said, lowering her sunglasses and winking at him, "What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas." 

Jake was still wondering if it was possible to be flirted to death when he reached the Big Wheel. The operator smiled at him and wished him luck. Jake gave the wheel a spin, and turned briefly to steal a glance at Amy. "God, she's beautiful," he thought to himself, and was still looking when the operator tapped him on the shoulder. 

"Congratulations, sir!" 

Jake looked up at the wheel and saw that it had landed on the small sliver that simply said "Jackpot". 

"Wow, thanks. I never win anything. What's the jackpot?" 

The operator just smiled at him and handed him a piece of paper. 

---- 

Amy looked over, already bored without something to do, and saw Jake coming back, looking incredibly confused and lost. 

"Well, sucker, what did you win?" 

Jake just stared at her. She snapped her fingers in front of him, smirking. "Did you gamble your brain away already? Come on, I get half of whatever you won. What is it?" 

"37 million dollars." 

Amy laughed. " Yeah, yeah, good one. What'd you really win? 

Jake seemed to finally snap out of it. He looked at her and smiled. "Amy, listen. This isn't a joke. This isn't a prank. I just won 37 million dollars. They're sending over a casino host to take us to a penthouse suite. I'm...I'm a millionaire." 

She stared at him, bug eyed. "You- You're serious? Really? Holy shit! Holy shit! HOLY SHIT, JAKE!" Her voice started getting higher again and she wrapped her arms around Jake in a giant hug. "Dude, that's amazing! Congratulations and do I still get half?" She batted her eyes at him comically, and for no reason at all, they burst out laughing right there in the middle of the check in line. 

---- 

The next few hours felt like a fairytale. Their new host, Sarah, had welcomed and congratulated them on their luck, and immediately took them to the coveted MGM Skylofts. Jake stepped in and his jaw dropped. The place was as big as their house. It had its own kitchen, an infinity pool, a hot tub, a fully stocked bar, and a bathroom that looked like it belonged in a palace. Sarah explained that if they needed show tickets, restaurant reservations, or anything else off the property, they could call her. Sarah also introduced Jake and Amy to James, their personal butler for the weekend, and said that he could accommodate all of their food and drink needs, as well as anything else they required. Still dazed, Jake sat down on what was perhaps the most comfortable sofa he had ever sat on. 

"Holy shit, Amy. I don't even know what to do now. I mean, what do you do after you basically win the lottery?" 

She stretched out on the long chaise next to him, looking over languidly. "Well, most people say 'I'm going to Vegas,' but we're already here, so that's out. How about a kickass restaurant? Didn't Sarah say she could get us in basically anywhere?" 

"Trust you to think of food," Jake shrugged. "But fancy restaurants usually require fancy clothes, and-" 

He didn't even finish his sentence before those unspeakably entrancing eyes of hers lit up again. "Oooooooo, that means we have to go shopping first!" She was practically bouncing off the walls. Not one to ruin the mood when she was this happy, Jake went along with her. Then the fun began. As soon as they stepped out of the room, James offered them a car and driver. Agreeing, Jake and Amy were soon whisked off to the Forum Shops at Caesar's. Amy went nuts. She was loving every second of trying on the beautiful gowns, dresses, and myriad other outfits. Jake was quite comfortable just getting one suit, having it tailored for him personally at Kiton. He was assured his suit would be ready by dinnertime, and that was when Jake felt it. The Fever. Like never before it raged through him, making him almost giddy. This was VEGAS, and he had millions of dollars at his disposal. He was invincible. Bulletproof. And he could do anything. Looking over at Amy, happily trying things on she knew she couldn't buy. Heady with the Fever, Jake walked over to her and sat down. 

"Hey, Amy, I've got a deal for you." 

"What's up?" 

"I will buy you any clothes you want today-" 

"Deal." 

Jake looked at her with exasperation. "I have to finish first." 

"I liked it just fine before." 

Jake put his hand over her mouth playfully. "I will buy you anything you want today... as long as you model it for me back at the room after dinner." 

Amy looked at Jake as though for the first time. When the hell had he grown balls? She looked him up and down, a half-smile forming on her face. 

"Deal." With a mischievous grin, she walked off, putting a little extra swing in her hips, knowing that Jake would probably look. She glanced in a mirror, and sure enough, he was transfixed. "Well," she thought, "I can have some fun with this." The very next shop she turned into was Victoria's Secret. Jake trailed behind, brain screaming at him, "bad idea, bad idea, BAD IDEA!" But it didn't matter. The Fever had taken hold, and Jake was on cloud 9. He waited outside for what seemed like forever, and, just for fun, went into a watch boutique. He looked around, and spotted a simple, yet elegant dress watch. Brown leather band, pink gold case, made by someone called Vacheron Constantin. A salesman approached him, wondering if he was interested. 

"Yes, please. May I see it?" Jake asked. 

The salesman opened the glass case, put on gloves, and laid the watch on a padded velvet cloth. 

Jake looked at the piece and thought he heard the Fever itself talking to him, whispering 'why the hell not?' 

He looked at the salesman and said, "It's really a beautiful piece, but I'm almost afraid to ask, how much?" 

The salesman tapped a few keys on his IPad, and uttered in a low voice, "after all applicable taxes, your total would be 19,372 dollars. 

Jake nearly passed out. Then that voice from the Fever kicked in again. 'Why the hell not?' 

"Alright," he said, grinning. "No problem." 

When Jake left the boutique sporting a watch that cost more than his first car, he noticed two things. First, Amy now had several Victoria's Secret bags on one arm, and a plain white bag that said Fredrick's. On the other arm were several bags from Gucci, Armani, and Dior. 

Second, Amy was licking an ice cream cone. Jesus. 

"W-wow," Jake stammered, "You really took me upon that offer. Are we going to have time for all these outfits before dinner?" 

Amy looked at him, almost flushed with excitement. "Damn straight I did. This is the best place in the world to be on a shopping spree. Besides," she said with another playful wink, "there's always after dinner." 

Jake performed a mock bow. "Touché. Now, put the ice cream cone down. Sarah told me this is a 16 course meal that takes 4 hours to eat. Save your appetite." 

Amy, who always loved food, was practically drooling. "Agh, fine. You've convinced me. How long until dinner?" 

Jake smirked and made a show of flashing his newest purchase and replied, "About two and a half hours." 

Amy rolled her eyes but took the hint. "Nice watch, geek. I don't think I've seen one of those on someone since smartphones were invented. How much did that antique set you back?" 

Jake took her arm and started walking back to the car. "You wouldn't believe me if I told you." 

---- 

Although the ride back was uneventful, Amy and Jake practically sprinted back to their opulent suite. Jake thanked James, and asked that he knock when it was time to leave for dinner. Turning around, Jake made his way to the large living space, where the numerous shopping bags were sprawled out. Amy was already mixing and matching. She stood up and practically ordered Jake to go to the next room so she could change. Jake stumbled out, making use of the full bar to pour himself something else he could normally never afford. Ahhh, Whisky, a man's drink. He was just sitting down when Amy came into the room. Jake nearly dropped the glass. Her first outfit was a pair of jeans that looked poured on, making her ass look -if it was even possible- even better. She wore a red silk cami, with a short, black half-jacket to complete the outfit. Amy, who normally looked so innocent and playful, had transformed into someone who looked dangerous, sexy, and confident. 

"So?" She asked, doing a little twirl, "what do you think?" 

"Wow," Jake stammered, "you look ready to kick someone's ass or fuck someone to death. It's kinda hot." 

Amy was cackling inside. This was fun. No harm in a little modeling show. Besides, Jake was acting...different. It actually got her a little worked up, now that she was really thinking about it. Outwardly, she grinned and did another little twirl before flouncing off to change again. Jake took a sip of his drink, hand shaking. He suddenly wondered if this was a good idea. I mean, that had just been the first outfit, and he was already having trouble containing himself. 

This continued for several outfits, Amy taking a wicked pleasure in teasing her friend, her outfits ranging from business professional to pure lycra workout gear (Those yoga pants though. Jesus). Finally, it was getting close to dinnertime, so Amy left to put her dinner dress on. 

She came back in, and Jake actually let out an audible noise. Amy was wearing the proverbial little black dress. it was cut low on her back, again outlining her *ahem* assets, curving up in an elegant halter top that showed more cleavage than Jake had ever seen her wear, and flowing beautifully down her curves until it stopped at her knees. Then the Fever came again, and the look in his eyes changed. 

Amy noticed it too. It was a look she'd seen in many guys' eyes before, but never expected to see from Jake. It was...hungry, almost possessive. Like Jake was an animal and she was something to devour. An unexpected shudder ran through her and her lips parted unconsciously. Realizing she was just standing there, she managed to blurt out, "How 'bout this?" 

Jake set his glass down and made a twirling motion with his finger. Again the shudder ran through Amy. Jake was telling her what to do? JAKE? Nevertheless, she found herself slowly turning on the spot, a warm flush rising from her chest to her cheeks as she did. She turned full circle, looking at him, that intense, desirous look still burning in his eyes. "I love it, and I think you'll have every eye in the restaurant on you." 

Amy blushed uncontrollably. Who WAS this? Jake was a nice guy. A goof. A roommate. A friend. Wasn't he? The reaction he was causing in her body seemed to violently disagree with her. 

"But you know, Amy," He started, breaking her out of her reverie. "You didn't just buy the dress today, did you?" 

"What do you mean?" She blanched. He couldn't mean- Jake would never say- 

"You had a few bags from Victoria's Secret in there, didn't you?" 

She stared at him, mouth agape. He was so calm, so cool, and yet that look in his eye was burning so hotly that it was actually starting to make her wet. 

"Well yes, but-" Thankfully, a knock on the door saved her from answering. 

It was James, carrying Jake's suit and informing them the car would be arriving in 10 minutes. Jake strode purposefully past Amy, uttering in a low tone as he passed, "There's always after dinner." With that, he passed out of the room to change. 

Amy was spinning. What was going on? Jake was being assertive, dominant even, and what was worse: It absolutely, totally turned her crank. She hadn't thought it was possible for him to act this way, but now that she was seeing it, she liked it. She REALLY liked it. Footsteps snapped her back to reality and it was Amy's turn to have her jaw drop. 

Jake was wearing a single-breasted, charcoal grey suit that was impeccably tailored to his body, showing off more than Amy would have given him credit for. In the time she had known him, Jake wore loose, comfortable clothing almost exclusively. She had been mistaking bulk for fat, but what she saw now was mostly muscle and sheer size. But what really made her breath catch was the shirt. It was a brilliant, royal blue that reflected in his eyes, making them appear almost blazing, sapphire blue. 

"Well?" Jake said, "You ready for dinner?" 

"Y-yeah," Amy managed to stammer. 

"Alrighty then." He strode past her and, Lord help her, she watched his ass the whole way out. 

---- 

Dinner was another fairytale. Amy and Jake dined at Joel Roubuchon that night, one of the most impressive and highly regarded restaurants in the world. Every dish was cooked to perfection, every morsel tasted the best either of them had ever had. The courses ranged from a duck foie gras to Kobe A-5 steak bites, and by the time the dessert course came around, even Amy could barely look at the food. When it came time to pay the bill, Jake looked at it and felt the flush of The Fever again. The bill for dinner was just over three thousand dollars. Giddily, Jake added a 50% gratuity, because 'why the hell not?' Even double that amount was a drop in the bucket to him now. Despite all this, despite the Fever, despite the fact that he could have anything he wanted in the world now, all Jake could think about was the woman in front of him. 

Amy was also having distracting, albeit similar thoughts. The food had been beyond her wildest dreams, yes, but she was still puzzling over the 'New Jake'. Surely just winning some money hadn't completely changed his personality...had it? Was this dominant, confident man the same nerd that had gushed over how amazing Fallout 4 was going to be? The contrast had her spinning, and to make matters worse, that damn shirt of his made his eyes irresistible. Almost alight, those brilliant blue eyes seemed to burn through her at the same moment she felt herself falling into them. 
