 LET IT RIDE

*Author's Note: Hello, once again, dear readers! I do so love these little chats of ours. Regarding feedback received about part 3, the sex is back this chapter! Part 3 served largely to drive the story and wasn't truly meant to get the blood boiling. This chapter contains elements of group sex, light bondage, and orgasm denial/overload. However, since they aren't really the centerpiece, I've elected to leave it in the 'Erotic Couplings' category. Finally, and as always, I am in no way associated with the MGM Entertainment group, its parent, affiliate or subsidiaries. This is a work of fiction and should be treated as such. I am a feedback whore that responds to all inquiries/requests, and love constructive criticism so that I can write better, dirtier stories for all you fine folks. If my style of writing isn't your cup of tea, no worries. Just put down the cup and leave. Enjoy!*

------

Jake's mind was everywhere as he stepped on board the private jet at McCarran. He had been almost catatonic as he checked out, numbly mumbling his thanks to Sarah and James for their hospitality and service, and signing the final guest bill. After all his antics, spending, and comps, Jake had blown just over $3 million that weekend. Sarah told him that they would be more than happy to host him again, slipping her card into his luggage as he got into the limo. All of this registered in Jake's mind, but only distantly, as though he were watching it from underwater.

He had no idea what he was going to say. What could he say? "Gee, Amy, sorry I called you a gold-digging clothes whore?"

"I was being a sheep and listening to my idiot friend?"

"I'm in love with you and I'm desperately insecure that you would never want me due to a lifetime of self-esteem issues?"

Jake leaned back, not even noticing the fine, plush leather seats.

Well, I'm fucked.

----

Jake rolled up to his house, tipping the driver thankfully and grabbing his luggage. As he walked through the door, he noticed that only the kitchen lights were on. Kicking off his shoes and dropping his bag, Jake walked upstairs, only to be met with a fusillade of angry words, punctuated by fists.

"You!" *Whap!* "Dumb!" *Whap!* "Limp-dicked!" *Whap!* "MOTHERFUCKER!" *Whap!*

Jake fought through the onslaught, not recognizing that the voice didn't belong to Amy. Peering through his hands, trying to ward off the attack, he could see it was their tiny roommate, Victoria.

"What the FUCK did you do to Amy, asshole!"

Jake spluttered, still woefully confused.

"What are you talking about, Tori?! She ran off like a bat out of hell and fled Las Vegas before I could find her!"

"Well she fled from a lot more than that, cocksucker!" With a violent gesture, she pointed down the hall. Jake's eyes followed, and saw that the bright green Nintendo poster was missing from her door.

Victoria's words faded out, to be replaced by a roaring in Jake's ears. His eyes tried to make sense of what was in plain view. The room was bare, her vivid Zelda covers gone, the borrowed bed leaning up in the corner, frame carefully disassembled. The closet was empty. Her toiletries had been removed hastily from the bathroom.

Jake didn't even have the emotional range at the moment to cry. He was so locked down, so shut away from what he was seeing, but he knew.

He had lost her.

Amy was gone.

----

Mike and Victoria explained what they knew, though how much of it Jake heard was anyone's guess. Amy had apparently called her family from McCarran, who had started organizing movers and begun packing Amy's things before she even touched down. By the time Amy made it back to the house, she just had to collect and pack a few personal items while hugging a tearful good-bye to Victoria. She was gone as quickly as she had arrived. 

Victoria, seeing how devastated Jake was, gave up trying to murder him and awkwardly patted him on the shoulder before retiring to her own room. Mike, in his capacity as best friend, pulled out a 6-pack and wordlessly dropped a beer in front of Jake. Mike sat down next to his dejected friend and took a long pull of his own drink as Jake sat there, motionless. Mike took another pull of his beer as the silence stretched to five minutes. Then ten. 

At fifteen minutes, Mike sat down his empty beer and cracked a fresh one, while Jake's lay untouched. He took a breath to talk, but held it as Jake slowly tilted his own beer to his lips, taking long, gulping swigs until it was gone. Wordlessly, he cracked his second one, looked at Mike, and proffered the lip of his glass. Mike clinked it and tipped it back, letting his breath out as he spoke.

"She was for real, huh?"

Jake took another long drink. "Yeah, man, I think she was."

Mike nodded absently, looking out over the lake as they enjoyed the crisp Washington evening.

"So what are you going to do about it?"

This incensed Jake. "DO about it??? Mike, I wouldn't have to be doing SHIT if you hadn't brought it up in the first place!"

"Probably. That's my fault. But your actions are your own, buddy. You fucked up."

Mike turned and looked his best friend in the eye. 

"Now what are you going to do about it?"

"Fuck, Mike, I don't know. She's not returning my calls, or texts. Hell, she's not replying on Twitter. I think I might be out of luck here."

"Well, finish your beer. Maybe inspiration will strike."

Jake snorted. "Yeah, because I seem to make excellent life decisions under the influence of alcohol."

"Hey, I'm just spitballing here. My advice doesn't seem to have worked out for you, so maybe take it with a grain of salt. Shit, man, I'd probably tell you to just go back to Vegas and try for a mulligan."

Jake looked over at Mike quizzically. "Mulligan?"

"Yeah, like in golf. You know, a do-over."

Jake thought about it quietly for a moment, then stood up, smiling down at his friend. 

"What are you doing next weekend?"

-----

The week passed quickly and uneventfully. It seemed like minutes after Jake had departed McCarran that he was touching down again, Mike in tow. However, last time he had flown economy seating in a cramped airplane full of sweaty tourists. This week, Jake and Mike touched down in a private jet, sent courtesy of the MGM family. Sarah called mid-flight to confirm their itinerary, noting that Jake asked to stay somewhere other than the Skylofts. Sarah offered the newer Sky Villas at Aria as an alternative, and Jake accepted, asking that the room be stocked with vintage scotch, Dom Perignon Oenotheque champagne and fine cigars. Sarah agreed readily, hanging up after welcoming Jake back.

Jake's change in hotel marked the first of many differences that Sarah noted. After all, it was her job to anticipate and cater to her client's every whim. The pattern became increasing clear over the next twenty-four hours.

Jake ate, but not at Joel Roubuchon or Alize.

He took his friend Mike out for drinks, but they stayed far away from Hakkasan.

They went to a show that night, but it wasn't Cirque du' Soleil. 

Jake altogether refused to go to the Stratosphere or the Fremont Street Experience.

Although it was clear to Sarah that Jake was looking for an escape, a boy's weekend, it was apparent that he was avoiding any place he had been to on his previous visit. When Sarah inquired, Jake brushed it off, saying that Vegas was too big to go to the same places more than once, but his laughter never reached his eyes. Almost as if in response, Jake instructed Sarah to take them to the "best party in the hottest club" in Vegas that night.

By 11, Sarah had all the arrangements settled, taking them to Hyde at the Bellagio. The line was stretched well out the door, but Sarah ushered Jake and Mike past swiftly, a quick nod to the bouncers all it took to get them into the packed party. 

Hyde was indeed the event of the night, the electronic music pulsing and reverberating through them both, instantly sending a thrill through them as Sarah led them to a roped-off VIP area with enough seating for several more guests. Jake saw just how empty the booth looked and turned to address Sarah.

"Sarah, I'd very much like it if Mike and I had some company tonight. Would you be so kind as to get four or five women from the line and ask if they would like to join us?"

Mike looked at Jake askance.

"Dude, I wasn't really serious about the mulligan thing. Is this a good idea right after all that business with..." Mike trailed off as the look in Jake's eye went cold, fixated on him with a dangerous kind of heat. 

"Don't."

That single word was all it took for Mike to clam up. Jake was normally an exceedingly nice guy, but Vegas seemed to put an edge on him that Mike didn't quite know how to approach. Fortunately, he didn't have to, as Sarah returned with four beautiful women, one of whom was familiar.

"Hey sweetie," said Erica as she sat down next to Jake and casually draped an arm around him. "Long time, no see." 

"Hey Erica," Jake said with a smile. "This is a pleasant coincidence. You ran out awfully quick last time."

"Well, I really did have to work. I'm just glad it happened to be industry night at Hyde! Sarah saw me in line and mentioned you were looking for some company."

"Absolutely. This is my friend, Mike. We just got in last night, so I can be all yours until Sunday evening this time."

Erica made a show of making a pouting face, exaggerating comically. "ALL mine? But what about my friends? There are only two of you and it might get lonely for them!"

Jake grinned from ear to ear. "I'm sure we can find a way to entertain them. It looks like one of them has already met Mike."

At this, Erica looked across the table, where a lovely, slender brunette was running her hand up Mike's chest as she whispered something in his ear. Erica laughed.

"Seems like it! That's Megan; she'll sleep with anything with two legs. These beautiful people with me are Amber and Hailey. Girls, this is the guy from last week!"

This last statement merited a conspiratorial giggle from the three stunning women, and a slight blush from Jake. Nevertheless, he recovered fast and poured all three ladies drinks from the bottle service while surreptitiously checking out Erica's friends.

Amber, much like Erica, had hourglass curves, her breasts looking positively ready to jump out of the skintight club dress she wore. Her waist was trim and toned, her hips flaring out pleasantly. She looked to be no taller than 5'5", although that was only an estimate.

Hailey was the polar opposite of Erica and Amber. She was very slim, but toned, not skinny. Her chest was small, her ass hugged closely by her dress. But those legs. Jake's gaze lingered longer than it should have as he took in her gorgeous, unbelievable legs. She had almost been able to look Jake in the eye when he had stood to greet them, so he put her height at nearly 5'10" without heels.

That was all the time Jake had to stare before the girls all pulled Mike and Jake onto the dance floor. The beat of the music still pumping through their ears, the men allowed themselves to relax. Megan had clearly taken a liking to Mike, her ass pressed close against him as she swayed and gyrated to the beat of the music, his hands more resting on her hips than guiding them. Mike was self-admittedly an awful dancer, and seemed content to let Megan take the lead. Amber joined them, pressing herself against the front of Megan, kissing her forcefully as Mike watched open-mouthed.

Jake had his hands full as well. Erica was shimmying up and down his body, the skintight golden dress reflecting her hair and accenting her deep green eyes. At the same time, Hailey had come up behind him and was running her hands over Jake's firm chest. The three danced together for some time, always varying who was in the middle of the sandwich, Erica pointedly kissing Amber when she knew Jake was looking. They took a break, returning to Jake's VIP table. As Mike started aggressively making out with Megan, Jake filled another three flutes of champagne while Hailey pulled something out of her purse before popping it into her mouth. Jake noticed and inquired.

"Hailey, what was that?"

Hailey smiled briefly before taking a sip of her champagne.

"It's some really, really good molly!"

"Molly?"

Hailey laughed, a tinkling of chimes that was ethereal and entrancing.

"So innocent. Molly is ecstasy. Makes dancing feel so much better and the music! Oh man, it just fills you up. Want some?"

Jake looked at the capsule she offered with trepidation.

"Ah, no thanks, I better stay away from that. I can get a little crazy. Best to keep a level head."

Hailey giggled again. "Yeah, Erica mentioned how you can get."

Jake blushed for real this time, the redness starting at his ears and working its way down.

"What exactly did Erica tell you about me?"

Hailey drained the last of her champagne and met Jake's eyes. "Hmmmm. Well, she said you were some high-roller that got smashed at her bar and then fucked the absolute life out of her."

"That's pretty accurate...I think. Like she said, I was pretty drunk."

"And apparently an excellent lay."

Jake laughed, enjoying the night, the champagne clouding his judgment enough that he didn't notice Hailey drop something into his drink. Erica joined in, and the three of them laughed and talked while Megan, Amber, and Mike shamelessly groped each other. Mike came up for air long enough to mouth the words 'I fucking love you' at Jake before diving back into the writhing beauties beneath him.

After about a half hour, Jake was feeling excellent. Better than excellent, in fact. His head rolled back and the waves of music began crashing down on his head. Erica and Hailey's random touches on his arm or leg were beginning to feel amazingly tingly. Jake's jaw clenched tightly as Hailey's hand running up his thigh sent shockwaves through his brain, and Erica's lips against his ear felt like fire. He barely registered them wanting to dance more, and once again allowed himself to be pulled onto the dance floor.

If their previous dancing had Jake on Cloud 9, what they were doing now had him at about Cloud 50. The music seemed to be coming from everywhere, even from inside him, and every time he closed his eyes he could see pulsing, flashing lights strobing through his vision. Hailey and Erica were sights to behold, their bodies writhing against him, undulating and grinding; the sensation of their bodies against his approaching something along the lines of magic. Then Erica was kissing him, and it felt like she was pouring liquid gold into his mouth. Jake sighed, melting at the intensity of the sensation, when Hailey reached down from his waist and felt his unsurprisingly hard cock through his pants.

"Erica, you never told me he was so....talented." Hailey gave a little extra squeeze as she said the last word, giving no doubt to the double entendre.

Erica laughed and smiled. "You'd have tried to take him for yourself. But I don't mind sharing. Let's get out of here and I'm sure he can show us more of his...talent." 

As she spoke, Erica's hand joined Hailey's on Jake, and she also squeezed his cock appreciatively. Jake practically ran back to the table, throwing some money at Mike and telling him to get a room for the evening. He then put his arms around the two gorgeous women and they headed back to the room.

The drive back was blissfully a short one, the molly taking firm rein in Jake's mind, pleasurable waves washing over him as the lovely women he was with cuddled against him. Even this, a relatively nonsexual touch had Jake's skin searing, his body consumed with the sensations. They all but fell out of the limo as they arrived at the private entrance to the Aria Suites.

Even addled has he was, Jake had enough wherewithal to show the women around the massive suite, from the plunge pool in the entertaining area to the fully stocked bar and gourmet kitchen. The ladies were impressed, and readily agreed when Jake offered to show them the master bedroom.

He had barely opened the door when he was attacked. Erica lunged for his lips, kissing him fiercely as she pulled against the buttons on his shirt. Hailey went straight for his belt, practically tearing it from the loops before taking Jake's slacks down. Jake didn't know what to do with himself. The sensation was so much, so overwhelming that his brain could barely process it.

Hailey helped Jake out of his pants and assisted Erica in walking him towards the bed, pushing him down onto it. Then the real torment began, as Erica and Hailey shared a knowing glance, and then started kissing their way up either side of Jake's thighs. Jake let out a gasp, their hands mirror images, tracing lines across his oversensitized body as their lips found his hips. He had a split second to take in a deep breath and say "Fuck" before their lips were on his dick.

It almost seemed like they had done this before, their lips perfectly in sync as they slid up and down Jake's prodigious dick. Erica's tongue worked like a snake, flicking and lapping at every sensitive spot she could reach, while Hailey's rolled against the underside of Jake's dick in long, slow waves. Jake could barely breathe, let alone think or speak as the erotic assault continued. Before long, they varied things up, Hailey dropping down a little lower to play with Jake's balls and gently suck at them, Erica proceeding to engulf Jake's cock with her full, sensuous lips. Jake's head flew back and his hips bucked as he continued to be overwhelmed by pleasure. Both women on their own would have been a lot to handle, but together they were something else altogether. They took a moment to switch places, Jake only realizing by virtue of the difference of their technique. He could feel Erica's short, serpentine licks to his balls, even as the underside of his dick was caressed by Hailey's tongue. The taller woman couldn't go quite as deep as Erica, being halted by Jake's sizable girth, but she more than made up for it with the loving skill of her tongue. Jake was panting now, trying desperately to stave off his release, not wanting the amazing scene playing out before him to end. But he was no match for the combined talents of the two vixens. Erica dropped lower and started tonguing Jake's perineum, that soft patch of skin between his balls and ass, while Hailey's undulating tongue endlessly laved over his circumcision scar. Jake exploded with a primal yell, his orgasm overtaking his mind in a roar; the ecstasy magnifying the pleasure beyond anything Jake had ever felt. Hailey gagged for a brief second, then recovered and swallowed every drop of Jake's cum. Exhausted, Jake slumped back onto the bed.

"Done so soon?" Erica asked, a mischievous look in her eye as she wrapped an arm around Hailey. "I wonder if there's any way we can get your attention back..."

With that, Erica kissed Hailey full on the lips, tongue probing deep, the two beautiful sirens undressing each other as they embraced. As he had noted in the club, Hailey's lithe, willowy frame was the opposite of Erica's traditional bombshell looks, but it didn't matter in the slightest as Erica clambered into bed next to Jake, only to have Hailey park herself between Erica's legs. Hailey took a moment to make a quip, saying she felt like she was doing all the work, and then dove in between Erica's legs. Jake looked on in awe as the slender brunette went down on Erica passionately, her tongue lapping and licking away at her clit in the same rolling wave she had used on Jake. Apparently, women really did know the best way to please another woman, because Erica's catlike green eyes immediately rolled back, a long, sensual moan escaping her lips. Jake could only watch as Erica's toned body rolled, hips moving up and down, seemingly of their own accord as Hailey pleasured her friend. Even without being touched, the sight before him was enough to reignite Jake's arousal. He reached over and firmly pulled Erica into a kiss, running his hand across her chest to sensually caress her large, perky breasts.
