 Lily heard a knock on her bedroom door.

"Come in," she said, thinking it was Becca, her roommate.

After the door opened, she realized it was not a woman standing there. It was Michael, dressed in briefs. His tanned chest had whorls of dark hair on it and his physique honed from hours spent outdoors working construction.

"What are you doing here," she said.

"Becca's gone to sleep," he said, "I thought I would see if you were still up."

"Why," Lily said, "This is my bedroom. Not hers. You should really just leave."

He laughed.

"We're just talking right," he said, sitting on the edge of her bed, "Becca doesn't have to know about everything I do."

She felt her body trembling because she knew there was no innocent reason for him to be here now. She knew he knew that too. He'd left his girlfriend's bed to come into her room. When she had arrived home from the movies, she had seen their clothes strewn in the living room on the way to Becca's bedroom.

"You know how pretty you are don't you?"

She looked up at him.

"What?"

"I bet you're hot too..."

That confused her even as it excited her. What was going on with him? He seemed so happy with her more vivacious roommate.

"Michael I really don't think..."

Her face blushed.

"Then don't think," he said, "Oh Lily, Lily..."

His voice grew soft, its tone completely foreign to her. She gathered her covers around her.

"Michael, I don't think you coming here is a good idea."

He shrugged, and then sat on the bed causing the mattress to squeak from his weight.

"What are you doing," she said.

He then gently pushed her down on her bed and kissed her mouth while slipping his fingers under her shirt and stroking her breasts. She closed her eyes, all kinds of sensations assaulting her at once. His hands groped her, sending a charge through her. She barely breathed.

"No bra," he said, "Very nice."

"Get off of me," Lily said, "You're supposed to be Becca's boyfriend."

"Not tonight..."

He started pinching her nipples, that made them tingle and when he rubbed one of them with his thumb, she couldn't catch her breath but this was so wrong...

"I want you Lily...so damn much..."

"Michael..."

"Just shut up okay...you want this too I know it..."

His lips probed her mouth, trying to part her lips as he kept rubbing her nipple with one hand. It started to get real hard and so so sensitive.

"Michael...Becca's in the other room," she said, "You're supposed to be with her."

"I'm with you...and oh....your mouth...so hot..."

He pressed his lips against hers again and this time, his tongue nursed the seam of her lips because she knew he wanted to slide it inside her mouth.

"Michael...oh god...I can't do this...not to her..."

He traced the hollow between her breasts under her top while looking at her.

"Becca's a fucking slut," he said, "She came up to me with another man's scent on her."

That shocked her. No it couldn't be true, not Becca. There had to be some kind of misunderstanding.

"No...you're wrong...no..."

"I don't know..."

"I do...and I know she's lying to me."

He kept playing with her breasts.

"What does that have to do with me Michael?"

"Just relax....baby...oh you feel good...I can make it better."

She tensed. She had no doubt about that...just his hands on her did all kinds of things, made her hot, made her wet made her want him but he was Becca's lover not hers. She tried to move away from him.

"Michael why are you in my bed?"

He sighed.

"I think it's obvious Lily...I came here to fuck you..."

She just looked at him and damn, she couldn't believe what she'd just heard. But this wasn't about her...no...it was about Becca and what he thought she'd done.

"No Michael...you came here to get back at Becca..."

He rubbed his hands against her breasts and then raised her top so they were exposed. Her breasts, with their pert pink nipples stood bared and she felt his hands on them, his fingers rubbing them. She felt him move down her body, until she felt him place his lips around one of her nipples. A jolt coursed straight to her groin and she felt heat coursing there.

"You like that...you want that don't deny it," he said, "Lily...just let me fuck you...and then I'll leave..."

She bit her lip looking at him, the expression in his eyes. The hunger, the way he had of stripping her bare just by looking at her. The way her nipples responded as he mouthed them. What they were doing was already so naughty. If Becca knew...

"Michael...I can't...oh....please just go..."

"I can't...Lily...and it's what you really want..."

Now she felt irritated as well as turned on.

"Who the fuck are you to tell me what I want?"

She said this even as he tongued a nipple and slipped it inside his mouth...the heat, the dampness, his ability to suck it...she gripped the bed sheet.

"Right now you want me to fuck you Lily," he said, "right here...who gives a damn about Becca? I'm going to make you feel so damn good you forget all about her..."

He reached to slide her bottoms off of her so her panties were visible.

"Michael..."

"What...?"

"This is so wrong....god it's wrong..."

He started easing her panties down her legs.

"It can't be wrong because it feels too fucking good..."

She squirmed beneath his fingers which grazed her inner thighs as he worked her panties off of her. Her skin felt hot, needing relief but how could she...Becca was her friend...His fingers felt rough against her skin and after her panties were past her knees, his fingers on one hand rode back up until he started caressing one of her inner thighs. She bit her lip, feeling so sensitive there.

Her pussy felt wet...she couldn't help that could she? But his fingers were inching so close...and when he touched her there...he'd know. Because she did want him.

"Oh god...Lily..."

She felt a couple of his fingers ride her slickness and they parted her pussy lips.

"I...need you...I can't but I do..."

"I know Lily..."

He cut off any other words with a kiss and then rolled his body on top of hers so that only one layer of fabric separated them. He felt so hard, so thick against her even sheathed in his briefs. He started thrusting against her pussy, the shaft of his cock rubbing against her through his clothing.

"You want more?"

She felt her chest heave and she couldn't lie to him. She wanted everything.

"Yes...oh god yes...yes..."

He pulled his briefs down and when he lowered himself back on them, all she felt was the heat of his erection against her slickness. Her pussy throbbed and she found herself pushing it against his cock urging him to slide it inside of her.

"What do you want baby...tell me what you want..."

She fought to get the words past her need.

"I want you...want you to fuck me Michael...fuck me...oh I need you..."

He nudged her legs open with his own and nestled in between her thighs.

"I'm going to nail you right to this bed...over and over..."

His cock pressed against her cleft harder and she swallowed noisily, suddenly feeling nervous. Still, she found herself arching her pelvis to rub against his own like a cat in heat.

He chuckled.

"Wait..."

"I can't...I want it...I want it now...before..."

She knew she couldn't go back now, couldn't pull away from him. Couldn't do the right thing which was to kick him out of her bed, send him back to Becca. Before...but the point when she could have done that passed.

Passed for them both.

"I'm going to start out nice and slow," he whispered.

She nodded and there was no space left separating them. He pressed his cock against her pussy, teasing its lips with promise. She tensed and he kissed her on the lips while thrusting inside of her, until he had penetrated her deeply. Her eyes widened in amazement that her body could sheathe all of him but it did.

"Oh my god..."

She felt the bite, where it stung at first...he was so hard, so thick. Her pussy a sheath for him, as he penetrated her like a sword. She moaned against his mouth and he pulled her even closer to him.

"Oh, you feel so good," he said, and she felt him began to thrust gently inside of her and she moved her pelvis to match his rhythm. Slowly as he promised, in and out of her...their hips came together and she cried out each time.

"Quiet...we have to be very quiet..."

She remembered why.

"You want it baby...you want it harder?"

She nodded and he thrust faster, faster than she could keep up. She gripped his shoulders tighter and wrapped her legs around his more firmly feeling her back rub against the mattress with each thrust. She looked up over him to the ceiling above them, her vision suddenly blurring. He thrust several more times, deeper and deeper as her body surrendered and then welcomed him until finally she came against him.

The bed rattled as they moved against each other but it stilled when he thrust enough to send him over. His body tightened on top of her for a moment and then relaxed.

She felt spent against him, catching her breath...pleasure rocking her but reality had caught up to her as well. She'd just fucked her roommate's boyfriend in the same house.

"Michael...this...I think you'd better just leave now...like you said."

He sighed and bent over to kiss her mouth.

"All right baby...god you're hot..."

He climbed out of bed and she didn't watch him head to the doorway. She didn't see that Becca stood right there, with a hand in her panties.

"You like the show," Michael whispered to her.

She nodded and they both left the bedroom.