 The idea for these narratives started as talks with my wife about my sex drive vs. hers. She holds the viewpoint that I am somewhat overly focused on sex at our age, which is for us, early our 50s. We have had many discussions and comparing of experiences, what it all actually accomplished is yet to be seen.

What I Learned in College- Chapter 4 – Summer 

I'm just not able to say that I was thrilled about being home for the summer after the eye opening first year of college I'd just completed. Having spent over eight months making money from various musical endeavors, partying, fucking and passing classes without much study at all and then being thrust back into dealing up close and personal with my parent's mostly good intentioned over supervision had me pissed off, sober and horny. Not a good combination.

Receiving a "Dear Malcolm" letter from my fuck bubby informing me that she was headed out to California soon for college next fall put me in a huge black mood. My cousin who usually provided we with at least a 3-4 day window of escape had just moved to Chicago to be with his fiancé, the rat bastard.

I had no problem getting work, but painting was the last thing I gave a shit about doing. Nothing can make things worse than being a narcissistic almost twenty year old. The world owes you right? There's nothing like another thirty years to give you some perspective.

I had some playing work, but nothing regular and even a few students. Painting, a few students and some gigs would have to do. It would be mid August soon enough.

By the second week of being home things had settled in, or so I thought. Coming home from work after a long Wednesday of apartment painting, I found a note in my Grandmother's hand that said: 

Call Liz, she has a gig for you both!

Love,

Grandma

(I'd talk about Grandma more...but this is supposed to be about sex at some point...)

Liz! 

We had none each other since grade school and had lived in the same neighborhood for just as long. She was a pianist and had been my only regular accompanist for solo contests or auditions since seventh grade. My biggest regret up until that time was going to college at a different school than Liz. I wanted to keep her because of our report as performers.

We knew things about each other that I am pretty sure almost no one else knew.

Her biggest not so secret thing she held on to was that I had wanted to date her best friend Janice. Janice knew too, and she was a cock-teasing bitch in the best possible way. I had been sprung over Janice since middle school, but the real crush started when I was invited too a pool party the summer between 10th and 11th grades at Janice's house.

Not only was the house and pool fantastic; but also tall, lanky, late-blooming Janice grew tits sometime during our 10th grade year and her bikini put them on display. Besides her tits, the cut of her swimsuit bottom showed more ass cheek than I would see in a bikini until visiting South America years later. 

Liz and Janice made quite a pair. Janice was at least 5"-10' flatted footed while Liz was maybe 5"-4' in high heels (which made her legs look great!). Janice had dark brown, shoulder length, straight hair and blue eyes while Liz's sandy blonde hair hung to the middle of her back and had a slight natural curl. Her hazel eyes were flecked with brown.

Neither girl carried much in the way of extra weight, but Liz had a slightly plump ass that was accentuated by the wider set of her hips. Janice had been the more athletic of the too, but Liz swam like a greased otter and her build made me think of a mermaid, except for her swim floats. Both girls were about a 34-C. What was a nice set of tits on Janice were made extravagant but the difference in height and frame.

Liz's 34-Cs were awesome!

Speaking of being a tease, I had seen plenty of her tits and cleavage. She was demure to a fault out in public and at school, but she did have more than one strikingly cut "little black dress" for gigs and parties. She also wore peasant blouses, tube tops, halters and other revealing tops when we would rehearse at her house.

She had the nerve to say, "My eyes are up here." to me once when see was pushing the limit with a scoop necked t-shirt and no bra on a particularly warm spring afternoon when I need to have her work with me as I prepared for an audition.

I answered her with, "I know where you eyes are, there hazel colored. I like your tits. They fucking gorgeous. She grinned and pulled the shirt down to give me a look at one hard brown nipple.

I said "Thanks". She smiled again and we went back to work. I'm an idiot. That's perfectly clear to me now.

I called Liz and found out we had a gig playing a piece we had played together many times. This time it would be part of a memorial service the next Saturday afternoon and we would make $60 a piece for 4 minutes of playing during the thirty-minute service.

Rehearsal with Liz- and a challenge

Liz meet me at her front door at the assigned time looking tanned, fit and damn hot.

It seemed the first year of college had been good to her too. Her hair had natural streaks of lighter blonde to go with her tan, which was set off by the white flower print sundress she was wearing with no fucking bra! I have to say I enjoyed her enthusiastic hug quite a lot.

We got down to business and ran the piece down in less than fifteen minutes. We were all business! We had no more finished than Liz's Mom popped in the room and offered "Lemonade on the deck if you don't have to run."

Done deal. We got to their backyard deck overlooking an undeveloped wooded hillside and were promptly served fresh, homemade lemonade and ginger snaps. Liz's Mom was the best. She asks a few of the usual questions of me: How was school? What was I doing this summer? etc. Then she excused herself saying,
"You kids have a lot to talk about, I'm sure..." June Cleaver in a fairly "hot" sundress

Covers Liz's Mom to aptly.

Liz waiting about 10 seconds before she said, "Be right back..." In just a moment she retuned with a mostly full bottle of Stoli and topped off both of out glasses before disappearing for another moment.

Liz returned, offered her glass to clink with mine and said, 

"Mom's not going to be the only one starting happy hour at this house..."

All I could say was 'Thanks..."

We did chat about our various school situations. About the time I absentmindedly noticed that they had a spa and some new decking to go with it, Liz pointedly said

"Janice is dying for you to call her." With a Cheshire cat grin.

"A little bitterly, I answered, "And exactly why should I do that. The last time I saw her, she made sure and told me all about her engagement to Dumbass."

"Dumbass" was Janice's rich boy, assholish and talentless boyfriend. He played trombone, went to private school and was my "bitch" at every audition we both took. I took some solace in that fact. It didn't keep me from being bitter.

Liz explained, "Right before school was out, Dumbass cheated on Janice with a 'little sister' of his frat at a party when Janice was present. He thought Janice was asleep in his room drunk. He had just fucked her right before."

All I could say was, "Get the fuck out...so he lives up to the rep...that's fucking amazing!"

We had to laugh. And we did...

Liz got a breath and a sip of the vodka lemonade and reiterated, "Call her...or you're an idiot."

"I'm not doing a rebound with Janice. She's all but wiped her ass with me twice..."

Liz blurted out, "Pussy..."

I countered, " Not getting' any from your girl..."

Liz knitted an eye, almost spoke and stopped herself briefly, then issued, "You won't if you don't call her...pussy..."

She knew how far to push me but wasn't ready for me to be quite so blunt as to say,

"Liz...I love you a lot...but you are about a bitch some times. What the fuck is it to ya?

You know the whole story. I offer...she rejects...she comes on a bit...I end up discarded. She likes having me as a discard...it's just fun to her."

"Gawd you're so dark...so serious...really...fuck..." 

She let that settle for a few seconds before reaching over for my hand. I felt a "charge" between us, but I was so fucking horn she could have beaten with a stick and I would have gotten hard. The last thing I wanted to do was fuck up things with Liz. Of course I would have loved to fuck her, but there was too much to lose.

Caving fully, I offered up "I'll do it."

Liz grabbed my hand again, walked up in the house to the phone in the kitchen and dialed Janice's number. I was speaking words of protest as soon as I realized she was moving this along.

It was a brief but fruitful call, with Janice glad to hear from me, ready to go "out on a date" and about like I expected, wanting to be taken out to diner and a movie, her picks on both counts. Janice didn't lack the ability to be in charge. In fact, she fucking loved to be in control. No surprises past her actual acceptance of an offer to take her out.

I left Liz's after getting a lingering hug and a kiss on the cheek. I wanted to ask her,

"Can't I take you out instead?"

I thought it best to keep that to myself.

A Date with Janice

Picking up Janice and the trip to Lombardi's was surreal and like I was stoned. I knew Janice was glad to see me and made all the right gestures. Her patented toothy smile, great hug and a surprisingly lingering and somewhat awkward kiss on my cheek that was more than halfway to be on the lips.

This was totally fucked up. I felt like she actually wanted me in some not quite sexual way, or was testing the waters. I felt like the cool and savvy I had found in the last year or so was disconnected, or maybe on hold. Not quite engaged.

I got us in the restaurant and seated before I made a fade away to the men's room

after we managed to get through ordering drinks (fuck I needed a cocktail...and that wasn't going to happen. No one wanted to get carded...). I needed a moment to get my shit together.

As I approached the table, I would have sworn that Janice was showing more cleavage and had undone a button on the sleeveless, checked pattern dress she chose for the evening. Her light to the point of see-thru summer sweater was now on the seat beside her and I was pretty sure she was well outfitted in white lace underwear under her dress, if the bit of her bra I could see was any indication.

Janice had always spoken in a girlish, southern way that could be taken for an affectation. I knew it was the aural mirror of her mother's Georgia accent.

"Buttah dozen meylt ihn huh maoth." would be the saying.

(Please feel free to apply that to Janice's dialogue as you like- I'll say you the full phonetic onslaught...)

We got through the meal which included a reminder of the why and how of Janice's high maintenance nature. She ordered a Caesar salad as her meal connived me into ordering linguine and clams in marinara and helped herself to a goodly amount of what became our shared pasta. 

Things took a turn for the interesting as time to leave for the movie approached.

At the mention of leaving, Janice leaned forward and touched my forearm to see if she could get even more of my undivided attention and started the rollercoaster ride by saying,

"Mal, I'm not really into a movie...it's too nice out to be inside." 

Pause...wait for it...

"Let's go back to my house and drink some wine and maybe take a swim...okay?"

My very laid back reply was short and to the point.

"That's a great idea."

I have no idea what she thought I would say, but I got to see a flash of confusion and then a very cryptic, yet satisfied smile. She thought she was in charge of things.

That assumption was very much a "We'll see..." for me. I was feeling really sure of myself, experienced and relaxed now that the initial disbelief had worn off. And I had really seen Janice use any new tricks yet. If she did, fuck it....

I would have to write the off as "should have known better" and let it go. I had just bedded three different women in the same school year and had a fuck buddy who probably would make Janice seem like a sack of potatoes in bed. The only question in my mind was would I actually find out, or was this just another lesson.

We talked on the way to her folk's house. Or mostly she talked and I listened. To her credit, she had matured enough to ask me at least a few questions, but not mature questions by any means.

"Did you have a steady at school?" she finally got around to asking. I knew it was coming and had made my mind up to be very clear about my experiences of the last few months.

"I did. She has moved to California to go to school out there. I'm feeling a little hurt at the moment. Her leaving was a total blind-side for me."

Janice had a tic that manifested itself when she was thinking or surprised at some action or thought. Her eyebrows knitted. I had made her mad once by asking if she played poker and how much cash she was holding. She might have been slightly dingy, but that one got through the fog.

Middle school girl question #5-

"Were you serious...?"

I enjoyed my reply a little too much, saying "We did some serious fucking..."

Knitting brows again...

"Is that all it was too you?"

I could resist another blunt answer.

"Janice, I mentioned being hurt. I liked the relaxed of things with Rhonda, but it bite me in the ass eventually. You can make what you want of that..."

Then I got something from Janice that I hardly ever knew her to offer. Her next comment was sincere and kind of sweet.

"Mal,...I'm sorry you got hurt. Will you be able to just thing about the good things you shared with her?" Janice and those damned eyebrows...I couldn't laugh just then, so I answered her truthfully.

"I'm working towards that. It's just a little fresh..."

Janice turned out talk back to the trivial.

Have you and Liz played the thing yet? She asked. And so on...

Out by the Pool

We made in to her house just fine. Janice excused herself for a moment before bringing me to the kitchen to pop open a better bottle of red wine that I had ever tried. After she poured us a glass each, we headed towards her parents sunroom by the pool as I followed with the bottle in hand.

She turned on the ceiling fans and stopped at the coach and lounge chairs saying, "Let's wait a bit to go by the pool. It's only 7:30 and we have at least an hour of light or more..."

I sat down on one end of the couch and she at the other. She nudged her sandals off and placed her feet on my thigh. What a long legged tease. Her nipples were hard from the temperature change and Her dress was gapping at the top as well. I didn't ask where the white lace bra had gone. I didn't care. The view was very nice and it was my hope to see more of Janice before the evening was finished.

"Did I mention that my parents are at the lake house?" she offered, very nearly batting her long natural eyelashes. "They never come home early." I almost laughed at the thought of her Dad catching me balls deep in his "Princess".

My hands got around her right foot and began to rub. Janice closed her eyes and sighed audible saying, "Gawd, that's good..."

It didn't take her long to scoot towards, her feet more in my lap and easier to reach. The shift in position also ran her dress up from just above the knee, slightly higher than mid thigh. The bottom button was now undone and I was about to see some more white lace. 

Janice drained her first glass of red quickly and I paused to get her a refill. Did she think that I didn't remember that she gets to tipsy and horny directly in proportion to her alcohol consumption? Or, was it all part of her plan?

As I reached for her other foot, she folded the soothed foot under her opposite leg affording a very nice view of her translucent panties. Not only did I now know she had the start of a wet spot, but I was able to figure that she had next to no pubic hair. Hopefully I would be able to confirm that she had shaved all but a patch of curls left to frame the top of her lips and to give her clit a little shade when she sunbathed in the nude. I'd like to see that.

I rubbed her left foot, ankle calf and knee. When I got to her thigh, Janice got up just far enough to reposition herself over my lap while she opened her dress to the waist and proudly displayed her un-tanned breasts and hard, crinkled nipples. Liking the position of control, she both kissed me open mouthed and deeply and began a slow grind on my hard cock. She was working both of us up to a boiling point.

Letting her reach for my cock and give it a firm squeeze allowed her to maintain the advantage. When she started to undo my zipper it was time for a change of plan. NO way in hell was this going to end up being a quick groping hand job that belonged in the backseat of car somewhere like a drive in movie. Did she think she was going to free my cock and pull her panties to the side and get a quick little fuck?

She could have had me that way years ago. Fuck that bullshit...not now!

Janice was not exactly a "spinner" as her height of almost 6" let her carry at least 130 lbs. or so very shape-fully. I stood up with her ass cradled in my hands, turned us around and sat her down in the middle of the couch at an angle so her long torso wouldn't be cramped. I slipped her panties off and got a look of surprise as she asked,

"Are you going to..."

Before she could finish her question, I put my face into her crotch running my tongue around the outside of her already moist lips several times before penetrating her with the tip of my tongue only. It was easy to do because as I had suspected, Janice was groomed almost bare with a triangle of soft slightly curly pubes decorating her in a way as to not be exposed by a bikini bottom. Her trim certainly didn't present an impediment to licking and sucking her pussy.

"Oh, gawd..." came out of her mouth as she wrapped two hands full of my hair encouraging me to keep up my efforts. I continued tonguing fucking, licking and slurping her most intimate lips and worked my way up to nudging, licking and sucking het aroused clitoris.

We would have been a sight with my face in her cunt, her with a leg over my shoulder and the other leg open wide like a swing gate that sometimes came swinging back to nearly smack her knee into my other shoulder with abandon.

When I sucked her clit between my lips and used the tip of my tongue to flutter it with a rapid and direct action, Janice came hard, loud and violently. She dug a heel into my back nearly hard enough to bruise and actually slapped the back off my head while flailing about in her spasm of pleasure.

Janice was stunned and breathing hard. If I had been so mean as to touch her clit, she would have screamed. The heat and scent from her cunt was so enticing. I stood up and stripped naked very quickly while a still stunned Janice lay there, blinking and breathing.

I was very hard. She was about to be mine on my terms. I took her hands and pulled her up, first to sitting and quickly to standing so I could strip her. No problem there. We had popped some middle buttons off her checked dress as we wrestled through her oral sex debauchment. I could verify now what I had suspected early. She was more deeply tanned than I thought. Only her tits, pubes and bum cheeked were lacking time in the sun. I've always liked the contrast on any woman.

She wanted to kiss me and in that, she got her way. I enjoyed kissing her back and kneading both her ass cheeks. She felt so supple and warm under my hands.

She sat back down to give my cock some attention. I appreciated the thought, but it wasn't my plan. It was time to get her with my program.

"Janice, honey...get on your knees on the couch. I want you ass up and face down, baby." Yeah, it sounded like an order, I meant it to.
