 The idea for these narratives started as talks with my wife about my sex drive vs. hers. She holds the viewpoint that I am somewhat overly focused on sex at our age, which is for us, early our 50s. We have had many discussions and comparing of experiences, what it all actually accomplished is yet to be seen. 

Chapter 2.1 -- More Rhonda 

Rhonda...if anyone had told me I would have a curly-haired, big titted, pot-smoking, low maintenance blonde for a fuck buddy within weeks of starting college, I would have said, "No Fucking Way!" 

That's pretty much what I thought about how other details of that fall as they too fell into place. I had gigs and private students to generate a more than enough cash for needs and fun. The final piece of the puzzle was figuring out that I could party and fuck my way through at least my first year of college without a moment's effort.

Being friends with Rhonda was a revelation. It had not in my experience to not have to date a girl, not have to kiss her ass all the time and to be able to get some lovin' without all that bullshit. It's sort of fun in the beginning, when you do have to do that shit, but to me it always felt like a battle for control. And to have a girl that could actually hang. I didn't have any idea that life could be that good.

We really got to know each other in October and spent the next seven months fucking and sucking each other silly at least once a week. The unspoken plan was that neither of us were to give in to emotion and said shit like "I love you" or some such bullshit. I wanted to, but she had never offered. I had my ass kicked by love the year before making it easy for me to be bitter and fight any tendency on my part to offer my heart. 

We weren't exclusive. She was my first fuck buddy before I ever heard that phrase, as well as the first girl I was around that I treated more like a guy friend than a chick. 

She broke the ice on the exclusivity by tell me beforehand about a guy she was on out with and telling me,

"I'm pretty sure I'll fuck him." 

What the fuck! I guess honesty might not always be the best policy? I was nearly speechless. All I could say was " I hope he's good to you." and walk away without any further comment. At the time, I felt like the hurt might not be worth the rewards of being whatever I was to Rhonda. 

I sure as hell never ask how her date went. And she never really reacted to my "drama". 

That situation taught me several lessons. I initially wanted to kill him, but I would have cut my own throat before saying that out loud to Rhonda. She told me about her date on a Thursday afternoon right after rehearsal. I spent the weekend savagely drunk. If not for Curt my R.A. roommate, consequences would have intervened. 

In addition, I explored the parameters of how much fucking up one guy could accomplish in a weekend. My attempts to get several female friends to fuck me that weekend, earning me four pissed off NOT gonna be a fuck buddies, three of which eventually forgave my unusual forwardness. 

Rhonda and I never spoke of her date, nor did she inform me of any others. I suppose that was some kind of a compromise.

She was her usual self with me before Monday's rehearsal and wanted to see me that evening. It was just as good as I had come to expect. But once again, nineteen...sucking, fucking and smoking pot...not a likely situation to turn down.

I have a lot of good memories from that year though. Rhonda and I, after initial hook up at an after-ballgame party, became very tight considering the fact that we never considered ourselves as going steady or any of that bullshit.

A few weeks after our initial get to know each other sleep over, we had a weekend at the end of October without a football game for the band. I could have gone home with all the rest of the freshmen, but I had other plans that included Rhonda and a weekend get-away.

I had offered up a plan to Rhonda that involved the two of us at a cabin on the lake for the weekend. It didn't take much discussion for her to be totally in on our chance to be away from campus for the weekend. 

As chance would have it, the weather turned Indian summer at the end of that week, giving us temperatures in the low 90s during the day and mid 60s at night. It was perfect one more trip to the lake weather. Normally, there should have been a risk of cold weather even though we were in what passes for the south. I suppose it was just more good luck that smiled on us.

We found ourselves at our cabin by early afternoon and were settled in fairly efficiently and quickly. Another piece of luck came our way. At check-in, the grandmotherly owner/operator of the grounds explained to me that we virtually "...had the run of the place." A family with two kids would be coming in

Sunday afternoon. Until then, it was just the two of us.

She also showed me on a small map of the grounds which cabin was ours for the weekend. It was at the far end of her property and just a short walk from one of the small man-made beaches. 

I was hoping this was going to be a weekend to remember. Considering Rhonda was here with me, the chances were pretty good that I would be relaxed and satisfied long before Sunday night.

As soon as things were squared away, Rhonda began to shed her clothes and reveal a bikini that was a sight to behold. It was sky blue with white stripes on both pieces.

The top was like a shelf bra and did a great job of putting her 40D breasts on display. 

We had both lost a little weight from the hours of marching band drill that we had been put through since the end of August. Rhonda had tended toward a very slightly towards plumpness at the start of the school year. She looked much harder in a good way with the V cut bottoms showing of her juicy, firm ass.

This was our first trip to the lake or pool to swim, so both of us, regardless of our tendency to be fair-skinned, had a bit of color rather than fish belly skin. As a matter of fact, since we were sorted hooked up, we had been having a little fun putting sunscreen on each other before rehearsal. 

Some of the more prudish folks were, or pretended to be offended when I would rub the lotion on the exposed parts of Rhonda's breasts and she would somewhat unnecessarily lotion the inside of my thighs. It took only a few days for a handful of the other slightly exhibitionist members of the band to do the same. Compared to what went on at some of the after-game parties, it was really pretty tame.

When Rhonda and I started sun screening each other this time, I caught on pretty quickly that she was going to start the teasing right then. My first clue was when she lightly pinched my right nipple. Of course I returned the favor by slipping the tip of my thumb under the edge of her bikini bottom as I took extra time to lotion the inside of her thigh.

Rhonda knelt down in front of me when she did my legs and took advantage of her position by reaching into to my swimsuit and managing to expose part of my ball sack which she giving a thorough licking and mouthing.

"I'm going to get you later," she said as she got up off her knees and gave my now hard cock a good stroking. 

"Let's get in the water first." That was her next plan. I saw no reason not to oblige.

While the sun and air temperate were warm, they had done little for the lake. It wasn't exactly like taking a polar bear swim, but we didn't last long in the intemperate water. It was nice to towel each other off and stretch out on the lounge chairs in the warm sun.

Within a few minutes, Rhonda asks one of the all-important questions for us: "Mal...you would have some weed with you, would you?"

I nodded my head affirmatively, got up and went inside to get the old fashioned, leather-shaving kit that I used for my stash, papers, pipe and lighter. By the time I got back to the patio facing the lake, Rhonda had gotten herself topless and was rubbing more lotion on her breasts. Her nipples that had gotten hard in the in-temperate lake water were crinkled tightly and resembled little dried apricots. I certainly wanted to pop one in my mouth!

"You could have let me help with that, you know..." I said as I took in her nakedness.

"If I'd let you "help", I'd have ended up totally naked with your cock somewhere in me," she said, grinning, "...I want to get a little high first." 

She was totally correct, but in my defense, who wouldn't have wanted to fuck her? She looked so hot, relaxed and ready for anything. How her boobs could be so full and so perky was a mystery to me than and now. 

Knowing that she was going end up naked with my cock somewhere in her gave me a bit of patience. I also knew I wouldn't need much patience do to her general level of arousal, especially after lighting up.

I lit the joint and passed it to her, watching carefully as she took a hit. The first thought in my head wasn't about taking my turn with the smoke; it was all about her lips and the knob end of my cock. 

She had this thing she would do that involved sucking just the head of my cock while tonguing the underside immediately behind. Done for the right amount of time and with skill, it was a guaranteed load of cum on her face or in her mouth every time!

Instead of passing me the pot, Rhonda stood up and proceeded to sit on my lap with a little grind on my hardening cock and give me an assist with the joint. Well, okay then. Since I was getting high hands free, letting my hands roam over her almost naked and sun warmed body seemed like a good plan.

Going for the tits first would have been too amateurish, even for me, so I began to rub the tops of her thighs. Her lightly tanned, soft let firm thighs that were going to be wrapped around my ears before too long! Before long, I had my hands on her firm but soft bum cheeks.

When Rhonda took a hit, she would rock swimsuit-covered crotch against my cock very so gently, groaning just a bit. I'm sure I was groaning too and thinking about how nice it would be to fuck her out her outdoors.

When we checked in, the women was working the reception desk was kind enough to let us know that we were the only one's there today and that we would be at the opposite end of the grounds from the guests checking in Saturday morning. She finished by saying, "...unless you want to be by a bunch of noisy little school kids?"

I allowed as how she had been very considerate of our plans and thanked her. 

It's not often someone gives you a go ahead to be as inappropriate as you could want. I planned to make use of the situation!

Knowing Rhonda was not adverse to ''showing off", I figured it wouldn't take long to get her to fuck right here. I left my right hand at the top of her thigh, giving it a squeeze as I slipped my thumb under her bikini bottom so I could stroke her pussy lips. 

The tip of my thumb was grazing her slit and ever so gently penetrating her. It didn't take long for my thumb to be in her pussy as far as it would go. She kept on rocking with my thumb fucking her and switch hitting the last of the smoke between us until it was gone.

With the joint finished, Rhonda stood and drooped her bikini bottom. I expected her to sit right back down on my cock and had taken my swimsuit off in preparation for a really good fuck.

Rhonda straddled me, put both hands on my shoulders, asking me to "Scoot down flat. I need you to eat my pussy."

Well, okay then! I got into position and let her ride my face every which way. She took full advantage as I tongued and sucked her cunt while squeezing her ass causing her to get near to cumming in a very short while.

In a slight frenzy, Rhonda hopped off my face and targeted my cock with her very wet pussy. The funny thing about Rhonda was that although she was not petite, she was very tight even when fully aroused. I felt her ease herself down onto my hardness rather than just shove me in her cunt.

I loved watching her face as my fleshy tube split her cunt lips. It was the same face I would I see in the future with other women when having anal sex. The "Is this going in me?" face is always a wonderful thing to behold.

For some reason, I need to feel what we were doing and not be distracted by the sight of Rhonda naked, curly blonde hair glowing in the sunshine and her much bigger than a handful breasts and hard pinkish-brown pointy nipples.

I closed my eyes and gave in to the sensation of Rhonda fucking herself with my cock. My hands found there way to her thighs and then up to her hips. Mostly, I just let her ride me, but when I held her at the point of having the tip of my cock in here cunt and no more, I could feel her try to push herself down on me. In a peak of frustration, she swore at me, managing to say, "You fucker..." before I gave her several quick strokes that amounted to me short stroking her teasing slit without allowing deeper penetration.

Opening my eyes to help access the results of our fucking so far, I could see a blush across Rhonda's upper torso. She was certain to cum before long if she was to the point of "blush" already.

I let go of her hips as she pressed down hard and was surprised to be suddenly so suddenly and so fully inside her. Our fucking made wet, a slurping, and squishy sound as her wetness dripped onto my crotch, and was in turn distributed thoroughly over my balls and inner thighs. We fucked with total abandon with all the accompanying sounds of rutting. Getting Rhonda this worked up always made me wonder when we were going to be too sore for the next fuck. It never happened.

As much as this was fun, I wanted to get the first fuck of the weekend behind us so I began to subtly pinched Rhonda's nipple and thumb her clit all the more rapidly. Her eyes were the ones closed now and her top teeth were giving her bottom lip a g going over. 

Rhonda was almost never coherently vocal while fucking and/or cumming, but she was a moaner and groaner. I felt a little pride at giving her an above average fuck, as she was occasionally uttering an intelligible syllable and even a word or two.

I even got a "Fuck...Me...harder...Fuck..." out of her. This might be a big one...for her.

I had no idea why I was still not getting anywhere near the feeling of anticipation, or more likely in this case, surprise. I should have already gone off like a hose...fuck it.

It was all the more reason to get her off and settle down a bit. 

She clued me in by managing to say, "Close...oh, fuck..." as she slammed against my pelvis. I managed to get my thumb and two fingers around her clit and give the little slick nub a good tweak. I caught her on an up stroke and she frozen for a second before her wild, wide open eye's fixated on me as she slumped forward to wrap her arms around my neck as she gave an occasional twitch either full body or a squeeze of my cock by her spasm prone cunt.

I had cushioned her fall by grabbing both tits and was gently massaging her breasts as she began to kiss my face, lips, cheeks, forehead, eras and my most potentially ticklish spot...my ears. I took like a man.

Stopping the kissing torture, she whispered into my ear, "Mal...I..."

And then she caught herself and paused...

I was glad that we weren't face to face at that point. Although I was afraid I had given away my need to hear her words with a hitch and holding of my breath.

My exact thought was, "For Fuck's Sake, say it...!"

She continued saying "I've never had anyone get me off like you do."

I should have been proud, but I was thinking, "MOTHERFUCKER!" but I did manage to get a smile in as she kissed me. That was the start of more than 20 years of sorting out all the "love 'em and leave" bullshit, the "committed relationship" bullshit and several other topics in dealing or not dealing with whatever love and relationships means. Fuck me if I know!

Rhonda got up stretched and offered me a hand as she asked, "Did I fuck you into the lounger?"

"No, hon...you fucked me into the middle of next month." I answered with a slight smile and accessory laugh. All I could think of was asking myself why she couldn't "say it" and why I needed her to so much.

Rhonda, in her totally relaxed immodest manner, ran a middle finger through her cunt lips and showed me a finger slicked up with her own juices only...saying,

"Are you shittin' me...all that fucking and you didn't cum...are you okay?

"I got distracted with getting you all worked up...it just didn't happen." I answered with a shrug.

Rhonda wrapped her hand around my well-lubed rod and gave me a light tug or two. It didn't take much for me to get back up to all the way hard. She turned her head and half tiptoed to get another kiss before asking, "Can I try something?"

I nodded affirmatively and released my cock and walked just as she was down to the strip of man made beach about thirty yards from the cabin. I picked up a couple of towels just in case and followed Rhonda.

When she reached the narrow strip of sand, she turned and got down on her knees facing me. Walking up to her, I dropped the towels and placed my hand on her cheek give it a caress before she could bury her face into my crotch. She rubbed her face on my cock and balls, getting the residue of our fuck all over her cheeks, lips and chin. The sensation got me much harder than her brief tugging on my cock.

Once again, I closed my eyes and let the late afternoon sun wash over me along with the feel of my cock in Rhonda's mouth. She started with working on the bundle of flesh and nerves right behind and underneath the head of my cock, both licking at tit with the tip of her tongue, sucking that very sensitize juncture and taking just enough of my cock into her mouth to rub her tongue against the area and suck and squeeze my cock with her mouth.

Unusually for her, Rhonda stop for a moment and asked, "Am I doing good, Mal..."

Yes, Hun...suck me more please..." I answered with out looking down at her. 

I gathered that I should have, because although she went right back to doing excellent work, she reached up with her left hand and tweaked my right nipple, not really pinching it, but not entirely playful either.

I had been mostly gentle with Rhonda while we were making love, but I was feeling more than a bit pissed off about her foreshortened announcement. I'd have time later to think about the how and why of our fuck buddy alliance, or whatever one would call a similar arrangement. Later I would learn the meaning of "passive-aggressive behavior", but for the moment, exacting a little punishment was feeling like the thing to do.

Rhonda had gone from working the knob of my cock to taking nearly all of me in her mouth. Hey, it's not that big an accomplishment. About 6.5 inches and not quite three inches around is the best I can come up with on any given day. I would call that a "porn cock" by any ones measurements.

About two-thirds of me that making it's way into her mouth before I put my hand on the back of her head and wrapped my fingers in her bushy, curly blonde locks. When I did that, Rhonda must have read my mind because she moved the hand that had been wrapped thumb and forefinger around the base of my cock and did some hands free sucking.

Curiosity got the best. I looked down at her on her knees and saw in her eyes a glint of something anticipatory, as if she wanted me to go ahead and fuck her face rather than let her set the pace. Keeping a little surprise in play, I went back to my eyes close pose and very slightly encouraged her to take a little more cock in by both nudging her head further towards me and by holding her face steady and using my hip action to fuck her mouth.

Gradually, I fucked her face more than letting her suck me. After a particularly long and somewhat deeper incursion, I pulled my cock all the way out of her mouth. The next sound I heard was her taking in a deep breath and saying, "Holy shit..." as she exhaled.
