 This all started as talks with my wife about my sex drive vs. hers. She holds the viewpoint that I am somewhat overly focused on sex at our age, which is for us, early our 50s. We have had many discussions and comparing of experiences. What it all actually accomplished is yet to be seen.

Chapter 2.0 -- Rhonda

Within the first few weeks of my freshmen year of college, I had been at more parties, drank and toked-up more than I had ever thought about doing in High School. I had also played more gigs and had more private students than ever before. I was busy, but I had more than enough cash for my needs and for fun.

So far, my only college experience with girls was a one-time-thing with Lenore, a hot black girl I had known for years as a classmate back to elementary school and fellow band student from Jr. high on. The situation was both thrilling and frustrating. We had used each other at a party and it was what it was, a horny fling. 

The possibilities of a more than a "fling" situation developing between us were blocked by her out-of-state boyfriend and the dangers of inter-racial dating in the south during the 1980s. It's hard to believe that I'm saying that now, but that's the way things were back then.

Checking out the other band girls and the general scene had been mostly a fruitless endeavor. Due to my usual level of clueless-ness, I had been unaware of a few girls checking me out. About this time I first learned to appreciate mentoring. 

I had a good friend from my hometown who was one of the few real working musicians in the school and was a Resident Assistant. He saw my naïve self being cruised by one of the female seniors in the band. He told me she was a slut and that I should steer clear. It was doing me a solid. She had gone through about 4 to 5 freshmen by the time I got another tip. 

According to his girlfriend, a freshmen French horn player was hot for me, but shy. Part of the shyness had to do with having had the slutty senior talking to me frequently. I was too nice to tell "Miss Slutty" to piss-off, so she continued to hit on me about every day for the first few weeks of school. Every day was about how quickly she went from guy to guy.

I had noticed Rhonda the horn player too. She was a 5-9 fair-skinned blonde with curly hair that would be best described an "Anglo-fro". She tended toward just a bit plump and had two outstanding features- her as I would soon find out 40D tits. 

There is no way even the gayest guy in band hadn't noticed her puppies. She was usually dressed for rehearsals in a semi-modest manner with no bikini tops under a cut-off t-shirt or tank tops for her. It took more of a top to manage her assets, but her clothing choices didn't detract from her charms.

I should have caught on to her early in the year. I took my tank top off to pour some cool water over my head during a pre-school rehearsal and was razed by a couple a female friends and few of the guys. Just about the moment I told all of them to fuck off, Rhonda walked up, slightly flushed, hot and sweat-ish. Whipping off her t-shirt, she showed off a bright blue bikini top barely containing her bosoms. 

Leaning over in front of me, she doused herself with cold water. Her burdened bikini top held up to the continuing strain of a full load of tits, but let everyone see her hard nipples poking at the fabric. The consensus was that the show was for me.

"Nice" I thought, along with now stop looking at her tits flashing thru my heat-addled brain. As Rhonda stepped away from the cooler, Curt, my friend, Resident Assistant in my dorm and soon to be roommate asked me:

"Did you SEE her TITS?" Jesus Christmas, she wanted you too. She was looking after you to gauge your reaction" 

"Oh, don't fuck with me like that," was my usual answer to his goading and taunting of me. "She was just coolin' off." I continued.

" We will talk later, Son. You need to get yer head out of your ass in so many ways". 

Brilliantly, I answered, "Curt, ...Fuck off!" 

"Some people are beyond help, Mal." 

And we did talk several times about how and why I was so oblivious to signals, how many girls he thought would date me and/or blow my candle out. In the long run, he was saving me years of cluelessness and potentially some therapy bucks.

It was at the third or fourth Sand Bar Party that Rhonda ended up sitting by me fireside. She had been within a few feet of me all night and had certainly managed to get me wondering where she was at any given moment. I had developed both longing and paranoia where she was concerned and tried to gather enough courage to speak to her.

When I got about drink past keeping track of her, she came to sit down by me and touched my shoulder as she sat, using for support and getting my full attention at the same time. She was barefooted on this early autumn night with no shoes in sight and about the sexiest thing I had seen ever, never mind my booze consumption. My slight foot fetish is no doubt to be blamed on her.

She was dressed in jeans and a halter-top. The top had no choice but to display her amazing cleavage even though a light knit zipper front jacket covered her shoulders and arms. I was buzzed, horny and enraptured. 

Then she spoke, "You look like a man having a good time." All I could do was try to maintain eye contact and nod. Coming out of my trance, I managed to notice her cup was empty.

"How about a rum and coke, Rhonda?" 

Now she nodded as she handed me her cup for me to fill. Rum..., ice..., coke...and a lime wedge. I was glad that I didn't fuck that up.

"You're sweet. Thanks for sharing..."

Holy shit, I think I have a clue now. She just made a choice to ignore my head being so far up my ass and to make the first move her self. In all truth it was probably more like her 10th or 12th move and likely I had missed the others.

The evening went by with Rhonda edging closer to me with out making real contact, but being very present and keeping me talking. It took about half a drink more for me to get caught looking at her tits. 

I re-established her gaze in time to figure out she was leaning in towards me to give a sweet kiss with a tip of the tongue icing. I was immediately hoping that would not be all for the night.

From across the fire, Curt and his fiancé Linda were grinning like they had a secret as they stared across the dwindling fire, keeping an eye on the two of us and observing our kissing and very light fondling. I'd have taken a moment to wonder about what they were thinking, but I was way more interested in getting a better look at Rhonda's tits.

Rhonda changed my temperature again by asking, "Mal, did you drive here yourself?" 

She damn well knew the answer, as my blue Chevy was parked at the top of the stairs leading down to the river. 

"I did. Do you need a ride back to campus?" 

What a Snappy Line, hunh? 

She then told me, " My roommate and her boyfriend must have left early. They probably went back to our dorm room to fuck." 

What did she just say? I had almost never heard a girl say "fuck" before? Now I was getting really excited.

"We can go when you're ready." I said, always the gentleman, half hard or not.

She nodded as if to say, "let's go then". I emptied our cups, got my cooler with a few cokes, ice, limes and a little less than half a bottle of rum. We were good to go right quick like. 

I watched her ass all the way up the steps to the parking lot. I heard Curt give a short whistle and turned to my right to see he and his girlfriend Linda give me the thumbs up. 

With the cooler and open container safely in the trunk, we pulled out and headed down the access road past the rest of the park facilities. 

Something made me ask, "What do you say we go to your dorm, bust in the room and flash a couple of camera shots of your roommate fucking?" 

Holy shit, she actually laughed. Stopping her giggles to say, "Yer an asshole...I like that." Not the first time a girl had called me an asshole, but the context was much improved. 

So, were gonna talk like guys..."Well, what the fuck do you want to do, Miz Rhonda?" That earned me a quizzical look from her. Eyebrows still arched a bit she asked, "You get high...right?" 

"Jazz musician..." was my only answer. 

"Want to go to the park by the 64 bridge? The Cops don't bother checking it out, especially late Saturday night. They're waiting by the Beer Bars for easy D.U.I.s."

Talent, boobs and brains...I was in lust already. 

We got there in less than five minutes. This was, after all, a small southern college town. The park was empty and had decent lighting, except for the far picnic tables closer to the river. That's where we headed. Being in the city limits, no one partied there in groups and no one else happened to be there that night.

I parked the car and surprised Rhonda by leaning over the console with my head almost in her lap, so I could reach under the dash. She put a hand on my head, tousling my hair and said, "Leave your stash alone. I came prepared." 

As I sat up she produced a cough drop tin from the front pocket of here cargo pants. Opening it up, she showed me two pre-rolled doobies and a big, fat blunt. 

"It's local shit. I lef' the Okie Skunk Weed ta home." she said, mocking our shared dialect and giving me even more reason to enjoy her company.

As we walked down to the far picnic table, she asked, "How come Linda had to tell me you smoke. You're not the only one in band, ya know." 

Wishing I could sound less like an asshole, I answered, "I actually practice a lot...and teach some of the junior high and high school kids lessons...and play gigs...and other shit."

"That why you're second chair out of 52 trombones as a freshmen." She added, "Linda and Curt said you play really well and you not totally full of yourself..."

" I'm still an asshole though." 

That got a "Jeezus"...and an eye-roll from Rhonda.

We smoked her blunt and talked more. She broke the ice, by saying, 

"I saw you and Lenore kissing awhile back." 

Fairly high already, all I could do was arch an eyebrow and let her continue.

"You two were very kissy. It got me hot watching her on your lap." 

I had to ask, so I did. "How much did you see?" 

"Everything until you two left. Did you get Naked Boobs that night, or just Bra?"

"Rhonda! What the fuck...?" She leaned forward, kissed me. I met her tongue with mine. She broke the kiss saying, "Mmm,...can I sit on your lap?" 

Not waiting for me to answer, she sat on my lap nudging against my hard-on not so gently. Even I had things figured at that point, high or not.

"Well, Lenore has nice tits... and she said you have a nice cock."

"Dayum, Rhonda, what else did you hear from Lenore?" 

"That you're very sweet and NOT her boyfriend." 

"And everyone has been talking about you two making out at the Sand Bar."

A little disturbed, I asked, " You want to clue me in on the "KKKers" thoughts." She pulled back a bit...

A little tersely she said, "Not that I'd know?" 

"You seem to hear lots." I mentioned. "I can't see you being that way, or you wouldn't have got me all high and hard."

She laughed. "I told you it made me hot...I had to go back to the dorm and...take care of myself."

"Do tell..."

"...and Lenore said you were nasty.

"What don't you know?" I was very curious.

"What went on after you two left... except she said it was very satisfying.

"You two talk too much." I said with a nervous lap. Or maybe their talks had gotten me in the situation I was hoping for...inside Rhonda!

Rhonda stopped talking as she reached down to squeeze my hardness before undoing my belt and the buttons of my fly so she let my cock out for some air.

"You're are slicked up."

"Yer fault..." and it was...I was spewing pre-cum like a hose.

The cool air and her smooth hands were nice on my shaft.

She got off my lap and on her knees, blue eyes flashing before mouthing the end of my cock, darting her tongue around the head and under to lick at the loose skin and make me even harder. I was breaking a little sweat in the cool of that night.

Just as I was afraid she might make me cum to soon, she took her mouth from around my cock, licked the top of my hard-on and lightly pinched the "turkey waddle" under my cock head.

"Oh, shit...that feels really good." was my response. 

Keeping her hand on my cock, she stood up and with my help, got ready to step out of her pants and panties. Fuck, she had been playing with herself while sucking me! 

Straddling my lap, she made one pass of her wet cunt lips over the head of my cock before she sat down most of the way. It wasn't a difficult job as I don't have a ten inch cock...more like six and a half on a good day, and not that big around either. 

Rhonda continued to slip me in her tight wet, pussy. Reaching around to clutch her butt cheeks, she and I stroked her wetness up and down my cock. 

She started shedding her jacket, her shirt and then her bra, freeing her large, but perky boobs. Her nipples pointed slightly upward. She offered the nipple of her right breast to my mouth. I sucked it in a grazed her nipple with my teeth. " No biting" was her whispered request.

Taking her hand from under her breast, she slide it between us to touch her clit and began to alternate touching herself and leaning forward to get her little hard spot rubbed by my pelvis. How she could have been any wetter, I wouldn't know.

She rode me a bit harder and suddenly pulled herself as close as she could, wrapping her legs around my body. An "Oh, fuuuuck..." proceeded a gush of moisture which I would remember as the hottest and wettest my cock was to be for a long time. I lifted us both up to give a harder thrust and came in her wet cunt. 

"Dayum, Rhonda...you made me cum hard." 

"Malcolm, I want more of you." 

Is there anything that a man, or in my case "green-as-grass" nineteen year-old would want to hear?

In total agreement with her, I offered; "Rhonda, this was good, but I want you in bed and both of us naked...please?" 

We went back to my dorm, snuck up the flight of stairs and continued to enjoyed each other fully. I had never had a bed-mate for the night, taken a date out for breakfast the morning after, or taken a shower with a girl in her dorm suite, much less anywhere else. I sure as hell had never cum four times in one night.

...and I had no idea how good the school year would be...with Rhonda's help.