 Another day, another class with you. You don't really acknowledge me much since the semester began. Could it be I hurt you by suddenly disappearing last semester? I want to say sorry, even though you will never admit the feelings we share.

I know it is all because you are the teacher I am the student, however I wish you knew what I desired from you. I want to tell you I won't ever leave you again if only you would see that. I am here to stay.

I miss the way things were and what they had built up to. Your shy, cheerful nature finally was beginning to open up and you finally were beginning to show your feelings that you had for me. The way you would smile when you saw me, the way you would talk to me, the way when no one was around you were shy but always gave that little extra kindness.

The way you would share bits of your personal life, I loved seeing photos of you and your children. I hope they grow to be as kind and loving as their daddy. I don't even need to be in your class, I don't need the subject for my career. I just like being around you, my day doesn't seem quite right until we have met. 

The class always starts the same, I intend to learn but then my mind wanders and I wish I could share it with you. I wish I could tell you how I feel, I wonder if you ever think the same.

I picture us alone in your classroom. I would sit on your lap legs to one side and feel your hands glide from my shoulders to my hips. My arms would encircle your neck, Our eyes would meet and we would gaze at each other for a moment or two, just letting the energy and the desire heighten and you would reach up touching my cheek and then pull me in for a soft teasing kiss. 

Oh how your lips would feel so soft and warm on mine and your hands would go back to wandering my body. I would feel then slide up under my shirt and caress my warm soft flesh, moaning as our kiss turned more passionate. My lips would move to your neck to kiss and nibble various spots and my hands glide down your chest and under your shirt. Your hands would slide up under my top over my bra and begin to rub and pinch my already stiff nipples. 

I would bite your neck playfully and your body would stiffen beneath mine, your excitement growing. You would then swiftly and without hesitation scoop me into your arms and lift me as you stand, placing me on the desk and parting my thighs so you could slide between them. Your cock would be pushing eager to get out of your tight jeans. 

We would kiss with so much passion and your hands would glide up under my shirt, we would break the kiss but only for a moment as you removed my top and bra. We would kiss again and your hands would playfully pinch my nipples and make me moan louder and make your erection stiffen more. My hands would unbutton you shirt and push it off you broad shoulders and toss it aside. 

Kissing ever so passionately my hands would glide on your chest, my nails softly digging into your skin. You would slowly kiss your way to my breasts and suck hungrily at the nipples causing me to whimper. I fumble with your belt and then your button and finally your zipper, pushing your pants and boxers off, freeing your erection and you moan as I stroke it lovingly. We kiss again deeply and passionately as you slide your hands up my skirt pushing it to my waist. Your moan of pleasure assures me you are happy to see I am freshly shaven and not wearing any panties. 

You cannot hold back any longer, you stop and gaze hungrily into my eyes as you grab my hips and pull me too you sliding your cock up inside me deeply. You smile as you see my delight of feeling you inside me and you begin to pump me softly as we kiss. You lay me back on your desk and kiss any part of my body your lips can reach. You bite playfully and cause me to scream with desire for more, as you pump harder and deeper. 

You push deep inside me as far as you can manage; I squeal and tighten up around you, so wet and warm. I lean my head back and close my eyes and pant hard. Not long after I feel you explode inside me and fill me with your juice. We lay there for a few moments panting with satisfaction as you kiss my neck and lips softly. 

We soon realise we must part, but as we dress and steal one last kiss goodbye, we know it won't be the last time we will be together.