 Sweet and gentle is nice, but sometimes a woman just needs a rough, hot fucking. 

*

Waking, Stephanie lazily stretched and yawned, raising her arms above her head and pointing her toes. The movement caused her breasts to point upward and bounce, grabbing John's attention. She hoped.

It did. He leaned over them, nipping each one as his stubble teased them erect. Stephanie purred in satisfaction and reached for him. As she rolled over onto her stomach to kiss him, he grabbed both of her wrists and forced them down onto the bed. Raking his nails lightly down her back he straddled her upper thighs and wrapped her thick red hair around his free wrist. He pulled it tight, making Stephanie gasp as her eyes watered. John leaned down and placed his mouth on her neck, whispering to her.

"I've been waiting for you to wake up," he murmurs. "I'm in a mood."

"Apparently. Now let me up. I need to shower before class."

John turned his wrist just enough to tighten her hair enough for her to realize she wasn't going anywhere. Not until he was done. She tensed. What kind of 'mood' was he in exactly? She'd been living with him for nearly a year now, but hadn't yet worked up the courage to let him know how she really liked to be fucked. She didn't want it sweet, gentle, or ladylike. Sometimes she just wanted a rough, hot fucking. John was the type to not push things on a woman, but damn it, she craved that forcefulness sometimes. Like now. 

The way he kept her forced down on the mattress, not enough to harm her, but enough to know she couldn't get away made her feel feminine and helpless. She could feel his erection pressing between her ass cheeks and moaned. He flexed his hips, shoving it more forcefully against her. 

"You like that don't you? You like it rough. Don't you?" he pulled hard enough on her hair to cause her to cry out, then moan. "Tell me what I want to hear. Now!"

"Yes. Yes! Yes, I like it." Stephanie rasped out. "Please,"

"Please, what?"

"Please, more...,"she could feel the slick wetness between her thighs and wanted more. She couldn't believe he was doing this. Treating her the way he was. Her insides burned and quivered. Oh, thank God. He was going to fuck her. Really fuck her. She moaned in relief.

John eased back and pressed her knees apart so he could move between them. He let go of her hair and roughly grabbed her waist, pulling her back onto her knees, leaving her face down on the pillow. Gripping his hard cock in one hand he rubbed the tip of it back and forth across her dripping cunt, causing her to squirm, a muffled moan coming from the pillow.

He paused to pull her back up against his chest, whispering against her neck, "You like being treated rough, don't you? You like it hard. Rough." His eyes glazed, "Dirty"

She could feel his teeth graze her with each rasped word. Her eyes closed and she shuddered as he pinched her nipples hard. Grunting, she twisted out of his arms and turned enough to reach his mouth with hers. She mashed her lips against his, teeth grinding against his until he opened his mouth, tongues dancing madly. She sucked on his lips, his tongue. Tasting him. She growled into his mouth, frantically needing him in her. John shoved her down on the bed spreading her legs and ramming his stiff cock in to the hilt. He pounded her fast and hard, causing the bed to slam against the wall. Stephanie spread her legs as wide as she could to let him fuck her as deep and hard as he could, screaming. Her entire body throbbed with every thrust. Her cunt contracted on his cock with need. 

John could feel her begin to cum but he wasn't done with her yet. When she was finished he pulled his still hard dick out of her.

Stephanie blinked up at him, "Wha...what's wrong? What are you going?"

"Shhh...shhhh. I'm not going anywhere," He smiled at her and stood up standing in front of her. "I want you to lie down over here with your head like this."

John positioned Stephanie with her head hanging back off the foot of the bed and stood behind her, "Now open your mouth. Good. Good." He pushed into her hot wet mouth.

He groaned and started pumping into her welcoming heat. Every time she sucked on him he moaned, thinking of her tasting her own juices. She took him in all the way to his sac, licking it. He forced her head back more, leaning over her, his hands on each side of her waist gripping the bed spasmodically. Fucking her mouth. When he opened his eyes he saw her beneath him fingering herself frantically. He leaned forward as far as he could and licked her. She screamed around his cock, vibrating on his balls, nearly causing him to cum. He sucked her clit, laving it with his tongue, thrusting his fingers violently inside her. In and out with his fingers. In and out with his cock. He could feel his balls tightening with every plunge deeper in her. Her pussy tightened around his fingers with another orgasm, causing her to arch and take him so deep into her mouth her teeth scraped his balls. Moaning, he pulled out.

While she lay there, head hanging off the bed, lips swollen, and eyes glazed with passion, he walked around the bed and looked at her laying there. She was sprawled with her legs wide open and unable to gather the energy to close them. Lucky for him. He smiled wickedly. Now it was his turn to cum. 

He knelt between her thighs, positioning himself and lifted her legs up over his shoulders. Leaning forward he licked her cunt with one long sweep of his tongue. Pulling her closer, he placed one hand on each cheek and lifted her closer. He swirled his tongue around her clit and thrust it into her once, twice, then down. Stephanie arched her back in surprise. He had just tasted her. There. She whimpered. He did it again, this time lingering. She shoved her hips up at his mouth, quivering. John couldn't take it anymore. His balls were so tight they hurt. He needed to cum, but he wanted to be in her, deep in her, when he came.

John drug himself away from her taut hole and situated himself in place to enter her from behind. He pulled her unresisting body until Stephanie was on her hands and knees on the floor in front of him, her round ass sticking up in the air. He dropped to his knees behind her and placed the tip of his throbbing cock against the tight hole he had just tasted. He shuddered as her firm ass enveloped him to the hilt. He plunged into her, feeling Stephanie's ass clench more with each thrust into it. She rocked back into him, meeting his every movement with her own. He drew her up until she was flush against him, wrapping one arm around her waist, the other pinching her nipple, twisting it. She whimpers, not sure if it is from pleasure or not. 

John buried his face in Stephanie's neck, "You love it when I fuck you from behind. You want it hard don't you? Fast. You love me fucking you."

His words rasping out against the back of her neck sent chills throughout her. Every time he said the word fuck she clenched and bucked against him until she was writhing and mouthing the word as she fingered herself. John placed his hand over hers, moving it faster and faster until she arched back and screamed her release. He panted thrusting once, twice, again. He grabbed her hair, pulling her head to the side and bit Stephanie's neck. She shuddered as she felt him blast into her. The throbbing of his cock as he came sent tremors throughout her abdomen. 

They both lay there panting for a few minutes, recovering. 

John leaned over and wrapped himself around her, "Hey the next time you want something like that tell me. Don't make me have to catch you reading about it on a website."

"John?"

"Hmmm?"

"You didn't catch me reading that."

He raised and eyebrow, "I didn't? Sure looked like it."

"No, you didn't. You caught me posting it."