 The idea for these narratives started as talks with my wife about my sex drive vs. hers. She holds the viewpoint that I am somewhat overly focused on sex at our age, which is for us, early our 50s. We have had many discussions and comparing of experiences, what it all actually accomplished is yet to be seen.

What I learned in College -Ch.5.0- 2nd Year- Shelley

My summer of having two long time girl buddies who were slightly bi fuck came to an end all to soon. I had stray thoughts about changing schools to be with them, but it seemed a little like wishing for too much of a fantastic thing. It would have had to in some way end up as a colossal fuck-up. It just would have had to...

So, instead of trying to find a house for the three of us to rent at the real University in the state, I was back at the state teacher's college shithole doing marching band camp in a dry county 45 miles from the closest liquor store. Fuck me.

For those of you a little attention span beyond the fucking part, College Marching Band Camp, as we knew it at shithole state was a ball buster. This is so long ago that nobody even thought about heat stroke. You were just a "pussy" and couldn't take it. That was according to the asshole with a PHD in Music Ed in charge of the late August goat fuck that was marching Band Camp. Fuck him and fuck everybody in charge of that shit!

Anyway, we all lived through it plus or minus some sunburn, puking and an increased chance of skin cancer later in life. The capper of the whole week of bullshit from Dr. Asshole was telling us that there would be no band parties until after the first ball performance. He gave some bullshit reason about the local citizens complaining to the cops about last year. Fuck them too!

It was Friday of Band Hell Week and we had been released form rehearsal early so the majority of folks could go home for a weekend before the start of school the next week.

I had been home enough for the summer and would be able to see Liz and/or Janice, so I stayed at school to practice and try to get my head wrapped around being back at school.

By 8 p.m. had had cleaned up, eaten and practice more than two hours, or what I called "a good start". As I was changing to my bass trombone there was a knock at the practice room door as Shelley peaked in saying, "Wow, you sound great and I can hear you all the way down the hall. You're easy to find, Mal."

I had been expecting to bump into Shelley. She had asked several mutual friends about how I was doing since Rhonda left. She was naïve enough to ask both Linda and Curt without assuming they'd get around to telling me that she was asking after me.

We had a strange relationship. I had known her since junior high even though we went to different schools then. We both ended up in honors bands and played with the all city orchestra when they needed winds. By high school, it was more of the same.

She knew I had my eye on her back then, but she had dated a guy two years older that we were that was a mutual friend. That relationship lasted until the end of the school year when she got dumped and was told he was going to a college across the state.

The only big scandals involved there was that for a couple that were nominally considered Christians, he had a girlfriend that he had been seeing from the other school and with that information coming out Shelley had used the word "bastard" and a few other choice bon mots to describe what she thought about Robert.

The other consideration was that Shelley and I had two years of high school together without Robert around and she had used me as a surrogate boyfriend, hanging out with me on trips, etc. It had all been perfectly harmless other than to my ego until a trip back home after an all-state band concert. 

We ended up in the backseat of a huge passenger van being driven by her junior high band director. Everyone settled down quickly and things got quiet. Shelley tucked her feet underneath herself and snuggled up against me to fall asleep. It wasn't the first time or the first time that I had a slight discomfort in my pants at her nearness. 

Actually, it was the nearness of her huge 38D to DD tits. She knew what she was doing and I always let her sleep against nice, safe Malcolm because she would wrap her hands around my arm and snug my upper arm and elbow tight against those soft, warm sweater puppies. She done the same thing on a summer trip wearing a t-shirt and a sports bra and nearly caused me to have a stroke, or have to stroke it.

Shelley sleepiness and the motion of the van on the road and my fatigue caused us both to slump together a bit more than ever before. I could smell her hair; it was always floral with an undertone of cinnamon. I so wanted to know if that was how her pussy smelled.

Anyway, somewhere along the trip, her hand slipped (?) down unto my thigh and it had to by the side my cock was on, wouldn't it. If the van took a little bump, Shelley would reflexively hang on to what soon became my hardening cock. It would have been great if she had blown me and reduced my swelling. Instead, she woke up with a hand full of my tool and a nervous disposition. I played 'possum and she took a moment to figure out how to try and disentangle herself from me without waking me up.

She made the mistake of accidentally (?) giving me a little squeeze as she moved to sit up. 

Looking at her with my best "surprised" face, she gave me a nervous look that read as confused. I took the opportunity to make the only sexual innuendo remark to her of our friendship, saying:

"Hang on to me if you need to, I can hold you up." I said, glancing in the general direction of my cock. 

Even in the partial darkness, I could she her blushing through her slightly freckled complexion. Blonde hair, freckles, a little meat on her bones and big tits, what more do you need. Oh yeah, a willingness to suck cock...that helps too.

So, here we were about eighteen months later, both of us unattached, and her tracking me down to a practice room with no other exit. What now?

I broke the slightly awkward ice by asking, intentionally with a tone of incredulity to my voice:

"You're here, Shelley?" The implied what the fuck came through well.

She looked a little confused and could have shaded towards dismayed, before rolling her eyes as she remembered who she had come to see.

"I can't be home another minute. My folks are driving me crazy. It's been going on since last spring and all summer. Damn Robert. "

Yeah, her folks had it all figured out. Nice conservative Robert takes care of their little girl. I had that one figured out since the first time years ago when I had dropped Shelley off at her house. Her Mom looked at me like I was a feral dog about shit on their rug and hump someone's leg...but not Shelley's! I figured her Mom need a good fucking...her Dad was invisible in this dome of pussy-whipped-ness.

Shelley looked fantastic in a tank top; canvas shorts and flip-flops that showed off her freshly lacquered toes nails. Maybe I could get her to just stand there and let me jerk off...?

I tuned in from my fantasy to hear her say, "Would you come back to my room and hang out with me?"

Trying to find some way to keep my cool and knowing a few things about her since college, I offered a premise.

"If you'll let me bring some Wild Turkey and cokes. How 'bout?"

"I was hoping you were going to offer some refreshments. I'm not really prepared for school yet." She joked, excepting my counter offer.

She noticed that I had been in the middle of changing instruments and acknowledged that by adding," You can take your time if your not done. I'll go back and wait..."

When I said, "I'm done now..." and started packing everything up, she stood there beaming and laughed with a lilt that was all too familiar. Could I really hope to be in her bed tonight, or was this another (un)intentional tease?"

We walked back to my dorm and she waited outside judiciously because of the few other stray band geeks staying the weekend. I quickly packed up the goods including two fat joints stored in a cough drop tin.

We walked to short way back to her dorm. She had the good dorm with four girls to a suite, two bathrooms, a den/TV room and kitchenette with a real refrigerator.

Shelley's "plan" if there was one was perfect. No one was around, so rather than sign me in and leave a paper trail, we just walked in right back to her suite and settled in. 

She played the hostess to the hilt, sat me down, assured me none of her roommates were around rather pointedly and fixed us a couple of bourbon and cokes. She even had pretzels and mixed nuts. I hoped all the trouble was for a good reason.

Seated on opposite sides of a couch that was nearer to the size of a love seat, we were already in close proximity, as we talked about things past, both of our lost loves and sundry things pleasant and unpleasant. I wanted to fuck her in the worst possible way.

I didn't totally begrudge her all the "buddy time" from years past, but redemption would be nice at this point.

After getting us a second round, Shelley got serious and prefaced her question with the offer of a loophole for me to dodge through:

"Mal, if I'm asking about things you don't want to discuss, just tell me...okay?"

I snickered, and said, "What don't you know? We go to a little state school and come from the same hometown...I mean, really, Shel..."

"Okay, you asked for it." she countered, pausing before asking,

"Were you in love with Rhonda, or were you two just..."

I cut her off gently by saying; "I fell in love with her. She was very good for me, in fact she was just what I needed: hot sex, good company and a dose of reality."

It was hard to tell whether Shelley had just figured out she was in over her head with me. Was she sure if she was looking for anything besides a drinking buddy, or whether she had any real understanding of what couples that aren't 'religious' do sometimes late and night? 

The next question Shelley asked told me everything I needed to know.

"So, were you two dating? It was a little hard on some of us when you seemed to go wild last year. Surely you noticed..."

Maybe it was the bourbon, but I've never enjoyed going over the past, even the good times, so I cut her off at the pass again.

"Shelley, I noticed some of my 'friends' acting like I was a quandary or an embarrassment. To your credit, you've been sweet to me. Between the two of us, I understand how not being seen around me could be a good thing."

I let her soak that in. Shelley wasn't a dumb blonde but as far as I knew, she had no real idea about the party crowd either. I continued:

"Rhonda and I had a lot of sex, we drank and smoked a lot pot and hash. I don't regret a moment of it. I know how silly it sounds, but it was the best time I have every had and I feel a lot different for having had the experiences."

"Mal, you just confirmed all the gossip." she said with a grin.

Continuing she asked, "Can I ask another question?"

I nodded and was curios as to what she would ask,..Sex? Or drugs...?

"I have a lot of questions but I'm trying to be polite.", she began, before pausing again.

I gave her the 'bring it' fingers...let's she where this goes...

"Okay. First thing...what's hashish?"

I explained it to her what it was to her and when she still looked puzzled, I clarified by saying I liked to smoke hash before having sex because I thought it gave a longer high than regular grass.

Now she was really confused and her brow furrowed as she asked me:

"But if you love someone and have great sex, why would you need to get high?"

Shelley had to be a virgin.

This went on for a awhile until I made her an offer, partially to settle her down and partially because I was hoping to get a blowjob and at least suck her pussy until she screamed before this little party wrapped up.

"Shelley, you know I have had the 'hots' for you for years, right....? You know that I know you have thought about because, ...well... here I am..." I teased.

She did a great job of blushing and nodding. Before running her hands through her thick head of natural blonde locks and laying things out, as it were.

"Is this the point where you ask me to have sex with you?" she asked.

Shelley chewed her bottom lip for a second as if she wasn't sure what she had said was a good idea to say. She looked at me, as I made sure we had eye contact before I said:

"What I wanted was to kiss you. I have wanted that for a long time." I let that sink in as if she didn't already know I wanted her...for about four years! Then I continued:

"You seem to know way more about my sex life than I do about yours, so I don't see pushing things. I want us to be in a good place no matter what, really...no shit." The best part is when you can say something that might get you laid and you're sincere. I love that shit!

She didn't even stop to think, or most likely already had thought about me. After settling her nearly empty tumbler down on the coffee table shaped object in front of us, she scooted next to me, took away my almost empty drink and she swooped in to kiss me on the lips

The kiss began very sweetly with just her lips on mine and her hand on my chest, mostly used for bracing her self, but caressing me ever so slightly. Her hand migrated to my neck and ear with all of her fingers seeming to find a spots to work on at the same time.

Then the sweet part of that kiss was over. The tip of her tongue teased the back of my top lip with feather light licks before parting my teeth for just a moment. I used my right hand to get under her un-tucked tank top and touch some soft, smooth skin at her waist and up and down her ribs before cupping as much of her left breast as my hand could hold and kneading it through her bra.

Damn, this was going well. Shelley leaned into my touch and moaned into to my mouth ever so softly. I started to think that she might be getting a good fucking soon. It was about this time that my thumb found it's way under her bra and I got my first tentative feel of Shelley's impress rack. 

My intention was to run my thumb up underneath her sturdy tit sling and see if I could get a feel of the underside of her tit. At just the moment her bra cup slipped up a bit, my thumb bumped into the clasp at the front. Having no real thought that I actually could, I tried to pop the clasp open. I was rewarded with the front of her bra popping open from the strain it was under as it released her tit into my hand.

Shelley stopped kissing me and fooled for a second into thinking that I had just fucked up. It was quite the opposite situation. My handful of her tit motivated her to change positions. Shelley quick as a flash glanced over her shoulder at the door as if she was checking the lock and somehow whipped off her tank top and bra in the same motion before she straddled my lap. 

I have to admit I was fixated on her tan lined, freckled melons and the un-tanned triangles of tit flesh that framed her hard, pokey nipples. They disappeared into the palms of my hands as I rubbed her tits. Shelley's lips parted before tilted her head back and gave in to my massage of her way more than a handful of tits.

She surprised me by reaching down and giving my cock a squeeze before leaning in to kiss me more. When we broke the kiss, I had to say it:

"Going back for more, hunh? I knew you knew what you were doing that night."

She didn't give me the answer I expected, instead, Shelley scooted forward a little and settled her still clothed pussy right on top of my cock. Some where in the bumping, grinding, kissing and rubbing, my shirt came off and we were halfway naked, body to body. It was nice having Shelley grind us together as she rubbed those tits and pointy nipples all over my face, lips and chest.

I grabbed her by the hips to slow her down a bit and explained my situation to her.

"Shel, I don't care for cumming in my pants. What's it gonna be? Get naked and smoke a joint, or smoke a joint and get naked? Maybe in bed?" I teased.

"Really? You have pot?" Shelley asked in an excited but whispered voice.

Mocking her gently, I said in a loud voice, "Don't be so loud. Everyone will want some!"

What occurred next was the funniest part of the evening. Shelley's sitting on my cock topless and doing a ass covering explanation about "being a good girl" that hasn't smoked pot, had barely done as much as we had so far and just as I thought, "never gone all the way."

Never skirting a chance to fuck up a good situation, I asked her, " How much of that do you want to get taken care of tonight?"

Not answering me except by her actions, she got off my lap and made the gesture of helping me up before saying:

"Let's go to my bedroom and we can get high and figure out something..."

I reached into my backpack and found the metal cough drop tin that held a small box of matches and two joints of some good, rich, smooth pot. I had heard Shelley step into the bathroom at the end of her side of the suite and use the toilet. She stepped out of the bathroom mostly naked, minus the shorts but with her panties, which were a pale shade of green with white lace.

She took my hand, tiptoed up to kiss me and pulled me into her small, private bedroom.

I was surprised at how functional and un-girly it was. I remember thinking that I had way more extra stuff in my dorm room.

I handed her the tin and dropped my shorts and underwear. Shelley looked at my cock as if she had never seen one before. Saying, "Be right back..." I let her hang for a second and retrieved one of the empty coke cans to use for the ash.

We went right to her bed for a few more rubs and kisses. After which we settled in with me sitting up with a pillow or two behind my back and her snuggled up against me. It took us a while to burn the first joint down, as she was new to any kind of smoking. I lead her through the whole deal, first "shot gunning" her before letting her take several real hits.

By the time we were down to the nub, she had adopted very calm and placid gaze. I started wondering I had let her hit it too hard. Waking up in bed together sometime later tonight or in the morning, wouldn't be the worst thing and might actual be the right speed for Shelley.

For a moment, I wasn't sure what to expect until Shelley changed positions, wrapped her left hand around my cock as she started to gently wank my cock and kiss me more. This went along just fine with me reaching down to squeeze her ass as I kissed her from behind her ear, down her neck and across her collarbone.

Taking a break from kissing, but not from stroking my cock, Shelley explained to me that "Now I know what having a "buzz" means."

Her kissing and talking became more animated as she informed me of her next move.

"I'm gonna kiss your cock!" 

Down her head went and for a few minutes she kissed, licked and sucked me pretty gently except for taking most of my length into her mouth and applying suction until I grabbed a handful of her and instead of seeing if she could get the last two or so inches, I pulled her head off my cock and mentioned to her:

" Shelley, if you keep doing that I'll cum right in your mouth."

I thought she needed to know, ya know?

She put her mouth back over my cock and continued putting the big suck on me. Liking the handful of thick, blonde hair thing a little two much, I grabbed a handful again and started her short stroking me as to barely bob her head. That was going to be plenty enough to get me off at that point.

Her tits felt great as they rubbed against my thigh. Greedy son of bitch gave I am, I was thinking about the next time and how she would have to get wrapped around one of my legs and rest one of those full, heavy tits on my ball sack. 
