 I want to be led into a softly lit room and to sit in a comfortable chair.

I want my lover to be dressed in something feminine but screaming of sex. Black lace. I want it short and tight. I want it to follow her curves. I want it to cover everything but still reveal her beauty.

I want her to lay on me while I sit in the chair. I want to feel her body rest along mine, her breasts pressing into me, her legs wrapped around mine. I want her to smell of woman and perfume. I want to inhale her smell at the point where her neck meets her chest. I want to feel and smell her hair while I kiss her there. I want to press my face between her breasts and kiss her there. I want to feel the heat of her skin and the lace against my face. I want to smell her again, woman and the perfume.

I want her to kiss my face with an open mouth. I want to feel the heat of her breath as she wetly kisses my mouth, my cheek, and my neck. I want to feel her tongue on my skin. I want to hear her breathe. I want to hear her tell me how excited she is, what her body is doing at that exact moment and how desperate she is for what I can provide.

I want her to stand before me and seductively remove her clothes. I want her eyes to never leave mine. I want her eyes to tell me how completely she is aroused in anticipation for what will happen. I want her to talk to me the entire time, reinforcing what I already know. When she is naked, I want to see her rub her hands over her entire body as if they were my own. I want her to use her hands like she would want me to use mine on her body. I want to see the lips of her mouth glisten with moisture. I want her to show me that her other lips are as equally wet.

While she still stands before me, I want her to slip her hands between her legs. I want her to slowly draw them up along her body, leaving wet lines up to her breasts. I want to see her wet her nipples to erection. I want to see slippery streaks up her neck and to her lips. I want her to tease me with her own lips on her fingers, wet with her juices. I want her to tell me how exquisite the treat is and that she wants me to taste her for myself.

I want her to approach me. I want her to take my hands and guide me from the chair. I want her to hug me. I want to feel her lips at my ear. I want to hear her describe exactly what it is that she is doing at that very moment. I want her to tell me that she is sliding her hands again into her body and then removing them. I want our faces to be just inches away when she brings her wet fingers to her mouth. I want her to talk to me while she slides them across her lips. I want her to kiss me again. I want to inhale the scent of her pussy. I want to taste the sweetness of her cum on her lips. I want saliva to drip from our mouths.

I want her to look into my eyes when our kiss ends. I want her to slowly remove my clothes. I want her to talk to me about every part of my body that she uncovers. I want to hear how excited she can be when she just thinks about me.

I want her to kiss every part of me as she removes my clothes. I want her to tell me what she wants me to do with every exposed part of my body. I want her to tell me what she wants me to do with my tongue, my lips, my chest, my arms, my hands, my fingers, my stomach, my legs, my cock, and my balls. I also want to hear what she will do to them.

I want her to guide me to the bed but still have me stand. I want her to lay on the bed. I want her to please herself in front of me. I want her to describe every sensation of her body, both internal and external. I want to see every evidence of her excitement. I want her to be aroused by the very act of showing this all to me.

I want her to touch herself as she would want me to. I want to watch her hands caress her breasts and tease her nipples to erection. I want her to spread her legs for me to show me the delicate folds of her pussy. I want to see it glisten with wetness. I want her to rub herself through her moisture, making the same noises that we will make when I am insider her. I want her to spread her wetness all over herself, insisting that after she comes, I am to lick her entire body. I want to see her glisten to the point of orgasm. I want her to scream her passion and her feelings while she comes with her fingers deep inside her pussy.

When her orgasm is finished, I want her to reach to me, her hands dripping at the ends of her outstretched arms. I want her to beg me to kiss her. I want her to beg me to lick her. I want her to beg me to suck on her pussy. I want her to beg me to fuck her.

I want to go to her. I want to fall down upon her. I want my dripping cock to press invitingly at her opening. I want her to put her cum covered fingers in my mouth. I want to suck and lick every remnant of her cum from her hands. I want her to plead with me to press into her. I want to see the desperation in her eyes. I want her to beg me to move just that much closer and enter her and fill her completely. I want to kiss her mouth while she still pleads with me. I want to move the head of my cock around her opening to tease her further. I want to press it in just every slow slightly and them withdraw it again. I want to rub the head against her burning clitoris. I want to bring her to the brink of another orgasm and yet not enter her.

I want to ask her if she wants my tongue. I want to hear her exclaim, YES! I want to hear her say it again and again and again.

I want to slip down her body but stop at her breasts. I want to run my tongue over her nipples, the roughness bringing them to their final state of arousal. I want to feel them harden in my mouth. I want drip my saliva on them and slide the tip of my tongue over them. I want to cradle her breast in my hands while I kiss them. I want to feel them full and warm in my hands.

I want lick down her body from between her breasts. I want to taste the remains of her wetness that she left there before. I want to constantly taste and smell her.

I want to kiss the inside of her thigh. I want to press my nose against that soft union of her leg and abdomen. I want to feel my face become wet with her juices. I want my sense of smell to be overwhelmed with her scent. I want to see pearls of wetness cling to her lips. I want to see it seep from her opening. I want to see it trickle down to her anus. I want to lick it all before I seek the source. I want to suck in one lip and then the other. I want to feel the firm rubbery texture with my tongue. I want to pull at it gently. I want to hear her tell me that I am doing exactly what she wants me to do. I want to hear her tell me what to do next.

I want to lick outside of her lips and then down over her opening. I want to do it over and over again, each time giving that much more attention to her clitoris. I want to finally thrust my extended tongue deep into her pussy and I want to hear the breath escape from her lungs. I want to lick and suck and taste her on the inside. I want to feel her squeeze and grab at my tongue. I want to rub my upper lip against her clitoris while I fuck her with my tongue. I want to hear that I am doing exactly what she wants me to do. I want to hear her tell me that she wants to come again. I want to hear her scream that her orgasm is approaching.

I want to feel her clitoris become instantly rigid at the moment of her orgasm. I want to feel her orgasm on my tongue. I want to feel every spasm on my tongue. I want to feel my entire face become wet with her cum. I want her cum to literally drip from me. I want to feel it warm on my lips, on my cheeks, on my chin.

I want to stay between her legs even after she has come. I want to lick her still but much more slowly. I want to breathe in the smell of her cum. I want to lick the droplets that leave her twitching opening. I want to always have her taste on my tongue. I want to stay exactly like that until she tells me she is ready. I want to lick and nibble at her pussy until she tells me that she must have my cock inside her now. I want to keep licking and teasing until she begs me to fuck her.

I want to slowly rise up and lay on her again. I want her to look at my face. I want her to look at the amount of cum that still clings to me. I want a droplet to hang from my nose and another from my chin. I want to drop them on her body. I want her to know how wonderful I feel. I want her to know how much I love her smell and her taste.

I want to tell her to take hold of my cock. I want to tell her, with her cum clinging to my face, that I want to be inside her. I want her to tell me that she wants that also. I want to feel her hands on my cock. I want to feel them on my balls.

I want her to look into my very soul and whisper, “fuck me.”

I want to collapse on her. I want my cock to effortlessly find its mark. I want it to slip deep within her. I want to feel it surrounded by the moist recesses of her pussy. I want to feel it press against her cervix. At the very moment that my cock enters her pussy, I want my tongue to enter her mouth. I want to fuck her mouth with my cum covered tongue and I want to fuck her pussy with my cum covered cock.

I want to fuck her slowly at first but with ever increasing speed. I want her to draw her legs up so my penetration can be the deepest. I want to hear the wet sound of us fucking. I want to hear the juices as they saturate us. I want to feel my balls get wet with her juices. I want to feel my legs get wet with her juices. I want to look down and see my cock part her lips and disappear into her body. I want to pause for a moment and slowly withdraw. I want to see the head of my cock, swollen and red, covered with wetness. I want to watch for a moment while precum presses out of the tip, dangles in a syrupy strand, and enters her open and wet pussy.

I want to enter her again, quickly. I want her to gasp with a partial orgasm. I want to start fucking her again. I want to thrust into her with ever increasing speed. I want to watch her breasts bounce with each thrust. I want her to gasp at each thrust.

While I am fucking her, I want to tell her how good it feels to me. I want to tell her how wonderful it feels to have my cock so deep inside her pussy. I want to tell her how wonderful it feels to have her juices and cum all over us both. 

While I am thrusting in and out of her, I want to tell her how much I enjoyed sucking at her pussy. I want to tell her how much I love the taste and smell of her cum. I want to tell her how much I want her to come right now. I want to tell her how much I want to slid my tongue back into her pussy after I have fucked her and made her come again.

While I fuck her, I want to tell her how much I want to have my cock in her mouth. I want to tell her how wonderful it feels to have her beautiful lips around my cock. I want to tell her how wonderful it is, knowing that I am leaving precum on her tongue as she sucks me deep into her mouth. I want to tell her how much I love feeling her tongue slide all around my cock when it is in her mouth. I want to tell her how much I enjoy watching my cock move between her lips. 

While I am fucking her just to the point of her climax, I want to tell her how wonderful it feels when I am coming with my cock deep in her mouth. I want to tell her how wonderful it feels when thick streams of cum spurt from my cock and I can feel it surround my cock inside her mouth. I want to tell her how wonderful if feel when my cock has filled her mouth to the point that my cum has nowhere else to go. I want to tell her how wonderful it looks when my cum presses out of her mouth and starts to coat her chin.

As her orgasm approaches, I want her to tell me that she enjoys everything that I have said. I want her to tell me that she loves the taste of my precum while she sucks my cock. I want to hear her tell me that she loves feeling my cock swell deep inside her mouth. I want to hear her tell me that she love to watch cum squirt out of my cock. I want her to tell me that she loves feeling my hot thick cum in her mouth. I want her to tell that she love feeling it slide out around her lips. I want her to tell me how much she loves having my cum drip from her face and dangle to her breasts. I want her to tell me how much she enjoys showing me the cum that is in her mouth and on her body. I want her to tell me that when I am finished fucking her, that is exactly what we will do.

I want her to reach between us and hold my wet balls in her hands while I continue to fuck her. I want to add my hand to hers while I thrust my cock in and out of her pussy. I want us to feel how wet we both are. I want us both to feel just how hard my cock is. I want us both to touch the very point where my cock enters her body. I want us both to rub my precum and her juices all over our mouths while we fuck. I want to fuck her mouth with my cum covered tongue. I want her to fuck my mouth with her cum covered tongue.

I want her to come. I want her to scream that she is coming. I want her to yell that my cock feels so good inside her. I want her to shout that she does not want me to stop. I want her to scream for me to keep fucking her.

I want her to tighten up as she comes. I want her to look deep into my eyes while she comes, her face still wet. I want her to wrap her arms around me tightly while her body spasms in orgasm. I want to her face to turn red with the release of tension and the explosion of orgasm. I want to feel her pussy grab my cock and draw it in as deep as humanly possible. I want to feel her come. 

I want to feel her cum. I want to feel her cum spray from her pussy. I want to feel it coat my lower abdomen. I want to feel it drip from my balls. I want to feel it slide along my cock. I want to feel all of this all through her orgasm.

I want her to hold me. I want her to hug me. I want her to tell me how wonderful she feels. I want her to tell me how wonderful it feels to still have my cock deep into her pussy. I want her to tell me that she loves the way I fuck her.

With my cock deep in her pussy, I want to feel the diminishing twinges of her waning orgasm. I want to tell her that I can feel her cum all over us. I want to tell her that I must taste her again. I want to tell her that I must smell her again. I want to tell her that I must look at her again. I want to tell her that I want to look into her pussy again and see her cum. I want to tell her that I want to feel her cum on my face and tongue again.

I want to move down on her again but this time in the 69 position. I want my face between her legs again. I want to see her fucked pussy. I want to see her open. I want to see deep inside her body. I want to see how wet she is. I want to taste how wet she is. I want to taste how sweet she is.

I want her to tell me that she can see that my cock is all wet with her cum. I want her to tell me that she can smell her cum on me on my balls. I want to her to tell me that she wants to suck her cum from my cock.

I want to feel her hold my wet balls in her hands. I want to feel her draw me down to her. I want to feel her breath on my wet cock. I want to feel her wet lips on my wet cock. I want to feel my wet cock slowly slide deep into her wet mouth and along her wet tongue. I want to feel my wet cock rest at the back of her throat. I want put my tongue as deep into her pussy as my cock is in her mouth. I want to fuck her pussy with my tongue and I want to fuck her mouth with my cock.

I want to feel her hands at my face. With my cock still in her mouth, I want to hear her say that she cannot stand to come again. With my cock in her mouth, I want to hear her say that she wants to make me come. I want to feel her guide me up from between her legs.

I want her to guide me so that I am straddling her chest. I want us both to look at how wet and hard my cock is. I want us to watch precum ooze from the tip and stretch down to her breasts. I want to watch her slide my slippery liquid on her nipples. I want to watch her slide my slippery liquid on her lips. I want to kiss her nipples. I want to kiss her fingers. I want to kiss her lips.

I want to watch my cock go in and out of her mouth. I want her to tell me how much she loves to suck on my cock. I want her to tell me that she will make me come like this. I want to watch her saliva drip from her mouth, mixed with my precum, as if it where my semen. I want to watch her dribble wetness on her chest and her breasts. I want to hear her say that she wants me to fuck her breasts.

I want to slide my wet cock through the wetness that she has spread on her breasts and chest. I want slide my cock between her breasts just like I slid in and out of her pussy. I want her to tell me that she loves to watch my cock while I fuck her breasts. I want her to tell me that she loves it when I fuck her pussy. I want her to tell me that she loves it when I fuck her mouth.

I want her to place her hands between her legs. I want us both to slide our fingers into her pussy. I want us both to slide her cum over her nipples and her chest and my cock. I want her to smile at me when I “accidentally” put her cum in her mouth. I want her to smile at me when she intentionally puts her cum in my mouth.

I want her to hold my ass and guide me to her face. I want to look down and see my cock, wet with saliva and cum, slide over her face, leaving it smeared and wet. I want to look down and see her suck on my wet balls. I want to feel her suck on my wet balls. 

I want her to tell me to come now. I want her to tell me that I must come now. I want her to tell me that she wants to feel me come now. I want her to tell me that she wants to taste my cum now.

I want to come now. I want to put my cock back into her mouth. I want to watch her suck on it. I want her to moan and coo with each thrust into her mouth. I want my cock to feel each moan and coo with each thrust into her mouth.

I want to fuck her mouth faster and faster. I want to watch saliva drip from her mouth. I want to tell her that I am about to come. I want her to moan that she wants me to come.

I want my back to arch. I want my hips to thrust forward. I want my head to lay back. I want my legs to tighten. I want my stomach to tense. I want my cock to swell. I want to feel the base of my cock expand. I want to feel the first great spasm move up the length of my cock. I want to feel that first great spasm move past her lips. I want that first great spasm to release the first great burst of cum deep into her mouth.

I want her to open her mouth. I want to see her mouth still filled with my cock. I want to see her mouth still filled with cum. I want to see my cum coat her tongue. I want to see my white thick cum coat the walls of her mouth.

I want the second spasm to race up the length of my cock. I want to see the second spasm release the second burst of thick cum. I want to see that second stream of cum enter her mouth, splashing her teeth, splashing her tongue, and splashing the roof of her mouth.

I want the third spasm to race up the length of my cock. I want to see the third spasm release the third burst of cum. I want to see the third stream of cum streak between her breasts and run up her neck to her chin.

I want to release a fourth and a fifth eruption of cum but now deep in her mouth. I want her to look deep into my eyes while I again fill her mouth to overflowing. I want to remain in her mouth. I want to remain in her cum filled mouth. I want to look down at her cum slicked mouth, her cum covered chin, her cum streaked neck, and her cum blotched breasts. I want to stay in her mouth until the very last twitch, the very last twinge, the very last shudder is finished.

I want to slowly slide my cock from her mouth. I want her to look into my eyes and have her smile a sticky smile at me. I want her to coo because of the warm taste of my cum in her mouth. I want to watch her tongue move through the white ejaculate. I want to watch her tongue press my cum out over her lips. I want to watch my thinning cum leave her mouth just like it would have left her pussy. I want to see it slide down her neck and onto her chest. I want to watch it pool in the recesses of her neck and between her breasts.
