 The idea for these narratives started as talks with my wife about my sex drive vs. hers. She holds the viewpoint that I am somewhat overly focused on sex at our age, which is for us, early our 50s. We have had many discussions and comparing of experiences, what it all actually accomplished is yet to be seen.

What I Learned in College- Chapter 4.3 – Playing with Liz –

After having my balls fucked of by Janice and Liz, I did get a good night's sleep. I did have another thing I didn't want to muss that weekend. If everyone was true to form, my folks would sleep in until after 9 and My Grandmother would be up and out in the sunroom drinking coffee and if I was lucky, there would be homemade biscuits.

Everything was as it should be at 7:30 that Saturday morning. There was a fresh pot of old school, percolated coffee to which I added a wee dram of rye whiskey and Grandma was out in the sunroom, biscuits, butter and peach preserves at the ready.

"I was thinkin' you had to sleep in from bein' out so late." She said, rolling her eyes for comedy's sake rather than condemnation. The little bit of teasing done with, she continued: "I'm glad your up. I want to here all about your date with Janice."

I told her the appropriate bits and left out the parts about after the date and fucking both girls. She knew way more than she let on about how it was to be young and knew that in her day, I would have passed for being wild. That didn't keep us from having a long talk that called for coffee refills for us both.

What did shock me is that knowing I had been out with Janice and was playing a memorial service with Liz shortly that morning, Grandma offered up a plan for me.

"You should take Liz someplace nice for lunch. She's a sweet girl and in way, your oldest friend. I know you two are good for each other. Are you sure you don't want to change schools for next fall?" she offered.

I have to say that I thought for a second about saying, "Grandma, that a damn good idea! I just found out Janice and Liz want to live off campus and the rent would be cheaper with three, than two. I bet they'd like having a guy around for safety and fixin' things..."

That would have been fun.

What I said was; "You so right. Liz is good company and it's gonna be a long summer so we should have some fun after playing a funeral...geez!"

I got an "all part of the plan" smile form Grandma and just so I knew she still didn't miss anything, as got I got up to go get ready, she suggested that I stop on my way home and pick up another bottle of whiskey, adding, "You're gonna need that while your home."

After getting cleaned up and dressed, warming up my trombone and lips and managing to get out of the house without really talking to my Mom, thankfully, I was one the way to pick up Liz. Liz cleared the front door of her folks place before I could even come to a stop and get out of the car.

I got out and opened the door for her after getting a good look at her walking towards me in pumps, a just below the knees black dress and black and white summer weight sweater that worn by itself, would have had been called "see through". 

Liz also had a little black purse, a pair of dark shades and her up in a tight French braid. I had never seen her do that with her hair. Even after the night before, my cock was uncomfortably hard by the time she made it to the car. I hoped Liz missed that detail.

When I cheerfully said, "Good morning, hon." , so as to be familiar with her and see what her reaction might be, I got a surprise.

"Oh, fuck!" was Liz's reply. Sometimes I know when to keep my mouth shut and that's what I did. I got her door closed got in the car and headed for the church. All I did was breath and hope it wasn't all about me.

"Mal, I'm sorry about that. I want to talk with you about why I'm pissed, and by the way, You have nothing to do with this bullshit. I need to get my head together and get the performance done. "kay?"

Once again, not being an idiot and enjoying my reprieve, I said to Liz,

"Whatever you need, I in."

"Good. I hope you're not busy this afternoon because this may take awhile and I'm in no hurry to be back home." Liz continued.

"I'm all yours..." I offered.

Getting back to what I had always thought was a charming level of bluntness, Liz looked at me over her shades as she answered; 

"Really? All mine? I guess I did get some of what was up Janice's ass when I got there last night." She declared.

"Liz, I'll fuck you in the ass if will improve your attitude. But I think I'll have do do you harder than I did Janice..." I said, pushing the boundaries as always.

"You'll always have to do me harder than Janice, she's a princess and a cupcake. I should know, right? How in hell did you get her to let you...never mind." She finished, shaking her head in continuing disbelief at what she had seen Janice and I doing.

By the time we got to the church, we had cut all the bullshit and we both were all business. There's nothing interesting to telling about playing at a memorial service. It's always the longest hour and a little more of my life because I hate funerals. We played the requested piece, made up a version of a favorite hymn requested at the last minute and got through the service with our usual grace and panache.

We got paid before the service and Liz was handed an extra envelope after for doing the request. A graceful escape was made as soon as the thanks you and hand shaking was accomplished. 

When we got to my car, Liz flopped into the passenger seat as if she was exhausted. After closing the passenger door, I got in and got us away from the church, hoping that better things were ahead for the afternoon.

I wasn't sure I was going to get my wish because we were barely down the road when Liz let out a big sigh and said, "Fuck, I hate anything like a funeral. I hate churches, ministers and all that shit. Fuck it all!"

I kept my mouth shut. Liz didn't need me to second her rant; she was practically quoting me anyway. Before I could get up the nerve to ask, Liz told me what she wanted.

"Take us to the Bellman House." She requested.

The Bellman house was an old 1870s era hotel that, as was the practice back then, had a restaurant and now possessed a nice "salon" with an antique brass bar. Liz's Uncle had conceived of the renovation of the building and most of her family had invested in the project such that as a group, they held a 60% interest in the place. What that got Liz was run of the place and occasional trips to the bar, even though we were slightly under age.

We made it into the bar and Liz, after settling her things, excused herself and asked me to order us drinks. My concentration on her swaying ass was broken by the waitress's arrival and query as to what she could get for us.

"Irish whiskey and soda for me and Bourbon and a touch of 7up for the lady please."

I answered to the hot blonde waitress who had to be at least five years older than the two of us. She was attractive, but Liz put her in the shade several ways.

Liz came back just as our drinks were arriving. She had shed her sweater and now I could she her dress much better. What I could see much better was Liz's cleavage every time she leaned over. Her slender built, the cut of the dress and her generous tits guaranteed a great view. After the night before, she knew what she was doing. I wasn't so self-deluded as to think she hadn't known I would have been hers a long time ago. All she would have had to have to have done was ask.

I wasn't sure I really wanted a drink at noontime, but I didn't see the point in letting Liz drink alone. Liz was sure. She sat down, looked at me with decisive gaze that I wasn't sure how to read and took a sip of her drink. Well, I thought it was going to be a sip, but what actually happened was that Liz downed half the tumbler of Bourbon and 7 and finished her show with a "Whew, I needed that."

I took a sip or two of my drink and continued to let Liz set the pace of our not as of yet initiated conversation on the topic of her discontent. I have to admit that I was concerned about how much of her concerns could be pegged to my actions. But what else do you consider when you're a self-concerned 20 year old?

Liz took a second run at her drink and finished it, got the bartender attention and motioned for another one for her self and not for me. The question was would I wish I'd had another before long?

My patience was expended and so was my tact. I heard myself saying, "Liz, can you tell me what going on before you get totally loaded?" and wishing I hadn't asked. Her gaze fixed on me with I look I had seen before that said, "Really,..okay..."

She finally began clueing me, saying:

"My Mom got had breakfast ready when I got home this morning. She wanted to 'talk'.

What she actually wanted was to ask me why I don't have a boyfriend and why I haven't really ever had one. Malcolm, she asked me if I'm a lesbian and if Janice is my girlfriend."

This was the point at which I wished for my sake I wasn't in this. I'd just found out that she and Janice were having sex. The fact that it hadn't kept either one of them from fucking me was very clear to me, but still sort of a crazy thing at the same time. 

Not really being that helpful, I asked, "What did you say? Surely you didn't..."

"Tell her the truth?" Liz cut in. "Oh, hell no. That was the last thing my Mom would understand. My Aunt had never been married, but no one talks about it. We have really religious folks on both sides of our family. It's just not spoken of."

"So?" I asked.

'Look, Mal. I was in a panic. I told her I meet you last night and that we have been sort of flirting with the idea of being a couple for a while. You're my boyfriend. Congrats!"

she explained, smiling the smile of someone who thinks they're in deep shit and hoping for the best.

"So are we engaged?" I asked, hoping it didn't sound too sarcastic.

"Not yet. But maybe by the 4th you'll pop the question." Liz answered. I had sounded too sarcastic and she was more than my match in such exchanges.

"I'm glad you're not uptight about pre-marital sex. Than can be a real problem in some relationships." Oh, shit...I said that out loud. It was the most terse remark I had ever said to Liz in a straight voice that could be read as a little angry. Lots of things had being said in teasing, but this was different.

I was thinking about being home for Christmas during our first year apart at college. I went by the see Liz and drop off a present and she had surprised me by taking advantage of my holiday spirit and slipping me the tongue right at her front door. Her Mom saw out embrace and backed down the hall motioning for me to ignore her. Liz's Mom was beaming at the idea of the two of us being that happy to see each other. Perfect.

How many times had someone, usually one of our mutual friends asked if we were together and how many times had either of us dismissed it as a "professional" relationship? Too many to recall and yet here we were, a convenient couple.

"Well, so I cover your ass again, hunh?" I offered, being an insensitive fuckhead. It probably would have been time for me to take stock of my personal responsibility for two serious relationships that fell through in as many years.

Liz's second drink had come where in the middle of the telling of the morning's tale.

She hit it hard again before saying:

"Mal, don't bust my balls, oaky? I lied to Mom and fells like shit even if it's the right thing to do. What was I going to say? 'Well, Mom...Janice and I aren't full on Lesbos, but I do like eating her pussy sometimes.' That'd go over great." She opined with a full rolling of her eyes.

"I'm sorry. This has been a lot to take in on short notice." I offered.

"You're not thinking right. You're still fucked out from last night. That's why you can't think of anything smart to say. You've never had it so good." 

Now who was busting whose balls? 

Liz's Bourbon must have kicked in because she was back to being a smartass instead of a manic-depressive. She reached into a small pocket of the side of her dress that I hadn't even seen and from that pocket produced a key with a numbered brass tag, which she proceeded to toss onto the table as she looked up with a Cheshire cat smile.

"A good boyfriend would take me upstairs and fuck me silly." She challenged.

"I'm glad you got that key before you downed both those drinks. You won't be able to blame this on being drunk later." I retorted, picking up the key.

Having been here before with Liz, I assumed our drinks were 'comped' and let the waitress see me drop a twenty on the table as we departed. It was just good form if nothing else and we might need a drink later.

If I had any doubts about it, Liz's actions in the elevator let me know that her inhibitions were fairly low. We were in the space with an older couple that acknowledged us, but didn't engage in conversation. Maybe they were excited to get back to their room, who knew? 

Anyway, Liz stood in front of me and with her hand that was opposite the other couple, fondled my cock and balls from the first to third floors. I got hard quickly even after cumming several times the night before. Being 20ish is a great time to do a lot of fucking. No responsibilities, no worries and in this case no concerns about where this was going. Surely Liz was just using me for cock and a cover story, right?

My suit coat hid the tent pole Liz had raised in my pants. I was glad I had thought better of leaving in my car. I was thinking about throwing Liz on the bed or over a convenient couch arm, pulling her panties to the side and railing her, but we had all afternoon. Why fuck like horny college kids?

I had picked up the key and held on to at since Liz had questioned my usefulness as a boyfriend. At least I could open doors and drive her around. 

I didn't expect what happened next and most certainly lost the initiative to Liz. I don't know what I thought I was going to do, but Liz had a clear plan. By the time I turned around from closing the door, she had dropped her purse and sweater right on the floor, hitched up her dress and stepped out of her pumps in preparation to climb up me like a wild ass monkey. I had no choice but to drop the key I was holding and figure out how to get a hold of her.

Liz, at 5"-4' on a good day and maybe 120 lbs. or so, with a good bit of that weight being her 34-C tits was no problem for me to support. I had to hands full of her very slightly and pleasingly plump ass. She was kissing my face and neck and slipping her tongue into my mouth while running her hands through my hair and going after my tie and shirt.

Stepping carefully over her hallway full of obstacles, I felt her wrap her arms around my neck and hang tight to me. When I sat her on the edge of the four-poster bed, she seemed to have calmed down a bit before leaning forward to kiss my hard cock through my dress slacks. There are advantaged to being dressed mostly in black. I was sure most of her light application of lipstick was smeared on my face, neck and shirt collar. What the hell, it was just a dry cleaning bill.

Liz might have been thinking I was about to take charge. I know I was looking at her like a man deciding where to start on favorite food. She couldn't let her control issues rest and took next to no time to reach for my zipper, which I rebuffed gently by way of placing her hands at her sides. That got her attention!

I opened my fly and fished my cock out and let it point towards her face. At that moment I was thinking, "Suck it, Liz!" and would have been glad to explain to her that she had come into Janice's pool area at just the right time, a lot of the fore play had been done and redone. Even with that, Janice had been her submissive "fluffer" and sucked me hard for Liz's benefit.

Maybe Liz read my mind? More than likely, sucking my cock was the obvious thing to do, so she did. As much as Liz had taken control the night before and rode me to orgasm, she was approaching blowing me somewhat tentatively. 

I wasn't really surprised. I knew her well and until last night would have thought her a virgin. It might have been that she had way more experience going down on Janice than sucking cock, but she was warming up to the task.

Saying to her, "Just sit there." I stepped back and starting shedding my clothes. Liz thought to do the same and I continued to play with her saying, "No."

She started to speak and I shook my head 'No" without speaking. Now she was puzzled and I wanted her that way.

Stepping in a closer than before, I put a hand to the back of her headed and guided it back to my cock. She played along. That might have been the point at which she could have regained some control, but her not even trying had my attention and had me wondering how far I could push her. 

Talking another half step forward simultaneously put my cock head to the back of her mouth and let me reach over her torso and undo the nicely hidden zip at the back of her sleeveless black dress. The zipper ran all the way down to the small of her back. I undid it with one hand after getting it started and kept my other hand at the back of Liz's head.

My cock wasn't nearly down her throat but I could feel her gag on it a bit and hear her muffled "mmpfff" signaling a bit distress. I eased back a bit and slowly parted her dress pulling off her shoulders and getting another look at Liz's lightly tanned back. The strapless bra had to go, so it did. After undoing the catches and removing it, I flung away with a flourish.

With my cock still being lovingly sucked by Liz when I wasn't blatantly fucking her face and her dress around her waist so I could see those full tits and hard brown nipples, there was another step to take.

When Liz lifted her hip of the bed to pull her dress down over her hips, I eased her off the bed and onto her knees in front of me. In that position, she was the right height to take my cock in her mouth, so I held her with a handful of hair in one hand and my other hand steadying her at the shoulder and fucked her face. 

She was quite a picture with my cock in her mouth, her left hand holding her tit firmly and her other hand hiding somewhere in her panties, no doubt. It wasn't going to be long until I unloaded. Pulling most of my cock out of her mouth and catching her eyes open and gazing at me for a sign, I told her to "Suck my knob and tongue the underside."

She complied and in about a minute the first shot of cum jetted across her tongue to her surprise and my satisfaction. Rather than shove my cock into her mouth deeply again, I grabbed my cock with the hand that had been at her shoulder and shot tow more spurts. One fell across her chin and neck and the second I aimed purposefully at her right nipple and breast. I didn't exactly right my initials on her, but I marked her well.

I step back and admired my work. Liz was stunned. When she looked down at her right tit, she got to see the cum drip from her nipple and soil the lining of her dress right before more dripped from her chin and spattered down to finish the job of splooging the entire inside front of her dress. 

Liz looked up at me in disbelief saying, "I feel really slutty. You came all over me."

"I missed a few spots, but I'm just getting started, Liz. Welcome to having a real boyfriend." I said with a chuckle before telling her to, "Sit still. I got this."

I stepped into the bathroom and wet a wash clothe with warm water from the tap. Bringing a hand towel, I washed Liz's face and got most of the jizz from the lining of her dress. She was beaming at me like I was doing her a big favor. I don't think "You never really know someone until you cum on their face" is going to be on a bumper sticker, but it can be a defining moment among lovers and friends.
