 I would absolutely love to eat your pussy now. A pussy is the most beautiful thing in the world. There is nothing that makes a woman more unique than her pussy. I know. I've seen plenty of them. They come in all different sizes, colors and shapes; some are tucked inside like a little girl's cunnie and some have thick luscious lips that come out to greet you. Some are nested in brushes of fur and others are covered with transparent fuzz. I appreciate a woman's unique qualities and love to tell her what makes her special. Women are a good deal more verbal than men, especially during love-making. They also respond more to verbal love, which means, the more you talk to her, the easier it will be to get her off. So while I'm petting and stroking your beautiful pussy, I'll tell you about it. I will carefully look at it. I'll gently pull the lips apart and look at your inner lips, I might even lick them if you want to. Then I'll spread the tops of your pussy up until I can find your clit. Women have clits in all different sizes, just like guys have different sized cocks. When I touch your pussy, I'll make sure my finger is wet. I'll lick it or moisten it with juices from inside you. I'll wet it before I touch your clit because I know it doesn't have any juices of it's own and it's extremely sensitive. 

But I will not want to touch your clit anyway now. I'll work up to that. I'll approach your pussy slowly. Women, even more so than men, love to be teased. The inner part of her thigh is her most tender spot. I'll lick it, kiss it, make designs on it with the tip of my tongue. I'll come dangerously close to your pussy, then float away. Make you anticipate it. Then I'll lick the crease where your leg joins your pussy. I'll nuzzle my face into your bush. I'll brush my lips over your slit without pressing down on it to further excite you. After this to you'll probably be bucking up from your seat and you'll be straining to get more of me closer to you, then I'll put my lips right on top of your slit, kiss you, gently, then harder. Now use I'll use my tongue to separate your pussy lips and when you open up, my tongue will go up and down between the layers of pussy flesh. I'll gently spread your legs more, gently. Then I'll tongue-fuck you. It will be divine. You'll be moaning and writhing because you'll want some attention to be given to your clit. I'll check out your clit... 

It will probably be hard enough to peek out of it's covering. If so, I'll lick it. If I still can't see it, it might still be waiting underneath. So I'll bring my tongue up to the top of your slit and feel for your clit. If I can't feel the tiny pearl, I'll make it rise by licking the skin that covers it. Then I'll lick hard and press into her skin. I'll gently pull the pussy lips away and flick my tongue against your clit, hood covered or not. I'll do this quickly. This should cause your legs to shudder. When I sense that you're getting up there toward orgasm, I'll make my lips into an O and take your clit into my mouth. I'll suck gently and watch your face for your reaction. If you can handle it, I'll begin to suck harder. If you dig it, I'll suck even harder. I'll go with you. If you lift your pelvis into the air with the tension of your rising orgasm, I'll be moving with you. I'll keep my hot mouth on your clit. I won't let go. Then you'll say: 'Don't stop. Don't ever stop!' 

There's another thing that I will do to intensify your pleasure. I'll finger-fuck you while you're enjoying my clit-licking. Before, during or after, you'll really like it. In addition to the erogenous zones surrounding your clit, a woman has another extremely sensitive area at the roof of her vagina. This is what I'll rub up against when I'm fucking you. Well, since my cock is pretty far away from my mouth, my fingers will have to do the fucking. I'll take two fingers, one will be too skinny and three too wide and therefore can't get deep enough. I'll wet them and slide them inside, slowly at first, then a little faster. I'll fuck you with them rhythmically and speed up only when you do. I'll be listening to your breathing. You'll let me know what to do. 

If I suck your clit and finger-fuck you at the same time, you'll be receiving far more stimulation than you would be getting if I was fucking you with my your cock alone. So you'll be high on this. If there's any doubt, I'll check out your symptoms. Each woman is unique. You may have one who's nipples get hard when she's excited or only when she's having an orgasm. You might flush red or begin to tremble. I'll get to know your symptoms and be sensitive to them. When you start to have an orgasm, I will not let go of your clit. I'll hang in there for the duration. When you start to come down from the first orgasm, I'll press my tongue along the underside of your clit, leaving my lips covering the top. I'll move my tongue in and out of your cunt. If my fingers are inside, I'll move them a little too, gently though, since things will be extremely sensitive just now. If I play my cards right, you'll be getting some multiple orgasms this way. A woman stays excited for a full hour after she's had an orgasm. If I make you cum a lot time you'll never forget me. 

After I've made you come, I'll make you my slave by giving you the best head you've ever had, but I won't leave you alone just yet. I talk to you, stroke your body, and caress your breasts. I'll keep making love to you quietly until you've come all the way down. 

By this time I'll be so hard that I will need you to... you're turn to tell me what you'll do to me.