 I want to feel the slow light touch of your fingers sliding through my hair, pulling my head closer, closer.

I want to feel the lightest friction of our lips as they gently slide against each other.

I want to feel the sigh leave your lips as you feel me press my body against yours.

I want to feel your body start to react to mine, your penis hardening, your heart beating faster.

I want to feel you run your hands down my back pulling me tighter.

I want to feel my nipples harden and push against my bra, even silk feeling rough.

I want to feel the slide of your tongue as it slides against my lips seeking entrance.

I want to feel my heart race, my panties dampen.

I want to feel your hands slide down my back and lift my shirt over my head.

I want to feel you push my hands behind my head and tell me to keep them there.

I want to feel you slide your mouth down to my neck, biting, nipping, licking, blowing.

I want to feel your fingers slide up and down my sides and arms and finally lifting my breasts to your face.

I want to feel you nuzzle your face in my chest as you slide your hands inside the cups of my bra to pull my breasts out.

I want to see your eyes glaze as you stare, trying to decide where to start as you lean and kiss one nipple then the other.

I want to see you grin, and then with your index fingers and thumbs I want to feel you pinch and pull my nipples.

I want to feel you sink your teeth into my breasts as you suck my nipples into your mouth.

I want to feel you lick my nipples apologizing for the pain, turning it into pleasure.

I want to feel you pull your shirt off and then slide your chest hairs against my wet hard nipples.

I want to feel you pulling and tugging my nipples, finally placing the clamps on, as I moan in pleasure edged with a sharp pain.

I want to feel you run your hands down my back, grabbing my ass as you pull me in tight to your body.

I want to feel you slide your hands down the back of my thighs as you drop to your knees in front of me.

I want to see you slide your hands back up and unbutton my skirt, unzip it slowly and pull it down my legs where you tell me to step out.

I want to see you panting as you look up at me, my panties wet, my nipples clamped and wet from your mouth, hanging over my bra.

I want to feel you place your face in my thighs as you take a deep breath smelling my arousal.

I want to feel you lick my panties, getting your first faint taste of me.

I want to see you stand back up, pulling my panties up tight into my puffy lips separating them with the wet cloth.

I want to feel you walk around behind me as you slowly unbuckle my bra.

I want to hear your pants sliding to the floor, knowing you are now naked.

I want to feel you slide your body flush against mine feeling your hard, hot penis pushing against my ass.

I want to feel you reach around and tug on my nipples again keeping them throbbing as you slowly lick your way down my back.

I want to feel you turn me around, as you separate my pussy lips and lightly bite my clit through my panties.

I want to feel you slowly, so slowly pull my panties down my legs baring my whole body to you.

I want to see you reach forward with one finger and lightly slide it over my slit, back and forth.

I want to feel you push that same finger inside my lips, rolling it around my clit and then slide it down and push it up inside me.

I want to feel my knees shaking so hard I can hardly stand anymore.

I want to hear you tell me to spread my legs apart.

I want to see you lean forward and then feel your tongue run from my clit to my vagina to my clit, where you clamp your lips on and suck, hard.

I want to feel my knees give out as I scream.

I want to feel you bite my clit and then suck hard again.

I want to feel you back me towards the couch.

I want to feel the backs of my knees hit the couch as you push me down, then pull my ass forward to the edge and spread my legs around your face.

I want to feel you push three fingers up in my pussy as you again start sucking and fluttering your hot tongue against my clit.

I want to feel you humming as you keep pushing in and out.

I want to feel my body explode on your mouth.

I want to see you reach over and grab a bag off the floor where you pull out a wide dildo.

I want to feel you push that dildo up into my pussy.

I want to hear you say, turn over and get your ass in the air.

I want to feel you pulling the dildo out and then pushing it in.

I want to feel you spreading my juices around my ass and lips.

I want to feel you put your penis against my pussy and push in lightly, just the head, then feel you ram it all the way inside slamming me forward rubbing my throbbing nipples into the rough couch.

I want to hear your balls hitting my thighs you have pushed so hard.

I want to feel you pull out and then, push back in as my pussy clamps down on your cock begging for more.

I want to hear you say, you want more, I'll give you more.

I want to feel you pull all the way out and replace your cock with the toy.

I want to feel you slowly pushing on my ass as you push your penis inside my asshole.

I want to feel my body adjusting to you and the dildo both inside me.

I want to feel you pushing and pulling at my ass, as you make sure that the dildo stays tight in my pussy.

I want to hear you say you want me to tighten the clamps on my nipples, as you start really fucking me.

I want to feel fuller than you have ever made me feel as you start pounding in and out of my ass.

I want to hear you say rub your clit and fuck your pussy with the toy as you pull me back so I am completely off the couch.

I want to feel my body tighten up so tight I can't stand it, and then I want to feel you pound into my ass so hard that you push my hand into my pussy around the dildo making me scream and cum.

I want to feel you dig your fingers into my hips, as you slam into me so hard that it hurts as you start to erupt.

I want to feel you exploding inside me, hot, deep.

I want to feel you slowly pull me up so I am leaning into your legs as I pull my arms up and around your neck.

I want to feel you panting against me, your cock sliding softer out of my ass.

I want to feel you reach down and slowly pull the dildo out of my cunt, hearing it make a popping sound as you pull it out.

I want to feel you slide your hands back up to my chest as you bury your face in my neck.

I want to feel you release the clamps off of my nipples, the pain screaming through my body, sending me over again.

I want to feel you lightly laugh as you tug my nipples to make my orgasm last longer.

I want to feel you slide your hands up and down my body as I lean into you, panting, moaning.

I want to hear you say, thank you baby that was amazing as we slide to the floor in each other's arms.