 Five weeks ago, I married the man of my dreams. It was a fairytale wedding followed by a four-week honeymoon in paradise. Everything was going great until we got back home and my husband's phone beeped while he was in the bathroom.

It was a text from a trashy whore, thanking my husband for a lovely night and encouraging him to hit her up if he was ever back in town on another business trip. The skanky bitch even sent him a naked selfie with his cum on her face to remind him of their photo-esque night together.

Just one day after getting home, our house was silent, only filled with resentment and guilt. I loved my husband so much; I didn't think I could just leave him, but I also didn't want to encourage the idea that what he did was okay. The only thing I could think to do was to go shopping.

I walked around that store like a zombie, lost in a blend of depression, rage, and false happiness. There was so much going on in my head; I wasn't even bothered by all the employees repeatedly asking me if I needed help. Finally, I ended up staring blankly at boxes of popcorn.

"Yo," a deep voice called out. I turned and saw a familiar, but strange-looking man. "Bree?"

"Yeah, do I know you?"

"You should. You tried to bite me in the middle of class one time."

"Andre? Oh my god..." I stared lustfully as he walked toward me. My once overweight friend was now covered in muscles and had long beautiful dreads. "Hi!"

He wrapped his strong arms around me and pulled me close. "What's up, gurl? How you been?" Instead of letting him go, I held him tighter. "Are you all right?"

When I felt his hands on my hips, my legs wobbled, and I fell against his chest. His muscly arms flexed and wrapped around me tighter as he caught me. He pulled me up and stared into my eyes with such heartwarming concern.

"No, I'm not all right." Somehow, I ended up blurting out my problems. "My new husband cheated on me on our honeymoon, which we just got back from yesterday; and I found out about it from the little slut, who texted his phone yesterday."

"That sounds super fucked up. So, you're buying popcorn to celebrate his death?"

"No, I'm not buying anything. I just don't want to go home. I just want to be out."

"Want to come to my house? I don't have anything today or tomorrow; I'm officially retired. It's way more boring than I thought it would be. We could hang out, watch TV; I can cook."

"I don't know."

"I have a pool. You can imagine drowning your husband in the deep end."

"I would never drown my husband."

"Right, because you're planning to poison him with a very specific type of popcorn, and you need to stand here for hours staring at the boxes to determine which popcorn to use."

That little joke was the first moment of happiness I'd felt all day. For a split second, I genuinely forgot about my cheating husband and all the drama.

"Is there a spa in that pool?"

"Yes, and a hot tub, and some grottos, and some waterfalls; it's very wild and jungle looking."

"I'm in; I totally need some time away."

"Yes! I need to go get what I came to buy, and then I'll meet you outside."

I couldn't stop smiling as he jogged away. He seemed so happy and excited; it made me excited. It was so overwhelming; I rushed outside and waited by my car.

Before he came out, my phone rang, and I could tell by the depressing ringtone that it was my husband. I threw my whole purse in the trunk and continued waiting for Andre.

He came out moments later carrying three or four bags filled with household items. I wondered if he'd bought some condoms, but quickly pushed that idea out of my head. Though I was extremely attracted to him, I didn't want to ruin our fun day.

"Ready to go?"

"I'm so ready."

He put his things in his car, and I followed him to his place. We made it to his luxurious mansion in less than ten minutes, so I knew it would be easy to get back if I wanted to come over again. More images of my compassionate friend being naked and on top of me flashed through my mind.

I struggled to push these images out, but it helped that he was actually there. He helped me out of my car and showed me around his house, holding my hand the entire time. All of the tremendous artwork and craftsmanship that went into building his home was impressive.

He sat his bags down in the kitchen and showed me to the backyard, still holding my hand. My eyes widened when I saw the jungled out lagoon surrounded by big waterfalls, sculpted by massive rock grottos and stone masonry. I just wanted to run and jump in the water.

"Ooh, I don't have a swimsuit."

"Just swim in your underwear. That's what I usually do if I'm not skinny dipping."

"I'm not swimming in my underwear, and I'm not skinny dipping."

"Well, you can wear one of my shirts if you want."

He pulled me to his master bedroom and walked me into his large closet. There weren't a lot of outfits in there, which, based on the way he dressed, is understandable. I picked from the older shirts he still had leftover from when he was bigger.

He went to go put up the stuff he bought, leaving me to explore his closet. There wasn't much to look at in the closet, but in his bedroom, I found a huge secret drawer under his bed. It was filled with all types and flavors of condoms and lube; there were some smaller sex toys like handcuffs and vibrators as well.

I was surprised that he had so much sexiness under his bed, most likely for access during the heat of the moment. The dry spell between my legs suddenly ended, and I found myself fantasizing again. This time, I had a plethora of vibrating aides to ease the tension.

I snuck to the door and quietly closed it. I didn't lock it because, in my strange fantasy, I wanted him to walk in on me and be so turned on that he just jumps on top of me.

Slowly, I stripped, imagining him pushing my jeans down; his hands unclasping my bra and fondling my jiggly mounds before pulling my bra off. I left my clothes where they fell and climbed back into his bed.

Once in his bed, I crawled under his covers, smelling his masculine scent on everything. I picked the strongest vibrator I could find and imagined he was riding me into ecstasy. The powerful vibrations rippled through my hot spots, up my spine, and rattled my brain.

I covered my mouth and screamed into the palm of my hand as the vibrator quaked against my clit. My mind rushed with exhilaration, and I nearly fainted as my orgasm washed over me. A little river of juice streamed from my decadent flower, leaving wet spots on his sheets.

Sinfully, I left the spots there, still hoping it would magically make him violate the boundaries of our friendship. I put my panties and bra back on along with his old shirt. Just as I put everything back the way it was, he opened the door.

"Are you okay? You've been back here a while."

"Hey, I was just getting my clothes up off the floor." The smile he gave me turned devilish for a brief second. "Let's go swimming."

"You clearly aren't trying to change the subject," he laughed.

He grabbed my hand and pulled me outside to the pool. As I jumped in, he stripped down to nothing but his form-fitting underwear. I came up before he jumped in and got a nice glimpse of his big bulge.

We splashed and laughed, playing with each other for hours. Once out of the pool, we dried each other off, giving me another chance to admire his new masculine form. It also gave me a chance to show off my nimble, curvy figure.

Occasionally, I caught him exploring my body. There were certain parts of my body he desperately tried to avoid, but I accidentally made him touch. When I ran his hands up his old shirt to dry off the inside of my thighs, we both nearly fainted.

Once dry, he pulled me into the kitchen and sat me on the counter. He began taking out some stuff to start making dinner with while I watched his half-naked body flex and bulge.

"What are you cooking?"

"I'm in the mood for honey garlic salmon with lemony asparagus and sesame rice. But right now, I'm making some cheesy potato skins to tie us over while I cook the salmon."

"I didn't know you could cook like that? What's for dessert?"

"Chocolate lasagna."

I watched in amazement as he crafted the most delicious meal I've ever had. The cheesy potato skins tasted magnificent, and there was plenty to go around. We laughed and played with our food as he went back and forth from cooking the salmon and making our chocolate dessert.

By the time he finished cooking and we sat down to eat, my panties were soaked again. The salmon was soft and decadent, and the honey garlic glaze gave it a sweet and savory flavor. My taste buds drowned in textures and flavors as I ate the tart asparagus and tangy rice.

We sat laughing and talking between bites, lightly touching each others' hands and giving each other sensual glances. I began taking sips of my excellent wine more seductively as I noticed him staring at my lips. He leaned back in his chair, pretending to be stuffed but was really giving me full access to his flexing chest and eight-pack abs.

After he made another joke, I placed my hand on top of his, and he turned his hand over and held mine. "Andre, why do hold my hand so much? I don't remember you being so touchy."

"You're going through a tough time right now. I keep grabbing your hand as a way of letting you know that all you have to do is reach out your hand and I'll be there."

My heart melted and drowned my pussy in hot passion. I wanted nothing more than to strip off our clothes and jump on that big bulge, but I didn't. We continued staring into each others' eyes until he remembered dessert; the chocolate lasagna didn't need to be baked, so it was ready to eat.

He took our plates into the kitchen and starting cutting the lasagna. I followed closely behind him, under the pretense that I wanted another glass of wine. When his back was turned, I rubbed the front of my panties while watching his tight ass wiggle as he fixed our plates.

He turned around quicker than I expected and caught me fondling under his old shirt. "Why are you doing that?" he asked, nearly dropping our plates.

Stunned silent that my fantasy didn't work out like I wanted, I stood there befuddled. When I finally found some words, all I could say was, "I'm super horny for you."

He sat our plates down on the counter and stepped closer to me. "I'm super horny for you too..." His lips pressed against mine, and I fell into his arms. "But I can't," he said, pulling away from our kiss.

I sighed, "Why not? We both want this."

"You don't know what you want. You're just doing this so you don't have to think about your marriage. As your friend, I can't be your distraction knowing you're still confused."

"Stop being so adorable and just fuck me."

"As romantic as that sounds, I can't until you make a real decision. Once you've made a real decision, if you still want to fuck, I will not hesitate. Until then..." He hugged me tightly.

I knew he was right; I just didn't want to hear it. "One more?"

"One more..." The second taste of his lips intensified the fire between my legs. "For now!"