 Deena squirmed as she sat on the log, feeling the heat from the bonfire on her front, though it didn't feel as hot as her pussy! She had gone camping with her best friend Beverly and her boyfriend as a "last hurrah" before she moved off to Japan to teach English, but her monthly cycle had hit her with fertile wantonness right after they arrived at camp.

"You okay?" Bev sat down next to her and handed her another beer.

The blonde took a long hard swig. "Just horny," she whispered to her friend. She looked around. "Lots of hot guys but they're all taken, and I haven't had sex since Bill and I broke up." That was a couple of months ago, which had been the push for her to rethink her life and decide on her upcoming international travel.

"Hmm...you could jump Jim," Bev said, referring to her boyfriend, who wasn't in sight at the moment. "He said he thinks you're hot."

Deena flushed at the compliment. Jim was a tall, sexy guy, who took care of his body and was in his forties, about 10 years older than her, with salt and pepper hair. "Naw..." she replied, "I don't want to mess up your relationship."

Bev snorted, "We're not exclusive. Go for it."

Deena considered for a moment. "Do you have any rubbers?" she asked, "I didn't even think to bring any."

"We don't use 'em."

Deena felt a little thrill in the pit of her stomach as her mind, unbidden, shifted to the thought of Jim's unprotected cock inside her. However, logic won out over nature. "I don't want to get pregnant," she told her friend.

"What if I told you that he had a vasectomy?"

Again the erotic vision of Jim's hard cock ramming into her hot depths penetrated Deena's thoughts again. Oh...

"I'll...think about it," she told Bev. She downed the rest of her beer and got up to head to the campsite washrooms.

When she got back to the bonfire Bev was gone. She waited for a bit but then decided to see if her friend had gone back to their camp site.

As she walked back she could feel her distended pussy lips rubbing against each other. Damn her sex drive!

Outside Bev's tent, which was next to her own, she softly called out, "Bev? You in there?" She paused, and could hear soft breathing. She unzipped the tent and shone her flashlight through her fingers so it wouldn't wake anybody up, but it gave her enough light to see into the tent.

Bev wasn't there but Jim was, and he was naked! He had unzipped his sleeping bag all the way, probably due to how warm it was that night. Deena's eyes zeroed in on his cock, which, while flaccid, was thick and not small.

Deena realized that her mouth had gone dry. Her pussy throbbed at the sight of that glorious dink.

She paused for only a moment, and then switched off the flashlight. She quickly removed her clothes and tiptoed to where she remembered Jim was laying. She reached out, touched his warm flesh and figured out that she was between his legs. She ranged her hand up Jim's thigh and then around his dick.

He didn't wake so Deena started to lightly squeeze his penis, slipping her grip up and down the soft shaft. Very quickly she could feel the object of her desire filling with blood, becoming hard for her. She was able to make longer strokes on it.

Her pussy was on fire! There was only one way to put it out...with Jim's hose! She clambered astride his hips and turned around into a reverse cowgirl position, facing away from him. She reached down and angled the head of his cock so it was touching the opening of her very wet pussy.

Unprotected sex...she had never done it before. She was very fertile, and afraid of getting pregnant. She hesitated.

But Bev had said Jim had had a vasectomy. He couldn't get her pregnant. But what if she had been lying? Why would she do that? The head of his cock felt so good nestled at the entrance to her pussy...

Strong hands gripped her hips from behind and pulled her down onto that cock, taking the choice away from her. Jim had awoken to find what he thought was his girlfriend wanting to fuck him awake.

Deena gasped as 2 inches of Jim's hard cock easily slipped inside her moist depths. All thought of danger fled her mind as she wiggled her hips trying to get more of that pleasurable prong deeper inside her.

Jim pushed her up a bit and then both of them worked together to increase the depth of the penetration. He was amazed at how tight Bev's pussy felt, thinking it must have been due to the position they were using.

Soon all 7 inches of Jim's cock was buried all the way inside Deena's hot, fertile insides. She felt her pussy squeezing it as she had a small orgasm. She had never felt a condomless cock inside her before, and while she had fucked a longer penis, it had not been this thick. It felt fantastic!

When she got her strength back she raised her hips up a few inches and then pushed back down, burying that glorious dick deep within her again. It felt so good! She did it again, and again, building to a good fucking rhythm. Jim had let go of her hips so that she was entirely in control, which helped alleviate some of her worries.

As she rode that cock she again saw it in her mind's eye, the bare skin of it slipping inside her, no condom protecting her innermost depths from the dangerous seed in his balls.

She shook her head. No, he was shooting blanks! When he came inside her it would just be semen and no sperm. This was incredible!

The thrill of fucking her friend's boyfriend, even though she had been given permission, in combination with her body being fooled into thinking it might be able to get pregnant tonight, even if her mind knew otherwise, sent her over the edge. She slammed her hips down, grinding her pelvis against Jim's as an incredible orgasm blossomed from deep within her, radiating outward to her clit and her nipples. She cried out as her pussy contracted again and again on that wonderful fucking cock, her wanton depths demanding tribute from it.

Jim lay back as he felt his lover reach her own pleasure first. Bev always came a lot when he fucked her, and he was experienced enough that he could keep from cumming quickly if he wanted. He wasn't done with her yet.

Finally, Deena collapsed forward, gasping and shaking. That had been so intense! She groaned as Jim gently pulled out of her. Okay, she thought, I'll just give him a blowjob...no point in purposely playing with fire...

Jim grabbed Deena's hips and pulled her back firmly against his pelvis as he got into the doggie style position. Deena was still recovering from her orgasm so could only gasp, "Wait..." as Jim lined up his very hard cock and then rammed it home.

"Aa-ahh!" Deena gasped. Her pussy was once again full of rigid hot pleasure. Her brain stopped working right as Jim pulled back and thrust hard into her again, and she dropped her face to the air mattress, drool slipping from the side of her mouth.

Jim thrust harder, faster. While he was good at taking his time to cum, Deena's pussy was tighter than Bev's and he was getting close. He bent over her back, reaching under to grope her magnificent boobies...

...only to find smaller breasts with prominent nipples! This wasn't Bev! Jim kept thrusting as he leaned close to the woman. With a sniff he detected the telltale perfume he had smelled in the car for the entire trip in, and knew that this was Bev's cute friend Deena!

Thrilled, he tweaked those pointy nipples and increased the tempo of his thrusting. He'd always had a thing for slim blondes. He didn't know where Bev was but he suspected that she had sent Deena in here as a surprise gift for him.

As Deena felt her sensitive nipples being pinched she shook in pleasure. Jim was pounding her hard now, the vibrations of his thrusts echoing up his cock and into her innermost depths. She was going to cum again, and it was going to be huge. A soft thought in the back of her mind told her that she should get Jim to pull out. Better safe than sorry!

Jim started grunting, "Urhhh..."

Deena felt Jim swelling within her as he thrust. Her thoughts were washed away as that cock seemed to rub a part of her deep inside that had never been touched before. "Oh God..." she moaned.

Jim grunted louder, "Ergghh..." He moved his hands back to her hips, holding them firmly.

"Oh Goddd..." she continued to moan. She felt him thrust hard, unaware that the head of his cock had just kissed her cervical opening.

"RAAAHHH!" he bellowed, ramming his cock as deep as possible and holding it there as his cock swelled up even more. Then he started to shoot his cum deep inside the fertile woman. It splashed against the mouth of her cervix once, twice...

"Gooooddddd..." Deena groaned as she felt a throbbing pressure deep inside her, and then a spreading warmth, and she knew that Jim was blasting her insides with his semen. Her body, already overheated from the monthly timeliness of this coupling, as well as the naughtiness of fucking her best friend's man, sent her into an overwhelming orgasm.

"Gooohhhuaaahhh!" she cried out. Her cervix spasmed open as Jim pulled back and thrust hard again. Another spurt of his cum splashed her cervix, a few drops of which slipped through just as the timing lined up perfectly.

Jim felt Deena's overheated pussy suckling on his cock as he held it deep inside her. That, combined with the thrill of fucking Bev's friend, caused a second orgasm to roll up his shaft. This almost never happened! He started to thrust again, enjoying the second, smaller orgasm. Another few spurts of cum erupted from his dick, once again inundating Deena's fertile reproductive system.

"Buh..." Deena continued to shake as she felt Jim's cock throb deep inside her again and again.

Then they were both spent and Jim carefully slipped his dick out of her. She moaned at the sudden feeling of loss.

Then she heard a woman gasping from near the entrance to the tent. After a few seconds it stopped, and then she heard Bev's shaky voice, "I see you finished thinking about it, Dee."

A flashlight came on, showing Bev at the entrance, her pants pulled down and her bare pussy out.

Deena did her best to cover her now visible nakedness from both of them, grabbing at her clothes. "I'm sorry!" she whined. She rushed toward the tent entrance.

Bev got out of her way. "I said you could!" she called after her friend as Deena escaped their tent and went into her own.

After a few seconds Deena heard Bev outside her tent. "Dee?"

"I'll...talk to you in the morning, okay?" she answered. She could still feel the flush on her face. She would probably have looked bright red with embarrassment if there had been any light.

She laid there on her sleeping bag, thinking about what had just happened. She had just had unprotected sex with a man she had only met a couple of times! Sure, he was Bev's boyfriend, so it's not like he was a total stranger...

...and he had cum inside her! Despite the fear of pregnancy she felt a flutter in her pussy at that thought. It had felt incredible, the best sex she had had in her life.

She reached down and touched her pussy lips. She felt Jim's cum dripping out of her. There was no sperm, she assured herself, just semen. She felt a little better.

Then she heard Bev gasping in the next tent, followed by the telltale sound of Jim fucking her. Deena lay there, not able to think of anything but the vision of Jim on top of Bev, thrusting...or was Bev on top? Deena felt her nipples harden. Her exploratory hand, covered in semen, moved to her now extended clitoris.

As she rubbed her clit and listened to her friend getting fucked by Jim's hard cock she angled her hips up so that she could more easily slip one finger and then two from her other hand into her pussy. She felt -- jealous? -- of Bev as Jim pleasured her. She wished it were her getting fucked again.

As the sexy sounds continued and Deena continued to frig herself, the cum that Jim had deposited deep inside her started to pool at the entrance to her uterus, soaking in to her cervical opening. When Bev and Jim audibly reached orgasm, so did Deena, grunting and thrusting her fingers inside herself as she fantasized that she was getting another load deposited inside her. As her cervix spasmed open, more drops of Jim's cum dripped into her womb.

Finally, they all slept.

---

Deena moaned in pleasure as she awoke. Someone was licking her clit and it felt incredible! As she opened her eyes she could make out Jim's face down there in the morning light as it slipped through her tent's canvas.

"Oh!" Deena said, startled at seeing him there. "I'm sorry! I raped you!"

Jim raised his face from her pussy. "Can't rape the willing," he responded, and then he lowered his face back down.

"Ohhh..." Deena moaned as she lay back, allowing him to continue pleasuring her with his tongue.

After she had a shattering morning orgasm Jim moved up her body, kissing her skin as he went. Her nipples were as hard as stones and he licked and sucked on them as he brought his pelvis up between Deena's thighs. She felt the head of Jim's cock touching her pussy lips.

Her sex drive overpowered her muzzy morning brain and she spread her legs to allow him greater access to her womanhood. She felt Jim's cock start to push between her vaginal lips and she whimpered, remembering how good fucking him had felt the previous night.

The combination of her vaginal juices and his saliva allowed him to get his cock fully into her with little difficulty and she wrapped her legs around him. Then he started to thrust.

Her clit felt like it was on fire as the pubic hair at the base of his cock ground against it. Jim continued to suckle on her nipples as he switched from thrusting to grinding, to pulling out so only a couple of inches of that cock was still within her and then just thrusting that small part in and out.

The technique had the desired effect. "Oh God!" Deena cried out as she felt her orgasm hit her like a freight train. The walls of her pussy spasmed around Jim's hard member and then he thrust it all the way in, holding it deep inside her as she continued to cum. "Fuck fuck fuck..." she gasped in ecstacy.

When her orgasm had finally stopped she gasped for breath but then lost that breath when Jim pulled her legs up and over his shoulders. His cock speared into her again, this time even deeper with this new position.

Jim couldn't play with her breasts in this position so his face was now above hers as he thrust into her again and again. She could see his eyes gazing adoringly at her face as they coupled, and she did the same.

There was a zipping sound and then Deena felt a slight breeze. She turned her head and saw Bev entering her tent. She froze, which was a little difficult with Bev's boyfriend thrusting his cock into her repeatedly.

Bev saw the worried look on Deena's face and whispered, "It's okay...I told you we weren't exclusive." She moved behind Jim and continued, "But I wanna watch, okay?"

It wasn't like Deena could tell her friend to get out without breaking the mood. Jim continued to fuck her very wet pussy and he seemed to be picking up speed. He started to softly grunt.

"Oh God..." Deena groaned. She felt Jim's cock grow a little inside her.

"You getting close?" she heard Bev say, "Let me help..."

Jim felt Bev's fingers wrap around his ballsack and give a soft squeeze. The combination of pleasure and slight pain sent him over the edge. "Urrhhh!" He felt his orgasm hit fast and hard.

"Gooooddddd..." Deena moaned as she felt Jim's cock swell and then throb deep inside her as he continued to thrust. For the second time in her life she felt a warm wetness deep in her core as Jim's cock exploded, blasting her overheated, fertile depths with his cum.

"Arrhh! Uuuhhh!" Jim continued to ram his dick into the sexy blonde as he shot rope after rope of sticky white semen as far inside her as he could.

Deena could take no more and started to cum once again at the image in her mind of Jim's condomless cock spurting his cum deep inside her unprotected pussy. Her body was still well into its fertile time of the month so such thoughts were deliciously naughty. "Nnn! Nn!" she gasped as her body shook in pleasure.

Jim felt Deena's pussy gripping his cock as she came again. "Mmm..." he moaned as her insides coaxed the last few drops of cum from it to join their fellows pooling at the mouth of her cervix as it spasmed open and close. More of his cum dripped through into her most private of places.

Once again Deena heard Bev gasping as she pleasured herself: "That's sooo fucking hot..." her friend moaned.

Deena pulled Jim's face to hers and they kissed passionately.

---

After breakfast the three of them went hiking. After about an hour they found a secluded pool fed by a stream. They removed all their clothes and skinny dipped.

Seeing both women naked, of course, caused Jim's cock to stand to attention. As he used a submerged stone as a seat both women took turns riding him.

After both women were brought to several orgasms each, Bev climbed off to let the other woman continue to fuck her man.

"You sure?" Deena asked as she clambered back into Jim's lap. She wasn't going to argue much.

"You're going away soon," her friend replied, "I can have him anytime." She looked at Jim. "Fill her up, big boy."

"With pleasure," Jim said, pulling Deena down on his cock as soon as she was able to line it up with her sex.

"Uhhh!" Deena groaned. Her hard nipples rubbed against Jim's firm chest as he urged her body to slide up and down his hard member.

"I'm gonna miss you," Jim whispered in her ear.

They fucked for several minutes before Deena took over, ramming her pelvis down repeatedly to get the greatest penetration. She was close...

Jim felt Deena's pussy tighten around his cock, setting off his own orgasm. "Aurrgghh!" he yelled, grabbing Deena around her slim waist to hold her as tightly to him as he could. He felt his prostate spasm, shooting its contents up his cock shaft, injecting it deep inside the blonde's primed reproductive system.

The wet throb of Jim's cum splashing inside Deena set her off. "Oohh! AHH!" she cried out, shaking, as pleasure shot out through her pussy, up her spine and into her nipples. "Goddd..."

Nearby, Bev sat on a rock and pleasured herself, imagining what Jim's cum looked like as it shot deep inside her best friend's fertile body. She came hard at the thought.

---

Over the rest of the weekend Jim filled Deena with his cum as often as possible. While Bev would also have sex with Jim, she always made sure that Deena finished him, and always frigged herself to orgasm when it happened.

Even on the way home, Bev drove the car while Deena and Jim fucked in the back seat. When they finally got back into town Deena gave Jim a big farewell kiss. They agreed that it had been fun but "what happens at camp stays at camp."

---

When her next period didn't come the paranoid Deena bought a pregnancy kit and was soon crying in the bathroom, holding a pee stick with a very obvious positive result staring her in the face. She called Bev.

"You said that Jim had had a vasectomy!" she yelled at her friend.

"No," Bev responded, "I asked, 'What if I told you that he had a vasectomy?' I guess you answered that question: you'd fuck him like a wanton slut."

Deena was stunned, silent.

Bev continued, "But this is great! Now you can stay here instead of going to Japan and I'll be the best auntie..."

Deena dropped the phone and cried.

---

Eventually Jim found out about the pregnancy and showed up at Deena's apartment. He told her that he had thought that she had been on the pill, like Bev, because she had snuck into his tent and fucked him without a condom, and Bev hadn't said anything otherwise. They had both been tricked.

Jim visited Deena often throughout the pregnancy, even going to her ultrasound appointments and Lamaze classes. He never saw Bev again, and by the time their child was born the two of them were in love. They married the following year.