 Hey everyone, just to warn you, I do change tenses a little bit in. I know, I know, it's a terrible thing to do, I'm sorry!! But I didn't really notice it because I was so wrapped up in the writing, and when I did, it wasn't worth it to go back and fix the mistake. Besides that, you'll become so enraptured with the story, you won't notice anyway! I think the story is better for it!! Feedback is always nice, good or bad, I just like e-mail! So, read, enjoy... always yours, Vixen.

Be forewarned: I write this with the intent of getting you aroused. I'm just thinking of Friday while I'm writing this, which provides ample inspiration (ample = my chest :) I'm good with word associations). 

I was thinking about you earlier today, when I bought a new skirt from Express. It's cute, a wraparound, black, with a belt. It's an extra-small. When I was trying it on I looked in the mirror, and pictured myself back in the car on Friday, wondering what it would have been like, if I had had the skirt then, perhaps with thigh high pantyhose, and maybe even a lacy black garter belt, and what if.... 

We were driving along, on the blvd., like we were on Friday, and holding hands, and caressing each other lightly. What if, when you finally started moving your hand up my inner thigh, there was no resistance because I was wearing a skirt, and not jeans. What if I hadn't been wearing underwear, you would have felt right away how wet I was for your touch, how much I wanted you in me. What if you had been playing with me all the way through that dreadful city, (which always reminds me of Mantioch, which, I can't recall for the life of me where I've heard that name before, for a city...) all the way to the storage place, you would have pulled your fingers out of me and licked them clean, and I would have kissed you, tasting myself on your lips and tongue. 

You would have dashed in to get what you needed, and hurried very quickly back to the car. I would be waiting for you, patiently, horny, but knowing what was coming (lol). You would have gotten in, closed the door, and looked at me with that very glazed look of lust in your eye (you know the one I mean, you always comment on how I get it). I would have pushed you back in your seat and unzipped your jeans, undone your belt, and pulled your hard cock free from the constraints of your Dr. Seuss boxers (we so love Dr. Seuss, do we not?). 

I would have held you for just a moment, and then I would have moved my fingertips to your head, to play with the precum that is just starting to flow. You were incredibly hard before, but now you are rock solid, if such a thing is possible, and so I initiate what we are both waiting for. I shift around in my seat so I am comfortably facing you, and then suddenly, before you can blink, I am straddling you, my tight, dripping teenage pussy over your cock. You are pulsing with excitement; my skirt is almost covering your view of what is happening, but luckily, it is a short skirt... 

I slowly lower myself down onto you, making sure you are in me just right, before slamming down, feeling the shaved base of your cock on the bare underside of my pussy. You are so deep inside of me it is unbelievable. I am so incredibly aware of you. I lift myself up again, slowly, while I look into your eyes, and just when I expect that you are going to beg me to fuck you harder, I slam myself down again, harder than before, bringing you deeper than before, and I feel you hit my G-spot, and I shudder with pleasure. 

Just as I am about to lift myself up again, I feel your hands on my sides. They roam around, gently massaging me, working their way to my breasts. When you finally reach them you are not so gentle. You violently squeeze my breasts, pinch and twist my nipples without mercy, because you know that I love that. When you do this it turns me on so much. I lean in and kiss you, a silent thank you for the pleasure you are giving me, and for what I know is about to happen. I pull myself up once more and slam myself down again, harder than the previous two times, hitting that wonderful spot yet again and I scream as I contract all my muscles around your cock. 

You cannot hold back and you come inside of me, filling me even more with the warm feeling of your semen, and I can feel it inside me. Even after your powerful climax, you are still semi-erect, but I slide off you, because my little teenage pussy can take a lot, but only so much at one time. As I slide back over to my side, I give you a wonderful view of my ass, and also a preview of what's in store for later. 

Come on, you know you want it...

And we both know that you can’t resist.