 I left Kelly at home that day since I figured she would be in no shape to do anything but stay at home. I went to the gym and then work. On my way home I picked up some more lube, Advil and tightening solution (and yes they do make it for those ladies and men out there wondering) to help her with her pussy that I would be tearing apart. When I got home Kelly was in the pool doing laps. When she got out she was wearing a bikini and a thong. God she looked amazing in anything. When I looked down at her pussy you could tell that she was still feeling the effects of last night. 

She ran up to me and hugged me. I gave her the bag with the stuff that I bought from the store. She went to get a towel and dry off and told me to meet her inside for dinner. I was curious to see what she made for dinner, I didn't know what it was but I was definitely gonna try it. It turned out to be very good anyway and we finished it all. We cleaned up and watched TV for a little while. 

She got up and told me that she was going to get changed and to meet her in the bedroom. She walked into her bedroom and told me to be in there in 15 minutes. I finished cleaning up and then went into my bedroom to get ready. I figured that I would surprise her and shave my balls and pubic hair off. I was as clean as her. I walked into the guest bedroom/her bedroom but she was nowhere insight. I got on the bed and out she came wearing a white teddy, no bra, no panties but of course white stocking and an interesting pink garter belt. She knew how to get me hard this time and I wasn't hiding it. 

She said to me, "you must really like this" with a smirk on her face she then said, "we're gonna do things a lil different tonight." 

She got in front of where I was sitting on the bed and pushed me back. And then she started to do an aerobic dance with splits and other crazy moves, which I was surprised she could do after last night. She then fell on top of me and started to kiss me all over. I still had my pants on, which I'm surprised my cock didn't rip through yet. She got down to my waste band again and started to pull. 

Kelly was expected pubic hair but there was none in sight, she then got a smirk on her face. She got my pants off and then whispered in my ear I want you to take my ass toight. I looked at her with astonishment and asked if she was sure and she nodded. She then pulled out her tube of lube and said she found a use for it. She pulled off her teddy and shoved the whole tube almost to the end up her ass, though the tube was nowhere near the circumference of my cock. As she pulled the tube out she squeezed the lube to make sure that everything was coated, she then took the remainder and put it on the head of my cock. 

She knelt down with her head on a pillow and stuck her ass in the air. I asked her again if she was sure and she answered yes. I lined my cock up with her asshole and if her hole wouldn't stretch for me then I was about to make her pussy and ass one hole. So I started to push and with this kind of resistance I didn't think I was ever going to get through, until she gave a push my way and impaled herself on my head. She lifted her head off the pillow and screamed so loud that I was surprised she didn't break anything, but she wasn't the only. Her ass was so tight that is was hurting me, if I pulled out I think my head would have stayed there. I asked her if she wanted me to continue and she wined a yes.

So I slowly inched my way in. She had to straighten her back because I was afraid to hurt her anymore. About an half hour later her had finally reached my groin, I was all the way in her and didn't know what organ I was touching but my cock head was poking something. I let her get used to this new feeling and then started to pound away like a jackhammer and to my surprise Kelly was having orgasms in waves one after another. 

Between the orgasms and my pounding it looked like a jackhammer was fucking her. I was finally getting to the edge of my orgasm and I exploded in her ass. I don't know where my cum was going but she was taking it all, I mean not a drop leaked out. Then Kelly had another orgasm as I slowly started to pull out. I was almost fully out when all I had was the head so I slowly pulled back and when it was almost halfway out it looked like the skin between her pussy and ass was about to tear so I made one fast motion and pulled out. To my surprise only a drop of cum followed my evacuation and not a flood. Kelly was sought of awake, so I gave her a kiss on the head and left the room for her to be at peace. 

Around 8 o'clock in the morning I heard her yelling my name. I came in running into the room Kelly still naked on the bed and her ass still as opened as I left it. I knew it was a bad idea but she insisted. She told me that she could barely walk and asked me if I could carry her to the bathroom. I lifted her up and placed on the toilet. She didn't have to take a shit put did take a piss, and then all of a sudden it sounded like a leak coming out of her ass. She must have sat there for 5 minutes and I stood next to her to make sure everything was ok. When it was done and she reached up for me to carry her back to bed, I looked in the toilet there was more cum than there was water and I was hoping that the toilet would flush. 

Kelly fell back to sleep and I went on with my usual day gym and then work. I picked up whatever supplies I think I needed for my daring nymphomaniac. I walked into the house and there was no TV on, no food, no Kelly in the pool, and then I looked in her bedroom, there she was still naked and knocked out from last night. Though her asshole had closed a little bit it was still open. 

I decided that I would make dinner for the two of us that night and when I was done I went to go wake her. I asked her how she was feeling and she said that what we did last night was amazing. I then asked if she could walk and she said that she would try. I help her stand up and that went successful and then she slowly waddled to her clothes I gave her a pair of baggy sweatpants and one of my shirts, which I helped her put on. 

We ate dinner and I asked her what she would like to do, Kelly responded, "well first I would like to suck you off and then lay down with you and watch a movie.

I cleaned up after the meal while she slowly made her way to the couch. When I was done I joined and he first thing she did was pull down my pant. 

She said, "I can't believe you shaved this for me" and then took my cock head in her mouth. 

I'd say that she mastered my cock cause she almost taking all of it in her mouth. About a half hour later she started humming and I lost but this time however she managed to take my gallon or more of my cum without losing a drop. She finished her desert and we watched the movie she fell asleep in my lap and I asleep on the couch.