 Begrudgingly, I walk toward the door of the house, crossing the plush lawn as I step from stepping stone to stepping stone up the winding path. I pat at my camera in the bag slung over my shoulder out of habit as I near the door, reminding myself of my purpose for being here. 

My name is James, and I am not what you might call "popular." In fact, my only saving grace is my relative success with a soccer ball; otherwise, I would be socially useless. My passion is photography, which has granted me access to the world of high school yearbook, and it is because of this pastime that I am now walking toward a house full of the popular kids on a Friday night.

As I reach the door, someone abruptly opens it, running out with her face in her hands. She's sobbing and dashing toward the pool of cars parked haphazardly at the end of the dead end road. The music filters out of the door, assaulting my ears and distracting me from my internal debate of whether it would be inappropriate to photograph her. I am here, after all, to document the social lives of the pretty and the popular.

I walk in the door, nodding at the host who is serving drinks in red plastic cups, and pull out my camera. I feel like I should be wearing a cliche reporter's hat with a "Media" tag on it. People look at the camera in my hand, not seeing me. I don't know if they know why I'm there, but I soon get the feeling that they don't really care. Sighing, I get ready to take some pictures and get out of here.

Sadly, this is my first party. Even sadder is that I wasn't truly invited, nor does anyone actually want me here. 

I wander through the house, stepping over and around people as I make my way toward the music. It's coming from the living room where a mass of bodies moves like the ocean, a frenzy of hormonal teenagers dancing out their sexual frustrations. I hang back at the fringes against the staircase, snapping pictures of smiling beauties dancing, carefully avoiding the glasses of beer in their hands. 

It is then that I notice her.

A curvy brunette girl is dancing near the speakers, her eyes closed and a half-smile on her face. She's not dancing with anyone in particular, but I see that she hasn't gone unnoticed. A few other sets of enthralled male eyes are on her, tracing her body with their minds in a way they would like to do with their hands. One even has the nerve to smoothly dance his way over to her. I imagine I am this boy. 

I watch her carefully-- how could I do anything else?-- as she is absorbed in the music, running her hands up and down her body slowly then bringing them over her head as her hips swing to their own erotic beat. The music seems to be coming from her as she stays in her own world. I watch the change in her movements as she notices the boy next to her. She is slightly startled when her eyes open, her half-smile of self-contentment turns into a tentative smile that doesn't reach her hazel eyes. 

This boy leans down and whispers something in her ear, dancing close to her body in a sensual way. She smiles a true smile that adds a slight blush to her already rosy cheeks offered, no doubt, by the beer the kind host is serving. She alters her dance patterns to accommodate him, dancing in a way that very closely resembles sex. He runs his hand down her arm and rests it at her waist, pulling her closer into his body effortlessly as she brings a hand up around his neck. The song changes pace and drifts into a new one, the beat rhythmic and heavy. 

Both of his hands are on her hips now as she gracefully and skillfully guides them. Her hands around his neck afford him a closeness that I can see is arousing him-- and me. He leans down and kisses her neck, then her cheek, then pauses momentarily with his lips a fraction of an inch from hers, and she leans up into him. I can almost feel her lips on my own as I visually intrude on their kiss. I snap a picture, centering her body in the frame and his as only an accessory, careful to avoid being seen.  

Their kiss breaks as she leans up and whispers something in his ear. Her grin is back as she says something that I wish I could hear. He smiles eagerly and nods, grabbing her hand and leading her out of the crowd and toward the stairs. 

I busy myself taking pictures of people dancing as they glide past me, unnoticed by everyone else. They pass couples standing together on the stairs and head for the top.

My internal struggle begins again. Yet this time, I follow my subjects up the stairs. 

I see them sitting together on a bay window seat at the end of the hall, intertwined by their legs and their tongues. Positioning myself in an inconspicuous place, I watch them. I see his hand run up her thigh and under the hem of her short skirt, lifting it slightly. I catch a glimpse of her underwear, taking a picture as his hand rises higher on her thigh. He kisses her neck as she bites her lip, eyes half closed. For a brief moment I think she sees me as her expression changes momentarily then returns to the lust-filled look of desire. 

She pushes on his shoulders, pushing him off of her slightly, then grabs his hand and stands, pulling him along behind her toward one of the bedroom doors. Disappointed, I take one more picture as they head into the room, with her pushing him in first, sad that I will no longer be able to watch this beautiful girl. 

And then it happened.

As she turns to close the door, she looks into my eyes and winks at me, grinning slyly as she leaves the door ajar and returns to her soon-to-be lover. I replay the moment in my head in slow motion and everything around me goes silent. I look around me to see if she could have been looking at anyone else, but no. 

I cautiously approach the door and see that the bed is clearly visible from my vantage point. I see them standing near the bed, stepping toward it awkwardly as they wrap themselves in each other. Clothes are peeled away while their mouths are still connected until they both fall naked onto the bed. His hard cock mirrors my own as I watch and capture crucial moments on film. 

I watch as she lies on her back and he peppers kisses up her body, pausing to pay attention to her full breasts, pulling one hard nipple into his mouth and running his tongue along it. I notice that it shines with his saliva when he pulls his mouth away. He draws himself up, positioning his body over hers as he kisses her deeply on the lips. She runs her hands over his back as his cock slides into position at the entrance to her pussy. 

A foreign sound draws my attention from the couple briefly, and I realize that a phone is ringing. 

"Shit!" he exclaims, rushing toward his discarded jeans and reaching into the pocket to fish out a vibrating cell phone. He checks the caller ID and answers the phone, stuffing his body back into his clothing as he mouths the word "sorry" to my beautiful muse and leaves the room, rushing past me without even noticing me. Never before have I been so glad to be invisible.

A thoroughly confused look briefly replaces her look of lust, but it doesn't last long. She looks at me and crooks her finger, beckoning me to join her in the room.

I don't hesitate. I close the door behind me as I enter, not knowing what to do or say. I knew I wanted to come into the room. Beyond that... what now?

She looks at me thoughtfully, then says, "I saw you watching us down there. On the dance floor, you know? Saw you take pictures of us. I liked it. I even saw you follow us up here to the window. Why did you follow us?"

I don't know what I should say, so I choose the truth. "I wanted to take your picture, capture those forbidden moments. What they could lead to, what I wanted it to lead to. I was enthralled by you."

Her grin deepens. "What it leads to, huh?" I nod as she positions herself on the bed, tossing her hair over her shoulder as she leans back on her elbows. I can't help but to let me eyes wander over her naked body, appreciating the gentle curves as her chest narrows to a supple waist then flairs out again to a perfect hip. I feel myself harden more, to an uncomfortable degree. Wishing I could adjust myself, I instead change my stance by shifting my weight to the other foot. 

She sits up and reaches her hand for me, pulling me to the edge of the bed. She takes my camera and lays it gently on the floor next to her clothes. Kneeling on the bed, she begins pulling my clothes off slowly, teasingly. A slight blush warms my cheeks as I stand naked before her, my fully erect cock very evidently displayed. 

I kneel on the bed in front of her and she pulls me into a deep kiss. Tentative at first, it quickly gets heated as we lie back on the bed. I hold myself over her as he had done, kissing her deeply as she wraps her legs around my waist.

I slowly sink into her soaking wet pussy and feel the moan that escapes her throat and echoes into my mouth. I feel her hands on my back as her fingernails lightly graze my skin. I push into her with thrusts that are at first sporadic and quickly fall into a hard, fast rhythm. I feel the head of my cock smash into her and it sends waves of pleasure through my body. I thrust harder, feeling her reaction as well as seeing it in her face. 

She bites her lip, closing her eyes periodically and moaning slightly. With every hard thrust, her moans get more insistent until she is soon clawing at my back and bucking her hips up to meet mine. Without warning, I feel her inner muscles clamp around my pounding cock as she moans loudly and arches her back up, eyes closed. The contractions around my cock as I'm still slamming into her bring me to my own climax as I spurt hot come into her pussy, muscles contracting and body thrusting of its own will. 

I don't realize my eyes are closed until I feel her reach up and kiss my cheek, then my mouth. Opening my eyes, I see a look of bliss etched across her beautiful face as she smiles up at me, one hand resting above her head. 

Whispering, "Don't move," I reach down for my camera and snap one last picture: the picture of what bliss the private, forbidden moments have led to.