 Author's note: I am a woman in my forties, and I write (in UK English) from that perspective. I welcome your feedback and suggestions. My sincere thanks to my three patient editors, InvincibleNoir, dave_932688 and a friend. But, despite their patient work, any typos or grammatical errors are my own.

***

"The babysitter is booked! I am soooo looking forward to tonight now!" I was shouting at my husband over the din of the three children that were running around the kitchen. As a stay-at-home mom, I seemed to spend my days in track pants. It was about 6 weeks since we were last out together, so it will be nice to actually get dressed up tonight. 

"Great," answered Conor, my husband. "Should I shave?"

"Absolutely!" I replied. 

Conor cheekily responded with "If you want me to shave, then you have to shave too!" To which, I gave him a little squeeze on the bum. 

I knew he loved a bare pussy and I had been neglecting my "lady garden" lately. Tonight I was planning on sorting that out.

*******

At about nine o'clock, I emerged from the last kid's bedroom bleary eyed and sleepy. 

"Good grief, I thought the kids would never settle," I thought to myself! "YIKES!! I only had about an hour to get ready."

Conor was downstairs tidying the kitchen and making the place presentable for the sitter. Thankfully he was showered already, so I had the bathroom to myself. After a 20 minute "chemical in every crevice" shower I emerged hairless, moisturised, bleached, dyed, tanned and scrubbed! I nearly didn't recognise myself! I really wanted to tease my hubby tonight and dress provocatively. I selected an electric blue corset and a black fitted skirt that ended just above the knee with simple black stilettos to finish the look. I felt that this outfit best showed off my curves. The complete lack of underwear made me feel naughty. The corset had sturdy hidden boning, so it was capable of supporting my 32F boobs, although I had to be careful bending down, in case of over the top spillage. But I didn't see that happening when I was just going to sit on a bar stool. I finished getting ready by tying up my hair into an elegant bun and applying just enough makeup to emphasise my eyes. I wanted to balance the slutty outfit with elegant and sophisticated hair and makeup. I was finally ready just as I heard the babysitter at the door. I went down and opened the door for her, only to see her face light up when she saw me. 

"Wow," said Sandra the babysitter. "You look really nice."

"Aw, thanks pet," I said as I let her in. 

I turned around to see Conor standing there in the hall with a smile on his face. I let Sandra go ahead into the kitchen and I followed behind.

"Mmmm, I approve too," Conor whispered into my ear when I passed him in the hall. He gave my arse a little squeeze. The combination of the whisper and squeeze sent a jolt of anticipation to my pussy.

"Well, you are not bad yourself," I teased. "Wait 'till I get you home!" 

Yummy! He smelt good enough to eat. Conor was 185cm. His balding grey hair was in a buzz cut and I loved the shape of his head. I could see a sexy peep of dark chest hair out of the top of his checked shirt. He had a couple of buttons undone, and all I wanted to do now was stick my nose in there and nibble on his neck!

*****

Once we got to the local pub I noticed our friends, Paula and Peter, were already there. They had managed to get a corner table for us. Paula was about my height, 175cm, but was dark brunette to my mousey brown. I had a bit of a girl crush on her actually. She was slimmer than I and had smaller perkier breasts that made me jealous and very curious all at the same time. Paula and I were swimming buddies, so I often got to see her glorious lithe body in the showers and changing rooms. Tonight, she was wearing a low cut white semi sheer blouse, which gave a tantalising glimpse of that beautiful cleavage. She wore her long dark hair down tonight, and showed it off by flicking it back from her face. Her long lean legs were showcased in skinny black jeans paired with heeled ankle boots.

"What are you drinking, guys?" Peter asked us. 

We gave our drink order as I sat beside Paula, with Conor finding his place on the other side of me. As we chatted I could appreciate the sight of Peter's ass in front of me as he stood with his back to us at the bar getting the drinks. We were all in our 40s and none of us were exactly athletes! But Peter had a fairly toned ass that was definitely nice to look at. (Yes fellas, girls do look as asses too!).

"My god, where did you get that corset?" exclaimed Paula. "Its incredible! You look like a proper dominatrix!" she giggled. 

"Perhaps I am," I laughed with her. "Should I start ordering the three of you to serve my every need?"

"Hehe, let me have a few drinks first and then I just might let you," retorted Paula. 

Conor shifted in his seat and smiled. I could tell that the talk was starting to get him a little hot. Many times he had joked with me about getting Paula to join us for a threesome. He even brought it up in bed occasionally. I dropped my hand onto Conor's crotch and gave his semi hard on a little squeeze. He covered my hand and tried to move it away. 

I leaned closer to him and whispered, "I'm wearing your favorite panties...none!"

That worked a treat on his semi hard on. It was now at full mast and straining against his jeans.

"Great," I thought to myself. "The teasing is working already!" 

The two of us chortled at our secret while Paula was still laughing at my dominatrix comment a few seconds earlier.

"What's all the laughing about?" asked Peter as he set down the drinks in front of us. 

"Kym is about to practice her dominatrix skills on us all," explained Paula.

"Hmmm, you are certainly dressed for the part!" Peter said as he looked me over, his eyebrows raising appreciatively. As he smiled broadly at me, I felt a tingle in my stomach. He really was quite handsome. His dark hair, slightly receding, was kept short. His bright blue eyes had mischief behind them. Peter had broad shoulders and fairly well defined arm and chest muscles due to his building job.

As the night progressed the drinks flowed and the conversation continued in a bit of a risquee tone. While we all knew each other fairly well, we were still relatively "new" friends. We had met about 3 years ago and had kids the same ages. Most of our conversations to date revolved around the kids, current affairs and local gossip. While Paula and I had had "girl" chats about our favourite errotic stories or adult toys from the "joy drawer", the intimate talk with the hubbies present was new for us all.  

"I have a question for you Conor", Paula purred and grinned cheekily at my husband. "What makes a good blow job?" 

"Em...", Conor blushed a little. He seemed surprised with the bold question. 

"Plenty of tongue action and movement is always good" he answered, a little uncomfortably. "...and a hand on the balls or underneath-"

"Oh fuck, yeahhhh.." Peter sighed.

"Really??" Paula exclaimed. "I never knew you liked your balls to be touched, Babe. I thought they were kinda delicate!"

"Hahah, does that mean I am better at giving head than Paula?" I giggled and punched the air in mock victory. 

"I don't know," said Peter. "Paula is fairly fantastic at it!"

"Ok, so same question to you Peter. What makes a great blow job?" I enquired, gazing straight into those mischievous eyes. Again, I felt a little tingle as he returned the gaze.

"Oh hell...emmm...enthusiastic lips and tongue anywhere in that area is pretty great!" Peter said as Conor chortled and agreed. "But Paula has an amazing...em...capacity. I mean, she can get a lot in, if you know what I mean." 

Peter was blushing adorably at this intimate revelation. I got a mental image of Paula going down on Peter and I was starting to get aroused.

"Wow, deep throating?" Conor asked, looking at Paula almost in awe while she nodded proudly. "I've never experienced that, although Kym has tried her very best." 

Now it was my turn to blush. 

"But Kym needs lots and lots and lots of practice!" Conor put an arm around my waist and gave me a squeeze. 

"Starting later tonight, I hope!" he grinned, before nibbling the side of my neck. 

Conor got us all laughing again at this innuendo that he wanted oral sex. I placed my hand on Conor's upper thigh again and was surprised at how hard he was getting from the discussion.

"I think it's your drinks round, Conor," I said as I smirked at him. 

I knew he wouldn't be able to stand up without giving away his state of excitement. He paused for a moment but couldn't delay long as everyone finished the last sips and shouted "same again". Conor is a bit of an exhibitionist (and a voyeur), so as he stood he turned a little towards Paula so his cock was at her eye level. I noticed Paula's stare at my husband's package before he turned his back to her and walk to the bar. The truth is, one of the reasons I married him was because of his fairly large cock. But try as I might, there was no way I could deepthroat him. I could barely fit him into my pussy! Some sex positions even hurt. As if reading my mind, Paula leaned into me and whispered,

"It's no fucking wonder you don't deepthroat that monster!" and we both giggled again.

"I need the loo," I said, searching for my handbag. 

It had made its way onto the floor, so I bent forward to get it. Of course, I forgot all about the dangers of spillage out of the top of my corset as I felt the effects of the drink. When I sat upright with my bag there were two nipples peeping straight out at Peter, who sat across from me. As I was about to stand up and go, oblivious to my exposure, Peter kindly pointed it out.

"Emmm...Kym? Nice rack!"

"Oh bloody hell!! I can't even dominate my chest, let alone ye three," I giggled, as I pushed my "girls" back in.

"Mmmm, yeah, I agree Peter. You have nice titties, Kym!" said Paula.

Peter surprised me by agreeing earnestly. As I got up and walked past Peter, I glanced down onto his lap. I was delighted to see he was in the same excited state as my hubby. I must admit, all the talk about blow jobs combined with my exposure was fairly getting to me too. There was a definite slipperiness between my legs as I walked, enhanced by the lack of panties.

"Hang on Kym, I will come with you," said Paula following me. 

Once we got out of earshot of the hubbies Paula gasped, "Bloody hell Kym, how big is Conor?" 

"He is fairly big, but I think all the talk about blow jobs has got him a bit...em.. excited, so he was pretty much on display there! Peter looked like he enjoyed the discussions too though."

"Yeah, he did, but I know he liked the flash of your nipples too...and so did I," admitted Paula. "I'm so flippin wet right now! I don't know if I would prefer to see if I could manage all of Conor's cock, or suck on your big breasts!"

I was surprised that my friend admitted she liked my breasts and wanted to blow my hubby all in one breath. I had no idea Paula had bi tendencies, like I had. In truth, I thought about giving her hubby a blow job as well. Was Peter a little smaller than Conor? Could I actually get all his cock into my mouth? The feeling of sucking a cock all the way down to the base would be amazing. Paula's comment about her wanting to suck Conor off also gave me a horny mental image. I think I would love to see Conor being pleasured in that way. I could actually watch his facial expressions and see the pleasure there. Then I got an idea. It was one of those ideas that would have been dismissed immediately had I been sober!

"I wonder which one of us gives the better blow job Paula?" I asked. 

I hoped a little competition would result in a bit of husband swapping later. I had no idea what I was about to start!

"Hehe, definitely me, of course," Paula bragged jokingly. 

I continued to look at her earnestly and waited for her to answer seriously. Paula eventually came to the right conclusion. 

"Em...well...there is only one way to tell really. We both need to blow the same guy and get him to be the judge."

HA! She took the bait, I smugly thought to myself.

"Ooorrr...we could ask our hubbies," I said. "I mean, I blow Peter and you blow Conor and get them to judge."

"OH MY GOD, but you are a dirty bitch Kym!!" Paula had a broad grin on her face. "I'm up for it, if you are...will the lads be on for it though?"

"I reckon we could persuade them easily enough. What red blooded male wouldn't want a blow job!"

When we got back to the table we had a part of a plan formed. The two men were deep in conversation, and it didn't look like football talk either, as it seemed like they were both still covering hard-ons. As they had moved to the inside of the table in our absence, us girls sat on the outside. 

"Whatcha talking about?" asked Paula as she flopped down onto the stool.

"You two girls, actually," grinned Peter. He winked at Conor, as if the two of them had some inside joke.

"Oh? All good, I hope?" asked Paula, a little perplexed with the conspiratorial behaviour of the husbands. The two lads looked at each other and laughed. 

"Oh yeah," said Conor, "VERY complimentary." 

Conor then spoke directly to Paula. 

"So...It's the girls turn to answer questions now. What is good oral for you Paula?"

"Oh, em...let me think..." stumbled Paula. 

She blushed again. 

"A nice slow beginning, I think."

"You mean a lot of beating around the bush!" said Peter and once again we were all laughing out loud.

"Well.. yes, that is exactly what I mean. Sometimes guys can be a bit too...em...straight to the point, if you know what I mean." 

Paula looked down now. I got the feeling she was criticising Peter's techniques a little bit.

"What about you, Kym?" asked Peter, oblivious to his wife's hints.

"Well, I would have to agree with Paula on the slow start. Us girls really enjoy a big long build up. Lots of belly and thigh stroking before getting down to business. Once the pussy licking is well and truly underway, I like a hard and fast finish. Sometimes I can get so carried away that Conor has to stop me to catch his breath! I also really like the hands and fingers to be involved too." 

I looked around the table and there were three mouths gaping at my revelation into my cunninglingus preferences. Paula was nodding slightly. The two guys looked like they were mentally taking notes!

At that point the bar lights flashed a couple of times indicating closing time. "How about ye two come back to our place for a night cap?" I asked Paula and Peter. 

They had Peter's mum staying overnight to babysit, so they were in no rush to get back to a sitter like we were. Paula, of course, agreed immediately, knowing it was part of the plan!

Once we were back in our place, with the kids still fast asleep and the sitter safely home, I brought out some beers for everyone. In the sitting room Peter and I sat on the couch while Conor and Paula sat opposite each other on the arm chairs. All the seats are set up in a U-shape with the TV and fireplace on the fourth wall. Conor put on a music channel playing vintage music. Paula got up to dance to The Doors "Gloria" and pulled Conor up with her. 

"Oh hell, the bones in this corset are starting to dig into me now," I said to Peter, while pulling at the garment, which became an exercise in futility.

"Well, take it off then," Peter smirked with a cheeky grin plastered broadly on his face. 

"Oh yeah, sure," I retorted in a sarcastic tone. "But only if you take off your pants and underwear. Just so it's all fair!"

"Ha-ha, if I have to get my cock out, I am going to have to get a blowjob! After all the talk earlier I can't wait to get Paula home!"

Naturally, Conor and Paula could hear our conversation, while they danced in front of us.

"Why do we have to wait, Peter?" said Paula in a sultry tone. "I'm sure Conor and Kym wouldn't mind if I blew you now. It's nothing they haven't seen before on the internet."

I had been wondering how on earth I could orchestrate the blowjob competition with the guys. This bold offer was a stroke of genius by Paula. She swayed over to her hubby and knelt between his knees. Then Paula opened his zip and reached in to take out his cock. It was soft now, but stiffening under her familiar touch. 

"Bloody heck! You are actually going to blow him...right now?" said Conor in surprise. "Can I watch?" 

Conor sat on the arm of the couch on the opposite end from me, with Paula and Peter between us. Paula was now stroking Peter's stiffening cock. It looked fairly thick with a large head, but a bit shorter than Conor's. It was a nice looking prick and he kept his pubic hair neatly trimmed. Paula started to lick his cock head like an icecream, concentrating on the seam at the edge of his glands. Then she slowly engulfed his prick between her lips. She was still stroking his shaft with one hand, but the strokes got shorter as her lips slid down the shaft. Within a few moments she had the whole prick in her mouth and her nose pressed against Peter's tightly cropped pubic hair. Peter had his head thrown back, his eyes closed and he groaned deeply. Paula was clearly enjoying herself too and she joined in the moaning. I was transfixed by the sight. I had never seen anything so hot in real life. It was much more errotic than anything on the internet. 

"OH MY GOD" Conor gasped "That is so freekin sexy. How can you breath?" Paula popped off Peter's cock and gasped for breath. Her eyes were watering a little.

"I can't," Paula said. "I can only deepthroat for a short while before I have to come off for a breath and then start again. If it gets too much, I just go shallow for a while before going back on down there. I love the feeling of Peter all the way down my throat though. It make me really horny, as I know he loves it." 

Peter added, "Paula kind of closes her throat, so it feels really tight around my cock. Sometimes she swallows a few times. It's incredible."

"Can I have a go?" I whispered before I even knew I had said it. Worried, I looked over at Conor and was relieved to see him smile. 

"Funny you should ask," he said "Us boys were talking about wife swapping while ye girls were in the loo earlier! I would love to actually watch you give a blow job."

Paula stood up from between her husband's legs and looked at me. She pointed towards Peter and said "Help yourself!"

I knelt down and looked at Peters lovely cock. It was still wet from Paula's mouth and very engorged. Now that I was face to face with it, his prick didn't look all that much smaller that Conor's after all. It was all a bit daunting, especially knowing that everyone was watching. I decided to begin with my usual technique. I put my hands on Peter's hips and slid them into the waistband of his jeans. Paula hadn't really lowered them. She had pulled out his cock through the zipper. I moved the jeans down a bit, giving me better access to Peter's balls. I started by slurping up one ball into my mouth. His balls were hairless, which made the process a whole lot nicer. It's not great doing this with big long hairs tickling your throat! I started to get a bit more enthusiastic with my sucking and was rewarded when Peter moaned aloud. He looked directly down at me and put his hands on the side of my face, pulling me onto him. As I knelt over his cock my breasts escaped from the corset again. Peter reached down and grabbed my nipples between his thumbs and forefingers. 

"Oh fuck, that is soooo nice!" Peter said to me. "I have been dying to have a squeeze of these breasts for ages."

I could now feel my wetness along the inside of my thigh. I was soooo horny. This was heightened with the awareness that I was giving another man a blow job while my husband and his wife watched. It was all so wrong, but felt so right. This was the hottest sexiest thing I had ever experienced. 
