 INTRODUCTION

It was a Sunday morning when I woke up in bed between two sisters, Charlotte and Victoria. We had spent Saturday together and I crashed at their place. That is, I crashed after another marathon of great sex. I had been dating both sisters, if you want to call it that, for over a year. Charlotte dated other guys too but not that often. Victoria was dating one guy and she said they were serious which was difficult to accept given her behavior with me.

We were in Victoria's bed. The sisters shared a two-bedroom, two-bath condo that had a small den that Victoria used as an office. Charlotte and I worked at the same company but in different departments. Victoria had her own search firm business which she ran from home. As they slept next to me, I thought about how fortunate I was to have them as lovers.

Charlotte was a not a pretty woman but not that sore to the eye. It was easy for me to overlook that she was not a beauty, especially with that body of hers. She was 5'6" and around 125 pounds with a 36-28-35 figure. She had long straight dark brown hair with kind of a mousy look to her. She wore glasses with big rims which were not flattering. Her legs were shapely and her ass was clearly magnificent.

Victoria was prettier than her sister. She had short blonde hair and blue eyes. Her figure was slenderer, 34-28-34 and she weighed a fit 110 pounds. She was 35-years-old and Charlotte was 33. In 1970 I was 29-years-old and very fit. I was 6'1" and 190 pounds. I stayed in shape with recreational sports and regular workouts at the fitness center.

I had the best of all worlds with the sisters. Charlotte loved anal sex and given her killer ass; I did too. She also liked to fuck but preferred to have me cum in her ass. She was not at all into oral either giving or receiving. On the other hand, Victoria loved oral and her favorite was a 69-position with her on top. She also loved to be fucked and liked having me cum in her. Anal sex was taboo and she wanted no part of it. Even when we were in a 69, I would caress her cute bottom but never probed her anus. 

They were not at all into girl-on-girl sex but they would play with each other tits when I was fucking them. I would see Charlotte on a Friday or Saturday evening and then stay over in her room at the condo. If Victoria didn't have a date, then she would join Charlotte and have the three of us sleep in her bed. 

MEETING CHARLOTTE

I met Charlotte after a company golf outing. Her figure caught my eye as she was wearing very tight brown slacks and a snug golf shirt. I could not believe how good her ass looked in those slacks. There were prettier girls who had either played or helped run the outing with whom most of the guys were flirting. I saw Charlotte sitting alone and I walked over to her.

"Hi, I'm Walt, may I join you?"

"I know your name. All the girls do, why aren't you sitting with them?"

"It looks like they have plenty of company."

"Yeah, I see what you mean. I'm Charlotte."

"It's good to meet you."

"Do you like to dance?"

"Sure."

"I came with Paula so I need a ride home. Would you like to go dancing and give me a ride home?"

"That sounds better than hanging out here and drinking."

"Good, I'll tell Paula that I'm leaving."

Charlotte and I left the golf club and she knew of this lounge that usually had live entertainment. In the 1970's that was still pretty common, DJ's were also coming into fashion too. The club had a trio and they were quite good. Charlotte and I danced to both the fast songs and slow songs. I was fascinated with her ass all night when she moved. During one slow song, she really pressed against me and rubbed her thigh against my erection. I slide my hand down her back, cupped a buttock and gave it a gentle squeeze. 

"I think that I am ready to go home now."

I took that as if she said, "I am ready to go home and fuck now."

I took her home to the condo complex and we entered the unit. I had learned on the way that she shared the condo with her sister, Victoria, who may be home or not. We were still clammy from the golf tournament and Charlotte wanted us to shower first before we went to bed. She made it clear that we were going to sleep together that night. We stripped down and entered the shower. I started to soap up her tits, ass and pussy but she stopped me.

"Let's save that for the bedroom. We don't want to empty the hot water tank."

I followed her advice. We washed ourselves quickly and then went into the bedroom. Charlotte lay on the bed and opened her legs for me. She held up her arms and welcomed me into her body. 

"I'm really glad you came home with me."

Slowly, I moved into her. Charlotte opened beneath me, enveloping my penis tightly. Her pussy was like a fist as she clenched her vaginal muscles. She squeezed me as I moved within her. 

"You are really tight." 

"Your thick cock feels good. Fill me up with it." 

I thrust into her deeply and I felt the head of my cock pressing against her cervix. I felt her vagina contract around my cock. She moaned with a shudder and a long moan and she urged me on. I grabbed her hips in my hands and began to thrust in and out as I pounded her pussy. My heavy bloated testicles slapped against her ass as my cock drove into her. She called out as her body rose to meet me. 

"Yes, oh yes." 

Her pussy grasped my cock, squeezing it and milking it as I fucked her. I moved my hips against hers and buried my cock to the hilt within her. Her quaking pussy erupted into orgasm again as I rocked my cock slowly, grinding the head against her. I felt my ejaculation building in my balls and I knew that any second, I would be spewing my seed into her womb. I felt my semen travel from my scrotum through my cock as I came deep inside her flooding her waiting warmth with my load.

Neither one of us could speak as the pleasure was so intense. I collapsed on her and she wrapped her arms and legs even tighter around my body. Not wanting to crush her I rolled off her as my cock slipped from her cum filled pussy. We rested together as we talked for a while. Charlotte knew that I was fucking a few girls from the office. I learned that she had been married but was divorced. She also told me that she was not at all into oral sex either giving or receiving. Charlotte reached down and stroked my cock as we talked and I fondled her tits and played with her pussy. Before long we were turned on again.

I pulled her legs apart and let her guide my cock into her pussy. I eased my thick cock in and worked it slowly until I was balls deep in her pussy. I knew that with her tightness that she could probably feel every ridge and vein of my cock touch her vaginal wall. Charlotte gasped again when I hit bottom. As I fucked her slowly, I made sure that my cock never lost contact with her clit. She stiffened as she orgasmed and then grunted and groaned through multiple orgasms as her body was rocked with one climax after the other. As I pounded her pussy my cock moved easily in her now soaked pussy. She stiffened one more time, screamed and then went limp with her final orgasm which was the most intense of the night. 

Once again, I rolled off Charlotte and this time she rolled over on her stomach. I caressed her fabulous ass and teased her between her ass cheeks. I searched for her nether hole as I massaged her bottom. I finally reached the object of my desire and I rubbed juice from her pussy into her anus. She lifted her hips slightly as I worked her firm ass cheeks. I pulled her buns apart slightly and stared at the cute little aperture. I traced my finger over the ridges of her now swollen sphincter and watched as it seemed to pulse and throb under its own accord.

I scooped more juice out of her pussy with my fingers and pushed it into her. Charlotte's hips bucked in response to my probing. I loved anal sex and I loved to watch my cock slide in and out of a hot ass. I was hoping that Charlotte was into anal sex. As my finger entered her channel, she gripped it with her sphincter muscle. I continued to finger fuck her ass adding more natural lube from her pussy as needed and eventually I added a second finger. Satisfied that she was well lubed I straddled her hips and guided my slick cock into her pussy to coat it with juices and then I eased it into her ass. My cock head slipped past the moistened sphincter and the spongy head disappeared into her ass. Her anal ring closed behind the cock head and I marveled at the sight before me. I only had the head of my cock in her and she lifted her hips and pushed back obviously wanting more.

"Not too deep at first and then go deeper." 

She placed a hand on my thigh to guide the penetration. My cock felt thicker than it ever had as I eased more of it into her anal passage. I watched as it stretched her open and slid easily in her slippery hole. I continued my slow penetration until the entire length of my shaft was balls deep in her ass. Charlotte gasped and grabbed the bed sheets as I hit bottom and then moved her ass in time with my thrusts. She whispered with a raspy voice

"Let's fuck on our sides."

I rolled both of us to our left side and settled into the spoon position with my cock still buried in her ass. She guided my left arm so that it came around and fondled one of her tits and tweaked her nipples. She guided my right hand to her pussy making it very clear what she wanted. I pushed two fingers into her pussy as I fucked her ass and played with her tits. Charlotte was going wild as her orgasmic, constricting muscles gripped my cock and fingers.

We fucked slowly as she arched her back and we fitted together perfectly. Her gasps were intermittent and interrupted with cries and sobs of pleasure. Her ass was so snug that I wondered how the semen would ever get out of my cock. I fought to hold back my ejaculation as long as possible but the undulating walls of her rectum were just too much. I felt the familiar boiling in my balls and I thrust into her as the first blast of cum exploded into her bottom. I barely heard her pleas for me to fill her ass with cum as her contractions milked every drop from my cock. I continued to fuck her slowly and I enjoyed the feeling of warm semen surrounding my cock in her sheath.

"I love the feel of your warm cum in my ass."

Charlotte told me that she loved anal sex and that sometimes she actually preferred it to vaginal sex. She said that she still wanted to cum and she preferred a cock shooting a load in her ass while her clit was being rubbed. We remained in the spoon position for quite a while and dozed off. We were awakened when my deflated cock slipped from her ass. Charlotte rolled toward me and smiled as she whispered.

"That was some great sex tonight, you are a good lover. I want you to spend the night with me."

"I would love to."

We cuddled in the spoon position and had no trouble falling asleep.

MEETING VICTORIA

Charlotte and I had great sex the following morning and then I showered, dressed and headed home. The following weekend I had no plans and Charlotte invited me over to the condo. She told me to plan to stay the weekend and that we would hang out by the pool on Saturday. Once again, we had great sex on Friday night and I got to fuck her pussy and ass, cumming in both. On Saturday morning we had sex but saved ourselves for later too.

After a late morning breakfast with the sisters, Victoria left as she had planned to spend the day with her current boyfriend. Charlotte and I went down to the pool and relaxed. We took occasional dips in the pool, put lotion on each other and sunbathed. Applying the lotion, we teased each other cumming close to our privates along our inner thighs. I even let my hands slip inside her bikini bra and touched the sides of her breasts. 

That evening I suggested calling out for dinner. Charlotte agreed and we ordered Chinese. We sat around in the condo still in our swimwear eating using the chopsticks that came with the meal. The good thing about Chinese takeout was that there were always leftovers and it always tasted as good. After we stored the food, Charlotte was ready for love making. We went to her bedroom and shed our swim wear. I offered her a massage as I loved to rub her body. She liked it too and it turned into foreplay for us.

After the massage, Charlotte rolled over on her back immediately splayed her legs and welcomed me back into her pussy. I eased my dick into her and began to fuck her slowly. Soon my cock was sliding easily in and out of her and we picked up the pace. She arched her back as she humped me hard and fast and I made sure that my cock stayed in contact with her clit as I plowed her cunt. We fucked hard and long working ourselves toward a euphoric state. I did not want to shoot as I wanted to fuck her until she couldn't cum anymore. I was pleased when I felt her tense up for her first orgasm.

"Walt, hold me, hold me, I'm coming, oh, oh, oh." 

She tensed up wrapping her arms around my back and her legs around the back of my legs in a spider-like grip. I held her trembling body tight and I could feel her drench my cock with her pussy juice. I remained still with my cock still in her pussy as she uttered unintelligent moans and sounds and her body quivered. Her vaginal muscles were involuntarily squeezing and releasing my cock. My cock slipped from her and she flinched as cool air touched her opening.

"Oh that was incredible. I love being with you."

We rested for a while but I was anxious to get at her ass. I moved her to all fours with her ass elevated and she placed her head on the mattress turned to one side so she could see me. I started playing with her pussy and her curvy ass lubricating her with her own love juice. She told me there was lotion on the nightstand. I took it and put an ample amount in her nether hole. She moaned and cooed as I fingered her pussy and her ass simultaneously. 

I put an ample of amount of lotion in her ass coating the tiny puckered opening of her anus and lubricating the rim. I nestled my dick against the entrance momentarily before easing it inside her ass. I could feel my cock initially struggle to stretch the pucker. My dick head burrowed in and her passageway soon yielded to the determined action of my cock. Charlotte moaned as my cock filled her hole.

I fucked her with long and deliberate strokes until my cock was sliding easily back and forth in her ass. I caressed her shapely buttocks as I watched my pecker move in and out of her bottom. I heard a gasp but it wasn't from Charlotte. It was Victoria. She had opened my bedroom door far enough to see and she was watching me fuck her sister in the ass. I don't know how long Victoria had been watching us but I didn't care. I decided to give Victoria a little show. I took my cock all the way out and then re-entered the scrumptious ass. I wanted Victoria to get a good look at my 7+" thick cock. I leaned over, caressed her big tits and tweaked her nipples and said loud enough for Victoria to hear. 

"Charlotte you have a hot ass; I love fucking you in your hot ass." 

My hands freely roamed her body and I pulled on her hips drawing her backwards impaling her further on my inflated member. I reached for her pussy to finger fuck her and diddle her clit but I found Charlotte's hand already buried in her cunt. She was frigging herself frantically working herself toward a second orgasm. Suddenly I felt my cock inside her ass swell up and I started pumping faster. Within minutes I knew that Charlotte felt the warm fluid being squirted inside her rectum and she immediately started to cum herself. Her sphincter muscle squeezed every drop from my spurting cock. I grunted as my whole body became stiff and I pushed my cock into her. Charlotte writhed around and her body arched off the bed as a climax of massive proportion tore through her.

My cock slipped from her ass with an audible pop and I flopped down on the bed next to her. The both of us were exhilarated and she curled up in my arms. I looked toward the door, it was closed and Victoria was gone. I didn't say anything to Charlotte about her sister. The two of us then dozed off. When I woke up in the morning, I was between two bodies. Normally I would have fucked Charlotte with my morning piss hard-on but that day the sisters had other plans. Victoria was stroking my cock; she smiled and spoke when I opened my eyes.

"This is quite impressive."

"Oh sis, wait until you feel it in you."

"Not yet, girls, I have to pee."

"Wash your cock good. I want to taste it."

I went to the bathroom, took my morning piss and washed my cock thoroughly. So now I knew I was in for a threesome and Victoria was going to suck my cock. I returned to the bed and got on my back. 

"I douched my pussy this morning. It is nice and clean for you."

With that said Victoria moved into a 69-position with me. She straddled my face and I looked at her good-looking pussy with a little tuft of blonde pubic hair. She took my cock in her mouth and lowered her pussy to mine. I held her cute bottom in both hands but I was told not to play with her anus. Her head bobbed up and down on my shaft and I learned that she was very accomplished in oral sex. I probed her pussy with my tongue and toyed with her clit.

Victoria orgasmed before I came. Her love juices filled my mouth and she let out a cry of ecstasy that was muffled on my cock. She continued to suck me and minutes later I was close. I let her know that I was about to cum and she took my cock from her mouth and stroked it with her petite hand. It was a good thing because I fired a huge load into the air with five jets flying out of my cock. She stroked me briefly and then covered my cock with her mouth. Victoria sucked the remaining semen from me and then licked her hand free of my seed.

"Wow, that was quite a load. I knew it would be a big one but didn't expect that. I would have gagged with that one."

I remained hard and this time Victoria mounted my cock and began riding me. Charlotte moved behind her sister and reached around to fondle the small tits. That was pretty erotic and I wondered what else they might do together. Did they get it on too? Victoria came quickly and let out a cry that she was cumming. She flopped down on my chest and then rolled to the side allowing my cock to slip out of her pussy. Charlotte then quickly mounted me and rode me hard and quick, obviously in need of an orgasm. 

Charlotte climaxed fairly quickly but kept riding me. I sensed that she wanted to cum again. Victoria then mounted my face lowering her pussy to my mouth. She was facing her sister so I couldn't see anything but her cute ass. I heard them encouraging each other to play with their tits, so I assumed they fondling each other's breasts as they rode my cock and face. This time I ejaculated into Charlotte's pussy before she came a second time. Then the sisters seemed to climax simultaneously and my cock and face were drenched again. They moved off of me and lay on either side of me. I had my arms around them as they snuggled in close and I felt their breasts against my chest.

"Well you two are certainly full of surprises. I never expected that but it was very hot."

"I'm glad you enjoyed it. I was looking forward to it after watching you two last night."

"You came home last night?"

"Yeah Char, Martin drank too much last night and couldn't get it up. I decided to come home instead of staying over and dealing with his hangover. I'm glad I did."

"I am too. Tell me do you two do this often."

"No Vic and I don't do this often at all. In fact, it's been years since the last threesome. We feel comfortable with you." 

"Are you into each other?"

"Heavens no! Char and I only touch each other with hands and fingers. We don't do oral or use sex toys."

"Char and Vic, that's what you call each other?"
