 "Hey babe," Matt said, answering his mobile phone as he walked past King's Cross Station in London. "Yeh, fine honey. Just heading back to the hotel." He glanced across to Paul, who was walking beside him and rolled his eyes. "Pretty boring really, just a couple of drinks after work. Me and Paul are just going to grab a drink at the hotel bar, maybe catch the footy and call it a night after that. Pretty tired. Tough day and an early start tomorrow."

They stopped at a pedestrian crossing and Matt nodded into the phone. He suddenly tapped Paul on the shoulder and pointed at a girl standing to their right. He mouthed the word 'babe' and Paul laughed. "What's that honey? Saturday? Your parents? Yeh sure. More wedding stuff huh?" He rolled his eyes again. The lights changed and they crossed the road. "Yeh, just at the hotel now. I'll call you later, OK? Sure. Love you too babe."

He tapped his phone screen and slid the phone into his pocket.

"That your fiancee, I take it?" Paul asked.

"Yep," Matt replied.

"When you getting married?"

"Couple of months. Fucking nightmare though. So much planning and it's really not my thing."

Paul shook his head and grinned. They'd worked together for nearly a year, both IT Consultants and currently working on a project with a major client in London. Neither of them lived in London, so the large chain hotel near King's Cross was their week night home for 3 months past and at least 3 more months to go.

"Still don't see you as the married type mate," Paul grinned as they approached the steps to the hotel. 

"Surprising myself," Matt chuckled. "Fucking hell, look at that," he added quietly, flicking his eyes towards two girls coming out of the revolving door. 

Paul shook his head and laughed. "Mate, you are unbelievable."

"Evening ladies," Matt smiled as the girls passed by them. They giggled, but despite Matt stopping and turning to watch them, they carried on walking. "Jesus, that little blonde is fit as fuck," he said to Paul.

Paul nodded. "Yeh. London is great, isn't it?"

Matt beamed a smile at his colleague. "Tell me about it. I could seriously live here."

"You were having a pretty deep conversation with Lauren earlier," Paul said as they stepped into the revolving door.

"Man, she's hot isn't she?" Matt replied, grinning. "You know she's only 19 right?"

Paul shook his head. "Thought she was older."

"Seriously mate," Matt said, lowering his voice as they walked into the reception area. "I'd so like to do her. When we were at the bar, talking, I could see right down her top. Christ, those tits are amazing."

Paul rolled his eyes. "What are you? 31? You've no chance buddy," he laughed.

Matt stopped and shook his head. "I'm telling you Paul, she's into me. If she hadn't been with that Julie chick tonight, going to some chick flick or whatever, I'd have been bringing her back here." He raised his hand and ran it through his hair, then stroked his stylishly unshaven chin. "And mate. I'd fuck her senseless!"

Paul groaned. This was a typical conversation with Matt. He wasn't sure if he'd ever met someone with so much self confidence, particularly around women. It was widely known that Matt had slept with several females who worked for their firm's clients. It was against company policy, of course, so Matt would unlikely admit it outright, but he'd hinted enough for Paul to believe the rumour mill. He glanced at his colleague, feeling a hint of jealousy at his rugged good looks, 6 foot tall, muscular frame. Some guys have all the luck, he thought to himself.

"My round," Matt said as they walked into the bar area. "What you having? Pint?"

"Yeh, Peroni please," Paul replied, walking to a table to the right of the bar. He sat with his back to reception, knowing that Matt preferred the view outwards, giving him the ability to scan for women. This had become their usual seat in the bar, and although it annoyed Paul when Matt was in 'babe mode' (as he liked to call it) they more often talked about work, football, cars. Normal bloke stuff. Never Matt's fiancee though, Paul noted. It struck him that he knew very little about her.

It took a few minutes for Matt to return with the drinks. The barmaid was French, and very pretty, so Paul assumed Matt had been flirting as usual.

"So, this fiancee of yours," Paul said, sipping his beer. "You should bring her to London some time. Sure she'd love the shopping. Mine did when she came down a month or so back."

Matt exhaled loudly. "You're kidding right? Fuck, no way I'd bring her here while I'm working." He took a gulp of beer then winked at Paul. "Might ruin my chances with Lauren mate."

Paul chuckled. "You really think you've got a chance with her? She's got a boyfriend, hasn't she?"

"Apparently. But hey, I've got a girlfriend." He grinned wickedly.

"Fiancee," Paul corrected him.

Matt sat back and rolled his eyes again. "Look, what she doesn't know can't hurt her, right? I'm in London, fucking miles from home. The odd fuck here or there..." he shrugged his shoulders.

Paul shook his head in disbelief. "Jesus mate. Why are you even getting married?"

Matt frowned. "Good question." He changed his expression quickly, beaming a smile. "Seriously though, my fiancee, Sophie, she's ok. Decent girl actually." He sipped his beer. Paul stared at him, bemused. "And...well." He stroked his chin. "Loaded mate. Seriously loaded."

Paul nodded slowly.

"Her dad has his own company. Manufacturing business. Exports all over the world. Worth millions. When her sister got married, he bought her and her new husband a brand new house. Half a million mate." He grinned. "He's doing the same for us. Big 5 bed detached piece. Brand new. We just finished picking all the carpets and shit for it last week."

"Fuck. Nice one," Paul said. Some guys get all the luck, he thought again.

"For her 30th, Sophie got a Beemer convertible from her folks," Matt continued. "435iM Sport. Fifty grand it cost. Loaded mate. She's buying me a Rolex too. Seriously loaded."

Paul took a long gulp of beer. Another pang of jealousy shot through him. "But...well, if you don't mind me saying mate. You're onto a pretty good thing there. So, what's with fucking about trying to shag Lauren?"

Matt laid his hands on the table and grinned. "Loaded mate, but no way as fit as Lauren. She's not a minger. Bit plain, quite big tits but could lose a few pounds, if you know what I mean."

Paul shuddered. He'd sometimes wondered if Matt was, basically, an asshole. He was hearing a side that could well confirm that theory.

"And anyway," Matt went on. "I'm away all week, pretty much every fucking week in this job and sometimes...well...needs must and all that." He laughed, looking very amused with himself.

"Unbelievable mate," Paul said, shaking his head. He forced a smile though. It wasn't worth an argument. "Just don't get caught dude."

Matt smiled. "Like I say. What she doesn't know can't hurt her."

Paul let his eyes wander to the football on the television on the wall to his right. "Chelsea two up," he mused.

"How long to go?" Matt asked.

"5 minutes," Paul said, squinting at the screen. He mentally calculated that meant it was nearly 10 PM. He'd finish his drink, maybe have another then he'd call it a night. They'd gone out straight after the work the previous night, and hadn't got back to the hotel until after midnight, so he was pretty tired.

"Good result for them, away from home especially," Matt quipped, turning his head to watch the game.

"Yeh, quite fancy them to win the whole thing this year," Paul added.

They sat in silence for a couple of minutes, watching the game and sipping their beers. It was something they'd done quite a few times over the past 3 months.

Matt suddenly lifted his head, his attention caught by something at reception. "Jesus mate, you should see this one coming," he grinned. "I saw her this morning at breakfast. Fucking tasty."

Paul sighed. He refrained from turning his head.

"She was checking me out too buddy," Matt continued, lowering his voice. Paul noted his eyes were tracking, no doubt watching the female as she walked into the bar. "Fucking peachy."

Paul watched his colleague smile over his shoulder. Out of the corner of his eye, she passed him. He raised his eyes, watching her as he walked to the bar. She was tall, maybe 5ft 9, and slim, with long dark hair, softly highlighted with blonde streaks. He exhaled slowly, taking in her tight, pencil black skirt that sat just below mid thigh, slender nylon clad legs and black high heels.

"Fucking special huh?" Matt grinned.

Paul nodded. He let his eyes linger on her tight white shirt, straining to confirm he could see a hint of a black bra.

"She was sat opposite me at breakfast," Matt continued in a hushed tone. "Wearing jeans and a tight fitting t-shirt. Fucking lovely. Kept smiling at me."

Paul sighed. He didn't know, or indeed care, if Matt was telling the truth. He also had no intention of ever cheating on his own fiancee. But that wouldn't stop him from subtly ogling the girl, and maybe fantasising about her later.

He was still staring when she turned around, wine glass in her hand. He noted her long, slim face, dainty nose and small, almost oriental eyes before he awkwardly averted his gaze. He fumbled his glass while Matt turned his head to follow her, smiling widely as she passed.

"Stunning," Matt whispered, lifting his glass and taking a gulp. "Fuck, she's sitting down."

Paul glanced at the bar, taking advantage of the mirrored backing to just make out her sitting two rows back, side on. He rolled his eyes. Matt would have a perfect view. Some guys have all the luck, he thought for a third time.

"Fuck, I'd do that," Matt grinned, his voice still low.

"You'd do anything," Paul retorted. He looked at the TV again.

"Oh come on mate. You have to admit? That's kinda special."

Paul sighed. "Yeh, I know. Wonder what she's doing here?"

Matt shrugged his shoulders. "Staying in the hotel obviously. Dunno, maybe on business. Looks a bit foreign, you reckon?"

Paul nodded. "A little bit oriental, I thought. Although not first generation."

"Oriental birds are well dirty," Matt smirked.

"I don't think she is actually oriental," Paul replied sharply, annoyed at his colleagues gross mis-generalisation. 

"Whatever," Matt said, looking straight over Paul's shoulder at the girl. "It's fucking awesome."

"She," Paul mumbled. "She is fucking awesome."

Matt furrowed his brow as he looked at him, then laughed. "Sorry, you're right. 'She' is awesome." Matt's expression suddenly changed. His eyes widened and he slow nodded appreciatively. "And 'she,' my friend," he added quietly, "is wearing stockings and suspenders."

Paul snapped his head away from the TV and looked at Matt. "Huh? How do you know?"

"Because she just crossed her legs and I can see the top of one of her thighs," Matt purred triumphantly. "And I can see her sussy belt too."

Paul sighed again. He so wanted to turn around, but he was both too shy and too polite to gawp so openly.

"Told you she was into me," Matt grinned smugly.

Paul shook his head in disbelief. They sat for several minutes, Paul watching the highlights of the goals while his colleague split his time between the TV and less-than-subtle glances at the girl.

"Mate, she's proper smiling at me," Matt whispered. "And flashing her fucking stockings. Fuck, I reckon she's proper dirty."

Paul picked up his glass and drained it. "Mate, you live in fantasy land." He chuckled. "Another beer?"

"I'm here for as long as she is," Matt laughed, draining his own glass.

Paul stood and up and walked across to the bar. He ordered two beers and half turned his body, hoping to catch a sneaky look at the girl. He was surprised when he saw her stand up. She smiled at him and he quickly turned back to the bar, embarrassed that she'd caught him staring. Although the mirror was angled downwards, he could make out her briefly stopping at their table. He snuck a glance, seeing her bending down and talking to Matt. She suddenly stood up and walked towards the bar, making Paul once again avert his eyes; his cheeks burning.

"Thank you," she said, sliding her empty glass to the barmaid. She smiled at Paul as she turned around. "Hi,"

"H..hi," he mumbled, but she was already walking away. His eyes followed her as she walked across the bar, bum swaying in that tight skirt.

"There are your beers," the barmaid said.

He waited until the girl was out of sight before picking up the beers and walking back to the table. Matt immediately turned to him, holding up a room key with the biggest grin Paul had ever seen. 

"Oh...my...god," Matt explained. "She's given me her room key!" He waved the key card at Paul as he sat down.

"She what?" Paul asked.

"She's given me her spare room key," Matt replied, almost breathless. "Fuck! Room 402."

Paul shook his head, stunned. "What? She just walked over and gave you it?"

"Pretty much," Matt grinned. He looked as bemused as Paul felt. "She said 'I've seen you looking at me. Do you like what you see?' I replied, 'well yes honey, you are stunning.' She just smiled at me and placed the card down on the table and said 'I get lonely in my room. Perhaps you could come and keep me company?' Fuck. I told you mate. Dirty."

Paul raised his glass and took a long gulp. "Are you being serious?"

"Fuck yes."

"I don't believe it. Fuck. She's what, basically inviting you up for...for a shag?" He shook his head.

"Looks like it. Fuck, did you make out those tits? Who the fuck is Lauren huh?"

Paul frowned. "What you going to do?"

Matt leaned back in his chair and stroked his chain. "I think I'm going to go and get laid."

"You are kidding right?" Paul exclaimed. "You don't even know who she is!"

Matt shrugged. "I don't want to befriend her mate. Did you see that body? Fuck, if she wants me to go and shag her, I'm not passing up that invitation."

"You're mental," Paul muttered. "She could be...be..." He wasn't entirely sure what she could be. It suddenly struck him they were near Kings Cross, a famous area in London with a particular reputation. "She could be a prostitute you know?" he whispered.

Matt burst out laughing. "Not in a hotel like this mate. Prozzies approach you on street corners. I reckon she's just a horny bitch, probably on business like us, saw me and fancied some action."

Paul shrugged. He knew nothing about the seedy world of prostitution, so he couldn't argue. He was about to remind Matt that he was engaged. But he bit his tongue.

Matt raised his glass and downed half of it in one go. He masked a belch then turned the card over in his fingers. 

"It's an offer I can't refuse buddy," he said slowly. "You understand right?"

Paul smiled meekly. He didn't. He didn't even feel jealous. His colleague was stupid, but it wasn't his place to advise him. "Your choice mate."

Matt nodded. "I kinda expected to be shagging Lauren tonight. So this should be a good alternative." He stood up and patted Paul's shoulder. "I'll tell you about it in the morning."

Paul rolled his eyes as Matt walked away. He had no enthusiasm for hearing the gory details of Matt's impending conquest.

———

Matt stepped into the elevator and pressed for floor 4. He tapped his wallet in his jacket pocket. He had two condoms in there, and he planned on using them both before he got back to his room. His heart beat was racing. He'd heard stories of desperate women in hotels offering themselves to random men for no strings sex. He didn't expect women like that to look as good as this one though. No strings sex. Perfect. He was onto a good thing with Sophie. A great lifestyle, no money worries. But she wasn't the best looking, and sex with her was boring.

The elevator pinged and he stepped out on the empty corridor. 402 was diagonally opposite. She'd told him just to let himself in. He stood at the door, took a deep breath and slid the card into the reader. He was almost surprised when the lights flickered green. This was it then.

He slowly pushed open the door and stepped inside. The room was just like his. Bathroom on the left, window at the far end. Bed in the recess next to the bathroom, sofa under the window, desk to the right. He let the door close behind him, noting that the room was dimly lit.

"Hello?" he said.

"Hello," came a reply from the far end of the room. "Come in."

He walked forward, firstly noticing a white shirt and black skirt draped over the back of the desk chair. He stopped as he saw her laying on the sofa.

"Whoa, fuck! " he gasped, his eyes widening as he looked at her.

Her elbow was resting on the left hand arm of the sofa as he looked at it. He gulped. His eyes slowly scanned her body. The heeled shoes, her long, slender stocking clad legs, the suspender straps loosely falling across her firm thighs, the hint of thin panties, the matching suspender belt around her waist and the black, see through bra holding in her large boobs.

"What's your name?" she asked softly.

"My...ummm...name?" He was stunned. "Matt...it's Matt." He could feel his cock stiffening.

"I'm Eva," she replied, smiling.

"Eva. Wow. Well, hello Eva," he grinned, taking a step forward.

"I saw you looking at me at breakfast," she smiled. He detected a hint of a foreign accent, but he couldn't place it.

"Got my day off to a great start," he grinned, winking at her. He looked at her face. Probably late twenties, he thought.

"Oh yes? Why was that?"

His eyes widened again as he saw her slide her hand down between her legs, her thumb slipping under the front of her sheer panelled panties.

"A honey like you?" he chuckled. "Those tight jeans, wiggling that firm ass. Made for a long day at work, I'll tell you."

She slipped her other hand over the front of her boobs. "Just my ass?"

Matt grinned. She wanted to be complimented. "Well, those tits kinda caught my eye too."

"These?" she replied, biting her lip as she slid down her left bra strap. Matt stepped forward, eyes fixated as she peeled down the left cup, revealing her large areloa and firm nipple.

"Christ yes," he gasped.

She smiled, sliding down the other strap and pushing her bra under the cups of her breasts.

"You are staying in the hotel, on business, yes?" 

"Uh huh. All week. You?" His eyes were fixed on her naked breasts.

She nodded. "Just last night. And tonight."

"On business? What do you do?" Matt asked. It was small talk, time to allow him to take in the incredible sexy body before him.

"I'm...ummm...a model," she smiled.

A model. Matt grinned. He was about to fuck a model. Could this get any better?

"I can see why," he smiled. "I'm guessing underwear?"

She shrugged her shoulders. "Sometimes. Sometimes naked too."

"Wow," he muttered. Maybe that's why she is horny, he thought. A day being photographed naked would surely be a turn on. Then back at the hotel, she saw him, knew he'd been checking her out at breakfast and again at the bar. He knew he was handsome. Why wouldn't she want to fuck him? He grinned.

She placed her fingers on her left boob, pressing firmly against her nipple.

"You are...ummm...married?" she asked.

"Does that bother you?" he replied, narrowing his eyes. 

She shrugged her shoulders.

"I'm not married," he grinned, satisfied it obviously didn't concern her. "Engaged." He didn't feel the need to lie; she obviously didn't care.

She nodded her head, eyeing him up and down.

"Engaged. But you want to fuck me, don't you?"

His eyes followed her fingers as she slipped them into her panties. His cock was nearly fully erect. "Christ yes."

She smiled, subtly running her tongue around her lips.

"And your fiancee? She won't mind?" She closed her eyes and her mouth fell open. Matt noticed that she was rubbing herself. My god, this chick was horny.
