 Billy pulled Ashley closer to him as one hand slid under her shirt. He traced the outline of her nipple through her bra. It felt so good to touch her like this again. But it was also so wrong. 

What am I doing?, he thought to himself. He had a girlfriend who loved him & had given him a wonderful life, & an equally wonderful son. Why was he risking that on the girl that broke his heart so long ago? 

Billy broke off their kiss & looked into Ashley's eyes. These weren't the eyes of the girl who tore his heart out. They were the eyes of the woman he could never stop loving. 

He kissed her again. Deep & passionately. His hands went under her bra & found her nipples. He felt like he was 17 all over again. Ten years felt like yesterday. 

Ashley responded with a moan. Her hands grabbed Billy's head & brought it down to her chest. Why did I ever let him go?, she thought. The answer was one she played over in her head many times. What had been the best at the time was wrong in hindsight, At least she had him now. That was all that matter. 

Billy raised her shirt & took one of her nipples into her mouth. It seemed like yesterday when he had lost his virginity to her. One hand cupped her breast while the other searched for something else. 

Her hands pulled Billy's head closer to her chest as she felt his hand reach her crotch. He had definitely improved since their first time together. He unsnapped her jean & ran his fingers slowly along her mound outside her panties. Yes, he was a lot better. 

Ashley's wetness soaked through her panties. He wanted to just push her down onto the sand & enter her but he wanted it to last. He kissed his way up Ashley's chest to her neck & ears. 

His nibbling had the desired effect. Ashley moaned & pushed Billy to the ground. Seems I pressed the right button, Billy thought to himself. 

Ashley couldn't believe what she was doing. She had wanted to just let Billy have his way with her but she couldn't wait. She straddled Billy & gave him a deep, sensual kiss. 

Then she slowly kissed her way down his neck to his chest. Billy arched his back as she sucked one of his nipples into her hungry mouth. Her hands went to his crotch & unzipped his pants. She had a little bit of a surprise as she reached into his jeans. 

No underwear. He really had changed hadn't he? 

Billy couldn't believe the sensations going through his body. Ashley continued to suck on his sensitive nipples as she gently started to stroke his hard cock. Pleasure was replaced by surprise & anticipation as she slowly kissed her way down to his crotch. She had never done that to him when they were younger. 

He's not the only one whose learned new tricks, Ashley thought to herself as she took Billy's cock into her mouth. Billy's moans & his hands running through her long auburn hair told her that he enjoyed it. But suddenly she felt herself being rolled over onto her back. Did she do something wrong? 

Billy saw the questioning look in her eyes but did not want to break the spell by talking. He kissed her then traced his way down her body. He ran his fingers through her neatly trimmed pubic hair. He pulled her pants & panties down as he kissed her thighs. She ran her hands through his hair & let out what sounded like....a growl? He had to be doing something right. 

Ashley couldn't believe the feelings that were coursing through her body. Man, did Billy know how to use his tongue. She had cum the instant he took her clit into his mouth 

& she was on the of cumming again. She had never had more than one orgasm a night. This felt incredible to her. It took all her strength to keep from screaming as she came again. 

When Ashley's hips pushed up into the air when she came again, Billy knew the time was right. He kissed his way up her body. Quickly sucked each nipple into his mouth before he continued up her body. As he gave her a deep, soulful kiss he slid his manhood into her. 

.

Ashley let out a sigh as she felt Billy enter her. She wrapped her legs around his waist as he he found his pace. It felt so good to have him inside her. She kissed him deeply as he slid into her. Why, oh why did I drive him away all those years ago? 

The feel of her around his cock & the taste of her tongue where almost too much for Billy. He slowed down. He wanted this to last. He didn't want it to be like the last time. An awkward grope fest where he came too quickly. There was another reason he didn't want it to be like the last time. The next day he found out she was pregnant by her what he thought was her ex-boyfriend. The day his heart was broken. 

Ashley could see it in his eyes. He was thinking about The Day. She wished she could live that time over but she couldn't. All she could do was love him now. And she did. With all her heart. 

She looked like an angel to him. Her hair formed a halo around her head. After all this time he still loved her. He pulled her tight to him & came inside her. He rolled over & brought her on top of him. 

He stroked her hair as she rested her head on his chest. I could stay like this forever she thought. God, please let me keep him this time. 

Billy stared at the stars. What a cruel joke you play, God, he thought to himself. When I had all my heart to give her you took her away from me. Now that I have a family, someone who loves me, you give her to me. What have I done? Can I ever be forgiven?