 "Yes, maybe so. I got a call from the school to come pick up Ashley. She got into a fight with that boy she has been seeing. She slapped him and he slapped her back. The school counselor said she needed more attention than she could offer. It is that boy. Ever since she started seeing him she has been like this. She thinks she is in love. I told her just because you let him fuck you doesn't mean you have to love him, but you know how girls are at that age. He is very jealous, following her, trying to control her. The bad part is she is trying to do the same with him. You should hear them talking on the phone. They yell at each other constantly," Cindy told me.

"Can't you straighten her out?" I said, smiling knowingly.

"You know how I am." Cindy said, rolling her eyes

That was the problem, Cindy couldn't do it. Here she was, divorced twice, two daughters by different husbands, and she had been too busy all these years trying to get fucked herself. It never occurred to her that she might be raising her daughters to turn out to be just like herself. It wasn't like she had much moral authority after all. Neither did I, after all I was fucking their mom and her daughters knew it, Natalie, the oldest, knew for sure. 

I knew exactly how Cindy was. So did her daughters. Although born to different fathers, with different temperaments and different looks, they were just like their mom in one very important way. They didn't know how to pick the right man and they needed to be fucked regularly and well. Even Cindy would agree with me.

"Hell, I admit I am not a role model. I even told Ashley when she and that boy had a their first fight the best way to get over one boy is to get fucked by another one. It is not like she was a virgin. Once I caught them in my living room and he was holding her up by her ass fucking her. You know she is petite like me. She had her arms around his neck and her legs wrapped around his waist. They were going at it like couple of wild animals. I got her on birth control pills the next day. Once a girl starts fucking she isn't likely to quit. I know that much," Cindy spouted off.

"Speaking from experience?" I quipped.

"Well, it's true. I noticed you don't seemed to mind that little shortcoming," she snapped back.

"Getting a little big for your britches aren't you, Cindy. You and all of your big talk."

"What are you going to to do? Spank me?" she said smiling, in a smartass voice.

"Oh you can be sure... You know you want it don't you?" I replied calmly.

She just dropped her eyes and squirmed in her seat. 

"Come on, lets go, I think you need some attention. I noticed you seem a little bitchy today."

Cindy picked up her purse and pulled her tight little skirt down. The squirming had caused it to ride up on her. Once composed she followed me to the entrance to the diner. 

When we got to the door I told her, "Get in front of me Cindy, I want to admire that ass of yours as you walk to the car." 

She stepped ahead of me and looked over her shoulder to see if I was looking. I knew how it made her feel to have me watch her like that. To have me look at her like I owned her, like her body belonged to me. Her ass was mine and she knew it. I just like to remind her from time to time.

Cindy wasn't a bad woman. She just lacked direction. She had made some bad choices. She had never had a man in her life that could meet her sexual needs for any length of time. She seemed to really enjoy me and the things I made her do. Of course, I enjoyed her too. Women like Cindy are made for a man like me.

"How is Natalie?" I asked in the car.

"You know, I still don't know if I feel right about all of this." Cindy replied.

"You can't argue with results Cindy. She left that asshole she was supporting and moved back in you. She helps with the bills. And frankly, I like things the way they are and even if you don't want to admit it, you do too," I replied.

You see one Sunday afternoon I had Cindy tied bent over the foot of the bed. Her legs spread and bound to each bedpost and her wrist tied behind her back. It was time for her Sunday afternoon whipping and ass fucking. It is just a little something I like to do to put a little structure in her life and remind her who is in charge. Usually I would gag her with her panties, but she was out of tape. As was usual, I had whipped her hard with my belt, almost to the point of tears, then I was fucking her in her ass, leaning over her and playing with her clit. She loved the emotional roller coaster ride. Cindy had gotten pretty loud with the moaning, but I thought we were alone in the house. What I didn't know was Natalie had come home and was in her old bedroom upstairs. Cindy knew of course but didn't tell me. She had learned to look forward to our little ritual and thought if I knew about it I might change my mind.

Anyway, I heard the floor creak outside the bedroom door. I pulled my dick out of Cindy, hard and wet, and opened to door to find her oldest daughter Natalie standing there in an over sized t-shirt and her hand in her panties.

Natalie looked nothing like Cindy or her younger sister. At twenty two she was tall,skinny and had breasts that were too big for the rest of her. Cindy told me she had a hard time finding bras, a size 32 DD. Natalie was fair skinned, with long dark wavy hair. She had always seemed quiet and shy to me nothing like her smart mouthed mother or sister.

She seemed in a state of shock. She looked at her mom tied to the bed and looked at my dick still heavy and hard and seemed to forget she had her hand in her panties. I asked her if she got off on what I was doing to her mom and she made a nasty face at me. I took her by her arm and led her to the guest bedroom next to her mom's. I pushed her on the bed and flipped her on her stomach, grabbing her hips and pulling her up on her knees. She said nothing as she gripped the bedspread in her fist, her t-shirt slipping up to expose those breasts hanging down. Her nipples were as hard as spikes. I grabbed the crotch of her panties and pulled them aside to find her hairy pussy covered in her juices. I played with her clit as it poked out from her cunt lips. I kept doing it as she obediently remained still until she came. She was her mothers daughter alright, a wanton wench. Once you touched her clit, you could make her do anything. She grunted as my dick slid into her in one smooth motion and I began to slam my hips into hers. She was a screamer it turned out and foul mouthed one at that. Nothing like the quiet, shy personality she presented in public. I am sure Cindy heard every sound. I think Natalie wanted to make sure she did. I wasn't sure about birth control so I pulled out of her and flipped her on her back and straddled her chest. I grabbed her hair and pulled her mouth to my cock and let her take it there. She licked it hungrily. I knew she would. I knew by the way she looked at my dick when I caught her standing in the door. 

Afterwards I told Natalie to go to her room and wait for me. I then went and finished what I was doing to her mom. Cindy tried to pretend she was pissed, but after I made her cum a couple of times, she was in a better mood to listen. She couldn't blame her daughter, hell she was tied to the bed being fucked in the ass after all. I told Cindy not to worry about anything, if I could give her what she needed I could do the same for Natalie and keep her from going back to that asshole pothead she had been supporting. I sat them both down and we cleared the air. I made them admit to each other and in front of me that they both wanted me. Neither of them could deny that they enjoyed what I had done. Each had been a witness to the other. There seemed to be some competition between them. They looked suspiciously at one another, but I told both of them to cut that out, that I could give both of them what they needed. I explained to Natalie that she could not see anyone else. As for as she was concerned, she belonged to me as much as her mom. From now on they were to express their carnal needs to me. I would accept them and take care of them and teach them how to please me. It was very simple really. They needed a man who could handle them and not be afraid give them what they needed, who accepted them, and would not reject them. Most men become afraid when as woman's sexual needs are unusual or what they consider excessive. Not me. I consider it rather attractive and challenging. And I do love a challenge.

"It just doesn't seem right," Cindy whined.

"Okay Cindy, why don't I just leave you alone. You can go back to fucking losers every time you get that tingle between your legs and you daughters can just keep on doing the same as they have. I noticed it seem to be working really well for you." I replied sarcastically. " You know how much you like the way I treat you. You know how you need it. I know how you are, what you want, what you need and you know I do. You know how how your daughters are. You have raised them to be just like you. You have seen how much better Natalie is now. It may be unconventional, darling, but it works. Do you want them to be miserable as you were before you met me?"

"No," she said sheepishly.

"It is not like they were my daughters. Heck they are barely even sisters. I am just a man who can give them what they need. I can accept them for what they are..."

"But I am afraid I might lose you!" Cindy cried.

"Do you see me going away Cindy? Am I not giving you enough of what you need?"

"No. Actually you get better every day. That is just it. I don't want to lose you."

"You won't lose me, I own you, you belong to me, I don't lose what is mine. Now be quiet. You don't want to ruin the rest of the evening do you?"