 She knew it was time to have a talk with him, so that night when he came home, she sat down next to him on the couch. 

"If we're going to spend the rest of our lives together, we've got to have better sex," she told him flatly. "I mean, it's ok, but the fire's not there, the magic in the sex that we had before is gone. It's like, every time we even get around to having sex, it's just in, out, and you get off. I need a lot more than that!"

She realized that she had raised her voice, caught up in her feelings and her need to get it out. She saw the hurt in his eyes. 

"Why didn't you ever tell me it wasn't good? You know I would do anything to please you... but you have to tell me. I'm not a mind reader!" he told her. "I love you more than anything and I want you to be happy. Hell, we can start right now. What do you want me to do?" he asked, standing up and facing her.

"I want you to take your time" she told him. "I want you to go sloooowly" she drew out the word to emphasize her point. "I want you to actually explore my body, every inch. I need you to touch me gently, kiss me all over, find every sensitive spot on me..." she trailed off as she realized how romantically silly her words sounded. 

But he didn't seem to think she was silly. He smiled down at her and slowly stripped off his shirt. She could feel herself getting wet just looking at his body. His chest and stomach were hard and defined, thanks to his hours at the gym. She loved how strong he was, and loved how deceptively gentle he could be when they had sex. She wanted the kind of sex that they had shared when it was new, when they had first started dating almost 5 years ago. 

He leaned over and picked her up from the couch, cradling her in his arms. She buried her face in the space between his neck and his shoulder, breathing in his familiar scent, a smell she loved. He carried her to the bedroom, and laid her gently on the bed. He moved away, then reached down and unbuttoned the clasp of her jeans. Slowly he slid the zipper down and tugged her pants off. When that was done he also pulled off her shirt. Lying in just her bra and panties, she felt her excitement mounting and knew that her wetness was visible to him even in the dim evening light. 

Slowly he began to massage her lower legs. He moved up her legs, over her torso, and onto her arms. He moved back over her chest, paying special attention to each nipple as his large hands passed over her firm breasts.

Finally, holding her head in his hands, he bent and kissed her, softly at first, then more insistent and his tongue probed her mouth, tasting her as she tasted him. 

He pulled away and placed his hand over her mound, moving in small circles over her with his fingers brushing her slit through her panties. She arched her body to meet his questing fingers, and he chuckled. "What's this?" he asked softly. "You want me to go slow and yet you seem impatient for attention. Which is it, baby? Fast or slow?" 

Without waiting for an answer, he pushed her panties aside and plunged 2 fingers into her hot wet pussy. She moaned and arched further as he pulled his fingers out and then shoved them back in. After the slow, tender beginning, this was a wonderful new pace and she was enjoying every second more than the last. When she thought the pleasure couldn't get any better, he withdrew his fingers and moved off the bed. 

"Oh shit, come back, oh damnit, I need it, please!" she moaned as he moved away.

"Don't worry babe, I'm coming right back" he assured her. She glanced at him and saw that he was fumbling at his own pants and boxers, trying to free his hard cock. Finally he got them off and moved back onto the bed.

Without saying a word she moved slightly to intercept him as he positioned himself to enter her. Instead, she took him into her mouth, surprising him. "You've been doing so well" she explained. "I figure a little payback would be nice." He sighed as her soft warm mouth descended on his shaft, tensing as she deepthroated him to the hilt. After a minute of this, she heard him moan. 

"Shit!" he gasped. "I'm not a god! You do that much longer and I won't be able to stop from cumming" he warned. 

"Well we wouldn't want that just yet, now would we?" she teased. 

She laid down and he entered her in one smooth thrust. His throbbing cock moved in and out of her pussy, sometimes slowly and gently, other times fast and hard. She loved it all. She didn't know how he was able to keep from cumming this long; it was much longer than he could ordinarily go. Her thoughts faded as the pleasure in her pussy increased.

She pulled away and moved to her hands and knees. Looking over her shoulder at him, she told him, "I want it hard and fast, ok?" He nodded and pushed into her. As she had asked, he began to fuck her hard and fast, his skin slapping hers loudly. Suddenly, on impulse, he smacked her lightly on the ass.

"Oh my GOD!" she yelled. "Oh yeah, please, baby, hit me again, mmmm!"

He smacked her again, a little harder, on the opposite cheek. After he was positive that he wasn't hurting her, he began to spank her as he fucked her, harder and harder as he fucked her faster. He knew he was just about there, and he could feel her climax coming. "Come on baby" he whispered. "Come with me, come on, come on, come on" he grunted as he thrust one final time into her. He held her hips and pulled her onto him as his cum shot from his cock in an explosion of pleasure he had never felt before. At the same time she moaned and he could feel her pussy pulsing around his cock, and he knew she had cum as well.

Slowly they collapsed onto the bed. He held her close and she kissed him softly. 

"How was that, was it good enough for you?" he asked. 

"Better. But I'm definitely not going to be satisfied with anything less than that from now on!" she told him. 

He pulled her closer and kissed her neck. "That's fine by me babe" he assured her.