 I was sitting on his couch. It was only our fourth date, but my mind was made up this was to be the night. Though the movie we were watching was one I'd wanted to see for a while, I hadn't been paying attention at all. The only thing I could think of was the way his fingers were slowly making their way from me knee to the inside of my thigh, then back down again. He'd been torturing me with this for the last twenty minutes, and I knew I would soon burst if he didn't make a move soon.

Tired of waiting, I finally turned my face to his and kissed him. It was a good kiss, soft and sweet. Right before I pulled my mouth from his, however, he took my bottom lip between his teeth and bit. I could feel the air rush into my lungs as I gasped in shock, and the jolt that ran through my body caused me to throw my arms around his neck and lean into the kiss. His mouth began working furiously over mine, his tongue playing with mine, then slipping out to trace the outline of my lips. Soon, I felt his hands on the hem of my shirt. Impatiently, I grabbed one and pressed it against my breast. As he squeezed, I could feel myself getting wetter and wetter. 

I turned and climbed into his lap, never breaking from his lips. Straddling his lap, I opened my eyes to look down into his. They were open as well, and I could see he was almost as frantic as I was. Moving my ass gently on his lap, I could feel his cock getting harder. It was bigger than I'd imagined. The thought of it plunging into my dripping pussy was almost too much, and I started moving faster against him. 

At that moment, he grabbed both my wrists in one of his large hands and flipped me onto my back. Pinning my arms over my head, his other hand began to explore the rest of my body. His finger stroked their way down my face and neck, finding their way to top button of my shirt. I felt it snap open, then felt his mouth press onto the newly exposed skin. Arching my back towards him, I pulled my hands free and reached between us. Unbuckling his pants, I reached inside to take his cock in my hands. I could feel his gasp as I gently stroked it up and down. 

Removing my hand, I unfastened my own jeans and wiggled out of them and my panties at the same time. My pussy was so wet, I could feel the juices running down the inside of my legs. I arched my pussy towards him again, but he backed away as he started removing his own clothes. Then, I felt him unbuttoning my shirt the rest of the way. Sitting up and shrugging out of it, I unclasped my bra and let it fall to the floor as well. My nipples were aching hard, and I couldn't stop myself from reaching up and pinching them. 

When he saw this, he slapped my hands away from my breasts and replaced them with his mouth as I laid back and enjoyed the sucking of his lips on my hard nipples. 

"Bite them," I cried, and I felt his teeth push into one as his fingers reached to pinch the other one. I could feel my pussy begin to throb.

Suddenly, his mouth disappeared from my breasts, and I felt his slide down on my body. His tongue traced a path down my stomach and around my belly button.

"Open your legs for me," he whispered, and I felt his hands on the inside of my thighs, gently pushing them apart. A moment later, I felt a finger gently working its way down my pussy. I don't think I've ever been so wet in my life, and my hips began to move around, seeking the relief he was now teasing me with.

"Not yet, baby. Just relax." I realized I could feel his breath between my legs, and my back arched again in anticipation of his tongue on my pussy. With his fingers slowing probing my lips apart, he ran his tongue softly around my clit, then down and dipped it into me. My hips began rocking against his mouth, and I felt his lips close around my clit and begin to suck me softly, flicking his tongue against me.

Putting my fingers into his hair and pushing him harder into me, I spread my legs open as far as they would go, as my pussy bucked and rocked against his face. His hands reached to my nipples and squeezed hard. 

"I'm going to cum. Eat me harder, I'm going to cum." His mouth was frantic now, and my hands were pushing his face into my pussy hard as I felt the first waves of my orgasm. My pussy throbbed hard, and I bit my lips against the scream wanting to come out. 

"Oh, god. Oh, god!" His fingers rammed hard into my dripping hole, and I rode out the orgasm while he finger fucked me and squeezed my nipples.

"That's it, baby. That's it. Cum for me hard. Cum just for me. You like my fingers in your pussy?"

"Yes, yes!" I screamed.

It didn't take him anytime to reach up and flip me over onto my hands and knees. I felt the head of his cock against my cunt, and I pushed back until it filled me as far as possible. 

He grabbed my hips and started banging his huge dick into my pussy over and over again, pulling me against his harder each time.

"You like that cock, baby? Am I fucking you good? Fuck! You're so tight, your pussy feel so good!"

"Fuck me. Fuck me harder. HARDER!"

He was fucking me hard, and I started moaning louder and louder as I could feel him tremble. Smacking me hard on the ass, he pumped his cock into me once more, and I could feel as his hot cum squirted into my pussy.

He pulled out of me, and laid back, sliding underneath me. Grabbing my hips, he pulled me up on his body, until my pussy was just above his face.

"Your pussy is so wet, baby. I want you to ride my face. Rub your pussy all over my face."

He grabbed hold of my ass and pulled my pussy down to his mouth, as I began rocking back and forth on his face. I could feel our juices flowing out of my cunt and onto him. I sat up and slid down onto his tongue when he stuck it out. Fucking his tongue was almost as good as fucking his dick. One of the hands on my ass started moving inward, and I could feel his finger probing for my asshole. When they found it and began to rub, then push into it, I started humping his face faster and faster.

Leaning forward, I took his still hard dick into my mouth and started sucking it. His dick was in my mouth and his tongue was in my pussy.

"Fuck me! Fuck me with your tongue! Oh, god! Fuck me hard!"

I felt him cum into my mouth at the same time I cum into his. I licked his cock clean, as I felt his lips close around my pussy and suck the last of the cum from me.

I fell off of him then, exhausted.

"How about that movie now?"