 Maggie hated Valentine's day. It was nothing more then a day for people to brag about what they had and rub it into their unattached friends' faces. This attitude and owning a flower shop didn't mix. So she did her best for her multitudes of customers, she always did her best. But she left early that day leaving the last minute shoppers to the other girls; all the orders were done and picked up. All that was left were the flowers in the case.

Owning a business at twenty seven was hard work. But it was all worth it when it came to Evan, even Valentine's was worth because of Evan. It had just been her and her son all five years of his life. His father had been a smooth talking friend who she thought really cared about her. When she discovered she was pregnant however, he was nowhere to be found. She was okay with that, as long as she had Evan.

As Maggie rode the bus toward Evan's school she pondered what it would have been like if Evan had a real father. Two incomes, a better apartment, a car. It as so hard being alone. Then there were the memories. Memories of words whispered in her ear, strong hands on her body. Memories, that turned into dreams, that left her wide awake and sweating in the middle of the night. Once she calmed her racing heart she often cried herself back to sleep. 

She had tried dating once or twice. Finding a sitter was a pain, and most men she found were annoyed about how much she talked about her son. So she had given up, Evan was the only man she needed. 

When she walked up to the school she noted her son wasn't out playing with the rest of the children. Panic started to creep into her heart as she sought out the supervising teacher. "Ms. Callahan, where's Evan?"

"Oh Ms. Walters," The elderly teacher greeted her, "Evan was brought to the nurse's office, nothing..."

Maggie brushed past the old woman and into the school. What did she mean her son was at the nurse's office? Was he hurt? Sick? She came around the corner and skidded to a stop. There was Evan, his dark head and big blue eyes smiling up at the nurse who offered him a purple sucker. Her eyes scanned him, he looked unhurt except a large bandage across his knee. Holding her son's hand however was a man in a casual dress jacket and jeans. Nice jeans. Her eyes scanned the man; her maternal brain subconsciously looking for a threat. He wasn't very old, maybe his early thirties and so very handsome. He had dark close cropped hair and an easy smile. Then he looked up and the smile broadened, reaching his crystal blue eyes.

"Mrs. Walters I presume?" He asked in an easy humorous tone. 

Evan spotted her, "Mommy!" He cheered releasing the man's hand and came running with a dramatic limp down the hall way.

Maggie caught him and examined him again, "Evan darling what happened? I was so scarred when you weren't out side."

"I'm sorry Mommy." The boy told her giving her another hug.

"No worries, Mrs. Walters, a bigger boy knocked him down and scraped his knee. He didn't even cry, did ya Evan?" The man told her joining them.

Evan shook his head and popped the purple sucker into his mouth. Maggie stood up, "Thank you, Mr...." She tried unable to place this man amongst Evan's teachers.

The man offered his hand, "Taylor, but every one calls me Will," He shrugged, "Except the kids of course. And don't worry about the other boy he's waiting for his parents outside my office."

"Your office sir?... I mean, Will?" She corrected herself. This man was completely flustering, and she didn't even know who he was.

"I'm the assistant principal Mrs. Walters, new this year but I think I'm getting the hang of things."

"Oh." She exclaimed finally understanding; he was so young. "And it's Maggie please, thank you for taking care of Evan for me. Do you have all your things honey?" She asked the boy trying to distract herself. Just then the smiling young nurse appeared with Evan's Spiderman back pack. Mr. Taylor, or Will. took it from her with a thank you. "Oh, I can take that thank you."

"I've got it," he motioned for them to head outside. "Evan is quite a young man Maggie, you and your husband should be very proud of him."

"Oh, I'm not married." Her mouth answered before she could control it, "I mean it's just me and Evan, but thank you."

"You take care of your mom buddy?" The assistant principal asked the little boy. Busy with his sucker the boy nodded vigorously, and Maggie smiled down at him.

Will couldn't believe his eyes when he spotted the delicate woman down the hall; amber eyes wide in maternal alarm. She had a riot of dark auburn waves around her face and porcelain skin smeared with dirt across one cheek. Dirt as under her nails, and she was dressed in a worn out flannel and worn jeans. When she caught her son she turned just enough for him to spot the dirty hand print on her back side. The woman was gorgeous. And when she smiled...

He walked with them out to the front steps of the school where Maggie held out her hand for the bag, "Thank you again Will, we should be going."

"I'll walk you to your car, it's not too often I get the praise my students in front of their parents." He offered with his disarming smile.

Maggie wanted to melt. "We don't have car, we ride the bus, its not far." She told him.

"Then let me give you a ride, I would be just leaving myself, it's no bother."

Maggie was suddenly aware of how dirty she was, "Oh we couldn't, me especially, I'm a mess..."She protested.

"You're fine, beautiful, I insist." He gently took her hand before she could protest further and led her around the building to the employee parking lot. He held open the door to a shiny black SUV. Maggie was a little stunned, here she was covered in dirt, and this sweet handsome man was offering her a ride in his forty thousand dollar car. Without hesitation however Evan let go of her and tried to climb up into the seat. Will had to pick him up and naturally helped the little boy buckle up. Maggie was momentarily lost in her musing from earlier, Evan with a daddy. She shook the thought away, she hardly knew this man.

"Well I guess it's decided." She shrugged stepping up into the passenger seat as Will held the door for her. As she buckled the set belt she peaked back at her content five year old. "Try not get that sucker on anything honey, we're guests." She told him

Will laughed, "It will wash off, I'm not worried."

As she directed Will toward their apartment they also talked about other things. Normal things, and Maggie began to relax. The longer she and Will talked the more relaxed she was, she found she really liked this young man. She let herself hope perhaps he did too, and perhaps they could try to work things out. He obviously didn't mind children, and Evan liked him. When he pulled up outside of their apartment building she heard herself say, "Would you like to come up? We can order pizza as a thank you for everything."

He agreed leaving his sport coat in the truck. Evan was still playing up the injured knee with his dramatic limp so Will carried him up the two flights of stairs to their small home. Life seemed to resume as normal or a few minutes while Maggie went to change and wash up, and Evan ran for the television; limp mysteriously gone. When Maggie came out she found Will ordering pizza, using a piece of mail for an address. She shot him a dirty look and he winked at her.

By the end of the night Maggie was unsure what it was like not having Will there. The apartment was small but the young man seemed to fit so seamlessly. Evan was overjoyed to have another person to show off for and dominated much of the young man's attention. However once Maggie got the little boy in the bath tub Will surprised her in the hallway.

He sidled up close to her, his hands around her back as if not quite sure if this was okay. "I know this is all a bit sudden, but I really want to get to know you and Evan."

"I feel like we've known you forever." Maggie admitted a little breathless.

He leaned down to gently brush his lips against hers and she responded wanting more. He kissed her deep and hard and she pressed herself against him. Then Evan called from the bathroom. They both relaxed, their passion quickly evaporating. Will laughed against her neck.

Maggie pulled away, "Better get used to it." She warned playfully. Turning toward the bathroom.

Will pulled her back for another kiss, "It's worth it." 

They didn't get to return to their pent up passion until the little boy fell asleep between them on the couch. Maggie went to pick him up, but Will told her he had it and gently lifted the limp little boy in his arms, bringing him to his bedroom. When Will came out gently shutting the door behind them he found Maggie in the dim kitchen sorting through papers and valentines from Evan's bag. He came up behind her pulling her against him and kissing her neck. Maggie relaxed into him still holding a homemade valentine in her hand. 

"Happy Valentine's day," He murmured.

She laughed softly pinning the valentine to the fridge, and turning to face him. "Happy Valentine's Day, but you know what would make a great valentine?" She asked playfully her hands on his waist.

He devoured her mouth with another kiss, "That not hat I came here for." He told her breathless, she could feel him hard against her thigh.

"I know, that's why I'm offering." After a few more kisses she pulled away, "But we'll have to be quiet."

He pulled her close laughing softly against her neck. Then he pulled off her shirt. He wanted her right there against the counter, feet from the little boy's room. His mouth sucked in one of her breasts and she had to bite her lip to keep from crying out. Sliding away from him she pulled him toward her bedroom. He followed removing his shirt. Maggie swallowed, god he was beautiful. Once safely behind doors she pinned him to the door kissing him hard and deep. His hands unclasped her bra so he nipples could brush against his chest, then the ventured down to pull off her pants. 

Maggie had already worked his fly free and was groping inside for his cock as her mouth bit his nipple. Will relaxed against the door as Maggie pushed his pants to the floor. She knelt between his legs, his erection in her hands. Will didn't think he had ever seen a more beautiful sight. Then she opened her mouth. It was all he could do not to cry out when she suckled him; her tongue playing with his head, her hand stroking his length. She took him deep again and again, groaning against him. She nipped and sucked on his balls, then swallowed him again. Just hen he thought he couldn't last any longer she pulled away.

She stood up grinning devilishly. God, he wanted to make her scream. He picked her up and carried her to the bed. But when they sat down, the mattress protested with a loud groan. Will froze and Maggie stifled her giggles against his chest. As she began once again to lick his nipple, he lowered her to the floor. She lay there with her knees wide waiting for him. He teased her a little, brushing his tip against her opening and making her gasp. Then slid inside. She was tight, she hadn't done this in a while but he didn't seem to hurt her, so he pressed deeper. Maggie stifled her whimper. He took her slow, wanting it to last. His hands ventured from her hips up to her gently bouncing breasts, she arched her back into his hands. 

He jerked into her harder and she gasped rocking her hips to meet him. He leaned forward pinning her arms above her head and drove into her hard. Maggie concentrated on breathing and not crying out and he rode her. God he felt so good, too good. She wrapped her legs around his hips and pressed into him. She was so close, he was so close. She could feel him throbbing in time with her. She whimpered into his shoulder stifling her cries as best she could. Until he exploded inside her letting out a harsh staggering breath.

She lay back and he relaxed down on top of her. "Holy shit." She breathed.

"Do you think we woke him?" Will asked out of breath.

Maggie shook her head and swallowed, "No, but my down stairs neighbors are probably pissed." 

He laughed against her neck, "I can handle neighbors, I explaining to a five year old why his mom is screaming is not on my to do list." Earning Maggie's stifled laughter.