 This is chapter three in the story.

3. TO BE OR NOT TO BE...

I'd had time since that club dinner and that 'night' when my darling sneaky wife had popped the 'question' to process my reaction to Rebecca's teasing and taunts. I'd deduced that my reaction wasn't entirely unexpected. I loved my wife unconditionally. She was so far and away my superior in all things and the words 'I worshiped her' did bounce about in my mind like a super-ball on crack in a squash court. Yes, I adored her and I liked showing her off. She had always flirted in front of me, but never before to this extreme. This was 'flirtation' on a different level! But I always consoled myself in the knowledge that I had a security blanket, in that my gorgeous girl would always seek out her rock and return to me arms outstretched.

But the look in her eyes that 'night' had scared me shitless. Could I lose her to another man? Was his 'rock' bigger than mine?

'How would you feel if I cuckolded you?' That 'hypothetical' question still resounded about my head like the gong in a bell chamber.

A week after 'that' night in the club restaurant, I was working on season two, episode three of the series when the phone rang. The girls were at child care because it was a Wednesday, my 'free' day.

"Hey honey, watcha up too?" My wife chirped and before I could answer or say anything for that matter she rattled on. "I just wanted to ring and tell you that me and Matty are going to lunch at Bernie's. We aren't doing our love scene until later this afternoon, so would you like to join us there, for something to eat?" She sounded excited!

Now, what do you say in reply to this somewhat innocent invite to lunch? 'Hell no...' that's what I wanted to scream loudly from the mountain tops! 'Get the fuck away from that prick, can't you see he just wants into your panties?! No fucking way in hell I'm going to sit in front of that smug bastard and listen to him woo you while you flash those big thick gorgeous lashes and coo like a love sick dove!!'

"Um, okay, honey, I'll see you there." God I was useless.

Thirty minutes later I watched them walk in to the café holding hands, and Rebecca spied me and waved happily. She didn't drop the hand or appear one bit concerned with the familiarity! More cold shivers! This feeling was beginning to feel strangely normal. To add to my state of anxiety she bounced her hip against his as they walked toward me, and both grinned like lovers.

Sheeet...!

"Hey bro..." Smug-head stretched his paw and crushed my hand as usual. "Glad you could join us!" The familiar smirk ensued.

Who was joining who? I suddenly realized I was the third wheel!

"Hello Matt..." I shook his vice... disguised as a hand, and then faced Rebecca. "Honey..." I went for her lips but she turned her face and I smacked her cheek, me all puckered up and closed eyed. She actually blushed, like I was being a bit forward!

"Hi darling, thanks for joining us." Rebecca smiled. "We had a lengthy break before our love scene together later, so we decided to take a long lunch." She sat and smoothed the short inadequate dress. Her legs were bare and oh so long, accentuated further by her crossing them and tilting them to one side. One white platform sandal hung from her red toenail tipped foot. "How about some drinks honey, I'll have the usual and you Matt?"

"Just a beer bro, Heineken light. I gotta stay focused. Big love scene coming up later, and I don't want to hinder my performance." He chuckled at his double in-tender, and Rebecca smacked his arm playfully. I felt ill...

"I'm sure you'll perform just fine baby..." She realized that this time the 'slip' was out. She was obviously used to calling him 'baby', her pet name for him. I was always just plain 'honey' never 'baby'. She actually blushed again! I just glanced away feeling foolish, and set a destination to the bar. I barely overheard her whisper 'shit, I didn't mean to call you that' as I moved out of range. I did hear him laugh though!

I tried to remain calm; pretending to read what was clearly written in hieroglyphics, with blurred fuzzy vision, on the lunch menu. Rebecca had donned her reading glasses as she too perused the selection. God she looked cute. They sat close... again. Matt's right hand was beneath the table and I could see his upper arm moving gently. She was oscillating to the same tempo as the arm movement.

Double shit...

"Hey Kev, I want to ask you something bro." He sat back, but the arm kept its motion. I placed the unreadable menu and glanced up nervously. "Does it bother you that this afternoon I'll be in bed with your lovely wife? I just want to be upfront bro, like no secrets and shit man. It's just acting, but I don't know how you feel about it?" He looked interested... 

Rebecca interjected. "Please honey bun, we wanted to talk to you about what is going to happen later, and we just want to be honest and up front as Matt says. Are we on the same page here?" My wife examined me and smiled gently, knowingly. The room swam...

"I don't know what you mean... the same page?"

She looked disappointed with me. "Oh honey, you know what we mean. I've asked the question before, and you've never given me a straight answer. Would you like me to cuckold you?"

My jaw did drop, believe me! She had just said that in front of Matt! Okay she'd danced around it before, but I always thought she was just playing to a fantasy, teasing me. Shit, was it really a fantasy? And to just come out and ask me in front of my nemesis, the guy she was obviously promoting as her choice, her partner... in an extra marital affair!

"Hey bro, it's cool. If you're into it I'd be happy to help out. Becky says you like the idea, and since we'll be doing heaps of love scenes together, and we want to make our love scenes look authentic, we thought it might be good to do it for real first, just to get used to having each other close, you know, like a test run." He actually conveyed a look of expectancy!

Where was that fucking fork?!

"Oh honey, it would be just for a while why we do the initial scenes. Matt could fuck me in my dressing room, and then we'd be much calmer on set. But beneath the covers he could still enter me, just to make the act seem real... well it would be real, but Matt wouldn't need to ejaculate because he'd already have it out of his system." She said that piece brightly confident in my acquiescence! What the...

I sat open mouthed like a guppy. Evidently that was her cue to continue!

"But, if you're okay with it, we could then perhaps continue seeing each other after, like as boyfriend and girlfriend." Rebecca cooed and held my hand. "You know Matt is stroking my thigh beneath the table darling, you've known that since we started eating. His hand is feathering my pussy right now, just over my wet panties. Does that excite you beautiful?"

Shit, I wished I could talk, but there was an anaconda stifling the air out of my lungs. Tight; I was so very... tight!

"Oh god, he's pushing a finger inside me now honey..." My pretty wife closed her eyes and hissed. 

Something snapped! I rose, slammed my fork into the table and it actually quivered upright and in place! The crash snapped every patron's attention. The wine glass fell and splintered onto the floor. I stormed out, red, embarrassed and in tears! I barely heard the call to 'wait honey...'

Yes she caught up with me, her heels clicking frantically on the sidewalk behind me. I could have walked faster but blurred vision caused me to collide regularly into innocent and disgruntled oncoming pedestrians. I should have zigged when I zagged!

"Wait honey... Kevin Andrew Diamond, stop this second!!" The sweet familiar voice screamed and I froze. She puffed up beside me and grabbed my hand. "Honey, we thought it was what you wanted! We watched you last time in the restaurant and I've seen you after I flirt and tease you, and you like it mister, and don't you dare deny it! Be a man and grow a set and admit that we're right. You like showing me off and I like doing it to please you. This is no different, just at a higher level." She was pleading her case on the busy footpath as I feigned reluctance by extracting her intertwining arm from mine like I was a child in tantrum.

"This is neither the time nor the place to discuss this shit..." I noted a curious bystander had stopped to check us out. Perhaps she recognized Rebecca's familiar face. "We'll talk later." I marched away leaving her standing forlornly in place. I heard the woman excitedly ask her for an autograph. Fuck...

I sat in my office all that afternoon contemplating my angst. Trying to project any sense onto my current dilemma was beyond doable. I was stewing and frantically stroking my dick! At this very moment my wife was likely on her back as that shithead plowed her married pussy. I replayed those words in my head. 'He could still enter me, just to make the act seem 'real''. What kind of logic was that anyway!? Of course it was fucking real! I could imagine him warming her up in the dressing room bent over the vanity as he sawed her eagerly from behind. O god, I ran to the bathroom as I exploded in my hand! This wasn't good...

An hour later the door opened. I was gathering car keys to go fetch the kids. Rebecca strode in, glanced at me looking furious and hissed.

"We called this afternoon's shoot off. I said I felt sick!" Her eyes momentarily pierced mine and she glared. "You're a real prick, you know that. A lying deceitful prick!" She stomped from the room and a moment later the bedroom door slammed!

Okay, this was bad. I headed for the child care center contemplating my approach. How was I even at fault? She was the one suggesting she fuck her leading man! I was her husband for god's sake, and yet... I felt guilty!

Okay, I admit that her being pleasured by another man was arousing beyond belief, but there was a chasm between reality and fantasy, wasn't there? 

My stupid fantasy had caused me to write those love scenes in the first place, but it was just 'acting' and supposedly faked and simulated. Who was I kidding? How do you have a love scene without the up close and personal aspect? And if I were the director I'd want to see a flash of boob or at least a hand clasped over one. As for simulated sex, well that was always going to be a tough gig. But, how did all that get morphed into my wife actually having sex with her co-star, a man I utterly detested? Perhaps, if I liked the guy...?

The twins excitedly told me about their day, holding up ridiculously large sheets of white paper covered in vivid scrolled dashes of squiggles applied by frantic and excited little fingers.

"Look daddy, mine's a wabbit!" Marcy held her creation aloft. How she interpreted that impressionist piece as a rabbit god only knew.

"I drewed you and mommy!" Sandy joined Marcy's call for attention and tried to muzzle her sister's picture to one side. A scuffle ensued and I heard squeals and tears. Oh shit... My day was barreling down hill at a fast rate of knots.

I snuck into our bedroom. Rebecca was fetal curled under the covers.

"Hey, I'm sorry if I upset you, but you kind of broadsided me." I sank onto the bed and hesitantly patted her bare shoulder visible above the wrapped sheet. I waited... no response. Okay. "If we had of talked more, well perhaps I..." I forged on hesitantly but she rolled over and frowned; those silver blue eyes dared me to continue.

"We did talk about it." She spoke quietly. "I asked if you wanted me to cuckold you and you went off like a fire cracker... probably came the hardest I've ever seen you blow! I've flirted with Matt in front of you on many occasions and danced with him while he groped my ass and I ground his cock against my wet pussy. You never said a thing! Not once did you pull me away, or punch him in the face! No, you just sat back and watched it all happen while your dick did handstands!" She was on a roll. "You wrote that script with the full knowledge that we'd be having fake sex together. I mean how fake is 'fake'! He'll be groping me and kissing me and simulating fucking me. He'll see me nude and I'll see him nude. He'll have a hard-on, unless he isn't human! You must know all of this and yet you continually deny yourself, your fantasy and your ultimate wish... that this becomes a reality!" She finished the tirade and flopped back over.

Okay... now what to say? Was this factual? Was I in denial?

"Alright, I guess I'm somewhat guilty, but fantasy is fantasy. What you delivered today... and in front of a man I detest; was like shooting me in the back. I wasn't expecting it!"

"Oh grow a set Kevin. That's bullshit. Pure denial of what you really want! I tried to play to your needs and at the same time it was exciting for me too. The thought of me actually fucking Matt at work and then coming back home and telling you all about it was really hot, and now you've gone and spoiled it all." She actually started sobbing!

Shit! This was really spiraling out of control.

"And when did you ever hate Matt? You never once said anything about that!" She turned back over to face me. "Are you jealous of him?" She almost said that gleefully, the crocodile tears seemingly vanishing into thin air! Which part of this charade was the actress at the height of her career and which part was my distressed wife just politely asking permission to fuck another man!

Okay, either scenario was bad. I was confused.

"Yeah, well maybe it is jealousy. I love you so much Honey and the thought of you and him... like together... makes me crazy dizzy."

"Crazy dizzy good or crazy dizzy bad?" She grinned and pulled me down to her level and whispered into my ear. "Would you go insane if you knew he was fucking me, making me cry out his name over and over as he slams his big cock into me? He does have a really big cock darling, so much bigger than yours. He'd really stretch me and hurt me honey. Wouldn't that be just lovely?" She chuckled and a wet tongue found my ear! I trembled... I couldn't help it!

Were the hell did this creature come from, and where was my demure little wife? She rubbed my sparking rocket, and deliberately lit the fuse!

"You always make me feel dizzy good, but it's just a fantasy and..."

"We can make it a reality. Would you like that, my beautiful husband?" She pinched the head of my dick and I yelled some incomprehensible blasphemy! "Just imagine that big cock, the one belonging to a man you hate, sinking into your pretty wife as she squirms in his big muscly arms." She giggled. "You want it, don't you pretty boy. You want it to happen. Say it darling; say you want that for your goddess." She was Delilah reincarnate! She hissed into my ear and squeezed her hand... hard.

To say I came hard would be denial. I came like two steam trains colliding in a dark tunnel. The cataclysm was confined mostly to a precise location somewhere in a deep recess of my poor brain. I blacked out. I did hear the long hard wail of a strangely detached voice scream "YEEEESSSS" just before the darkness descended.

I may have even heard my delighted scheming wife laugh hysterically?

****