 “What she needs is to find a guy like you,” Cindy said smiling.

“What do you mean?” I asked.

“Well, you got me straightened out. I can sleep without pills, no more antidepressants…, I feel so much better about my self….

Cindy was right. Although she knew how to be professional in her public life, she was a mess when I met her. Although still cute at forty-one with her curly blonde hair, a new breast job, and girlish petite figure, she had been dating a bunch of guys who had just wanted to fuck her and forget her. She had been married twice, with two daughters, one who was twenty-two and another who was eighteen, each born by different fathers who didn’t give a shit about them. Cindy was easy. I fucked her on our first date. She was a hot little piece of tail. She just needed a guy who knew how to handle her, give her a little discipline.

Like I said Cindy was easy. I met her on the Internet. She seemed okay the first time I met her face to face, very together. It was obvious she had met people this way before. She played it safe with me, she seemed a little stiff at first, even distant. We traded horror stories about meeting people on the Internet. I told her how one woman used a ten-year-old picture, before she had gained forty pounds. She told me how one of her friends had gone out with a guy and he raped her. She had a hard time looking directly at me. She worked in Human Resources and I am sure that had an effect on her behavior. You know how those human resources types are, they want to know all about you but never give out much information about themselves. She liked me though. Not in a friendly way, but in a, “I am thinking about how it would be to fuck you” sort of way. I could tell. That was why she was constantly averting her eyes. She didn’t want to give herself away. That was why she was always squirming in her chair; she was feeling it between her legs. I never let on that I new. We had a drink and a sandwich and I asked her if she would like to go out that Saturday. She said yes, trying not to sound too enthusiastic.

We had dinner and went to listen to some music on that first date. I asked her about some of the men in her life. I figured she had had enough liquor to loosen up. She blamed her first divorce on herself. That was refreshing. Few women do. The second divorce she blamed on his infidelity. The last guy she dated apparently would have rather played golf than stay in bed with her. I didn’t comment, but to say that a guy would be foolish to leave her alone in bed to play golf. Her pupils dilated when she heard that. I could sense that these men had probably been intimidated by Cindy’s sex drive. She obviously was a woman who needed fucking often and well no matter how hard she tried to hide it. Some men are afraid of that. I am not.

We got up to leave. I led the way. She followed me to the car. I went around to her side and opened her door. She got in without even looking at me. 

Back at my place I got out of the car and walked to the door. Cindy got out on her own and followed me. Once inside I fixed her a drink and we sat on the sofa and chatted. With her glass almost empty, I took it from her and took her hand and stood her up. It was the first time I had touched her. She knew what for and we kissed. She could feel my cock stiffen against her belly and she began to grind herself against it. I broke the kiss and took her hand to lead her to my bedroom. She pulled back and said no, it was too soon. I just pulled her petite little ass harder, down the hall, into my room and flung her on her back on the bed. She raised up on her elbows and said she really didn’t want to do this. I quickly reached up under her skirt and in one motion pulled her pantyhose and panties from her hips to her ankles. I told her she was lying and leaned over her and kissed her softly at first and then let my tongue slip from between my lips and into hers. My tongue then made a soft fucking motion as hers fought back. I told her that she could tell her friend how she was raped on an Internet date now and I turned her over. I reached into my slacks and pulled out my cock, aiming it at her ass. I didn’t have to guess, I knew she was wet as my dick slipped easily into her pussy from behind. Her ankles restrained by the pantyhose. I took her arms and pulled them behind her. Slipping my belt out of my slacks I tied them together and flipped her over on her back again. I made her suck me until I came in her mouth and to my surprise she eagerly swallowed. The woman who was awhile ago chatting away so coolly, so professionally was now tied up on my bed and acting like a slut. Within five minutes of the first time I had ever touched her I had my cock in her pussy. I fucked her till she was too sore to walk that night. She must have cum at least five or six times. She woke me twice before morning, playing with my dick, wanting to be fucked again.

Cindy was the kind of women who needed that from a man, a man who didn’t take no for an answer, who took what he wanted, who led the way and made her want to follow him. I knew she was a slut and I treated her like it. That is what I gave her. It made her feel wanted, cared for, and let her be the slut she always tried to keep hidden away.

Back at lunch I listened as Cindy kept talking.

“I’ve been thinking. I really wish you would move in. I need some help with Ashley, she really needs a guy like you to straighten her out,” Cindy said.

Ashley was her youngest daughter. She was typical for her age, pierced tongue, black lipstick; you know the type, a real pain in the ass for a working mom. If you gave her a bath and washed her hair she would favor Cindy more than Natalie the older daughter. Ashley was short, petite, her tits were just buds, barely swelling through her t-shirts. She had a quick temper and a smart mouth, probably a lot like her mother in her younger days.

“You mean like I straightened out Natalie?” I responded.

Cindy bowed her head to hide her embarrassment.