 Annabelle. I hadn't met another Annabelle in my life. I'd heard of them in books or the movies or TV, sure, but never met one. This Annabelle was one of the office girls at my job. We work for a smallish tech company in the R&D department. I am one of the lead designers, a redneck among the tech elite. I've been working there for the last several years. I was doing the long distance thing with a girl from college. We'd see one another every several weeks, but I was doing my dream job, and she was one promotion from hers. Neither of us seemed willing to go to the other. Sure it put stress on our relationship, but well... Nothing better had come along for either of us. 

Annabelle, or Anna as I'd taken to calling her, was several years younger than me. She had long black hair and lips that belonged in a Maybellene ad. She was tallish, 5'9" or so, a few inches shorter than I was, and it only helped to accentuate her legs. She kept in shape, but her impressive breasts (DD's at least) likely made that a tricky proposition. 

We'd flirted around work quite a bit. I was known as the harmless flirty guy, what with my girlfriend Jodi and all. She had a boyfriend named Tom. We'd become pretty good friends over the years, going out for drinks from time to time, chatting when we could, I'd even accompanied her and Tom to a movie or two. 

At the office work was work, but we always found time to flirt. Sometimes she'd pinch my butt as she walked by. It took me a while to reciprocate, mainly because I didn't want to seem creepy. One day as I walked by, I mimed grabbing a hand full while I looked her in the eye. She stuck her ass out so I couldn't miss and I got a hand full of khaki covered ass. Occasionally she'd come over for a hug and I'd oblige, of course. She was easily the girl all the guys pined for. I saw her flirt with the other guys, but she never played grab ass like she did with me. Every time the thought of replacing my otherwise absent girlfriend with her crossed my mind, I thought of Tom and how he'd won her heart. I just wanted her to be happy, so I had no intention of ruining our bizarre, if a bit frustrating friendship.

Everything changed last Friday. "What's wrong, Ann?" I asked. For some reason I could never use her full name. 

I'd walked into the break room as she'd finished a conversation with Rikki, one of the other girls in the office. She looked a little upset, and was just sitting staring into her coffee. 

She fixed me with a beautiful smile. "Hey handsome." She took a sip from her steaming mug. 

I sat down next to her after pouring a cup. "Hey yourself. You ok? You just look a little off this morning."

"Mmm Hmm." She started. "Tom and I have been a little off these last few months." 

I'd noticed her flirting with me had increased over the last few months, but my relationship with Jodi had been more frustrating than normal so I was thinking it was just me hoping too much.

"What's up?" I stirred sugar into my coffee with one of the little stirrer things in the center of the table.

"You know he got that promotion, right?" I nodded. "Well, that's meant he's been traveling more than ever."

"Ahh," I said, taking a sip of the hot beverage.

"He's been working so hard lately that he's put us on the back burner." She fixed my eyes with hers. "It's frustrating for a girl, a young girl like me, to feel like an old married couple." She looked down and shook her head. "You don't need to hear that kind of stuff."

In my head I was thinking, ' Oh god, I so do need to hear that kind of stuff '. But I needed to be strong...ish.

"Relationships can be hard." I said, trying to sound worldly. "You guys were so great when things started off. I bet he just doesn't realize what he's doing to you." I took another sip of coffee. "You need to have a honest talk with Tom, though. See how how sees things and let him know what you are thinking. If he loves you, he'll do what needs to be done."

"You always know what I need to hear." She walked over to my side of the table, I stood and we hugged a long hug. "I'll talk to him tonight. If things don't workout, I may just have to fight Jodi for you." She quickly kissed me on the cheek and nearly ran off.

I worked the rest of the day in a fuzz. I had come to the realization that my relationship with Jodi was a joke, and I'd be in a better place if I followed my own advice. Then my phone buzzed with an E-mail. I checked it, and apparently Jodi had been listening in to my thoughts because her email was short on emotion and long on goodbyes. With teary eyes, I typed a quick reply, agreeing with her assessment of the situation, hit send and clocked out of work, headed for the liquor store.

The spring rain here in Colorado can be a bummer, especially when you aren't feeling very good to start with. I was sitting on a rocker in my screened in porch, nursing a tall and quite strong mojito. The rain had brought that clean smell from the earth and Pandora was feeding my emotions a steady dose of Massive Attack inspired Trip-hop. My German shepard, Luna sat at my feet, keeping them warm. She didn't understand the complex interplay between humans, but she was a great dog that knew I was down, so she was keeping extra close.

Luna's head came up, brushing against my leg, pulling me from my daze. I opened my eyes and looked to my driveway. Several hours had passed, apparently. It was night now, and a familiar Lexus had pulled into my drive. It sat there for several seconds before a woman unfolded from inside and walked slowly across the lawn. Her long hair was wet through and the black Columbia rain jacket was not doing so well in keeping her dry.

I stood and opened the screen door for her. Annabelle had obviously been crying. Her eyes were red and she opened her arms to me as she approached, rain dripping down her hair and onto her jacket. We hugged for a long time. Her hair still smelled like the coconut shampoo she always used. I never realized how much it made me think of her until I was there with her. I drank it in, my head swimming with rum, emotion, and the warmth of her wet body.

I took her hand in mine and walked her into the house. I sat her in a chair in the kitchen and disappeared up stairs. Several minutes later I returned with my arms full. I balanced it into one arm and extended my hand. I walked her to the spare bathroom and placed the things onto the sink.

"Here's towels and some clothes. I"ll make us something."

I heard the water running. My head was still swimming. I managed to get it together enough to make some impressive looking Bananas Foster just in time for her to be done.

She'd used Jodi's hair dryer I'd included and slipped on a pair of workout pants and an old shirt of mine. She was beautiful. I absolutely loved women without makeup. Makeup to me was for special occasions, but even then I kind of preferred without.

"Thanks," she managed. "I must have looked like a hot mess."

I smiled my flirty smile. "Hot, yes. Mess? No." I gestured to a chair at my small kitchen table. There was a waiting bowl of Bananas foster and a cup of black coffee with too much sugar, just like I know she likes.

"God, how did you know?" She put a spoon full into her mouth, raised her beautiful chin to the sky and moaned. "Mmm, this is good."

The melted ice cream mixed with the caramel and dripped down her nipple. The poor thing hardened immedeatley. I couldn't keep myself from covering it with my hungry mouth. My other hand cupped her other ice cream covered breast, kneading the gooey mess into her skin. 

"Jack? Jackson?"

I shook my head. The dream suddenly gone. "Huh? Sorry. I must have spaced."

She laughed. "It's ok, I was just saying that I'm glad you worked in that hotel. That's where you said you picked this recipe up, right?"

"Oh, yeah. Had to get through college somehow." I took a bite, refocused in the here and now. It was quite good, if I did say so. "Ok, so, what brings you to my house in the pouring rain? I can guess, but..." my words drifted off.

Looking at her dessert was less painful than looking at someone else I think. She stirred it for several minutes. Finally she spoke, her words were soft and slow, measured. "Can we talk in the morning? I just need a place to crash for tonight."

"Sure. You can even have my room up stairs. I'm still painting the guest room. I'll crash on the couch."

"Oh,"she raised her hands. "I don't want..."

"You aren't. You have no idea how many nights Luna and I have slept down here. It gets more use than my bed does." 

She gave me a sly smile. "Not like that, filthy girl." We both smiled. "Now, to bed. I think we both need a good sleep."

I walked her up stairs and grabbed my tooth brush from the master bath, giving her one of the many replacements I had received from my dentist. I walked to the guest bathroom did all I needed and headed to the couch. It already had my favorite blanket on it and I snuggled down and was out in no time, thanks to the mojitos and late hour.

As I looked into her face, she stroked my cheek. I smiled. Hy heart warmed by the love in her eyes. Then somehow she sloppily licked my foot. I woke with a start to Ann's hand on my face and Luna's tongue on my foot. The look Ann gave me was the same as in my dream. My heart leapt, then died. Inside my emotions were so torn. She was so close, something I had wanted for so long, and yet... The wound from Jodi was fresh, but not serious. But her, she must be dying inside about Tom. They were so in love.

I smiled. "Morning." I said with a decidedly unsexy croak.

She laughed her beautiful laugh; it sounded like bells in summer.

"Hiya. You were smiling in your dream. You looked so beautiful, I had to come touch you." I was suddenly self conscious. What else did I do in my dream that she saw? She reached out and drew her fingers across my morning stubble, a smile parted her lips. "What were you drowning last night on the porch?"

"Mojito." My eyes were closed at her touch. I smiled.

I opened my eyes and she was smiling too. "Not downing smart ass, drowning."

I took a deep breath and let it out. "You won't have to give Jodi her copy of Hope Floats back. Ever. She's staying in New York. She found some artist guy that thinks she's amazing, and apparently she finds him more amazing than I am." I closed my eyes and shook my head. I could feel the tears run down my face. When I opened them, I looked into her crying eyes. 

"What brought you to my house in the rain?" I asked. We both knew I knew. I reached up and brushed some hair out of her face and over her ear.

"I told Tom about our conversation. He got angry and I realized that..." She sobbed gently. "I realized that it was you I loved..."

I sat up and took her in my arms while we both cried softly.

Long seconds went by. Mountains degraded into hills, rivers cut valleys into rock. She was warm and lovely, and I squeezed her tightly. When the soft sobbing had stopped on both sides we kissed. It was a sweet kiss, soft and all lips. Looking into each other's eyes. We closed our eyes at the same time. Her lips parted, and softly I licked her upper lip. Our lips came together for a kiss again, this time she softly licked my lips. I brought my tongue out to hers and we teased tongue tips languidly. I raised my right hand to her hair, gently kneading her scalp and neck. My left hand had found hers and we held hands tightly as we continued to kiss. 

My right hand moved to her shoulders and back. I softly explored her shoulders and back through her shirt. Running my hands over the muscles in her back and shoulders, I was in heaven. She was soft and firm in all the right places. My fingers kneaded and caressed her while my mouth experienced the kisses I had only dreamed about.

Boldly, I ran my hand down her back, then under her shirt. I ran my hand up to her neck and kneaded the taught muscles there for a few seconds. A low 'Mmm' came from her mouth so I continued. We resumed kissing, but with a little more urgency. As my right hand was busy, my left had left hers and stroked up her arm and to her face, then back down. Her hands were on either side of my face holding my head close. 

I ran my right hand down her back, my little finger just teasing at the top of her magnificent ass, barely down the crack I found there. She arched her back so I ran my hand down her pants and grabbed the top of her smooth ass cheek. It was hot and soft. I squeezed, pulled my hand from inside her pants. 

Then I stuck my hand under her butt and pulled her further onto my lap. It took a little wiggling but I managed to sit up. She parted our kiss and looked at me with an amused smile. "What are you doing?"

I put my other hand under her legs and stood, lifting her like a bride on her wedding night. 'Yay working out,' I thought. 

"I'm going to take you to my bed." 

She kissed me harder, and I think I saw a tear fall from her eye. She pressed her head into my neck and nibbled and licked as I navigated the stairs.

Once in the bedroom, I gently placed her onto my pillow topped mattress and she sank into it slightly. With firm hands she tugged at my shirt and it came off easily. She moved to a sitting position and I helped her with hers. I took a step back and marveled at what I was about to do. She was the most beautiful woman I had ever seen in real life. Now here she was half naked in my bed, looking at me with hungry eyes.

I tugged at her pants. Her shapely thighs held onto them for just long enough, and when her neatly trimmed mound was exposed, I couldn't help but stare. "Hey, no fair," She said. "You get to see what you want, but I don't?"

I smiled. I knew I wasn't the sight that she was. I kept in shape mountain biking, boxing and lifting, but I carried around a few extra pounds. I looked down at my pants and then back to her. She was looking at the same lewd bulge that I was, but while I was nervous at what she would think, the look on her face was like an excited need or hunger. I dropped my pants like I'd rip off a band-aid, quickly and just to get it over with.

"What? No strip show for me?" Her smile was wide and her eyes flicked from my member to my eyes.

"Sorry, it doesn't get many visitors..." I paused, a suddenly self conscious in front of her beauty. "And I'm..."

"Shh... I want it." Her hand reached out and grabbed onto it. It was average in every way. I knew because I measured and was a numbers type guy. Ok, maybe it was a little above average in the diameter department, but only by fractions of an inch. In her hands though, it seemed... perfect. 

I closed my eyes as she gently stroked. Her hands were soft and explored playfully. Her eyes were on me the whole time. I closed them and soaked in the sensation. I could hear her adjust herself in bed and I felt her other hand on my sack. I kept things pretty trimmed down there, mainly because it was more comfortable when I went on long bike rides. Now it had the effect of making her hands glide more smoothly over skin that was suddenly more sensitive. 

She tugged and I stepped closer. I opened my eyes and looked down at her. She met my eyes and slowly guided me into her hot mouth. "Oh God..." I moaned. Her lips were on fire and her tongue worked on the soft underside of me while she kept just more than the head in her mouth. My eyes were closed tight and I had to refrain from thrusting my hips forward. She started working her mouth back and forth, always caressing my thighs or sack. There was almost too much sensation for me to keep track of. Eventually, I hissed out a coarse, "Stop... please."

She did and looked up at me with a devilish smile. "Mmm that's nice. I think this thing will do just fine." 

I smiled and reached down and stroked her hair, gliding my thumb over her face and lips. "Oh, If you think that will do, lay back and let me show my favorite talent." 

She laughed one of her beautiful laughs and scooted back into the middle of the bed, wiggling her butt like a kid waiting for a Christmas present. Oh, she had no idea...

I climbed onto the bed laying along side her. My hands found her breasts. I caressed them softly, purposely avoiding the nipples, but kneading the rest of the round warm flesh under my hands. We kissed again, more hunger this time than sensuality. I don't think I had ever been more hungry for a woman in my life. I ached with need. I kissed down to her neck. I ran my tongue up and down the soft flesh, occasionally nibbling at her shoulder. She ran her hands over my back, and occasionally found my member again for a stroke or two. 

I moved my hands down her body, over her flat stomach and over her mound. She raised her pelvis a little, thrusting her breasts in the air. I couldn't help but devour what was offered, and covered her right nipple with my hungry mouth. My left hand continued to rub her mound in circles, a soft gentle, teasing pressure. I suckled on her nipple for a few seconds then I'd switch it up and gently flick it with my tongue. Her hands ran thought my hair, holding me to her. I continued this for a few seconds, then put my left hand down onto the bed between her legs, leaving it putting pressure on her moist skin there but holding me up. She worked her hips against my arm, testing out the sensation, then continued to grind against me. My right hand then migrated to her left breast and gently pinched the nipple, rolling it softly between my strong fingers. "Oh my..." she said. "That's... wonderful..."

I kneaded her right breast with my mouth some more, then I adjusted my body and began to lick down her body. I planted kisses every inch or so.I licked the underside of each magnificent breast. I licked where her ribs gave way to her belly. I kissed her perfect belly button. My hot tongue traced a line that followed the peach fuzz from just under her belly button down to the top of where her pubic hair was neatly trimmed into a thin landing strip. It was sexy as hell. I don't mind when ladies are bald down there, but I guess I just prefer a little hair and hers was perfect.

I moved between her legs. She had grabbed both of my pillows and had placed them under her shoulders so she could watch. Fuck, that was sexy. I put my left hand under her butt and gently kneaded it as I licked the insides of her thighs. My eyes were closed in concentration, I was just enjoying the sensations.

I could smell her sex, it was rich and musky. A wonderful aroma I will never forget. She kept this part of herself bald and I couldn't wait to plant kisses there. I loved it when women did that. It always made going down on them so much better, for both of us.

I reached out with my tongue and traced the folds of her gently. She was sweet and salty. I was immoderately drunk. I pulled her labia one at a time into my mouth and suckled gently. She moved her hips in little circles, trying to get me to do more. I continued to just lick her labia and thighs, occasionally sucking them in, then licking again.

I paused my licking. "Look,"

I resumed for a second then paused again. "You may think you know." 

I resumed licking, then paused, "What you want..."

"Oh, I know what I want," she said.

Just as she finished the sentence I covered her clit with my mouth and licked gently from bottom to top, suckling it into my mouth a bit at the end. She took a sharp intake of breath and a low 'Mmm' escaped her lips. 

I began to explore her with my mouth, running my tongue everywhere, and always giving her button a few licks before moving on. I adjusted my position and sucked on my first and second fingers for a second. I used my index finger to tease her opening for a few seconds as I licked her clit and then slowly pressed it into her. Her hips bucked again. 

The sounds coming from her were amazing, and I could feel my self aching against the sheets. I slowly worked my finger in and out, putting steady pressure on her g-spot. After a few seconds, I added my second finger and made smaller movements with more pressure. I was licking almost solely on her clit, small flicking licks from bottom to top at a pretty good pace.
