 It was a simple plan: I'd volunteer to come to your place and cook you dinner. We'd enjoy a nice, healthy meal, then see where the evening took us.

I told you it would be a casual, friendly evening. No need to be dressed up or fancy. So I showed up to your place wearing jeans and a nice top, nothing too spectacular. But I also had a surprise, just in case the evening went in the direction I secretly hoped it might...

You show me around your apartment. I like it, lots of space. Wide open front room, a good sized kitchen and dining area. I casually glance in your bedroom, trying not to indicate that I hope to get a better look at it soon.

Dinner is nice. You help me cook, and we laugh and joke while doing so. It's a simple, healthy meal, like we'd agreed, paired with a very nice white wine you'd bought. You've put on some nice jazzy music, and we eat and talk and laugh. All very friendly and non-romantic, although inside I'm buzzing with anticipation. You look so good in your jeans and polo shirt, which show off your nice ass and sculpted chest respectively. Your dark blue eyes and amazing smile have my heart hammering a thousand miles a minute. I know we'd said this would be laid-back; but I can't help wondering if you harbor the same secret desires I do. I feel myself grow warm and wet at the thought.

The anticipation continues through dessert: chocolate covered strawberries, the most decadent part of the evening—food wise, anyway. We move from your kitchen table to your front room to enjoy them, along with our wine. Seated next to each other on your couch, we bite into the juicy fruits, laughing as the juice runs down our chins. At one point you offer to feed me a smallish berry. We both laugh it off as a silly romantic gesture, but as I accept your offered fruit I do a happy dance inside. This may go the way I want it to after all!

You take the empty wine bottle back into the kitchen. When you come back, a slow song is playing on your stereo. You stand in front of me and hold out a hand. "Would you like to dance?" you ask. I look up at you and smile, a flush of desire warming my body. I take your hand and you pull me close to you, wrapping your arms around my waist as I put my arms around your neck. We dance slowly, cheek to cheek, bodies close together. I think I can feel your hardness through your jeans, and it makes my breath catch in my throat.

After a minute of dancing, you pull away slightly. You tilt your head and look a question into my eyes. In response, I close my eyes and tilt my head towards yours. You lean in and kiss me softly. I feel my entire body respond, and an electric jolt travels from my lips to my pussy. I return the kiss gently. But I can't hold back for long, and soon I'm kissing you more passionately, squeezing your shoulders with my hands and opening my mouth to run my tongue along your lips. One of your hands falls to my butt and squeezes as you part your lips and meet my tongue with yours. I slide one hand down to squeeze your perfect ass and move the other to cup your face as we continue to kiss.

We finally come up for air. "Wow," you say. "That...that was nice." I agree breathlessly. You lean in for another kiss, but I have a different idea. I back away slightly; then, at your confused look, I nod toward your bedroom. I take your hand and lead the way.

Once inside your bedroom, I throw myself at you again, kissing you deeply, pressing you up against a wall and roaming my hands all over your chest. You respond in kind, and our heavy breaths fill the room. Your hands roam over my breasts and my nipples tighten with desire. I press my crotch against yours and definitely feel your hardness struggling to get past your zipper. That's when I make my next move: I reach down and undo your pants, pulling your zipper down. I break our kiss and fall to my knees, pulling your pants and boxers to the floor, freeing your cock from its confines.

I take a moment to admire it. It's long, and hard, with a tuft of hair just below your belly but otherwise clean shaven. I lick my lips in anticipation as I hold your dick in one hand, lifting it up to admire your balls, which I caress with my other hand. A drop of precum glistens at the tip of your dick, and I can't help myself: I stick out my tongue and lap it up. As I do, you let out a shuddering breath.

I look up at you and smile. I feel so deliciously, wantonly slutty on my knees before you. Stroking your cock with my hand, I lick your balls and suck them into my mouth. You groan and put one hand on my head, burying your fingers in my hair. Your other hand is a fist by your side.

After a few seconds torturing your balls with my mouth and stroking your shaft with my hand, I bring my tongue to the base of your shaft and lick slowly, sensually, up to the tip. Your cock twitches delightfully as I do so. I chuckle softly and repeat the motion on the other side of your cock, then swirl my tongue around the head while I hold the base of your shaft with one hand. My other hand is busy pulling my shirt up so I can squeeze my tits.

Looking up into your gorgeous eyes, I slowly take the head of your cock into my mouth. I suck sharply, savoring the taste and texture of your warm flesh in my mouth. You groan and tighten your hand into a fist in my hair. I moan around your cock and begin fucking you with my mouth, sliding my hand in front of my lips to spread my spit all along your shaft. My other hand makes its way into my pants to tease my clit.

I'm so turned on having your cock in my mouth—I've been dreaming of giving you this blowjob for some time, and I'm lost in sexy passion. I feel you getting harder in my mouth, and I increase my speed...

But then you pull me off of your dick. You stand me up and kiss me passionately, squeezing my tits with your hands. I moan in frustration and desire. "I want to taste you now," you say in a low, hoarse voice. I complain that I wasn't done with you yet, even as I return your kiss and let you pull my shirt off over my head, revealing my tits. You glance down and moan at the sight of my nipples poking up. You wrap your arms around me and lean your head down, taking one nipple into your mouth. I cry out in heat and throw my head back, my arms around your shoulders. I lift one leg and wrap it around yours as you lick and suck my nipples. I wish I wasn't wearing my jeans any more.

I pull your head away from my tits and push you back on your bed. I stand in front of you, then turn around so my back is to you and slowly pull my jeans down over my ass. I bend at the waist as I do, and you see the surprise I'd worn: black G-string panties, the silk fabric splitting my ass down the middle. I'm soaking wet by this point, so the string is now clinging to my flesh. I hear you exhale and look at you over my shoulder, smiling sexily as I straighten back up. I turn around and watch your eyes roam over my entire body. Your dick is still hard; more precum makes the tip glisten. I want it in my mouth again, but I'm also dying to have you pleasure me. I innocently ask if there's a way we can satisfy each other. You grin and lie back on the mattress, telling me to lie on top of you so we can do so.

Eagerly I throw one leg over you and lower my pussy towards your face. You slide my G-string out of the way and I feel your breath on my lower lips. At the same time I stroke your cock with my hand. As I reach forward to put it in my mouth, I feel your lips kissing my pussy. It's delicious, so sexy and hot. I moan around your dick and hear and feel you moan into my pussy. With one hand holding your cock, I bob my head up and down, sucking like a prom queen. With my other hand, I pinch and twist my tit, increasing my desire and pleasure. Meanwhile I feel you spread my asscheeks apart with your hands and slide your tongue in and around my pussy.

I pull off your cock long enough to tell you in a ragged voice that I want to taste your cum. I tell you to tell me when you're going to cum so I'll be ready for it. You murmur your assent as you tongue fuck my pussy, then I feel you lift my crotch slightly so you can reach my clit. I cry out around your cock when I feel your tongue swipe across my bud. I pinch my nipple harder and almost cum right there. I feel your head moving again, and then I feel your tongue slide all the way from my clit to my asshole and back down again. You do this a few more times, then I feel one of your fingers pressing against my clit while your tongue...I gasp in surprise as your tongue plays around my asshole. Not penetrating, just creating pressure. It's the dirtiest thing I've ever felt, and it makes me go wild with desire. I'm momentarily distracted from my own mission to make you cum in my mouth; but I quickly regroup and start sucking and stroking faster and faster. I'm going to cum soon if you keep playing with my asshole like that; and if I do, I don't want you to be far behind.

I decide I want your tongue in my ass when I cum. I push back against you; you get the message and slide your tongue into my asshole. I moan loudly around your cock. Then I feel two fingers push deep into my pussy and pull out again, fucking me slowly. That does it: I give a muffled scream around your cock and my body shakes as an orgasm rips through me. At the same time I hear you grunt and feel a hand on the back of my head: your signal that you're about to cum, too. I pull back so that only the tip of your dick is in my mouth and stroke you faster with my hand. A second later I taste your cum as you explode in my mouth. I moan again as you groan with your release. I also feel you frantically lapping at my pussy, tasting my orgasm.

Still holding your cum in my mouth, I pull off you and spin around to face you. Looking you in the eyes, I swallow your load with relish, then lean down and kiss you passionately, driving my tongue into your mouth so we can taste each others' juices. When I come up for air I tell you I hope you aren't finished yet. "God no," you say in a deep voice. "I still need to fuck you."

You have no idea how badly I wanted to hear you say that. My entire body flushes with heat and I smile as I lean down to kiss you again. You grab my upper arms and we laugh as you flip me onto my back on the bed. I look down and see you're still hard as a rock. I lick my lips as I stare at your cock, and my hands grab my tits and pull and twist my nipples. You pull a condom from your nightstand and slide it onto your cock. I shiver with anticipation as you tease me by rubbing your cock along my pussylips. With a groan I tell you to stop teasing and fuck me!

You give me a crooked grin and shove your cock deep into my pussy. I cry out as I feel my pussy stretch around you. I reach up to grab your shoulders as you put your hands on either side of my body, and wrap my legs around your waist. I throw my head back and moan as you slide your cock in and out of my hot, willing cunt. You feel so good inside me.

After fucking me deeply for a few minutes, you lean back on your haunches. Still buried inside me, you reach down and grab my ankles, pulling my legs up so they're laying across your chest. You lean down, folding me in half, and start pistoning in and out of me again. I reach my arms out to either side and grab fistfuls of sheet. I throw my head back and cry out as you drive further into me. I swear I feel your cockhead tapping my cervix at this angle. Your hands grip my hips tightly, slamming yourself into me over and over. With my legs pressed together I can feel my clit being stimulated with every thrust of your hard cock. I let go of the sheets and reach up to play with my tits again.

You lean down further, pushing both my legs over to one side, and kiss me deeply. I wrap an arm around your neck and pull myself up into the kiss, violently wrestling your tongue with mine as you fuck me. I want to cum again, and I want you to as well. When you break the kiss, I breathlessly tell you I want to ride you.

You pull back again, keeping your cock inside me, and maneuver my legs so they're wrapped around your waist again. Holding me tightly to you, you slowly lean back until gravity takes over and you fall back onto the bed. Moving carefully so you'll stay inside me, we adjust our position so your legs are straight out and mine are no longer trapped under your back. I carefully pull my legs up so I can squat on your dick; then, leaning forward with my hands on your chest for balance, I start fucking you cowgirl style.

I ride you hard and fast, bringing myself closer to orgasm. I tell you to touch my clit, and you do so, flicking it in time with my fucking. My nipples tighten as my orgasm gets closer...and then I'm there! With a ragged scream I cum, collapsing on top of you and twitching and giggling in the aftermath. That was amazing...

But I know you're still not done, and I desperately want to make you cum again. Reaching down to hold the condom in place, I slide my pussy off you. I pull your legs so they're hanging off the bed, then position myself on the ground between them. I pull the condom off your hard, thick cock and take you into my mouth once again. You groan loudly and lift yourself up on your elbows so you can watch me suck you off. I smile at you around your cock. My hand and lips slide up and down your shaft, and I alternate between sucking hard and letting copious amounts of drool escape from my mouth to coat your cock. I stop sucking long enough to tell you to again let me know before you cum.

It doesn't take long. As I stroke and suck you, and fondle your balls with my other hand, I start moaning. The vibrations this causes do the trick, and you gasp suddenly. "I'm gonna cum!" you groan tightly. I quickly pull you from my mouth and order you to stand up. You do so shakily as I stroke and jerk your cock, aiming it at my tits. When you see what I want, it sends you over the edge. You let out a last gasp and stiffen, and your cock spurts, shooting your load all over my tits. I laugh delightedly as you do so, stroking you until you finish. Then I look down at my semen-covered chest. I lift one tit toward my mouth and extend my tongue, lapping up some of your cum and swallowing it with a smile. I look into your eyes. That, I tell you, was amazing.