 Wow, you look frustrated today. Haven't had any in awhile, huh? Kinda sensitive to the touch down there? Maybe even hard as a rock? Mmmm. First... I praise you. Not cos you're horny, but because I am. Then I'll give you a big hug, mmmm, running my fingers down your back. Stimulate those juices that were probably already flowing when you walked thru the door. As we hug, my arms run down your back, softly encircling your tush.

Mmmm, is that not arousing? Of course, I apologize for the accidental ass grab. I'll put you down in my nice big chair. Yes, the chair was always good for me when I was... slightly aroused. Now it can be good for you. Lie back, I'll rub those shoulders. Must've been a long day for you. The hardness makes it even longer, doesn't it? Is it the weekend, and you've been thinking about "getting some" since you arrived at work? Kneeling in front of you I say... "what is your wish, my liege?" 

You start by asking me to pour you a beer. Anything but that, my liege. I want you to get off bigtime. That may slow things down a bit. Maybe later? You slowly nod in agreement. Later. Anything else? Okay. It's warm in here don't you think, or is it just me? So we'll just slip those jeans off that you might be wearing. Oooh, your thighs, are thick... (gasps) and they're hot. My lips turn into a perfect "O" as I notice and think to myself DAMN! He's wearing boxers! Ohhh, that'll make things a bit uneasy for me. Hope he doesn't notice my hands trembling as I stroke ...

Well, now back to you, my liege. You have nice thighs. I'll bet the girls tell you that all the time. And know what? Nice thighs lead to a nicer ass. Close your eyes. Mmmmmm, does it feel good to have your thighs stroked like that? Tell me what you're thinking right now... don't edit. Oh my goodness! As I stroke your thighs, my fingers subconsciously rub up into your boxers, close to your hips. I realize and... back off a little bit. I don't want this rushed. I don't want you opening your eyes anymore, cos I saw you peek when I touched your thighs. Here, I want you to wear this blindfold.... there you go.

Can you see anything? Good. Relax. As you sit back, I began to rub your chest. Lets remove that shirt. Arms up... yes, that's it. Ooooh, nice pecs . My fingers gently massage you chest muscles, and nibble at your nipples. Mmmm, they're tight. Does that.... feel good? Your mouth makes a small "o" as I nibble you. Just watching you in that mask is turning me on, but I can't tell you that. My job is to get you off. Before self. I place myself in your lap, barely feeling the hardness between your thighs. I kiss your cheeks, your neck, and brush my lips across yours. It's getting me wet just feeling your lips on mine. 

What am I wearing? Why, what I always wear when I do this. A short cotton nightie with nothing on under; we don't want you getting too aroused, too fast, right? I suddenly feel your cock thumping against my thighs. Maybe. Your lips are still a perfect "O". I hear you moan dryly. I close my eyes slowly, wanting to relieve you now. 

Okay, okay. I reach between my thighs, and rub your shaft thru the boxers. Mmmmm, there's a little moisture there. I poke my finger thru the slit in your boxers and wipe my finger across your cockhead. You seem to jump. I just wanna taste your precum, ok? Mmmmmm, it's sweet. I think you're ready, huh? As I slide off your lap, it is your fingers that are shaking now. I glance at them, and then at your mask. You can't see me, but I'm smiling. I feel your fingers graze just underneath my nightie. I see you smile as this happens. Hearing you breath like that... and me wanting you so bad! Ohhhhh, I'm so sorry! I promise I'll be quick, and merciful.

Putting my hands on your thighs again, I move them up into your boxers. I am rubbing your balls, so tight, and then your cock... so hot.

"Ready for release? Say yes, if you are." At this point, you cannot even speak. You nod quickly, breathing heavily. I will assume you are ready. My fingers in your boxers, I grab the waistband, and pull it down, removing them from your body. I hope that is not too cool for you. As I lean up into your lap, your cock stands tall. I blow on it softly. Press my tongue against it, licking and kissing. This is for myself as well as you, my liege. Mmmmm! At that point, my lips totally swallow your stiffened tool. I suck with all my strength up and down, my tongue licking and probing your cockhead every few minutes. Mmmmmmm! It's so good! I continue to pull and suck, massaging your balls as I do. I feel your fingers running thru my hair as your moaning grows louder. My own wetness is already running down my thighs , making them sticky. I continue to suck and fight with your shaft until I hear what I want.... that sound you make that tells me--- Success. Mmmm, I love that gurgling sound. 

As I release your pole, my tongue is slow, still lapping the remaining juices from your cock as it runs down. I hear you gasp as I release and look up at your face.... wasted, but smiling. I lick my lips. So.... was it good for you, my liege?

FIN