 Nicole and Steve were sitting on the sofa watching a movie. It was an erotic thriller and on the screen there was a man and woman in a bedroom, both half naked. The man had on just a pair of blue jeans, the woman wore even less, a lacy red bra, matching panties and high stiletto heels. 

The woman was lying on the bed as the man walked over to her holding something in his hand. He bent over her, removed the object from his hand and laid it over the woman's eyes. It was a silk scarf. He started tying it in back of her head when Steve muttered, "Damn."

Nicole looked over at him, smiling. "What's the matter?" 

"Nothing," Steve said, his eyes glued to the screen, "that's hot."

"So what is it that turns you on? The blindfold or the outfit?"

"Both."

"Ahh," Nicole replied, making a mental note to pick up some red lingerie and a silk scarf for the next time they got together.

"What about you?" Steve asked. 

"What about me?" Nicole asked.

"You know what turns me on...I want to know what turns you on."

Uh oh Nicole thought to herself. What do I say? She debated on whether to just tell him something generic, like the way he kisses, or something more specific, something she had never shared with any of her boyfriends.

"Hello?" Steve said, waving his hand in front of her face, "anyone home?" He smiled at her and said, "Ok, spill it."

Nicole's heart was racing as she started to speak.

"No," she said, "you're gonna think it's weird."

"C'mon, just tell me," Steve said, "I promise I won't laugh."

Nicole took a deep breath and looked down at the floor. "Ok. I don't know why, but I really like it when a guy listens to my heartbeat."

She looked up and saw him looking at her, smiling. " That's it?" he said, "That's what you were afraid to tell me?" He patted his right leg. "Come here sweetie."

Nicole sat on his lap and Steve put his arm around her and pulled her close. He rested his head against her chest and heard her heart beating fairly fast. He supposed it was because she was still a bit nervous after sharing her secret. He decided to find out more about this particular turn on of hers.

He kept his ear against her chest and told her, "I can hear your heartbeat." Immediately he heard it speed up. "Hmm," he said, "it's beating faster now. Thump-thump, thump-thump, thump-thump", he told her, and found himself getting aroused by what he was hearing.

Nicole shifted around restlessly on Steve's lap. She was very excited but also embarassed.

Steve moved his head away from her chest and said, "Lay down for a minute." Steve got up and Nicole laid down on the sofa. 

"What are you going to do?" Nicole asked, but she was pretty sure she already knew the answer.

Steve knelt down next to the sofa and slid Nicole's shirt up until he could see the bottom of her bra. He laid his hand on her stomach, his fingers sliding over her warm skin. He moved his hand slowly upward to the middle of her chest. His hand stopped between her breasts and he looked her in the eyes. "I can feel your heart beating," he told her. She gasped slightly as her heart sped up. He smiled down at her. His hand slid over to her left side and he pressed his fingers gently under her left breast against her apex. "It's pounding beneath my hand," he said as he watched his fingers moving up and down with each beat. 

Nicole was breathing fast now and her heart rate kept climbing. Steve realized that he was getting excited also. He removed his hand from her chest and he heard Nicole whimper softly as if she didn't want him to stop.

"Shhh," he said, "I want to listen to it again." He laid his head on her chest and instantly heard the quick beating of her heart. "I can hear it," he said, "it's beating so fast. You like knowing that I'm listening, don't you?" he asked her. She said nothing, but her heart answered for her, speeding up again. 

"Your heart is pounding so hard...and so loud," Steve commented, "The faster your heart beats the more excited I get," he told her. 

Nicole glanced down and saw Steve's head bouncing up and down on her chest in time with her heartbeat. Yet again, her heart sped up.

"That's it...", Steve said, "Faster. I want to hear your heart beating faster. I want to feel your heart pounding beneath my ear." He pressed his head closer against Nicole's chest and the sound of her heartbeat was almost deafening. Her heart was beating so fast now he figured it was close to 130 beats per minute. As he laid there, ear pressed against her chest he heard her heart pause for a second followed by a forceful double-beat. This happened a few more times and Steve said, "Your heart's skipping....you're so excited...."

Nicole laid there eyes closed, breathing heavily. This was something that she'd only dreamed of and now it was really happening. She was so sexually excited by Steve's words and what he was doing that she felt an orgasm could very well happen any second.

Steve continued to talk to her, exciting her with his words. Again he described the sound he was hearing "THUMP-THUMP, THUMP-THUMP, THUMP-THUMP," even faster than before. "C'mon Nicole," he said, "Your heart is beating so fast... I can hear it. You're going to come, aren't you?" Nicole felt her heart speed up one more time as the warm tingle of an approaching orgasm grew between her legs. "C'mon Nicole....I want to listen to your heart beating as you come... THUMP-THUMP, THUMP-THUMP, THUMP-THUMP." 

Nicole's body stiffened and she let out a low moan as she felt an orgasm explode within her. Steve kept his head pressed against her chest the whole time listening to her pounding heart during her climax and then as it slowly fell back into it's normal rhythmn.

After what seemed like an eternity, Steve lifted his head and smiled at Nicole. "You know what?" he asked her' "I think I just discovered another turn-on." Nicole smiled back at him and was glad that she shared this secret with him.