 Days went by and turned into weeks. Danny, previously giving Carrie nary a thought, now thought about her as much as anyone! He wanted in that tight little hole and was fearful of that incident being a one time deal! 

Carrie was somewhat more obsessive, being less experienced and having never done anything like that behind her boyfriend's back. A normally horny girl, she found herself masturbating whenever she couldn't get laid, always thinking about Danny no matter how hard she tried to focus on her boyfriend. 

They saw each other occasionally, whenever he picked up his girlfriend and happened to go into the store. They would make eye contact, and share a smile, but nothing was ever said about that night. Whenever he did see, and his girlfriend wasn't looking, he would sneak glances at her small ass in those snug jeans she wore. 

The longer you go, of course, the more intense the desire. This was definitely true here. 2 months later, it was at the point where he couldn't walk into the store without getting an immediate boner. She had to fight off tingles in her pussy every time the door opened at 5 o'clock. She would get so wet whenever it was him that came in! Each wanted to do something about it, but each didn't know how. 

Finally, Charmaine had to grab something in the back when Danny went to pick her up, leaving him on the sales floor. Carrie was there as well. 

"I've been thinking a lot about that night." He said to her. 

"Me too." She said quietly, looking into his eyes. Her pussy was tingling like mad now, her panties were soaked. 

"Can we do something like that again?" he asked. It was all she could do to stop herself from dragging him into the office right now! She squeezed her thighs together tightly, trying to calm herself down but only making things worse. 

"I don't know," she replied, "when?" her breathing was noticeably labored. 

"Do you close tonight?" he asked. 

"No," she said, not taking her eyes off him, "but tomorrow I do." 

"Great," he said, "tell your boyfriend to pick you up at 10, you'll be working late. Let the other staff go at 9, and wait for my knock at the back door." He said it with authority, as if she had already agreed to it. She didn't argue, the feelings in her crotch driving her crazy. His girlfriend joined them at this point, and he tried successfully to hide his hard on as they left the store.

The next 24 hours were torture. He jerked off 3 times that night, and once the next day at work! Carrie made her boyfriend fuck her three times, trying to get some frustration out, but still couldn't get Danny out of her mind. Her heart pounded when she saw him come in at 5 on the big day, her pussy flooded. They made eye contact and shared a smile. Charmaine was with a customer, and he found Carrie on the opposite side, behind some tall displays. Looking around, he saw no one with in eyesight. He went to her, placing a hand on her cheek and kissed her. She closed her eyes and when she felt his tongue slide into her mouth, she sent hers into his. They only french kissed for a few seconds, but he managed to get a quick fell of her soft ass, and her hand quickly squeezed the bulge in his pants. The broke off wordlessly. He smiled at her as he walked away. 

9 pm couldn't come soon enough for either of them. She got rid of her staff at 5 minutes to, she was so eager. Just after 9 she heard the knock on the door. She opened it and Danny stepped inside. He slipped his hands around her slim waist and her arms went around his neck. Their lips met, smacking repeatedly as their kiss grew passionate. He opened his mouth and she slipped her tongue inside, pressing her body against his hard as they made out. His hands grabbed her ass, gently squeezing as their tongues explored each other's mouth. His hand slipped around to the front of her body as he kicked the door shut behind him. Over her shirt his hand slid until they cupped the small swell of her perky breast. He squeezed it lightly, feeling how hard her nipple was through the materials. She breathed heavily into his mouth as he backed her toward the office. 

Without breaking the kiss, they went into the office where he pressed her against the desk. 'smack, smack, smack, smack' went their eager lips as they kissed heavily. His hand slid down to her crotch over her jeans and gently rubbed her, sending bolts of pleasure up her body. 

"Mmmmmmph" she moaned into his mouth, legs parting a little more for him. She felt her jeans loosen as he undid her button. Then her zipper went down. His hand immediately dove into her panties, noticing they were silk (she had prepared for him when she got dressed that morning!). He ran his fingers through the curls of her pubic hair, searching for her treasure. She moaned when he felt hot wetness, and he knew he had found it. He ran a finger down her tight slit, teasing her, tickling her. She kissed him harder as his finger diddled her clit. Her own small hand began to rub his hard bulge over his pants as he slid his finger back down her slit. Danny dipped a finger into Carrie's tunnel, forcing it halfway into her tight hole. 

"Mmmmmmmph" she moaned again, her own fingers fumbling with his button and fly. She got his pants undone and she reached into his underwear. Pleasure surged through her body as she grabbed his penis in her young hand. Still kissing him sloppily, she stroked his cock slowly. He slid his hand out of her panties, leaving her wanting more. He grabbed her shirt and began to lift it up her body. He wanted to see her naked this time!! 

She wasn't sure if she would have sex with him, but she knew she definitely would have his tongue on her pussy. She wouldn't let him leave without it! She had no problem exposing her body to him, though, as long as he went down on her! Her tight white belly became exposed, then her baby blue, silk bra. Carrie released his cock and raised her arms up, breaking the kiss, allowing him to pull her shirt off. She pulled his shirt off as well, dropping it on the floor before embracing and kissing him again. This time, the skin of their upper bodies were touching, and the heat that they felt only made their desire more passionate. 

Carrie broke the kiss and he watched her slowly sink to her knees, taking his pants and under wear down as she went. His fully hard, 6 inch cock was at attention before her as she left his pants and underwear around his ankles. He was looking down at her but she was focused solely on his cock. Her hair was again tightly back in a bun, so he could see her entire face. Her small hand stroked his dick slowly, as she moved towards it. 

He watched her tongue snake out and slowly lick up his shaft. She brought his dick down so it stuck straight out at her, and her tongue ran a trail of saliva around his mushroom head, teasing him. His one hand was on the back of her head, urging it towards his cock. She opened her mouth and his penis slipped inside. Carrie hungrily slid her lips down his shaft, taking his entire cock in her mouth. Her mouth was so warm around his cock, he thought he could cum right there. She began to slowly bob her head back and forth, slurping loudly. Her bra straps were slowly coming off her shoulders, her skin creamy white beneath. He watched her lips caress his entire pole rapidly, repeatedly. 

He needed to fuck her. He couldn't let her get away with head again! He gently pulled her head back, and his cock slipped out of her mouth with a loud slurp. She stood up, looking at him with desire in her eyes. Their lips met, tongues firing inside immediately. Danny slid both his hands down the back of her jeans and into her silk panties, feeling her soft, bare ass as he kissed her. Carrie felt her pants slide down her legs and made no move to stop them as she breathed heavily into his mouth. They fell down to her ankles as she sat back on the desk. He raised her foot and took off her sandal, noting that her toenails were still painted a nice red. He took off her other sandal and off came her pants soon after. 

She opened her legs so he could step in between them as they kissed. She had only her bra, and a tiny pair of baby blue panties on. Her skin was creamy white, so soft, so smooth. His naked cock was pressed against her thinly covered crotch, rubbing against it as they kissed noisily. He broke the kiss and began to kiss down her neck. Thrills shot throughout her body. He was going down on her! 

He kissed down her chest to the top of her bra. Danny pushed the one strap further down her arm, slowly uncovering the pink areola of her left breast. Her young nipple was erect, and very sensitive as he flecked his tongue over it for the first time. He licked all around Carrie's nipple, sucking into his mouth briefly before continuing to kiss down her belly. He kissed around her belly button, her pussy was tingling uncontrollably. He kissed down to the top of her skimpy panties before grabbing the waistband in each hand, pulling gently. She grabbed them and held them up. 

"These have to stay on." She breathed, "we can't have sex Danny." She pleaded, though the desire remained in her eyes. He let go of her panties and proceeded to kneel before her. She placed her tiny white feet on the edge of the desk. 

Carrie held herself up on her elbows and watched him kiss the inside of both of her soft thighs. He could smell the scent of her arousal through her panties as he kissed ever closer to her treasure. He kissed her pussy lips over her panties, causing her to gasp as more tingles shot throughout her body. Using his thumb, Danny slowly pushed her panties to one side, exposing the auburn curls of pubic hair followed by the quivering pink lips of her no doubt tight cunt. Not wasting any time, he placed his mouth on her pussy and immediately sucked her swollen lips into her mouth, licking them rapidly, tasting her delicious juices. 

"Ohhhhhhhhhhh.." she sighed, shaking with pleasure. She placed her feet on his shoulders as he released her pussy lips. He slowly licked from the bottom of her slit up to the top, lapping at her clit once he reached it. Her hand grabbed his head and held it between her thin legs as he slid his tongue into her steamy hole. 

"Ohhh God…" she moaned. She could feel a massive orgasm approaching already! Danny sucked her clit into his mouth and held it there, licking at it lightly while continuing to suck gently. Carrie was gasping for breath, getting closer. 

"Ohh, Ohhh, OHHHHHHHHHhhhhhh!" she moaned, cumming. Her hand was pressing his face so tightly against her pussy he couldn't breathe. He didn't mind. She was writhing her crotch against his face as she came, her entire body on fire. He licked and licked and licked her horny twat as her powerful orgasm took over her body. Finally, it subsided. 

She lay before him, gasping for breath, her legs relinquishing their hold on his head. Danny stood up, hard cock in hand, and stepped up to the edge of the desk. Carrie was helpless, flushed, chest heaving, her brastraps were fallen off her shoulders, her nipple partially exposed on the left side, her silk panties were pushed to one side somewhat, partially covering her lovely bush. She was looking at his cock hungrily. 

How easy it would be to just let him slide that tool inside her needy hole! She decided she would if he had a condom. With one hand, Danny pushed her panties the rest of the way over, with the other, he placed the head of his cock against her entrance. He rubbed the mushroom head up and down her pink lips slowly, she sighed, heart pounding. 

"Do you have a condom?" she asked. Damn! He knew he forgot something!! 

"No." he confessed, still hoping though. 

"We can't do this," she breathed, "I'm sorry. We need protection." 

"That's ok." he said. He pulled her into a sitting position and kissed her. She thrust her tongue into his mouth, kissing him passionately as he rubbed his cock against her thinly covered pussy. Her hands were around his neck, they held each other close as he caressed her bare back, up and down, under her bra strap. He unsnapped her bra strap and she felt it fall down her arms. 

He broke the kiss, looking into her eyes as she dropped her bra onto the floor, revealing small, perky breasts. Her skin was so white, her nipples so hard. He kissed her, lips smacking, and he than proceeded to kiss down her neck. She arched her head back as he kissed down her chest. 

The entire time, they were writhing their crotches against one another, driving each other insane. He kissed and licked at each of her small breasts, paying special attention to her nipples. He kissed back up to her mouth where they kissed hard, breathing laborously into each other's mouth. Carrie could stand it no more. She needed it. Bad. She broke the kiss. 

"I can't take it." she gasped, and he watched as she reached down her body with both of her hands. One hand pulled her panties to one side. The other hand grabbed his organ and slowly eased it down to her treasure. His cock jerked slightly, sensitive to the intense heat coming from her cunt when it touched it. She was very very wet. She placed his penis at the entrance to her vagina, pulling it forward slightly, trying to force it in her. Danny pushed forward, watching her pussy lips stretch around the head of his cock, pulling him inward. Moist heat tightly engulfed the top of his penis as he tried to push further into her. 

"Ohhhhhhhh God!" she moaned, feeling her cunt stretch. He was watching her lovely snatch try and take his cock, but it wasn't going in any further. His size was only average, but she was so tight she made him feel huge! He pulled out slightly, grabbing the sides of her hips. Using them for leverage, he pushed hard into her, this time squeezing most of his dick inside her. 

"OHHH!" she cried with pleasure. She needed this. He felt so good inside her. Danny began to slide in and out of Carrie, his penis eventually getting all the way into her tight little vagina.

She lay back on the desk, a beautiful picture before him. His gaze traveled up her body as he screwed her. Her small feet were at the edge of the desk, wide apart, toes curled over the edge. Her sexy legs were creamy white, smooth. Her beautiful, neatly trimmed bush framed a beautiful pussy, and he watched his pole appear and disappear into her pink lips. Her pale white belly was smooth, flat and sexy, her perky tits were bouncing slightly with each of his thrusts, nipples erect. Her head was turned to the side, her eyes closed as she took his cock over and over. 

The desk was moving back about a half inch every time he thrust into her, neither cared or noticed. Carrie felt an orgasm coming on, and she knew it would be a big one. 

"Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh!" her moans were loud, and getting louder as she approached the brink. Her boyfriend's cock was about the same size as this one, but this felt different, somehow, more exciting. Danny fucked her hard on the desk as she hurdled towards orgasm. 

"......OOOOHHHHHHHH! OHHHHHH God!" she cried, cumming. Her entire body was wracked with pleasure. Her pussy was so tight, and it squeezed him even tighter when she came! Her small hands were clawing his arms as she lost all control of her body, cumming so intensely, gasping for air. Her small feet were up above him now, flailing helplessly as he jackhammered in and out of her needy, hungry cunt. He suddenly pulled his cock out of her with a noticeable 'slurp' noise. Carrie was caught off guard, and disappointed, suddenly realizing just how much she loved that cock inside her. He pulled her up onto her feet, kissing her briefly, lips smacking. He spun the helpless girl around and she eagerly bent over the desk. 

He almost came at the sight. He just loved how women's asses looked in skimpy panties. He grabbed them, sliding the dainty things down her sexy legs, falling to his knees behind her as he exposed her ass. He left her panties at her feet, she was now naked before him. He kissed each ass cheek, hands spreading them apart. He loved the sight of her asshole, and her puckered cunt lips beneath. Holding Carrie's ass cheeks apart, he buried his face in her ass, lapping at her tasty snatch once more. 

"Ohhhhh yes! Again!" she cried, loving it as intense pleasure shot from her pussy up her spine. He got his tongue right into her tight hole, tasting her delicious juices. He licked all over her cunt, sucking in her pink lips. She pressed her ass back against his face as he mercilessly licked her horny slit. She felt another orgasm on its way, but unfortunately he couldn't hold off any longer. He had to get his cock back inside her. She didn't mind. 

He stood up behind her. Subconsciously, her legs opened wider and she bent a little further over the desk. He ran his cock down the crack of her ass until it reached her slit, stopping at the entrance to her wonderful treasure. Carrie pushed back, forcing the head of his cock into her tight hole. 

"Ohhhhhhhhh.." she sighed. He grabbed the soft sides of her smooth ass and rammed his penis into her, forcing his entire organ inside the tightest of cunts in one shot. "UNH!" she cried, loving it. Her naked ass was pressed tightly against his groin, his entire penis sheathed deep inside her hungry vagina. Looking down, Danny noticed that Carrie was on her tip toes to accommodate his height of 6'1. He began to slide his dick in and out of her, gripping her ass tightly in his hands as she gripped his cock tightly with her pussy. He fucked her hard right away, slapping rapidly against her young ass. 'slap slap slap slap slap slap slap slap slap' the impact of his groin hitting her ass was loud, and echoed throughout the office as much as her moans did. Her orgasm was on it's way, and her small hands gripped the side of the desk tightly as she got fucked from behind. 

"Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh!" she moaned, face clenched in ecstasy. He loved listening to her moans, and the slaps of her ass against his thrusts. He watched her ass cheeks shake every time he slapped against them. He was losing it as well. Carrie came first though, moaning loudly, hi-pitched. 

"OHHHHHHHHHHH! my God..... Ohhhhhhhh!" she cried as he continued to piston in and out of her tight cunt. After a few more minutes, he was losing it as well. She was so fucking tight!! The entire time, it never felt any looser! Amazing! He moaned, fucking her as hard and as fast as he could, slapping against her ass violently. 

"Are you on the pill?" he grunted, without missing a beat. 

"Yes!" she sighed excitedly. She didn't have the wits about her to ask him to pull out! Danny moaned again, sliding his entire penis deep into Carrie's tight, young vagina. He came. He came hard. Weeks of desire and buildup for this woman and it showed with just how much he came. His cock spasmed, firing out a huge wad of cum into her pussy. Load after load of sperm shot into her womb, his dick would not stop pulsating. She collapsed, moaning on the desk as Danny continued to cum inside her. 

"Oh God.." he gasped as the last of his semen trickled out of him and into her. He held his softening dick inside of her for a minute, cherishing her tightness. Finally, he slipped his penis out of her tight, sopping wet pussy. She stood up and turned to him, beautiful, naked. He hugged her, holding her warm body close as they caught their breath. He kissed her lips softly, repeatedly. He looked at the desk. 

"Holy!" he said, "Check it out!" The desk was pushed about 4 feet across the room and was pressed against the filing cabinet. Still naked, the two of them moved the desk back. He watched Carrie pull her panties up her amazing legs, before getting dressed themselves.

Later, from his car, Danny watched as Carrie got into her boyfriend's car, another guys cum inside her pussy, and drove off.