 It was a slow night at the bar. With the lousy weather we had been having, I knew it would be. Aside from a few regular customers, it had been quiet all night and I was anxious for 3:00 am when my shift would be over. I was tired and horny and I wanted to get home to my husband and ravish his body. He loves when I come home from work horny and take advantage of him.

Then one of the best-looking guys I had seen in a LONG time sauntered in alone. I don’t know why, but most of the really good-looking guys come in alone. If this guy was mine to fuck, I’d never let him go anywhere alone.

I smiled at him as he took a stool near to where I stood. He smiled back and made me want to melt. He had the dreamiest eyes I had ever seen, a clear complexion, and sandy blond hair kept short. His build was tall and slim, but not skinny. He looked to be in his early twenties.

“What can I get you?” I asked him with a smile that said, ‘pick me.’

“Hi beautiful,” he replied. “I’ll have a Labatt Blue”

“Big bottle or small bottle?” I asked.

“Small one…for now,” he said with a wink.

I opened his beer and handed it to him, our fingers touching lightly. We both smiled. Maybe this night wasn’t going to be a total write-off after all. 

Although I had to tend to the other customers as well, I got back to the cute one as quickly as I could.

“I’ve never seen you in here before. Is it your first time?” I asked.

“I just moved into the next town. I’ve driven past this bar and been curious about it, but tonight was the first chance I had to come in for a drink. Is it always this quiet?” he replied.

“Not always,” I assured him. “Tuesday is usually slow, which is why I like to work it, but it gets busier towards the end of the week. You should come on a Friday night sometimes and you’ll see what I mean.”

“I’m not complaining. I used to live downtown and the bars there were so damn noisy. It’s nice to find a place where I can sit quietly and enjoy a beer or two. Besides, if it’s quiet, then I get the pretty barmaid all to myself,” he said with a wink and a smile that made my heart beat faster.

I excused myself for a moment and checked the couple of remaining customers, who were now playing pool in the back room. When I turned around to head back to the front of the bar, I found my new friend staring at me as I walked towards him. Usually it made me quite uncomfortable to be looked at so intensely, but this guy was so good looking and seemed to be so nice, it didn’t bother me at all. I found myself walking with a bit more of a swing to my hips, knowing that he was watching me.

“By the way, my name is Chris,” he said as I reached him 

I offered my hand to him. “Hi, Chris. Nice to meet you; my name’s Wendy.”

He smiled. “Just like the restaurant, huh? Are you ’hot and juicy’ too?”

It was an old joke that I’ve heard on countless occasions, but I smiled nonetheless. He was cute and could have recited the phone book to me, and he would have had me on the edge of my seat, listening.

After a couple of minutes of silence he asked, “What time do you get off, Wendy?”

“The bar closes at 3:00 am. I have to stay just a little later than that, to close up and balance my cash. What did you have in mind?”

He looked at his watch . “Well, I have something quick I need to do, but I’d like to come back and have another beer and talk some more if that’s ok. I think you’re nice, and you’re the prettiest barmaid I’ve seen in a long time.”

I blushed at his compliment . “I’ll be here. I’d like that. I might even join you in a drink or two. I don’t usually drink during my shift, but I sometimes will have one or two at the end of the night.”

“I’ll buy you that drink or two when I get back. I’ve got to go for now though or I’ll be late.”

He took my hand and kissed it, promising again to return before my shift was over. As I watched him walk out the door, I felt the familiar warm wetness between my legs.  Great. Now I was even hornier than before. I checked on the last two customers just as they were finishing up their game of pool and their beers. I thanked them for coming and saw them to the front door. Now, it was REALLY quiet. It was 1:30 am and I still had an hour and a half to go.

I needed to get off bad and I couldn’t wait any longer. I couldn’t close early because if my boss happened to check, he’d be pissed for sure even only a half an hour before closing. I needed a place to go where I could touch myself and get off…somewhere where I wouldn’t get caught and could still see if customers came in. You’d be surprised at the low lifes that show up at 2:30 am. Most of them are just looking for drugs, which my boss gladly provides them.

My van was parked just outside the bar and it seemed like the perfect place. It’s fairly private because of the tinted windows and the front door of the bar was in clear view, in case anyone showed up at the last minute.

I climbed inside the van and quickly removed my shorts and blue thong and threw them on the floor. I put one foot up on the dashboard so that my legs were spread quite wide. My god, I couldn’t believe how turned on I was. My fingers slid deliciously up and down my wet slit, lingering over my hard clit. I closed my eyes and thought about the boy that came into the bar earlier that night. I pictured him coming back at closing and where things could go from there. I pictured his beautiful lean body leaning over me and his delicious shaved cock poised at my lips, knowing he would taste just heavenly. I had two fingers inside my hot wet pussy now, pumping in and out as fast as I can manage. I gently rubbed my clit with my other hand, starting out slowly and gradually building up speed and intensity. It felt so fucking good that I thought I might never stop. I could feel my pussy juice dripping down onto my ass, literally wetting the seat of the van.

As I got closer and closer, I decided to open my eyes and take a quick look to make sure that someone wasn’t trying to get into the bar.

My eyes widened in a mix of horror and delight as I saw Chris standing outside my van. He was leaning against the hood and had a perfect view of what I was doing. I immediately stopped and my face reddened. I’d never been caught masturbating before and really wasn’t sure how to react to a stranger watching me. When he noticed me watching him, he smiled and came over to my side of the van. I had no clue what to do next. I was embarrassed at being ’caught’, but was still so damn horny.

I partly covered myself with my hands and opened the door. I didn’t even have time to think about what I was going to say. When the door opened, I could see that he had his jeans undone and had his hard cock in his hand. He had been jacking off while he was watching me! Now I was even hotter than I was before and the need to cum was even more urgent.

Before I could do or say anything, he twisted my legs towards him, spread them again and dove into my wet pussy. He was young, but he was certainly talented. He twirled his tongue around my erect clit and in just a few minutes I was moaning and grinding my pussy onto his face. He had his eyes open and was watching me intensely. I put my hands up and gently twisted my nipples. That was all it took. Wave after wave of pleasure coursed through my body, in an orgasm that seemed to last forever. 

“My God, you taste so good,” he said. His face was shiny with pussy juice. He looked so hot kneeling down at the side of my van.

“When I got here I was hoping to find you alone, but this was better than I ever hoped for. How fucking fantastic it was to watch you masturbate. I had to stroke myself as I watched you touch your pussy.”

“Well, I must say that I was a little surprised myself when I opened my eyes and saw you standing there watching me,” I said with a coy smile. “But, I’m certainly glad you came back.”

I quickly put my shorts back on, leaving the thong on the floor of the van. I took his hand and led him into the bar. It was already closing time, so I locked the door to prevent any intrusions. Without a word, I led him into the back room with the pool table. We embraced with such urgency that I thought I would die if I couldn’t have him right then and there.  I pulled his shirt off over his broad shoulders and traced kisses down his neck and chest. I gently licked at his nipples, enjoying the way they got hard under my tongue. I traced a line down his chest to his navel, and let my tongue swirl around inside. He put his head back and sighed.

“How I love your soft touch, baby. Your tongue is driving me crazy; I don’t think I can wait much longer to feel your soft lips wrapped around my cock.”

I quickly undid his jeans and pulled them down to the floor. He wasn’t wearing anything underneath. I smiled as I watched his shaved cock bounce free. He was already hard and definitely ready for some attention. I took his cock in my hand and let my tongue tease his slit. I could already taste precum there.  He tasted even better than I had imagined. I wrapped my lips around the head of his cock, sucking gently. He groaned again and put his hands on the back of my head, twisting them in my hair. As my hot mouth went up and down the length of his cock, he gently guided my head back and fourth.

It didn’t take him long until he was ready to cum. He pulled himself away. “No, not like this.”

I stood up and watched him as he stepped out of his jeans. He asked me to undress for him. I quickly found some change and put some appropriate music on the jukebox. Something slow and sexy. Then I danced for him as he sat on the edge of the pool table and slowly stroked his cock.

I felt like I had total control of the entire universe just then. He watched every move I made as I gently swayed my hips back and fourth. I turned around and slowly raised my top up over my head. I wasn’t wearing a bra and my perky breasts bounced freely as I liberated them from the confines of my T-shirt. I turned around and looked at his beautiful blue eyes. I cupped my breasts in my hands, as I continued to dance for him. I touched my nipples and he watched as they grew bigger and harder under my delicate touch.

“I love your tits, baby. Watching you touch yourself is such a turn on.”

“And I’m getting SO turned on watching you stroke your cock, Chris. I can’t wait to see how it feels inside of me.”

I undid the button of my jean shorts and hooking my thumbs in the waistband, I slowly pulled them down over my hips and finally let them rest on the floor around my feet. I walked out of them and approached Chris at the pool table. He got up and pulled me into him, driving his tongue deep into my mouth. I could still taste myself there.

Without breaking our kiss, he turned me around so that my back was facing the table and gently laid me onto it. He spread my legs and slowly ran his hard cock up and down the folds of my now soaking wet pussy, teasing me.  When I couldn’t stand it any longer, I grabbed his cock and placed it at the opening of my sweet pussy. As soon as I took my hand away, he thrust the length of his cock into me. I cried out, partially because he was quite big and it hurt a little, but mostly because it was what I really wanted.

I wrapped my long legs around his lower back and hooked my feet together to keep him close to me. He was thrusting so furiously now that I knew he had to be close. I reached down and began to quickly massage my clit with one hand, wanting us to cum together. Within just a few short moments, he was crying out in pleasure as another wave hit my body. He continued to thrust into me, until every last drop of hot cum was inside and starting to trickle out onto the table.

We slowly began to get dressed.

“Wow,” Chris said. “I knew that we were attracted to each other from the moment I walked in here tonight, but I had no idea that it would be this good. Do you give all your customers the V.I.P. treatment?” he asked with a wicked smile.

“Only the really hot ones,” I answered with a wink. “This was quite a night, Chris; the best I’ve had in a long time. I wish it didn’t have to end but it’s late and I need to close up and balance my cash before I go home. My husband will start to worry if I’m not home soon.” 

“Your husband is one lucky man Wendy. If you don’t mind, I’d love to come back when you’re working again.”

“I’d be delighted. I like the way you play pool.”

Chris laughed and kissed me deeply. We said our goodbyes and he promised to be back again.  I was looking forward to it.

It was 45 minutes later by the time I got the bar ready for closing and my cash settled. Even though my mind had not really been on my job all night, I wasn’t off by much. I turned out the lights and locked up. I got into my van and was home within a few minutes. The house was dark and quiet, like it usually is when I get home at 4:00 am. Hubby would be fast asleep in our bed. I couldn’t wait to crawl into bed beside him.

I quickly fixed myself a drink. I was too excited to sleep, so I drew myself a hot bath and quickly shed my clothes for a second time that evening. As I lowered myself into the hot water and felt it envelope me, I closed my eyes and thought about what took place at work. Chris was so young and so sweet, I certainly hoped I would see him again. 

I washed away any signs of Chris from my body, and dried myself off with my favorite fluffy towel. Incredibly enough, I could feel myself getting horny again and was glad that my hubby was downstairs in my bed, waiting for me. 

I walked downstairs to where my bedroom was and opened the door. It was dark and I didn’t want to wake my hubby by turning on any lights. I slid my towel off and let it fall to the floor. In just a few minutes, my eyes had adjusted to the dark and I could see the outline of my hubby on the bed. That’s all I needed to see.

I slowly peeled the covers from his body, exposing his sleepy form to the cool night air. He stirred briefly, but didn’t open his eyes. I crawled down between his legs and flicked my tongue at the sensitive flesh of his balls. He moaned and stirred slightly, but still didn’t awaken. Feeling a little guilty over my escapade at the bar earlier that night, I decided to give hubby a real treat. I lifted his legs, bent at the knees, and gently lay them down on the sheets. I took his semi-hard cock in one hand and lifted it, giving me access to all his other parts.

I continued to lick his balls and took each one into my mouth, rolling it around with my tongue. He moaned and stirred even more, holding his legs up out of the way. I then let his cock go, as it was hard enough that it pressed against his stomach, out of my way for now. I spread his ass cheeks open and licked at his tight hole. He began to move with such energy that I knew he was no longer asleep. I let my tongue find its way inside the tight confines of his dark tunnel, slowly pumping in and out. His breathing was labored now and I knew that if I didn’t stop soon, he would be coming in no time.

I then brought my attention back to his hard cock. I took the tip into my mouth and sucked softly, like a baby would suck its thumb. I knew he loved that. As I felt his hips start to buck underneath me, I took the length of his cock into my mouth. I reached down and cupped his balls in my hand, gently kneading them. I slowly and deliberately raked my nails across the sensitive flesh of his balls and I could feel them tightening in my hands.

“Cum for me,” I told him. “I want to feel your hot cum jetting down my throat. I want to taste you so badly, baby.”

As his hips bucked towards my face at lightening speed, he cried out in the stillness of the night. I reached underneath myself and quickly massaged my clit back and fourth and as I felt his hot sweetness filling my mouth and sliding down my throat, my own orgasm ripped through my body. For one small moment in time, I forget where I was as every single hair on my body stood on end.

When the waves of orgasmic pleasure had subsided, I crawled up to him, kissing him deeply. 

“My god woman, you’re insatiable,” he whispered to me in the dark.

“You have no idea,” I answered, with a grin so wide that I was glad it was dark and he couldn’t make it out.

“How was your night?” he asked.

“Same as usual,” I replied. “Quiet.”