 There was something about the way that he smiled. There was something about the way that he acted. He was sincere. He was genuine. He was a gentleman. He just appeared from the first moment that I met him like a really nice guy. And that caught my attention. The fact that he was a little bit older, okay a lot a bit older, meant nothing to me and I foolishly thought for a moment that the age difference might bother him. But the way that he talked and the way that he flirted in response to my advances. And oh God that truck! The truck is what caught my attention from minute one I have to admit. But even still everything seemed so far fetched. I was 24 and he was 37. He had been a military man, and I was just a girl that came in and happened to be damn good at my job. Then there was the problem that we worked together... Which turned out to be just an excuse for us to get closer together without realizing what we were doing.

"What are you doing tomorrow night?" He asked me smirking in a new way that he had yet to look at me before,

"Probably just going home to sleep," I said not looking up from my computer. I had trained myself over the last couple months to not look up from my monitor when he walked by. I didn't want to be too obvious that he was the prime focus when he walked by. He kept walking.

"You know that Larry talked to him about what you said at our house the other night, right?" Chris said to me leaning over. Chris and Larry were roommates and had both relocated from South Carolina together. I came into the mix a couple months after they moved up here. For some reason we had become the trio from Hell and were practically always together both in and out of work. Chris and I had our moments, but that is for another story. One night over the past weekend I had mentioned my little crush on Brad and jokingly suggested to Larry that he mention it to Brad and see what his reaction was even though I already knew.

"Are you kidding me?" I exclaimed in shock. Chris shook his head.

'What did you say to him?!' I texted to Larry right away.

'I simply suggested that he take your playful flirtation as more than just that. J' Larry texted back. I could feel my face turning red. I excused myself from my conversations and went outside to smoke a cigarette. Brad followed a few minutes behind me.

"I really wish you would quit smoking. It's your only fault," he said putting his hands in his pockets.

"Yeah, well some day I will find a reason to quit but until then," I said taking another drag.

"What time do you get off tomorrow?" He asked changing the subject.

I couldn't resist the moment to make a completely inappropriate comment. "Depends on what time you pick me up and how fast you work," I said with a flirtatious smile.

"I deserved that," he said laughing. "Well, since you usually only work till six, I will pick you up at six-thirty, dinner till eight and if all goes according to plan, you'll be getting off right around eight-fifteen," he said as he unlocked the back door to our office.

"Mother fucker makes a comment like that and then just walks away? Dick!" I said to myself as I flicked my cigarette. I walked back into the building and sat down.

"What are you doing tomorrow night?" Chris asked me.

"Going on a date," I said smirking at Brad across the room.

"That's what I wanted to hear," Chris laughed.

The next night I clocked out at six and went into the office bathroom. I changed my boring khaki pants and black polo T-shirt to a pair of tight blue jeans, a white tank top, my black leather jacket, and a pair of black stripper heels. They were a little trashy but they just looked so damn cute I couldn't resist wearing them. I flipped my head upside down and tossled my brown Joan Jett hair cut. I touched up my eyeliner and my pink lip plumping lip gloss on top of my already pouty lips was the perfect touch. I smiled to myself in the mirror and walked out.

When I opened the door to drop my stuff off in my car, there he was. Sitting in the parking lot right next to my car in his truck. Oh God that truck. He was driving a 2010 Dodge Ram 1500 king cab. I have always been a truck girl, and the minute I saw his truck I just lost it. He had a 2007 Ram 1500 prior to this one, but once he upgraded to get one with 4 wheel drive for the New England winters I just couldn't control myself anymore and realized I was throwing myself at him a lot more. Now here I am meeting him to go out in the very truck that made me fall for him to begin with.

We went to dinner and the flirting and conversation began getting more and more deep. We talked about his military days, travels, and dislike of work. We talked about my recent end of a horrible two year relationship, my divorce, and my goals. We talked about being too scared to make a move, and fearing not having a chance with the other. We made playful references when an opportunity arose in the normal conversation, and by the time the dessert menu came around I was dripping in my panties. We chose to skip dessert, he paid the bill and we walked out to the truck. He put his arm around my shoulders and pulled me close to him. He had a natural good smell to him. Not like the guys that bathe in cologne hoping it's sexy. You could smell a little bit of cologne, but mostly soap. A clean fresh smell, not fake and gross.

He kissed my forehead. I knew if he was taking in smells he was taking in the smell of sweet peas and jasmine flowers. I chose to skip the perfume this morning, and only use a little bit of body spray. I didn't want to be that girl either.

When we got in the truck we could hardly keep our hands off each other thighs and shoulders. I slid over and he put his arm around me as he backed out of the parking space. Once we hit the highway I started kissing his cheek and neck. I could feel his breathing get heavy and my hand sliding up his thigh showed me that he was really enjoying the touching. I ran my hand over his quickly growing boner through his jeans. I reached under his shirt for his belt. Undoing it, I unbuttoned and unzipped his jeans. Through his boxers, his massive erection flopped free. I was taken back for a minute, it was bigger than I had expected. I kissed his cheek as I wrapped my hand around it. I smiled and dropped down below the steering wheel. As soon as I wrapped my lips around the head, he leaned back in the seat and let out a moan. "Take the long way home," I said between licks.

I continued to tease him by just licking the head and when I was licking his sweet pre-cum as he relaxed I took his entire shaft in my mouth. I ran my tongue ring along the underside of his shaft and felt it throbbing in my mouth. He was resting his hand on the back of my head and wrapping his hand in my hair. Very softly, he would put a little bit of pressure on the back of my head and was moaning and groaning each time I sucked harder on his cock. After a few minutes I knew he couldn't handle it anymore. I was rubbing his balls and bobbing hard and fast on his cock. I felt him stiffen up through his whole body. "I'm gonna cum," he said breathing heavy. I continued sucking him harder and faster until his head was brushing against my tonsils. I felt him cum and I just continued swallowing until every drop had leaked out of him. I gave it one last jerk from base to tip to ensure that I didn't miss any, and I licked up any that I did miss. He just let out a sigh and adjusted himself so he was no longer hanging out.

"That was amazing," he said putting his arm around me again. I rested my head on his shoulder as I took in the geography of where we were.

"Take the next exit." I said lifting my head.

"Why?"

"Because that way, silly, brings you to my apartment." He didn't need anymore explanation that that. I gave him directions and in a few minutes we were parked in front of m apartment building.

We got out and locked the truck and I took his hand. I didn't really give him a chance to object, suggest, or really do much of anything before I was leading him up the stairs to my third floor apartment. I fumbled with the lock when we reached my door while he ran his hands along my back and shoulders. His touch was electric and making it very hard to focus on anything else. Before the door was even locked behind us and the dogs were put away, clothes were being ripped off. My jacket went one way, he shirt another. Shoes flew across the kitchen and jeans ended up on the dogs. He was kissing and biting my neck as I told my dogs to go lay down between heavy breaths. They were very obedient.

"The bedroom's that way," I said pointing between kisses. He picked me up in both arms and I wrapped my legs around his waist. He used me to push the bedroom door open and lay me down on my bed. He knelt in front of my as he finished removing my clothes. He kissed my lips and my neck again. I could hardly contain myself and thought I was going to cum right then. He kissed each nipple and down my stomach before stopping at my clean shaven pussy. He ran his fingers up my pussy lips and I knew the he now also knew how wet I was. He slid a finger against and began to rub it. I dropped back off my elbows and rolled my eyes back. He began to tease the out side of my hole and then with no warning, slid in two fingers. I moaned deeply and felt another rush of fluids drip down his hand. He removed his hand and brought his mouth over my pussy. I felt the warmth of his breath and it caused every nerve in my body to stand on end. He first ran his tongue along my lips as he had his finger, then he separated the lips with his tongue and tasted my entire slit. He began eating every inch of my pussy and finger fucking me. He started sucking on my clit and fingering me hard and fast. I knew I was about to cum and he did do. He wrapped his arms around my thighs, lifted me off the bed and began ravenously eating my pussy hold. I came all over his face in one deep long moan. He lay me back on the bed and wiped his mouth on his hand.

"It's okay," I said in a soft 'fuck me' voice. "You can kiss me after eating me. I don't mind." I smiled with half my mouth and looked up at him. He kissed me passionately and deeply. I kissed him back. As he was on top of me I could feel his erection poking my thigh. I wrapped my legs around his waist and ran my finger nails hard up his back. It didn't take him long to find his way into me. He didn't tease me this time. He shoved his hard cock into me to the base. I felt a rush surge through my body and came again. He began to hammer away at my pussy. I felt his balls slapping my ass as he fucked me.

Suddenly he removed his cock from me. I looked up to him with a pout. "Roll over," he said smiling. I quickly obeyed.

He inserted his cock into me from behind. He continued hammering away at my pussy so hard I thought if he came it was coming out my mouth. I couldn't contain myself anymore and started screaming and moaning. I was cumming again and he was too. I felt the warmth and he filled me up and I covered him. He rolled off of me and lay down next to me.

"I suppose we should try and keep this quiet, huh?" I said putting my head on his chest.

"Why?"

"Well, the whole work thing," I said softly.

"Fuck them. I'm not gonna keep quiet that I am banging you just because they might not like it." He kissed my forehead...