 I'm lying half asleep when you walk in. You tell me about the great concert you've just come back from, and I'm listening, but my mind is far away, not quite back from the half started dream. I suddenly realise you've taken off all your clothes and have got into bed in just your underwear. It crosses my mind that this is odd, but you are still talking so I try to listen. I hear you tell me about the chick who was hitting on your mate and how funny it was, the hand slowly lifting up my pyjama top barely registers. 

Then you come up close and whisper in my ear that you are very horny. You know those words work magic and see the smile spread my lips. You start kissing your way down my neck towards my collarbone as your hands finally find my breasts. I close my eyes contentedly, but my half started dream kicks off again and I slip further away from you. As soon as I stop responding you lift your head from my cleavage and see me almost asleep again. This pisses you off and you wonder out loud whether I actually love you or whether I just see you as a piece of meat I can screw whenever it suits me. 

"Does any part of me turn you on, other than my cock?" You ask in anger. You have turned away from me now, and the tone of your voice wakes me up.

Of course you turn me on, so much of you turns me on that I don't even know where to start. "You sexy beast of a man" I add, trying to make you laugh. A reluctant twitch of your lips lets me see that you're listening and your anger is softening.

I guess I could start with the sexy way you get little shivers up and down your back whenever I get close to your earlobes, and especially when I gently bite them. Like this. Your beautiful long black hair which I love to play with and just turns you into putty in my hands. I adore the way I can play with your hair while staring into those bewitching brown eyes that seem to look right into my deepest core, strip all my social masks away, and see the real me. The one you are seeing right now.

From there, your irresistible lips, so soft at first, but quickly gathering strength and passion to leave me breathless. But I'm still not sure which of my lips I prefer yours on, you ignite passion wherever you put your lips and always leave me breathless.

I then like to kiss your throat, and see the little shivers that run down your back again. The smooth skin that covers your body, always slightly suntanned with very light freckles which are only visible when close. But I know them very well and delight in following their trail with my lips and tongue, down from your throat to your collar bone, over your shoulder and down your strong arm, leading to your hand and most talented fingers. Those fingers, so talented on musical instruments, while also being, together with your lips, the second best thing to have touched and played with my pussy.

While I place your hand where it can display its talents, I continue to follow the freckles down your body. I find it very sexy the way your voice catches and your breath quickens, the closer I get to that attractive line of hair running down into your boxer shorts. But before I get there, I take my time, kissing, licking and stroking every part of your body.

It turns me on to frustrate you further by, instead of continuing down into your shorts, turning you over for a massage. The way your whole body reacts to my touch, feeling you completely at my command and trusting me so completely to allow me to rub and kiss your whole delightful body, turns me on. 

As I pull your boxers down to kiss and stroke the backside I admire, I hear you catch your breath as my hand lightly touches your penis. Once I have worshipped your bum, I am impatient to turn you over and follow your hipbone to the most prized part of your anatomy: your exquisite cock.

Just looking at it, so hard, with its purple head, throbbing, makes me instantly wet (even wetter than I already was). I adore your cock with my licks, strokes and sucks. I enjoy the feel of your balls sucked into my mouth, and the sounds you make when I roll them gently with my tongue or my hands. I relish the feel of your hard cock on my tongue, the throbbing veins slowly going deeper into my mouth until the purple head touches the back of my throat. The moans that escape you while I do this, the way you tangle your hand in my hair to make sure I move at the perfect pace for you, the way you smell and taste, it all turns me on so much that just thinking about it makes me bite my lip in lust. Especially knowing that I am the only woman who has revelled in the feel and taste of your cum hitting the back of my throat and filling my mouth, to then swallow the load you have given me and lick your cock clean. 

During this whole time, those piercing brown eyes watch me, reminding me that this most beautiful part of your body, your delightful cock, is only as beautiful as the man behind it, the man who looks at me, and sees into my deepest core, sees the sexually passionate woman I am and isn't afraid or disgusted, but accepts me and matches me in a most sexually passionate moment, that we will both treasure.