 When I was a kid I had a friend named Carrie. Her parents were divorced and so her mom lived with her grandparents down the street. It seemed that every time it was her mom's turn to get her she would always come over to my house with her little brother and ask me and my sister to come out and play. We often did but as time went on it got annoying that she would come just almost everyday. She was tall skinny with blonde hair. I saw her only as a good friend, which made what happened when she called me one night very weird.

Her mom had moved out of her grandparent's home by now but still visited often. One night after she had gone home she calls me and tells me that she likes me. I was 14 at that time and saw her only as a friend so I really didn't know what to do. I said I liked her but only as a friend. After that she didn't visit nearly as much as she used too did. I actually went about two years without seeing her at one time.

The few times I did see her was only because she was outside with her mom and grandparents. As time went on I saw how she grew up, and grow up she did. She was still tall and blonde, but not nearly as skinny as she used to be. She had gotten a figure, her breasts filled out and I finally noticed just how good those long legs looked. We never talked though. I guess it was just as weird for her as it was for me. Whenever I would see her I would think, "Shit, what was I thinking back then?"

I obviously didn't see her as a friend anymore but as the hot girl she had become. I almost never saw her but when I did I couldn't help but kick myself for the missed chance. I was 18 now waiting to go to college and leave home. My family was gone for the day. My sister went over to a friend's house and my dad had to go to Vegas for the day. He was representing his company in a convention and took my mom with him. I was outside in the late morning washing my car before it got too hot when I saw that Carrie had come to visit her grandparents. I took of my shirt because it was hot but also because I wanted to show off to Carrie to show her that she had missed out on something too. I was fairly muscular, in high school I did football and wrestling all four years but I was not a body builder.

I continued washing my car and was just finishing drying it off when I noticed that everybody was leaving except for Carrie. I paid no real attention to it and finished washing my car. When I finished I heard a voice call out behind me. "Hey Jake, long time no see."

I turned around to see Carrie in a red gray halter-top and super short shorts. She had her blonde hair back in a ponytail. I was a little confused because that was the most contact we've had with each other in about 4 years.

"Hey. Yeah it's been awhile." I said. "So what's up, I saw that everybody left, why did you stay?"

"My mom got a big raise so now we can afford a house instead of an apartment. Everybody went house shopping, and I don't like that. I told them to narrow it down to a few houses then I would go because I don't want to waste my whole day on that."

"I know what you mean. My aunt moved recently and I had to go with them when they were looking for houses too; it gets boring."

"Yeah, so, is this your car?

"Yeah I got it for graduation. I still had to save about $1000 but my parents paid the rest."

"Wow, lucky. So you take good care of it?"

"Of course, my first car was a bucket so I am not taking this for granted?"

I was getting uncomfortable by this time wandering what she was up to. "So are you home alone right now?"

"Yeah, my sister is at a friends house for the day and my parents went to Vegas for a convention."

"So we were both left alone with no supervision."

I noticed the change of tone in her voice again confusing me. I didn't expect anything but I had learned my lesson and decided to not let this chance slip away.

"Yeah I guess so. You know its getting hot out here and I don't want to burn, want to come inside."

"Sure."

I was a little surprised she agreed. Even back when we were good friends we were rarely in each other's homes. So now after years of not even talking to each other she approaches me and accepts to come inside to my house. This was a very weird day. I grabbed my shirt and put it back on. I thought I heard a disappointing groan coming from her but I didn't really think about it.

When I let her in she did the weirdest thing yet, she went straight into my bedroom. I walked in and I find her sitting with her legs crossed on the edge of my still unmade bed. I started to think that maybe she still liked me and that we were older now and have different things on our minds when we get to this age.

"You have a firm bed you know." She said seductively. "I bet it can take a lot us jumping on it."

I was not imagining this, here was my old friend that had a crush on me, now a lot hotter, and she is trying to seduce me. And it was working. She lay back giving me a good chance to study her. She was tall blonde thin but not too thin legs that were shapely. Her tits were not big at all but they were there and the only word that came to mind to describe them was "perky". Her shirt rode giving a clear view of her flat trim stomach. The look on her face was one of complete lust.

She knew I was checking her out and did nothing to stop it. She then gets up comes close and seductively takes her finger and traces an unrecognizable shape on my chest. "You remember that day years ago when I told you I had a crush on you?"

"Uh, yeah." Was all I could say with the new thought that she might have some sort of revenge planned for rejecting her years ago. The old saying came to mind, hell knows no fury like a woman scorned.

"I think the reason you didn't feel the same way was because we were young, immature and we were just to close as friends for you to see me as anything else. I think now that we have grown apart and…" she looks me up and down, "matured, you can see me differently now."

I didn't know if this was a cruel tease or if she really wanted this. My questions were answered when she forcefully takes me in her arms and kisses me hard slipping her tongue into my mouth. I was in shock but not for long. I grabbed her and returned the kiss. She took the initiative and led me to the bed and laid there still with our lips locked.

Then she took my hand and put it on her thigh. Damn this girl was horny. She got on top of me and to my shirt off and started to kiss and lick my chest. I had always liked it when girls did that. She started to grind herself on my crotch with increasing speed while still working on my chest. My hard-on was now painfully seeking release of it tight confinements.

To move things along I started to pull her shirt up. She sat up and allowed me to take it off. She "perky" tits came into view. She had the cutest tiny nipples and I immediately started to tweak them as one hand struggled to unbutton her shorts. I got the button up then reached up and took one of those tits in my mouth. She took a deep breath and opened her mouth as I started to lick on suck on them. Panting hard she moved my head from on breast to the other as she continued to grind my crotch.

Finally she took her breasts away and stood up over me on the bed and took off her shorts. She was wearing a thong and gave me a good view of her ass as she hopped off the bed and started to take off my pants. My cock sprang up so quickly from the confines of my shorts that I thought as it shot up it would detach from my body.

She immediately drops to her knees and takes me into her mouth. She didn't seem to care that I was sweating outside in the hot sun; if anything it made it better for her. She was devouring my cock as if she had been stranded in the desert for days and could get water from my cock. She started to play with my balls a little to vigorously and I cried in pain. She eased off and the pain became pleasure.

I was so lost in the feeling that I hadn't noticed that as she bobbed up and down on my swollen cock that she had me ¾ of the way in her mouth. She continued to suck me, and got closer and closer to having me all the way into her mouth. I finally hit the back of her throat. This was my first deepthroat. All the girls I had been with before had gotten at the most half way down. My god the amount of pleasure she was giving me. I was soon coming in her mouth and she was swallowing it all.

She picked her head up still swallowing and licking around her lips to make sure she had it all. My head was spinning. I recovered quickly and pushed her onto the bed on her stomach. I took off her soaked panties and started I started kissing her neck and down her back and onto her ass cheeks. She was squealing in pleasure.

I picked so she was on her hands and knees and buried my face into that wet pussy licking and sucking with vigor. She made sounds I didn't think a woman could make as she was showing me how she loved what I was doing to her. She started pushing back into my face forcing the tongue I had inserted into her go in as far as it could. She was dripping wet and getting even wetter. I did my best to lick up as much as I could.

I took my face away from her hot pussy and inserted two finger in right away. She again squealed loudly as they entered fast. I managed with the other hand to play with her tits and my hard again cock was rubbing against her clit. Right when I knew she was going to cum I quickly removed my fingers and thrust my cock hard into her boiling cunt. She shuddered in silence as she felt the effects of a giant orgasm. I left my cock in there to feel her as the walls of her pussy contracted. When they stopped I continued to pound into her from behind while still playing with her tits.

She gave little high pitched grunts as our flesh smacked together. She started pushing back to meet my thrusts. She was close to cumming again and so was I. She knew I was close too and said, "I'm on the pill so go ahead… cum inside me please!!!" That was all I needed I grabbed her by the shoulders and brought her back to meet thrust after thrust. She came with a scream so loud I thought the neighbors would hear. I was right with her blowing my load deep inside her. I didn't pull out of her as we fell onto our sides gasping for breath.

I started to caress her rubbing my hands all over her body still imbedded in her. I found her clit and started rubbing it. She was moaning in pleasure again and I felt my dick getting hard again inside of her. She seemed to like the feeling of my enlarging cock inside of her.

I flipped her on her back never leaving her hole and got on top of her. I put her legs on my shoulders and stated to fuck her again. I could tell she was surprised that I could still give her more but she was not complaining. She was very flexible so having her legs on my shoulders as I fucked her was no problem for her. It allowed me to get deeper into her than before. She was loving it and so was I. I felt her cum again but I kept at it. She pushed me onto my back and followed me. This was our third position with out my cock ever leaving her pussy.

She started to ride me slowly at first and then harder. She was hopping up and down on my cock like it was a pogo stick. Eventually she would take a little rest from time to time by simply grinding on my crotch again but then got right back to fucking me. Finally I came and when she felt me shoot another load deep inside her she came as well. She was spent and collapsed on top of me. I could tell she was exhausted. She tried to roll off me but kept her impaled on my still half erect cock.

"My god!! Again?"

She said it not so much as an amazed voice, even though she was and so was I; she said it more with excitement and happiness. She started to kiss my and lick my chest again to get me up faster. I was keeping busy massaging her ass and back. Soon I was hard again and she enjoyed the feeling of my prick rising inside her again. I managed to sit up and stand up still with my cock inside her. She had her long legs wrapped around me and her arms around her neck helping me support her.

I pinned her against the wall and started to fuck her again. She was still exhausted but still managed to hold on to me as I relentlessly fucked her standing up. She came again and again and I managed to hold on. She was begging me to stop and then changed her mind as another orgasm ripped through her. I thought she would faint soon so I finally decided not to hold back. On her next orgasm I fucked her even harder and I felt the cum shoot out once more into her pussy. I got weak and fell back onto the bed with her still on top. Finally I rolled her off of me, dislodging my prick from her well used pussy.

I moved up to her face and stuck my limp cock in her face. She knew what to do and proceeded to clean off my prick. I came again as she sucked me but nothing more than a dribble came out. I was spent. She fell asleep and I got up, still naked, and got several water bottles from the fridge. I drank two before she woke up and I handed her one.

"Don't want to get dehydrated," I said. She took my offer and guzzled it down. After all the orgasms and sweating she was naturally starving for a drink. We stank of sex so that gave me an idea.

"We stink, so how about a shower."

"Sure."

I led her to the shower and I adjusted temperature of the water. We stepped in and started washing each other in an erotic fashion. I was hard again. I was washing Carrie's back and then suddenly bent her slightly and impaled once more on my cock.

"Oh my god!!!" she screamed I slammed into her. She was still sensitive so she cummed pretty fast. I continued but not for much longer. I reached over to her clit and rubbed it as I continued to thrust into her. She cummed again as I unloaded again inside of her. She collapsed on her knees, still facing the wall recovering. I picked her up and continued to wash her. After or shower we dressed each other.

"God, thank you for that. I'm glad that we made up for lost time." She pecks me on the cheek and walks to her house. I noticed she had a hard time walking normally. I took pride in that sight. Her family would be back soon and I wondered how long it would be before I saw her again.