 My first story ever! Tell me what you think!

Emma was a junior in college when she had her first sexual encounter with a professor. She was majoring in Biochemistry and the 5'5", 130lb student with the busty bra and those gorgeous curves had been working herself to death every night, all alone, in her room to finish her final project. 

Emma had always had her professor, Dr. Treadwell, on the top of her list of guilty fucks. And she tried her best to impress him with her brains as well as her sexy thighs in those short skirts she liked to go commando in. On the day her final project was due, Emma woke up late because there had been a power surge and her alarm clock did not go off. She hurried herself into the shower, not getting in her morning orgasm and feeling anxious about the day. 

She went to copy the project file from her computer to a disk and saw that the second half of the project had been deleted in the power surge since she had clumsily fallen asleep half-dressed and in the middle of her project. Since she was already late for class, she just took what she had and walked to school, she told her professor what had happened and he said they would speak after class, in his office.

She met him in his office after class. "Emma, your grade on the project as it is, is an F. Now, I am willing to let you do some make up work that can get you up to an A. But I cannot change the grade of your project and these aren't being accepted late," said Dr. Treadwell.

Emma couldn't help herself, her eyes started to tear up.

"There isn't any way that I can finish it and bring it to you later today, or any other options?"

"No. The project is out of the picture at this point. What we need to do is decide what you can do to make it up," said Treadwell.

"I'll do anything you ask, professor. I have to get an A in this class!"

"Well, Emma, I am going to fuck you. I always keep it a few degrees cooler in the classroom just so I can get horny by looking at your pert little nipples through those silk shirts," he said.

Emma had no idea how to reply to this, but she quickly made up her mind to let him do whatever he wanted to her, since it was a fantasy of hers to be dominated by him. She sensed that he wanted her to seem reluctant before giving in.

"Well, I have noticed that it's always chilly in here," she said. "But what I would really like to discuss is my make up work." She shifted so that he could see her D-cup breasts protruding from her blouse. She bit her bottom lip and looked him in the eye.

"If you keep pretending you don't already know where this is going, your grades will be affected."

"What would my grade be if I took off my skirt and blouse?"

"Haha, a D, if you want to get serious about this, you should strip. NOW. So that there isn't a piece of clothing on you, and youll lay on my couch on your back."

She decided not to speak, but to obey. She slowly stood up and removed her blouse, button by button, and slipped it off of her shoulders. Then she unzipped her skirt and let it fall from her hips to the floor. Her black lacy bra was next to go, and she turned her back to him as she gently bent over and tugged her panties off. She lay on his couch, motionless except for her heart racing.

"That's much better, Emma. I need you to know that I am not going to hurt you more than you want to be hurt, and I need you to agree to let me do as I wish with you and not object until I say we're finished. If you do this, you will have an A on every assignment for the rest of the semester," said the professor.

Emma looked in to his eyes, blinked, and nodded yes.

He felt himself grow hard in his pants and had to stop himself from touching his huge erection. Emma was just laying there waiting to be his. He could not do anything but touch her. He ran his hands over her nipples and cupped her breasts. She let out a short whimper as he stradled her and leaned down to lick and suck her nipples and her neck. As he was licking and blowing and pinching and sucking her nipples until they were about to explode, his hand was moving along the inside of her thighs.

He brought his hand further up and cupped her mound, applying a little pressure. He parted her shaved, glistening pussy lips and began to rub her clit very softly in a circular motion. 

She gasped. He slowly and easily slipped two fingers into her dripping cunt. She was so wet, and he was so hard. She was already getting so aroused that she wanted to suck his dick until he came harder than he ever had before. She reached up to his pants and grasped the long, thick erection. He shook his head no. No? She could hardly stand it anymore, the way he was touching her, rubbing her clit, gently and then faster working her cunt with his fingers on her G-spot. And all the while he was still breathing on her nipples and taking them into his mouth again and again. She felt a stimulation overload when he began to move downward and kiss her pussy. 

All of a sudden he slipped his fingers out and started to pressure her clit with the flat of his tongue. He brought his thumb back up to roll her clit around while he roughly began to lick her slit up and down and in and out, with his free hand pinching her nipples until she began to buck her hips up and down, grinding her pussy into his face. 

He was hungrily lapping her juices and working her pussy with his fingers and tongue so that she couldn't hold off anymore and a multiple orgasm surged through her nipples and her layers of pussy that were dripping her sex. 

"Ohhhhh God yes yes yes! Oh Professor please don't stop. Fuck me with your fingers! Oh please fuck me!" squealed Emma, unable to control herself. Her thighs were shaking and she felt herself building up to a newer level of orgasm. Emma could not believe the words that had just come out of her mouth! She had only had one experience with intercourse when she tried it with a friend, and she loved it and now wanted more from the professor but she still felt a little bit inhibited and thought maybe it should end here.

Treadwell lifted his head, "Do you want to be my little slut, Emma? If you're my little slut...you get an A+. Your little pussy was so hot and wet and ready for me. And I think you're ready for more, aren't you my little cunt whore?"

"Ahem...well, Professor Treadwell, sir, I was thinking that maybe we had gotten a little out of hand. Maybe we shouldn't take this any farther. Is that ok?" said Emma timidly, still naked and dripping from her orgasm.

"Of course, Emma, we can play it safe. We can play it your way....OR we can play it my way. Sit up on the couch facing me and spread your legs so that I can look at your wet, silky little pink pussy. I want to watch you succumb to your lust. There you go...oh fuck little girl...you're pussy is making me so hard. My cock is begging for your pouty cunt whore lips to give it a big slippery kiss and suck it until I'm ready to fuck you senseless. Can you do that for me you fucking hot big tittied sexy slut. I can see your juices dripping out of you. Come on over here little girl and suck my cock." His eyes gleamed as he watched a seductive smile cross over her scared expression. 

He knew she wanted him. He had always thought to himself that Emma must be the kind of girl who loved to suck dick really hard and let you titty fuck her until you almost cum and she sucks it down. He could tell that his suspicions were right when he saw her begin to lick her lips.

"Yes Professor, I'll crawl to you like a good little girl slut. I want to take that long, fat and wide cock of yours into my mouth and deep throat you until you cum in my mouth," Emma had made up her mind, her pussy ached and throbbed and she needed to be fucked, hard and SOON.

She lowered her naked frame to the floor and slowly crawled to his lap. She didn't take her eyes from his as she undid his belt and skillfully slid it off. She unbuttoned his pants with her teeth and pull his zipper down while massaging his massive cock through his pants. Her professor was starting to breathe faster and she knew he appreciated what she was doing. She slowly pulled down his pants and boxers and began to softly jerk off his cock while she bathed his balls and inner thighs with her soft lips and tongue. 

Treadwell thought he was going to cum right then and there seeing this gorgeous young girl becoming his subservient sex partner. She began to lick her lips and rub them up and down the length of his member. Her pussy was becoming increasingly wet and she needed to either get him off or get on top of him. Emma decided to continue the blow job for as long as she could stand it before her clit exploded, she deep throated him and her mouth encompassed his balls. She rolled them around on her tongue and squeezed his thighs as she slowly pulled away and began quickly swirling her tongue around his bulbous head. She could sense by his body movement and his moaning that he was close. 

Emma decided to take charge, whether he liked it or not. Her hole was dripping and begging for mercy. She stood up and Treadwell only had one second to begin asking her what she was doing before she had sat on his lap and buried his cock in her pussy. 


He grabbed her by the hips and said, "I don't think I told you to do that, I am the one who is in charge, now turn around with your ass facing me while you're still on my dick."

Emma, frightened a little by the stern voice but also getting hotter by the second, did as her professor commanded. He then shoved his cock quickly as deep inside her as it could go. She thought her pussy would slam into an orgasm right away but then Treadwell began to reach around to her breasts and pinch and squeeze them as he was pumping her cunt with his long fat cock. 

Her breasts were bouncing up and down so hard that it hurt a little but Treadwell, with his hands on her hips, kept forcing her to go faster and harder up and down. Once she got the rhythm Treadwell moved one hand down to her throbbing engorged love bud and began circling it hard and holding his fingers around it and caressing with more and more pressure...with his cock pounding into her and rubbing her g-spot and him torturing her clit with his fingers, Emma's pussy exploded with wave after wave of orgasm. Treadwell kept pumping and fingering her clit harder and harder and harder until Emma thought she would scream with pain but instead 2 more orgasms hit her one after the other. 

Treadwell held her through her orgasm and as she was about to pass out from sheer sexual exhaustion, he forcer her to her knees and pumped his cock until she leaned over and sucked the head of his cock so hard that she sucked his cum right out of it, and licked him clean. 

Emma got dressed and so did Treadwell. 

He walked over to her and slid his hand up her inner thigh and clamped down on her mound, softly at first and then harder, then he shoved her up against the door of his office and slipped a finger in her still seeping hole. Then another, then another and massaged her clit until she begged him not to stop, she rode his hand until she came yet again and he immediately shoved his fingers into her mouth as she was still cumming and made her lick them clean too. 

"4pm tomorrow, Emma. We have more to work on if you're going to pass," said Professor Treadwell.

Emma was still panting lightly as she closed the door behind her.