 Again I am writing as a beginner, I have submitted previously but there has been a long break between writings and my mind set is very different now...please enjoy the passionate and heated (and sometimes romantic) scribblings of a virgin Literotica Author.

Was it the noises she could hear? The birds? The sheep? That dog barking somewhere to the north?

Was it the warmth of the sun on her skin after a wet, windy and cold winter?

Was it wearing a light dress, which felt like next to nothing against her skin after months of heavy jumpers and jeans?

Maybe it was the fact that she knew how she looked, so sexy and sensual in her demure, innocent way.

Something was turning her on as she walked around the perimeter of the fence line.

Her nipples were hardening, she could feel the moisture becoming more apparent on her freshly shaven pussy. The walking movement increasing the sensations three fold with every step she took.

She was surprised and delighted by the speed at which her body was reacting – to what she didn't know.

She could see the neighbours' yard and saw them get into their car. She imagined that they turned their heads and saw her, imagined that they were awe struck by the vision of her – as though her sexual excitement was obvious to all. She imagined they let their gaze cover her whole body, taking in the sheer white material of her summer dress, the tiny g-string showing through and her nipples dark and erect straining against the light fabric. She imagined that she held their gaze for a minute, long enough for them to see the erotic lust in her eyes, and then she turned away from them, walking gracefully and slowly behind the trees out of their sight. She imagined that's when they took off down the driveway to wherever they were going: he with an aching erection and her with a wet pussy and hard nipples – both too embarrassed to tell the other that the vision they had just seen was so incredibly sexy.

Once the car had gone, she allowed herself to feel inwardly those incredible erotic feelings she was having. So easy to be so turned on, she was feeling this way a lot lately, daily If not a number of times a day. Since she had moved here, they had been enjoying each other every moment they could, and it seemed the more it happened the more she wanted.

Like now.

But he wasn't there.

She longed for his touch, her body so filled with sexual tension; she could feel every sensation amplified. The slight cool breeze hardened her nipples more and the feeling was intense. The material of her dress sliding over her thighs as she walked slowly along the fence line felt so sensual, so arousing.

She looked around to find her favourite tree. It was a ghost gum with a strong straight stature, so tall and graceful. The lowest limb was thicker than her body but low enough for her to clamber up on to which she did........

As she swung her leg over the limb to straddle it, her pussy came in contact with the smooth wood and it felt cool against her hot pussy. She closed her eyes as she moved her hips forward to rub herself against it, letting out a small gasp at the increased sensation.

She had straddled the gum limb facing the main stem so that she was angled forward and down to it. She pondered how that would feel, having her bare pussy forcefully rubbing against that strong trunk. 

She didn't care if anyone could see, in actual fact that would have increased her excitement so much more. She undid the few buttons that were fastened on the front of her dress and slipped it off over her head, letting it fall slowly to the ground below. She then managed to pull off her g-string and let that drop as well.

She sat for a moment, moving her hips back and forward so that her pussy rubbed against the firm limb, then she slid down the limb letting the main trunk stop her as she leaned back against the limb.

She lay there, pussy and clit hard against the trunk as her fingers lightly rubbed over her hard nipples. Eyes closed she listened to the noises around her, relaxing into her position in the tree, her nipples so hard against her fingers. Each simultaneous brush of her fingers against her nipples becoming progressively firmer until she stopped to pinch them, her hips grinding her pussy and clit harder against the trunk as her passion increased.

She built herself up to the point where she had to have more stimulation than the trunk could offer her and she lifted her legs so that she could slide her finger inside her pussy, so slippery and hot. As she did she felt the trunk pushing hard against her ass, putting pressure against her opening there and it felt incredible. One finger was not enough in her pussy, she slid another in and then another, while her thumb flicked over her clit. 

Her breathing was hard and she was moaning impatiently for her release. She was so totally inside her own sensations she hadn't heard his car pull in slowly. She hadn't noticed him come back out the house after not finding her inside. She hadn't heard the crunching of leaves and fallen twigs as he walked slowly toward her, amazed at what he was seeing and so turned on by it.

Not until he leaned his head down and took a nipple in his mouth did she know he was there. She gasped as her eyes flew wide open and saw him, his height allowing him access to her on her tree perch. She closed her eyes again and held his head firmly against her breast as he suckled hard on her nipple. She continued her finger fucking until his hand moved in under hers and pushed hers away.

He slid two fingers in to her pussy, moaning when he felt how wet she was, as he continued nibbling and biting her nipple.

She let her hand drop away from her body as she succumbed to his attentions, as sensual and loving as always. 

He kissed his way from her nipple to her clit and then began to suck it, flick it with his tongue and lick. Her breath had become sharp and short. Gasping and moaning, she ran her fingers through his hair, forcing his mouth harder onto her clit. When her moans became more impatient, he undid his pants zipper, dropped his pants and underwear and then lifted her from the tree limb. She wrapped her legs around his hips as he lowered her onto his hard erection and slowly let himself sink into her pussy.

She held tight onto his strong shoulders as he entered her and they both let out a deep groan of ecstasy as his cock filled her to the hilt. He held her hips firmly as he helped her move against him, grinding and then pulling away and back into her hard yet again.

She could feel his cock so hard inside her, so deep and yet she wanted him inside her more, she wanted his entire being inside her. The sensations were so intense, she could feel the incredible strength of an orgasm welling up inside and increased her grinding and bucking to bring it on faster.

He was biting her neck, and kissing her mouth hard, his tongue exploring as though he was tonguing her pussy. She could feel the perspiration slick on his body and was starting to lose her grip around his shoulders. He knew it and he stopped moving his hips, he swung her off his cock and cradled her body as he walked toward the vacant chook yard. She knew what he was thinking; they had just the other day laid out fresh straw in readiness for the new chooks that were being picked up that day.

He carried her into the yard and laid her on the straw. As he kneeled down between her knees she could smell the fresh straw and soil and feel the ends of straw poking into and against her skin. He let his gaze wander over her body, taking in her perfectly shaped breasts, her slim waist, her sweet navel and lastly, her freshly shaven pussy, glistening with her moistness. He leaned down and slipped his tongue deep into her pussy and moaned in delight at her sweet taste as she lifted her hips to greet his mouth, desperate for release.

He flicked his tongue over her clit as he slipped two fingers into her pussy, another into her ass and then began to suck her clit hard and fast – she was moaning as she wriggled her hips, her hands gripping whatever skin hold she could find as her ecstasy increased to unbearable levels. With a final scream her orgasm hit, her leg muscles tightened and her body shuddered as the orgasm coursed through her body but he kept on with the tongue lashing and the fingering as he kept her at this extreme level of sensation until her body collapsed and her muscles relaxed.

As she lay there trying to catch her breath, her heart beating in her mouth and her pussy muscles spasming, he slid his cock into her slowly and as deeply as he could. She gasped as the sensations that had almost subsided peaked instantly to warn her that another orgasm was only seconds away.

He had waited long enough, his cock was straining for release and all he wanted was to fuck her hard. So he did. Slamming his body against hers, his balls banging hard against her, his hands holding hers hard against the straw behind her as his need took him over and he tried to get as deep inside her as quickly as he could.

His grunts and moans were matched with her cries and gasps as her orgasm rose again and hit hard just as his cock spasmed inside her and they both fucked hard against each other as long as the sensation of cumming lasted.

When he finally came to a halt he collapsed on top of her, and they lay there for awhile gasping waiting for their bodies to calm down enough to talk.

Once he had his breath back he asked her with a quizzical look, "What was it? What made you decide to come outside and get off on that tree?"

She laid there a moment, thinking, and then she turned to him, smiled and kissed him gently. "I guess we'll never know – let's go pick up the chooks".