 "What the FUCK was I thinking?" I think wildly, looking at the phone in my hand.

We've been chatting for months now. Co-workers and that's all. Lately however, the discussions have been more in depth, racier, a definite sexy edge to them. And tonight, far from home, we've definitely been dancing along the edge of our self-imposed boundaries. Teasing, joking, actually laughing out loud but separated by several rooms in this hotel. And then I did it.

--Having a glass of wine. You should come over.--

"Fuck!"

Out loud this time. In my quiet room it's shockingly loud and it spurs me to action. Off goes the sweatshirt I've been lounging in. No time to put a bra back on but on goes a clean t-shirt. No time to put jeans back on, these sweat pants will have to do. A quick spin to make sure things are more or less cleaned up... good...

And then a knock at the door. Not a loud one...just a light tapping of knuckles. My stomach does a flip flop. "Not too late. I can swing the door open, say I was teasing and wish him good night in person for once." I'm thinking this as I walk toward the door. I know I'm going to open it. And I know nothing will happen when I do. He's too much of a gentleman, too reserved in person to initiate what I think we both want.

I double check the peephole. Of course, it's him, looking directly at the peephole and at me. Time for one last breath before unlocking the door and swinging it open.

I'm smiling as I do, looking up at him.

He's not smiling back. He has an intense look in his eyes, his mouth (mm, such full lips) is a line. It makes me pause, door mostly open. He's never like this... always smiling, always joking, always looking for the next funny thing to say. He makes me smile like I haven't smiled in years. But not now. Could something be wrong?

"What's up?" I start to say when he moves, so quickly for a big man. One minute we're staring at each other through a doorway, the next he's in my room, hands up and around the back of my head, through my hair and his mouth, that unsmiling mouth, is kissing me! And no gentle 1st time kiss, either... a hard, full on kiss, almost bruising my mouth with its hunger.

I freeze. Yeah, I've thought of this. Those kind of fantasies you know will never happen but this... this is so real. And it's such a good kiss. Mouth moving, a hint of tongue wetting both out lips, hands busy in my hair, pulling me closer. And his body... I can feel his chest against mine, pressing into my breasts. Oh Lord, what a kiss!

And then I'm kissing back. Fiercely, just as much as he is. My hands move of their own accord, sliding under his shirt to feel his back. Fuck indecision, fuck never gonna happen... fuck YEAH!

The moment he feels my hands, his hands move too. Well, one does. One stays behind my head, pulling me against his mouth. The other, it goes sliding down the side of my face, caressing as it goes, down my collar bone, palming my left breast. My nipple rubs on the material of my shirt as he handles me... a big hand, completely enveloping my breast. My breath catches at the sensation as a jolt of electricity shoots through me, right to my stomach. He thumbs my nipple, pulling it just enough to hurt so good. Then his hand is moving again, sliding under my shirt.

And the kiss goes on. His tongue slides into my mouth and mine into his. He tastes of mint (good boy, brush those teeth) and his tongue is aggressive against mine. Our lips are busy too, kissing, nibbling, nipping, heads moving from side to side...holy shit, where did he learn to kiss like this?

I feel the bed against the back of my legs before I ever realized we'd been moving. I want to fall back on it, drag him with me, feel his weight on me and bulge of his cock against my pussy mound. But apparently, he has other plans.

He pulls away from the kiss and looks deep into my eyes. Without breaking eye contact he peels my shirt off. My nipples, already hard, tighten up even more as the temperature of the room and heat of his eyes fall on them. I should be self-conscious. I should cover myself. But all I want is that touch to start again and so much more. He raises his arms and I copy him, shirt up and off. His chest is surprisingly lacking in hair...not smooth, but not a man-ape like some. And when he pushes against me, our chests touching skin to skin for the first time, it feels like he's burning me with his body heat.

With a bump, he pushes me back onto the bed and follows me down, hungry to start the kiss again. Our chests are pressed hard together. Not his full weight but enough for me to feel covered and controlled. And yes, there's that hardness I've been wanting, pushed up against me. He moves his chest against mine as our kiss deepens again, rubs the bulge of his cock teasingly against me. So hard...

The kiss changes. He nibbles at my jaw, my neck, suckles my collar bone. I know where's he's going and I can't wait. My hands slide into his hair, pushing him lower. The moment his mouth closes on my nipple, I jolt. There's tongue. There are lips. There is a hint of teeth. There's pressure as he uses all of them on that one little spot. I moan encouragement. His hand closes on my other breast, a different sensation and one that builds my already racing emotions.

Back and forth he drags his mouth, ravaging my tits with hands and mouth. I'm losing myself to the sensations and loving every single second of it.

And then he starts to go lower. My belly lurches as his tongue drags down across it, flinching at each kiss of his lips. His hands slide down to my hops ever so softly, almost tickling and definitely teasing. When he reaches the waistband of my sweats, his fingers hook into them and being to pull them down. I lift my hips to help... I want that mouth and that tongue on my pussy NOW. But of course, now he wants to go slow, peeling them slowly, making the reveal go on and on... dammit!

"Faster!" I pant...it's all I can think to say. I actually feel him smile against my belly. And for once, the listens. All of a sudden my sweat pants are gone and I can spread my legs wide for him. My eyes are closed but I hear his sharp intake of breath, feel the heat of it when he exhales on my pussy. He must be so close...

The heat and the wetness of his tongue as he slides it from the bottom of my slit all the way to the top, lightly flicking against my clit, makes my hips buck.

"Mmmmm..." his voice rumbles and I feel it against my skin even as I'm hearing it. My hands find his hair again, pulling him against me. And he feasts. Licking me, kissing me, sucking on me, tickling my ass with his tongue, sucking my clit into his mouth...it goes on and on, building and building. And then a thick finger slides into me and I gasp. Slowly at first, then faster as I buck against it. Then another finger as he focuses on my clit, sucking on it hard. I'm going to cum and CUM HARD...

I can't help crying out. He saws his fingers in and out of my pussy the whole time and sucks hard on my clit, driving me wild. The pleasure is almost pain and I love it. My hips jerk hard and my hands lock into his hair, pulling hard.

He begins to slow down as I do, giving me a chance to catch my breath. I open my eyes, watching him as he stands, looking at me, drinking me in. A small smile is on his lips which glisten with my juices. When he meets my eyes, he holds them as his hands drop to his belt. I watch as it comes undone, as he pushes his jeans over his hips. His cock catches on the elastic of his underwear briefly, hiding it from my view...and then it pops free, slapping his belly.

He's hard. It's thrusting straight up. The first thing I think is, "Thick". It's not the longest penis I've ever seen but it's so thick... as thick as my wrist easily. I lick my lips looking at it. I want it.

I flip onto all fours, my face towards him. He's been in the driver's seat so far but now it's my turn. Keeping my eyes on him, I lean forward and stick out the tip of my tongue, touching it to the head of his cock. The salty taste is so good. His cock bobs when I do, all on its own. Opening my mouth, I take the head in, tonguing all over it and sucking gently. My hand slides up on his thigh (hmm, hairier than his chest) up to his balls (shaved smooth...that's different) and I gently play with them.

His mouth is open, drinking in the sight of me. I wiggle my ass, giving him more to look at...he's not the only one who can tease. I bob my head on his cock, my mouth having to open very wide to take him in. His hips move slightly in and out, helping me take him. I proceed to give him the most sensual blow job I can imagine. Slow. Eyes locked. Alternating between sliding my hand up and down his cock and playing with his balls.

"I'm going to cum if you keep that up." it's the first time he's spoken since he entered the room.

I pull off his cock briefly. "Would that be so bad?" I ask, smiling then once more sucking him into my mouth.

"No...but I'm not done with you yet."

He lifts me off his cock, pulling me up onto my knees and we kiss again. So hard. So well. Fuuuck. Then, with some gentle pressure, I'm on my back again, legs spread and waiting, wanting to feel that thick dick touch my open and waiting pussy.

And there it is. A nudge at first, maybe half an inch going into me. I'm sure he's going to drive it straight in. But once again, he has to tease, to do the unexpected. He lifts his hips a little and lays the length of himself along my slit. I'm so wet he can slide up and down on me, putting so much pressure on my already sensitive clit. Goddamit he's such a tease!

Reaching down, I grab a hold of him and show him where I want his cock... in me, and right now! He takes the hint and pushes into me. Not slow, not fast, just right so I can feel every single inch as it stretches into me. Bottoming out so his pubic bone crushes my clit again. I can feel mini orgasms tingling as I lock my legs behind his ass and pull him, urging him to fuck me like I want to be fucked. Hard and now!

The bed is rocking and shaking as we fuck each other. We're both panting now, both sweating, both almost mindless in our passion. Suddenly, he lifts up, grabs my hips, and pulls, then lifts my legs over his shoulders. Now he's incredibly deep inside me and his hands are free to grab my tits again. More rocking than pumping but so deep and his hands mauling my breasts are just what I need. I feel another orgasm, a good pussy pounding orgasm, start. I tense up on him, trying to push more of his cock into me. I know he can feel my pussy pulsing on his cock... how he hasn't cum yet I don't know but I know I am!

He lets my legs down and pulls out, flopping on my side so he can start tonguing my breasts again. He sure seems to have a thing for them. I'm not done though. Still slightly out of breath but I want more. I shove him onto his back, climb over him, grab that cock again and push myself down on him. This time I want to drive, to see him lose control. So I ride him slow, rocking my hips. Sometimes up and down, sometimes more back. And I play with my tits that he loves so much, teasing myself almost as much as I tease him. When he tries to join in I let him... his hands on my chest, mine dropping onto his.

I can tell he's close. I know he's fighting it. I lean forward and nibble his earlobe, still rocking that cock into my pussy.

"Cum for me," I whisper, sliding a tongue into his ear.

And he does. I feel his thick cock get even thicker in me as he cums. He lifts me off the bed with each thrust of his hips. Thank God I'm on the pill because me must have shot a gallon into me. When he finally subsides, I lay across him, his cock still in me, softening a little but still a hard, full presence in my pussy.

When I finally lift my head we kiss again, softly this time. He looks me in the eyes with a crooked smile on his face.

"So, you said something about wine?" he asks softly.

Smartass...