 What follows may or may not be true ;o)

I knew it was going to be eventful going on holiday with Chloe, Nikki and Paul. I had known them for about three years, we all having been in the same Hall of Residence at University. In the later stages of Uni I shared a house with Paul and we met up with the girls for the regular drinking sessions that characterise the student lifestyle. I had quite a thing for Nikki, but believing her out of my range I never managed to summon the courage to ask her out. Eventually Paul asked her out and their relationship lasted for the last two years of Uni. Chloe and I were close, but despite a drunken make-out session in the first week we considered each other friends rather than partners.

So it came to pass that in the summer after our final year we decided to all go on holiday together, before the inevitable losing touch that occurs after graduation as people get on with their lives. Being students we decided on the cheap option, a grubby B&B at a rainy English seaside resort, instead of the mad-for-it Ibiza getaway that is most associated with our generation. I knew it would be eventful because Paul was very protective of Nikki and the beach, pubs and clubs would give plenty of opportunity for "Are you looking at my girlfriend?"

We arrived at the B&B after an ok trip and dumped our bags in respective rooms. Despite the relationship we somehow got split into boys and girls sharing twin rooms at the opposite ends of the corridor. With Paul bitching incessantly we unpacked, got changed and went to repeatedly kick the girls door until they appeared.

After the usual walk along the beach and dinner in a restaurant we moved on to a pub and then a club guzzling our various drinks like they were water. We'd been at the club for about an hour when I noticed that everyone was just as drunk as me, which was very, very, VERY drunk. I recall a dancing on the table incident, but suffice to say I fell off and melded into the crowd before the bouncers could reach me. It was when I was sitting watching Chloe and Nikki swaying and giggling uncontrollably that I saw Paul down a pint glass that contained at least four kinds of spirits. He got some money from the guy next to him (Paul never could resist a bet), turned towards us and fell flat on his face, unconscious.

We staggered back to the B&B, carrying the barely conscious Paul between us and dumped him into our room. I was about to wish the girls goodnight when Nikki said, "I'm not ready for bed, why don't you come back to our room and we'll play some poker like the old days?" Remembering our late night games in Halls I shut the door on the recumberent Paul and followed the two ripe asses down the corridor.

Chloe and I sat on the floor between the two beds and Nikki perched on the edge of her bed as we proceeded to play five-card stud for the next hour and a half. Nikki gradually became more and more flushed, squirming on the edge of her bed until I remembered that her and Paul used to play poker before having sex, with the winner being dominant for the night. Eventually she threw her cards down and laid back saying,

"It's no good, I'm too horny to concentrate. Damn that idiot boyfriend of mine for getting paralytic when I need a good, hard fuck".

My cock stirred at her words, but I reminded it that Nikki's pussy wanted Paul's cock, not mine. Chloe and I played on for a few minutes until the unthinkable happened. Nikki lifted her legs up into the air, which meant they came within inches of my face, looped her thumbs into her waistband and slowly pulled her panties down her legs. I caught sight of a hot and very wet pussy being revealed. As the panties were navigating her ankles I looked over at Chloe who appeared to be as shocked and transfixed as I was.

Nikki's voice was deep and needy "It's no good, I need to cum, I need a cock. Somebody put something into me, John get that boner inside me now!"

Even in my drunken state I knew the worst thing I could do now would be to jump up and drive my aching cock into her as she suggested. Instead I knelt at the foot of her bed, lifted her skirt and drove my tongue into her hungry cunt. Nikki let out a small cry, her hands moving to those voluptuous breasts that had captivated me for so long as her sleek and long legs moved onto my shoulders. I gave her a few long, slow licks along her pussy lips before I latched onto and began sucking her clit. 

I looked up and caught Nikki's eye through the fuzz of her brown bush that matched her hair exactly and the mountains that were her tits. She moaned softly and grunted her approval as I traced figure of eights on her clit while pushing two fingers as deep into her as I could. I was so engrossed by my finger fucking and clit sucking duties that I was startled when the bed shifted under another person's weight.

I looked up to see a naked Chloe kneeling beside Nikki and guiding Nikki's mouth onto one of her tits. Chloe's left nipple disappeared into Nikki's mouth and the right got the attention of Nikki's right hand. Chloe shut her eyes and groaned in pleasure, but it was nothing compared to the gasp of surprise and relief she uttered when Nikki's left hand found her pussy.

I watched Chloe's juices run down two of Nikki's fingers as she gently pushed them into her friend's sopping cunt. When they were fully in, Nikki's thumb darted out and flicked Chloe's clit, bring forth a strangled cry from the nubile blonde. Witnessing this I knew I could not restrain myself any longer.

I stood up and was kicking my jeans and boxers off a second later. I got on top of Nikki, who had laid back to concentrate on her hand and Chloe's pussy. Feeling my cock just outside her cunt she looked up and caught my eye.

With a single push I drove my entire length into her, bringing forth a shout of surprise, pleasure and pain in equal measures from her lips. I almost came on entry so I laid there for a couple of minutes, cock throbbing deep inside the pussy I had been imagining for the last three years. 

I reached up and pulled down the top of the dress that Nikki was still wearing, freeing her luscious tits. I clamped my mouth onto her breast as I tried to regain my composure. By now there was a continuous conversation of groans, gasps, murmurs and shouts from the two women and my tongue on her breast brought a more desperate edge to Nikki's voice.

I got up on my arms and stared into her eyes as I slowly withdrew and then slammed my cock back deep into her hot and greedy cunt, starting to find a rhythm to fuck Paul's girlfriend. Nikki pulled her hand from Chloe's cunt and thrust it into my mouth. I licked Chloe's juices (slightly sweeter than Nikki's) from Nikki's fingers as I repeatedly thrust into the centre of her being. 

Chloe moved up and laid down on the bed above Nikki, who was half on, half off it and slowly licked her finger. She rolled it around her nipple before dragging it down her body and pushing it into her navel. After checking that I was still staring at her Chloe spread her pussy lips in front of me and very slowly pushed her moist finger into her even moister cunt. I watched her until Nikki's legs locking around my hips meant that I had to turn my attention to her. 

I brought my head down to Nikki's head and we kissed for the first time. Well I say kiss but it was more like me trying not to gag as Nikki forcefully rammed her tongue as far into my mouth as she could. Her thighs were squeezing my hips as far into her as possible and I could feel her fingernails raking my back. I broke our kiss as I felt and heard her nails rip my shirt, but in a flash her hands were on my head, holding me so close that our noses touched.

"Cum ... in ... me" she breathed, "I ... want ... your ... seed"

I looked up to see Chloe gripping the headboard in one hand, arching her back off the bed as the three fingers working her cunt brought her to a shattering orgasm. I could not hold it back anymore. I closed my eyes, gritted my teeth and rammed my cock as far into Nikki as I possibly could, cum shooting out of it as I did so.

Nikki let out a scream and came as my semen squirted deep into her womb. I fell on top her, both crying out as her sopping pussy walls milked my cock for every last drop of my seed as they could. We must have laid there, all three of us, for the next ten minutes, quietly gasping and groaning with the pleasure we had brought one another. Eventually I kissed Nikki as I withdrew my spent and wilting cock from the depths of her pussy.

"Thank you" she breathed at me, "I've been wanting that since Halls". I rolled over and laid beside her on my back and asked "Well why didn't you tell me?" When no answer came I looked over to see Nikki, eyes closed and breathing softly, clearly sleeping the sleep of the well shagged.

I closed my eyes for a couple of minutes and tried to make sense of what had happened in my drunken brain. I was just thinking of Nikki's cunt when it seemed to engulf my cock again. I thought I must be dreaming of it, but when I opened my eyes I saw Chloe's blonde hair on my stomach as my semi-erect cock disappeared into her mouth.

Her head bobbed up and down countless times as she landed small bites, wrapped her tongue around the head and deep throated my cock. Within a couple of minutes I had grown to a raging erection in her mouth. She got up and straddled me, the blonde triangle of her bush tickling my cock as she slowly stroked it next to her.

"So you were going to give it all to Nikki" Chloe's blue eyes blazed as her soft voice intoned these words to me, "Well haven't I been more of a friend to you than her?"

Without waiting for a reply Chloe reared herself up and slowly impaled her quivering pussy with my diamond-cutter of an erection. A long, slow moan escaped her lips as I watched her slide down and take my entire length into her. As she began to ride me I thought what a fool I must have been not to see what a beautiful, vivacious woman I had for a friend.

Chloe increased her pace, bouncing up and down on my cock until the bedsprings screamed in protest. She fell forward onto all fours, but kept the pace up, gasping "Tell ... me ... when". I plunged my tongue into her mouth and our tongues entwined as forcefully as out bodies. 

After a few minutes I could take no more and blurted "Now Chloe, NOW!" Pushing herself back onto her knees she lifted herself off my aching cock as I began to blow my load into her. She was quickly squatting on my thighs, with my exploding member in hand, pressed up against her stomach.

My cum spurted out of my cock, coating her stomach, bush and pussy lips as well as falling back onto me. She was furiously pumping my cock as I came, adding that burning feeling of excess to the pleasures of my orgasm. Chloe was clearly orgasming too, her cries reverberating around the room as her juices flowed from her pussy and onto my balls. Eventually we both finished cumming and she crashed onto the bed next to me, though I dare say I was asleep before she settled beside me.

I awoke in the early morning to light streaming through the heavy curtains and a jackhammer in my brain. This was going to be one hell of a hangover. The events of last night slowly replayed themselves and I opened my eyes to see if I had dreamt the entire episode in a drunken stupor. I saw Nikki sleeping with the smile of the content next to me, her breasts and pussy exposed by her rucked up dress.

A tell tale white stain of dried love juices on her pussy lips and the bottom of her bush confirmed that I had spilled my load inside her last night. So I had fucked the girlfriend of one of my best mates. I rolled my head to the other side and saw Chloe, naked and also asleep. My dried cum covered her entire pubic region, telling that I was not imagining the wild scenes last night. So I had fucked one of my best friends too.

I wondered what the repercussions of this carnal night would be, but both girls were sleeping the light and content sleep of the satisfied. I realised that I too felt satisfied and happy, despite my terrible hangover. I knew this holiday was going to be eventful, but this is not what I had expected. I closed my eyes to sleep, awaiting the new day and all it would bring ...

******

Please let me know what you think. If the feedback is good I'll tell you what went on during the rest of the holiday...