 Author's note: This story continues right where the last one left off with Sasha's daughter having nearly interrupted her & Ted's playtime...

As usual, constructive feedback is always appreciated.

***

Sasha hurried to the bathroom to adjust her clothing and make sure she had regained her composure. She realized that her underwear and pants were soaked, but she had to go past Alysha to get to her bedroom and fix that.

Once she was confident she could get there - hopefully without arousing suspicion - she opened the door and made her way through the living room where her daughter was finishing removing her shoes.

Despite Sasha's best efforts, Alysha saw right through it.

"Mom, are you ok?"

"Um, uh... Yes, why?" she answered. 'That was smooth' she thought. 'You sound like HER trying to cover something up.'

"You look, uh, flustered... and..." she paused, obviously uncomfortable at going on. "... I hate to say this, but it reeks of pussy in here. I'd ask what you were doing, but..."

Sasha turned beet red, her eyes widened, and her mouth dropped in shock.

Alysha continued. "I hate to say it, Mom, but you need a guy. Toys obviously just aren't cutting it anymore."

"Ugh!" Sasha scoffed. "Young lady, that is not how you talk to your mother!"

"Mom, it's obvious! I can hear you at night, and it's worse now that your class is stressing you out. As far as I know, you haven't had a boyfriend in over two years and I know you don't do "fu-". She at least had the presence of mind to stop there and not really make her mom mad. "I mean, you don't do "bed buddy" deals."

Sasha was outraged. "My sex life is none of your business!"

"But it is, Mom! When I can hear you and the whole house smells like this, it is!"

She was speechless. "None of your business!" she repeated.

"Fine, none of my business," Alysha said, putting up her hands and slowly shaking her head. "I'll just be sure to keep my door shut at night, please do the same with yours, and I hope that I never walk in on you."

Sasha sighed out through her nose in frustration... but only because her daughter was right.

"I'll see what I can do."

***

The hot water felt good on her skin. Sasha was still angry, but mostly at herself. She regretted being mad at her daughter, who had some very valid points.

'What would she think if she knew you were playing around with someone barely older than her? It would be like one of her friends!' her mind said.

"Like I said, none of her business," she answered. "Hopefully she will never have to understand my situation, but she very well could."

With that, she put the topic out of her mind and focused on the feel of the warm water as she lathered up her body. She closed her eyes and let the stress melt away as she ran the washcloth over her skin.

Without even realizing it, her mind soon had Ted there in the shower with her. She moaned softly and absent-mindedly set the cloth down, then ran her hands over her slippery, sud-covered skin as if they belonged to a certain someone standing behind her, their bodies pressed together. Her head tilted to one side, she imagined kisses on her neck as hands played over her body... squeezing her breasts and tweaking her nipples before caressing down her sides and stomach to tease her down below.

One hand on her breast and the other between her legs, Sasha moaned a little louder this time. 'Maybe the sound of the shower will cover me up...' she thought. 'If not, too bad! She'll just have to deal with it.'

***

With the awkward conversation behind them (later it would become known as the first of the "Perfume Incidents", an inside joke between the two of them), life more or less returned to normal.

***

"I still can't believe you ended up with a higher score than me," Ted said over the phone.

"It was a half of a point!" she replied, taking another sip from her wine glass and supposedly watching the TV. "Guess I had a pretty good teacher, huh?"

Ted sighed. "Uh, huh. I told you that you were smarter than you thought. All I know is, that's one semester I am more than happy to put behind me."

"That makes two of us. I'm already two glasses in to a bottle of wine in celebration."

Ted chuckled. "Good for you. Soon as my dinner's done, I'm going to knock back a couple cold ones myself."

Sasha smiled. "I really wish you were here to celebrate with me... I bet it would be fun to get you drunk and take advantage of you," she said, making her voice as sultry as possible.

"I doubt you'd have to try very hard."

"I like the sound of that," she replied, licking her lips as she looked across the living room to where her daughter sat working on homework. "So..." she continued, lowering her voice to a whisper. "Anything special in mind for when I camera fuck you tonight?"

"Ooohhh, two nights in a row? This is my lucky day!"

She took another sip. "I thought it was an occasion worth celebrating... and I do have a surprise for you."

"Oh, really? Do tell."

She looked over at Alysha again, who was still thankfully oblivious to the details of their conversation. "Well..." she began as a wave a warmth spread out and upward from her already tingling pussy. 'I'm getting horny just thinking about it!'

"Yes...?" Ted inquired.

"I, uh... bought some new underwear I thought you might like to see me in."

Ted chuckled again. "If I know you, they won't stay on long."

Sasha blushed. "True... I can't help it you bring out my urge to be naked."

"Well, it is a good look for you."

"Hush, you!" she mock-scolded him. "Speaking of... I, um, got brave and did some... uh... shall we say... 'landscaping'... today."

She could feel the heat radiating from her face now. 'Please, Alysha, don't look over here now!'

"Now that I can't wait to see!"

"I'm looking forward to seeing what you think of it," she said, her voice husky with desire.

***

Another glass of wine later, Alysha's voice startled Sasha from her thoughts of Ted. "Am I going to hear you all the way over at Angela's house tonight?"

Sasha quickly shook her head, confused. "What?"

"I said, am I going to hear you all the way over at Angela's tonight?"

She just stared back, unable to think of a reply, and feeling the blush rising in her cheeks again.

Alysha laughed. "I heard something about 'landscaping' -- I know you don't do any gardening -- and you're sitting over there rubbing your legs together like you want something between them."

"None of your business, dear," Sasha replied, wagging her finger with as much seriousness as she could muster.

Her daughter laughed again. "So, who's this guy that's got you all hot and bothered?"

"A friend." She blushed even harder.

"Oh, just a 'friend'? Is he coming over? I assume that's why you perked up when I mentioned I was going to spend the night at Angela's."

'Am I that obvious? You'd think I'M the one who's 16!' she thought, shaking her head.

"Don't take this wrong, Mom, but I'm thinking he must be quite the friend if you're getting that personal with him..." She paused a second, a thoughtful look on her face. "It is a guy, isn't it?" she teased.

"Alysha!" she gasped, her mouth open in fake outrage as her daughter doubled over in laughter. "Why, you little...!" she said, playfully throwing a couch cushion at her.

***

Ted waited on the bed, already naked, and slowly stroking his throbbing cock as he glanced over at the clock on his dresser. 'That kid's sure taking her sweet time getting out of the house. Sasha said she was getting ready almost twenty minutes ago!'

His mind wandered briefly to the information he had received earlier, then back to visions of Sasha, until the ringing of his phone startled him back to reality. He didn't even have time to speak before her smoky voice filled his ears.

"She's finally gone," she began, and he could hear her deep, heavy breathing. "You're going to have to wait on the undies, though, 'cause I want you now! I'm headed to the bedroom to start up my camera."

"I think I have some news you might like to hear first."

"What's that?"

I got invited to a friend's wedding in a couple months... and it's about twenty minutes from where you are."

Everything went dead silent on the other end.

"Really?" came her breathless, and almost incredulous, reply.

"Uh, huh. Weekend of the 15th. I was thinking, if you wanted to, I could, uh..."

"Stay here instead of a hotel! Yes!" She almost shouted with excitement.

"I was thinking come by and actually meet you... I know you have a daughter and all. Didn't know that you'd want a stranger hanging around and everything..."

"Pffft. I'm not worried about that. You're more than welcome to stay here, and we do have an extra room."

"Okay... I guess we can talk more as it gets closer."

"Right... Wow... this is exciting!" she exclaimed. Then, with a sly grin that Ted could hear through the phone, "So... back to business?"

***

Sasha looked at her watch for the probably fiftieth time, arms crossed over her chest, bouncing nervously on the balls of her feet.

"Stop that!" she mouthed to herself with a sigh, willing herself once more to hold still. "Why are you so nervous?"

Anxiously, she kept an eye on the stairway coming from the airport terminal. 'Will I even recognize him?' she wondered as travelers began to file down the stairs.

Despite her concern, it turned out to be no issue. She felt her stomach flutter with excitement, as he rounded the corner at the top as there was no mistaking his sandy-brown hair and athletic good looks. He was dressed simply, in blue jeans and a tan collared shirt, with a small black travel bag slung over his shoulder.

Ted quickly saw her as well, a smile spreading on his nervous face and his eyes lighting up as he gave a quick wave down to her.

"So nice to finally meet you!" she exclaimed as he reached the bottom of the stairs. Ted didn't have a chance to reply before she took him in a firm hug.

"Glad to see you too." As good as it felt with her body pressed against him with his arms around her, he shifted a little, uncomfortably, and hoped she didn't notice his rising erection pressing against her leg.

"You look even better in person..." she complimented, stepping back and eyeing him up and down. 'Stop it, you dirty old lady!' she thought to herself once she realized what she was doing, blushing and nervously twirling a lock of her hair.

"You as well," Ted replied, taking the opportunity to briefly look her over. Even dressed conservatively in a semi-tight pair of black pants and a loose, flowing blue shirt of a silk-like material, it was still obvious she had quite a figure underneath. 'Damn!' he thought. 'How did I get lucky enough for a woman like this to take an interest in ME?'

Sasha blushed deeper at his response and admiring gaze. 'At least with what you felt... growing... a minute ago, you knows he's being honest...'

"Well, for all your help during class, I figure I owe you lunch at the very least."

"Sounds great, I'm starving," he replied as they started towards the baggage claim. "What's good around here?"

***

After lunch and a few sights, they headed to Sasha's house.

"... and I still can't believe I offered you alcohol when you weren't even 21 yet. You just seem so much... older, wiser, I guess."

Ted chuckled. "Glad you see me that way, I feel like a bumbling idiot most days. My birthday was last week, though, so it's not an issue now."

"Really? When was it?"

"Thursday."

"Oh, wow. Alysha's was Monday."

"Well, how about that."

"And you didn't tell me!" She lowered her voice to a conspiratorial whisper. "We could have had birthday sex!"

'Maybe we still can,' he almost uttered. 'Easy, now...' he thought. 'Don't go to far.'

About that time, Sasha pulled in to the driveway and saved him from having to think of what to say.

"Very nice," observed Ted. "Bit smaller than I was expecting, though."

"Why's that?"

"With your position at the bank, I just figured it'd be a little bigger place."

Sasha smiled. "We used to, but with just us two it was a bit much. Speaking of..." She bit her lip, noticing her daughter's car still in the driveway and thinking of how to proceed.

"As far as Alysha knows... she knows I took that class with you, I've told her how much you helped me, and she knows you're staying here for a wedding. She doesn't know about our... other... activities..."

Ted nodded, and began to reply but Sasha cut him off. "Well, she doesn't know it's you... um... I just don't know how she would react..."

He placed a comforting hand on her shoulder. "I can see where that might look... off... But, I have no issues, complaints, or problems whatsoever with what we've done," -- 'And I hope to continue,' he thought - "and I will do everything I can to keep it our little secret."

Sasha reached up and squeezed his hand. "Thank you."

***

"Very nice, indeed," Ted said as he surveyed the living room. The sound of footsteps caught his attention as Alysha came down the hallway, putting in an earring.

"I thought I heard you come in -- " She stopped when her eyes fell upon their visitor. "Hi..." she said, a smile spreading across her face.

Although Alysha shared her mother's hair and facial features, she had inherited her father's height and wasn't quite as tall. She also had more of her father's build and wasn't quite as slender, but still well enough for most males her age.

'Bet she drives them high school boys wild...' thought Ted.

"Alysha, this is my classmate Ted. Ted, my daughter Alysha."

"Pleased to meet you," Ted said, setting down his bag and offering his hand in what he hoped was the proper and gentlemanly manner.

"Me, too," Alysha replied, blushing and suddenly at a loss for words. "When Mom said you were a classmate, I thought you'd be... older."

Ted chuckled and nervously looked at his shoes for a second. "Not quite," he replied, unsure of what else to say.

Sasha smiled at the two of them. "The guest room is down the hall on the right, and the bathroom is the door past that, if you'd like to get settled in right quick. Any preference on what I start for dinner?"

"Whatever you feel like making," replied Ted, picking up his bag.

'He's HOT!' mouthed Alysha to her mother after Ted left. 'Can he stay in my room?" she joked, pointing down the hall.

"No," Sasha laughed, shaking her head. "He's too old for you!"

"Well, he's a whole lot closer to my age than yours. Besides you already have a boyfriend."

"You're not 18 yet! Besides, aren't you spending the weekend with your friends?"

"I'm allowed to change my plans," she teased, then shook her head. "Anyway, Becca said we might go to the water park tomorrow. Is that ok?"

"Yes, that's fine."

***

"You really didn't have to help with dishes, you're my guest!" Sasha exclaimed, and not for the first time.

"I didn't want to sit around and be a mooch... besides, I don't mind spending time around you."

She blushed and shook her head. "I still don't know what you see in me..."

"You're smart, nice... good sense of humor... beautiful... very attractive, even... who wouldn't want that in a friend?"

"I'm pretty sure 'friends' don't get naked on camera and do the things we have."

"Okay, friends plus... awesome benefits."

Sasha laughed. "If you say so."

'He really likes you...' she thought. 'Your body, too. It IS kind of sweet how he only checks me out when he thinks I'm not looking...'

"Well, I'm going to take a shower," she began. Her lips took shape to say a word that began with "W", but she quickly changed her mind and briefly sucked them inward, blushing.

"Would you like to pick out a movie to watch? Maybe relax on the couch tonight?" she continued, nervously running her fingers through her hair.

'You wanted to ask him to take a shower with you! Why didn't you? All that you've done on camera, why is it so hard to ask him to get naked with you in person?'

"That sounds good," he replied. "It has been a bit of a long day.... How about a comedy?"

"Sure," she replied, then turned towards her bedroom.

'She was going to ask you to join her!' Ted thought as he looked through Sasha's movie collection, his cock stiffening at the thought. 'She didn't, though... should I have taken the lead and asked if she wanted me to?'

"Huh... haven't seen this one," he said, pulling one out.

Putting the disc in and sitting on the couch, his listened to the sound of water falling in the shower and his mind was immediately filled with visions of Sasha.

'You DO realize she's NAKED in there, right?' his mind asked. 'Naked, covered in suds... her hands all over that hot body... want it to be YOUR hands?'

"Hell, yeah!" he muttered. Without quite realizing what he was doing, and before he could stop himself, Ted stood and walked to the bathroom door.

Almost of its own will, his hand was on the knob and began turning it. The door was unlocked, the sound of the shower loud in his ears... perhaps even faint moans coming from the other side as well...

"WHAT are you doing?" he whispered with a startle, releasing the knob and taking a step back. He swallowed hard, his mouth suddenly dry and his heart thumping in his chest.

'Go in there... at least ask!' his mind coaxed. 'She's practically been begging you...'

"Yeah, she has..." he whispered, his hand grasping the knob again, then quickly let go as if it was hot. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath. "Don't, dude. Don't freak her out," he said to himself.

"If she wants to take this farther, let her start it. Don't misread something here and screw this up."

With a sigh (and throbbing hard-on), he returned to the couch and made himself as comfortable as he could in his present state; flipping through channels as he waited.

***

'Come on, let it 'accidentally' come open and give him a peek!' her mind encouraged as she belted her thick bathrobe around herself. Sasha blushed nearly as red as the garment, giving it a quick consideration. '... or just wear a towel and have it... accidentally... fall off...'

Before she could take up either enticing offer, she willed herselfto leave the bathroom. "Be there in a minute," she called as she went down the short hallway to her room.

Shutting the door behind her, she gave a deep sigh through pursed lips and considered what to wear. Tossing the robe on her bed, she went to the dresser, the air cool and refreshing on her naked skin. "Bathrobe would be comfy... but I better wear something underneath, keep me out of trouble," she said as she eyed several pairs of pajamas.

'Do you REALLY want to stay out of trouble?' her mind asked.

"No..." she whispered, her eyes turning to her closet as a blush rose to her cheeks.

Opening the door, she quickly pulled out a thin, sky-blue, silk teddy with matching lace panties.

'These are going to be soaked right away...' she thought as she pulled the underwear up her legs. 'Can't believe I got off TWICE in the shower and I'm still horny as hell!'

After putting on the top, she looked at herself in the mirror. It barely fell to mid-thigh, leaving her long, lean legs on full display. Her breasts filled the lacy bust, with enough cleavage showing to drive any man wild. To emphasize the point, her erect nipples showed prominently through the thin fabric.
