 Hey sweetie,

I'm not going to finish that story tonight. As I have been writing it, thoughts of you and I in a similar night of passion such as I'm writing about start dancing all over my mind and of course causes a familiar ache to stir under my pants. I strip myself down to nothing quickly, partially to easy the pain of my growing cock being restrained in my briefs and partially to cool myself off from getting hotter from thoughts of you. 

I try to resume my writing but with my nakedness and my cock twitching at the thought of your loving touch, I can't help but start to fondle and cup myself. The heat radiating from below my belt is getting to be more intense and stronger than any other part of my body. 

I swing my chair in front of a fan that is blowing to the left of me and part my legs in front of it .. hoping that the breeze would take away the heat. The cool sensation that hits my swollen cock head though only causes it and my lust for you grow stronger. 

Thoughts of you kneeling between my legs and wanting to give it your own special cool down treatment filled my head as my hand starts to rub over the head of my cock... the other cupping and holding my balls, gently playing with them. It is my hands doing the work, but as I close my eyes and tilt my head back it becomes your warm moist mouth and tender hands sending little shocks of pleasure through me. 

My breathing picks up speed as your mouth swirls over the head of my cock. Your tongue expertly teasing me in every way. You flick the very tip with your tongue and gently push into my small hole, licking up a thick drop of precum with that sexy smile of yours. Tracing your tongue all the way down the length of my shaft and slowly along the base of my cock where you lick and kiss all over causing me to arch my hips up from my chair just a little more. 

As if on cue from one of my low moans, I feel your inviting mouth cover me deeper and deeper until it you nearly took the full length of me in. A shudder goes through my body as you suck and pull up. Your mouth feels so wonderful as it slowly starts to work my now throbbing cock. 

Your other hand makes things even better by massaging and gently squeezing my balls. I can feel them fill and grow as your mouth and hand work it's magic together. You again trace your tongue down the length of the shaft but this time you let your tongue lick an outline around my very sensitive sack. You then tug lightly what loose skin there might be with your lips before gently sucking one of my balls into your warm, moist mouth. 

A gasp of pleasure to escapes my body. Oh god baby.. the things you are doing to me are making me a very happy man! But you continued wanting more of me.. wanting all of me. 

You can tell you are going to be very soon rewarded for your delicious efforts. You could tell from the expression on my face and from the gentle grinding of my hips that you were not very far from getting what you wanted. I see those beautiful eyes look up at me as your sexy lips are wrapped around my pulsing shaft. Your look of love mixed with lust and need meets my identical look. 

The heat around my cock is building into an inferno as you take my cock and resume working it over with such amazing skill. Anxious to have a better taste of me, your mouth goes from laying little kisses, licks and sucks to straight bobbing up and down.

It takes everything I have in me not to pump myself into you.. I really want to savor the moment. As always you bring me to a point where body starts to convulse and shudder with each stroke down and pull up of your wet mouth and hand.

Just to drive me even more insane, you trace the finger on your free hand down and gently push your index finger into my tight asshole. You wiggle and probe the finger in just deep enough to have my eyes become flush with passion and lust. 

I need to cum... I am going to cum.. 

I moan your name out low and drawn out as your repeated bobbing becomes long drawn out but firm sucks into your mouth. My cock jumping as you would take as much of me as you could into your mouth. I gasp hard and nearly breathless tell you that I am there.. You have brought me to what is about to be an explosive finish. 

You back off just a bit, wanting to enjoy my cock shoot off it's hot seed and letting it fall where it may. Your hand strokes me so well as you tease the tip of my cock, almost taunting it to shoot off into your mouth while you lick. I groan loud. My hips with a mind of it's own thrust into the air and then one... two.. three hot powerful jets of my cum shoot out. My gasping and moaning of your name are almost as constant as the orgasmic waves that are rocking me. My cum covers both of us but you lick it off my cock, balls, your hand... You clean me off wanting to taste every drop of your passionate results.

I lay there for a moment.. My orgasm finally letting go of it's grip on me. My eyes open and my heart feels slightly disappointed that it wasn't you that had physically caused such an eruption, but my mind knowing full well how well you please me and turn me on with mere thoughts of a wonderful night together. 

In my eyes and heart I give you a deep, loving kiss good night and hope that I made you feel just as good with similar thoughts of me returning the favor to you instantly after, knowing I enjoy taking you to the same place you just took me. I drift off to sleep thinking of how wonderful you'd feel in my arms as we both enjoy a post orgasmic state together.. 

One last kiss on the back of your neck, just to let you know the very last thought I have for the day is of you.. 

And I sleep, my mind waiting for the moment when the first thing I could think of when I wake up is you. 

I love you.