 I remember coming to your room and sitting on your bed. Close enough to the ground that if we fell off, it might not be a bad thing. You offer me something to smoke and as you pick up your bass I roll a cigarette. We pass it and while I puff away you play some riff that comes so delicately to your fingers and onto the strings. When you pass me the cigarette you look directly into my eyes and I know that tonight will be the best, most passionate, ever. After smoking down to the point of burnt lips, you play me a very special concert, and I hope that I'm the only one that gets to hear you play these notes. You lean in and kiss me for just long enough to feel your lips get soft and hard and then soft again.

After my concert you put your bass down and look at me. You're sitting in the chair and I'm on the bed. I move along the ground and place my hand on your knees. As I smile, you unbutton and unzip your pants. Underneath, you're wearing animal print boxers and you whip out your cock. It's not hard yet, but I like that way. I like being able to put it all in my mouth and have it feel almost limp and dry. I slowly run my tongue over the tip and suck on your foreskin. You run your fingers through my hair and push it back so you can see any and all movements between my mouth and your penis. 

I grip your cock and feel it get harder with every stroke. I suck on the tip and my mouth covers more and more of your ever enlarging penis. Slowly, at first, and then you put your hand behind my head and guide my wet lips up and down the shaft, faster and faster. Then I pull your cock out of my mouth and you push me down on your bed. I feel your lips pressed hard against mine and it's hard to breath, my eyes are squeezed shut, I'm afraid of what I might see if I open them. I like feeling your hard body pressed into my skin. I like the roughness of your face against mine. We frantically take our clothes off, both knowing that no matter how fast we get them off; you're going to take your time. You're going to make me want it.

I feel you kissing, sucking on my neck and shoulders. You're skin is so hot against mine and I watch as you lick my stomach all the way down to my thighs. I love to look at your skin as the light hits it from behind. You're a god! My legs are spread and you part the lips of my wet, hot pussy and lick it from bottom to top and you add a little flare with the tip of your tongue when you get to my clit. Slowly then fast and then slow again, your tongue plays with it like a snake. I grab your hair and run my fingers through your scalp. Arching my back, I push you lower and you thrust your tongue inside me. Now, this sensation is like no other. Wet on wet. Kissing you with my cunt. I let out a low moan and your start to finger me and go at my clit like an animal, god it feels soooooo goooood!!! I come onto your face and you lick at my pussy like you're licking a melting popcicle.

I can't handle it anymore; I want your rock hard cock inside of me. I pull you up by the hair and you kiss me. Your tongue goes into my mouth and I can taste my own wetness on your lips. Yum. I wrap my arms underneath yours and run my fingers up the expanse of your back. I want you so bad and I can't stop the sounds coming from my mouth. You look at me and smile, "not so fast" you say. I'm let down and turned on by those words. I can feel you're the head of your penis rubbing against my clit, your hand guiding it. Your big strong hand that I adore so much. Rubbing your cock against me I tilt my head back and you kiss my neck again, sucking. I can't handle it any more, I pull at you, "I want it so bad!!!" I whine like a little girl. "You want it?" you ask, "Tell me what you want!" you say in a demanding voice. "I want your huge cock in my pussy!" I say, trying not to yell, but I want it bad. I want you to force yourself all the way inside my swollen cunt; I want it, it almost hurts.

Slowly you allow the tip of your penis into my vagina. You have to push and it hurts, that good hurt. I look in your eyes and I can't tell if you're being sensitive or unsympathetic. We kiss and I shove my tongue into your mouth and just at that point the tip of your penis breaks through and we both gasp, together. You quickly pull out and I grab and try to pull you back in, like I have any choice in the matter. Finally after taunting me you put the tip back in, and then out, faster and faster, with every few strokes you go just a little bit further. I hear you moan and groan, I know you're liking this as much as me. You're pumping in and out of me now, really fast and then you ask me if I want it. If only you knew how hard this question was to answer. If I say yes, then the game is over and I won't get this teasing again for at least another ten minutes. But if I say yes then a whole new experience presents itself. "YES!" I say, "I want it all." And then with one quick motion your back is arched and your arms are straight. My back tilts to let you slide all the way in and you close your eyes and let out a loud groan, almost a growl, you're cock is all the way in my wet pussy. The thrust of your hips into my pelvis brings me back to reality, you're on top of me, and we're only just beginning. 

After fucking me until I scream your name with tears of joy you kiss me deeply and then lay down on your back. I know what you want. You don't even have to say a word. I straddle you and kiss your lips, than your cheek and I move to your ear. I bite it and your hand reaches up to the top of my head and you push me downward. I kiss your neck and move slowly down your chest. Before making it all the way to your hard cock I kiss your stomach and your sides. I work my way to the insides of your thighs and tease you just a bit by rubbing my breast against your leg. 

Your penis is hard this time and wet, not like before. I pull the shaft back and run my tongue along the base of the head. I wrap my lips around the head and flick my tongue back and forth and then in and out. I move faster and deeper, using my hand to pull your cock into my mouth. I go as deep as my throat will allow me and then I pull it out. I gently kiss your balls and take one into my mouth, sucking softly. You moan with pleasure. I grab your cock and put it in my mouth a few more times and kiss my way back up your body.

Once we're kissing lip to lip I take your penis in my hand and put it up to my wet pussy. We slowly melt together and as soon as your cock is all the way inside me I sit up and you grab my hips and push them back ramming your cock as far in as it will go. That's all I can take, I start moving my hips on top of your stiff cock slowly and than faster. To the point where we're moving fast and my hand reaches down to my clit and we're fucking. As I play with myself I feel a breathless sensation and I know that you and I make a great team. I cum on top of you and lean down to kiss you, only to have you raise your hips and take control. 

You pull your rigid penis almost out and move in and out with increasing speed until I'm taking all of you inside my wet cunt. I practically bounce on top of you, but you pull me close to you and I put my arm underneath your neck and suck on your earlobe. The moment I stick my tongue into your ear you growl and fuck me harder than I thought possible. I move up just a little and you grab my ass and spank it. I love the sound your big hand makes against my skin. You slowly put your fingers into my asshole and finger fuck me at the same time. It's so good; I can't help but tell you how good you are at this. Don't stop! 

You fuck me for just a little longer and than you put me on my back, so you're on your side and your arm is wrapped underneath me. You run your hand up my thigh and kiss my neck. This is the part I love most. This is the part where you love me. You're so gentle and you kiss me and all I hear is our breath. Every time I breathe in you do too and every time I gasp, you gasp too. Our faces are touching and I can see your eyes. Your big strong hands are finger fucking me. Rubbing in small circles around my clit. You're totally in tune with me and know exactly how I want it. I push your hand lower and you put one finger, than two, inside my hot pussy. My head arches back and I grab your cock and give you a hand job. Every time I play with the head you play with my clit, and every time I push or pull the shaft of your penis you force your fingers inside of me. 

You roll me slowly onto my side so that my ass is right next to your dick and we're spooning. You wrap your long arms around me and squeeze me tight. I feel your hard cock against my butt. You take your penis in your hand and start rubbing the tip against my ass up and down and slowly pushing it in occasionally. And then you move it between my wet pussy and my ass, lubricating us with our own wetness. You slowly push your penis into my ass, and it hurts, it's so tight. You move very slowly and I feel you breathing into my ear. You bite my ear with an animal passion and that's all it takes and I start to push my ass onto your cock. It goes very slowly, almost dry and tight. 

I push harder then pull out just a little. I want more than anything for you to move your cock slowly in and out of my ass. I spread my legs and start playing with my clit and then everything goes smoother. You start to slip further and further into my ass and it hurts, but I can't get enough. Faster and faster, the friction between our two bodies is intense and then you break through and the pressure is relieved, but the journey isn't over yet.

You roll me onto my back and spread my legs. I grab the mattress and lift my hips up so that you can put your hard cock back into my ass. My legs are open and you can see everything that I'm made of. My clit, the red wetness of my pussy; you grab my ankles and slowly push your dick further into my ass, slowly, pulling out sometimes and then pushing it back into the tight hole.

Finally your cock is all the way in my ass and you throw your head back and start to pump in and out of me. You look down and I'm rubbing my clit and moaning with no restraint. You ask me how much I love you and I say, so much. I shift my body so that one leg is in between yours and the other is against your stomach, you keep ramming you hard cock into my ass. I grab your butt and squeeze. A few final thrusts and we separate. 

You stay on your knees and I lean on my elbow, interestingly your penis is just at the level of my mouth. I grab the thick shaft and put it all in my mouth. Your hand reaches down and feverishly rubs my clit. Your cock is so hard and wet now; I love to hear the moans that escape from your lips. I twist my head to the side so you can see my mouth wrapped around your huge cock. You can see the head push against my tight cheek. I lick the head and carefully run my fingers up and down your dic. I grab your ass and push your hips into my face and your cock goes all the way into my mouth and hits the back of my throat. I can feel that you want to come and I ask you what you want. You tell me you want me on my knees.

We move like liquid until I'm on my knees and my round ass in rubbing against your cock. You take it in your hand and lead it to the wet, red opening between my legs. As you place it at the entrance of my hot pussy you take your hand away and slap my ass. I push myself onto your penis and you only slide half way in. You pull out so that only the head is piercing me and you move the tip of your rod in and out of me until I finally push back and feel the enormity of you filling me up. You grab my hips and force your massive dick inside of my hot pussy over and over again. With each thrust I let a moan or gasp escape. You ask me if I like it and I say yes, oh yes. There is only the sound of our skin smacking together, your hips against my ass.

I push up onto my hands and throw my head back. You gather all my hair into one hand and place your other big hand at the base of my back. I can feel its enormity burning against my skin. You slowly rub your finger against my ass hole. Slowly you push your digit inside of me and you finger fuck my ass at the same time. Pulling my hair back you guide me towards and away from your body, your cock entering me forcefully each time.

Just as you're about to come you push me onto my stomach. My legs come together and you ask me if I'm ready. What's the right answer? I want your throbbing penis inside of me, I know instantly that I want you to fill me up with your cum. I don't respond verbally, I lift up my ass into your stomach and feel your cock against the slit of my ass. 

I feel your chest lean into my back. You start by teasing me, rubbing the head of your penis against my wetness; telling me how you're going to fuck me slowly and then harder and that I can't escape you now. Slowly you begin to put the head of your cock into me. Slowly at first, and then you grab hold of the top of the bed and then my ass. Your huge hand squeezes and slaps my skin and you tell me that I'm yours now in a mean, forceful growl. This is what I've been waiting for. You start gently and then out of nowhere you ram your massive cock into me; painfully, and with ownership, you fuck me. I can only give into you now; I'm completely yours. Grabbing my ass you move my body underneath yours. I grab your strong arm and you bite my ear and start moving faster and crash into my throbbing cunt over and over again. "Tell me what you want," you say. "I want you, I want your hard cock inside of me I want to know what you're made of, I want you to fill me up with your cum. I want you to give it to me, I want it all!" I scream. "Yeah?" you ask. "Yeah, give to me! GIVE IT TO ME, FILL ME UP! I can't wait anymore," I say urgently. 

You tell me your going to come and then I feel your cock swell even bigger inside of me, you're thrashing on top of me. You're enormous cock thrusts harder than ever and you moan intensely, and then I feel warmth fill me up from the inside out. You pump a few more times very gently and then collapse on top of me. We're sweating into each other and you kiss my ear and my cheek delicately. I like feeling your weight on top of me. I'm safe with you and I love you.