 As I sit at the picnic table/smoking area eating lunch and working on a new story, I watch as a group of people walk from the building over to the other tables to enjoy their breaks and catch up with their friends. 

Out of the group I find you, I've memorized the way you walk, so it's easy for me to pick you out of a crowd. To my eyes...I could stare at you all day and never get tired of the same view. 

I love the way your mouth forms your words and when you look at someone as they're talking to you, you give them your full attention. You've done that with me when we've talked on occasion or just in passing. 

It's almost as if your eyes can see right into what I'm trying to tell you with mine. I daydream about what it would be like to be kissed by you. I wonder what it would feel like to feel your soft lips on mine. Would they be as soft as they look? 

Your hands...I dream about your hands and fingers more than I probably should. I dream of you touching my body with those beautiful hands...wrapping them around my waist and pulling me to close to kiss you, sliding them down my back to my ass to grab it, then working your way around to the front of my body to touch my pussy. 

I watch you walk over to a table kitty corner from where I'm at and sit down, pull your phone from your pocket and immediately check it to see who's sent you messages. Of course there's one or two from me...and the funny thing is that you don't see me sitting at the opposite corner from you at the far end of the picnic/smoking area. 

I sit here and dream about how your hands will feel on my face as you lean in to kiss me and then sliding down my body...will they be as soft as they look? I wonder what it would be like to gaze into your eyes right before that moment when you kiss me...

I wonder if you'll take my face in your hands and pull me to your mouth...as I'm sitting here dreaming of you in 'that' way, I glance up to watch you staring at me. I smile, and you smile back. 

Then I watch as you get up and walk over to me and sit down at my table. You ask me what I'm writing and I start to tell you, and then decide to let you read it for yourself. 

I watch your eyes scan the page and then you look up at me and say the words that I've been longing to hear out of your mouth...'You want to do that to me?' I just look at you and silently nod my head. 

I'm about three shades of red at this point and my thoughts are scattered. I never thought in a million years that you would ever read what I'd written. Much less be interested in what I want to do to you. 

I'd always looked at you as nothing more than a friend, and for all intents and purposes was happy to keep it that way. But the more time that I've spent with you, talking, texting, laughing, I was starting to hope that there would be more than a friendship. However, if there wasn't I would be just as content and happy to have you as my friend. 

I'm so comfortable around you; you make me feel like we are the only two people in the world that mattered. 

All of that aside, I don't mind putting my feelings for you down on paper, I just never dreamed that I'd let you read them. 

The basis of my story has you taking me for a drive after work one day and me giving you a blowjob while you were driving. There were actually a few more details than that, but they were on paper and I really didn't bank on getting to do them with you. 

For the moment, I just felt like you were placating me and making me feel good about my writings. 

Unbeknownst to me, while I was sitting there lost in my thoughts, you had finished reading what I had written and was now sitting there staring at me with a look of excitement on your face. When you'd finally gotten my attention and brought me back to the present you asked me if you could drive me home from work today. 

I felt a smile creep across my face and I answered a very quiet 'yes' to you. I told you know that I had to let Sis know that I'd be home later and needed to drop off the keys to the car. 

'Wait, Bradley, what time do you get off work? I'm off at 2:30.' You replied,' I get off at 3, is that okay? Do you mind waiting for me?' 

'Darlin', I'd wait til 9:30 tonight if you asked me to', I replied back. I was rewarded with a smile from and a wink from you. 'Alright, Anna, I need to get back to work, break is almost over.' 

As you got up to leave, you leaned over and kissed my cheek and whispered in my ear that you were looking forward to kissing more than just my cheek later. My heart skipped a couple of beats and my palms started to sweat. 

All this time of only writing what I'd like to do to a man, and finally getting to start making those scenarios come true was like, wow!!...my head was spinning. 

I checked my watch and realized that I needed to get my butt back to work also. I was hoping that time would fly but I knew differently. 

I was still in training to do the job that Bradley did, and knew the day was going to drag by, and then I'd still have to wait another half hour before he got off work, and that was if he didn't get stuck on a long call. 

I got back to class with two minutes to spare, clocked in and proceeded to be bored to death by more modules. 

To my surprise, my trainer actually got into something interesting and before I knew it, it was time for a break, and then I only had an hour before class was over. I started getting more and more excited as that last hour crept by. 

My day finally ended and I made my way to the parking lot, put my belongings in the car, and then went back inside in to find Sis and tell her of my plans for later. 

By the time I made it back to the parking lot, Bradley was waiting for me at the smoking area. I quickly checked my watch to make sure I wasn't late, and realized that I still had about 15 minutes left. 

When he saw me coming he got up and walked over to me, gave me a quick peck on the cheek, grabbed my hand and said, 'Are you ready sweetheart?' I answered with a yes and he walked me to his pick-up truck. 

After he'd opened my door and I'd climbed inside, he leaned in and gently took my face in his hands and when I turned to look at him, he kissed me. A deep, passionate, time-standing-still-tongues-intertwined kiss. 

Wow!! Was all I managed to mutter as he gingerly pulled away from me, closing the door behind him and almost running over to his side of the truck. He jumped in and fired her up, and the engine came to life. He put it in reverse and backed out of his spot. 

On the way out of the parking lot, he asked me to scoot over to the middle seat and once I had my seatbelt on, he took my hand in his and interlaced our fingers together. 

He made a right turn out of the parking lot and headed down the road to hit the highway. There was one more right turn before we got to Interstate 40 and in this brief moment of time, he asked me if I would like to make my fantasy come true. 

I was speechless at this point, because there was so much more to my fantasy than me just sucking his cock as we left the city behind. 

I wanted to make love to him, I wanted to feel his hands on my body, I wanted more of his kisses, I wanted it all, and to me it wasn't going to happen in just a couple of hours. I wanted him for a lifetime. 

He was everything that I'd always wanted and needed in a man. He was literally my twin in male form. As we'd been talking over the last few weeks we'd found out that our birthdays were 6 days apart and we were both Cancers. We fit the profile of our sign to a 'T'. 

We were both laid back, generally took life with a grain of salt, and were very open with our communication. We were gentle and kind-hearted people, and together we made an awesome couple. Maybe someday he would see me as more than just a friend with benefits, but for right now I would be happy to just have him in my life. 

To me, we connected, almost as if he was the piece of my jigsaw puzzle that I'd been missing my entire life. 

But anyways, those feelings aside, he'd also just gotten out of a relationship and she'd broken his heart, and so the last thing that he needed at this point was another one. I was just happy that he was my friend and whatever came with that. 

As I came back to reality from my daydream, I realized that he'd jumped onto the highway and we were headed west, out of town. I looked over at him and smiled, watching his facial expressions as he focused on the traffic around us. When he caught me staring, he smiled and said, 'Do you see something that you like Anna?' 

I said, 'I was just thinking about how serene you look while you drive. Like you don't have a care in the world.' He quickly glanced at me and said, 'You make me comfortable honey. You aren't judgmental to anything that I say and you listen to me. You always have advice for me and you make me happy.' 

My goodness, my heart did a double-flip...I make him happy. WOW!!

I leaned over and kissed him on his cheek and then took my hand out of his and reached for his belt buckle. As I was undoing his jeans and he was helping me to get out of them, I had a brief glance into the future and saw us doing this on a regular basis. 

I could get used to this, I thought to myself, as I freed his beautiful cock from its confines. I gently took his cock into my hands and started slowly stroking it...loving the way that it felt in my hand, enjoying the way that it looked with my hand around it. 

Bradley looked my way one more time, before I dropped my head between his legs and slowly wrapped my mouth around his beautiful manhood. 

I flicked the end of my tongue across the head of his cock and felt his body quiver under my fingers and mouth. Hmmm...very sensitive I see, I thought to myself. 

It had been 2 months too long since I'd had a beautiful cock in my mouth, even longer since I'd had a very willing man who was ready to make all my fantasies come true; literally at my beck and call. 

I quickly covered his cock with my mouth and set about sucking him in inch by inch until I could take no more. I could hear his rapid breathing and felt him slide down a bit into his seat. 

He was getting comfortable and so I changed my position so that I was no longer just leaning over him, but almost flat on my stomach with my feet hanging off the seat. Thank goodness he didn't have bucket seats; I would have never been able to pull this off. 

I sucked his cock from the bottom to the top and then worked my way back down again. With my right hand free I gently took his balls and played with them while I continued stroking him with my mouth. 

I was enjoying the feel of his big cock in my mouth and a set of balls that I could play with too. I started feeling the first stirrings of an orgasm build deep within me and knew that it wouldn't be long until I'd want his hands on my body and his succulent cock in my tight pussy.

I had written and dreamed about this day ever since I'd met him, and now I was being able to allow those, well at least this fantasy, to come true. 

As I heard his breath become rapid, I knew that he was enjoying what my mouth and tongue was doing to his cock. I quickly let go of his balls to wrap my hand around the bottom of his shaft. 

By doing this, I could match my mouth and hand stroke for stroke and keep my rhythm. As I was making my way sucking slowly back to the top of his cock, to run circles with my tongue around his head, I heard him turn the blinker on.

He gently patted me on the back and said, 'Darlin, I'm going to get off at this exit, I can't stand it anymore, I need to feel my cock inside you and my lips on yours.' I smiled on the inside and continued my rhythm of sucking his cock, giving him, in essence a run for his money. 

I felt the truck descend down the ramp and then we came to a stop, where he turned right. I briefly lifted my head to look at our surroundings and then dropped my mouth back onto his cock. I teased his head with my teeth and tongue before engulfing him in my mouth again. 

He had pulled into a truck stop casino, I wasn't sure what exit we were at, but I knew it was a long way from the city. He parked us in between two eighteen wheelers where we would be secluded, put the truck in park, rolled down the windows and shut the engine off. All you could hear around us was the noise of the diesel engines and the sucking noises that my mouth was making. 

I was in heaven!! I could stay like this for the rest of the night and never get tired of sucking him. But alas, he wanted more, and I'm pretty sure he knew I did too. 

I heard his voice as he said in a breathy whisper...'Anna, I'm getting so close to cumming, but I don't want to cum in your mouth. I want to make love to you and feel your orgasms as well as you feeling mine. Can you please stop long enough for me to get my pants the rest of the way off and help you take yours off?'

He didn't need to say anymore than that, although I was going to miss sucking his cock and running my tongue around the head, tasting his pre-cum. Oh well, the man wanted to make love to me and who was I to deny him? 

I gently sat up after giving his cock one more long hard tug with my mouth and unwrapped my fingers from his balls. He quickly slid his pants and shoes off and then made his way over to me on my side of the truck. 

I was sitting there watching him as he got undressed and then slid his way over to me. He gently took me in his arms and pulled me to him, leaned in close and placed his lips on mine, gently forcing my lips apart with his tongue. He gently intertwined our tongues together and then bit down on my lower lip pulling it into his mouth before letting me have it back. I felt like I'd died and gone to heaven. Dammnit if the man didn't know how to kiss me!! 

When he pulled back, I immediately grabbed his face in my hands and pulled his loving lips back to mine. All of a sudden I couldn't get enough of his kisses. With a burning fever, I parted his lips with mine and darted my tongue effortlessly in and around his, hungry for more. 

Wanting so much more than just the kiss ...wanting desperately now to feel his hands on my body, to feel his hands in my most sensitive places, wanting him to bring me to my peak over and over again. 

As our kisses grew more frantic, he reached under my shirt and undid the hooks on my bra, letting my breasts hang free. Then he gently reached around and grabbed them with his hands, pulling at the nipples as I playfully resisted. 

I suddenly wanted my nipples in his mouth, so I pulled my hands away from his face and started reaching for my shirt to get it off. He grabbed my hands and pulled them away and started lifting my shirt over my head. 

When I'd gotten my hands free of the sleeves, I quickly pulled my bra off and pulled his head to my breasts. 'Suck my nipples, Patrick!! Suck them hard!! I want to feel your teeth bearing down on me!!' 

As he was biting and sucking my nipples, his hands were moving down my stomach inching their way to the waistline of my skirt. At least that's where I thought they were heading. He reached my hips and pulled me down so that I was lying underneath him on the truck seat. 

Whew, I could feel his hard cock pressing through the cloth of my skirt and thought that I was going to go insane from the heat of our bodies together. 

He pressed his hard body against mine and I arched my back as my first orgasm ripped through my body. My goodness if this is what he does to me with my clothes on I can only imagine what's going to happen when he finally gets my skirt off and sticks his hard cock inside of me. 

He continued kissing me and then slowly started working his way down my body. When he'd found the top of my skirt, he skillfully removed it along with my g-string and tossed them on the floor. 

He then kept moving down until his mouth was on my pussy and then he was spreading my lips with his fingers and touching his tongue to my clit, drawing circles around it and driving me crazy. 

I raised my hips trying to push my pussy into his mouth, suddenly wanting his fingers deep inside of me. 

I reached down and tried to push his hands trying to get them where I wanted, but he resisted me and continued to bear down on my clit, sucking and licking it until I thought I was going to scream!! 

He knew what I wanted and when I finally managed to tell him that I was cumming, he inserted one, then two fingers into my tight, wet pussy and my orgasm reached its peak...over and over he slid his fingers in and out of me, giving me what I want and then taking it back. 

Pushing his fingers deep inside me and then pulling them back out, pushing me to an orgasm, and then right as I'm getting ready to hit it, taking it away. Such a tease!! 

He was building up my orgasm until I was ready to explode all over his face...and I could feel it coming. Just a few more times of those fingers sliding in and out, and it was going to be all over. 

As his fingers continued their magical dance, I felt myself go over the edge, and as I did, I reached down between my legs, grabbed his head and pulled his mouth to my clit as I hit my peak!!! Oh such a wonderful release as my pussy muscles clamped down on his fingers and I squirted my orgasm into his mouth!!

'Oh Bradley!! I need your hard cock in me now!! Give it all to me!!' 

He continued kissing and sucking on my clit, bringing me to another strong orgasm before kissing his way up my body and sliding his cock into me. My pussy began to sing with glee, as she felt his hard cock fill her up like none other had ever done before. 

As his beautiful head entered me, my pussy contracted around it and I hit two orgasms that were just as strong as the ones he had unleashed with his mouth. 

He continued pushing his way into my warm nest until he was all the way in and then slowly started his love dance. 

First it was a slow dance of sliding in and out, and then he began to go side to side with his body, his cock hitting the walls of my pussy and setting off orgasms that felt more like fireworks. 

I quickly wrapped my legs around his and pulled him in as close as I could to me and matched his rhythm stroke for stroke. 

We continued our love dance until he was ready to cum. As I felt his cock begin to enlarge even more than it already was, my swollen pussy began to get excited again. This was his moment of release and she was to join him in it. 

Our kisses became more frantic with each stroke in and each stroke out...I felt his body start to quiver and my grip on his shoulders became a little tighter. 

Finally I heard him shout out, 'Anna, I'm cumming!! Where do you want me to shoot it?'

'In my sweet pussy!! Give it to me Patrick!! Give me everything you have!!' 

With those words barely dying in my throat, I felt his body finally give in to his orgasm and the hot liquid pour out of him and into me. The force of his cum sent me into oblivion and I began to cum again and again and again. 

When I finally came back to reality, he was resting his body on mine and his breathing was slowing. I released my grip on his shoulders and gently rubbed his back and his head. Loving the feeling of his skin on mine. 

As I came back to reality and really realized where we were at, the only thought that come to the forefront of my mind was, 'I hope we didn't have an audience darlin.' 'Why do you say that, Anna?', he replied. 'Because truck drivers enjoy a good show, hell men in general enjoy a good show...and if there's one thing we did right it was give a show to anybody and everybody that could've been walking by or climbing out of their truck.' 

'Oh well, sweetie, we won't worry about it...hopefully whatever they saw, they enjoyed.' 'Alright, if you say so, sweet Bradley.' 'Let's go check out the restaurant in here. If we like it maybe we'll come back,' he stated. 
