 Valerie led what she considered a rather boring life.  She was in her 50's, her children were all grown and married and had been out of the house for sometime.  Valerie's husband George was a farmer and spent most of his time out in the fields and working on the land allowing little time to be spent with his wife.

On the surface, Valerie seemed to be a fairly normal, calm, conservative person.  Always willing to lend a hand should any family or friends need anything and never asked much for her.  This is how most viewed Valerie however inside she was a very different person.

Very few knew about her darker and more taboo side.  Inside this plain, conservative, and unassuming exterior raged an insatiable nymphomaniac.

For years Valerie had tried to suppress her addiction.  She tried to be the good wife, good mother, and good friend thinking that such feelings had no place in her life.  The older she got, the stronger these feelings became and the more she wanted to act upon them.

At first she approached her husband George, attempting to seduce him into more experimental acts of sex but George seemed disinterested thinking Valerie's requests were silly and childish.

Having been rejected by the only man she had available to her, Valerie decided to branch out.  After a few hours of searching through the internet, she happened upon a website that catered to married people who were unsatisfied with their current physical relationships.  She was amazed at what she found.

There were hundreds of people from all over the world that sounded exactly like her.  Many were in very loving and happy relationships with their partners yet there was something missing in their physical relationships.  There was a lack of passion or a lack of experimentation, and in most cases, a lack of sex all together.  Valerie found comfort in her online conversations with these people.  She started to realize that she wasn't all that different after all and she started to see a potential solution to her needs should she decide to pursue it.

Valerie began spending sometime just about every day on the site.  After a few weeks, she noticed that another gentleman named Michael was on the site just about as much as her.

The two of them began discussing their respective situations.  Michael was a younger man in his late 30's who got married at very early age.  He told Valerie how his relationship with his wife was great on just about every level yet he was dissatisfied sexually.  It seemed that Michael's wife had a very low sex drive.  She only liked the same sex, in the same position for 10 minutes at a time before she was done.  Weeks would go by before she was interested in another encounter.  Michael explained that his interests in sex were much more varied.  He talked about wanting to try various positions, have sex in different places, some public and some private.  He also had an interest in experimenting with different role plays and switching between being submissive and dominant.

Valerie found that Michael's desires were extremely similar to hers.  She told him about how she always had to be the one to initiate sex.  She had longed for some time for a man to just take her and have his way with her.  She also confessed to having a fetish for giving blow jobs as she loved to feel men get hard in her mouth and then cum down her throat.

Each day Valerie would meet Michael online and they would discuss what was going on in their lives with the conversation always turning to sex.  They determined that people who weren't getting any sex seemed to enjoy talking about it that much more.  Their conversations gradually turned more explicit with Valerie describing how much she enjoyed tasting men's cum, being fucked from behind, and how incredibly wet she got at just the thought of those acts.  Michael would tell her how much he enjoyed making women cum with his tongue, how he so loved the taste of a dripping wet pussy, and how he loved to fuck for hours.

The conversations continued to grow more intense yet both Michael and Valerie felt safe in that they were hundreds of miles apart without much chance of meeting.  That was until Valerie's daughter announced that she was moving.  It seemed that her daughters' new home was only a few miles from Michael.

Being the ever helpful mother that she was, Valerie was to drive some of her daughter's things to her new home within the week.

Valerie immediately got online and found Michael.  She told him about the move and how she would be just moments away from him.  Part of her was a little panicked about being so close to this man to whom she had revealed so much.  Another part of her was excited at the possibility of what might happen even if it involved the two of them cheating on their spouses.  There was also a growing part of her that wanted to take advantage of this unexpected surprise, a part that wanted to release some of her pent up sexual energy on an equally frustrated friend.

They agreed that they would meet for coffee after Valerie had her daughter's things settled.  Both thought that having coffee would be a rather harmless activity and wouldn't result in too much pressure to do more.

Valerie made the long journey to her daughter's new home and helped her put away her things.  After a few days spent touring the city, Valerie contacted Michael to arrange their meeting.  Michael told her that he would pick her up at her daughter's house and take her to the coffee shop feeling that she had driven enough and would welcome the break. Valerie happily agreed and prepared herself for Michael's arrival.  She debated with herself about what to wear.  She didn't want to be too conservative but yet, she didn't want to be too provocative either.  After much deliberation, she decided on a form-fitting sleeveless top and equally form fitting black Capri pants.

"Shows off my curves but doesn't give easy access to my flower." She laughed to herself.

Valerie was a curvy woman, about 5'6" tall, with 36C breasts and lovely round hips.  Her outfit of choice showed every one of those curves yet was conservative enough to pass as a casual outfit.

Michael arrived promptly at 12:00pm for their afternoon coffee date.  Valerie opened the door to a tall, fit gentleman who wore a white button down shirt, blue jeans and stylish brown loafers.

"Ah, you must be Valerie," Michael smiled, "It's so great to finally meet you in person."

Valerie was immediately taken with him.  They had so many intimate conversations that she had developed a certain image of Michael.  Seeing him in person made her immediately want him.  She could feel the juices beginning to flow between her legs and soak through her thong.  But should she pursue this?  Should she give into her feelings and finally act on them?

"Um…it's great to see you too Michael," she stuttered out. "Shall we go?"

They got into Michael's car and drove off.  While they drove, they chit chatted about her drive, how her daughter was liking the area, what the weather was like.  It was obvious to both of them that they were trying to stay on their best behavior.

"So," Valerie asked, "Where are we going for coffee?"

Michael smiled and replied, "I have a bit of a surprise for you.  We're not going for coffee."

Just then, Michael pulled the car into the parking lot of what looked like a rather seedy motel.  Just as Valerie was about to protest, Michael cut her off.

"Look," he said, "We both know what each other has been going through at home and you've told me over and over again that you have been fantasizing about having a man just take you so, that's exactly what I am going to do.  We are going to get out of this car, walk up to that room and I am going to fuck you."

Valerie was stunned.  Her head was swimming in a sea of conflicting emotions.  This was wrong, she was married, he was married, this was cheating but she could feel herself getting hotter inside.  She wanted Michael, she needed Michael, she needed to feel what it was like to let herself go and release all those thoughts and all that energy.  She knew that despite her thoughts, she was going to let him take her.

They got out of the car and Valerie followed Michael up the steps to their room.  Michael produced a key from his pocket, unlocked the door and let her in.

Walking through that door was like walking into a new world.  Valerie felt like someone else, like she was outside of her own body looking in.  The person she saw was the version of herself that was suppressed for far too long and would not be kept down any longer.  This version wanted to fuck.

She heard the door close and latch behind her as Michael motioned her over to the bed.

"Take off your clothes." He demanded. "Slowly"

Valerie felt hypnotized by his gaze.  He had a look of determined desire and she knew she would do whatever he wanted.  She slipped off her shoes and stood in front of him at the end of the bed.  She slowly slid her top up from her waist revealing her bare stomach where she paused to run her fingers over her exposed skin.  She then pulled the top up over her breasts to reveal a black lace bra then up over her head.  Next she unbuttoned her pants and began to slide them off her hips.

"Wait." Michael whispered, "Turn around. I want to look at your ass while you take those off."

Valerie did as she was asked and turned away from Michael while she continued to slide her pants down her hips.  He could see the top of her black thong appear as her pants started to fall revealing a very large, round and firm ass.  Michael could feel his cock grow in his pants as more of Valerie was exposed.

Valerie let her pants drop to the floor and bent over to slide them off of her feet.  Michael was treated to a very generous look at her ass and the soaked thong that cupped her pussy lips. He was almost at full attention now.

Valerie stood up and turned back toward Michael.  She moved her hands behind her back and unsnapped her bra.  Michael watched as her straps slid off her shoulders.  She let her bra fall to the floor exposing her ample breasts and hardened nipples.  Valerie rubbed across her stomach up her breasts, squeezing her nipples, teasing Michael before slipping her fingers inside the waist of her panties and sliding them to the floor.

Michael could see how aroused she was, how bad she wanted this.  His own arousal was not hidden from her either as he cock was pressed roughly against the inside of his pants just longing to get out.

Valerie stood naked in front of Michael just waiting for his next instructions.

"Now," Michael said, "Get on the bed and lay down on your back."

Valerie did what she was told, her heart pounding in anticipation of what Michael had in store for her. Michael scrambled out of his clothes as the object of his desire lay naked before him.

Michael climbed onto the bed and straddled Valerie with his bulging cock just inches from her face pinning her arms down with his legs.  He moved his cock back and forth across her mouth teasing her with it.  He took it in one hand and slapped her cheek with it.  Valerie lay there powerless to resist this torture while wanting badly to feel that cock in her mouth.

"I'm going to fuck your mouth." Michael stated, "And you are going to make me cum!"

Michael grabbed the back of her hair and plunged his cock into her awaiting mouth.  Still pinned on the bed, Valerie could do nothing but take it all in as Michael pushed his cock deeper into her throat with every thrust.  Michael bucked his hips back and forth as Valerie licked, sucked and drooled all over his cock.  She could feel him getting close as his cock seemed to grow even bigger while his thrusts got faster and harder.  Michael pulled her head toward him as he exploded into the back of her throat.  He kept his cock buried in her mouth as she swallowed each and every drop.

Panting, Michael climbed off her and moved between her legs.

"Spread your legs for me." Michael demanded.  Again, Valerie did as she was told. "Now, spread your pussy for me, I want to taste how bad you want me."  Valerie reached down and spread her pussy lips with her fingers until her hole was exposed.  Michael bent down and plunged his tongue straight into her dripping fuck hole.  Valerie let out a deep moan as Michael licked, sucked and tongue fucked her sopping pussy.  Valerie's juices poured out in a flood as she got closer and closer to climax.  Finally she arched her back, let out a scream and squirted hot pussy juice all over Michael's face as she came.

With both panting from her orgasm, Michael stood up and flipped Valerie onto her stomach.

"Now slut…I am going to fuck you until you can't take any more!"

Michael climbed behind Valerie and drove his rock hard cock deep into her pussy.  He reached forward and grabbed her by the chin forcing her head back as he pushed back and forth inside her.  Valerie was trapped between his strong grasp and the pumping cock moving in and out of her.  She came almost immediately.

"Oh I'm not finished with you yet slut"

Michael kept pumping her pussy harder and deeper as he grabbed her hips and forced her ass against him.  Valerie could feel his balls slapping against her clit as he pounded her making her cum over and over.  She had so many orgasms that she lost track yet Michael still kept up his assault on her pussy.  She could not believe how long this man could go.

Michael could tell that Valerie was near exhaustion.  He had predicted this would happen and knew it would take something special to get her back to full speed.

Michael tore his cock out of Valerie's stretched and swollen pussy surprising her out of her trance.

"I've had enough of that hole…now I want the other one.  The only one I have yet to fuck."

At first Valerie didn't understand, she was still in a haze after all her orgasms.  Then she felt Michael's cock slide up from her pussy to her asshole and knew what was next.  She had only had anal sex once with her husband years ago when they were first married.  It had never happened since and she hadn't given it much thought.  Now she was on her knees naked and sweaty with a throbbing cock teasing her ass hole just waiting to push inside her.  She couldn't think of anything to do other than let it happen.  Valerie set her hands on the bed and pushed her ass back into Michael.

"Do it Michael, fuck my ass, and finish me off!"

Michael plunged his cock deep into Valerie's ass and felt her push back against him.  Both rocked back and forth slowly at first and then picking up speed until he was slamming into her again.  Michael grabbed her shoulders and pulled her back toward him pushing deeper and deeper until he was all the way in.  Both moaned, screamed and fucked each other to near exhaustion.  Valerie has more orgasms and could feel Michael getting close again.  Michael's cock seemed to double in size before he exploded deep inside her ass.

Michael rolled off Valerie and both collapsed onto the bed panting and satisfied.

"God I needed that." Valerie gasped.  "I never knew how much."

"Yes." panted Michael. "I needed that too.  What do we do now?"

"Ha. Well I'm too tired to go again right now." Valerie teased

"No…I mean what happens from here when we go back home?" Stumbled Michael. "With my wife, with your husband?

"I think we just keep this between us." Replied Valerie, "Think of it as a vacation from reality.  No one has to know about this little secret and it doesn't have to change a thing in our lives.  We can just have our own naughty little secret"

"I think that sounds like a good idea." Michael replied. "Hey, I'm sorry if I was a little forceful with you.  I just couldn't resist."

"It was perfect." Valerie replied. "It was exactly what I needed.  Now what do you say we get out of her.  My daughter will wonder what happened to me."

"Fair enough," Michael replied. "And thank you again for a wonderful time.

The two got dressed and headed out the door.  As they drove away from the motel they could feel themselves slipping back into the reality that was their lives.  Only now, they had their own naughty secret to keep them company during those long lonely nights.