 She was standing at the kitchen sink, just getting ready to make dinner, when he grabbed her from behind. Before she could utter a sound, he roughly fondled her tits, all the while, pushing her against the sink. He whispered in her ear "I am gonna fuck you til you can't stand up!" 

The initial shock of the surprising contact was replaced with relief and then excitement as she recognized his voice. She hadn't expected him home so soon.

He yanked her tee shirt up, pulled her bra up over her tits, and rolled her nipples between his fingers. He was rough and insistent, but never really hurtful. He bit her neck, leaving a hickey under her hair, and her hands came up to cover his, as she tried to stop him. She really did have things to do right now!

She could feel his cock through their clothes, hard against her butt. She pushed back against him, her hands on the edge of the counter, trying to move away from him. Her legs were spread for balance and he took advantage of the position she was in. 

One hand slid down her belly, wiggled past the waistband of her shorts, and covered the vee between her legs. His middle finger rubbed her clit, bringing it to a hard little peak and causing her knees to weaken. 

When he felt her knees give, he halted his assault on her senses with a smile tugging at the corners of his mouth. He knew he had her now!

Turning her around, he put his hands around her waist and picked her up, depositing her on the counter. She leaned over and put her arms around his shoulders, and he kissed her, thrusting his tongue in her mouth. His fingers teased her tits, as he hungrily slurped at her lips and tongue. Dinner faded from her thoughts....

The counter was just the right height for him to suck on her tits, and he took each one in his mouth, circling the nipples and biting them softly. He cradled them in his hands and brought them together to bury his face between them. He loved the way she smelled, but didn't get the opportunity to appreciate it very often.

She wrapped her legs around his hips and her arms around his shoulders and pulled herself off the counter, sliding down his body until her feet touched the floor. He kissed her, hot and hard, before taking her hand and leading her to the nearest kitchen chair.

She hesitated at first, until she remembered that the kids were gone for the evening, and dinner could wait. She really did enjoy his attention, in fact she had been thinking about him all day. With all the stress in their lives lately, this was the last thing she expected, and she decided to take advantage of his amourous mood. 

She unfastened his belt, unzipped his pants, and yanked everything down around his ankles. He was surprised by the change in her attitude, and suddenly couldn't wait. Kicking them off, he sit down in the chair and grabbed her shorts by the waistband, pulled them and her panties down so she could step out of them. 

He pulled her forward, placing his knees between her's and sat her on his lap. With one hand on her back, the other hand went between her legs, caressing her pussy, and sliding 4 fingers into it as far as they would go. His mouth was on her tit, sucking and nibbling the nipple. She arched her back, threw her head back and cupped his head with her hands. He began humming against her nipple, the vibration sending a shiver up her spine.

As he changed tits, she pulled her tee shirt off, and he undid her bra in the back. She pulled it off her arms and dropped it to the floor. He had her right where he wanted her, naked, on his lap, and at his mercy.

His breathing was coming in ragged, quick gasps, and he sucked it in as she wrapped her fingers around his stiff cock. Her warm fingers caused his balls to roll up and get tight, and he shivered, wondering who was really in charge!

He pulled his hand out of her pussy, and slid her forward on his lap. She relinquished her hold on his cock to feel it slide into her pussy, and get buried all the way in. She leaned back as he gyrated his hips, and then put her feet on the floor, standing slightly, before plunging his cock into her again. 

Using her legs, she rode his cock up and down, the muscles of her pussy grabbing it with each retreat. Just as he was about to burst, he pushed her off, shoved the chair out of the way, and laid her down on the table she had cleared for dinner. 

He buried his face in her pussy, thrusting his tongue in and out of her. She lifted her legs over his shoulders, and watched his face as he fucked her with his tongue. She closed her eyes as she felt she orgasm build in her belly and shoot down between her legs. 

When her shuddering slowed, with her legs still over his shoulders, he stood up and thrust his cock into her waiting pussy, shoved it in hard and pumped fast. As he reached his peak again but before he could cum, she pushed him back, slid off the table and went down on her knees in front of him. 

She took his wet, hot cock between her lips, and he fucked her mouth. He held her head and pumped quickly, until he shot everything he had down her throat. She sucked his cock until he stopped pumping, swallowing every drop. 

As his cock deflated, he put his hands under her arms and lifted her to her feet. He kissed her, slowly. He told her how much he loved her, smacked her on the bottom, and sent her back to the kitchen to start dinner. 

She padded into the kitchen barefooted and naked, put her apron on and proceeded to make dinner. Since he interupted the process and dinner was going to be late, he offerd to make the salad for her. She accepted, and handed him an apron to protect her "friend". She sure don't want anything to happen to him, because after the dishes were done, she had plans of her own!