 "Is that it?" Lynne called out from the garage.

"I think that's the last of the boxes. At least I didn't see any others." I walked into the kitchen to get a beer. Moving in has never been one of my favorite activities. But after way too much time spent in trying to maintain a long distance relationship, a timely job offer, and some creative house hunting had resulted in our moving in together.

It was a first for my girlfriend, Lynne and me. Actually she's a lot more than my girlfriend. I guess this is as close to engaged, as we're likely to get. We've talked about marriage and have come to the same basic conclusion - why spoil a great relationship. 

Not that I was anxious about our living together. Well, maybe a little anxious since I'd never lived exclusively with just one girl while in a dedicated relationship. But I do love Lynne, and I can see us spending the rest of our lives together. So the practicality of living together, and the likelihood of much more frequent sex helped me overcome any trepidation I may have had.

With the last swallow of beer, I looked up to see Lynne smiling at me. She was sweaty and dirty. Her hair was half-tied-back, half-loose, and all too sexy. She was wearing a light cotton t-shirt over a sports bra and painted-on sport briefs that would have been illegal in many southern states. I'd been checking her out in those briefs all day long. 

She knew well about my fixation on tight cotton fabric (OK, OK it's a fetish. I'm hooked on cotton - sue me!). Cotton has a way of presenting a woman's body that I deeply appreciate; easy moving breasts, erect nipples (actually any sign of nipples), ripped abs, a deep navel (I'm an 'innie' kind of guy), fine ass and my personal favorite, the 'camel-toe'. The sight of a woman's split cunt lips is absolutely mesmerizing to me. 

I can't believe the number of women who walk around sporting the 'toe' as if nothing could be more natural. Whether her lips are thick and bulging, or just a subtle vertical indentation, I can't help but look. Lynne knows this; she'll even point out a good one to me, and often turn my predilection to her own advantage. She displayed her toe to me by tugging up on the waistband of her briefs. 

Turning to get her own beer Lynne bent over very slowly giving me a great backside muffin view (alright, alright…you're probably thinking I have a perverted cunt fixation with all of this camel-toe and muffin stuff - well, I do) man, I was instantly horny. Lynne sauntered to the table and sat across from me, straddling the back of a chair. That straddle put it all on display - right there, front and center!

I smiled my best 'be careful I'm a free-lance sex maniac' smile. I grabbed another beer and turned to stand behind her. I knelt and began to massage her back and shoulders -sensuously. Her moans were more then enough encouragement. I shifted my hands to brush against the sides of her breasts. Citing the fact that it was "in the way," I peeled her t-shirt off. 

I returned to massaging her back all the way down to her ass. Her head fell forward, and I worked her from back to front; butt to nipples and back again. I focused exclusively on her breasts and nipples, and her breathing changed. She adores having her nipples attended to, and I was determined to have them at attention. I told her I needed to inspect my work for quality and helped her out of her sport bra. I got a little rough on her tits - which she absolutely loves, pushing and pulling on her nipples. 

I slid a hand under her waistband, stretching the material, as I tried to get a finger into her. She resisted me! She kept leaning forward so that I could not get a finger into her.

"You need to lift up!"

"No."

"You're not going to lift up?"

She shook her head.

"Are you saying that I need to take care of this myself?"

She nodded.

I lifted her out of her chair and was about to carry her into our new bedroom when I realized - no roommates would be bothering us. I sat her on the kitchen table instead, and gently pushed her back. When she started to get up, I restrained her and once again, pushed her down. The reality of our newfound privacy finally dawned on her. When her back hit the table, she raised her hips. I pulled her sport briefs down and ceremoniously dropped them on the floor.

I held her feet together and straightened her legs, holding them nearly vertical. I kissed and licked the back of her calves, knees, thighs and butt. I came close to, but avoided direct contact with, her juicy little muffin or her little starfish. Although, I did blow lightly on both of them - repeatedly. 

One of my particular, or peculiar, joys in life is to have a woman beg for it in that whimpering voice of need, bordering on desperation. Lynne sometimes tries to resist begging for as long as possible…today she was quick to whimper.

I licked closer and closer to her slit. Her lips were swollen and slick. Her scent was magnificent, and I inhaled deeply enjoying its aphrodisiac-like quality. I s-l-o-w-l-y licked up one side of her slit and then s-l-o-w-l-y down the other. At the bottom, I pushed my tongue against her perineum a couple of times then reversed course, going up and down again. 

She wiggled her hips around trying to compel me to make direct contact, but I had her calves firmly in hand - so I continued to torment her. Her whimpers became more voluble, and moans gave way to words. "Come on sweetie, quit torturing me." I slowly spread her legs apart. I licked between her lips and circled around her clit. 

"No, up, over a little, no the other way, ohhh."

I lowered her legs and pushed her knees wide apart. I quit licking and looked up as I slowly inserted my index finger into her. 

"Ohhhhhh, go back to licking. C'mon Jeffery lick it. Lick it for me and I'll lick it for you real, real good." She was trying to bargain, but the need in her eyes was unmistakable - I had her right where I wanted her.

I could have fingered her to orgasm, I could've licked her to orgasm, I'm pretty sure at this point, I could have fucked her to orgasm - but I didn't. Instead I hooked my finger up and stroked the inside of her cunt. I matched the motion of my inside finger with my left hand as I pressed down on her mons from above.

Lynne started to shake pretty good so I returned to a slow methodical lick of her now very erect and exposed clit. She panted and spasmed. I decided to send her over the edge. I sucked her clit into my mouth and tongue-twacked her. Think of a clit like a boxing speed bag being knocked back and forth by a boxer. That's what my tongue was doing to her clit. You could never do this early in an oral session, way too much stimulation. But once she was close to cumming -whoa baby! 

Now if I'm in a nasty mood, I'll often stop and start at this stage until she's either frantically begging me or cussing me out. It's how I got her to try anal sex once - only once. She didn't actually complain about getting plugged in the butt, but I could tell she wasn't into it either. 

I soldiered on with her clit until she came with an ear-pounding scream.

When she was finally able to focus on me again, I smiled and let go of her legs. "Come on woman. We got more work to do." And I turned away and walked quickly out of the room. A very loud "You bastard!" followed me through the door. Man, I was nearly in hysterics. You see, Lynne really likes (actually she usually insists on it) to be fucked after a clitoral orgasm. A clittie pop gets her so revved up that she needs the old salami - right now! However, if I can delay her gratification, she'll just get hornier by the minute. If I could keep her unfulfilled until later tonight then I would be in for one hot wild weekend.

"You think you're so smart. I know what you're doing. You think because I'm all hot and bothered that I'll be your little sex slut tonight." She was trying to tough it out. She didn't stand a chance. 

"Honey, I know you'll be my little sex slut tonight. And do you know what makes it even better? The fact that you know it too."

She glared at me, "Asshole."

"Well I haven't given much thought to what we'd do tonight, but that is certainly a possibility." 

She was about to spew innumerable colorful invectives my way, so I employed a surefire tension diffuser - really lame humor. "Don't vorry little girl ze good doctor vill make it all better. Vone little injection is all you vill need." 

She stood open mouthed, then rolled her eyes and started to laugh. "Should I get a magnifying glass? I'm not sure something that small can work." 

"What?! You mean to tell me that you've never seen one of these?!" I spun quickly around. She followed my gaze downward to see my erect cock sticking straight out through my unzipped pants. I thrust my hips forward and walked toward her.

"Put that thing away before it goes off or something." She was laughing pretty hard now. Even better then getting a girl drunk so that you can have sex with her is getting her laughing. She has no excuse the next day, and a horny girl laughing is very open to new and potentially really perverted activities.

"That's exactly what I had in mind - did you remember to put your shorts back on?" Suddenly aware of her own nudity, she took off fast for the kitchen. I was in hot pursuit. She was bending over to pick up her briefs when I saw her. "Just the position I need - don't move a muscle." 

She screamed as she sprang to the other side of the table. "No. Put that away. And stop pointing it at me like that."

I slowly circled to the left. She had no escape. It was just a matter of reeling her in. She cast a quick glance at the backdoor.

"Go ahead Lynne. I can hear the neighbors now, 'Yeah, she was as naked as the day she was born alright, fine looking ass too.' and then he nailed her right there in the yard." Her eyes widen in stunned disbelief. 

"You wouldn't."

I nodded my head.

"I thought you loved me?"

I kept nodding.

"You would fuck me in the yard? Where everyone could see or hear us?"

While I was stupidly nodding, she bolted for the door and was out before I could react. When I got outside, I heard the side yard gate slam shut. Damn, she was going for the front door. I turned around and cut back through the kitchen. By a miracle, I got to the door before she did and turned the latch. Ha! Now she would have to double back to the kitchen.

I was just about to turn and head back to the kitchen to lock the backdoor when I heard her, only she wasn't on the other side of the front door, she was behind me.

"You would have locked me out?" I turned slowly to face her. I sheepishly grinned and half shrugged my shoulders.

"You would have left me bare-assed naked in front of our new neighbors? Before we'd even met them?" I was so tempted to make a tasteless comment about first impressions and just how hot her ass was, naked. 

"Oh, I get it Jeffery. You wanted me on display; you wanted them to see me. Oh, I know what you wanted me to do for our new neighbors…" Lynne pinched her nipples up and did a little bump and grind dance. Now I am definitely not one of those jealous kind of guys that gets all upset if someone is checking Lynne out, but I certainly didn't want a bunch of leering neighbors knowing how hot Lynne was until I was sure. Okay, I may not be the jealous type, but I am a little insecure.

"Oh baby, you know I wouldn't have done anything to em-BARE ASS you." Sorry, I couldn't resist, and anyway I could tell by her tone that she wasn't really pissed. 

"I think you've been a very bad boy. I think that I am going to have to re-establish a certain level of respect here. Yes, you need to show me a little respect Jeffrey. Take your clothes off and lie down on your back. Get on the floor now." 

I was naked in about ten seconds and supine in three more.

"Hands behind your head - no touching the goodies you naughty boy." She straddled my hips and slowly squatted down. I don't know about you, but the sight on a woman squatting flat footed over your hard cock is one hot and nasty visual. I mean everything just seems to open up before you. If she's kneeling over you then all you see is her upper body and feel her hand on your cock as she lines you up. But squatting - oh man.

Lynne's a former gymnast so she's very strong and flexible in her hips and legs, and she does this knee splayed out squat thing that just about pops my cork every time she does it. I was so hard now that my cock was throbbing. She squatted down until her cunt lips were pressing down on the shaft of my cock, and then she rock forward. She pinned my forearms and slid her cunt slowly forward until her lips moved over my cock head. Then she slid back down. Up and down she slid -talk about being locked out at the gates of heaven! She knew she was driving me crazy, and I had to play along - I knew the rules.

Lynne and I have always had this competitive sex thing between us. When we're between the sheets we make love - sweet, sweet love. But when we're not in the bedroom…well, we engage in this weird shifting dominant/submissive or tease me/please me thing. The word 'respect' was her challenge to me to be compliant and submissive. 

This was maybe our trickiest game, at least for me. She could really push my buttons when she wanted, and this game played on my male insecurities. She knew me too well - I was supposed to just "take it" - no resistance, no initiative, just take it. She had a whole bunch of ball-draining sex techniques to use as the carrot. Her stick - she would be the bitch, and the bitch could get nasty, dirty nasty. Whoever gave in first - lost. All I had to do to win was just lie there and not move. 

She tried to tease me into lifting my hips. She tried to get me to make more contact or to push into her. I was getting all kinds of twitchy as she worked me into a hot lather. The next time she was over my cock head, I flexed my cock - I had a bad feeling about this.

"Oh…oh so now you want to put it in me. Is that it? You know you're gonna lift those hips real soon baby. I can see it in your eyes. You really need to be inside me. Oh yeah baby. Ah, I'm getting close." 

She slid up and down my shaft, pausing to roll her hips over my cock head then swiveled. She leaned forward so that I knew she was stimulating her clit now.

"Oh Jeff, Jeff, I'm so close…so close." Shit! She's already come once this afternoon if she came again she'd be good for the afternoon, maybe even the whole night, and I'd be the one left high and dry. I hated being the frustrated one. 

She slid down me again and pushed her lips hard on me. She was dripping wet. I moaned, even though I didn't want to - I wasn't gonna make it.

"Come on Jeff. You want it Jeffie-baby. You know I'm gonna come real soon, Jef-fie. It would feel soooo good to have your hard cock cumming inside me - so good."

She fluttered her eyes. Her orgasm was imminent. I fought the urge to move, I didn't want to lose. I know, I know you're saying "Oh for god sakes just fuck her already?!" And you're right because if I move, well, I win too because I'll fuck her bow-legged. It's just that I don't want to listen to a lot of "You may be the good doctor, but I'm the one in charge here." Shit. My male pride was at stake, the honor of my sex, the…oh fuck it. I arched my hips up and sunk my cock into her hot wet cunt.

Lynne let loose a cry of victory as she pistoned up and down on my shaft as she revved her flat-footed, squatting fuck into high gear. I was in absolute bliss - the angle of entry, the friction, the speed of movement - oh, man! I will be forever indebted to whoever taught her how to fuck like this. (She refuses to divulge any names.)

She fucking blows me away when she does this. The kicker is that it really doesn't do much for her pleasure because she has to concentrate so hard so as not to bend anything incorrectly - a small detail that I truly appreciate. I was getting close though. She slowed her motion and started to work her inner cunt muscles.

I didn't have a chance -I felt my cock swell up and as the first spasm hit…

WHATTHE FUCK?! She pulled off of my cock causing it to slap down on my stomach; she was right behind and settled her weight onto the base of the shaft as the first spurt of cum squirted out.

"AHHHHH!" Splat, right in the center of my chest. She rolled her hips forward milking my shaft.

"AHHHHH!" Splat, a long rope was shooting over my head. Damn! It's in my hair. She rolled me again.

"AHHHHH!" Splat, landing right on my chin, and then my stomach. Finally, a long sustained ooze poured into my pubic hair as my ejaculation continued. Talk about your messy orgasm - cum, my cum was dripping everywhere on me. She was going to pay for this.

Lynne gripped my forearms and straightened her legs bending triumphantly over me. She started to rub my cum into my skin. "What's my name bitch?" She loved to pay the tough chick. 

I loved her playing the 'tough chick.' Why? Mostly because the tough chick really liked to be fucked - a lot. If I played my cards right this night would hold great promise.

"C'mon bitch answer me! What's my name you little cum slut!"

I didn't answer. I couldn't answer. I was speechless. There was a woman standing in the doorway to our kitchen - she appeared to be in a state of shock. She was staring right at Lynne's cunt.

Lynne wiggled her hips a little and asked me again. "What's my name you fucking worthless cunt?"

"I don't know your name. Mine's Jennifer. I live next door. Please don't hurt me."