 I'm laying naked in my own bed, my arm around a remarkably fit, athletic young woman, also naked, recuperating a little after we've done everything we could with each other sexually. She's fondling my butt and sort of nibbling on my neck. As she starts to say something, she moves one leg partially up over me so that I can feel her wet pussy on my thigh, leaking out a combination of her cum and mine.

"When I was on your team, I used to try and imagine your cock all the time, I really wanted to suck on it."

"Yes, so you told me. And I told you that as desirable as you were, and are, I couldn't mess around with a student. But now that you've done it, was it as good as you thought it would be."

"Oh, way yeah, I really love cocks and yours is great. Some guys cum as soon as you touch them, I got to really enjoy you for a long time before you came. Was I any good?"

"You were terrific, Kelly. You seemed to really enjoy it, want to do it,"

"Oh, I did. It was almost as good as what you did to me next. I've talked two other guys into licking me and I liked it. But they were just doing me a favor. You went for me like I did you, like you really wanted to and liked doing it."

"I did. You have a really great pussy Kelly, firm and tasty. I think maybe I like pussies as much as you like cocks. So let me ask you the same, was I any good?"

"Brian, I've never felt anything as good in my life. It was fantastic . And you didn't stop when I came. I must have had three orgasms while you just kept sucking my clit and licking me and fingering me. It was like a life changing experience but now I'm spoiled. Other guys will probably never do me as good."

"Don't be too sure. There are lots of guys that love eating pussy. What I wanted to do was get you so high, that when I shoved my cock into you, you'd go right on having more orgasms.'

"Well, you did that." She moves her hips and rubs her pussy against me. She doesn't shave and I can feel her pubic hair almost abrading me. "That was as good a fuck as I've ever had. Now what I'd like is to have another one and see if we can do even better."

"Well, I'm not ready yet. Your insides sort of milked me dry on that first one."

She grins and moves her leg off me and reaches down and grasps my sticky cock. "Yeah, it's hard to imagine this little thingy could make me feel that great. How do we get it up and ready again?"

"You must have run into this often. I bet you always want more."

She gives me this shit-eating grin. "Yeah, I do. Always. But like now, it always takes some time."

"Well, you could probably hurry it up if you really wanted to."

"What? Hell yeah I want to."

"It's nothing but blood in there that makes it big and hard. That's why they joke about guys not being able to think with an erection, it's like all the blood leaves their brain and goes into their cock. You could suck more blood into it."

She gives me another grin and sort of jumps away from me. She looks down at my cock, still small but not quite as shriveled as it once was. "You think?" she says and leans down over it, still holding it, and gets her lips around it and starts to suck, like she was pulling a really thick shake up through a straw. It's an interesting feeling. "It tastes different, sort of a stronger flavor."

"That's you you're tasting. That's your cum and fluids coating it since it was just inside you. If you like it, you're probably getting a slight taste of what you taste like to me. If you were a good enough contortionist, maybe you could even eat yourself."

She looks up at me with a grin. "Stop with the jokes, think sexy and get this thing hard again." Then she gets her lips around it and starts really working on it again. And it works. Within just a couple minutes, I'm plenty hard enough to function and she pushes me on my back, straddles me and drops herself down on me, taking my cock up inside her.

She rides me, bouncing and jumping and moving, feeling my cock move inside her. It's a great feeling, having a desirable female body above you, giving you a good view of her entire body as she fucks you and enjoys herself. And, of course, you enjoy the feelings, too. "You've got a great body, Kelly'" I tell her. She just looks up and stares at the ceiling, internalizing all the feelings she's getting from having her vagina ride my cock. She's gorgeous. Dark hair bouncing as she bounces. Even her breasts, which aren't huge but good enough, bounce as she fucks me. I can see my cock disappearing into her little forest of stiff dark hair. In her own way, she's pretty much a nature girl. Doing things naturally.

Then she looks down at me and grins. "You know, Brian, I've never known a hornier bunch of females than your soccer team. Every girl on that team was fucking guys. Every one, Even Charlotte, that you wouldn't expect. At the beach, she'd take different guys, sometimes guys she just met and didn't know, back to a Cabana and blow them. I've been on other girls teams but I've never known a hornier bunch than your team. I wasn't the only one. Everyone wanted to suck your cock. Seriously. Every one."

Maybe I should take a break to explain something. I graduated high school, went to college, got my degree and got a job teaching in a high school. Tenth grade math. Algebra. Almost accidentally, because they needed some one, I also ended up the girl's soccer team coach. I've now coached four years. The fifth willl start in a month or so. And we've actually done very well. Always make it to the play offs. Kelly was a senior on my team last year and is now a college freshman. I've never messed around with my students. Even had to almost fight them off at times. Like Kelly. She came up to me and told me she wanted to suck my cock. Please, she said. Said that I'd really enjoy it. But I never did. I have fucked a lot of them since, just like I'm doing now with Kelly. I mean, she's easily old enough now. Obviously far from a virgin. And very horny. So why not.

I should add something more, though. Her remark about how horny the girls on my team were is probably true. And that's my fault. Well, I don't know about fault. But it's because of me. At least partly.

In college, I was like most guys. My real major was girls. I tried to fuck as often as possible. Some guys want to do it steady with one girl, others with any girl that's available. I was like the latter, I did it with every girl I could. The other thing true about guys, at least the guys I knew, was computers. Everyone in college uses computers all the time. I was good at math and good with computers. I don't mean like a professional programmer, although I bet I could have learned that. But I understand computers and how they work and got very good with them.

A good friend of mine got me involved in his plan to get his girl friend to suck his cock. I mean, she fucked. She loved him to eat her. But for some reason, she didn't suck his cock. He had it all figured out, using subliminal messages, he would make her want to suck him. He was in what I called the Film School, although it probably had some other official name. Probably you already know this but motion pictures aren't really in motion. They're actually a long series of individual photos that are shown in sequence so fast that the viewer's brain doesn't have time to register individual frames but instead reads the sequence as motion. In projectors, films are shown sixteen frames a second. It's easy to edit film, cut out or add frames. DVDs are digital, are very slightly different but basically the same thing. With the right computer, monitor and program, it's easy to edit them, also add or delete frames.

It's been learned, apparently, that you can toss in a single frame every once in a while as a subliminal message. The viewer will never realize they've seen that single frame, they'll still see the motion picture. But subliminally, the brain remembers seeing the occasional single frame even though the viewer doesn't consciously remember seeing it. So, it's possible to get a message across subliminally. It's been used in advertising.

So, what my friend did was get a DVD of a chick film that he knew his girl would want to see. He also got a DVD of a good porn film. He used me and my ability with computers, to insert single frames from the porn film into the chick film. What he wanted to do was give her the message that cocks tasted good. So he would show a picture of a cock, then a picture of a hamburger, then a cock, then some ice cream, then a cock. Then pictures of a girl licking a cock and smiling and acting as if she thought it was delicious. Then on to pictures of the girl sucking the cock until it finally sprayed cum into her mouth. Then pictures showing her swallowing and licking her lips. 

There were a lot of technical problems. You can only insert a single frame every so often so that it doesn't become obvious. And, you can't interrupt the motion too much, so the single frame ends up having to take the place of one of the motion frames. At least in part, that 's because the sound or audio can't get interrupted or it becomes noticeable.

Well, not to belabor the point, his plot worked. Before the movie was over, she had his cock out and sucked him off until he came and she swallowed. And loved every moment of it. I should add that, a few months later they broke up because he discovered she was blowing other guys. It worked too well.

So, I ended up coaching soccer. Girl's soccer. I played soccer for years and knew the game but didn't know coaching. So I bought several DVDs that were to help teach the girls how they should play, how a game should be strategized, and so on. Actually, to help teach me how to coach, too. Basically, coaching films. And the first year, I used them and they seemed to work and we did o.k. I also realized how sexy a lot of the girls were at sixteen to nineteen years old. I had to hide my hard-on often.. I had no intention to ever do anything sexy with any of them. A student doing anything with a teacher would be really bad news. There was one girl on that first team, a senior named Leah, that was everything I'd ever want in a female. She was pretty, had a great body, great personality, lots of laughs, a really great athlete, the leader of the team. It was difficult to not try and do anything with her. I mean, she was eighteen or nineteen and I was twenty-three, not a bad match. I'd masturbate at night thinking about her. But I did nothing about it with her. She graduated and is off at college somewhere now, probably making all A's.

Anyway, I still had the porn DVD and for some weird reason, I did with one of the coaching films what my friend and I had done with the chick film. I inserted the frames that made cock sucking seem desirable. Then, since there was a lot more on the porn film, I took frames from it and inserted a sequence in another of my coaching films that showed how desirable pussy licking was. How much a girl enjoys having her pussy eaten. Then in a third coaching film I inserted fucking frames, frames that made fucking seem something desirable. Truthfully, I don't think I realized at all what I was doing. I was just fooling around. 

However, my second year of coaching I used the coaching films with the subliminal sex message in them. That changed things.

The first time I showed the first video and then had the girls go out on the field and practice what was on the video, a girl came up to me at the end of practice. Melissa. She was one of those girls that makes you wonder if they're fifteen or thirty five. I mean she was built. She had the social experience of an eighteen year old, at least I think that's what she was at the time, but a full blown body that might be the best she'll ever be. Anyway, all the girls are headed into the gym to shower, change cloths and go home. School and practice was over. 

Melissa says, "Mister Sablonsky," and walks up to me, about half way between the field and the school building. We're alone. "Can I ask you something?"

"Sure," I answered, assuming it had something to do with soccer. 

"I want to find out more about sex," she says.

Shit. Why me? "Melissa, that's probably something you should ask your parents, not me."

"I can't ask them, I know what they'll say, 'Just don't'. And that's not realistic. I mean I really want to. But they won't answer any questions."

"Well, look, Melissa. I'm not sure I'm too good at handling my own life, let alone be the one telling you how to handle yours. And sex. Well, that can cause all sorts of problems for me if it gets around I'm talking about it with a student."

"Yeah, but you're young and single and closer to my age. So what you do is closer to what I could do."

"That might be but I absolutely can't tell you what to do when it comes to sex."

"Well then don't tell me what to do. Just answer my questions honestly."

Shit. How do I handle this. "O.k., let's try. But if it gets too much I want to be able to stop."

"Sure," she says and then grins, like a light went on in her head. "Do you have sex with women?"

"Me?" What do I do?

"Yes, you."

"Well, honestly, yes. I do. But I'm older than you, it's different."

"Do you do oral?"

"Oh, crap, Melissa, this isn't for the school paper or something is it?"

"No, nothing like that. I just want to find out something for myself."

"O.k., then, well, yes."

"So girls do you orally."

"Well, yes."

"So they like it."

"Well, you'd have to ask them but, yeah, obviously they do or they wouldn't do it."

"So I'd probably like it."

"Oh, God, Melissa, we're getting too far into this. No, I'm not going to do anything with a student."

"I didn't mean with you. My boy friend says he wants me to and I've been thinking about it."

"Melissa, never do anything about sex just because someone else wants you to. Only do what you want. You're a girl. There's pregnancy. There's disease. You have to be really careful. The safest thing is to not do anything. But whatever, don't ever do it just because someone else wants you to. Be in charge of your own body. At the very least, even if you want to, get him to agree to do something for you, too. I mean, guys can do oral on girls, too." And with that, I got the Hell out of there and she stood behind me for a minute grinning and thinking. 

A lot later, months after soccer was over and she was about to graduate, she stopped me in the hall one time. "Thanks for the advice Mister Sablonsky. I think I've had the best sex life of any senior in the school because of you." And she grinned and hurried away. I had to think a moment before I remembered our brief conversation months before.

But she was just the first of many. I had similarly awkward conversations with many soccer players from then on. Several, like Kelly, outright propositioned me. But I always stopped them. I never fooled around with students. Several, like Kelly, came back later and then things were different. Some have come back over and over for several years.

But back to Kelly. She's riding me, bouncing on me, feeling my cock move inside her. I can tell from her look that she's about to orgasm. Then she does. She stops moving for a moment, sort of freezes, and I can feel her juices running onto me. Then, after just a moment, she looks down at me with a big grin. "That was really good," she almost murmurs, a happy look on her face.

"Let's roll over, let me pound into you a while,' I say to her. She grins some more and lifts off me and moves one leg over me to kneel at my side. "Just stay like that a moment, let me get behind you," I tell her. She's experienced this before. She spreads her legs, leans her head down on the bed and leaves her butt sticking up as I move between her legs and get aimed back into her vagina. She's all ready so I don't even hesitate but just shove all the way into her in one, quick motion. She grunts a little. Then I start pulling out and pounding back in, as fast and as hard as I can manage. Every time I piston into her she grunts. She starts shoving her butt back at me, trying to get into the action herself. We're really banging hard into one another. I have my hands on her hips. She's lifted her head up some and is sort of using her lower arms and legs as a platform to support her body while she moves the rest of her body back and forth, fucking me almost as much as I'm fucking her. 

Again I can feel her hesitate and freeze slightly, then her juices start out around where my cock is filling her vagina. She's cumming for what must be the sixth or seventh time this evening. I lean over her and get one hand on her breasts and another on her clit as I continue to slide in and out of her. I don't know whether she has another orgasm or just keeps one going but she's obviously far into this. I pull out and push her down flat and then roll her over onto her back and get between her legs again and push back into her. Her legs come up around me. I kiss her forehead, which is all I can reach with my lips as I fuck her missionary style. I want to satisfy her if I can. This will be my third orgasm and she's the type that will want to fuck all night long and I'm not sure how much more I can manage. I've run into this before with these young ones, they always want more. Not that I'm that old yet. I'm now twenty seven to her nineteen. Maybe I can stall her by sharing a shower. It might even help me get it up again. And then I'll eat her to another couple orgasms and maybe by then I'll be up enough to fuck almost the rest of the night. She'll be going back to college in a day or so and I guess I can recuperate then. Unless some other one of my ex-players has a school break and comes after me.

For the last three years, after my second, third and fourth years of coaching, I've had girls that were on my team but are now in college coming back on their school breaks to get me to have sex with them. I'm about ready to start my fifth year of coaching. The high school girl's soccer season starts in October and runs into as late as February if we keep winning during play offs. In the Fall after my second year, the first year I showed the girls the subliminal sex messages in the teaching videos, I had four girls who had graduated and either were working or in college come to me for sex. Which I was glad to supply. Each of them came back again later in the school year. Then a fifth one came around, then a little later, a sixth one. I had all the sex I could handle that winter, then on into spring and summer. 

The following year, four of those six were still coming around but four more started. Then two more a little later. At Christmas break, I had to hand out appointments and ration myself. Now this year, more are showing up. Like Kelly. I have too many girls wanting sex from me. I never thought I could have that happen. But here it is. I am not going to use the videos with subliminal messages in them this year. I can't handle it. I'll just use the original coaching videos.

I lived through Kelly and on Monday was back at school for the beginning of another year. Funny, I think a lot of fucking sort of prepares you for a lot more of it. I mean doing a lot of it lets me last at it better than if I was doing very little of it. But it also leaves me thinking about sex a lot. And how much I love it. Then I get a surprise. Leah, the girl in my first year team that I thought was about as good a female as their could be, is walking down the hall at school. Since I saw her while I still had sex on my mind, I ended up having sexual thoughts of her. Which would probably surprise her since neither of us had ever given each other any such indication and it's now been several years.

"Leah," I exclaim, probably a little too loudly.

She looks and sees me and smiles. "Mister Sablonsky," she says.

"No, Brian. You're not a student here any more."
