 Halloween was always Daren's favorite holiday. It was fun and surprising and had an air of possibility about it. Anything could happen! He had to admit that in nearly 50 years, nothing totally unexpected ever HAD happened, but the chance was there. 

This year, like the last five, he and his wife were going next door to spend the evening. The kids had gone out with friends to a great party and were not due back until late. He and Lori always made their house all dark and went next door to help hand out candy and spend the evening with Sue and Dave. They cooked on the grill, sitting on the patio and having a few drinks before going in to ready the candy bowl for the onslaught. As soon as it became dark, the doorbell began ringing. They took turns answering and handing out the goodies. Daren thought he noticed the same car out front each time he had door-duty, but shrugged it off. 

They continued sipping drinks and laughing together as the kids made a steady path to the door. As he returned from the door for the millionth time, Lori asked him to go to their house to pick up a package she had for Sue. Everyone was feeling a little tipsy and happy. Lori was being exceptionally friendly and intimate. Daren hated to leave that. But he also wanted a little break from all the short ghosts and witches, so he agreed to go. He slipped out the back and went to his kitchen door, unlocking and opening it a little clumsily. 

As he entered the kitchen, he heard a soft voice behind him. He had just switched on the light when a woman stepped into the room after him. He noted her form-fitting black cat costume, a pretty furry tail swaying behind her. Her hair was short and silver-streaked, a jeweled mask covering her upper face, but highlighting her sparkling eyes. She told him not to worry, he was perfectly safe with her, and then she turned off the light. 

They stood still in the kitchen for a minute, their eyes adjusting to the darkness. She pulled the door closed and locked it, smiling at Daren and talking softly. She said she had been watching him and waiting for her chance to be alone with him. As she spoke, she walked straight up to Daren, until she was totally invading his private space, and filling his head with her vanilla scent. He could feel her soft breath on his chin, her warmth against his shirt. Her fingernails were sliding slowly up and down his arms, and he could feel their sharpness through the fabric. He shivered slightly. She looked up at him and began licking him, making long strokes up to his mouth, licking his lips and chin. 

She sighed as she tasted him, her nipples hardening against his chest. He put his hands on her tight ass, pulling her closer to him. She was talking softly again, explaining that she only had a few minutes until her group was meeting her. She and her friends were expected at a party a few blocks away, but she had seen him framed in the doorway, giving out candy, and she knew she had to have him. She had parked out front and waited for his turns to give candy so she could study him. As she spoke to him, her hands were moving restlessly over his body, down his ass, up his thighs.

"What I want," she whispered, "is a fast, deep, hard fuck. A Halloween quickie." 

She could tell from his breathing that he approved of the idea. Her hands quickly moved to his buckle and undid it, and opened his pants, pushing them down to the floor. Her hand slid into his shorts, grasping his hard cock and massaging it, allowing the pre-come to lubricate her palm as she held him. She guided his other hand between her legs, his fingers to finding the snaps there. He pulled them open and felt the opening in her fishnet stockings, allowing his finger access to her hot pussy. He slid his fingers into her, feeling her pink warmth and wetness, moving them in and out, hearing her moan. 

Abruptly, she pulled away. She told him they didn't have time for that, she needed fucking. He lifted her onto the kitchen counter, HIS kitchen counter, in his house! His wife was only steps away, laughing and giving out candy. The reality of the entire situation was making him more excited than he could ever remember. As she sat on the counter, she spread her legs and moved closer to him. She asked him to lick her, touch her clit with his tongue, please. He lowered her head to her warm center, his mouth hungrily sucking on her wet slit, his tongue trying to reach deep into her. He pulled on the crotch of her stockings, allowing him more access to her sweetness. 

She was so incredibly wet and swollen. His tongue circled her clit and then slid back to her cunt. He drove his tongue into her, over and over, as she moaned and rocked against him. Her fingers, in his hair, pulled him closer to her curlies. He inhaled her musky vanilla scent, his cock straining for release. Suddenly, her fingers were pushing him away. She lightly jumped down from the counter and took his hand, leading him to a chair. He sat down, his cock hard and throbbing. She straddled his lap and lowered herself down on him, guiding him into her with her soft, little hand. His thick cock head popped into her, making her smile. She continued to raise and lower herself, smiling with each POP of his cock entering her. Finally, she just wanted him too much to play anymore. She impaled herself on him, lowering the heat and pinkness of her cunt completely over him. 

She held his face in her hands and kissed his mouth, tasting herself on him, moving her needy body up and down with rapid strokes. He slipped one finger between them, touching her clit, circling it. He felt her tensing and listened as her breathing became ragged. She stopped moving and then cried out, her muscles tightening around his cock and then throbbing furiously as her orgasm shook her. She called out to him, begging him to come inside her. She wanted to party with his come deep inside, oozing out throughout the evening. 

The combination of her words and her pulsing muscles was too much, and he came hard, feeling his come spurting inside her warmth. They clung together as they regained composure. As he started to soften and slip from her pink, she dropped to her knees and daintily cleaned his exhausted cock. She licked it clean with soft, gentle strokes. As he stood, she helped him dress. She took his hand and slid it into her pussy, all soft and wet now. He smiled at her and helped her snap her costume. One gentle kiss and she was gone, as quickly as she had arrived. He stood in the kitchen, totally unable to remember why he was there, but smiling happily.

Halloween was always Daren's favorite holiday. It was fun and surprising and had an air of possibility about it. Anything could happen! The chance was there...