 The last chapter in the experiences of our ageing skirt chaser who never gives up. Best read the earlier chapters to get to know him and the other protagonists.

A reminder that I published this story a few years ago under a different name; it has been edited and improved (I hope.)

If you like it, vote or comment or both! Any reflection is welcome.

*****

WHAT'S IN A DRY OLD FUCK?

Chapter Six: Back to business...and pleasure...Mary...a dry old fuck

*

The following week, Mary called again to see where I was on her proposed project, and my secretary arranged a second discussion meeting. I had been thinking about this little Canadian sexpot, but couldn't honestly decide whether it was because of her delightful, plump little body, her amazing cleavage, her soft face and her pretty grey eyes, or because of my professional interest in her very promising investment bonds, which could be in danger of becoming a great seller amongst some of my more courageous clients. 

I came to the conclusion that this almost back-to-form sexagenarian wasn't quite finished yet. There was more fun to be had, and money to be made. In the time left, business and pleasure in equal measures were my goals.

Mary came over late one afternoon, and it turned out to be a very long and intense discussion in my office. I made sure I wore one of my classiest grey business suits, and I knew I looked good. I was out to impress. I knew the body underneath was getting on a bit in years and imperfect, but the external image was right for now.

I had more or less decided to go for Mary's project, but made the most of the meeting to have her go all over it again in some detail, while I surreptitiously admired her form. Her immaculate, softly curled hair, her white blouse, grey suit and slim skirt, black stockings and high heels made her appear every inch the financial services professional. 

The several shirt buttons undone at the top made her every inch the seductress, and now and again I caught a glimpse of pale, flawless breast-skin above a black lacy bra, as she leaned over her files at the other side of my desk. I noticed, too, that those wonderful mammaries were bursting sideways as well as upwards, and began to dream of holding my newly rediscovered erection deeply between them. Now and again, too, I heard the sexiest rustle of stockinged thighs as they rubbed lightly together, and there was a light vanilla odour in the air. Better than tobacco any day, I thought; I was glad she was not a smoker.

I was enjoying this meeting, especially when Mary came back from a brief excursion to the ladies room and made me the gift of another superb view of her cleavage as she bent over her papers. I couldn't help thinking that just one more button would reveal all, as I saw again the edge of her black satin bra peeking at me. I couldn't help wondering if she'd done it on purpose, then remembered what Mike had said about her being a lesbian.

My interest was up, in more ways than one, when she invited herself to dinner. That is to say, waving in front of her face some sort of cereal bar and a bottle of mineral water as her proposed evening meal was hardly the thing for such a pretty, highly promising, tasty looking young executive sales woman, so I felt obliged to invite her to my favourite restaurant. Ever the gentleman. 

I'm not sure whether I really felt that this Mary Barry so-called lesbian was up for seduction. Nor did I know if I was up to the potential challenge if she was. But at least I'd have the pleasure of her company for the rest of the evening, and I knew she would stay with me as long as it took her to get my signature on her project. Just for the moment, future fuck or no future fuck, I held the balance of power.

I phoned Helen to say I'd be late. 

We left our cars in my private office parking spaces and walked to the restaurant in the city centre. I knew there would be no fuck-in-car this evening. Mary didn't know yet, but 'Les Trois Canards' was the best French restaurant in the city. And since the whole team of directors and their staff were my clients, life assurance, investments, pension plans and all, I knew we would be looked after. 

Mary admitted her lack of French culinary experience, and left me to order the meal. I left Antoine, the patron to select an appropriate wine, which he usually did, and always a good one, on the house. One of the advantages of getting close to clients. 

As the evening progressed, as Mary and I tidied up the last detailed steps of our new collaboration together. I kept the brakes on for the time being. After a while, I took off my jacket, and invited Mary to do the same; it was a warm evening and I hoped it might relax her just that little bit more. Jacket off, the view was even better; the wine wasn't clouding my judgement, but I loved what I saw more and more as we went along.

When the food had been mostly eaten, and there were the dessert and dregs of wine to finish, we signed the papers. Mary leaned back, and gave me the loveliest smile, a wide, most seductive smile, her pale grey eyes sparkling. I knew she was pleased with her achievement, and I smiled back my own professional congratulatory smile. I was congratulating myself as much as I was Mary. 'Bravo, Ken,' I thought to myself. 

Mary sighed deeply, drawing my now unabashed, open gaze to her magnificent upper breasts popping out of her blouse. I remarked once again how, not only did those beauties bulge upwards, but seemed to be bursting at the side seams of her blouse too. Those beauties had what it took to make an old many very, very happy. And Mary knew exactly what she had to show; she knew I couldn't keep my eyes off those wonder cushions, and I began to feel more and more that the old seduction routine might be under way. Hers or mine - I wasn't yet sure.

I ordered two cognacs, invited her to call me Ken, and we stopped talking business finally.

Then, after very little small talk, and to my surprise, Mary started to ask what I knew about her sexuality. Or rather what I thought I knew about her sexuality. She just came out with it. I was taken aback at first. Mike had told me a little while ago in Len's Bar a few things he had heard or probably guessed about Mary. I really knew no more, and was secretly quite pleased when she made it clear that she was not just one way, but both ways. Not lesbian, but bi-sexual. Aha, I thought.

It was even more astonishing the way she looked directly at me, now that there were no files and papers to distract us and we were on first name terms. Those pale grey eyes unblinking, leaning forward towards the neutral centre of the dining table, giving me the best view yet of her captivating bosom - if only I could have torn my eyes from her gaze, I could have become inebriated with that inspection. 

She said something like: "You maybe heard that the girl I was with at Len's Bar and I are lesbian lovers?" Before I could formulate a reply, she carried on: "Well yes and no...we are lovers but I'm not a lesbian. Frankly, I enjoy both women and men, Mr. Lawson...Ken. And I'd be very interested to know where you heard that Ashley and I were lovers."

It's not been so very often in this business man's life that I found myself stuck for words when talking to an attractive woman. But right there, in that classy French restaurant, looking over with ever-increasing and less and less sneaky lust at what seemed to me the sexiest and most desirable young woman I had seen for a long time, I have to admit I was...well...stuck for words.

I looked down at my cognac glass warming in my hands, trying to formulate a balanced reply. I opted for a vague kind of comment. I chose badly.

"Well...Mary...I may be from a different generation from yours, but what goes on between consenting adults in private doesn't really concern me." 

By the time the words were out, I was mentally kicking myself to death and beyond for quoting something which was so passé, and managing to sound like an elderly citizen at one and the same time. Luckily, she was far too young to know anything about the requirements to satisfy the law on homosexuality as it might have applied in the sixties.

I realised that since we had signed her contract on the dotted line, this conversation was no longer under my control. Mary had quickly gaining the upper ground, and that was not a good sign. Any potential seduction, even with my rediscovered sexual power, was in danger of slipping away, I thought. I tried to stay Zen.

Whilst inwardly wondering how I might have a chance of finding out whether tonight was a 'man's' night or a 'lady's' night for Mary, or indeed, if she was in the mood for any kind of fuck at all, I tried to maintain my eternally professional poise by looking into her eyes directly and smiling my winning smile, and I waited.

"Perhaps your old friend Mike said something." I looked quickly down at my cognac, then brought the bulb up to my lips and sipped. "Anyway, you seem to be cool about it, Ken." Kule, you bet I am, I thought.

Mary went on to explain what she referred to as her attraction towards cerebral men and her especially physical interest in women, although she made it clear that sex on both sides was equally satisfying to her with the right partner. I was fascinated, badly wanted to ask all sorts of probing questions, but felt I simply didn't know her well enough yet, and might even be out of my depth, having pretty poor knowledge of bi-sexual matters . Then she changed tack just as suddenly as she had the first time.

"Listen Ken, you really do seem cool about what I just said to you, and there's something else I'd like to ask. I'd like to bet you get the same kind of thrill as I do when you close a good business deal, am I right?"

I felt her twinkling eyes searching behind mine for my story, so as my pulse went up a few degrees, I held her intense gaze and answered her with my own question: "What kind of thrill do you mean exactly, Mary? I mean, business for me has always been exciting, it's what I like doing. And the thrills got better once I set up my own enterprise and knew that whatever I earned was for me, that I wasn't working just to make someone else's fortune." Mary's eyes seemed to become brighter.

"Yes, that, but I mean, does closing a profitable deal give you a hardon, Ken? I have a hardon right now, after concluding this great contract with you this evening. The potential is enormous for me in commission terms, and the fact of having wrapped it up with you really does turn me on more than I can recall ever before. Plus you just treated me to an excellent meal in what must be the best restaurant in this city. That makes the feeling more intense, don't you think?"

Wow! My pulse went up another notch, and my cock started to twitch with the image of this delightful little Canadian sales executive less than half my age sitting right there with me, having a hardon. And talking about it in such a frank way. 

There, right opposite me, across the table. I had no problem at all calling up an imaginary picture of her young pudenda and probably swollen clitoris under her slim business grey skirt. I began to let my imagination go further, way down, plunging into make-believe moistness. Maybe this could be the start of something medium sized, I thought. Who knows?

Mary looked unblinkingly into my eyes for what seemed like hours before looking down and speaking again: "But maybe you need to go, Ken, I'd guess there's probably someone waiting for you at home." 

I'd told her nothing about Helen during our many exchanges, but for this bright young Mary it was not at all unreasonable to assume I might have someone. She paused, but I sensed that she might not want to let me reply, to admit to Helen's existence. Without hesitation, I followed her lead.

"Well, first I have to admit, yes, I get those reactions during and especially after an important deal. Yes, doing business has always given me a hardon, as you say, and it's pretty astute of you to work that out. As far as going home is concerned, well, first, I need to take these papers safely back to my office, and don't forget our cars are parked there."

As I made signals to the waiter to bring me the bill, I couldn't help noticing Mary's look of disappointment. Once I had signed for my credit card payment, I allowed her my concentration once again, waiting for another sign of her real intentions.

"Maybe I'll have an opportunity another time to thank you for showing confidence in me, and in our new investment plan. On the other hand, if you're not in a hurry, and you have a bottle of something in your office, maybe my chance to thank you may come a little sooner. What do you say, Ken?" 

I looked at her sort of quizzically, almost naïvely. I felt a little flutter in my chest and a twitch in my trousers, wondering if this was going in a direction which had been unthinkable a couple of hours or so before, in my office. 

I pursed my lips, paused for just the diplomatically appropriate instant, and replied: "I think I can probably find something like a nightcap if that's what you'd like, Mary."

We never opened the bottle. At least, not straight away.

Before we even got back to my office, we found ourselves kissing with unimaginable hunger in the doorway of an estate agents office. At first, Mary wanted to take a look at houses and apartments on offer in the office window, but when she felt my erection against the small of her back, she soon got the message. 

She pushed back firmly, sashayed her body from side to side a couple of times, then spun round, eyes closed. I soon had my hands clutching and squeezing Mary's delicious, bulbous ass, as she stood high on tiptoe, hung on to my neck and thrust her searching tongue way into my mouth. I have to say, her enthusiasm for that first, deep kiss really astonished me, given her youth and my...well...maturity.

My cock was solid. We finally broke off kissing and, with arms around each other's waist, we staggered on wordlessly along the street, around to the rear, private entrance of my office block. I slipped the electronic card into the door, and once inside we grabbed at each other again in the dark lobby and continued deep kissing as though we'd both been without sex for a very long time. In my case, it had been several days since Helen had allowed her rare carnal urges to come to the surface, so I was more than ready.

Mary's hands were around my waist, then squeezing on my ass cheeks, then slipped around the front to take my now throbbing cock in both palms outside my trousers, rubbing them up and down its length, gently and slowly, erotically. Meanwhile, I had finally got my hand onto one of Mary's monstrous breasts outside her crispy white blouse. My hand was incapable of doing justice to its dimensions, but I did my best to caress and squeeze it, to bestow upon it the admiration of an eternal, devoted breast-lover. 

Mary's breathing became ragged, and she started to whimper into my mouth between foraging of tongues.

Hoping none of my co-tenants were working late as we passed in front of several closed office doors in the glow of the emergency lighting, I managed to manoeuvre us both up the stairs to my office suite, and finally inside, where we simply ripped each other's clothing off in double quick time, there in the reception area. I made no effort to turn on lights, as the large front office window was unprotected and our uninhibited activities would have presented a very impressive X-rated performance in cinemascope, for anyone who happened to be looking our way at that particular moment. 

The brightness from the security lighting in the car park outside enabled me to see what I needed to see. 

Very soon Mary was down to black satin bra and thong, and thigh high stockings. Then the bra tumbled, and my eyes were wide with pure lust as I unveiled Mary's heavy, wondrous and firm breasts at last. After gazing at them secretively, hidden by business clothes on several occasions, now I finally had the opportunity to take both beauties in my palms, there, standing up in the middle of my office reception as we kissed. The nipples were huge, and both reached up in the cool air. I touched them with my thumbs, feeling their soft rubbery hardness, making Mary whimper again. She clearly had sensitive nipples. 

My own clothes finished unceremoniously in a pile on the floor, followed by Mary's thong. I let her keep on the stockings, for erotic effect. Mary's hands were busy too. She had one hand tight around the head of my cock and was jacking it very gently, whilst her other was cradling my balls as though they were made of pure crystal.

I had momentary doubts about the attractiveness of my ageing body to a young woman as stunning as Mary; even in the half-light, I knew I couldn't pass myself for an adonis, and I could suck in my abdomen for only so long. I just hoped she wasn't going to say anything about it, that's all. But there was no way I was going to let those doubts stop me from profiting to the full from this opportunity to make love with her. 

Maybe it would be the last adventure of my hedonistic life, and I wanted it to happen.

I had yearned to hold Mary's soft young body against mine, and now was my chance at last. I knelt down in front of her and pulled her hands towards me, intending to fuck her there on the carpeted floor. But she leaned forward, offering me her astonishing tits. They swung in unison, magnetically down and towards me, and I reached up with my mouth, to take a nipple between my lips, sucking gently, then harder, enjoying the feel of it almost filling my mouth. I switched to the other, which was just as sweet, just as tasty, just as firm and rubbery. 

I raised my hands and squeezed and caressed her plump buttocks and then her thighs with my palms as I suckled. Mary whimpered again, softly.

I let go of Mary's nipple, lowered my head and kissed down her soft belly in tiny butterfly kisses, until I arrived at her pudenda, finding that it was hairless. Lovely, I thought, as the tip of my tongue flicked its way down and around her pussy lips, then flattened out to worship her labia. I felt Mary's lower body jerk and heard a loud gasp, as my tongue thrust, opened up and penetrated her cunt lips. Inside, she was very, very wet, and tasted like honey. Within a few seconds she was dripping abundant love juices

"Quick, let's go into your room! I need you to fuck me on your desk. I've been thinking about it all evening." Mary said breathlessly and with obvious excitement in her voice. 

I realised that these were the first words to pass between us since we came out of the restaurant, and perfect for the occasion. Fucking Mary was exactly what I wanted to do right now, and on my desk was just fine. I stood up and allowed her to pull me gently by my erection into my own office, watching her plump but firm ass wobble before me in the half-light. She turned and raised herself on tiptoe to sit on the very edge of my executive oak desk. She opened her arms and legs very wide and very invitingly. "Quick, come here, Ken, come inside me!"

I was delighted to see that Mary was in as much of a hurry as I was. As I stepped between her chubby thighs, she raised them up to my waist level and I suddenly remembered something. No-one had mentioned a condom. Not for the first time in my life, I briefly thought of possible consequences, as well as Mary's and my own reputation, before giving in to the urge to fuck her brains out. 

Mary grabbed my aching cock in her fingers and guided me towards her closely shaven cunt lips, rubbed it up and down against the opening, then against her clitoris, gasping, before losing hold and letting me take over. I eased the swollen head of my cock forward. Mary's opening was so slippery with those honeyed love juices, that my cock end slipped in easily. I paused for effect, withdrew a tiny centimetre, then pushed again, hard, until my entire cock was as deep as it could be inside her vagina. I sighed as I felt the heat and the wetness and the slipperiness engulf my organ. 
