 I've been feeling a little bored by my seduction techniques. I feel like I'm always setting the scene with candles and sexy lingerie, or bubble baths and massages. Tonight, I'm going to pretend it is just dinner. I invite Bryan over to my place for dinner...at least that's what I'm telling him. I lure him with the food—I'm a great cook and he's always very appreciative, and do a bit of bait and switch when he gets there...all that's on the menu (for starters) is me. If he's good, I have made dessert, and I'll feed him that later, but only if he earns it. But I promise, I'm looking like one tasty dish, and smelling like it too, so I am sure he won't feel deprived. I also have some flavored lube, so I'll taste pretty darn good too, once we get there. Going with that food metaphor, I hope he likes it raw, because that's all he's getting tonight...no fancy candles or seduction--just me in an outfit sure to make his eyes pop, some music on the cd player so we can get loud and no one will notice, and skin so soft he'll never want to stop touching me.

I hear the door, and I let out my breath, straighten my spine, and open the door. Matt's eyes widen, since I've come to the door wearing a black velvet burnout negligee...velvet swirls around my breasts, black mesh over the nipples...strategic black velvet swirl pattern over my tummy...the ends of the pattern making a strategic point to lower regions...which are again covered with black mesh...nearly see through, leaving little to the imagination. On my feet, three inch heels; I was tall to begin with and this makes us almost see eye to eye. A good thing tonight. 

I pull him inside, a little roughly and he comments on the lack of dinner smells coming from the kitchen. (This is the first thing he mentions, I think to myself? Maybe I'm wasting my numerous talents on this guy.) Instead of answering I just pull him closer, so he can get a whiff of me...which he does and tells me I smell good enough to eat. With a smirk, I tell him that's the plan. 

I don't give Matt a moment to think or react; I just drag him off to the bedroom. I want him--NOW. I tear his shirt off and lick his chest...move up his neck, bite his chin, and attack his lips with deep hot kisses, tasting him while he tastes me, our tongues fighting it out. I gently suck and nip at his bottom lip while his hands find the bottom of my negligee. He pulls back but instead of taking it off me, he leans forward and licks my nipple through the fabric...Yowza. Shockwaves run through my body as his tongue circles my nipple--then his teeth take what they want...biting, nibbling...bringing me to the edge already. I grab his hair and pull, wanting him to stop, not wanting him to stop. He goes to the other nipple and gives me a moment to breathe. I come back from the edge...but just barely...one more slight push and I might come just from this play--and he knows it, knowing how sensitive my nipples are. 

As he takes a hold of the other one, I run my leg up to his thigh, wrap it around his back, pulling his body closer to mine as I moan and arch my back, pushing myself into his mouth even more. I can't take it, I want him. I reach for his pants, unzipping, unbuttoning, thrusting my hand down inside, grabbing him gently, starting slowly...up and down...feeling that little bit of wetness on the tip. But it's not enough for me, I slip my hand between my legs, to my extremely wet pussy and then I slide my hand back down onto his cock, slipping easily up and down him now. He finally pulls back from my nipples and slides the velvet over my head. He gives my matching black velvet g-string an appreciative look before reaching down and pushing his own pants and shoes off.

Taking the opportunity, I lie back on the back and wait for him with a hungry look in my eyes. I look at his cock and lift my eyebrows...oh nice...now bring that over here big boy. He comes towards the bed but doesn't join me on it. Instead he kneels on the floor, between my legs. Grabbing the panties, he tears them off, grips my thighs, shoving them roughly apart, and then takes a moment to look at me. He looks at my wet pussy lips, my smooth, just waxed pussy and then he leans forward and separates those lips with his tongue--French kissing me down there; his tongue doing things to me that make me moan. I spread my legs wider wanting him deeper inside of me, wanting all of his tongue inside me. But he pulls his tongue back out and instead gives some special attention to my throbbing, swollen clit. While his mouth is there, he slips his thumb inside me, pushing, prodding, making me scream out in surprise and pleasure—he's found the g-spot. I feel the waves coming, my muscles tighten. He feels the muscles of my pussy tighten on his finger so he pushes another inside of me. I'm rocking my hips up pressing against his mouth. I feel one of his hands slipping back between my cheeks and one finger slipping inside me. That's all it takes, I come hard--spasms rock my body, my thighs close together, tightening. He rides the wave though, keep his mouth firmly on me, keeping his fingers inside me so I can't get away from it, and I cum again...right on the heels of the first...hard....raw....

Pulling back, I grab onto his shoulders and pull--as much as I can, I'm feeling a little weak now—him up onto me. I want that cock inside me. I beg for it, and he lets me have what I want, pounding into me. But then he pulls all the way out...such a tease...he presses just the tip inside me, and then brings it up to rub my clit. I moan, so unfair. I want him inside me so I reach down, encircling his shaft with my hand. I start giving him a little hand job, adjust my hips, and then thrust myself up to take him inside me, but never let go of his cock. He begins to pound into me and the sensation of being inside me coupled with me still holding on, rubbing him is intense. He holds his body up off mine so we can both watch as he slides in and out of me—wet, glistening--so hot. As he gets close I start to lift my hips more and tighten my muscles around him. I want his cum all over my body and he gives me what I want, cumming on my stomach. I play with it, and then lick it from my fingers.

I come back from the bathroom--cleanup-- and push him back against the headboard. I lay down, on my belly, between his legs. He reaches out to play with my ass as I angle my head to take his cock into my mouth. At this angle I can take him deep inside my wet hot mouth, sliding up and down his cock. My hand plays with his balls while the other hand assists my mouth as I move up and down. I'm rocking my body forward and back and my nipples and clit are finding friction against the bedcover--and oh yeah it's working--I'm wet, and I'm feeling this. One of his fingers slides between my ass cheeks, playing, just moving up and down, but then he sticks it inside me. I gasp, and take him farther into my mouth, as deep as I can. He leans forward a bit, feeling the back wall of my throat on his cock--a little faster, a little more, intense, raw. That finger inside me is going to make me cum too, but I want us to cum together. We're both so turned on, both so ready. I tighten my muscles, ready whenever he is and I hear him make a sound and I know he's ready. I feel him and taste him cum in my mouth. I feel my body shudder as I cum too. I swallow and draw back, then roll over onto my back. 

I reach under the bed and come up with some flavored lube. I did tell him I was going to be dinner, and then I tell him to do what he wants with it. He grabs my body, turns me over, positions me on all fours, and drags my hips back to his. He comes up onto his knees, taking that bottle of lube and squirting some onto his hands and then warming it between them. He spreads my cheeks and then lubes me up, sliding from front to back...pussy to ass. He sticks his finger inside me, feels me tense, but I can handle it--I want it. He lubes his cock and then leans forward to kiss my back, moving on to lick my shoulder blades. One hand goes into my hair; he uses the other hand to guide himself into me. I gasp when I first feel him enter me and he tightens his grip on my hair. I relax as he gets farther inside. I know it's tight and he goes slowly. I tell him it's good so he slides in some more...and some more. He hears me gasp a few times, but finally he's allll the way inside, and I can feel his balls against my ass. Grabbing my shoulders he rocks into me....and it feels good. We get into a rhythm, but I'm tight and he's loving it. It won't be long. He's gripping me harder, speeding up, pressing into me, pounding now. I'm crying out in pleasure and pain...fuck. He cums inside me, and then his body collapses onto mine. We're spent...one of us is feeling a little more pain than the other...but it was good...

"Ready for dessert?" I ask with a smile.