 I'm in the kitchen cleaning up after getting dessert made ready for the dinner party we are holding that night. I've got some dance music playing in the background and I'm dancing pretty dirty to it. 

You went out to get some things for tonight and I wasn't expecting you back for a while so I start to strip my clothes off as I dance. I'm wearing just my bra and panties when you walk in the door. You stop and stare, watching as I sway my hips, lowering myself into a squat then coming back up again, slowly. I turn around and see you watching me and vamp up the dance, reaching behind me to unclip my bra and toss it away. 

As I bend over in front of you and touch my toes as the song suggests, I reach up and grab the waistband of my panties and slide them down over my butt cheeks and down my legs. I turn back around to see you've tented the front of your pants. I smile seductively at you and dance backwards towards the kitchen table. 

I rest my bum against the edge of the table and lean back wards on the table. I rest on my elbows and slowly slide one leg up and down the other. As you watch I slowly spread my legs. I give you a clear view of everything, my breasts, tummy, pussy, thighs, everything. I hear a strangled noise come from your throat and watch as you kick off one shoe and the other, almost falling over in your haste.

You shuck out of your shirt and fumble to undo you belt and unzip your pants. You quickly push them down your legs impatiently and kick them off. I'm giggling at you as you are thoroughly enjoy my flashing you and cant wait to take advantage of it. You come over to me and I stick my foot out and put it against your chest.

You grab my foot and raise it to your mouth and slowly start to kiss your way up my calf, licking the back of my knee as you come to it. You nip along my thigh, coming ever closer to my hot, wet pussy. You stop suddenly and grab my other leg and repeat the same actions. You look up to see my glazed eyes. Then you look further over my head and see on the bench the left over chocolate mousse for dessert. 

You go to the bench and grab it and bring it to the table. Dipping your finger into the mousse you taste it, saying it tastes good. You then slide your finger along the seam of my pussy lips, making me moan softly. You taste that now too. You lick at your finger saying it tastes just as good. Coming closer to the table you lean down and kiss me, running your tongue along my bottom lip. 

I move one of my legs and brush it against your hard cock. I lift a hand to play with the hair at your nape. You move your mouth down to my neck, nipping and licking. I turn my head slightly and grab your ear lobe between my teeth and nip you. I then breathe my warm breath into your ear and feel you shiver in delight. 

You softly glide a hand up the outside of my leg and over my belly, making my muscles jump with pleasure. You cup my breast then squeeze the nipple making me whimper for your mouth. You oblige by moving closer to them and running your tongue over my erect nipples. I close your lips over one and pull gently at it, then bite it. I toss my head back and moan louder. 

"I want you, so much. Please, I need more", I beg to you. You look up at me and move away from the table. You pull out a chair and move it between my legs. You then reach over and dip your finger in the mousse. As I watch you raise your other hand and slide it up and down my pussy lips, and they open slightly for you. You separate them further and slide your mousse coated finger over my wet pussy. 

You lean forward and flick you tongue at my mousse covered clit, lightly at first and then a little harder. I drop back fully on the table, moaning as you slowly lick at my choc flavoured cunt. You once again dip your finger in the mousse, but this time you dip your finger into me. I spread my legs further, loving the feel of your finger in me as your tongue continues to flick at me. I feel you shift your mouth further down and thrust your tongue into me, seeking the pussy flavoured mousse. You lap at me deeply, making sure you get all the mousse. 

My hips raise off the table, pressing closer to your face. You slip your hands lower, one to my arse, the other to my entrance. You swirl a finger around my rear hole, gently pressing seeking entrance. With your other hand you slide a finger around my entrance, making me raise my hips to try and get your fingers in me. As you thrust 2 fingers into me your tongue makes stabbing motions at my clit. My moans are getting louder. I shift my hands to my breasts and start to play with my nipples, pinching and pulling at them to increase my enjoyment.

You can sense my orgasm getting closer as I toss my head about on the table top. You continue to thrust your fingers in and out of me. Suddenly you shift the chair back and stand up. With the hand that has been in my pussy you dip it into the mousse again and spread it over my nipples. You lean down and start licking and sucking at my nipples as you continue to play with my rear hole. You shift between my legs and gently press against my entrance. 

I feel just the tip of you slide in and then you pull it out again. I whimper, wanting you in me for when I cum. Again you press against me. This time I try to raise my hips, but you pull your hand up from my bum and place it on my hips, keeping me down. You stop licking at my breasts and place both hands on my hips and thrust forward, hard.

I scream in pleasure as you penetrate me hard and fully. You pull back out again but instead of thrusting forward again, rub the tip over my throbbing clit and then around the entrance. I moan in frustration, and you chuckle, knowing that I want this so much but you are in control. I reach between us and grab a hold of your cock and start to stroke you. I look into your eyes and see your eyes glazing over. Now its my turn to chuckle. 

You thrust hard back into me. We both let out a groan as I tighten around you again. You grab my calves and push my legs back towards my chest. We both look down to see you cock sliding in and out of me. It's a massive turn on and you pick up the pace. As if it's not fast enough you drop my legs and grab my hips again. I wrap my legs around your waist and you start pounding me harder and faster, nearly making me scream in pleasure. 

I start to tighten around your cock. I'm telling you harder, faster, deeper. I reach between us and rub at my clit. I can feel the heat start in my toes and work its way up my legs. I'm start to moan louder and as my orgasm hits, I scream your name. My muscles are trying to milk you for your cum and suddenly you throw your head back and let out a hoarse cry as your cum pours deep into me. You lower your head and place light kisses on my lips. I can still feel you twitching in me as we recover from our hard fucking.