 As he waited, Daren contemplated how he came to this. He knew he was captivated by the lovely Kit and would do anything to please her. He also knew she pleased him incredibly. On the phone, she had taken him to levels he had never achieved before. She was the most exciting woman he had ever known or hoped to know. Now he was lying in a hotel bed, naked, a mask in place to blind him, waiting for his mystery lover, his Kit.

He heard the key in the lock, the latch being released, her steps into the room. Suddenly, he could smell her scent, the same, yet different, from the candles burning around him. He could sense her moving closer, almost feel her body heat assailing him. He knew what she wanted, and he gave it to her. She wanted to play this game out completely, be totally in charge. So he stayed still, waiting for her to make the first move. 

He heard the rustle of clothing being removed and could almost feel her relaxing as the clothes came off. Daren felt her weight on the bed as she moved close to him. Her sweet mouth met his, gently moving her lips over his, a magic kiss. Her tongue slipped into his mouth, outlining his lips, playing with his own tongue, exploring. It was the only point of contact. She held her body away from his, only their lips meeting and feeling. He felt her moving away and then return. This time her tongue slipped into his mouth and chilled him. It was icy cold, warming as it moved deeper into his heat. He sucked it gently, allowing her to pull his back into her mouth, sighing deeply as he probed her succulent mouth.

Her fingers began moving over his chest, just her fingertips. Lightly passing over his skin, he was aware of every movement, as if she were leaving a warm pattern on his body. He could feel his cock was erect, swaying above his body, asking for her attention. But her plan was to seduce him. He was in total darkness, his eyes completely covered with the silk mask, and his senses were at their peak. He felt every contact, smelled every scent, heard the tiniest sound. Daren had never felt so absolutely aware of everything. Kit's mouth moved over his chin, down his throat, making its way to his right nipple. As her soft lips closed over his tiny tit, Daren felt a jolt of electricity throughout his body. She sucked the entire nipple deep into her mouth, nursing it and laving it with her tongue. Daren heard himself moaning and felt himself arching up to meet her mouth. She placed her hands on his shoulders and pushed him back to the bed, whispering as she mouthed his nipple, suckled him. 

His cock was throbbing now. He knew there was pre-come pouring down the length of him. He also knew she wasn't ready to touch him yet. It was frustrating, yet exhilarating. He was totally at her mercy, her desires. He tried to make himself slow down, to enjoy her pace. Her fingers were lightly scratching his right nipple as her mouth made love to his left. He allowed himself to reach for her, to slide his fingers into her hair. She did not stop him. He massaged her scalp as she pleasured him, the sensations heightened by the total darkness. Her mouth started moving again. He could feel her tongue, licking broadly down his tummy, moving to his aching manhood. She played with him, circling his belly button, poking and nipping at it.

Finally, she reached his curlies. He felt her bury her face there, heard her inhaling his scent and murmuring approval. As his cock bobbed, he felt it bump into her hair, but she moved away. Her mouth began a voyage around his curlies, licking and nipping, across his tummy, down his groin and back again. Now she was astride his knee, bent over him, licking his tender inner thighs. Her hungry mouth constantly moved, licking and nibbling at his skin as if a banquet prepared just for her. Her hands began to slide up and down his chest, his sides, marking her territory. Her mouth found his balls and engulfed them. Suddenly, he was totally surrounded by the softest, pinkest, hottest mouth. She sucked gently, allowing them to pop out of her mouth and then recapturing them, first one, then the other. Her tongue moved up and down the wrinkled flesh, teasing him and thrilling him. He knew his cock was massive now, needily crying to her with sweet precome that poured from him.

He could feel her velvety thighs on either side of his leg, feel her smoothness on his knee. She was moving herself on his knee, lightly grinding herself on his hairy skin, and sighing softly as she played with him. Just when he thought he could take no more, Kit moved from him. She stood beside the bed, and he knew she was looking at him. He felt her hands touching him, rearranging him until he was lying totally exposed, legs spread open, hands tucked under his hips. She was murmuring to herself as she worked, giggling occasionally. Finally, she was satisfied. 

Ah, she was at the bottom of the bed, moving slowly up to him. Her mouth made love to his legs, his knees and his inner thighs. Daren felt on fire. In his sight-deprived mind, his cock had grown to an absurd length and thickness, something no women could ever ride. He had never known desire like this. Kit's lips were still moving, sliding along his legs, moving slowly toward his aching cock. "Please, hurry!" screamed through his mind. But she moved leisurely, enjoying the game and delaying the ultimate pleasure.

He felt her body between his legs, he felt her breath on his tight balls. Just as he despaired of ever feeling her talented lips on him, her tongue reached out to him and lightly swept over the tip of his cock. She moaned slightly as she tasted his precome, saw his cock bob happily toward her. Using just the tip of her tongue, she began swirling over the head of his cock. Like eating ice cream, she circled him and licked and smoothed. He felt her fit the tip of her tongue into that tiny slit, and the sensation was exquisite. He forced himself to lie still as she made love to his cockhead. Her mouth fastened over just the head, her lips tightly closed just below the rim. She began sucking his head, just the head, into her ravenous mouth. Her tongue continued its swirling activity and the combination of swirling and sucking was overwhelming. 

Just as Daren was afraid he wouldn't be able to take anymore, Kit released the suction and slid her lips all the way down his hard shaft. He felt the head hit the back of her mouth as she enclosed him in her sweetness. Now she slid her lips up and down his shaft, at first slowly, then with more speed. There was an element of suction in her movements and Daren was in heaven. She made love to his cock like it was the only thing in the world. 

She would let his cock pop out of her mouth and run her tongue up and down the underside, dwelling on his hard, tight balls and the tender skin right below. He could hear her as she licked him, sucked him. She made tiny moans of pleasure as she played, he felt she was a woman who truly enjoyed sucking cocks. Daren was not used to a woman who enjoyed doing this. Lori felt it was a last resort activity, something she did if she needed his approval or forgiveness, and then she did it clumsily. Now he had Kit between his legs, totally engrossed in giving him pleasure. He was not sure how much longer he could last. The urge to come was overwhelming him. In his dark world, he could imagine letting his load of creamy come fill her mouth as she hungrily swallowed it. They had still not said a word to each other, all this was done in near silence, total darkness. Daren knew that Kit wanted to be in control. He wanted to let her. He couldn't help wondering if she knew how close he was, how desperately he needed to come. 

In the darkness, he ached to be released. His hips were rising to meet Kit's mouth, his cock was deeply in her hot mouth, and he could hear himself moaning as she fucked his cock with her northern pussy. He felt her mouth release him, felt one last lick of her tongue, one last kiss on his engorged cockhead. Then he heard the most delicious words....."Yes, now!" Kit fitted her mouth over him and drank all his erupting come, sighing happily. 

To Be Continued....