 Beth had gone out early to run some errands while Tom was still asleep. It was a beautiful, sunny day outside, and she felt good. Her boyfriend was finally living with her out in California, they had a place to themselves, and the gorgeous weather just made both of them happy all the time.

She got back to the apartment, and set her bags down on the kitchen table. She went towards the bedroom, to see if Tom was awake yet. Passing the bathroom, she noticed the mirror was all steamed up. This meant that Tom had gotten out of the shower recently. She thought for a moment about some of the fun they've had in showers over the past few years.

The bedroom door was slightly open, and Beth peered inside. Tom was laying on the bed, stroking his hard dick. She watched as Tom played with himself. She liked watching him do this, always had. She wondered what he was thinking about, whether he was thinking about her or not. She decided to enter the bedroom and ask.

"So I'm just curious...whatcha thinking about??" Beth asked.

Tom slowed down, but didn't let go of his dick.

"Wouldn't you like to know?" Tom said with a with a wink.

"I would," said Beth, "I really...really, would."

As she said this she inched closer and closer to him.

"Well, I was thinkin about you," he said.

"Oh yeah? What about me?" she asked.

A big smile came across Tom's face.

"I though about you...with all your clothes off..."

At this Beth began to undress.

"I thought about you comin over to me, hopin onto the bed, and..."

"And what?" Beth asked, as she came over to the bed, and hoped on it, above 

Tom's very hard dick.

"And I thought about how nice it would be, if you were sucking my dick."

"You mean like this?" Beth asked, as she went down, and put her mouth around 

his dick.

Tom shuddered, "Mhmm, exactly like that."

Beth went up and down, up and down. Tom writhed with pleasure. She stopped at one point, and held his dick, while she licked the back it's head. Tom could have exploded as soon as she did that. She saw how good this felt, and immediately went all the way down.

"This is way better than fantasizing about it," said Tom, "but this isn't all I was jackin-it to."

Beth went down a few more times, and then asked, "What else?"

"Well I though about you then climbing up onto my dick..." Beth did this as Tom was saying it, "and thought about how hot it would be to watch you bounce up and down on it."

And so Beth did. Tom loved the sight of this. It looked as if Beth lived for his dick to be inside her. She began making noises to let Tom know how good it felt. He began thrusting into her as well. He held her there for a while, then spun her around, and layed her back on him.

From there he began to thrust up into her, while massaging her breasts. She loved the doubled attention. She loved being touched as well as being fucked. But it wasn't long before Tom took charge again, and flipped both of them around. Her on her back, and him above her. He spread her legs apart as far as they could go, and he began to fuck her harder and harder. She breathed heavily, and began to groan a bit.

"Harder!" she yelled, "harder!"

So Tom fucked her harder, like she asked.

"Oh fuck, ooooooooooohhhhh fuck!" she said in pure ecstasy. She had never been fucked like this before. It felt amazing.

For Tom, it was all about her. He didn't care if he came or not. He slowed down a bit to give her a chance to breathe, but she opened her eyes, and said, "DON'T YOU DARE STOP!"

So Tom sped up again. She began to scream. She put her legs around him, and helped him thrust into her. He reached his hand down to her very wet pussy, and started to rub her clit a bit as her fucked her. This made her scream louder in pleasure than she ever had before.

Tom was about to cum as well, and Beth could sort of see it in his face.

"Gonna cum?" she asked with a smile on his face.

"Oh yeah," he said, smiling right back.

A few more powerful thrusts, and he exploded inside her. She smiled. She liked it when he came, knowing it was all because of her.

But Tom wasn't finished. He was gonna make sure Beth came as well. She was close, but he knew what he had to do to bring her there. So he dived down and began to suck on her clit. She moaned and groaned loudly.

"Yes, yes yes!" she exclaimed.

Tom kept sucking until her legs clapped around his head, she let out one final scream, and went limp. He looked up at her. She was still breathing heavily, but it was slowing down. It took a few moments before she opened her eyes to look at him. She smiled a big smile.

"So...care to take another shower?" she asked.

"I think that sounds like a great idea," said Tom, as a big smile came across his face as well.