 On the third day of my trip I arrived at a small town in Kansas. It was not just any small town, it was her small town.

The trip had been just that, a trip. Damn, it had been tiring, but also exciting. You can't ride a really fast motorcycle with open road in front of you and not excite yourself a little bit. And this machine was really fast, the fastest production motorcycle ever built. The top-end on the big Suzuki was supposed to be 190+ mph, but I sure as hell had never approached that and probably never would. But the 140mph I had seen on this trip had given me a rush, and it had meant I would be with her sooner.

I checked into the motor hotel she had recommended, unpacked the bike, got ice from a machine, and poured Canadian whiskey into a plastic cup. As the heat ran down my throat a warm glow spread through my body as I thought of the woman. The woman. I had come a long way to see "The woman." Hell, she might not even show up. But if she did, it would all be worth it.

I took a long, hot shower, shaved my face and the area below my waist that I have kept hairless for several years. I felt a helluva lot better. Another whiskey and I was feeling mellow. Well, that's two too many for riding the bike, but not the woman, IF she shows. 

I dialed her number. After four rings her answering machine picked up. After a pre-recorded message had run its course, I said, "Hey, sweet stuff. I am here to hold you." I hesitated before hanging up, and she picked up her phone.

"I am here. I was screening my calls so I wouldn't get called out to work. Not tonight. I have been waiting too long for this." My heart beat faster at her words. My cock started to swell as I listened to the woman and I squeezed it without thinking. Yes, I was hot for this woman.

I have to admit that where women are concerned my thermostat is easily influenced. When I see a woman, I automatically wonder how she would be in bed. Any woman. Young, old, fat, thin, it just doesn't make any difference. Goes with the territory, I guess. Just part of being a man. Biologically speaking, and I am a biologist, man's only purpose is to reproduce. But a lot of men wouldn't reproduce just so they would have more mouths to feed. Hence, momma nature made sex with a woman so damned pleasureable that sex is what most men think about most of the time.

But this woman was special. She thought about sex, too. She thought about sex like a man thinks about sex. Most women think about romance. This lady thought about sex. She is my kind of woman. I love women who love sex. Did I mention she is also pretty? Did I mention she is young, young enough to be my daughter? Did I mention she talks (writes) like a slut, but was embarrassed when I told her I wanted to lick her rosebud? Damn, just the right combination of slutiness and innocense to keep my cock hard and my actions gentle. At the same time, I want to protect and fulfill this sweet lady.

I pulled on jeans and a Vanson Leathers T-shirt and waited for the woman. I was thinking of her as I rubbed my cock and savoured the whiskey. There was a tentative knock at my door. I opened the door and she looked at me with a shy grin on her face. "Wanna buy some Girl Scout Cookies, old man?"

"Honey, if you will just step inside, I am sure this old man can find somethig for you," I said leeringly. She laughed.

"Let's get a steak somewhere, babe. You'll have to drive. Booze and bikes just don't mix, especially booze and that two-wheeled beast," I said.

We rode in her F-150 to a local restaurant she knew. We sat in a dimmly lit corner booth and ordered steaks. I slid closer to her and put my arm around her shoulder. I gave her a friendly squeeze and said, "You are cuter than hell, little girl."

She grinned and said, "Thanks, Dad."

"This is not like I thought it would be," she said. "I am not nearly as nervous as I expected to be. You have a calming way about you." 

"Well, thank you sweetie. I like you, too," I said as I laughed out loud. She blushed.

I followed her into my room closing the door behind me. I touched her shoulders and turned her gently to face me. Then my lips met hers and we both moaned softly as I gently pulled out bodies together. 

I slipped my tongue between her teeth, then coaxed her's into my mouth and when I sucked her tongue it felt as if an electric current went through my cock. Damn, how I loved this woman's tongue in my mouth.

As we contined to kiss, my right hand gently began to squeeze her sweet ass. Damn, what an ass. I squeezed her ass and pulled her mons against the hardness in my jeans. She began to girate against my cock. My hand slipped between her ass cheeks and started rubbing her rosebud through silken panties. She shivered with passion. I put my lips to her left ear and whispered, "I am going to have my tongue up your ass, babe." A groan escaped her lips.

I released her, took her by her left hand, and led her to my bed. "Close your eyes, babe. I want to look at you while I undress you, but I don't want you to know what part of you I am looking at." 

I unbuttoned two buttons of her blouse. Then, just when she was adjusting to the idea of me looking at her breats, I quickly pulled her shirt to her ankles, then just as quickly pulled down her panties and placed my nose at her slit as I held her bare ass in my hands. I inhaled deeply as my cock twitched. I think man must have a primeval need to smell a woman. I KNOW that it is a need for me. The smell and taste of a woman are NEEDS for me, not WANTS. If I can't smell and taste a woman, well, just go ahead and shoot me because life won't be worth living.

And this woman smelled wonderful. "Lift your foot, babe." And as she lifted one, then the other, I removed her skirt and panties from around her ankles. I applied gentle pressure to the inside of her legs. She spread her legs and I began to gently tongue her sweet cleft. She trembled.

She spread her head more and placed her hands on the back of my head pulling my face tightly against her now wet pussy. I began to lap her sweet juices like a dog laps water when he has a terrible thirst. I did have a terrible thirst, but not for water.


"Oh, oh, oh, God, oh, God," she sobbed as she shook violently and pulled my hair. As her body began to go limp, I quickly stood and put my arms around her to prevent her collapsing onto the floor. I held her body gently to mine. 

"Thank you, baby," I told her. "I really needed that."

"You?" 

"Yes, to taste and satisfy a woman gives me sense of well-being and worth. Thank you, sweetness."

"Whatever," she laughed.