 Thus began his best days. Kit would call him and his heart would race. She was true to her word and never called when someone else was there. Sometimes he wondered how she got the timing so right, how she just KNEW he was alone, but suddenly Daren didn't care, he just wanted her to continue to know. Her voice made his heart skip beats. He even looked down at his chest to see if a little heart-shaped beat could be seen, like in the cartoons. He found himself so happy to have her in his life. She was wildly sexual, all he had ever dreamed of having. As the days passed, he found she was also intelligent and funny and charming.

They shared more than just the sex, they began sharing thoughts and hopes and memories. He looked forward to his time with her. If something happened in his life, good or bad, he wanted her to know. She seemed to feel the same way. She told him events and occurrences without ever giving away actual names or places, keeping him puzzled, yet intrigued. 

Daren looked for her everywhere. He knew her body shape, her height, her smile. He smelled vanilla all the time now. He would quickly look around, but no one like his Kit was ever nearby. 

One night at the movies, Lori left to go to the restroom. As soon as she disappeared up the aisle, the scent of vanilla filled his head. A hand reached over his shoulder and caressed his cheek. He felt warm breath on his skin, a light kiss on his neck. He heard her voice, so dear to him, whispering that she was happy to be on a date with him. He sat so still, afraid it was a dream, afraid she would leave, afraid she wouldn't leave. As his wife made her way down the row to him, he dared to look around, but the seats behind him were empty.

Another time, at a crowded PTA meeting, he and Lori were chatting with friends at the cookie table. Before he could even note the vanilla swirling through the air, he felt a hand sliding into his pocket, little fingers wrapping around his rapidly expanding cock. He heard her soft voice greeting some friends nearby. This time, he didn't dare look. All he could do was stare straight ahead and hope nobody noticed. His stupid dick, though, had other ideas. Like a playful puppy when the master comes home, his cock was rapidly gaining length and growing hard, all ready to play. Eager to play. As suddenly as she appeared, she was gone, leaving his pocket feeling empty, his cock lonely.

The weather was becoming cold. The leaves were turning and falling, the air was crisp and so enjoyable. One afternoon, Lori and the kids left to visit her parents in another town. As they drove away, the phone rang. Daren reached for it, his heart pounding. Once again, his cock responded before his mind, sure it was his own Kit. It was!

She suggested a meeting, knowing he was all alone. She told him she had a room rented at a hotel out of town. He knew this was crazy, but he wanted her so much. Daren heard himself agreeing to a rendezvous, encouraging her to hurry. 

Kit was already prepared. She had the room number and had already put the key in his mailbox. All he had to do was drive to the hotel, go to the room and wait for her call.

When Daren arrived, the room was warm and inviting. She had placed candles, vanilla candles, around the room and the scent was delicious. There was a CD player set up on the desk, fully loaded with romantic music. The bed was turned down, the curtains drawn. He sat on the bed, looking around the lovely room and imagined spending his evening with Kit here. The phone rang. He heard her soft voice telling him what he should do. She told him to undress, light the candles, and turn off the lights. When he was settled in bed, she wanted him to open the nightstand drawer and take out the item he would find there. She promised to call back in 5 minutes.

Daren did as instructed. He removed his clothing, carefully folding it over a chair. He moved about the room, lighting the candles and then starting the CD player. Then he went to the bed and opened the drawer. He found a black satin mask, a really good one, with extra folds to totally block out all light, all vision.

He held the satin mask, rubbing it softly on his cock, which was responding quickly to the smooth coolness. When the phone rang, he reached for it languidly. Her voice in his ear seemed to affect every inch of his body, and he just melted into it. He could hear her smile as she told him to please put on the mask, no peeking, and she would be there soon. He carefully placed the mask over his face, tempted for just a moment to leave a space, but realizing the mystery was half of the excitement. He lowered it in place and was immediately aware how different things were in a black world. The music was sensuous, the candles so delicious. Even the air blowing on his body was seductive. Smiling to himself, he waited for his Kit to arrive.