 First story here. Dreamed up while driving home one day. Enjoy!

************************

It had been a long day at work. One thing after another, it had seemed, from bad traffic, to computer problems, to getting an entire pot of coffee spilled on her in the break room. She'd even gotten reamed for an incomplete project she was never even assigned to. 

Her only train of thought now was escaping the city traffic, zipping up the canyon as fast as possible (without getting a ticket), then flopping in to her hammock with a glass of wine and a book. 

She pulled on to the on-ramp smoothly, nudging her way into the flow of traffic. Pressing on the accelerator, the dull roar from the 5.7 liter Hemi made her lips twitch in a smile. Some of the tension of the day slid from her body as she settled back into the smooth leather seat. Her eyes flicked between the road and her mirrors as she picked her opening to pull in to the fast lane. There, between an SUV and a sports car, the SUV in front. 

She flicked on her signal. The SUV passed. As she started to pull into the other lane, she saw the sports car pick up speed, trying to close the gap. Her eyebrows went up, and her competitive spirit reared its head. 

Someone wants to play, she thought to herself. Let's play. As the sports car pulled closer, she pushed her foot down harder on the gas pedal, and received an instant response from the vehicle. As she surged forward, the SUV pulled aside; presumably the driver noticed the acceleration, and wasn't interested in getting in the way. 

She pulled away from the sports car quickly at first, but the driver caught on in moments and stayed right with her. They left only enough of a gap for another vehicle to pull into if they were feeling lucky. 

At 85 mph, she stopped accelerating. She'd gone faster up this canyon before, but it was a Friday, and the weather forecast for the weekend was perfect. The road was crowded with trucks, RV's, and loaded up SUV's and station wagons. 

A few times, the sports car tried to pull into the center lane and pass her on the right, but never had enough space. Not that she cooperated; she would accelerate just enough to close the gap, passing the next car in the center lane before the sports car could, forcing them to pull back behind her to maintain the higher speed. 

After this happened the third time, the sports car got the opportunity to pass. She tried to block them off again, but the car in the center lane moved, clearing their path. As they sped past, she glanced over, and got a clear view of the driver. To her pleasant surprise, it was a handsome man, close to her age, grinning and mockingly wagging a finger at her. 

Caught up in the moment, she laughed out loud. Already feeling the adrenaline from the 'race', so far, another sensation added to her excitement. Heat rushed through her veins, and a spark of mischief appeared in her eyes. Knowing her 'competition' was in on the game made it much more fun. 

In that moment, she forgot about the stress of the day. Senses heightened, focus sharp, she forgot about the risk, and just drove. Pulling alongside the sports car, she matched his speed, for a half mile, then a mile, then two. At this speed, it took less than two minutes to cover that distance, but the road seemed to stretch out for miles. The two danced in and out of the lanes of the highway, neither maintaining the advantage for long. 

Near the top of the canyon, where she knew the first chance of a cop sitting in wait would be, she made her final move of the game. Though they were total strangers, she felt an inexplicable connection to her fellow racer, and instinct told her to take a chance. 

Pulling in front of the sports car, she laid a heavy foot on the brake, slowing enough to ensure the driver was paying attention. Then with the turn signal and a 'follow me' gesture out the window, she directed him off at the next exit. It was the entrance to a small side canyon, barely more than a parking lot and an underpass. There wasn't even a restroom. As such, it wasn't popular with the tourists. Only locals and the bored or adventurous came here. 

Apparently intrigued, the sports car followed her lead into the lot, and parked a few spaces away. With a deep breath, and a quick glance in the mirror, she stepped out of the vehicle and moved around to the tailgate. The driver of the sports car moved at the same time, choosing the rear plate over the back tire to lean against, with one arm draped across his spoiler. 

As she propped an arm on the tailgate, he smiled, pulling off his sporty sunglasses to reveal bright, playful green eyes. "Pick-up," he said, his tone making it her nickname. 

She couldn't help but respond in kind. "Sports car."

His grin only widened, becoming slightly predatory. His gaze flicked over her attire - tank top, capri leggings, running shoes, and his head cocked slightly to the side. "Gym time?"

Her face scrunched in a grimace. After her coworker had spilled coffee on her, she'd changed into her workout clothes. "No. My uniform lost a fight with a pot of coffee."

"Uniform?"

"Military."

His eyebrows went up slightly, and his smile widened. He looked mildly impressed, but also amused. "That explains the fearlessness. I haven't had that much fun behind the wheel in a long time."

Her ego was present enough to accept the stroking eagerly. Like her, he was dressed in athletic clothing. Well, it was after normal working hours on a Friday. He could be up to anything. And she couldn't help but notice that his clothing showed off a leanly muscular physique that was just her type. 

Her reaction didn't go unnoticed. That predatory look intensified, and he stood up from his car, striding closer. He stopped just out of arm's reach. "So. Our race?"

She stood up as well, standing toe to toe with him. "Yes." 

He looked behind her, nodding at the trailhead sign behind her. "Tell you what. Let's continue it. That sign says the trail is three miles to the top. The winner..."

He didn't get to finish the rest. She wasn't stupid, and she also wasn't opposed to playing dirty. "See you up there!" she cried, and turned on her heels , taking off across the parking lot and onto the trail. It sloped upward quickly, forcing her to slow down, but not incredibly so. 

Back in the parking lot, the sports car driver grinned, taking a moment warm up. Seeing the woman race away from him, he knew this was going to be a close race, but he'd been running all his life. The race on the highway had his heart pounding, and blood pumping, quite a bit of it going to his cock. He had so much energy, it was like he was on fire. She was going to see him alright. 

He took off. Five minutes passed. Then ten. He could see her footprints on the trail, deeper and more defined than the rest. There were no other cars in the lot, so he knew they were the only two up here. Around 15 minutes, he could hear her, faintly. Just the lightest sound of footfalls on the trail. Another couple minutes, he could clearly hear her breathing. 

She passed the two mile marker before she heard him catching up to her. The electric sensation of being chased, of being prey, spurred her on, revealing a fetish she hadn't even known she had. 

She was so close. He rounded the curve of the trail, and caught sight of her. God, what a sight. The muscles in her back rippled, sweat gleaming along the curves of her skin. Her ass flexed and released with every stride, making his mouth water. With a final push, he surged forward and wrapped his arms around her torso, pulling them both off the trail into the lush mountain grass on the slope. 

She struggled in his arms, but he wasted no time. One of his arms trapped hers over her chest, while the other slid down over her stomach and between her legs, feeling the heat there. The whimper she let out was evidence enough that heat wasn't just from the exercise. 

Her hips shifted, grinding back in to him, over the rock hard shaft in his shorts. He growled softly, burying his face in her neck, nipping and sucking along the tender flesh there. "Woman, you are driving me wild. I wanted you the second you stepped out of that truck."

She only took that as encouragement, grinding harder against him, earning herself a stronger bite on her neck, making her gasp. But his grip loosened slightly, and she turned in his arms. Her legs spread to straddle him, making her pussy land squarely on his hard dick. Both of them groaned with the pressure, and she braced herself on his chest, rubbing up and down his shaft with fire in her eyes. 

"I want to be inside you. Now," he barked. His hips bucked, throwing her off balance in a move she recognized, but didn't fight. He swept her under him, still between her legs. With him on top, she locked her ankles around him as he stood, allowing him to carry her further off the trail. His hands groped her ass, and his lips locked on hers, though his footsteps were steady and sure. 

Without warning, her shoulders met the rough bark of one of the local conifers, and he pressed her roughly into the tree. She whimpered in pleasure and pain, but made no move to resist him. Using his hips to support her weight and keep her pressed against the tree, he pulled off her tank top and used the garment to bind her wrists above her head, on a branch almost out of reach. The height stretched her out, displaying her lean body for him. 

She watched him closely, with half-lidded eyes clouded with lust. The cold, quiet, logical part of her mind was telling her, quite adamantly, that this was a terrible idea. Letting a complete stranger tie her up in the middle of the woods was one of the stupidest things she'd ever done. But she was too turned on to care. 

"Hold yourself up on the branch," he told her gruffly. She obliged, engaging her core, shoulders, and arms, as he shifted back and began to pull down her leggings and underwear. Finally, he pulled down the zipper that held her bra closed, revealing small, round breasts with peaked, dark pink nipples. Her pussy was shaved bare, the skin deliciously smooth. He knew, because he stroked a thumb over it, flicking close to, but not over, her nether lips. 

She whimpered again, and he stepped close after depositing her clothing off to the side, keeping a hand between them, fingers teasing her, but never quite landing on her clit or folds. She squirmed, desperately trying to make his fingers brush over where she wanted them most, but he was quicker than her in her compromised position. 

He kept up this gentle torture for another minute, though it felt like longer to his victim, before his thumb began to flick over her nub. His fingers stroked around her lips, soaking with her arousal. Finally, he sank a finger in to her channel, before pulling it out and licking her juices off. The taste of her made him groan, and her hips bucked. 

He couldn't hold back any more. Despite his barked command, he'd wanted to drag this out a little longer. The most likely outcome of this little adventure was that they would part ways satisfied and never see each other again. But she wasn't the only one with an ego, and he most certainly wanted this to be memorable. 

Keeping the one hand buried in her folds, he shifted, giving himself enough room to pull off his shorts and boxers. His cock sprang free, and he switched hands, spreading her juices over his thick shaft. Her hips bucked again; she liked the show. With a grin, he lined himself up with her, and pushed in with one hard thrust. She gasped and pushed back against him, making him sink balls-deep in her tight channel. They paused there for a moment, before his hands dug in to her hips and began to fuck her.

No, even that was too gentle a word. This was a brutal rut. The tree bark dug into her back, scraping the skin. His nails left marks on her hips. One moved to her chest, squeezing and kneading the soft flesh, rolling the nipple in his fingers. His teeth attacked the other breast, nipping, biting, sucking. He left marks there as well, before switching hands, and breasts. 

As his teeth landed on her other nipple, she lost it, coming hard around him, her cunt walls squeezing him, rippling, drawing him in deeper, if that were possible. She was almost impossibly tight around him, but somehow, he only grew hungrier for her. 

He reached up, releasing the fabric around her wrists, before yanking her off his cock and turning her around. She bent and braced herself on the tree without any further encouragement, thrusting her hips back towards him. Likewise, he needed no further invitation. His cock sank back into her dripping folds, and he pounded into her like a man possessed. He lifted a hand and brought it down hard on her ass cheek, making her cry out. He did the same to the other cheek, then back to the first. Again, and again, and again. The skin quickly began to turn pink, matching the scrapes on her back. 

There, about twenty strokes in, he felt her pussy start to milk him again, and it sent him over the edge. As he bucked in to her, his cum filling her and spilling out over his balls and her thighs, he leaned forward and bit her hard on the shoulder. That would leave a dark mark that would last over a week, at the least. Just a memento. 

He wrapped his arms under her, standing them up as his cock slid from her. He held her as their heart rates slowed. After several long minutes, she turned, and grinned at him. 

"You know, I think I won."

He raised a single eyebrow, his lips tightening. "How so?"

"I got to come more," she said with a grin that pure mischief. 

His hands dropped slowly, and he pointed to her discarded clothing. "Put those back on. Get that hot ass of yours up the trail. We'll see how many times we each get off before we make it back to the bottom." 

She didn't hesitate. A minute later, the hunt was back on, and it lasted until just after sunset. As they took the final weary steps back onto the asphalt, he snaked an arm around her waist, pulling her into one last embrace, landing his lips on hers in one more hungry kiss. When he pulled back, breathing hard, he couldn't help but feel like he was on top of the world. A stark realization hit him, and he burst out laughing. 

"What?" she asked, looking confused.

"What's your name, anyway?" he asked, and her laughter joined his. Looking back at their parked cars, and the highway lit by passing vehicles, she grinned. "Win this race, finally, and I'll tell you!"

They took off together. There is still no clear winner.