 I'm just getting off work from Staff Duty, and I have some time, so I let you know I'm swinging by while you're staying in town. I haven't had a chance to change out of my uniform yet, so I'm still all dressed up in this ridiculous monkey suit when I knock on your hotel room door. You surprise me when you open it, however, because you have a camera in your hand, already recording.

"What's that for?" I ask, with a slight grin on my face.

"Nothing," you respond coyly, drawing out the syllables to sound innocent.

You turn the camera in your hand to capture our kiss as your lips meet mine, but then you pan down to where your hand has descended between my legs, and is massaging my cock through my trousers. I smile through our kiss as I close the door behind me. I take the camera from your hand as you slowly descend to your knees. You continue to look up at me, making eye contact and smiling mischievously as you pull my cock out past the buttons of my pants and flick your tongue against me.

Within moments you're taking me into your throat, moaning, sliding up and down my shaft fluidly. I'm holding the camera level with you off to my left, but I move it up to look down at you. I'm very turned on, both by using the camera, and by your assertiveness. I really enjoy watching you show off as you stroke me and use your tongue on my balls.

When you're satisfied with my arousal, you stand up, smile at me, wrap your fingers tightly around my cock and lead me to the bedroom. I sit down at the edge of the bed and watch you with the camera as you slowly undress for me, playing with your breasts, or turning slowly, as your clothes gradually fall away from you. You move past me, crawling on to the bed on your hands and knees, and looking back at me, you grin as your fingers slide between your legs. You lay your face down in the blankets, but continue to look back at me while you please yourself in such a graphic manner.

I place my hand on your hip, and roll you on to your back. After handing you the camera, I pull off my uniform top and tshirt, exposing my chest. Then, I lower my lips down to you and guide your legs over my arms, pulling you closer as I go down on you. You try to hold the camera steady as my tongue flicks across your clit. Your breasts rise and fall as your breathing quickens, and my hands slide up to squeeze them. Your free hand slides through my hair, claws at my back, and pulls at me, wanting me inside you.

As i rise up, I take the camera from you again, and look down at your exposed body. I move my knees under your hips, bringing your body up against mine. You touch yourself, then touch me, getting my hard cock wet and ready to penetrate you. Your heels press against my hips, encouraging me. With one hand, I capture the intensity of the moment, and with the other, I guide the tip of my penis into you. Moving my hips forward insistently, you feel the full length of me smoothly entering you. Your breasts look gorgeous, bouncing with each thrust, especially as you close your eyes and play with them. While one hand remains there, the other slides down between your legs, teasing yourself and showing off for the camera even more. You feel wonderful, and I love looking down at your face, watching how much you enjoy making love to me.

I tell you to get on your hands and knees as i pull away from you. You make a disappointed sound as I pull out of you, but you're quick to flip over and excited to get me back inside you. When I thrust into you, I raise one leg up so that I'm on one knee, kneeling. This allows me to penetrate you very deeply, which, while sometimes slightly painful for you, feels amazing. My free hand moves from your hip, around you tor breasts, then to your hair, pulling you back on to me. I look down at you with the camera, then move off to the side to show how you push back against me, and to see the expression on your face as my hips connect with yours. Then, I move it back behind us and under my raised leg, displaying very graphically our copulation.

I reach over and set the camera off to the side, and focus both my hands on you. I pull your hair harder, making you arch your back and rise up. Then I grab you by the throat and pull you up on to your knees with your back against my chest. I squeeze, and sink my teeth between your neck and shoulder. My thrusts, at a very steep angle, increase in frequency. You cry out and your hands grab at me, but instead of slowing down, I move my body more forcefully against yours. My mouth alternates between kissing you softly, and biting at your flesh. While one hand still holds your throat tightly, the other slides down between your legs. I lean back, resting my weight on my heels so you can't move forward and squirm away. I can feel you getting close, and as you climax, I moan in response to your muscles tightening, and I hold your body against mine, enveloping you in my arms.

Finally, I release my grip on you, and you fall back to your hands and knees. I withdraw from you, and you turn around, sitting up, taking me in your mouth again and tasting your fluids on me as I continue to kneel. I take the camera in hand again, and between licking your way up my shaft and kissing the inside of my thigh, you whisper that you want to feel my cum on you. You continue to use your tongue on my balls as my free hand strokes my cock. You feel wonderful, and I'm so turned on, I can feel myself getting close quickly. I struggle to hold the camera steady, but within a couple minutes I can feel it approaching imminently.

I whisper for you to close your eyes, and you comply, though a soft, satisfied smile still plays upon your lips. With a low moan from me, you feel wet warmth against your cheek, then against your lips, and finally your chin. Cum continues to shoot out across your breasts as your eyes open tentatively, wanting to watch me continue to orgasm. You take me in your mouth, catching the remaining liquid, and I struggle to hold still. I'm very sensitive, and your tongue makes me squirm. You wink at the camera, then reach up, take it from me, turn it off, set it to the side, and pull me down to you. I whisper how much I enjoyed that and you laugh softly, whispering back "I can tell."