 The next night, Daren was still relishing the memory. His wife had gone to a club meeting, the kids were involved in activities at school, and he was all alone. This was one of his favorite times. He liked to lower the lights and strip down and lie on the bed. Sometimes he read magazines, other times, he watched movies. Tonight, he ran his Halloween adventure through his mind, over and over. Each time, he thought of something else that excited him. The idea of having this incredible episode in his own house, his own kitchen, was unbelievably erotic. 

Then he thought of her vanilla scent and felt his cock harden even more. The secrecy, the surprise, the speed of it...all made him more excited. He could feel the soft, smoothness of her skin and the heat of her pussy, as if she were there with him. As he lay there on the bed, rubbing his aching cock, he wondered if perhaps he had dreamed the entire episode, a result of too much to drink and an overactive imagination. That possibility had been gnawing at him all night and all day. Was it possible a woman had appeared in the night and just wanted to fuck HIM and then disappear? As his hand massaged his throbbing cock, he wondered if he could have been so lucky as to be the one "Kit" had chosen last night.

The phone rang and Daren debated answering. He could let the machine pick it up, it probably was a call for one of the kids. He was enjoying his memories and the feel of his erect dick being massaged, and hated to be interrupted. Then, of course, the thought ran through his mind that his family might be calling, needing help, and he reached for it.

His cock recognized the caller before it registered in his mind. The soft voice that had requested a quick fuck last night was in his ear again, saying hello and his name. She quickly explained that she knew he was alone and would never have called otherwise. 

Daren asked her name, anxiously asked how she knew so much about him, including his phone number. She told him they had friends in common, kids in school together. Someday she would explain all, if he would be patient. For now, he could call her "Kit", if he liked, and they would continue their little game.

So many thoughts raced through Daren's mind. He knew he should stop this now, this adventure that was obsessing him. He knew all the reasons he should hang up the phone, but he couldn't. This woman was what he had always wanted, erotic loving with no strings. Her voice was causing all sorts of reactions in his body, including making his already hard cock throb uncontrollably. 

He told her yes, he could be patient, he could continue their game, he would actually love to continue. This was what she wanted to hear and she murmured her happiness. She asked him what he was wearing, where he was at that exact moment. Daren blushed as he considered telling her the truth, that he was naked and hard for her, that he was imagining her in his own bed with him. Even as intimate as last night had been, it still caused him embarrassment to admit his lust for her. As she waited for his reply, Kit started whispering to him. She was home alone also, wearing the kitten outfit from last night, thinking of him. She lowered the phone so he could hear the snaps come undone. 

As he listened, she must have slipped a finger into her hot warmth and moved it over her clit, as he could hear the unmistakable sound of a wet pussy. She brought the phone back to her mouth, asking him if he liked imagining what she was doing? She then sucked her wet fingers for him, and he could hear her murmuring her enjoyment of the taste as her fingers slid in and out of her mouth. My god, he was getting so excited. After a few minutes of this, Kit asked him again what he was wearing. Daren took a deep breath and said he was naked, lying on the bed. She began breathing faster, asking him if he was touching himself, saying she remembered so well how lovely his hard cock was. She said she envied him his hard dick, his freedom to touch it at any time, and asked him to touch it now for her. As if she needed to ask! His hand slid over the swollen head, gathering precome and sliding it down the taut shaft. Kit was whispering in his ear, telling him it was her hand touching him, her fingers massaging the swollen veins that ran the length of his manhood. 

Then, she continued, he could touch her. Did he feel how wet she was, how incredibly swollen? She described how his fingers were initially sliding slowly up and down her slit, moving gently the length of her, parting her curlies with his fingertips, slipping just a little deeper with each pass. His fingertips barely grazed her clit and moved on, down her slit, until they reached her sweet pinkness. Ah, please, stay here for awhile. But his fingers were too restless, had too much to do, to touch. They continued their massage of her inner warmth, skimming lightly over her most sensitive skin, making her ache with desire. Kit described all of this in an increasingly breathless voice, making it visual for him. 

Daren closed his eyes and he could see it. He could see his hand loving her, while he was sure she was the one so wonderfully caressing his cock. It was odd, this feeling. He had discussed phone sex with his pals and had been the one so sure it was ridiculous, a waste of time. He had made the point many time that it was just masturbating with company. Yet now he could swear that Kit was beside him and touching him and making him ache with desire.

Kit was saying how well she remembered him, the feel of his massive cockhead entering her tight little cunt, the feel as it popped into her and filled her with heat. She described how it felt to be fucked, to be so full of cock that you almost can't think anymore, just feel, just BE. She said she hated to leave him last night, that she could have fucked him forever, feeling him thrusting deep into her pink and making her want more and more.

Then she described his tongue, his mouth, his lips on her soft pussy. She said he had a talent that she had never enjoyed before. His mouth had opened on her, his tongue french-kissing her deeply and sensuously. She had decided she wanted him when she first saw him at the doorway, giving out candy, and she certainly did not regret her decision. 

As she talked, Daren was rubbing his aching shaft. His hand was moving up and down, varying the speed and pressure, his other hand massaging his balls, which were tight and hard against his body. His breathing was short, listening to Kit as she talked and moaned, describing what his hands were doing to her. She called out his name, asking him to help her, saying "please, please" over and over as her moans became increasingly closer together. Finally, it seemed she had stopped breathing and Daren called her name. Suddenly, he heard her growl, deep in her throat and then cry out. She sounded so good, so incredibly excited. He listened to her breathing, ragged and shallow. His hand was moving on his cock, which was swelling in his fist. As he heard her cries, Daren felt himself coming, spraying his wetness all over his hand and tummy. His cock throbbed in his fist, the come pouring from him as he called out. He could hear Kit saying sweet, loving things, encouraging him, murmuring her approval.

He held the phone to his ear, his lifeline to Kit and all she represented. It was his first experience with phone sex and he couldn't believe how incredibly real it was. He knew he wanted to continue being with this woman. He listened to her breathing slow down, her words sweet with praise for him.

She told him she would reveal herself to him when the time was right. Right now, they would play their game of sharing conversations by phone or email, even chat when possible. She promised never to call if she had the slightest doubt he was alone. She also promised him the adventure of a lifetime. Daren was nodding and agreeing with all she said. She told him she would contact him soon and said goodbye. 

His life was full of glorious possibilities. He smiled.

To Be Continued...