 Ronnie and Elaine lived across the hall from me. They had what they called an open marriage. I thought their marriage was made in hell. I could hear them arguing all the time about money and the kids. 

What can I say? I got a case of hot pants, for Elaine the first time I saw her. Her husband Ronnie was a first class, lazy low life, scum bag. However, I've known him for years, and he wasn't much worse then most of the other guys in the neighbor hood, that I grow up in.

Let me try and explain their situation.

Ronnie didn't like to work too much. He was perfectly happy living off Elaine and dealing some weed on the side. He saw nothing wrong with pimping off his girl friend, when money got a little tight. 

Elaine didn't go for Ronnie's scumbag life style, at all. She though he should get a job, and straighten his lazy ass out.

Ronnie wasn't happy about being married to Elaine. He felt that Elaine tricked him into marrying her, and he'll swear on a stack of bibles that the baby wasn't his. 

The rest of their story is simple; Ronnie was going with the girl next door to him, and he still was. I guess he really loved her, in his own sick way. 

But he wanted to get something strange, and he heard that Elaine was beautiful, easy, and a great piece of ass.

Ronnie managed to get together with Elaine and they got it on. Then she said Ronnie got her pregnant! 

So much to Ronnie's displeasure; he did, what he though was the right thing to do, and married Elaine.

However; Ronnie always thought that Elaine was already pregnant, and she trapped him into marrying her!

They truly were the odd couple Elaine was a beautiful MILF For those of you who might not know it, MILF stand's for, "A Mother that I'd like to fuck"

Elaine was a tall beautiful woman, with flaming red head, bright green eyes, with full soft kissable lips, the kind of lips that I'd love to have wrapped around my dick. 

Her body was beginning to get a little soft, but she still had an awesome hour glass figure with prefect breasts, a nicely shaped ass, and long lovely legs. 

What can I say? Even after two kids, she still looked great, and she looked a lot better than most of the girls my own age, or any age. 

Ronnie the Rodent, as he was called around the neighbor hood; was kind of short, and thin as a rail, with rounded shoulders. He had greasy jet black hair, that he combed straight back. 

Ronnie had small beardy black eyes, a narrow face, with a long pointed nose, a pencil thin black mustache. He had little round mouse like ears that make him look like a rodent.

Ronnie thought that he was God's gift to women. Everybody else thought he was a scum bag dealer that looked like a rat.

Ronnie and Elaine were miserable together. Ronnie couldn't, or didn't want to stay away from his ex-girl friend. He got sooo frustrated with his marriage, that he told Elaine, she could fuck anybody she wanted too, as long as she left him alone.

I became friends with them, while they were moving in. 

Elaine would flirt openly with me, and she told me straight out, that she wanted to sleep with me. 

She'd look at my cock and then look me in the eyes and Wink as she'd say," you know Meat I'm a sexually liberated woman and I'm in an open marriage."

Then she'd glance back down at my cock, lick her lips, raise her eye brows, and grin as she'd say," So anytime you want too..." 

All I'd do is grin and start blushing.

Then Ronnie and Elaine would both crack up. I figured that they were just breaking my balls. 

One afternoon I saw Ronnie and Elaine in the back yard arguing about something, but I couldn't hear what it was all about.

Elaine waved me over to them and said," Meat there's something we want to tell you."

Then Ronnie said, "Come on over tonight and have dinner with us. Then I have to go out and meet my girl friend. But you can hang out with this fucking lying whore bitch, that I'm married too."

That night as I was about to knock on their door, I could hear Elaine and Ronnie screaming at each other. I was about to leave, when I heard little JoAnne crying.

So I knocked on their door, Elaine opened it wearing a thin pink cotton tee shirt and a pair of loose fitting navy blue sweat pants. It was oblivious, that she wasn't wearing a bra under her tee shirt. 

Her breast and nipples were clearly outlined under the thin fabric of her tee shirt. Christ I couldn't take my eyes off her awesome upturned tits, with her huge swollen nipples in the center of her large bumpy areolas. 

Jeez they looked like they were begging to be played with and sucked on.

Little JoAnne was sitting on the floor, in the corner whimpering trying to hold back her tears. 

As soon as she saw me, she got up and came running over to me; with tears steaming down her cheeks. She lifted her arms up to me, pleading with me, in her sobbing little girl voice," Up, up, Meat. Please Meat, Me up."

As I bent over to pick her up, JoAnne wrapped her little arms around my neck and her legs around my chest and started crying, with her little head on my shoulder. 

I could feel the trembling sobs going through her tiny body as I kissed her on the forehead. 

I whispered, "Shhh, it's alright baby...," While I rubbed her back, and rocked her in my arms.

Ronnie, looked over at me, and yelled angrily, "Hey Meat, is that fucking little brat yours! She must be your kid, every time she sees you; she runs right over to you. She won't come anywhere near me. 

I bet you're her father. I can see the way that damn cunt; I'm married too, looks at your cock all the time."

I gave Ronnie a dirty look, but I managed to keep my mouth shut. I didn't want to say or do anything that would make the situation worse.

Elaine had a wild crazy look in her eyes as she screamed, at the top of her lungs "Meat this fucking drug dealing little weasel is leaving me, for that dirty skinny crack whore; that lives down the street. 

Tell me Meat, which one of us would you rather fuck, me or that filthy dirty slut? Don't you think I look better than that scummy bitch?

I'm sooo freaking horny, I can't stand it. He hasn't done it too me... in so long. Do you wanna feel how wet my cunt is?"

I thought to myself, "Hell Yeah I want to feel your cunt." But I didn't say it.

Then Elaine looked down at my cock, then into my eyes as she asked," Meat do you wanna fuck me?"

I just stood there dumb founded holding JoAnne. I looked back and forth between Elaine and Ronnie; wondering what the hell I should do! 

Ronnie yelled angrily," bitch I don't give a shit, who you fuck! If you wanna fuck this kid! I don't give a rat's ass." 

Elaine glared at Ronnie, and then she looked down at my cock again and said," Meat put your hand inside my pants and feel how wet my pussy is."

What that said, she quickly reached out; grabbed my hand, and shoved it under the front of her sweat pants and inside her panties, and held my hand against her warm moist snatch.

I was still holding little JoAnne in my other arm. I knew I should get the hell out of there, but I didn't want to leave the kids alone with them.

Besides that the, Power of Pussy, was clouding my young horny mind and my better judgment was rapidly going down the drain.

Holy Christ, I thought to myself, I've already got my hand inside Elaine's pants, under her panties, between her legs and my hand was on her twat.

Geez it felt sooo good; it was warm, and moist. What more do, I need to say. I've been fantasizing about fucking this woman, for as long as, I've known her. 

Then Elaine snuggled up next me and nipped my ear lobe. As she blew her warm breath into my ear, she whispered in her soft sexy husky female voice, just loud enough for me and her husband to hear. 

"Meat, I know you want me! I can tell by the way you look at me, with your lust filled eyes, and that big bulge in the front of your pants." 

She knew she was sending shivers of pure excitement and pleasure straight thought my horny young body, right down to the end of my pulsating penis. 

Then she stuck the tip of her tongue in my ear. As she swirled her tongue around inside my ear; she reached down, grabbed my one eyes monster, and squeezed it. She gave her husband a dirty look, as she sighed, "Oh baby that thing of yours is enormous, I can't wait to have you shove it, all the way into me." 

Because I didn't know what else to say or do; I just stood there like a big goof with my hand inside Elaine's pants, with her hot wet box in the palm of my hand, while I held her daughter in my other arm, with Elaine's hand on my pulsating penis.

Elaine was playing with my hard throbbing dong as she said in a deep throaty husky voice, "Meat I want you in me, sooo bad. I can't stand it. Now stick your finger in my cunt and feel how wet, and ready I am, for you."

Then she phased for a moment as she said in her sultry voice, "Please Baby I need you, to do it me, so bad, I can't stand it." 

Holy Shit, I though to myself, she's begging me to fuck her in front of her husband. Now what the hell, am I going to do! 

Elaine pressed my hand tighter against her hot wet box, as she passionately blew her warm breathe into my ear, whispering in her slutty voice," I still look good don't I? I know I look better then that skinny, scummy, crack whore that he's leaving me for."

Her sexy words were driving me insane with desire, and I was getting erotic shivers that went up and down my spine, as she blew her warm breath in my ear. 

JoAnne wrapped her arms tighter around my neck and started to cry. 

Elaine's panties were soaked against the back of my hand and I could feel the warmth from her wet snatch in the palm of my hand. 

I couldn't help myself; I pushed my middle finger into her. 

Elaine gasped as she felt me push my finger inside her snug pink gash. Then her pussy muscles instinctively squeezed tightly around my invading finger, holding it firmly in the warm moist depths of her vaginal passage.

Elaine sucked my ear lobe. Moaning "Ahhh, Oh My God Meat, your middle finger is so much bigger then this little runts tiny wiener."

Ronnie had to know that I had my finger deep inside his wife's twat. But he didn't say a word. He just frowned angrily at Elaine.

Christ my man meat was already swollen up, and twitching and I was starting to have trouble breathing. 

Elaine began stroking my erection thought my pants, while she fucked my ear with the tip of her tongue mumbling, "I'm so freaking horny."

Oh Shit, I wanted her sooo bad. I could hardly stand it. My heart was pounding and my cock was throbbing and I couldn't think straight.

Elaine whispered to me, "Christ Meat you're dick feels monstrous, don't you wanna shove it in me, and tear me apart with it?"

Ronnie was glaring at Elaine, as He said, "Hey Kid, take your finger out that slut's cunt, for a minute. I want to talk to you, for a minute. "

He put on his coat and picked up his suit case, as he headed out into the front hall. 

I was still holding JoAnne in my arm, as I followed him out the front door. 

He looked me in the eye as he said, "Look Kid, Elaine is a freaking nymphomania that never gets enough. She comes easy and she comes a lot, but you'll never be able to satisfy her, Kid. She'll fuck you to death and she'll still want more."

I was shocked as I asked," Ronnie you don't care." I paused for a moment to think of how best to say it then I said," If I have sex with your wife!"

"Hell no, I don't give a shit who fucks her, Kid. I had a DNA test done, to prove that little bastard ain't mine, and now I'm going to divorce that nagging nympho bitch."

I just nodded my head as he spoke. 

Then Ronnie's voice softened as he looked me in the eyes and said, "Look Meat, I know you love those kids, and you'd be good for them. But if I were you, I'd just fuck her and forget about her."

I was dumb founded! 

I started to mumble something...but he cut me off by saying, "look Kid, Elaine is a beautiful and sexy woman and a great piece of ass. She'll not only fuck your brains out. She'll fuck all your friends and then she'll screw every other guy she can find."

Then Ronnie turned and hurried down the stairs.

As I walked back into the apartment, Elaine was standing by the door with a discussed guilty look on her face. 

She stared at me, for a minute and then she said, "Don't worry about it, I heard the little prick." 

However; she didn't try to deny anything Ronnie said!

I just shrugged my shoulders and nodded my head. I didn't know what else to do.

Then Elaine said," I was going to leave him at the end of the mouth anyway. I'm going home to live with my parents. You can come over and see me and the kids any time you want too."

As Elaine put her son in his crib, I was still holding JoAnne; she had fallen asleep in my arm with her little head on my shoulder. 

Elaine looked at me and said," Meat you're going to make a great father some day."

Then Elaine gently kissed me on the lips. As I reached out to put my other arm around her, she caught my hand and placed on her soft full breast and held it firmly against it her boob. 

Elaine let out a soft sigh and sucked in her breathe; when she felt me start to massage her firm spongy boob.

I instinctively caressed her rubbery tit, and ran the tip of my thumb across her nipple causing it to harden. 

Elaine pulled away from me and said," I'm sooo freaking horny; I can't stand it." Then she giggled as she said," I think I've told you that before, haven't I?"

I followed Elaine over to JoAnne's little pink Barbie bed. I watched Elaine pull the covers down. 

Then I laid JoAnne down and kissed her on the fore head, as I pulled the covers up over her shoulders. 

Elaine turned towards me and wrapped her arms around my neck, saying Meat you're so sweet. 

As our lips touched, I slid my hand down the front of her sweat pants, and under her panties.

As my hand covered her warm wet snatch, I pushed my middle finger back into the depths of her womanhood. 

Elaine gasped and forced her tongue into my mouth and circled her tongue around mine.

I ran my finger around inside her, in little circles, until I found that bumpy spot on the front wall of her hot wet hole. 

Elaine pulled her mouth off mine, and sucked in her breath. She looked into my eyes with a dreamy expression on her face and put her head against my chest and started panting, "Ahhh, ahhh, ahhh, Oh God, don't stop. I need to get off, sooo bad. It's been so long, since I've had a man's hands on me." 

As I pressed the tip of my middle finger against her G-Spot; I began rubbing it back and forth across it. 

Elaine started to tremble and rock her hips back and forth, while she groaned and moaned passionately from the pleasure she was receiving. 

I managed to get the end of my thumb on her swollen little bundle of nerves, as I rubbed my thumb across it. Elaine's body began quivering against mine while I played with her G-Spot with the tip of my middle finger and rubbed her clit with the end of my thumb.

She quickly started whimpering, "Oh Baby I'm cumming." Then she grimmest and clamped her legs closed around my hand pumping her hips back and forth. 

Her whole body was trembling as she mumbled," Oh Fuck, fuck, fuck that was sooo freaking good. Oh fuck Meat, Please stop it. I can't take it anymore. I'm too sensitive." 

Then she pulled my hand out of the front of her sweat pants. She was still shaking as she grabbed my dick with one hand and put her other arm around my neck, and stuck her tongue in my ear and whispered in a husky passionate voice, "Oh Baby have I ever got plans for you." 

Then I kissed her passionately forcing my tongue deep into her mouth, as I slid my hand back down the front of her pants. She moaned between our lips," No, No please don't do that again. I can't take it anymore." 

But she opened her legs as my hand went over her soaked cunt. Then I slide my finger back into her hot wet waiting twat. 

I quickly found her G-Spot, and played with it, until she came again.

This time she came harder, flooding my hand with her cum. Her knees buckled, and she slid down to the floor on her knees, with her face pressed against my thighs panting. 

The feel of her head and warm breath against my thighs was driving me nuts. It took all the self control I could muster to keep from yanking out my dong and shoving it in down her throat and face fucking her. 

Elaine stood up and wrapped her arms around my neck, draping her warm body against mine. She had a dreamy expression on her face, as she opened her mouth, turned her head to side,

I wrapped my arms around her waist, and ran my hands up and down her back. I turned my head in the opposite direction and slightly opened my mouth. 

When our lips met, I slide my hands under the back of her sweat pants, down over the soft smooth globes of her ass, and pulled her against me. 

As we grinded our hips together, our lips touched and joined together passionately Elaine forced her tongue between my lips into my mouth, as she massaged my stiff ram rod through my pants. 

I was sooo excited I was afraid that I was going to cream my jeans. 

My hands were all over her soft spongy ass cheeks; I wanted to lay her down on the floor yank her pants down around her ankles and fuck her right there. 

I think she knew it, because she pulled away from me," saying not in here.

I've got something special for this occasion. Meat I've wanted you for freaking sooo long. Now go in the other room and wait for me." 

I went into the front room and flopped in the big arm chair in the corner and turned on the TV. 

I was no sooner seated when Elaine came into the room wearing a short sheer pink baby doll nightgown, with a pair of matching pink panties under it.

She was a vision of loveliness in lingerie. 

Her flaming red hair was flowing down over her shoulders to the middle of her back. Her green eyes were sparkling, and she was wearing that moist pink lipstick, that made her lovely full lips, look like a big soft puffy moist pussy. 

My cock was twitching and throbbing in my pants. I was oozing pre-cum out the head of my dick, soaking the front of my under shorts.

She had freckles on her shoulders, and over her chest, her big full breast had a just a slight sag to them, but they were still perky and up turned with large dark red bumpy areolas and big stiff nipples.

She had a little bit of a pot belly with some stretch marks that went down over her lower abdomen. 

She had a nicely trimmed triangle of bright red pubic hair over her pussy mound, but she was completely shaved around her puffy pink clam.

She had small saddle bags on the sides of her hips, and lovely long legs, with full soft thighs, that I could hardly wait to get between.

She turned around slowly, showing off for me. She looked awesome, and she knew it. She had a little rose tattoo on her shoulder, a big butterfly tattooed across her hips. 

As she completed her show, she asked, "Meat don't I look good enough to fuck?"

I mumbled something about her being beautiful and sexy...but I couldn't speak, I was so horny, that I couldn't catch my breath. My cock was pulsing in my pants, and my balls were so full of sperm, they were aching.

Elaine gave me a mischievous grin as she climbed on my lap straddling me with one leg on each side of my waist. She began grinding her warm crotch up and down over my stiff swollen man meat. 

Christ I could feel the heat from her snatch through my jeans, as she rubbed herself over my dong. 

I was going insane with desire. I grabbed her soft rubbery ass cheeks, and lifted my hips up against her mumbling, "You're driving me nuts."

She laughed as she bent over me and nibbled on my neck. Then she flicked her tongue back and forth across that hot spot between my neck and shoulders. 
