 She rolls over when he climbs onto the bed behind her, the blanket falling aside, showing her nakedness. Without a word he lifts her knees, dropping them either side of himself, spreading her open to his hungry gaze. She looks at him, expressionless. He is hard already. She will not let him touch her. She will not let him do anything to her, she thinks. Not again. Not this time. Not unless she wants him to.

He moves closer to her, his cock almost touching her pussy. "Is that what you want," he asks, his voice husky with lust. She does not respond, looking him straight in the eye, not giving anything away. He moves forward, his cockhead touches her lips and she reaches down to stop him. She catches his cock between two fingers and tugs on it. He waits and watches, his mouth dry and his heart beating in his chest.

She sits up. He is still between her legs and she takes his straining hardness in her hands, touching and probing only with her fingertips. "Oh God!" He aches to touch her, mesmerised by what she is doing to him with her cunning fingers. He can't help himself, he must touch her. He looks in her unreadable eyes, drawing a finger across her lips and down her neck, her throat. He searches her face desperately for a reaction that does not come. 

She does not let him distract her. Unconcerned, her fingers explore his cock, memorising it. She pulls the velvety skin back and forth, watching it move over the hard core. "Oh God!" His cock stiffens even more, the head swells from her probing touches. It feels amazing, he can hardly hold himself back fom thrusting into her hand. Trying to concentrate, he traces her breasts, fingers trailing down her side.

She sees the changes in his cock, feels them. Her fingers wrap around him and she begins to stroke him firmly. She wants to see his precum. She want to tease it from him, show him the power she has over him and his body, that she can give and deny him pleasure whenever she wants, however she wants, in or outside of her body. He trembles with the intensity of these sensations that rush through him.

Her eyes are on his cock only. The first drop of precum appears, it oozes from the little hole, collecting there, growing heavier. With her forefinger, she wipes it up, slowly spreading it all over his sensitive head, rubbing it into the skin. "So good!" His body jerks from her touch on his tip. He pushes a finger into her mouth. Still looking down at his cock, she parts her lips and her teeth close down lighty on his finger, licking and sucking on it absentmindedly. She holds his shaft in one hand, circling the head, rubbing the precum into his skin.

When his cockhead glistens wetly, she reaches down between his legs. Her hand closes around his balls. She takes a firm hold and pulls them down, massaging them. "Oh Christ!" She knows so expertly how to drive him to distraction, knows what he wants and what it takes to make him cum. Another drop of precum oozes from his little slit, grows and rolls down the shaft onto her hand. She strokes him, sliding over the fluid.

"I need to fuck you!" He is aching, feeling his cum rise. He will need her soon, to fuck her, as deep and hard as she deserves for this teasing, or she will take him over the edge like this, in her hands, spraying his cum all over her body, her breasts, her pussy. There is no way back now.

She watches his belly contract with the effort, the pleasure. She hears him, but she does not acknowledge any of this and just keeps playing with him. She presses his balls against his body, rubbing them there, a finger pressed hard on the skin behind his balls, a thumb playing with the ridge on the underside of his magnificent yearning cock. He is trembling, urgent, groaning with need. It won't be long and he will lose control, his body wracked with the intensity. 

But then she stops. She just lets go. Her hands leave his balls and cock glistening with precum, hard and moist. She lays her hands in her lap and looks up for the first time. Her gaze wanders up his belly to his chest. Up to his throat, his chin, his lips. His nose, and, finally, his eyes. Holding her gaze, he reaches out and runs a single finger across her lips again and one along her pussy. She tilts her head back a little and licks his finger, watching.

Kneeling forward, his cock comes closer to her pussy, sensing the heat already. His cock is so hard, it twitches with every heartbeat. She left him so close, so cruelly close without release. "I need your cunny." Without warning he grips her wrists and pushes her back, pinning her down under him, her wrists held above her head. Her eyes drive him crazy, watching him without emotion, without a smile, but breathing harder. Oh he knows this is what she loves,what she wants. He pushes forward and his cock slides up her lips until it is lodged at her opening. He looks in her eyes, wanting to see her as he takes her. Then, slowly, he eases forward.

She feels him push her lips apart with his thick cock, driving in slowly but with determination. The shaft sinks into her. Pinning her down, he is right in her, hard, feeling her cunny stretching around his demanding cock. When his tip presses against her cervix, he hears the first sound from her lips. Yes, a quiet moan, perhaps a gasp. He brings a hand to her clit and spreads her lips. He pinches the hood and begins to stroke her clit, making her gasp again and close her eyes. He is desperate to hear her. 

Driving his cock deeper and harder into her, he no longer cares for anything but the passion, the sensations, the need to fuck and cum in her tight cunny. Her body stretches under him and she can no longer hold back the moans of desire. He now has proof. That sound and her grinding body drive him wild. "Christ!" He rams her hard, slamming into her, gripping and stretching her wrists so he can fuck her fully.

With his body above her, on top of her, grinding against her, she feels the lust grow. At last he is in her, thrusting all the way inside and filling her where she needs to be filled. She needs it so much, she wants it so badly and he can see it in her face now. He is pumping hard, feeling his cum rise, but he holds back. He grinds his fingers on her throbbing clit and he does what he knows she loves every time, the one thing that never fails to make her scream with pleasure. Releasing her wrists, he pushes two fingers into her tightness along with his cock, opening her even wider.

She cries out at the sudden stretch, no words, only sounds of pleasure and want. She is shaking now, tightening around him. She is being fucked and masturbated at the same time, opened and used and pleasured and fucked all at once. Her body is out of control, her legs shake beside him and she grips the sheets, tearing at them. "God, you're amazing." He fucks her more harshly. He watches her closed eyes, her open mouth desperately gasping for air. 

"So close!" A sharp pain shoots through her nipple when he bites her, slamming his fingers and cock into her thrashing body. "Cum with me! Cum on my cock!" He can't hold it much longer. The waves of her oncoming release spread through her, lifting her off the bed again and again until she cums. The wave of heat crashes through her, a searing heat inside her. He bites her, fingers her, fucks her, devours her to own her. She screams and throws herself against him.

"Oh fuck, yes!" He explodes in a hard stream of cum into her pussy. Her belly contracts sharply and her cunny traps him in her slickness, milking him of all he has to give. He cries out and shudders, jerking against her softness and struggling to shove more of himself into her. He pushes deeper, she pushes into him, her feet against the bed. Taking her ass in his hands, he pulls her hard onto his cock with each wave. 

Her insides feel liquid and full, and she whimpers and sobs as she keeps cumming. "I feel you. I feel you." He pants as her juices ooze out past his shaft and onto him, their grinding squeezing them from her. She opens her eyes and sees nothing but bright lights exploding before her until her gaze focuses on him at last. He can't move, gasping on top of her, catching his breath and trembling. He is so sensitive now that the slightest movement of their bodies makes him jerk. Her pussy gives him another squeeze and he moans, a last drop of cum entering her. She rests her hands on his waist, holding him, her breasts heaving. "Can I kiss you," he asks.

"Whatever you want, baby."