 They lay together, these new lovers who had known each other from afar for so long, in the plush, overstuffed chair in the hotel room where their first, passionate meeting had occurred a day earlier. She curled up in his lap, head resting on his shoulder, breathing contentedly, occasionally kissing his neck and chest. He was resting peacefully, lids nearly closed in sleep, his breath even, one arm resting on her hip, the other encircling her. They had, almost, in the hours since they met, sated the hunger that had been building inside them for the months since they had met. Almost. 

As her hand slid slowly down his chest, her fingertips gently caressing his stomach, she felt the familiar stirring of his cock against her naked thighs. She moaned seductively against his throat, then reached up with her hand to pull his face to hers or a deep kiss.

"Hello, lover," she said.

"Hello."

"Is there anything I can do for you?"

"Maybe..."

Without prompting, she kissed him hard again, then slid slowly down his body, trailing her fingertips and soft wet kisses down his chest, stomach and thighs, until she was kneeling between his legs. She looked up at him, an evil grin spreading across her face as she lightly gripped his shaft in her hand. She stroked it once, twice, then removed her hand to his thigh, resting her head on the other thigh.

"Would you like to watch, or participate?" he asked, looking down at her.

"Whatever you want...you're the master here...I'm the submissive."

"Yes...I keep forgetting. It's good to be the master. How is it being the submissive?"

"Wonderful. I like your ideas."

"I have another one. Stand up."

"Yes, master," she said, smiling.

He stood up and took her in his arms, leaning down to kiss her forcefully, his tongue prying her pliant lips apart to invade her mouth. One hand found her ass, the other arm wrapped around her to pull her closer. He continued kissing her, taking small nips at her lower lip with his teeth, feeling the vibration of her moans on his tongue. His hands were roaming over her back and ass and thighs. Her breasts were crushed against his chest as they started to grind against each other. He slid his hand up to curl his fingers in her hair. He broke the kiss by pulling her head back.

"Get up on the bed, and turn around. Lay on your back and hang your head over the edge."

"OK, lover." She got up on the bed and did as he asked. "Like this?"

"Mmm...yes, that's it...now open your mouth."

"Are you going to fuck my mouth?"

"You're the submissive. You don't get to ask. But, yes, I am," he said, smiling.

"Do it, lover."

He stood by the bed, bending his knees and positioning himself with his thighs resting against the side of the mattress on either side of her head. His hardening cock rested on her face, the head pressed against her chin, his balls sliding across the bridge of her nose. Taking his cock in his hand, he began stroking her face with it...across her cheeks, resting the head for a moment against her open lips, then playfully slapping her face with it. He heard her laugh below him, then felt her lips on his balls, kissing them lightly.

He grasped his cock in his hand and guided it to her lips. She opened it eagerly to him, and he slid the whole length of his cock down her throat in one movement. He could feel her moaning on his cock and balls, and feel her lips on his pubic hair. 

Propping himself up with his arms, he slowly leaned down until his face was inches from her pussy. He used one hand to push her legs further apart, until she spread them herself, exposing her shaved lips to him. He moved to within an inch of her glistening lips, then blew a cool breath on her pussy lips, causing her hips to buck and her arms to come up and grab his back. Again, she moaned on the shaft of his cock. He began slowly sliding in and out of her wet mouth, as his own mouth found her wet pussy. He licked the entire length of her pussy, then down to rim her asshole for a moment, causing her legs to clench around his head. He wrapped his arms around her legs then, his hands on the back of her thighs as he pulled her legs apart. He continued licking along the slit of her now soaking wet pussy, then down to slide just the tip of his tongue into her ass. Her hips began to rotate in circles. Her hands moved down his back, her nails digging into him as he licked her. They finally settled on his ass, where she continued to dig her nails in, pulling his cock deeper into her throat. 

Now he began to concentrate his attentions on her hard clit, alternately flicking at it and licking it with long, flat strokes of his tongue. His left hand slid down her thigh, and he slowly slid his index and middle fingers into her pussy, never losing the teasing rhythm with his tongue. He could feel her moaning on his cock now, as he made long strokes in and out of her mouth, pulling out until just the head remained between her lips, then sliding his whole length down her throat. Her legs continued to clench and unclench around him, trapping his head and fingers between them.

Pulling his face from her pussy for just a moment, he took the index and middle fingers of his right hand into his mouth, making them slick with his spit. He then used them to tease the opening of her ass, already lubricated by wetness from her pussy. He used his fingers to stretch the opening, then to rub hard on it. Then he gently entered her with the index finger, sliding in only the tip, then wiggling it around her opening. 

Immediately, she moved her finger to his asshole. She gently circled his puckered hole, loosening it up before sliding the tip of her finger inside him. His hips involuntarily thrust forward at the assault, burying his cock to the hilt in her throat. He felt her mouth and throat closing tightly around the shaft. He could feel the pressure building in his balls as her tongue danced around his shaft and head, her wet mouth enveloping him as her finger slid further and further into his ass. 

"If we don't stop, I'm going to cum in your mouth," he groaned. She moaned onto his cock, and drove her finger further inside him until the whole length was filling his tight ass. He returned to licking her clit, sliding his fingers deeper inside her pussy and ass. 

They moved now with a single purpose. He was moving his hips and pumping his cock in and out of her mouth, feeling an animal frenzy as she sucked at him, spanking his ass and working her finger inside him. He was sucking hard on her clit and flicking her with his tongue. He was alternating his fingers, sliding out of one hole as he slid into the other. The room was filled with their muffled groans, and her legs were wrapped around his head in a vice-like grip as she kept grinding her pussy against his face.

He felt her moaning and grabbing at him, and felt her pussy clutching at his fingers as her orgasm swept over her. Her legs were opening and closing on his head as she came, thrashing around as much as she could with his weight on top of her and his cock pinning her down. Then her legs relaxed, splaying open. Her grip loosened, and her mouth went slack.

He was close to cumming and kept sliding in and out of her now loose mouth. When he felt the first spurt begin, he pulled his cock out so that the head rested on her open lips. She clamped her lips around the head as she felt the first spurt shooting into her mouth. He came and came until the sperm covered her lips and began to leak out onto her chin and cheeks. She slid her finger from his ass and moved her hand to gently cup his balls as the last of his cum covered her lips.

Exhausted, he rolled aside and slumped to the floor, leaning back against the bed. She rolled over on to her stomach, her face now only inches from his, cum still on her chin and cheeks. She gathered it with her finger, then rubbed on her lips and licked them with her tongue. Reaching out, she took his head in her hands and pulled him to her. They kissed, open mouthed, tongues entwined, tasting each other, making loud slurping sounds, his cum now smearing both their faces.

"Mmm...we taste good," she said as she broke the kiss. "Come up here on the bed with me." She moved up to rest her head on the pillows, making room for him.

"Still like my ideas?"

"Love them. That was so hot."

"It was so good it hurt."

"I hope we're not finished here."

"I am, for a little while. Why? Is there something else you want?"

"Yes. I've enjoyed everything we've done so far, but it's not enough. I want more."

"OK. What do you want?"

"I didn't come all this way just to get fucked, you know. I want to fuck, too." She got up, and walked over to her suitcase, which was lying on the floor in the corner of the room. She came back with a small overnight case. Keeping her gaze on him, an evil grin spreading across her face, she reached in. Pausing for just a moment, she pulled out a rubber cock, glossy black and about 7 inches long, with balls at the base. It was soft and malleable, flopping around as she held it. Still holding his gaze, she began licking the head, slowly rolling her tongue over every inch of it. She kissed it with her lips, then took just the head between her lips, never taking her eyes from his.

"Mmm...I love the taste," she said, taking more of the cock into her mouth until an inch had disappeared between her lips. "It tastes like me."

"Here, baby...I want you to taste it. Then I want to fuck you with it." The shock of what she said caused him to suck in his breath and pull back. "Come on, baby...just take a little bit of it in your mouth," she said, pointing the tip at his mouth. He put his hand up to stop her as she pushed the rubber cock towards him.

"Whoa, there, just a minute. I thought I was the master here."

"You are. And you will be again. But right now, I want you to do what I say. I want you to suck my cock. I want you to get it wet and slippery so I can fuck you with it."

"I don't know about that..."

"Are you afraid I'll think you're gay? You've pretty much proved you're not. Besides, you just tasted your own cum on my lips. How is this any different than that?"

"It just is."

"Come on, baby. You'd look so sexy sucking on it. It would be such a turn-on for me. Just for a minute. Just take it in your mouth a little. I want to watch you suck it," she said, scratching her fingernails down his stomach, and grasping the shaft of his cock firmly. She placed the head of the rubber cock at his lips, just holding it there and stroking his shaft roughly up and down. "Come on, open you lips just a little and it'll slide right in."

His eyes on hers, he slowly parted his lips slightly, and the head of the cock slipped partly into his mouth. "Use your tongue on it," she said. Her eyes were blazing with lust, signaling to him how badly she wanted this. For her, he opened his mouth fully, allowing the head to pass between his lips, and snaked his tongue out of his mouth to lap at the shaft.

"Oh, yes, lover," she said. Using one hand to push the cock further into his mouth, she used the other to push him onto his back, then climbed on top of him. She glued her body to his, crushing her breasts against his chest, and rocked her hips, sliding her slickened pussy lips up and down the length of his shaft. She reached up to stroke his cheek as she began to slowly piston the cock in and out of his mouth. "That's it. Suck it, baby...suck it."

She kept sliding the cock in and out of his mouth, burying it halfway, her body moving all over his. She was kissing and biting his neck, stroking his cheek, and sliding her breasts and wet pussy all over him. He desperately wanted his cock inside her. With the cock in his mouth, however, he was in no position to ask for anything. 

She slid the cock out of his mouth, immediately replacing it with her own mouth glued to his, her tongue sliding in to his mouth and dancing around. "Oh, baby...you don't know how sexy that was. I wish I had a camera right now."

"Darn the luck. You can't get a picture of me sucking a cock..."

"I've got something else to show you."

"There's more?"

"Oh, yes." Reaching again into the small case, she pulled out a small black harness. It consisted of a triangular patch of black leather about 4 inches wide and 6 inches long, attached to a thick elastic waist band and two smaller elastic leg straps. Then she pulled out a small O–shaped ring with three snaps attached to it.

"Look at it. I take this ring and slide it over the cock down to the balls," she said, demonstrating. "Then I use the snaps to attach it to the harness." She now had the cock strapped into place. "Then I just slip it on. And look," she said turning the leather strip inside out. "See these little nubs here? They rub against my clit. That way I can cum while I'm fucking you. Just like if I was a man."

"Looks like they thought of everything."

"All it takes is a willing partner."

"And where do you think you'll find that?"

"I think I've already found him. He just needs convincing."

"You can't fuck with me with that cock. It's too big. There's just no way."

"You fucked me in the ass, and look..." she said, unsnapping the cock from the harness and sliding it down his chest and belly and resting it next to his cock, "your cock is about the same size as this one. In fact," she said, reaching out to gently stroke his shaft, "I think yours is bigger. And I know it's harder."

"You can't get me to roll over and take it like a man by complimenting my cock. But thank you, anyway."

"OK. We'll talk about it later," she said, climbing back on top of him and beginning her movements again. "We've got other things we can do in the mean time." She slid her hands down between her legs, stroking his cock, then rubbing it against her wet slit and slapping her clit.

"Put me inside you."

"You want your cock inside me, lover?"

"Yes."

"Like this?" she said, smiling as she placed the tip at her entrance. "Is that what you want?"

"Yes."

She took just the tip of his cock inside her, holding it in place without moving her hips. When he tried to thrust upward to move deeper into her, she moved up with him, keeping just the tip inside her. 

"Easy, lover...a little at a time." Slowly, she began to rock her hips, allowing another inch of his cock to enter her, before sliding up and almost completely off him again. She kissed him hard, her eyes open and looking into his. Seeing the need on his face, she smiled against his lips. His hands had reached up to grab her back as he felt his cock sliding into her. He moved them down to her hips now, trying in vain to control her movements. She stopped him though, not allowing more than an inch of his cock inside her. He could feel her hand between her legs rubbing her clit, occasionally brushing up against his shaft.

She was getting into the sensation more now, and began moving harder against him, taking more and more of his cock into her wet pussy. She slid all the way down on him, burying his cock deep inside her, then again slid off him until just the tip remained. She maintained that rhythm, lost in her own world, her eyes closed, biting her lower lip. Then her mouth opened in silent moans.

"Oh, yes, baby...that's good," he grunted, moving his hips to thrust deeper into her. She started moving faster on him now, sliding his cock in and out of her. She was gripping his shoulders for leverage as she moved faster. Suddenly, her whole body tensed, her legs squeezing his hips, and a series of low moans escaped her throat. She collapsed against him, and stopped her movements.

"Mmm...that was a good one...was it good for you?"

"I'm close to cumming. Don't stop." Ignoring him, she lifted herself off of him until his cock popped wetly out of her. Then she lay down on top of him again.

"Not yet..." she said, laying her head on his chest, idly stroking his chest and stomach. "I'll go down on you in a minute. Maybe I'll let you cum in my mouth." They lay there not moving for a few moments, his arms around her. Then she began to plant light kisses on his chest as she gently toyed with his nipple.

Her lips moved down then, led by her fingers lightly touching, and she began kissing his stomach. His hands clenched her shoulders as she looked up at him and smiled, continuing her feather-light kisses on his stomach, moving slowly downward. Her hand strayed down to his thigh, stroking down to his knee and back up slowly. She used her lips to trap his cock against his stomach, gently sucking on just the head, never breaking her gaze from his. His hands reached down to grasp her head, trying to make her take the whole length of him into her mouth, but she twisted away, shaking her finger at him in admonishment.

"Not yet, lover," she said, as she continued her teasing sucking of the head of his cock. She reached down to cup his balls in her hand, gently kneading them. Using the same hand, she took his hard cock in her hand, holding it straight up. She rubbed her cheek against it, then slowly licked up the length of it to the head. In one quick move, she slid her mouth down on his cock, sliding down until the head hit the back of her throat. His hips raised off the bed, and he moaned and grabbed her shoulders. But just as quickly, she slid off him again and released his cock, allowing it to slap wetly back against his stomach. He groaned in frustration.

She pulled herself up on her knees beside him, stroking his thigh with one hand and his stomach with the other. She planted her right leg next to him, then swung her left across his hips, so that she was straddling his cock facing away from him. She laid her body down across his thighs, her breasts resting on his shins, until her mouth was at his feet. His cock was trapped between her pussy and his stomach. She gently rocked her hips, sliding her wet lips back and forth across his cock. 

He put his hands on her hips and started to move under her, sliding his cock back and forth along her slick lips. She took his left foot gently into her hand, holding it as he squirmed. She slid her mouth down over his big toe and scratched the sole of his foot, causing his whole body to tense from the tickling sensation. She sucked on his toe like it was a small cock, snaking her tongue around it and moving her mouth up and down. He grabbed her hips, trying to pull her back, but failing. After sucking on it for another moment, she pushed herself up to a sitting position, her weight resting on his hips. She slid her hands up his legs and across his thighs, scratching lightly with her nails. 

"Baby, if you don't stop teasing me, I'm going to explode," he said, his hands raking down her back.

"Don't worry, you'll cum," she said, looking back over her shoulder. "Just enjoy the view while I enjoy the ride." She lifted up her hips then, and taking his cock in her hand, guided it into her pussy. She brought her full weight down on him, impaling herself on his hard prick, eliciting an excited moan from him. She started to slowly move up and down on him, raising up until just the head remained between her shining wet lips, then taking the whole length of his cock back inside her. She grabbed his thighs to give her leverage. Looking down, he could watch his cock slide in and out of her.

She started to move up and down faster on him now, and he could tell from her breathing that she was nearing another orgasm. He was getting closer, too, and started to move his hips under her, wanting to cum soon in case she decided to stop again. Then he felt her finger brush against his cock and realized she was furiously rubbing her clit as she moved on him. Suddenly, her body tensed as she slid down on him, and her nails dug into his thigh as she orgasmed around his cock. He was close to cumming himself and continued to move his hips, moving his cock just a little inside her. But as soon as her orgasm subsided, she slid his cock out of her, and lay back against him, the whole length of her body on top of his.
