 She moved her hips to the beat and smiled to herself. Oh, yes, this was what she had been wanting for so long! That nasty breakup last month, the weeks of moping and self-pity…and then suddenly she snapped out of it. Everything her friends had said about her ex sank in. He was indeed a jerk, and an undeserving piece of shit, and a totally egocentric bastard. It was like she woke up one day a completely new person. The sky was bluer, the grass was greener, the wind was crisper, and that guy in her bio class she’d somehow never noticed before, well, he was sexy as hell. 

On that first day back from her personal pity party, she raced into bio two minutes late, flushed from running across campus, and there he was. She couldn’t stop staring. He was tall, which was a definite plus for a 5’10” girl, and his arms were impressively muscled. His eyes drew her attention the most, though. Deep brown, with that glint that suggested he was most definitely not keeping his attention on the task at hand. He smiled at her, and she felt her skin go hot. 

His frat threw a party the next weekend. She knew he’d be there. She spent more than an hour carefully preparing for the evening, pulling out her most suggestive clothing, finally deciding on a short skirt, tight, silky top, strappy heels, with the requisite sexy undergarments. She checked herself out in the mirror before leaving and smiled. Long legs, slim waist, feminine curves, softly curled hair, smoky gray eyes…she knew she looked good.

And now here she was, dancing to the heavy bass, looking for him in the crowd. She didn’t see him yet, but she kept dancing, swaying, moving her hips in suggestive circles, smiling absently at the hopeful young men around her.

He saw her before she saw him. He was coming down the stairs, looking around at the various females in attendance, when he noticed her on the dance floor. He recognized her, of course. How could he forget her appearance in class earlier that week, when she came in flushed and out of breath, staring at him with those bedroom eyes? He got hot just thinking about how she would look sprawled on a bed, panting for different reasons. 

As the song changed to a different beat, she tossed her hair and looked around the room again, and then she saw him on the stairs. Their eyes met and she smiled, raising an eyebrow: what are you waiting for? He smiled back. His eyes never left hers as he made his way toward her; the intensity of his stare made her dizzy. They danced together for a while, their hips suggesting things their minds weren’t coherent enough to find words for. Finally he couldn’t take it anymore. He whispered in her ear that his room was upstairs…and she whispered back, “So why are we still here?”

He grabbed her hand and led her up the stairs to his single, closing the door behind him. When he turned around she was standing in the middle of the room, beckoning him with those eyes and that slight, naughty smile. 

He covered the distance between them and began kissing her hungrily. His hands were everywhere. She was kissing him back, moaning when he found a particularly sensitive spot, panting when his mouth left hers to explore her ears and neck; his fingers traced her collarbones and she shivered. 

Her hands reached for his waist and soon his shirt was off. His hands ran over her silky top and then under it, and then it was off and his hands moved to her hips. Their lips met again while he slid a hand up her thigh. She gasped; her hands gripped his arms. He moved his fingers and she arched her back, eyes closed. It had been so long since she had felt these things…she bit her lip to hold back a cry as her release washed through her. He watched her orgasm sweep over her, not slowing his fingers until she opened her eyes. 

God, he loved the just-fucked look! She smiled at him, still panting. Her eyes were smoldering, promising him a reward for his efforts. She stepped away from him, raising his hand to her lips and kissing his fingers. She licked the tip of his index finger and it was his turn to gasp. 

They could still hear the beat from downstairs, and she began to sway to the music again. Her hands went to the back of her skirt. She slid it over her hips and stood there in only her black bra, black thong, and black heels. He was straining the seams of his pants as she moved her hips in the same slow, seductive dance as before. 

She unclasped her bra and let it fall to the floor. He stared at her breasts; though not huge, perhaps between a B and C cup, they were firm, and they swayed with her body movements. He wanted to reach out and touch her, run his hands over her hard nipples, hear her moan again, but she was turning away from him, bending over, sliding her thong down her long legs. He saw the effect he had between her legs; moisture was gathering there, shining wickedly in the pink folds. 

He sighed as she straightened up, stepping delicately out of the pile of her clothing. She was still smiling as she danced toward him, reaching for his waist again to undo his belt and pants. Now he stood in his boxers, very aware of the sizeable bulge as she knelt in front of him. 

She slid her hands up his legs and gently across the front of his boxers. He twitched. She grabbed the elastic and carefully pulled his boxers down until he too was naked. She smiled up at him and leaned forward until he was inches from her mouth. He watched her tongue slip between her lips to touch the tip of him. He shuddered. She stroked his length with her fingers and licked the sensitive ridge just under the tip. Her tongue was massaging him, swirling and caressing, and he reached out to hold her head. She took him into her mouth, all the way into her throat, and he knew he couldn’t take much more, she had him so ready to explode.

He didn’t want it to end this way, though; he wanted to hear her moan and pant while he fucked her. He hauled her to her feet and kissed her roughly, moving her backwards toward his bed. In his haste he miscalculated the distance and they tumbled onto the mattress. He managed to stay on top, still kissing her, running his hands over her curves, teasing her nipples. Soon she was panting again, writhing beneath him. He moved between her legs and she guided him to her entrance. One thrust, and he was in her, buried deep, and she cried out softly. 

He paused briefly to avoid losing control. She took the opportunity to flip them over so that she was straddling his hips. She smiled at him and began her dancing motions, rising and falling and circling, faster and faster. She came again, moaning, and her entire body tensed for one long moment, squeezing tight around him before relaxing. He grabbed her hips to keep her still while he thrust furiously for a few more seconds, and then he came, too. She could feel him spilling into her in waves, sending mini-orgasms rippling through her body.

She collapsed on to the bed beside him. They lay there, exhausted and content. He pulled the blankets over them both and they drifted off to sleep. She smiled to herself, not knowing or caring what the morning would bring. Oh, yes, this was definitely what she had wanted.