 You come into the bar and see me on the dance floor as you squeeze through the crowd. I am wearing a tight black dress, hugging each curve of my body. It is short and you can see my thighs peek over the top of my stockings when my dress rides up as I move with the music. You stand at the edge of the dance floor, watching me as I dance. You move out to the floor and step up close behind me.

I can feel as your hands rest on my hips and you move in close to me. You move along with my body as the music pounds. You bring your face in to my neck and give light kisses as you continue to move along with me. I can feel as your cock begins to harden and press into my ass. You move a hand up towards my breast and grab at it as you continue to kiss at my neck.

I move my head back against your shoulder as you grab a tighter hold on my breast. You press your cock harder against my ass as I swing my hips, rubbing you and driving you wild. You run your other hand down to one of my thighs, playing with the edge of my stocking and running your fingers along my bare thigh. I bring my hands behind me and run them along your thighs in return.

I grind my ass into your cock as you bite my neck. I turn to face you and bring my hand down to rub the bulge in your pants. You moan a little as you feel the pressure rubbing through your slacks. You bring a hand down between us and run your hand up my thigh, finding a lack of panties. I smile sinfully at you as your own grin forms on your lips.

You move your finger along my slit a little before pulling your hand away. I can feel my own arousal building as you take it away. You bring that same hand to my lips and I can smell myself on them faintly. I lick at your fingers as they linger on my lips. You stick one finger in as I suck at it, running my tongue in circles around it. You pull me closer to you with your other hand, pressing it firmly against my ass.

I move one thigh between yours and my dress rides a little higher, exposing more of my thigh. I grind hard against you as we dance. I can still feel your hard cock as it presses against me. I have my arms wrapped around your neck, while yours have both moved so your hands are cradling my ass. I lean up to your ear and in a seductive voice say, “I want you to fuck me here, right now.”

You pull me in even closer and I feel as you rub your cock against me through our clothes. I moan into your ear as you slowly push me towards a mirrored wall. I reach down and undo your pants, then reach in and slide your cock out. I run my hand along it a bit, feeling the warmth coming off it. You pull up one of my thighs and slowly push your way inside of my wet pussy. As you are consumed by my insides, my muscles constrict against you.

You thrust into me, forcing me against the mirrored wall. You can see the people dancing around behind us and then the lights go out. The only light comes from the occasional flash of a strobe light. You start to slide faster as my slickness glazes your cock. I can see you grinning with each flash of light and you beat into me as the music flows through our bodies. I can feel the heat of our union and begin to moan. You continue to thrust, our moans and grunts drowned out by the thumping of the music.

You continue to stroke my insides with your cock and then soon there is an explosion inside of me as the music hits a high point. I can feel your hot come as it sprays into me and soon I am coming as well. Our muscles spasm, almost in time to the music as you pull out of me and let my leg down.

You put yourself away and zip up as I arrange my dress. You grab my arm and start leading me from the club. We get outside where you pull me in close and kiss me hard. You then begin moving again and lead me behind you. We are heading towards the parking lot when you undo your pants and tell me, “I want you to suck my cock.” I run my hands down to your undone zipper and pull out your hardening cock again. I lean down and lick a bit as it continues to stiffen. I pull it into my mouth, feeling as it hardens fully along the insides of my cheeks and against my tongue.

I slide my mouth along your length and you can feel my piercing as it slides with my tongue against you. I move slowly as I devour you, tasting every bit as it slips in and out. I move my tongue around, encircling your cock again and again. You bring your hands down into my hair and in a deep voice say, “Oh god that feels so fucking good.” I increase my persistence as you continue to penetrate my mouth.

I moan as you slide in and out faster and I can feel as you start to twitch in my mouth and come shoots down my throat, coating it. I gulp quickly so as not to waste any of your tasty juices. I pull my mouth away, cleaning the remains with my tongue as my piercing strokes your flesh.

As soon as I am standing before you, you push me back against a car. You kneel between my thighs as your hands spread them showing you my slick and bare pussy. You use your fingers to pull apart my lips, exposing the goodies beneath.

You bring your face in fast as your tongue glides over my clit. You taste my wetness and moan against my clit. The vibrations send shivers through me as you continue to lap my stiff, little lump. Your tongue slides deep inside my pussy as you move your face from side to side. You slowly slide your tongue upwards, withdrawing from my pussy as it slips up and over my clit again, flicking it hard as I jump from the sensation.

You circle your tongue around my clit and then bring two fingers into me while resting your thumb towards the base of my button. You move the fingers in and out and with each inward motion, you rub your thumb from side to side on the bottom as your tongue continues to flick along the topside.

I begin to feel the orgasm build and start to thrust myself into your craving mouth. I start to say, rather loudly, “I am so close, don’t fucking STOP!”

You move faster, still running your fingers into and along me as my walls begin to clench against them. You ravage me there on the hood of the car as my juice leaks out. You pull out your fingers and bring them to my mouth, where I greedily suck the flavor from them. You finish me off and then pull me to stand before you.

You lick my lips and then I can taste myself as your tongue slides between them. We stand there, kissing for a long time, allowing our tongues to play as my flavor begins to fade. Your tongue slips along mine as you kiss me harder, beginning to stir that heat within me again. My beast that was so satisfied is awakening again.

As you kiss me, you pull at my tongue piercing, teasing and playing with it…and me. I let it run along your lower lip as we part, leaving the feel of the warm steel behind. You then lead me towards a car and open the door, allowing me to step into the back seat. I get in and you follow behind, closing the door, leaving us in darkness. I can feel your hands as the slide my dress up over my head, leaving me in my stockings, boots and bra.

I undo your pants again, this time sliding them down a bit along with your boxers. Your cock is hard and upright as I swing a leg over you and slowly slide down. You slip in easily and I move all the way down, allowing you full access. You bring your hands up and undo my bra, allowing my voluptuous breasts their freedom. You clamp your teeth down lightly against a nipple as I start to slide up and down on your cock.

You squeeze both my breasts in your strong hands, licking and nibbling incessantly. I continue to bounce on your lap and start to move faster. You begin thrusting upward to meet my downward stroke. I moan loudly as you bottom out inside me. I keep rising and falling, letting you hit it again and again, bringing myself closer to surrender. You pinch and grab my breasts harder as you too are close.

You bring one nipple into your mouth and suck hard at it as I reach my climax. I cry out loudly as it spreads through me. You continue to push into me as I come and I continue to moan and scream as the intensity increases. Soon you are moaning into my chest as I feel your wet heat spray inside my depths. We each relax as the final eruptions subside. You are still inside me as you soften and I lean in to kiss you, biting at your lower lip as I finish.

I move to get off you and you hold me down. “I’m not done with you yet, my sweet,” you say in a slightly naughty voice. You kiss me deeply as I feel your erection grow inside me.

“Oh GOD!” I manage to say as you start filling my insides again.

“I want you to face away from me now,” you say as you start to lift me off you. I turn around in the small confines of the car and then rest myself down onto your lap again, now facing away.

You pull my hips down towards you as you thrust up into me. You strike my spot again and I cry out a little at the shock. You pull me harder and faster against your cock. I moan with each plunge as you take me again. I move with you, allowing for full penetration and pleasure. I rock back and forth as your cock drives in and out.

The windows of the car are completely fogged from the heat of our bodies and our breathing and I brace myself against one, the coolness of the glass exhilarating me as you continue to pound. I pull my hand away from the window, leaving a handprint that soon starts to drip from the collected moisture.

I lean my head back and you can feel my hair tickling you as it lightly touches your chest and stomach. You bring a hand up and intertwine it through my hair towards the base of my head. You bring your other hand forward and massage my clit as we continue to fuck.

You bring your mouth close to my back and kiss a little and then suddenly sink your teeth into my flesh. I let out a scream as all my lust is focused to a point and unleashed between my thighs. My orgasm hits like a storm as I maintain my riding. You bring the hand from my clit to my nipple and roll it between your fingertips. I can feel the slickness there from the mixture of our liquids.

You pull a little harder at my hair as you unleash your own storm within me. I lean back towards you as our movements slow and you kiss at my back. Our breathing regulates and our heart rates resume a normal pace.

I lift myself off you and grab my bra. As I fasten it you say, “That was amazing. I never did catch your name.”

“Who needs a name?” I respond. “Not knowing adds to the mystery and heat of this night, don’t you agree?”

“Yes, I suppose so,” you say as you pull up your pants. I pull my dress back on and then as I prepare to leave the car you grab me and plant a firm and very sexual kiss on my lips. I linger a moment longer, contemplating giving you my phone number. I then open the door and step out.

Just before shutting the door I say, “I come here every Saturday night and I never wear panties.” I wink and then close the door and walk to my car.