 "Oh God, oh God," the twenty-two-year-old cried loudly as she flung her naked body down once more, impaling herself on the hard cock of the equally naked twenty-five-year-old man underneath her. 

Sweat ran down her small heaving breasts. She flung her head back, sending long brunette hair in every direction as she approached the edge of orgasm. The equally dark-haired young man beneath her neared the same pinnacle with equal ferocity, grabbing her waist tightly and thrusting his cock deep inside of her. His breaths were no less labored, his skin no less damp. They had been fucking like rabbits, to use one of the girl's favorite expressions, for the last half hour.

"Fuck!" she yelled in an even louder voice. "Fucking yes! Fuck me, give me that big beautiful cock! Shove it in me!" 

The sound of her voice at that level, they both knew, made it a certainty that they would undoubtedly hear another complaint from Mrs. Merriman, the seventy-five-year-old woman who's bedroom was on the other side of the wall. Hardly a week went by that the woman didn't complain about the noise of their lovemaking, or the young woman's propensity to scream during it. Curiously, they had yet to ever get a complaint from Mr. Merriman.

"Oh, baby, I'm ... going ... to ... come," the young man said, his words punctuated by attempts to catch his breath. 

"Not yet!" the girl yelled back, throwing herself against him one more time. "Just another minute..." 

"I can't," he panted, "I can..."

His words never finished as he felt his cock explode within her. An eruption that didn't even give her pause as she put everything she had into one final burst of energy and followed him into a paroxysm of passion.

Their bodies shook with erotic energy as they thrashed back and forth, lost in the blind fury of their climax. Neither was aware that the other was even there until the last of their bodyquakes subsided and they collapsed into a hot, sweaty heap upon each other. 

"Oh, Sally," Barry said almost too low to be heard as he closed in eyes in exhaustion. 

Her eyes closed, the young woman was tired to the point that she felt she didn't even have the strength to answer. At least not yet.

Barry had met Sally at a singles mixer at the community center two years before and had immediately fallen in love with her. Something that wasn't an unusual occurrence for the then twenty-year-old. Young men had been falling for her almost since she had turned thirteen. What was an extraordinary development, at least from Barry's perspective, was that almost from the same moment, Sally seemed to feel the same way about him.

Barry Adams stood five seven and weighed a hundred and fifty pounds. He had short brown hair and a face that some women considered handsome, but that he had always thought of as just average. Prior to meeting Sally, he'd had five relationships in his life, only two of which could ever have been considered serious.

Sally Liebowitz was an inch shorter, forty pounds lighter and three years younger. A long-haired brunette with a slim figure and medium-sized breasts, she had astonished the then assistant office manager when not only did she accept his invitation to dance at the mixer, but agreed to have dinner with him the following week.

Several dates followed that and by the end of the month they were sharing a bed as well. Neither Barry or Sally had been a virgin the first night they slept together, but when faced with his new girlfriend's seemingly unlimited sexual energy, Barry felt almost intimidated.

They had moved in together a year later, much to the envy and in some cases, disbelief of some of his friends. Deep in his heart, Barry sometimes had difficulty believing it too. 

In the weeks and months that followed, Barry found that their first night together had been only the tip of the iceberg. It became apparent that Sally was a sexual adventurer, constantly looking for new and exciting thrills. Thrills that she wanted Barry to share.

It took a little getting used to. Barry was hardly in the habit of having his girlfriend go down on him in public places as Sally liked to do. Or even, on a few occasions, fucking him in public as well. Still, despite what he had to admit was a strange relationship at times, he couldn't argue that life with Sally was certainly a lot of fun.

And it wasn't just his sex life that Sally made a big improvement in. With her help, he had moved up from one of four assistant office managers to the office manager when the current department head retired. He wasn't sure how she did it, but somehow Sally convinced old Mr. Johnson that Barry was the best choice, despite two of the other assistants being his senior. 

It was a promotion that caused some resentment at the office, but Barry worked twice as hard as before to prove he was the best man for the job. "If the others didn't like it," Sally constantly told him, "Screw them, they can go work somewhere else."

Yes, the woman lying naked against his shoulder certainly had turned his life totally around.

-=-=-=-

"Did you enjoy yourself lover?" Sally asked as she pressed up against Barry some time later, her hand stroking his still spent manhood.

"You have to ask?" Barry said as he looked down and grinned as his male pride failed to respond to her touch. "I think we can be certain that we'll be hearing from Mrs. Merriman again." 

It had become a running joke between the two lovers that a complaint from their neighbor was the best indication of how good a lovemaking session had been.

"Fuck Mrs. Merriman," Sally laughed. "Not literally of course, I wouldn't let her get within ten feet of this wonderful cock. Still, maybe someone should give the old lady a thrill. She probably hasn't been laid since my mother was in diapers."

Both of them laughed at the joke.

"So it's safe to say that you're in a pretty good mood right now," Sally continued as she abandoned her attempts at resuscitation.

"I'd say yes," Barry replied, wondering where this was going.

"Great!" Sally said excitedly as she exhibited a burst of new energy and jumped off the bed, running to the nearby dresser and taking a long white envelope from the top drawer. "I have a surprise for you."

Whenever Sally said that, Barry was never sure if he should feel excited or worried. The brunette gave no inkling of which as she smiled and with a running start, jumped back onto the bed. She landed hard enough to cause the heavy headboard to crash against the wall once more. 

"Guess what I got?" she said as she lay across the bed and held up the envelope.

"I'm almost afraid to," Barry replied, looking down at her ass sticking up in the air and feeling the first stirrings of renewed life between his legs, "but I'm sure you're going to tell me."

"I got a response to our ad," Sally said excitedly as she opened the envelope and pulled out the three sheets of paper that had been inside it.

"Our ad?" Barry repeated.

"Okay, my ad," Sally corrected herself.

Barry watched as Sally unfolded the pages and handed them to him. A glance showed them to be a hard copy of an email and two printer generated photographs. Sally watched silently as her lover read the letter and looked at the pictures.

"You can't be serious about this one?" he said as he looked at the photos.

"I most certainly am," Sally replied in a hard tone.

Realizing that she was indeed quite serious, Barry took another look at the images in his hand and read the letter again. As he did, his thoughts drifted back to a night fourteen months before. 

-=-=-=-

Sally and Barry were having dinner at a nice restaurant to celebrate their one-year anniversary. Barry had been in a really great mood that night as well, most of it due to the unexpected suggestion Sally had made the night before. Seeing that things were going so well between the two of them, she had said, maybe they should give some real serious thought to maybe moving in together. It wasn't marriage, a subject he would rather have discussed, but it a pretty positive step in that direction.

Over dinner, Barry told Sally that he had indeed given it serious thought and he felt it was a great idea. Sally had been overjoyed, a feeling her lover shared, at least until the woman on the other side of the table dropped her second bombshell in twenty-four hours.

In between the main course and dessert, Sally unexpectedly said that since they were so secure in their relationship, maybe it was time for them to add a little more spice to their sex life. Considering the spices the audacious twenty-one year old had already brought in the last twelve months, Barry couldn't imagine what she was considering now. When she told him, he was utterly speechless. 

"I think we should try a three-way," she said, taking a long slip of wine as soon as the last word left her lips.

Barry had already taken a drink from his own glass and almost spit it out in surprise. Somehow, he managed to swallow it without choking. 

"A three-way?" he repeated when he was able to speak again.

"Yes," Sally said in that same tone. "I think it would be a lot of fun. That is, if you think that our relationship is solid enough for us to share a lover." she paused a moment, taking another small sip and added. "After all, its just sex."

A small incident from the previous week now made sense to Barry, at least he thought it did. Waiting in line for a movie, they had run into Sally's college roommate, Rachel Brown. The blond was coming out after having seen the same film. Sally introduced the two of them to each other and took a few minutes to catch up on things with her former classmate. While she did, it was all Barry could do not to stare at Rachel's prodigious chest. As inappropriate as that might be, it was almost impossible not to look. He was, after all, a guy.

The line began to move and the two old friends said their good-byes, promising to have lunch later in the week. As they did, Barry was just relieved that neither of them had caught him checking out her assets.

Once they were in their seats and waiting for the film to start, Barry commented that Rachel seemed a nice girl and that the two of them must've been good friends back in school.

"Rachel had a lot of friends," Sally had replied. "Back in college she chased after other girls just as much as she did guys."

The lights dimmed at that moment and the picture began, cutting short any chance Barry might have had to ask Sally if she had been one of those Rachel had caught. Not that he was sure he would even ask the question. If Sally didn't feel the need to volunteer the information, he didn't think he was brave enough to ask.

Now, sitting at the restaurant table, he thought he had that answer. Obviously, they had that promised lunch and Rachel was the one Sally wanted to join them in bed.

A broad grin filled Barry's face. How lucky can a guy get, he asked himself. To have a girlfriend who invites another girl into your bed and not only lets you fuck the girlfriend, but then gets it on with her too.

"Well if it's really something you want to do," Barry said, "then I'm up for it." 

If his ladylove had chosen that moment to look under the table that separated them, she would see that truer words had never been said. 

"That's great!" Sally gushed. "I know you and Ray are going to get along fine." Then, leaning closer to him so that only he could hear what she said, she whispered, "Just the thought of having the two of you fuck me is getting me wet already."

Normally, the thought of Sally getting hot and horny would make Barry hard as a rock. This time, her words suddenly transformed him to limp as a noodle. All he kept hearing was the name, Ray, over and over in his head.

"Ray?" he finally said out loud.

"Yes, Ray Thompson from my office," Sally said. "You met him at the holiday party last month, tall, blond hair, very handsome. He's being transferred to the San Diego branch next month and I thought this would make one hell of a goodbye gift. I know he'd be interested."

"But I thought you were talking about Rachel?" Barry said.

"Rachel?" Sally replied somewhat surprised. "Why would you think that? Rachel stopped seeing men right after we graduated. She's totally into girls now. Didn't I tell you that?"

"No, you left that part out," Barry said.

"That's funny, I really thought I did."

A few heartbeats passed as the two of them just looked at each other.

"Look, Barry," Sally finally said, "if sharing me with Ray for a night is a little too far out there for you, then maybe we should just forget it." 

Resisting the urge to let out a deep breath, the twenty-four year old felt a wave of relief wash over him.

A wave that lasted a few seconds longer until Sally then added; "I just thought that we had something really special going and that you could handle a little free-spirited challenge."

A cold fear replaced Barry's sense of relief. What if Sally now felt that they didn't have that something special? Would she still want them to move in together, or worse, reconsider being with him at all?

"No, it's not a problem," Barry quickly said, figuring damage control was the best thing he could do right now. "I just thought you were talking about Rachel, that's all."

"I'm glad," Sally said, a smile again filling her face. "I'd hate to think I was wrong about us."

"Of course you weren't wrong," Barry said, telling himself that after all, like Sally had said, it was just sex.

When the night of their menage a trois finally arrived, Barry was surprised to find that once things got started, having Ray in bed with the two of them didn't bother him all that much. Sally was totally hot and all over the two of them. They, in turn, were all over her as well, taking turns fucking her. The one with his cock not buried deep in her pussy got to rest in her equally wet and warm mouth.

It wasn't until, in the mists of passion, Barry realized that the mouth so expertly sucking his cock wasn't Sally's that the whole situation turned strange again. Having a man give him head set him back for a few moments, but even that faded when he realized that he didn't feel any real difference. In fact, Ray seemed to be better at it than some of the women Barry had dated. 

Thankfully, Ray didn't seem to expect his host to reciprocate, because that was something Barry really didn't think he could handle. Instead, Sally slid Ray's cock into her mouth and spread her legs to let her lover go down on her as well. Locked in a circle on the carpeted floor, the three of them sucked each other off until one by one, each of them came. 

Lying in bed after Ray had gone home, Sally asked Barry what he thought of the experience. It wasn't unusual for her to ask him questions after they tried something new. Honestly, he told her that it actually had been fun and more than a little interesting. He also said that he didn't think that he could ever do to a guy what Ray had done to him.

Sally listened and then said that she understood. Bisexuality wasn't something everyone was comfortable with. Of course, she added, since she wasn't going to get to see Barry play with another man, then he shouldn't expect to see her with a woman either.

That caused him a certain measure of disappointment since like many guys, the idea of seeing his girl with another woman was a perennial fantasy. Yet on the positive side, he thought as he drifted off to sleep, that should be the end of any more three-way encounters.

A month and a half later, after they'd moved in together, Sally made yet another startling announcement. She had invited another couple to dinner and she told Barry that the invitees were into swapping partners. 

Like Ray Thompson, Thelma Warren also worked for the same company as Sally. Barry remembered her as a tall, very attractive black woman about his age with tightly braided black hair that hung half way down her back. Her husband, Larry, he learned when they arrived, was an even taller, powerfully built man. He was bigger than Barry, Sally told him later, in every way.

After socializing over dinner and a few more drinks afterwards, Sally walked over to Larry and gave him an open mouth kiss as she reached down and felt between his legs. In response, the tall man reached over and squeezed Sally's left breast, massaging the braless nipple through her dress. The hostess then took his hand and led him in the direction of the bedroom, saying that Barry and Thelma could have the living room to play in.

Watching the bedroom door close behind the two of them, Barry was unsure what to say to Mrs. Warren. Turning to face her, he found that words weren't really necessary at that point. Thelma had taken off the black dress she had worn to dinner and was now standing there in black panties, a bra cut so low that her ample bust was practically spilling out of it and a set of matching garters. 

Walking over to Barry, she slipped her tongue into his mouth and her hands down his pants. A smile of appreciation filled her face as her fingers took the measure of his manhood. In no time at all, Barry's pants were down around his ankles and Thelma, who had dropped down to her knees, had traded the tongue in her mouth for his cock.

Again later in the night, Sally questioned her boyfriend about the experience. Yes, he had a really good time with Thelma, he said, stating that she had turned out to be just as uninhibited as Sally. It was also interesting to be with a black woman, he admitted. This had been the first time he had even seen one naked, other than in a men's magazine. 

Sally told him that was one of the reasons she had invited them over when Thelma confided in her that she and her husband were into swinging. She had never been with a black man either, and while she didn't believe the stories about them all having monster cocks, she thought it would be interesting as well. 

Barry didn't have to ask if interesting was all that Sally found being with Larry to be. Not when her cries of "Fuck me harder" carried all the way to the living room. It had been another night that Mrs. Merriman wasn't going to get a good night's sleep. He was curious, however, as to why Thelma told her that they were into swinging in the first place. It wasn't exactly the sort of thing that came up over a coffee break. 

Actually, their discussion really didn't start out as being about swinging, Sally explained. The truth was that Thelma had been trying to pick up the brunette for over a month. Thelma, like Rachel, was into girls. 

After Sally had explained to Thelma what she had told Barry about not having a girl/girl scene with him, the ebony-skinned woman had suggested that maybe they could start off swapping partners for the night. Maybe after he got to know them, or at least her in the biblical sense, he might change his mind. 

Barry thought it best not to mention that while he was screwing Thelma, the thought of her with Sally was very much on his mind. The image of the two of them together only added to the force of his climax. But as enticing as the mental picture was, the price of having her husband's cock in his mouth, or god-forbid, a much more personal orifice, was too high to even consider. 

What he did mention, was that the more he thought about it, the more he thought it a bad idea for them to keep getting involved with people from Sally's office. People they had to interact with on other levels as well. If things were to go bad over something that happened during one of these sessions, it could cause some on the job problems for Sally. And they definitely wouldn't want her nocturnal adventures to become the stuff of office gossip. 

Sally said she could see his point and would think about it. Then, just as easily, she kissed him goodnight and rolled over and went to sleep. 
