 "When did I get old?" I silently ask myself as lie motionless in my hospital room. 

"My generation created the skateboard!" 

It seems like only yesterday I was flying off stairs, park benches and anything else we could ride on. But yesterday one simple stunt for my kids put me in the hospital. 

"I'm forty years old" I say through clinched teeth. "I'm old." I never thought I would get too old to do "Stuff." 

My dad used to say all the time "I'm too old for that kind of thing" but I never thought I would get to old for those kinds of things. 

"THIS SUCKS!" I yell out loud, too loud I guess, because my nurse is knocking on the door. 

"Is everything alright?" she asks. 

"NO" I answer, "I'm old and I can't do the things I want to do anymore." 

"It happens to all of us" she replies and smiles an understanding smile. "I'll be right outside if you need me" she says as she closes the door. 

This morning I tried to show my kid a few moves on the skateboard he got for Christmas. What I actually did though, was bust my butt. I broke my femur and both wrists. 

Twelve hours later I'm lying in a bed on the ortho floor. Now I'm helpless. I can't even wipe my own butt. 

I hear a knock on the door and my nurse pokes her head in. 

"You O.K.?" she asks. 

"Yea" I reply, "Sorry about before, I was a little upset." 

"I understand" she says "it's hard to accept limits sometimes." 

"My name is Sam" she says, as she sits down on the side of my bed. 

"In high school I was the guy that could do anything, and I always got the girl" I said with a wink. 

My nurse, who is probably 15 years younger then me, giggles a little and then touch's my hand. 

"You're not going to get anything with these arms" she says. 

"I know" I humbly reply "No sex with a broken leg, and with two broken wrist's I can't even jerk off." 

"Maybe I can help with that" she says as she makes her way to the door. "You get some rest and don't worry. I'll take care of you" and she walks out of my room. 

Get some rest, yeah right. I closed my eyes but my mind never slowed down. What did she mean when she said "I'll take care of you?" 

My imagination was running wild. 

In my dreams I could feel my nurse's long sexy fingernails as they rake across my chest and down to my dick. Her hands tenderly cupped my balls as her tongue tickled the length of my shaft. Then suddenly her lips wrap around the head and she plunges herself onto my dick. 

My body becomes tense with excitement as I watch her bob up and down, her pony tail swishing back and forth. "Sam" I moan. "Sam" I say louder. "SAM" I yell out as receive the best blow job ever. 

Suddenly reality comes crashing down on me as I hear a knock on the door and a sweet voice saying "I'm here; I'm here, are you all right." 

I didn't know what to say. The woman who was giving me fantastic head in my dream is now standing before for real. "Yeah, I'm all right" I finally stutter but she isn't buying it. She's giving me a hard look. I fell like she's examining me with her eyes. Layers are being peeled away and soon I will be exposed as the pervert that I am. 

She touches my bare leg, apparently uncovered during the throws of my dream. Her fingernails lightly rake against my skin as she moves up my thigh. She makes her way to my hip and lifts the blanket to reveal my quickly deflating erection. 

"I'm disappointed" she says as she closes and locks the door. "I was expecting so much more." 

My breaths are short and rapid. I don't know if I should be aroused or scared of this woman who apparently is in total control. 

Her fingernails began to trace a line up my stomach, along my chest and to my ear. She follows the edge of my jaw until one finger comes to rest on my lips. 

She leans over and whispers "let me take care of you."

A tingly sensation spreads through my body as her breath whistles past my ear. With her one finger she turns my head to one side and I shiver as she kisses my neck just behind my ear. 

She kisses my neck, each kiss a little lower then the last, until she reaches my shoulder. 

Her hands began to wander as she kisses my chest. The fingers of her right hand are running through my hair. Her left hand abandoned my lips and raked across my chest until it returned to my dick. She raised her head as her fingers curled around my rock hard shaft. 

"That's better" she says with a mischievous grin on her face. 

The tip of her tongue flicks my hard nipple and she returns to kissing my chest. Her kisses are clearly making her way toward my dick. Her hand is pumping the full length of my cock. The kisses stop as she reaches my crotch. 

Goose bumps cover my skin when I feel her warm breath on the wet head of my penis. My body becomes rigid as her tongue flicks the tinder organ. 

A moan slips from my lips as the feeling of ecstasy courses through me. But pleasure suddenly stops when I feel my head being pulled back by my hair. 

My sweet nurse is suddenly in my face. I feel her fingernail's piercing my dick like the claws of a wildcat into it's pray. 

"Don't make a sound" she hisses. "Any more noise from you and I'll gag you" she whispers in my ear with a sadistic tone. 

I don't think I have ever been so scared and turned on in my life.

Without anymore delay she returns to my cock and devours it. She slides up and down the full length of my dick without any hesitation. Her left hand is cupping and massaging my balls with amazing gentleness. Her right hand is caressing my face until her finger comes to rest on my lips. I open my mouth and began to suck her finger with the same tempo that she is sucking my dick. 

With steady progression she begins to suck harder and faster and harder and faster until her mouth is furiously slamming into my hips. 

I can't hold any longer. I try to tell her that I going to cum but I can't with her fingering my mouth. 

My body becomes stiff. I thrust my dick into her head and explode. She continues to suck my dick until my body relaxes and my cock becomes soft. 

She looks at me with a satisfied look on her face. "I told you I would take care of you" she says. "But now it's my turn" she says. 

I wasn't sure what to expect but I knew that it would be good. Sam kissed her fingers and then touched them to my lips. 

She untied her scrub bottoms as she did a sexy walk across the room. 

She let them fall to the ground as she turned around. Then she pulled her scrub top over her head revealing her bountiful chest.

She stood in full view before me. She was stunning. She had dark auburn hair that she wore back in a pony tail. She had big hazel eyes and dark red lips. Her skin was a pure ivory white that contrasted perfectly with her black bra and panties. 

She slowing removed her bra releasing her large firm breast. Her nipples were erect with small areoles. She ran her hands across her breast and along her side until her thumbs slid into the top of her panties. She slowly slipped her panties down her legs, bending over until her hands touched the floor. Then just as slowly she stood up rubbing her hands along her legs the whole way. 

She sensually walked over to a chair and sat down, first with her legs together but then she slow opened them showing me her perfectly trimmed pussy. She touched herself on her shoulders with her eyes closed, and her head thrown back. 

Then she rubbed her tits with her head thrown forward. 

When her hands finally reached her pussy she was looking right at me. 

She had a raw look of sexual desire on her face and her fingers began to work her pussy. Her hands worked at an ever faster pace and her breath became faster and shallower. 

She was plunging her fingers deep into her pussy faster and faster, harder and harder. 

She was gritting her teeth and staring hard at me when her body began to quiver. 

Her hands were working feverishly toward their orgiastic goal. With one hand she was driving three fingers into her wet cunt. With the other hand she was rubbing her clit at an unbelievable pace. 

She was pleasuring herself with amazing efficiency until her body suddenly began to jerk. 

She was still fingering herself but now they were uncoordinated jabs into her pussy as powerful orgasms overtook her. Her breathing became erratic and it seemed as though her eyes were rolling back into her head. Exhausted; she fell limp in the chair as all her movements stopped. 

Her breathing returned to normal soon after she collapsed and after a few minutes of rest she was able to sit up. 

She looked at me for a few moments before she started to gather her clothes and redress. 

Before she left she placed her fingers on my lips. I could smell the sweet pussy juices. I opened my mouth and sucked on the three fingers that had been in her pussy just a moment ago. 

Sam leaned down to my ear and whispered "get some rest old man, I'll take care of you" and then she walked out of the room. 

Sam took care of me all right. I was in the hospital for four days; they were best four days of my life.