 I’ve used computers in my work for a long time.  I am very up on many complex computer programs.  For the longest time, I never really paid any attention to the cyber sex chat rooms.  They seemed like such a waste of time to me for so long.  Then one of my good friends told me what I was really missing.  I told her I would get a free trial membership to one of the big chat room hosts and give it a try for a few months.  I did.

Needless to say, I became hooked.  It did not take me long to figure out that you can’t trust anything you see, hear or read in the chat rooms.  I have never laughed so hard at some of the photos I get sent by some guys. One night in a chat room I had three different guys all send me the very same photo of themselves.  The weight lifter they picked out of the thumbnails from somewhere was not only the same one, but on two of them they never even removed the web-address at the bottom of the page.

I meet a lot of interesting people and engage in chatting with a large diverse group of people.  It surprised me at how fast some guys wanted to have sex.  Some of them it is age, sex, location and send me your naked photo or they leave.  I always let them go.  Some others want free phone sex. Most of those even want you to pay for the call! I tell them to call the 900 number and pay for it.

I have met and actually have several very long term relationships with a couple of men.  This really surprised me.  All three of them were very, very intelligent, skilled and fun to be with.  The main guy I was with I have no idea of anything about him other than he  says he works for a fortune 500 company going around the country giving financial seminars.  I have attended several of these type seminars, and I wonder if he gave any of them.  I’m going to call him “Tom” here.

Tom and I met in a romantic chat room and chatted for at least two full hours the first time we met.  I think we both realized we found some thing special in each other that night.  Neither of us seemed to be in a hurry to take our clothes off with each other.  We both knew we were going to do it, but it was not hurried or rushed.  Tom was great at teasing me.  He was also great at turning me on.  He could drop some hints and the next thing I knew I was turning on the fan next to my computer to cool myself down.

Tom talked me into something I have never experienced before (or since) in my life.  I’m going to tell you about it, from the beginning that night.  I came on at my usual time, opened up my screen name and checked my Lovers List to see who was online. No one was up.  I went to a romantic chat room and just coasted for a while.  Just as I was about to give it up for the night, Tom sent me and IM.  I was both a bit tired and restless, and I was at home alone that night, which was not unusual.

“Hey Girl, what has you up this late?” Tom asked.  I had stayed up past my normal bed time.  My heart skipped a beat when I saw his name pop up.

“I don’t know.  I just don’t feel like crashing just yet,” I replied. I was not sure I really wanted to chat with him that night, but wanted to be friendly. Actually, I was afraid of what I knew was going to happen.  

“Did you get the book I told you to get?  And did you visit any of the web-sites I sent you? And most importantly, did you buy the item I suggested?” Tom asked.

I blushed at that.  The book was a book written to tell nice girls how to let go and enjoy sex.  The web sites showed you what it looked like when you did just that.  I had both gotten the book and I visited several of the web sites as well.  Parts of both really made me blush.  I always like to think I am a nice girl.  Some (my mother) would dispute that.

“Yes, to all of them (blush),” I sent him back.

“Great!  I’m glad you’re coming out of your shell.  Hey, Dusti, what are you wearing for me tonight?”  Tom asked.  

He knew what I was wearing.  What I always was wearing when I was online. (Only this time, I really was wearing it!  I had just come in from running.)  I always said I was wearing a yellow headband, yellow sports halter top, yellow jogging shorts, white socks, and running shoes.  When asked what was under them, all I ever admitted to was white cotton panties. (And since most of the guys always ask, my bra size is 35B.)

“How much of the book have you read so far?”  Tom asked.

“I’ve read the whole book,” I told him.  I was really blushing now.

“Great!  What part did you like the best,” Tom asked.  

I hesitated for a bit longer than I expected.  After all, I knew he was going to ask me this question.  In some ways I wanted to log off.  But I couldn’t do that.  After all, we had played with each other more than a few times by now.  He always told me he came when he jacked him self off.  I told him I did too, but I think he really knew better.

“I liked the chapter on how masturbation is not wrong,” I told him.

“You mean the one about dispelling myths?  The myth that masturbation is wrong?” He sent back.  As I was about to reply, he came back with another one.

“Dusti, I know you have had a real hang-up with that.  That was the very reason I wanted you to get the book.  I was hoping that it might help you work your way past some of your hang ups,” Tom said.

“I don’t have a hang up with it!” I sent back bravely. 

“I bet you do!  When was the last time you masturbated and brought yourself off?” Tom asked right back.  I balked.  I couldn’t tell him because I don’t remember ever doing it since I was in high school.

“In high school,” I finally admitted.

“I thought so.  I could tell you were not really doing it while you said you were with me.  Are you really alone tonight?” Tom asked.  I was afraid he was going to want to telephone me.  He never tried that before.

“Yes.” I sent back to him.

“Good.  Tell me about the web sights you visited,” Tom asked.

“I went to three of them.  The first one had pics of several guys screwing a girl.  The second one had pics of a girl taking it in the ass and the third one was two girls doing another girl.  She was tied up in bondage,” I sent back, relieved he did not want to use the telephone.

“Which one did you like the most?”  Tom asked, which surprised me.

“I liked them all,” I sent back.

“Have you ever REALLY done any of them before?”  He asked.

“Yes.  I really have done them all before.  I told you that a long time ago,” I sent back. When I was in college, I was a nude model for the art classes.  I also did some nude modeling for an art dealer.  One session really turned kinky and I got gang banged while tied up to a weight lifters bench.  God, how I love to dream back on that night.  I loved that session. That session opened more doors for me than I could have dreamed possible.  After that, I made out with each of the others several times, including a female art professor that was gay.  She gave me a different perspective of the gay community.

“Then what we are going to do next should not bother you at all, should it?” Tom asked.

“That depends on what you are talking about,” I sent back to him.

“Tell me about the other item I suggested you buy.  Did you let it the size I suggested?” Tom’s words came back over the screen to me.

“Yes.  I got a natural latex rubber one, 8 inches in size.  I also got a tube of lube jell,” I sent back, blushing as I typed it in.

“Wonderful!  I suggested an 8 inch one because I am 8 inches long.  I want you to really think you are making out with me while we do this.  This is as close as we can get without me really being with you, Dusti.  Did you get one in an interesting color?  LOL.”  It came back.

“No.  Just a regular nude color,” I sent back.

“OK Girl.  I want you to take it out of the package, take it in into the bathroom and wash it off really good; go potty, and come back here wearing nothing but your headband and socks.  Make sure you have your lube, too.  OK?”  Tom sent to me.

“Yes, Tom.  BRB.”  I almost shut my computer down.  I knew what was going to happen next and I was not sure I was ready for it.  In the end, I unwrapped the dildo, took it in and washed it off, took off all my clothes, and came back and sat down at my computer.  I almost hoped Tom would be gone when I came back online.  

“I’m ready,” I sent.

“GREAT!”  I was wondering if you were going to back out on me.  I’m glad you didn’t click off.  I think you are going to like this.  Trust me, Girl.  If you don’t, you can stop at any time. You know that. READY?”  Tom sent back.

“Yes,” I sent back. He could not see how meek I was.

“Fine.  The first thing I want you to do is get up, go into your bathroom and get a big towel.  You will be putting it on your chair to catch any mess.  Tell me when you’re back,” Tom sent. I blushed at that.  I should have thought of that myself.

“I’m back and sitting on a bath towel,” I sent to him.

“Great!  Dusti, what I want you to do next is take some of the lube and smear it on the tip of—my cock!  From now on, I want you to always think of what you are holding as my cock.  I want you to treat this as if this is real.  For you, it will be!”  Tom sent.

“OK.” I sent back.  I did as he said.  I felt a little foolish, too.

“Dusti, you always say you are sitting there with your feet wrapped around the monitor.  Can you really do that?  If you can, place your feet up next to the monitor,” Tom sent.

I could and I did.  I told him so.

“Great!  From now on, I just want you to concentrate on what you see on the screen.  Don’t try and reply to me.  Just do what I tell you to do.  Keep in mind, it is OK for you to close your eyes and go off on your own if you want.  I will try and guide you, but this is your trip.  Not mine. We have already had my trip.  This one is just for you.  Really ready to start?” Tom sent.

“Yes,” I sent back.  I took a big breath and sat back and got ready.  I had become turned on.  Touching “Tom’s Cock” really seemed to be real to me.  It was a very realistic cock..  I didn’t tell Tom, but before I lubed it up, I licked it to see what it tasted like.  It tasted like rubber.  Yuck!

“OK my Love.  Just watch the words, and do what they say.  With your free hand I want you to reach down and run your hand through your pussy hair.....I want you to rub above your pussy Dusti.

Doesn’t that feel good!  Just keep doing it.  

Keep it up.  

Keep it up.

Very slowly, I want you to rub lower, lower and lower still.

Don’t touch your pussy yet, rub your fingers on each side of it.

Just keep doing this for a while.

Just keep rubbing besides your pussy lips.

Besides them.  Not on them.

I hope you are getting wet and excited now. (Oh God was I ever, I thought.)

Now, very gently I want you to rub your middle finger over your pussy lips—just barely part them, but don’t go inside yourself yet.

Just run your finger lightly over your lips.

Just keep doing this for a while.  (Oh God how good this feels!  My legs spread wider and wider apart.  I was groaning in pleasure as well.)

Now, very gently, I want you to slip in one finger, less than an inch, right inside your pussy. 

Not deep.  Not deep at all.

Now, deeper.

Now, deeper still.  (Oh God!  I love this!)

Now, very slowly, push it in as deep as you can—then pull it out again.  Then I want you to pull your finger out and suck on it.  Taste your love juice, Dusti.  Taste yourself.
Then rub your right nipple with your finger.

Then your left one.  

Then rub your pussy hair, and slowly go back down…….”

(This was repeated many times.  Each time when I was about to cum, he had me pull back.  This seemed to go on for hours.)


“In and out Dusti.  Push your finger in and pull it out of your wet, juicy, pussy.

Push your finger in and pull it out of your pussy.

Keep doing this.  Think that this is my finger, Dusti.  My finger is fucking you.

(Oh God!  I was so turned on!  I was wetter than I could imagine!  I took the base of Tom’s cock and rubbed it over my left nipple.   My left nipple is my hot point.  My ON switch!)

Dusti my love, we have all the time in the world tonight.  I want you more turned on and wetter than you have ever been before.  My cock will be hard for you forever.  Do not rush it.  Go very gentle and very slowly.

Keep your finger going in and out of your pussy.  Every once in a while, I want you to reach up and touch your clit.  Just touch it, don’t rub it at all.  Rubbing it will make you cum faster.  Just touching it excites it no end.

(God was he right about that!  I had never been this hot before in my life!  I wanted to ram his cock deep inside me RIGHT NOW!  I could feel I was building up to one hell of a release. I had no idea it would be as explosive as it was when it came.)

Push your finger in and pull it out of your pussy.”


(I did as Tom told me to do.  We kept this up forever it seemed.  Tom told me later it was for almost an hour.  I still did not have his cock inside me yet!)


“Push your finger in and pull it out of your pussy.

(Suddenly, I knew I was going to cum.  I felt my legs spread as wide apart as they could, and I reached down with both my hands [I had put down Tom’s cock a long time ago and was using both my hands on my pussy.])  

(Then with a force that scared me nearly to death, I erupted with a flow of what I thought was pee that came out of me and hit the monitor and the keyboard, soaking them in an instant.  I couldn’t stop erupting.  I just sat there with my legs spread wide apart, watching as a solid stream of liquid came out of my pussy and soaked my computer table.  It seemed to pulse with the contractions of my pussy.)  

(I was racked by the strongest orgasm I had ever imagined.  I remember screaming something.  My abdomen was in such contractions that I thought I was in childbirth.  The spasms continued for at least three or four minutes.  All the while, Tom’s writings were still going across my screen telling me to keep sticking my finger in and out of my pussy.)

(When I finally stopped shaking, I put my legs down and looked at the mess I made. I couldn’t believe it.  It looked like I peed gallons of pee all over my desk and computer keyboard.  Then I smelled it.  It was not pee.  It smelled like my love juice!  But how could that be?)

Just then, Tom decided it was time for me to fuck myself with his cock.

“Now, very slowly, if you are nice and wet, I want you to slowly slide my cock into your pussy.  I want you to do this very, very slowly.  We have all the time in the world, my Lover.  Let it glide in on its own.  When your pussy is ready for me, she will suck me in on her own.”

“TOM!!!!!!!!!!!!!” I sent to him.

“Yes, still with me?” He asked.

“Tom—I don’t know what happened.  I was fingering myself and suddenly I peed all over my desk.  Only it isn’t pee!  It came out in a steady stream but ……..  WHAT DID I DO??????????”  I sent to him in near panic.  I was getting frantic.

“Dusti, you say you just had a climax where you expelled your cum in a solid stream?  Very few women ever have them. Some people call them explosive orgasms.  You cum so hard it comes out in a stream, just like a water fountain.  Are you OK?”  Tom asked.

“I’m scared and I have a hell of a mess to clean up.  It’s all over everything.  The towel did not come close to catching it all.  I have to go Tom,” I told him and closed down my computer.  I went in and took a quick shower (I was covered in cum.)  Then I came back out and cleaned up the mess I made.  I still was not sure what happened.  I was scared.

The next day I telephoned my gynecologist.  She told me to come in that afternoon after school.  She listened to me, checked me over and told me that what Tom told me was right.  Sometimes women can get so turned on they expel cum in a solid stream.  She said I was the only one she had ever dealt with that had it happen.  Since we are very close friends (her daughter is one of my special ed kids) she teased me about being in a chat room with Tom.  

“Hey Dusti, if this Tom can talk you into an organism like that, imagine what he could do for you for real!  Can I get his address from you? Does he ever come down here on vacation?  Can I watch your next session with him?

“I hope you know this is going to cost you lunch!  Unless you want me to tell the rest of the group, that is,” Gina said.  What she was really doing was easing my fears.  I knew she would not joke about telling the rest of our group if it was something serious. 

After I went home, I checked my e-mailbox.  I had a card from Tom.  I opened it up and it was a singing flower gram.  Hope you are doing better it said.  I blushed again.

It was three more nights before Tom and I got together again. Before I could work up the nerve to go back online, that is. Tom was great.  We talked about it and I got over it.  I finally got to use “Tom” the next time we got together.  I have never cum like that again.  Sometimes I still wonder if it was all my imagination (of which I have plenty!) All my sessions with Tom were great.  Then they died out.

I don’t know what happened (I think Tom had a problem with his wife about his online life) but Tom has not been accepting any emails (from anyone) for almost a year now.  To say I miss him would be an understatement.  Only I don’t miss him for the sex we had together.  I miss him for the company he gave me.  The understanding person he was with me. Tom helped me through some troubled times and I was trying to help him as well.  

You never really forget your lovers. Tom was as much my lover as the others that really touched my body. A real lover touches not only your body, but your very soul.  Tom touched my soul very deeply.  A piece of Tom is still inside me.  I think the spiritual touching is deeper than the physical one.  If Tom ever reads this, I hope he is well and at peace with the universe.  I will never forget what he gave me.  I still have the other part of him.  He was right.  He will be hard forever.