 It's been a while, years in fact since I have heard from him. Well, heard his voice, but when the phone rang and I answered it only took a single word for me to recognize his voice and my body to react. I felt a shiver and my body go weak, my panties got soaked.

He'd only said hello.

It was late this morning when he called me. Everyone was gone and I was wandering around the house thinking about the millions of things I had to do. Groceries, some shopping, errands...just typical daily bullshit that my life has devolved into.

I heard his voice and forgot all of that. He's been gone for a while. We would chat online occasionally, but only for a few minutes and then life would catch up with us. He didn't even tell me he was coming back in town.. But, there was his voice on the other end of the line saying hello to me. Making me remember. 

Jeezus...making me remember. Making me want.

No one else was home. My family had gone out for the day and would be back later. I had things to do, so didn't go with them. They would be back later that evening if the normal routine was holding up. My mind was still trying to grasp everything going on. They were gone and he was on the other end of the line.

He asked me how i was, he had just gotten back into town and wanted to surprise me. My breathing got shallow and fast. My mouth went dry and I started to pant a bit. He wanted to see me.

I said yes.

I forgot about anything else I had to do today and got in my car, turn the key, and started to drive. I didn't even have to think about where I was going I'd been there so many times I could close my eyes and drive the whole distance. 

It's been so fucking long and I wanted it so fucking bad I felt my teeth clench and I started to growl a bit deep in my chest and squirm in my seat as I pushed down on the accelerator.

I grabbed my phone and scrolled through my contacts and pressed his name. I had to hear his voice again. Fuck I needed to hear it again.

He answered and I told him to talk to me. 

My hand went to my lap and my legs intuitively spread. His voice. Yesssss...his voice.

I rubbed my pussy until there was a wet spot in my pants. Then that wasn't enough for me and i stuffed my hand the front of my pants into my panties and started to rub myself like crazy.

It was going to be a two hour drive. I listened to him the whole way, three fingers buried deep in my soaking wet pussy finger fucking the shit out of myself cumming and cumming while he talked to me, making me want what was coming more and more and fucking more. 

He talked.

I moaned. 

He talked 

I came.

He talked.

I begged.

At some point I had pulled my pants down. One leg was up on the seat, my pants were down around my right ankle that was trying desperately not to floor it to get there quicker. The seat under me was soaked. The car smelled like sex and I was trying harder and harder to concentrate on my driving.

Two hours later I pulled up in front of his house sitting in a puddle of my cum. It was only a short distance to the front door so I slipped my pants off and threw them in the passenger seat floor. At that point I didn't give a shit who saw me. I wrapped a jacket around my waist and jumped out of the car and made my way toward the front door.

I felt the cum dripping down my legs and the air rushing past my bare pussy and ass. I was there in a few steps and anyone watching got the show of a lifetime.

The door was already open. He was waiting for me. I felt my urges take over and started to grin.

It was about to fucking be on.

I pushed open the door and there he was, waiting for me. 

He was giving me that grin. The one that told me he knew he was about to own me. He looked down and his eyes glinted when he saw i was only wearing that jacket wrapped around my waist. He looked back up at me and straightened up as I closed the few steps distance between us.

I threw my arms around him and pressed my lips against his. He put his arms around me and squeezed and I fucking melted in his arms.

He pulled the jacket off my waist and threw it on the ground. I felt his hands on my waist, then my ass, squeezing hard then smacking it so hard my eyes popped open and I squealed. I pulled my head back a bit to see him grinning at me. He squeezed me tight then in one motion bent down and swept me up and carried me into the bedroom.

I remembered the first time we were together he fucked me for 8 hours straight. Not just fucked me, fucked me WELL for 8 hours straight. His cock kept getting hard for me and he fucked me deep and hard. I screamed for him and begged for him and shook for him and came so trucking hard for him. Mother fucker made me squirt and squirt and squirt. My legs shook like wet noodles for him and I begged for more.

He stood me up, pulled my shirt off, then picked me up again and threw me on the bed.

I lay there watching him strip for me. My breathing was getting faster knowing what was coming.

He stood there naked in front of me and soooo fucking hard for me. My legs automatically started spreading and I could feel the cum already running down my ass.

I felt myself start to growl and my voice start to hiss,"Pllleeeeaaassseee..."

I couldn't take it anymore. He climbed on top of me and I wrapped my legs around his back. My hand reached between his legs and I grabbed his hard cock. It felt sooo fucking good in my hand I squeezed it hard and heard him moan for me. I pushed my hips up and pulled him into me.

Oh fuck yesssss. That was it. Just like i fucking remembered it. He pushed into me until he was balls deep. The tip of his cock stroking over my g-spot and I felt myself grunt and growl.

I threw my arms over his shoulders, dug my fingernails into his back and begged him to fuck me. No, I begged him to fuck the shit out of me. I begged him to fucking own my tight little pussy.

We spent the next 8 hours fucking like crazy. 

I was drained and sore and grinning so much my face hurt.

The bed was soaked in cum and sweat. I laughed thinking that I probably ruined his mattress.

Mmmmmm...but his cock kept getting hard for me and I couldn't help myself. I needed it sooo bad IIt had been soooo long since I'd gotten fucked that good.

My whole body was sore. My legs were weak, my hips were sore from him holding me open and making me take it. My ass had red hand prints on both cheeks and my asshole was stretched out and full of cum because I can't refuse him.

I looked out the window and saw it was dark outside.

Fuck, I had to go.

He was lying next to me exhausted. His arms was wrapped around my waist pulling me tight against him. His hand was weakly squeezing my tit.

He'd done good and the smirk on his face knew it. 

I laid there for a minute pressed against him. I looked over at the clock and resolved myself. 

I told him I had to go. His arm tightened and he grunted. He told me to stay.

Give him a few more minutes and he'd be ready to go again.

I smiled, but told him my husband and family would be home soon if they weren't already. They'd be wondering where I was.

I wanted to stay. I wanted more. Fuck I loved it here.

I wanted to stay with his cock buried in me and just cum and scream until i passed out then wake up and do it some more.

I got up and took a quick shower..I put on one of his tshirts and a pair of boxer shorts and found my sandals I'd left in the front room.

I walked back in the bedroom and saw him laying there exhausted and naked. So fucking sexy. His cock was still semi-hard. I walked over and grabbed it and it sprang to life. He moaned and I leaned over to kiss him good bye. I heard him whine and mutter something.

I pulled the front door closed behind me as I left. My jacket stayed on the floor to give me a flimsy excuse to go back. Like I need one.

I sat in the car and looked back convincing myself to leave and I turned the key and pressed down on the accelerator and started making my way back.

I grabbed my phone and called home, telling them I was on my way.

My poor pussy is sooooo sore.

It took me about 10 minutes to reach the highway. I hit the cruise control and grabbed my phone again.

I found his name and pressed it. I wasn't sure he would answer, but I heard his voice weak on the other end of the line.

"Wake up lover, keep me company on my drive home..."

My hand dropped down between my legs and pulled the leg hole over to the side so I could stroke myself some more.

He talked and I played with my poor sore pussy all the way home for the next 2 hours.

Fuck I need more of that.

Oh shit, I forgot my coat.

heh heh heh