 * A big thank you to TheCaptain for all his help with editing*

Sam's last day in London began as all the others had; only this one was tinged with sadness. 

She'd be going home that afternoon, and in all probability would never see Daniel again. 

They were going to be spending the day together; she wanted to do some last minute sightseeing before she went home, and he had taken the day off work to spend it with her. Over the course of a couple of weeks they had changed their long distance friendship into a very real and lasting one. He was due to arrive at any minute and Sam was running late.

# # # 

As she steps out of the shower, there is a knock at the door. Pausing for a second, she considers throwing some clothes on…but is sure it's Daniel and merely secures the towel around her and answers the door. As the door swings open to reveal her, Daniel's gaze drops from her face to take in her damp, towel clad body…. slowly moving down the length of her hidden curves and back up again, as he steps into the room.

He has never seen her like this. Their previous meetings had been friendly and chatty; many an afternoon spent enjoying the banter that came so easily to them. Despite an obvious attraction between them, neither had acted on it.

His eyes lock onto hers and they finally say hello. Daniel reaches for Sam, and pulls her towards him and they greet each other in their usual friendly manner, with a quick kiss on the cheek, and a lingering hug.

As Sam steps back from his embrace, her towel slips away revealing her still moist flesh. Never comfortable being completely naked in front of people, she bends to pick it up…he stops her and pulls her still damp body hard against his and kisses her hungrily.

As their tongues dance around together, his hands move from the small of her back up to her neck, pausing there to pull her face even closer into his as if to devour her. A delicious shiver courses through her body and Sam feels him respond in kind…..his lust evident in the bulge she can now feel pressing against her body.

She unbuttons his shirt, their lips never leaving each other. He bites playfully at her lips, sending little sparks of fire through her, straight from her mouth to her moistening pussy. Daniel's hands move across and down her back to the round globes of her arse where he leaves them, pressing his finger tips into each cheek and gently grinding her mound onto his now unyielding erection.

As she lets his shirt fall from his shoulders, she breaks away from the passionate kiss and starts moving down his neck, kissing, licking and biting gently along the way. Her lips, cool and soft like rose petals, flutter across his now hot skin.

This sensation heightens his arousal; blood rushes to his groin, causing small drops of precum to escape from his throbbing cock. As she makes her way down his delicious torso, his hands softly trail up her back, causing little ripples of pleasure to sweep over her. Her lips never leave his skin, the moistness of her mouth leaving a cool reminder of where she's been.

She unbuttons his jeans, and carefully pulls down the zip…kneeling down as she slides them off.

His engorged cock springs forward, bringing a longing smile to her lips. Soft butterfly kisses trail down his thighs and across his belly… the only contact between Sam and his cock is the light touch of a breast as she moves down in front of him. 

Daniel runs his fingers through her hair as he feels her lips brush ever so gently over his groin. His breathing quickens, anticipating that delicious sensation he is beginning to crave. Sam spends a few moments kissing, biting and licking the soft smooth skin of his inner thighs, her breath hot and her lips cool…the contrast exquisite. She moves up his body a little and Daniel can see that she is poised over his cock.

She takes his turgid shaft in her hand and slowly slides the dome between her lips. His breath draws back sharply as her warm wet mouth engulfs him…..lips sliding down the entire length of his superb manhood.

His mind is racing….he can't believe that the same woman he has been nothing more than a friend to, is now about to devour him. 

Sam begins her voracious attack on Daniel's cock and it's only a matter of seconds before she can taste the delicious precum now leaking from his slit. She stops for a moment to lick it off gently before plunging his phallus deep into her throat again, sucking hard as she draws her head back…all the way to the tip and back down again.

His fingers tighten their grip in her hair and he carefully rocks with her movements, fucking her mouth as she continues to suck and savour him ravenously. Her free hand reaches up under him to cup his balls, kneading them carefully, adding to the blissful sensations coursing through his body....

She slides her mouth up the length of his cock, kissing the tip of it wetly before moving down the side and biting the rock hard muscle …a guttural moan escapes from deep within him: the feeling of having someone bite his cock causes it to jerk and harden even more.

Sam's mouth moves down his shaft until she reaches his balls and begins to nibble at them; her hand now gripping his cock once again. She keeps the rhythm started by her mouth going steady and strong.

She gently sucks one of his balls into her mouth and swirls her tongue around as she hums quietly….the vibrations send a shockwave through Daniels' body causing him to lurch, and tipping him off balance slightly. Sam moves to the other and give it the same delightful treatment….her hand working his shaft hard and fast while her mouth continues to excite his balls almost to the point of no return.

His mind is a blur of carnal lust and random thoughts…how did they get to this point! How did the innocent chats they'd had online over the course of a few months transpire into the fucking erotic scene before him? He tries for a second to think about it, but while Sam was sucking on his cock and balls with passionate fervour – rational thought processes weren't an option! 

Daniel's hunger for release is palpable…his breathing sharp and shallow, quiet moans escape from within him every few seconds as his arousal intensifies. "Ohh yes" he mutters almost inaudibly. "God yes..." 

She releases his wet balls and draws her tongue all the way from his tight brown star, along his taint, between his balls and up the length of his shaft…..

Sam licks him firmly as if he is a delicious ice cream, all the way to the head of his cock, her tongue exploring the eye, splitting it and tasting the cum that threatens to explode from it. Her mouth feels cool on his now hot skin as she sucks him deep into her throat….she uses her hand to steady his shaft so her movements can become firm and rhythmic…..

Daniel's balls are tight and desperate to release their seed into her. His hands grip her head firmly now…he needs to be in control and she's happy to let him set the pace. His hips rock back and forth as Sam's head moves up and down his shaft. She sucks hard as she draws her head back and lets the wetness of her mouth lubricate him as she slides back down towards his balls.

Her mouth feels like a pseudo pussy…with suction! His knees buckle just slightly at the sight and sensation of it all. Before long his cock is rigid and throbbing….his balls draw up, and his breathing becomes almost frantic. 

Daniel feels hot cum shoot up the length of his cock seconds before it reaches Sam's mouth; she in turn sucks harder, drawing every drop of his delicious seed into her mouth, letting it trickle down her throat…

….the action of Sam's throat feels like she's swallowing him whole, more than satisfying the relief he craved. Daniel's hips buck and thrust forward driving his cock deep into her. He lets out a deep throaty groan as the last drops of cum spit out of him. 

As his cock softens Sam moves her mouth around it slowly and gently, mindful of how sensitive he is but not wanting to let him go.

She looks up at Daniel, and he sees a devilish twinkle in her eyes…it's obvious she adores him and she looks so damn sexy gazing up at him with his cock in her mouth. Once again he catches himself wondering how they got to this point….and why did it have to be the day she leaves!

Throughout all of this Sam has becoming increasingly aware of her own growing arousal, her sex now slick and hot, desperate for Daniels ministrations. She stands up, their eyes meet and Daniel pulls her in to kiss him once again….their tongues exploring, dancing passionately together. His hand moves down between Sam's legs, to her moist, soft pussy and she willingly lets him slide his fingers deep inside her, while his other cups her breast. Daniel begins to roll her nipple between his thumb and forefinger …. 

She aches for him; her velvety hole tightens around his fingers as if to hold them there to do what she so desperately needs. Daniel slides his fingers out gently and raises them to his mouth to taste the sweet musky juices that cover them….teasing her, making her wait precious, torturous seconds. Sam looks pleadingly at him… her eyes begging him to fuck her….now.

She kisses him again…her lips biting at his hungrily. She takes his hand and moves it down to her bald pussy, needing to feel his fingers flicking deep inside her. Daniel doesn't resist and plunges them up inside her with such force that she gasps with lusty approval….

He does this several times…fucking her hard with his fingers, while she grinds down onto them…loving every second but wanting more still….

His mouth leaves hers and blazes a trail of kisses down Sam's neck across her breasts, pausing to bite playfully at her nipples…this causes a wave of ecstasy to tear through her body like electricity. Her cunt is now so wet that his hand is covered in her musky juices, his thrusting driving her closer to orgasm as she moans and shudders with every kiss and every plunge of his fingers. He draws the thick liquid out of her and uses it to lubricate her hard bulging clit…his fingertips gliding easily around the edges, across the sensitive tip and back around to her dripping hole.

Daniel guides her over to the bed and lays her down, kissing her body all the while, her skin prickling with gooseflesh from his touch. He moves down the length of her body….teasing and delighting her flesh as she had done to him only moments earlier….

His mouth reaches the soft mound of Sam's pubic bone….he continues to kiss and lick her skin…sending shivers up her spine and causing her to breathe quick and shallow. Her pussy is smooth and almost completely hairless…just a small strip remains at the top of her slit. Daniel begins kissing her swollen lips, taking them gently between his lips and sucking, pulling back, biting them...driving her arousal through the roof!

The sensation of Daniel's hot breath on her damp skin increases her need; almost instinctively she pushes her pussy towards him… 

He responds by flicking his tongue gently across her swollen clit. Sam arches her back as his hot tongue begins to press more firmly against her sweet pliant sex. A soft growl escapes from her lips…..

He forces his tongue inside her musky hole….fucking her with it for a few seconds before flicking and sucking her clit, easing the tip of his tongue under the hood, causing her to let out a breathy, "Oh god yes…"

Her body is squirming at the exquisite sensations he's effecting and she hears herself say quietly…as if to no-one…"Fuck me"

He carries on licking, biting, and sucking at the soft wet folds of her pussy… "Fuck me," she says a little louder as she writhes and bucks her hips towards him. This time he hears her….Daniel stops what he is doing and looks at her…her face tells him all he needs to know…she needs to have his cock inside her now! 

Seeing her like this is enough to drive him wild and his cock, sticky and still damp from his cum and her mouth, springs to life once again. 

He moves her into a more comfortable position and holds himself above her….Sam's hands are all over his body, her passion for him so raw, so obvious. She draws her legs up instinctively and rests them against his body….her cunt now completely at his mercy….

With a sudden lunge Daniel impales her creamy inviting hole causing her to draw her breath in sharply and moan her approval. Her legs intuitively wrap around his waist so that her hips can mirror his movements, enabling her to pull him deeper into her…feeling the tip of his cock hit her cervix with every forward push. Sam's arse lifts off the bed and her thighs clench around his torso….

She rocks her hips ferociously, fucking him as much as he is fucking her….His shaft presses against her clit, the friction building her arousal sending delicious waves of pleasure right through her. Sam can feel her orgasm beginning to build, the pace of her thrusting increasing in urgency. Daniel feels his balls draw up and tighten, and his shaft thicken as his own moment of sweet release draws nearer. He watches her for a moment, drinking in the sight before him, her eyes closed, her face slightly contorted in her desperate state…

Finally Sam feels the heat build in her groin to boiling point….her pussy clamps onto his cock as her orgasm begins to rip through her body. She moans his name….saying it over and over ….her whole body shuddering and lurching as each wave of hot delicious pleasure surges through her like a drug. 

Daniel's body responds and he feels his hot seed well up and spill out deep inside her. He drives into her clenching wet hole, both of them consumed by their own pleasure at that moment. Their release is vocalised with short grunts and moans…one almost mirroring the other, as they extract every tantalising second of pleasure from each other. Sam's orgasm begins to subside as does Daniels……their movements slow and steady and her legs relax around him. He dips his head down and kisses her deeply as he draws himself out of her slowly. He slumps down on the bed next to her, sweat glistens on their skin and their breathing is heavy and laboured. Sam leans in to kiss him tenderly on the mouth. She can't take her eyes off of him…she wants to remember every second they are together as she knows it will soon be over….

He can sense she is beginning to feel a little sad and in his typical funny manner he breaks the moment by saying in a very animated way…. "Right then, enough of this…get dressed! We've got some sight seeing to do!"