 I entered through the window, as I always do, the night was cold. I saw you laying on the bed in the darkness. You were asleep and a thin sheet veiled your body tightly. I approached the bed quietly, not wanting to wake you, just to watch you. You had a slight smile on your face and your eyes moved as if in deep REM sleep. You were beautiful, as always. The moonlight had trailed me in and now lay heavy across your body. The blue liquid rays pressed against your breasts, spilling over to pool around the sides of your torso.

My eyes followed the watery moon down your body as it dived and resurfaced in the folds of the linen. The pale light took me to your left thigh that lay bare and uncovered from the cut of cloth. The light shown immensely, almost blazing against your pale flesh, so much so, that I took it as an invitation that I could not resist. I had not come for this purpose, mine was only to watch soundless. But as quickly as the reflected moonlight had stirred in my eyes, I was silently against you, my lips to your inner thigh. 

I did not want to wake you from your pleasant dream, from whatever beautiful place your mind had conjured and gently immersed you in. I softly caressed your inner thigh with my lips, drawing nearer below the navel. You made a soft sound, and my shadow quickly receded leaving only the blanket of moonlight for cover. 

I stood away from the bed for a few moments watching you breath. I watched your chest slowly push oxygen in and out, processing it, silently negotiating it through your nose, down your fair throat and into your body. It was quite erotic to watch you move in this way. So very innocent, so open. I bent down close to your face till I could feel your warm breath. I unbuttoned my shirt and silently perched just over you, wanting to feel your warm tender air flow down my exposed body. The slightest moisture begin to gather around one of my nipples, and I realized that I was getting to close.

Again, I recoiled. Inside I really wanted to feel you, to touch you, to press myself against you.

I knew this was not my place to be. So, again in the corner I waited and watched. I was suddenly aware that my cock was becoming very hard and soon would wish to be pacified like an animal requiring affection. I watched you. I watched the contours of the sheets and your structure as it gently squirmed underneath. The moonlight twisted across your body as the bed sheet suddenly unsheathed your breasts to the cool bedroom air. My breathing became deeper and I could not help but open my pants. There the animal was, crying to come to out, rubbing itself against the fabric. I watched your naked breasts, and your small pale blue nipples and longed to suck them and give them all the pleasure that my mouth could give. I could feel my tongue vicariously circling around your inflamed erections. My hand slipped into my pants stroking the beast that begged for attrition. As I watched you, I could not help the pleasure it brought me. I wished for the sheets to come down and reveal the rest of your defenseless sexual property. I desired to stroke your dark pubic hair, as they might curl themselves around my fingers. I longed to part your lips with my tongue and taste the female.

I watched you in sleep. My pupils widened to except the darkness when suddenly your arm slipped beneath the covers, down your stomach to writhe over your nestled hair. The thin sheet agitated from the rhythm of your hand that gently tried to coax and tease a sleeping dragon from her cave. I watched in fascination, subconsciously rocking the head of my cock through my fingers. You arched your back slightly parting your legs to allow your right hand to flirt with your vulva. I could no longer take the intensity of the situation and moved closer.

You smiled in sleep, trapped in a dream world faraway. I could imagine you laying naked in a grassy field as a thousand warm hands softly caressed and stimulated every inch of your body. I took your free hand in mine and gently kissed your open palm, my other hand still soothing the velvet skinned beast. I kissed your palm with more passion and followed up your inner arm still careful not to wake you. At last I gently pulled the covers down the rest of the way from your body so that I could watch your erotic labor. My breathing became deeper and deeper like a tortured animal. I hesitantly lowered your reach down to my cock, the cadence of my heart intensified with the first touch of your warmth on my organ. I gently rushed it in and out of your clasp-less palm causing me to faintly whine in rapture. Your breasts moved up and down as I stroked my cock against your lifeless hand, suckling to its heat. Your other hand still tantalizing your vagina, coyly poking a few fingers between your lips, then receding to trace along your pubic triangle.

Pulling my pants further down to reveal a full red penis, I pressed it into your hand harder, forcing your fingers to bend around it like small snakes twisting around a wine glass. Still in sleep, you must have been having a similar dream and began caressing my shaft. I placed my hand over yours and pulsated in accompaniment. Needless to say I was drawn to you, and it was to late to return to shadow.

I now wanted you, asleep or awake. I wanted you willing, or unwilling. I wanted you like a thirsty animal would suck sweet nectar. “Mmmmmm”, a deep lustful growl poured from my mouth, and I exploded over you. My mouth forcefully on yours, my tongue deeply penetrating the cavity of your mouth looking for its partner, to seize and tickle into submission. My hand rampantly provoked your genital area desperately wanting to bring you to orgasm. I kneeled, pushing my bare cock against the side of the bed as my lips continued feeding upon yours, catching your hot breath in my mouth and pushing it back into yours. I sucked your open lips into mine stroking their underside with my tongue.

I remember canvassing your neck and behind your ear, my hot breath whispering the most delicious dirty words into it. But still you slept, and still you smiled as if you knew. I banged my cock into the bed harder as my hand pushed further into your moist warm pussy. You moaned and whined and I pushed deeper. My fingers repetitively pulsed through your clit stopping only to rub the juices around your swollen lips and then quickly returning to fuck you. 

I wanted to put my pumping hard cock in you, burying my shaft in as deep as it would go. I would slam my pouch against the flesh of your anal area as I charged the man beast in and out of you repetitiously. I rose up and just as suddenly your hand shot out around my cock with a grip of decision. You started masturbating me feverishly sending electricity up my spine. My breathing transformed to a very quick and awkward meter as I was lost in the sweet pain just before ejaculation. Even during this moment of enrapture, as I came, jerking all over your body; I watched your face. But still you smiled and still you slept. The froth from the beast fell on your stomach and breasts and lay there like shiny pearl droplets in the moonlight. I caressed the lotion into your bosom feeling your warm nipples between my sticky fingers. 

I sat next to you on the bed, my penis relaxing, my breathing slowing down. I watched transfixed as you continued fingering yourself in your sleep. Despite my exhaustion, I could think of nothing more than wanting to gratify you. The power of your dream surely held you in its claw, or perhaps you knew you were dreaming and chose to stay. I could smell the scented lust accumulating from your fingers and removed them from their play. Putting them in my mouth and sucking the delicacy, you whined as if someone had taken your toy. 

I replaced your pedaling fingers and buried my face deep into the warmth between your legs. My tongue squirmed down into you deeper, fucking you, inducing your hot pussy to stream ambrosia. You arched and pressed your body tight against my mouth. I gripped your pale thighs, stretching your skin tight to open up your vagina and feast therein. Lapping you heavy in fast rhythm, you moaned and cried. I felt your hands on the back of my head, playing in my long hair and pushing me deeper in. Your knees methodically arose then parted wide advancing me into a lower level. My tongue swaggered and bullied inside your sex, forcefully stimulating, grazing my teeth against your lips. I crushed my face into you labyrinth, cheek bones firmly embedded in your velvety nest, the bridge of my nose hard onto your channel. Eyes closed, you began stroking your nipples into hard erections. 

You yelped in pain like a little girl as I continued ravishing you. Soon your squaws became louder as I thrust deeper and deeper. I could since you were about to orgasm and gently played my fingers around your anal opening, squeezing one in and leaving it there for you to grip. I fucked you, fast pace and hard allowing your sex rhythm to guide.

After a few minutes your beautiful body undulated and shivered when you came on me. I couldn’t help but continue giving the pleasure for a few moments longer like a cat drinking milk. After a few moments I stood up, removing myself from you and watched the moonlight stretch across your purring smile. Still you slept, looking deeply satisfied. I kissed your sweet lips then disappeared out the window.