 When friends become lovers! 

We had been emailing and chatting on-line with each other for almost a year when she wrote, “Why don’t you come over for a visit.” 

My heart skipped a beat when I saw it on my computer screen. Our emails and chat had started out as friendship but the more we emailed and talked on-line to each other the more daring we became. We would talk on the phone, which ended up with us having phone sex a few times. Now I was finally going to meet her! 

As this was the first time I had ever flown on an aircraft, I was feeling the excitement building within myself from both the flight and the thought of meeting Lisa. I was landing at Newark Airport with a delay of 6 hours before catching my connecting flight to Montreal as she lived 90 minutes from the Canadian border. The closer I was getting to her the more I felt the adrenalin run through my body. Would I be able to contain my passion for this woman when we finally met in the flesh so to speak? 

Lisa is 38 years old, 5’ 8” with long black hair that went down to her slim waist, and nice 38dd breasts. Her lips were full and luscious and I couldn’t wait to feel them on my mouth and around my cock! Her eyes were as blue as the ocean and if you looked closely almost as deep to. Her legs were long and shapely and turned heads where ever she went and not just the men’s but also the women’s heads too. She had told me that she also had a bi side to her when we chatted on-line and this turned me on big time. Would I get to see her bi side while I was there, only time would tell. 

I finally arrived at the Montreal Airport and got through customs which didn't take too long. I came through the doors to collect my suitcase then on through another door, and there she was standing waiting on me. She looked absolutely stunning, as there was a heat wave on she had a short t-shirt, which came up to just under her tits and a short skirt which came half way up her thighs. Our eyes met and she had a big smile on her lovely face. We kissed and hugged each other for what seemed like an eternity but in reality was only a few seconds. Then we were off to her car and then off home to her place via the Canadian border. 

When we got to her place it was almost midnight, I had been travelling since 9am UK time and I was dog-tired. Lisa made me a light supper while I showered and then it was time to hit the hay. I went out like a light as soon as my head hit the pillow, then the next thing I knew there was someone running their hands over me. At first I thought I was dreaming then I realized that I wasn’t dreaming at all. It was Lisa, her hands on my inner thighs reaching up to my hardening cock. I lifted the cover and there she was smiling back at me, one hand cupping my balls and the other wrapped around my hard cock. 

“Lie back and enjoy my horny Scotsman” was all she said, and I did as she told me! 

Lisa stuck her tongue out and licked the tip of my cock and squeezed my balls gently. She licked up and down the shaft of my rock hard cock, and then opening her mouth engulfed the head of my now throbbing cock. Her tongue wrapping itself around the head she started to suck my member into her mouth deeper and deeper until I was hitting the back of her throat. She pulled her head back and my cock slipped out of her mouth. 

She looked at me and said “Mmmm you taste good honey. I just couldn’t help myself I just had to taste this lovely cock of yours!” 

I smiled back at her, “I have longed for your mouth around my cock for so long honey please don’t stop now.” 

Lisa smiled again and took my cock back into her soft wet mouth and sucked all of my 7” in deep. I could feel her taking my cock into her throat as she moaned and ground her now very wet pussy into my leg. 

I put my hands on the back of her head while she bobbed up and down on my engorged cock, slurping for all she was worth. She was bringing me to the boil, as I felt the tingle in my balls. My cock throbbing and as I felt the hot spunk rise into the shaft of my cock I moaned out, “I’m going to cum!” 

She continued sucking on my cock for all she was worth and my hot white sticky spunk hit the back of her throat. She gulped down as much as she could trying not to let any escape her mouth as I held her black hair in my hands forcing my cock into her throat filling her belly with seed. Once my cock had gone soft she let it slip from her mouth and pulled her naked body up over mine, she kissed my mouth and I could taste myself on her lips. 

Lisa whispered, “You taste sweet honey just like I knew you would.” 

As she snuggled up to me, my hand cupping her right tit as my thumb and index finger rolled her big hard nipple around. 

“Now its my turn” I said! 

I kissed her on the mouth and as she opened hers I slipped my tongue deep inside her mouth. Our tongues danced as I squeezed her nipple harder, and she let out a low moan. As I slid down her body I kissed and licked first her nipples, then her belly stopping to dip my tongue into her belly button. Then on down the trail of saliva from her chin to her bald pussy. Lisa opened her thighs as I ran my hand over her hairless mound and over her protruding pussy lips. My hot breath on her pubic area making her arch her back, “Oh god yes” was all she said. 

I could smell her muskiness more and more the nearer my face got to her pussy. Her thighs now opened wider as I moved between them, my mouth now only a few inches from her wet welcoming cunt. As I kissed Lisa’s pussy lips she sighed, “Oh god yes, stick you tongue deep inside me Ian now”. 

I began to lick her pussy as she put her thighs on my shoulders and wrapped her legs around my head pulling me closer and closer to her wanting cunt. I slid my tongue deeper and deeper into her pussy tasting her sweet nectar as it filled my mouth, as she tensed up and came with a shuddering climax covering my face with her juices. Her legs fell each side of me and I slid up her body until we were face to face. As we kissed and slipped our tongues into each other’s mouths, I let her taste herself as we shared her sweet nectar. Soon we are overtaken by sleep in each other’s arms. As daylight peeked through the half closed curtains I woke up only to be looking into Lisa’s beautiful face. Her hair was covering part of her face, which I moved with my finger. There was a slight smile on her face as she opened her eyes. 

“Good morning honey,” I said as I kissed her on the lips. “And what shall we get up to today then?”

To be continued?

Thanks Jessi for all your help and encouragement.