 I was sitting here thinking about our conversation earlier, about me meeting you in London for a few days, and my mind wandered.

Imagine this, Its summer time, and I am waiting at the airport to meet you, I am feeling sooo damned excited, can't believe that I am finally going meet you, my heart is thumping with anticipation, butterflies in my tummy are threatening to choke me, pacing up and down like a mad woman, just a teeny bit afraid that we won't gel as well in person as we do here.

Finally, through the crowd of people, I see you, and I can tell by the expression on your face, that you feel the same as I do, I can't wait to hold you, I feel like screaming at the people in front of you, to get out the way and let you through, chewing my lip hard to stop me from crying out, smiling so much my jaw aches.

At last the crowd have dispersed, and you are standing just inches away from me, I pull you close Kiss you full on the mouth, hugging you so tight, and my fingers hurt from holding on to you, the sexual tension between us is electric, and as yet all we have shared is a kiss. after awhile we draw apart, and you say, stand back let me get a good look at you, I am wearing a short pink clingy summer dress, with thin straps, and a pair of high heeled sandals, can't wear a bra, cos the straps will show, trouble is, you have me so excited, it is obvious, my nipples are standing proud, and begging for your touch.

I say, I can't stand this any longer, I NEED YOU NOW!!! So we head off in search of a cab. In the taxi we can barely keep our hands off each other, I notice the taxi driver seems to need to look in his mirror far more than usual but I am too turned on to care, by now, you have the top of my dress pulled down enough to allow you access to my breasts, and you are laying on top of me," to keep my modesty intact" you joke.

We pull up outside the hotel, and wonder how we managed to get away with almost having sex in the cab without getting thrown out, hmmm damn cheek, the cab driver charged us a full fare, after the show he got too, the cheeky swine, . A quick tidy up, before we walk into the hotel, as we are looking more than just a little dishevelled, a few deep breaths, ok lets hurry up and get to our room.

Chapter 2

We are barely through the door of our room, when you grab me, and pull me close, tracing a line down my neck and ears in kisses, sending shivers of ecstasy through my body, there is a sense of urgency between us, that I have never experienced before, its breathtaking. Your hands seem to have a mind of their own, as you almost rip my dress in your hurry to undress me, whispering my name and I love you's.

My heart is racing, my mouth feels bruised and dry from kissing you, you are driving me crazy with desire, I have waited for this moment for so long, wondering what it would be like to make love with you, but even in my wildness dreams, I could never have imagined something this beautiful. Urgent, Yet explorative, wild, passionate but still tender and loving. Strange, I feel as though I have known you all my life.

Almost without realising, I have unbuttoned your shirt, and dropped it to the floor, so wrapped up in you, and what you are doing to me, that my body is working on automatic. Kissing you hungrily on the mouth as my hands seek out the zip of your jeans, undoing them first attempt, which surprises me as I am shaking from head to foot. Sliding my hand inside your jeans, I seek to release your very erect throbbing cock, already moist with arousal, I raise my head towards you, smile, and then kneel in front of you, sliding your jeans down your legs, I ease them over your feet, and toss them aside.

You are looking down at me, as if trying to decide what your next move is going be, but before you have a chance to do anything, I take control. You have teased me for long enough, I almost exploded in the taxi, and you haven't stopped teasing me since, let's see if you can take as good as you give. I kiss slowly and softly up the inside of your leg, all the way up to your groin, across your tummy and back down to your groin on the other side, narrowly missing the very place you want me to be, you reach down and take my head in your hands, and try to guide me gently back there, but I look up at you and shake my head, no way babe, not yet! I kiss and lick back down to your groin, to your balls, running my tongue all over them, while stroking your butt with my hands, I gently suck and kiss and lick your balls, until you are breathing slightly heavier, and your hand is pressing down on my head, please babe, you moan, don't tease me anymore.

I kiss up your body, until I reach your cock; I kiss all the way up your cock take it into my mouth, just the tip, tasting for the first time the slightly salty taste of you. Sliding my mouth slowly down your manhood, sucking you gently, Getting harder as I move down your shaft. You moan with pleasure and start to thrust your hips forward, your breathing is becoming more laboured, and you are gripping my head tighter, you tell me what I already know, that you are about to cum, I remove your cock from my mouth, and kiss, lick and suck down the side of your cock, and back up again until I feel you relax again. You pull me up into standing position, and lead me over to the bed. We lay down on top of the bed, and start kissing and hugging, touching and teasing all over again. You kiss me hard on my lips, and from there, kiss down my neck, licking and kissing, teasing me, kissing my breasts, teasing my nipples with your tongue, they immediately spring to attention at your touch, you take my nipple into your mouth, gently nibbling, I moan with delight, oh my god that feels so good. 

You hold my breasts in your hands, gently caressing and licking them until I can stand no more. You move slowly down my body, by this time, I am writhing against you, damn you!! you know what I want you to do, but it seems there is no end to your teasing, I grab at your hair, and pull you towards me, holding on tight, so you can't move away, now you quit your teasing, or I am going hurt you!!! You laugh and move your head between my legs. Now that's more like it!!! You tease me with your tongue, flicking it over my clitoris, sucking it, biting gently on it, ohhhh yes honey that feels fantastic, I am so aroused I am tingling all over, grinding my hips furiously against you, pulling at your hair, feeling weak, and dizzy as wave after wave of ecstasy ripple though my body, finally sated, I lay still, trying desperately to catch my breath. WOW!!!! I LOVE YOU BABY.

Chapter 3

Now that the room is silent, we are suddenly aware of noise coming from the room next door; Sounds like another couple are in the throes of passion too. We lay there listening, snuggled up together, the guy seems to be making more noise than the female, and quite high pitched too, sending us into fits of giggles, but then we get to thinking that maybe we sounded as weird, so spend the next half an hour or so quizzing each other. By this time next door have finished, and we give them a round of applause, from which we receive hearty laughter from them.

Feeling rested, I roll you over onto your back, sit astride you, "I hope you aren't feeling tired hon", I say "cos I haven't done with you yet" I lean down to kiss you, slipping my tongue into your mouth, MMmm I love kissing you, I love being with you, you make me feel alive, safe and warm. I love this position, I love to be in control, you try to touch me, to caress my breasts, but I stop you, and make you place your hands behind your head, you have to do as I say, and only touch when you have my permission to do so. You are not too happy with the rules, but realise that I mean business, so do as you are told.

Still sitting astride you, I lean down pressing my breasts against you, tickling your chest with my breasts, running them all over your chest and stomach, placing little kisses where my breasts have just left, pausing briefly every now and then to look up at you, to smile or wink, I love looking at you, still can't quite believe you are here. Licking down your stomach to your cock, nice to see he is already standing tall and proud for me, no teasing this time, I take you deep into my mouth, stroking your balls with my fingers as I suck you, sucking you deep and fast, watching your reaction, sucking harder and faster with each stroke, taking your cock in my hands, I start to wank you into my mouth, slowly at first, but getting faster and harder, until I feel you are about to cum, I can hear you moaning, "I'm going cum babe" "oh shit I am going cum" only this time I don't stop or move out of the way, I swallow every drop MMMmm I love sucking you!! 

I don't think we are going get too much sight seeing done at this rate, do you?? no that wasn't a complaint, lol. The only sights I need to see are right here beside me. By now you are fading fast, jet lag is kicking in, and you can barely keep your eyes open, so we order room service, we eat a light dinner, and then snuggle down for a cuddle and a nap, you fall asleep almost as soon as your head touches the pillow, I lay beside you watching you, you look so peaceful, and you have a slight smile on your face too, truly the look of a content man. I love you sooo much baby!!! I kiss you lightly on the cheek, snuggle down beside you, and go to sleep.

I awaken a few hours later, to the sound of the shower running, can hear you singing away quietly to yourself, with a smile, I jump out of bed, and dash into the bathroom, moving quietly, I creep over to the shower, open the door "BOO!!!!!" you should have seen the expression on your face lol. You drag me into the shower with you, "you are going pay for that BITCH!!" You say laughing. MMMMmmm "promises, promises" say I, batting my eyes at you, in what I hope is a sexy expression. Lol. You press my back again the tiles and kiss me, running your hands down my body, you say "I think we have some unfinished business darling" we kiss, cuddle, fondle and explore each others bodies some more, oh my god, I can't get enough of you, you turn me around kissing down my back, you enter me from behind. "Oh god yes", if this is punishment for making you jump well all I can say is " bring it on boy, bring it on", pushing myself against you, I want you take me as deep as possible, " oh yeah, oh babe, FUCK ME!!!!" " MMMmmm harder, faster, fuck me, oh my fucking god" you are fucking me hard and furious now, I am screaming with pleasure, You start to moan in my ear, softly at first, but getting louder as we climax together. Oh babe, that was fantastic.

Chapter 4

Hot and steamy in the shower, wow, that was mind blowing, but time to cool off, or we are never going get anything done today, after a soapy suds fight, which I won, lol, we dry off, and get ready to go see the sights.

First port of call is the London eye,after queuing for ages, we find we have a cable car to ourselves, I am absolutely terrified of heights, and I am shaking like a leaf, I only came on this damn thing because you said you wanted to see it, now I wish I had waited for you on solid ground. You cuddle me, and talk to me, trying to distract me and as nice as it is, its not distracting me for long enough. As we reach the top of the London eye, the cable car pauses, and doesn't move for ages, "John, you are going have to make love to me, its the only thing that will take my mind of this horrible thing" I try desperately to hide the wicked glint in my eye, lol. 

You look around at all the other cars on the eye, and say, you have got to be joking, all these people are around, they will see. Without saying another word, I sit astride you, facing you, I am wearing a flared dress, with buttons all the way down the front, I make sure the dress is covering us, and then I undo your flies, "who is going see what darling??" I say, laughing at you, I take hold of your cock, and guide it inside me, MMmmm, don't you just love the thrill of getting caught?? moving slowly, slyly, so as not to draw attention to us, You smile is as broad as the Cheshire cat in Alice in Wonderland, grinding my hips against you, sliding up and down on your cock, I don't have a care in the world, so who cares how high up the cable car is, lol, I am soaring like a bird in the sky, woohoo I am starting to get quite vocal now, you are laughing and telling me to shush, yeah right, I am about to cum, and I don't care who knows it, riding you hard and fast now, feeling you deep inside me, oh yeahh, MMmmm cum with me baby. The cable car starts to move again, oh shit!! fuck me babe, OOOOOHHHHHH yeahhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!! we finish just in time, brush ourselves down, and leave the cable car, laughing like a couple of teenagers.Damn after that I need a shower, so how about we go back now and eat at the hotel tonight? Walking back to the hotel, I feel as though we are broadcasting to all we see, what we just did on the Eye, I still feel flushed, and dishevelled, but that just adds to the thrill. 

The dining hall is full of pensioners, and has as much life in it as the local graveyard. We are laughing and chatting, and getting disapproving looks from all around. Miserable old cows. I slip my shoe off, and run my foot up and down your leg, I slide my foot up your leg to your lap, and tease you with my foot, feeling you getting hard, running my foot over your erection, Mmm is that a gun in your pocket or are you just pleased to see me? " oh my god, I do believe you are blushing" you begin to shift uncomfortably in your seat, your hand begins to wander up my leg, I am not sure whether you are trying to stop me, or whether you are so damn horny you just have to touch, looking deep into your eyes, giving you the full benefit of my "come to bed eyes" loving the way you are looking at me, enjoying making you squirm. 

Oops I seem to have dropped my fork under the table,its gone right under the table too, I crawl under the table, but ignore the fork, I pull the table cloth back down, so I am hidden, and undo your jeans, Got to let the poor beast free, he is suffocating there, I take your cock in my hand, and lick it like it is a ice lolly on a hot day, MMmm , you bring out the worst in me you know that? you are struggling not to give the game away, but your eyes close in ecstasy and you are getting breathless, people are beginning to look, close by is the couple in the next room to us, give you a knowing wink, and smile, you whisper to me, "stop it babe I am going cum", but there's no chance of that happening, I I wank you into my mouth, testing your self control to the limit, MMmm faster, sucking harder, cum in my mouth babe, you know you want to, stifling a groan as much as you can, your cock begins to twitch, and throb, any second now my mouth is going be full of your hot salty cum, I suck harder still, until you lose all self control, and cum in my mouth, MMmm I love to taste you, oh boy, you are in a real mess, but I lick you clean, there, how's that?.

The other couple smile as I return to my seat, "You grin and say you really don't care what you do, do you?" lol, are you complaining hon? As soon as we finish eating, the guy from the other table comes across to talk to us, "would you mind if we join you? seems we are the only life there is in this place, so maybe we ought to stick together" we tell him that we would love them to join us, and he goes to fetch his wife. They introduce themselves as Sally and Jim, they are both early 40's we think. They invite us up to their room for a night cap, they seem like a fun couple so we agree. In no time at all the conversation turns to sex, they ask us if I was really blowing you under the table, we laugh and sheepishly admit it, Jim tells us that they were getting pretty turned on at the thought of it. 

You and Jim get involved in a conversation about bikes, Sally refuses to let the sex subject drop though, she tells me that she is "Bi" and said that Jim would love to see her have sex with another woman, I know that you must have heard what she just said because, you looked over at us, with an expression on your face that says, ohhh yeah fuck yes. Sally asks if we enjoy a smoke of weed, well talk about ask a silly question. Jim skins up a couple of joints, and we all sit and get wasted, As if we weren't feeling horny enough, john slips in a porno video, its a group sex session, loads of couples having sex, but there's loads of lesbian sex too, you and Jim make it plain how much you would love to see a lesbian scene unfold for real. Sally smiles and says,"well I am willing guys....." she looks at me as if to say, its her that's letting the side down. Jim takes sally by the hand and leads her into the bathroom, they are only gone for a second, and when they return, I can see a plan has been hatched.

Chapter 5 

Sally sat down next to me, and we sat and shared another couple of spliffs, all the time she was talking, I got the distinct impression she was flirting with me, but that didn't worry me, only thing that startled me at that time, was that I was actually enjoying her attention, Jim and John were engrossed in a conversation, and not paying any attention to us so it seemed, Sally and I sat watching the porno, getting stoned, and chatting, getting close, after awhile, I found I was actually getting turned on by her. Sally asked me if I had ever been with a woman, I told her I had, but more as a threesome than anything else, I have been with a woman a couple of times without a guy present, of course this left me wide open for the obvious question of did I enjoy it, and Sally didn't hesitate in asking, yes I did enjoy it, it was fun, but I need a good stiff cock inside me too. 

Sally seemed pretty excited by this, she leant forward and kissed me full on the mouth, and I didn't pull away, in fact I found myself kissing her back, her hands wandered down my body to my breasts, tweaking my nipple gently in her fingers while kissing me, MMmmm I didn't know where you and Jim were at this stage and I didn't care, Sally was driving me wild, and I didn't care what she did next, the thought that you and Jim might have been watching excited me too. Sally slid her hand down my top and started stroking my breasts, sliding her tongue into my mouth, she whispered, "imagine my tongue licking your pussy" Oh my god, she unbuttoned my blouse, undone my bra, and was stroking and licking my breasts, MMMmm, I don't think I have ever been this hot, when a woman has touched me before, Sallies hands wander further down my skirt, she slides my thong to oneside, and inserts her fingers inside my pussy, oh my fucking god, she has done this before I can tell, she slides down between my legs, and licks my clit, while fingering my pussy, Oh yeahhh!!! 

I am suddenly aware of someone licking my breasts, and as sally is between my legs I know it isn't her, I open my eyes, and discover its Jim, oh my god, is this really happening to me? MMMmm, I look for john, he is standing over the other side of the room, looking as though he doesn't know what to do next, I beckon him over, sitting in front of me, I take his cock deep into my mouth, I love the way he feels in my mouth, Sally sits up, and tells john to sit on the couch beside her, she then sits astride him, and orders him to fuck her as hard as he can, john, being an obedient kind of guy does as he is bid, I get a huge buzz out of watching him fuck sally, Jim pulls me up and bends me over the back of the couch, whips my thong off me in one easy move, and enters me from behind, fucking me with just the tip teasing me, "tell me you want the rest, and its yours," he says, "I want all of your cock, I say" he slides in a little more, "is that enough?" he asks? "no" I scream, "fuck me you arsehole" "MMmm that's better I love a woman who knows what she wants" I look up and see you are watching Jim fuck me, I lean over and kiss you, and whisper "is this ok with you" you grin broadly and say, "you bet" Jim turns me around and tells me to sit astride him now, he is fucking me hard and fast, you and sally change positions too, she sits on the couch, while you kneel on the floor, Damn, the air is electric, all of us are getting close to the point of cummin, Jim takes his cock out of my pussy, and comes over my tits, then orders sally to lick it up, which she does with relish, I lean over, taking your cock into my mouth, mmm I love the way you taste. 
