 As this is the second to last part in this story, I wanted to thank all the readers who read this. I would really appreciate if I got comments and more feedback. Please post at least 2 good comments to help me improve or how you want the story to end. Thanks!!

*****

Chapter 27

I got dressed fast and said mom you're back so soon. She explained that there was no traffic and no lines at the market. But I wasn't paying attention, I was just thinking of how upset Aaron was. 

When I finished setting the table, Aaron finally came out and asked my mom if she needed any help. She said no dear, you can go play ping pong in the basement with Scott, while I'll get dinner ready. 

We went downstairs and we played ping pong. I asked him if everything was alright and he said yeah. Then he stopped playing ping pong and sat down on the couch. I started to give him a shoulder massage and asked him what was wrong, but he didn't answer. All he did was moved over and said I need some space.

I went up to my room and closed the door. I never felt so hurt, I kept asking what I did wrong, but I didn't think I did anything wrong. We had dinner and Aaron didn't sit by me or look at me. Mom asked us what movie should we watch. But I told her that I wasn't in the mood for a movie, I was just tired. I couldn't help but stop thinking about Aaron. 

Dad asked Aaron a question and he began to talk all about college and his plans. But something inside of me broke, I got up from the table and went to my room and locked the door. Aaron got up from the table and knocked on my door and told me to let him in. 

I told him, now you're talking to me. I opened the door and let him in, he apologized for freaking out and that he hoped we can still be friends. I asked why he freaked out, but he wouldn't tell me. Spot came in and he said you and I adopted him together, let's not fight in front of our kid.

I laughed and said it's alright and yes we can be friends. That night Aaron came into my room and instead of coming in his usual PJs, which was him in his underwear, he came fully clothed. I said you're not in your underwear, he said I know, this is what friends wear when they sleep together. I just went along with it.

The next morning mom came in and didn't wake us. She saw how happy I was and left us for another hour. I woke up and Aaron had his arm on my back and I had my head on his chest again. I pulled off and said sorry this isn't what friends do and he said it is alright, just this once.

As I glanced at this place one last time, I felt that I should say goodbye forever. Mom came up to before we left and told me, it is alright, you don't need to hide that you and Aaron are a thing. I told her no, he just wants to be friends, but she said I saw this morning and you looked a lot more than friends all curled up next to him. I yelled mom, remember privacy and she said she forgot. 

On the way back we talked about what the plan for this year was and we smiled and thought about hanging out and working together a lot. When we got home, Aaron went back to his place and I decided to make a podcast. I named this one, the best summer ever. 

Hey, everyone. Guess what, you're not gonna believe this, I just had the best time at my lake house with a special guest. We went swimming together and we had a blast. It was so much fun, especially when he crawled into bed with me and we went swimming naked. 

I thought I should share this with you today because I want everyone to know, that you can be who you want to be and not hide. I am proud that I am gay and I am proud to not be afraid to tell you I'm gay. Also, I want everyone to know that there is someone out there for you. You just have to find them. I can't wait to start school again and I can't wait to hear what you guys did this summer. Have a great rest of your summer.

The next week we got our schedules and I had all my classes with him. I couldn't believe it, it was a sign that we were supposed to be with each other. 

Chapter 28

On the first day of school, Aaron and I walked to every class together. We talked about how working at the Pet Shop is so fun and yet overrated. He comes to my house 4 times a week to hang out with Spot and I. 

I asked Aaron one day, if I could meet his family. Aaron said no, but I wouldn't take that for an answer. So the next week Aaron invited me over to his house. I got all dressed up and looked so nice. 

I bought some flowers for you Mrs. Baxter and she said why thank you, aren't you cute. I looked around his apartment and saw why he didn't like being there. I asked Mrs. Baxter if she needed help with dinner and she said no. We sat down for dinner and waited for Aaron's step dad to come home and he finally did. 

Hey, bitch I'm home, where is my beer. Then he saw me, he said who the fuck are you. I said hello sir my name is Scott. I am a and he cut me off and said what do you want. I said I just wanted to finally meet Aaron's parents. 

Then he said I am not the father of that little shit and I don't like him. Aaron's mom asked Aaron to help her with the dinner and they both left me alone with his step dad. He turned to me and said, son, why are you here? I told him because Aaron and I have been hanging out and I thought it was time I met his family.

He continued to sip his beer and said he remembers me. He said you're that queer that was on the news. He said I can't believe you beat up that boy for raping you, I thought fags were suppose to love that stuff. As Aaron and his mom brought out the food. I apologized for my rudeness, but I had to leave.

Aaron saw that there were tears running down my face and he saw that his step dad was laughing. So it didn't take long for him to put it together. He said wait Scott, I'll walk you out. He walked me home and he said I told you my step dad could be a jerk. 

I gave him a hug and said you shouldn't be treated like that. The next day Aaron came to school with a black eye and I asked him what happened. But he wouldn't tell me and then I asked if it was his step dad and he said yes. 

Later that day, I talked to my mom and the next day my mom and I sat down with Aaron and asked if he would like to stay with us for as long as he wants. He said no at first, but then I said we insist on you staying with us. 

He moved some of his belonging into the guest room. My mom told Aaron that she is happy to have him stay here and be safe with us. She also said that since you mean a lot to Scott, you mean a lot to Mr. Hall and I.

It was 2 months after Aaron moved in with us and Aaron helped his team make it to the championships. The game has been going great and we were down by 5 points. All Aaron need to do was throw the ball and make a touchdown.

As the Jaguars yelled hike, with only 10 seconds left on the clock. Aaron thought quickly and decided to throw a hail mary. The crowd started to count down from 5 as the ball went through the air. Steve who was wide open caught the ball and scored the winning points.

The Jaguars win, everyone ran to the field and picked up Aaron and Steve. They were carried all the way to the locker room. After the game, Spot and I waited outside the locker room for Aaron. 

A bunch of people came up to us and asked if they could pet Spot. When Aaron came out I told him to drive to Ashton's, so we could celebrate your victory. I bought us two milkshakes and started walking it over to the table where Aaron and Spot waited. 

I smiled and kept walking over when suddenly, my legs began to feel weaker. I started to lose feeling in them and I was unconscious when I hit the floor.