 I love that smile.

The one you give me when I walk in the door from being out of town. Your whole face lights up and I can see the barely contained giddiness in your eyes. It's a big, beautiful, infectious smile that spreads to my face quickly. I love when you give me that smile.

You like to run into my arms, get wrapped up and gathered in a big bear hug. Your giggles in my ear only make the moment sweeter. Your arms wrapped around my shoulders, mine around your waist. I like holding you above me, off the floor. It lets you know that I am strong, powerful and capable of protecting you. I do it just to remind you that you are my girl. I love you, sweet and innocent, just the way you are.

I like holding you up until you kiss me and beg me to put you down. I make it a game to see how long I can hold you up and how much you'll beg me to stop.

And then we start kissing in earnest. Soft, full lipped kisses at first; growing in need until our mouths part and our tongues flick out to taste one another. They grow more intense as we begin to kiss deeper, penetrating each other with our tongues, wrestling with them inside each other's mouths.

By now, our hands aren't just holding each other. They are rubbing up and down the other's backs, as far down as your ass, yours up into my hair. I grab your ass while you tug at my hair, both of us desperate for more.

It's then that you begin to rub yourself on my thigh trying to get friction on your clit and grinding your soft pelvis on to my ever growing bulge. Our hands switch positions as I start to pull softly on your long, brown tresses and you get two handfuls of my ass, occasionally administering swats of various velocities.

We are both moaning into each other's mouths as our hands get more desperate. A flurry of tugging, unzipping, unhooking, and pulling ensues until our clothes are strewn about our feet, our bare flesh pressed upon one another.

I pull you over to the couch. I sit and pull you to straddle, all without parting our lips from one another. Our need for each other is growing. I've become completely hard for you and your bare, shaved pussy is starting to leak wetness on to me as you slide your lips up and down the seven inches of my cock.

You finally break the kisses of your lips to immediately attack my neck with your kisses. I moan in response to your lips and tongue traveling from my shoulder, up my neck, to my ear where you breathe hot air with a trace of your moaning arousal beneath. 

"Baby, my body missed you," is all you whisper and my cock twitches beneath you, letting out the first drop of pre-cum and coating our stomachs.

You put your nose to mine briefly, staring me in the eye before kissing me hard again, sucking my bottom lip into your mouth and letting it slide between your barely parted teeth as you pull back from me. You keep my gaze and moan seductively while you lick your lips, before throwing your head down and licking my chest. 

You work your way from straddling me, to kneeling on the floor in front of me where you continue your oral assault on my stomach. Licking, kissing, and the occasional bite keep me moaning, throwing my head back in ecstasy and keep my fingers running through your hair.

You lick your way back toward my shoulders, but not before pulling a nipple into your mouth, sucking and tonguing it before letting it pop from your mouth.

With your tongue leading the way, you come in for another kiss, your mouth hot and wet and your tongue plump from all the work it's been doing.

You break the kiss and lie on your back pulling the back of my neck as you fall, guiding my face directly to your right nipple.

I take as much of your breast into my mouth as I can and gently suck while I swirl my tongue around your rapidly hardening tit. I suck just on the nipple some and then remove my mouth completely before flicking my tongue on your soft mound.

Once the right breast has had enough attention, I kiss my way across your chest and give the left the same erotic tongue bath.

When I'm done getting your nipple hard and your breasts sensitive, I palm both, rubbing and squeezing while my tongue snakes up your chest, licking from your shoulder to the nape of your neck and to your ear in one agonizing electric lick.

You shudder and goosebumps appear all over your body as I take your earlobe into my mouth and begin giving hot, slow kisses to your ear. One hand stays on your breasts, working back and forth between them. The other hand grabs a handful of hair to hold you in place so you hear me breathing heavily into your ear.

I kiss my way back down your body, giving your neck and both nipples a little extra attention. More slow, goosebump inducing licks cover your stomach and your hands instinctively move to the back of my head.

I can feel your slight push, trying to get my mouth to your pulsing clit, but I take my time. I kiss all over your lower stomach, even biting and sucking hard attempting to leave my mark of dominance on you.

You finally get what you want when my head makes its way between your thighs, but I delay a little more, licking your soft pussy lips and kissing just outside your smooth, wet entrance.

I tease and lick, tease and lick, tease and lick, until you finally snap, "Suck my fucking clit. Now."

My mouth moves like lightning to your folds, I'm so eager to give you what you desperately crave. Your grip loosens entirely on my hair when my mouth sucks you in and my tongue begins working your delicious button in my mouth. You immediately begin to moan and gently caress my scalp. I know you are getting what you desired and there is no thought in your mind other than, 'YES!'

I continue to use my tongue on you, sometimes swirling, sometimes flicking, and sometimes pushing your clit back and forth with the flat part of my tongue. When I really want to drive you crazy, I suck on your slit lightly, hold it with my teeth and use the underside of my tongue to lick left and right rapidly, all while I hum a low tone.

The only time I take my mouth away from your clit is to give your pussy long, ice cream cone like licks from bottom to top. Slow and delicious, this is when your love honey seeps out onto my tongue and I taste your sweet nectar. I turn my face sideways and shove my tongue as deep inside you as I can, trying my best to lick your g spot.

With all of your moaning and the amount of cum that now coats my lips, chin and face, I decide you've had enough. I move my face up to yours, and without wiping my mouth, kiss you deeply, spreading your cum from my face to yours.

"Lick me clean," I command you, giving you a steely stare. You obey quickly and begin giving my face a tongue bath, eventually kissing and sucking every drop of your own pussy off my face. 

"Good girl," I comment when I think you are all done, "Now get your mouth to work."

I don't allow you the slow work up I gave you. I lean back, grab two fistfuls of your hair and push your head hard toward my cock. You open your mouth and immediately I push your head down until I can feel the back of your throat. I hold you there for a brief second and pull you up hard, hearing you gasp for air. 

I give you a few seconds to regain your composure before I ram your head down on my cock again. This time you choke and sputter slightly as I hold your head down for almost five seconds. Spit drools out of your mouth and onto my cock when your mouth hangs over me. You pant wildly for air and try to swallow all the excess saliva in your mouth.

I pull your hair back and make you look me in the eye when I ask you, "Do you want to get your face fucked, baby girl?"

You swallow again, give me your best innocent face, and nod vigorously. "Yes please," you plead.

"Then get ready," I tell you.

This time you put your hair in a scrunchie and I hold your ponytail with just my right hand. I decide I'm not done choking you with my cock yet, and plug your nose with my left hand as I push down again with my right. I hold you there for just a second after I feel you struggle to come up. Just to make sure you know who is in charge and that I will always push your limits. You cough and spit more on my long shaft, watching your saliva cover my balls and slide all the way down to my ass.

I push your head down again, allowing you to take just the tip of my cock in your mouth. Then I begin fucking your mouth. Slow and shallow at first, I slowly pick up speed and depth until you are taking a comfortable four inches in and out very rapidly. 

I slow down and move both hands to each side of your head. You feel me holding you firmly, tightly and slightly lower on my dick as I begin again. This time not slowly or shallow.

I start fucking your throat. You do your best to absorb the assault my throbbing, hot dick is giving your throat but you can't. Your hands shoot up and try to push yourself away from my thighs, but I have you held tight. I won't let you move and I won't let up slamming the back of your throat with my cock. I give you just a few more pumps before holding you down one last time, deep throating nearly my whole dick, your nose nearly grinding my pubes.

When I finally let you up, spit falls from your gaping mouth. You gasp deeply for air and the corners of your eyes have watered. You had just gotten your first real brutal face fuck. Your own spit glistens on your chin. You feel ravaged, but smile at me and say, "I LOVED that". 

I decide not to waste the opportunity of such a wet face or the drool all over me below the waist and scoot myself down the couch a bit. I place one ankle on the back of the couch and the other on top of the coffee table before pushing your face straight down to my asshole.

You either love it, or pretend you do just so I don't go back to pounding your mouth. Your tongue teases and goes deep in my ass, all while I moan with pleasure and whisper encouragement and praise.

You take small breaks to lick from my ass up to my balls, sucking them one at a time and popping them from your mouth. You give a nice clean up and tongue bath to everything below my cock when I tell you, "I'm ready to fuck."

You smile. Not the sweet, loving smile you gave me when I walked in the door, but one full of lust and knowing that ultimate satisfaction is on its way.

You lie back on the couch, your head resting on the arm, with one foot on the ground, and the other up on the back of the couch. You push your knees apart and show me the wet hole between your legs. It's glistening and nearly dripping wet.

There's a look of pure need and anticipation on your face as I position myself between your thighs, one hand holding the base of my cock so I can tease your pussy. Rubbing my head all over your clit, I let my pre-cum add to the mess on your pussy.

I move to your entrance and feed you barely an inch. You moan and buck your hips, your body begging for more. But I just keep teasing from your hole to your clit, spreading your own lube all over yourself. When the look in your eye goes from need to pure desperation, like you are dying and I am your only cure, then I give you my length.

All of it.

In one gliding stroke, you take my entire dick deep inside you, Rushing past your g spot and filling you oh so full. This is the time I receive one of the best rewards.

The look on your face as you take my cock for the first time after teasing and playing for a long time is my favorite thing during sex. It's a look of pain, and of fulfillment. Total lust and wild passion. I can see you lose who you are, where you are, and the world around you just briefly as your body explodes in complete sensory overload. I love the look of agony and ecstasy. However, it is fleeting. I see the world fade back into your eyes and this is when I know you are ready to get fucked.

This is when I decide this isn't the time when you want deep, slow strokes. You just want to get your cunt drilled. So I oblige.

I begin a decent pace of bouncing up and down on you, slamming my entire length inside you, making hard contact with your clit on every down stroke. I love when we fall into a perfect rhythm. You rebound from the couch as I bounce up. Just as you are about to start falling back to the couch, I push back in, splitting your tight hole, spreading you out, loosening your tight treasure.

It feels so delicious. And I can tell by the look on your face, you feel just the same. I move my eyes up and down your body, unable to decide what the best view is. I can watch your eyes, your face. See you transform from my sweet girlfriend to a cock craving slut. Watch you stare me down, urging me to never stop fucking you and to always pound you this good. 

I can watch your tits, bouncing and rocking about. I love grabbing on to one or both while I fuck you, trying to give you just a little extra pleasure and make even more fireworks go off in your brain. Or I can watch my cock slide in and out of your split pink lips. I love seeing my cock come out of you, shiny with your girl cum, before I plunge back inside you, just to withdraw again, more coated with each stroke.

I move my eyes back and forth, taking in your beauty and the splendor of your 22 year old, tight body.

When I think you've had enough warm up, I slide out of you, oh so slowly and watch your face. Your pussy begs to be filled and gapes open with my withdrawal. This is another moment where you lose yourself. You look as though I'm taking away your ability to breathe. That my cock inside you is keeping you alive. That is the desperation and hunger in your eyes when we fuck.

I sit near you, facing outward and pat my thighs to let you know I want you to climb on. You pull yourself off your back and swing your leg over me. I reach around you and grab two handfuls of your perfect ass while you hold my cock, guiding me back into your lustful need.

I love when you slide down me slowly, feeling every hard inch slowly enveloped by your hole. But this time, you place me right at your entrance and sit down hard, ramming my cock through you and tearing you apart. A loud moan exits your body and you are ready to start riding my dick.

You start by rocking your hips while you are taking all of me, allowing your clit to grind against me. With my hands on your ass, I help you rock forward and back, giving your ass hard slaps every few seconds.

I scoot back on the couch and allow you to get your knees and shins up on the couch. You begin to bounce on me, tits and ass bouncing beautifully. I push you up with my hips every time you bottom out, causing you to rocket up before falling hard again, impaling your pink pussy on me.

I sit back giving you a long appreciative moan. You've gotten so good at riding me. I love just sitting back and enjoying the sensations as well as the show you put on.

When you start to slow, I pull at your knees, getting you to put your feet flat on the couch. A broad smile crosses your face, because you know what comes next.

You lean forward, kiss me hard on the mouth and balance yourself on my shoulders. With that smile still on your face, you look back and forth into my eyes and beg me with that look that tells me to nail you and never stop.

I oblige, thrusting up into your pussy hard, slamming into your clit. I speed up, hitting all your spots hard and fast. You cry out and moan louder and louder, screaming my name just as your pussy can't take any more.

You buck off of me. Your body convulses, your pussy shooting hot cum all over my stomach and even my chest. You smile a very contented smile and growl at me, showing your appreciation for your mini orgasm.

You sit back down on my cock, guiding me back inside you. You lean forward and give me a hard, full lipped kiss and pull away smiling. You rub your hands across my chest and stomach, rubbing your warm cum into my body.

"Keep fucking me, baby" is all you say as you reposition your body to take more sex.

I drill you. Over and over. You continue to cover me in cum and keep rubbing it in, every time seeming to produce more and more of your sweet love juice.

After a few more of your squirting episodes, you've covered me from my neck to my thighs, my whole body glistening. 

"Let's go shower, baby," you tell me.

Climbing off the couch and heading for the stairs, I watch you from the couch. Your beautiful curves sway back and forth. Your goddess body demands more pleasure. I follow you, hungry for more of you.

I follow you to the bathroom and watch you bend over to turn the water on. This is too much of an invitation for me to pass up. I drop to my knees, grabbing your ass with both hands, kissing and biting with my mouth. You let out a sharp cry of surprise and pleasure.

After a few minutes of this, I know the water is warm enough. I know you are just staying for the attention, so I give you more. Grabbing your ass and spreading it open slightly, I probe your asshole with my tongue. It tightens and I know you love it. My tongue gets deep into your ass. You moan, reach back and hold my face hard against your beautiful booty.

After another minute of me probing your hole, you pull my face back, look me straight in the eye and tell me, "Let's get you cleaned up, dirty boy."

"Yes, baby," is my only reply when you give me a command.

You flip the water to the shower and get in behind me, turning me to face the shower head. The hot water pounds my chest and you rub while pressing yourself against my back. Your hands trail up and down my body, eventually working your way down to my cock. Massaging softly, you let your fingertips trace the veins on my shaft, dragging your fingernails tenderly over my balls.

You begin to stroke my still hard erection with you left hand as your turn me to face sideways. You love seeing my cock stick straight out for you. And you stare while stroking me, your moans and sounds of approval loud enough to be heard over the pounding water.

Your right hand traces my spine down to my ass caressing, grabbing, digging your nails in and even slapping my ass hard. Every loud swat is followed my gentle rubbing and every hit seems to be harder than the last. You begin to elicit sharp intakes of breath from me as I can feel my ass getting red and sore from your relentless punishment.

When you seem to have had enough, you slide your hand between my ass cheeks, your middle finger leading the charge.

"Now," you say, still stroking my cock and rubbing my asshole, "are you going to fuck me some more?" 

At this moment you shove the length of your middle finger in my ass, causing me to take on a look of shock and pleasure. "Or am I going to have to fuck you?"

You wiggle your middle finger around in my ass, causing my cock to leak more and more pre-cum.

You scoop it up with the fingers of your left hand and push them into my mouth. I suck you clean, your middle finger still pushing deeper into my ass.

I reach back, pull your hand from my ass and feel your finger leave me, knowing for a moment a small piece of the emptiness your feel when I withdraw from you. I grab your hair roughly and pull your head back causing your mouth to open. I move in, for more of a penetrative tongue fuck of your mouth, rather than a kiss.

"Bend over, slut" are my only words to you as I push your head toward the faucet. You know the position I want you in. You bed over, presenting your holes to me.

I greedily grab your hips and shove myself back into your still moist, still hot pussy. I give you a few long smooth strokes to get you warmed up, making you take my whole length. I can feel my cock bottom out in your pussy, balls deep and pushing deeper in you than you've ever had.

Then the real fucking begins. With my hands firmly holding your hips, sometimes slapping your ass hard enough to leave clear handprints, I start tearing your pussy up.
