 I was finally going home. It was about 10:00 at night, I had just gotten off work, early if I recall, and was heading back to my house for a night of easy sleep.

A bit about myself though, I am 22 years old, and I work on call, 24/7. I am 6'6" and weigh in at about 200 lbs. I work out regularly and because of my on call status I get paid even when I don't have to go in to work, so I get a bit of free time on my hands. I moved back home when things didn't work out so well with my girlfriend and she kicked me out. Jokes on her, she can't afford the apartment and she'll be kicked out soon enough. Even her "sugar daddy" won't pay the rent. I love redheads and boobs, it's my thing. My last girlfriend dyed her hair red just for me, but it's just not the same.

So I was driving home, remembering that my mom and dad wanted to have a night on the town. They had asked me to baby sit for my younger sister, I told them that work would call and they did so everything worked out. I had figured that my parents would have scrapped their plans and stay home...boy was I wrong.

I pulled my truck into the driveway and parked. I sat back in my seat looking at my spit cup, knowing that I had to get rid of my chewing tobacco before I could go inside. I spat it out sad because I knew there was another good half hour left in that hit, but I figured that I would have another one in the morning and my nerves would be just fine. As I dug out the wad of wet tobacco I noticed an unusual amount of movement behind the window of our livingroom, sure the curtains were closed but I could see the silhouette of someone moving around. I figured it was Beth, my baby sister, she's only ten years old and I thought old enough to watch herself, but my parents came home early one night and found her smoking a cigarette. So now she needed a babysitter...but not me, not tonight.

I spat the last of my chew on the ground as I got out of my truck and felt my pockets for my house key.

"Shit," I swore aloud, I must have locked my key in my truck, looking through the window I saw it lying there. I'd need to ring the doorbell. I looked at my phone; the clock said 10:22 PM. 

'Not too late to ring the doorbell,' I thought to myself.

I walked up to the door and pushed the glowing button, listening for the sound of the bell...sure enough there it was, and I listened to the scuffling sound of feet moving and doors being opened.

I sighed, waiting for my mother to yell at me for risking the waking of my sister, but nothing could have been further from my prediction...nor could it have been better.

"Can I help you?" A beautiful redheaded girl answered the door; she had two pony tails at the sides of her head. I took a moment to reassure myself that I had come to the right house...yea it was mine alright...but who was this?

"I live here." I said, "I'm Beth's older brother." I took the opportunity to glance her once over. The door she left closed blocked most of her from view, but her cleavage was clearly visible, and ample. She easily had a size DD cup, and her tube top showed all of it.

"Oh," her mouth formed the cutest most perfect circle, "Yes, your home earlier than your parent's expected, though they said you might get home."

She opened the door for me and I saw the tightest pair of jeans you could have imagined, it looked as if she was sewn into them. She smiled and said, "What happened, forget your house key?" she giggled a little, such a cute giggle.

"Locked it in my car." I answered shortly, mainly because too much blood was rushing away from my head, but I forced myself not to get a hard-on. I could not afford to pop a woody with this girl standing here it would be too obvious.

"Well come in." she said and turned and walked inside. As she walked I got a view of her ass and all her curves. She had a perfect ass, like two soap bubbles that stuck together, and she had all the curves in all the right places (it sounds so stupid saying it like that but it was just so true). I had to force myself to look anywhere but at her, the picture hanging on the wall, the vacuum cleaner, anything. I decided to focus on undoing the laces on my boots, which got some blood flowing back to my head.

"Nice boots." She said obviously trying to make some light conversation.

"Thanks, they cost me two hundred dollars." Why did I say that? I always have to flaunt how much money I can spend on something like boots and other stuff around pretty girls.

"Wow, they must be really good boots then?"

"Best you can buy." They were really good boots.

"So you wear them when you ride your motorcycle?"

"Yea." She must have seen my bike in the garage.

She smiled that cute little smile and a voice in the back of my head thought, 'what a tight little mouth, just the kind of mouth born to suck cock...maybe my cock.' I shook my head violently to chase the thought away; luckily she had left the coat room and was in the kitchen so she didn't see me shaking my head free of any thoughts.

"I made some dinner, there's not much left but you can have it." I heard her calling from the kitchen.

"Sure." I called back.

'Yea,' I thought, 'a little food, some television, maybe a cold beer. I'll be good to go, and no more thoughts of doing her.'

I sat down in the livingroom on the comfy recliner and turned on the television. Then she came in with a plate of food for me and sat down on the couch.

I ate the food and watched the television, there was some boring animal rescue show on but she seemed to love it. I set my plate down and was about to get that beer of mine when she noticed I was moving to get up.

"Is everything okay?"

"Yea, just wanted a beer."

"I'll get it." She offered, 'hell why not, saves me the trip.'

"Okay, it's in my mini-fridge, in my room."

"Okay, I'll be right back."

As she left the room she touched my shoulder, sending shivers down my spine, I felt my cock twitch and grow. I focused hard and by the time she returned my dick had returned to normal.

"I'm Cait by the way." She said handing me my beer.

"Ulysses." I answered taking my beer and opening it, "So, you must be the babysitter my parents got for Beth."

"Yep." She answered sitting down.

"So why babysitting." I asked trying to make conversation.

"Well, I'm new in town, just going to college. I'm 18 and I don't have a car. So I needed a job. Just for some extra spending money. This seemed perfect."

As she fell in love again with the animal show I wondered how my parents (especially my mom) would let a babysitter in the house dressed like that. I looked around and noticed a professional looking button down shirt next to a little bag on the couch that she had taken refuge on. It was obvious; she wore the professional shirt to get in the house. Then once they were gone slipped into something less. I knew her type, didn't like to wear too much.

As I watched the TV and ate my food I noticed that she became more and more relaxed, spreading her legs just a bit and stretching her jeans a bit more.

I had finished my food and got up when she offered to take my plate for me.

"Sure." I replied and watched her leave. Shaking the dirty thoughts from my head again as I watched her as bounce its way into the kitchen. 'I'm not even an ass man' I thought to myself as I had to, yet again, regain control of myself.

She came back into the living room and sat on the couch again. 'I got to get out of here,' I thought to myself, 'I could easily overpower her and regret everything, besides I can't do anything with my sister's babysitter!'

Just then I noticed that she wasn't looking at the TV anymore, she was staring at me.

"You have pretty eyes." She said.

"Uh, thanks." I replied rather stupidly.

"So, you guys have a pool?" She asked.

"Yea, but I'm getting kind of tired..."

"Oh, but your parent's said I could go swimming after Beth was put to bed, but I'm too scared to go out there in the dark. Could you come swimming with me?" She gave me that pouty look that always made me stupid.

"Sure." I said before I knew what I was saying.

"Yippee!" she exclaimed, "I'll go get my suit on." And she grabbed the little bag and dashed into the bathroom to change.

'Great, how do I get myself mixed up in these things?' I said to myself a few minutes later as I pulled my swim trunks on.

I grabbed my towel and a spare for her and made my way out to the pool. I hit the switch and lit the pool up and unrolled the cover. I eased myself in, and swam a few lengths, then stood treading water, waiting for her.

She came out and was I ever in trouble. She was wearing a bikini that was barely covering her, her DD tits looked like they would pop out if she bounced just right, and her thong bottom looked like it was quickly disappearing in her beautiful folds.

She came to the water's edge and quickly got in, dousing her red hair, which she took out of the pony tails, and she too swam a couple of laps. Then she came right up to me.

"Thanks for swimming with me." She said in a breathy voice.

"No problem." I said trying to keep my cool.

"It's just so scary out here in the dark."

Just then an owl hooted and something broke a branch in the woods right beside my house, these things occur naturally and to someone like me isn't much of anything, but she let out a small scream and jumped on me.

Feeling her big tits pressed in against me, knowing that there was only a small patch of fabric between me and her gorgeous tits made my cock twitch and grow yet again.

She eased her grip around my neck and asked me what it was, I replied, "Just an owl, he's harmless."

She let go and I had to work hard to conceal my boner. Meanwhile she did some more laps and swam around, in an almost taunting manner.

Then she swam up to me in a seductive manner and said, "Having trouble with that?" glancing down.

I looked at her, her beautiful green eyes darted from my boner, which I had been unsuccessful in hiding very well, and back up to my eyes.

I managed a small "Uh" before she put her arms back around my neck.

"I like you." She said breathing her sweet breath on my face.

"Uh." Was all I managed to say.

She giggled that cute little giggle again and moved in to kiss me. She planted her soft, sweet lips on mine and I felt her tongue dance around in my mouth. 'Why did I have to chew and have that beer tonight?' I though to myself.

But she didn't seem to mind, she kissed my more and more passionately. Then, reluctantly, she broke the kiss and backed away, raising her arms up so that her tits were raised up out of the water. I could see her nipples, they were hard now from the water and the air, and they were straining against their patches of fabric, holding them in, it almost should have been illegal.

"I wonder...would you like to do something to me?" she asked.

Just then I managed to get a hold of myself, "Cait, you're my sister's babysitter. We can't do anything."

"Well why not?" she put her arms down and did that cute pouty look again.

"Well...because." It was all I could manage, what little will power I had regained was leaving fast. It was going to my cock, which was still growing bigger, straining against my trunks.

"Well...let's see, it's now 11:15, your parents won't be home till 2:00. We have plenty of time."

Before I could respond she reached out and grabbed my cock. That was it for me; I leaned in and kissed her reaching up to pull one of her tits free of its cloth prison. I pulled the bikini top aside and saw the most perfect boob. Her nipple was firm and erect and perfectly proportioned to the rest of her tit. I moved my kissing down her neck, nibbling a little as I went. Moving into her valley of tit meat, I kissed her cleavage, then made my way to her nipple. I sucked and nibbled on it which drove her to passionate moans. I then used my other hand to release her other tit. It came free, bouncing a little in the water. She then pulled her nipple out of my mouth, but only to bend over to take my swim trunks off. My cock sprang free, finally released. She gasped. True I wasn't overly large, but I was a full 8". It was obviously bigger than anything she'd ever seen, and I wasn't fully hard yet.

She continued to stroke my cock as my swim trunks floated innocently in the water nearby. I continued to suck and bite on her nipple with twice the ferocity. Soon she was moaning very loud and she twitched her legs, but never let go of my cock. Then she stopped stroking and shuddered all over and I knew she was having an orgasm, just from me biting and playing with her nipples.

"Oh," she breathed when her orgasm was done, "I never knew I could have an orgasm that way."

"Your first nipple-gasm?" I replied very satisfied that I did that to her. It was one of my specialties.

"Yea." She said still out of breath.

"Well, it's my turn now." I said and I hoisted myself onto the steps and positioned my cock perfectly with her breasts.

Without further instruction, and without taking her bikini top off, she wrapped her huge tits around my cock and began to stroke up and down. Her nipples protruding between her fingers, she worked my cock like a pro of titty fucking. Soon she craned her head down and started sucking my cock while still in between her tits, working her tongue over all the sensitive spots, still making sure to move her tits up and down.

Soon I could feel my balls filling with cum, and I knew that I couldn't come on her in the pool. I pulled my cock out of her mouth with a small pop, and removed it from in between her tits. I then moved out of the pool and she followed me. Then I turned to her and said, "Its kinda cold out here. Wanna head inside?" She nodded and we both grabbed our towels and I retrieved my trunks and headed into the house. 

Once in my room she got down on her knees and resumed her tit fucking and cock sucking routine. Soon my cock was gonna explode and I waited for the orgasm, trying to hold it off, trying to ride the storm as long as possible, but it wasn't possible for long. 

I came and when I came, I came hard. My cock exploded with cum, that first hit the back of her throat. She let my cock slip from her mouth and spat my first spurt on her tits, and she continued her titty fuck and let me cum on her tits and neck and chin.

When I was done, her tits were covered in cum, I watched it drip down her tit to cover her nipple as she took one finger and rubbed it over her nipple, rubbing it in.

"That was fun." She said looking up to me with her cum drenched face and tits, "but it's my turn again."

Then she left the room leaving the door open. She took her towel, wiped off my seed, and took off her bikini top, tossing it in the bathtub. Then she removed her bikini bottom. She came back to me in nothing.

"Lay on the bed." She commanded.

I obeyed, my cock was completely hard again, harder then before, knowing what was about to happen.

She climbed up and I got a perfect view of her perfect pussy, with the hair trimmed so it looked like a triangle pointing down. The red pussy hair drove me wild. Before I knew it, she had positioned herself right over my cock. She then lowered herself, slowly onto it and I could feel her heat, radiating from her pussy on my cock. Then she teased herself, rubbing my dick on the folds of her pussy, getting a little lower every time she swung her pussy back and forth, until she had run out of teasing room. Now it was time to enter her. She looked at me, waiting, those sexy green eyes of hers staring at mine. Then, involuntarily almost, I thrust up. My cock penetrated her inner folds and she squealed with pleasure. Her tits heaved with pleasure and I got the best look of her ever. The full-body look; from perfect red haired pussy complete with my cock inside it, to huge sexy tits. I fucked her hard, feeling her pussy juices cover my cock, feeling her innermost pussy. Fucking her hard, hearing her scream with pleasure of being impaled on my cock. I couldn't think anymore, I could only feel; feel her weight on me, feel her pussy gripping my cock (it was such a tiny pussy), feel her nipples as I played with them as she rode me.

Soon, too soon, I felt my cock ready to explode with cum. I was considering pulling out but she seemed to sense that and said, "Leave it in." in her now husky voice. So I did, I came, hard in her pussy, as she had her orgasm too. She came on my cock as I came inside her pussy. My orgasm felt like it lasted forever, and I wish it had. I could have died happy right then and there. Soon I could feel her pussy begin to unclench and she fell down on top of me, pressing her tits into me once more.

"That was amazing." She panted. Her sweat breath mingled with the smell of my cum was a perfect scent.

She then rolled over to lie next to me, taking my cock out of me but making sure to clean it off with her tongue before lying down.

A few minutes, or an hour, or longer, I couldn't be sure, passed with only our breathing. She then got up and went to the bathroom where she washed her mouth out with some mouth rinse. She then gathered up her clothes and started to put them on.

"Your parents will be here soon." She said.

"Yea." I said also putting on my boxers and a pair of pants.

Before she could button up the professional shirt I walked over to her and kissed her, nibbling once more on her nipples.

"Stop." She said half moan half command.

"How can I?" I asked.

"You'll just have to wait till next time."

"There will be a next time?"

"Of course, you don't think I'm gonna let a good fuck like you just go, do you?"

"I wasn't sure."

"Well, next time, I might have a little surprise for you." She said with a wink.

"A surprise?" I said raising an eyebrow.

"Well, see...I'm actually a twin." She said, obviously holding this information till the time was right and the time was right.

I knew she could see me fantasizing about two twin redheads with their lips around my cock.

"I thought you might be interested." She said with a look of smugness that ought to be fined.

I saw the headlights of the car pull up into the driveway and knew my parent's were home.

She saw the headlights too and caught my eyes one more time.

"You do have such pretty eyes." She said, and kissed me one last time before turning to leave.

She then grabbed a piece of paper and jotted something down on it, and handed it to me.

"My phone number." She said simply. "Call me when you can get me and my sister somewhere alone."

She winked at me, turned and I saw her sexy red hair sway as she left to go see my parents.

Soon after I heard my father's low voice saying something, I assumed she was getting paid and he would be taking her back to her school dorm. I saw the car lights again, pulling out of the driveway and knew she was gone.

I grabbed my phone, noting that my room still smelt of our sex, and punched her number in, then saved it.

As I lay back down I started to drift to sleep, being exhausted from the day's activities.

And as I lay there, I said one word before I fell asleep, "twins." And I thought, 'well I was wrong, I could die happy after my fun with the twin redheads.' And with the though of two redhead girls titty fucking and sucking my cock, the thoughts of two incredibly hot sisters sharing me and one another, I slept.