 For the first time in her 25 years on earth, Jenna was surprised by the girl looking back at her in the mirror. Staring back at her was actually not a girl but a woman. A woman she barely recognized. Jenna grinned.

She leant closer to the mirror and admired the subtle yet striking makeup her best friend Gia had applied. Her eyes looked huge and the red lipstick accentuated her lips' natural fullness. Gone was her usual tied back bun hairstyle as her long dark brown hair was blown dried into soft waves, falling way past her shoulders.

But the main transformation was her clothes. Her usual jeans and tshirt were replaced with the tiniest of mini dresses. This was not a dress for the meek. Her larger than average breasts almost spilled from the low cut sweetheart neckline and the dress was cut short to show off a vast expanse of slender thigh. She looked, dare she say it, sexy?

"Holy shit!" Her best friend and makeover expert exclaimed. "You look smoking hot!"

"I don't look like me," Jenna murmured, tugging at the hem of her dress, suddenly feeling self conscious.

"Exactly," Gia responded. "This is your chance to get out there, let your hair down and show boring old Pete what he's missing."

Jenna winced at the mention of her now ex-boyfriend who had unceremoniously dumped her the week before. The rejection had stung, but Jenna was through feeling sorry for herself. She nodded. Gia was right. She needed this.

"C'mon sweetie. Chin up, shoulders back, tits out. Show 'em what you're made of."

Jenna laughed, took Gia's outstretched hand and head out the door.

***************

The bar was busier than usual with christmas being on its way. The musical was loud and Jenna could feel the beat of the music throbbing through her body. She had just finished her third cocktail and was really beginning to feel less self conscious.

She left Gia and their other friends on the dance floor and made her way to the bar. She worked her way through the throng of people and managed to position herself at the bar.

"What can I get you beautiful?" the batman shouted to be heard over the music. Wow. Served immediately and with a compliment to boot! She was definitely wearing this dress again!

Jenna ordered another cocktail and reached for her purse when a deep voice stopped her in her tracks.

"Allow me."

She looked up to see the sexiest man she had ever seen handing over some money to pay for her drink. Her eyes lifted from his wide chest to take in his jet black hair, sensual mouth and dark eyes. Fuck, he was beautiful!

"Un, thank you," Jenna responded, flustered. Her dark stranger smiled at her and allowed his eyes to roam her body. His gaze lingered on her breasts, down to her legs before resting on her lips.

She felt his eyes on her body as if they were his hands. She knew she ought to be offended to be so blatantly objectified but her body thought otherwise. Her body heated up, her nipples hardened and an unmistakable throb began between her legs.

"I'm Luc," he offered as he took her hand. 

"Jenna," she murmured in response, distracted by how large his hand was as it dwarfed her own much smaller one.

"Jenna," he repeated, smiling as if he enjoyed the sound of her name on his lips. Jenna didn't respond, still very aware of his hand holding hers. She couldn't help but wonder what it would feel like to have these huge hands on her body, holding her breasts, squeezing her nipples before sliding further down her body. She squeezed her thighs to try and relieve the sudden ache there.

"So Jenna, what brings you here tonight?" Luc questioned, watching her intently.

"I'm just out with some friends," Jenna responded, gesturing vaguely to the dance floor.

"Female friends?" Luc probed, leaning closer. Jenna nodded in response, not trusting herself to speak. He seemed satisfied with that response and ran a single finger down her cheek. He was just inches away now. Jenna could feel her breathing quicken in anticipation.

She became suddenly aware of the height difference between them. He was easily over 6 feet tall, maybe even a full foot over her relatively petite 5 feet 4. His muscular physique was barely hidden by his shirt. Jenna licked her suddenly dry lips.

Luc groaned and closed the distance between them, his mouth covering hers. This wasn't a sweet and gentle first kiss - it was hot, hard and demanding. His tongue slipped between her lips as he explored her mouth and she allowed herself to do the same. The taste of whisky on his tongue was intoxicating. She rested her hands against his muscular chest and gave into the kiss.

She wanted him to touch her. Her clit was aching for attention and breasts felt tight and heavy. She pressed herself against him and he abruptly pulled away. His breathing was as heavy and erratic as hers.

"You need to tell your friends we're going," Luc told her decisively. 

Suddenly remembering her surroundings Jenna flushed. She looked around and although no one seemed to be paying them any attention, she was mortified about the display they had put on.

"I..." She started, before Luc cut her off with a finger against her lips.

"Jenna, this is going to happen. Stop fighting it. You want this as much as I do. I can feel it. So either we go back to my place and I spend the whole night making you cum again and again or I fuck you right here at the bar. Either way I need to be inside you."

His coarse words both shocked and excited her. She had never had a one night stand before. Maybe it was time to live a little, and bizarrely, she instinctively trusted her sexy stranger. She nodded and knocked back the rest of her drink. She found Gia and explained and her friends eyebrows shot up in surprise. 

"Go get him, tiger," she winked before telling her to be safe.

At last they made their way outside, Luc leading the way, holding her hand as they worked their way through the hundreds of partygoers. The cold night air had a sobering effect on Jenna and she bit her lip. Should she be doing this?

Luc seemed to sense her hesitancy, and pulled her toward him. As her body made contact with his, all negative thoughts flew out of her head. She wanted this man. She NEEDED him.

A car appeared as if from nowhere and Luc encouraged Jenna to get in. He had his own driver? Before she could ask any questions Luc's mouth was back on hers. He took his time exploring her mouth as his hands set upon their own journey of discovery. She felt a large hand at the top of her thigh, gently caressing the naked flesh. Her dress didn't provide much coverage and Luc took great advantage of that.

His hand was gentle and rhythmic, his fingers gently stroking as his lips moved south and he started to kiss her neck. Jenna moaned. It felt so good to just give in to the sensation. As Luc's clever fingers continued to explore, Jenna found herself parting her legs, allowing him access to part of her that needed his attention the most.

"Good girl," he murmured against her ear as his fingers moved further north. She moaned as they grazed across her black lacy underwear and wondered if he could feel how hot and wet he was making her.

He gently pulled the lace to one side and with one finger found her aching bud. Jenna whimpered. The need she had for him was becoming uncontrollable.

"You're so fucking wet, Jenna," Luc groaned against her ear. At the back of her mind Jenna was thankful for the partition between them and the driver. She let her head drop onto his shoulder as she gave into the sensations.

He began to rub her clit in a circular motion, before sliding one finger deep inside her.

"Oh my god," Jenna gasped breathlessly, as she adjusted to the feel of his long finger inside her. Luc responded by adding a second finger, flicking them inside her and his thumb continued to move over her clit.

"You're so tight baby," Luc told her as he continued to fuck her with his fingers. "I need to be inside you. I'm going to taste your pussy and then fuck you senseless."

Jenna was losing herself. Her body was throbbing all over and she felt her climax build. His fingers skillfully flicked inside her as she started to grind against his hand, needing that extra stimulation.

It happened suddenly. Jenna threw her head back and moaned loudly as her pussy tightened around Luc's fingers.

As she came back down to earth, Luc's eyes were on her flushed face, his hand still between her legs. 

"So fucking sexy," he murmured before sliding his hand from between her legs and dipping a finger in his mouth. 

"Delicious," he said, tasting her.

Jenna didn't know whether it was the alcohol or the effect this man had on her body but she didn't feel embarrassed. She didn't feel any regret for the way she had so wantonly let go around Luc's fingers. She felt sexy, and full of lust. She needed him to fuck her.

The car came to a sudden stop as they arrived at their destination. Luc all but dragged Jenna inside. She barely had time to acknowledge the luxurious surroundings as Luc pulled her into his bedroom.

He pulled her to him and turned her so he could unzip her dress. The dress dropped to the floor and she stood in front of him dressed only in her black lace underwear. Her large breasts were pushed up in her bra and her tiny gstring was still pulled to the side exposing her pussy to him.

"Fucking hell," Luc breathed, eyes roaming all over her. "Your tits are amazing"

Jenna flushed at his harsh words and obvious appreciation of her body, but she found she didn't feel shy. She felt sexy and desirable.

She took a step forward so breasts were almost pressed against him. He ran a finger of the lace and Jenna felt her nipples tighten in response. "Luc..." She moaned.

Hearing her moan his name seemed to startle him into action. He reached around her, unhooking her bra and allowing her breasts to spring free. Her naked flesh was soon covered by his large hands.

Her clit still sensitive from her earlier orgasm, started to throb again as his skilled fingers worked their magic. He kissed her neck and just played with a breast with one hand. The other hand was on her back just stroking gently.

He bent his head to run the flat of his tongue over one of her nipples and then circled it with his tongue. Jenna let her head drop back as he took one nipple in his mouth and sucked on it while his fingers were working her other breast. He seemed to know exactly what to do to make her whimper.

Jennas breathing became quicker and more erratic and she squeezed her legs together to try and ease the throbbing there.

Luc lifted his head and without taking his eyes off hers, slid his hand down her body and gently tugged down Jenna's underwear. She stepped out of them and stood there before him, completely naked and exposed. Still with his eyes on hers, he found her clit again with one finger and began to circle it slowly. Her legs started to shake and she gripped onto his shirt.

She was vaguely aware that while she was completely naked, Luc stood before her fully dressed. Rather than lead her to the bed Luc backed her up against the wardrobe door, kissing her intensely.

"Hold on to me baby, because there's no way I'm going to be able to stop."

Jenna's head fell back against the wardrobe as Luc continued his work on her clit. His hand shifted slightly and once again she felt his long fingers invade her pussy, while still rubbing her clit with his thumb. As he slid another finger in he told her how tight she was. She felt her muscles squeezing his fingers and her pleasure intensed.

He withdrew his fingers and dipped one into her mouth. Jenna tasted herself as she sucked on his fingers. Luc watched, his eyes dark with need.

"I want to suck you," Jenna surprised herself by saying as his fingers moved from her mouth and back to her nipples.

"Oh you will baby. Later. It's my turn to taste."

His mouth went back to her nipples, but he wasn't as gentle this time. Each touch was a bit rougher, as he tugged her nipple with his teeth before sucking hard. Jenna gasped. She wasn't sure how much more of this delicious torture she could handle.

Luc dropped suddenly to his knees in front of her. He cupped her pussy in his hand, looked up at her and said "mine." 

Jenna nodded, surprised by his possessiveness.

"Say it, Jenna."

As she said "I'm yours" he lifted one leg and hooked it over his shoulder. He mouth was on her and she almost screamed from the pleasure of it. She leant back against the wall and gripped his hair.

The time for slow and gentle had passed. Luc swirled his tongue over her clit before sucking it straight into his mouth.

Jenna started to shake and moaned his name. Luc glanced up and murmured the word "go" against her clit. Jenna's fingers gripped his hair and let go, her hands on the back of his head, just keeping him there. Luc continued to lick and suck her pussy as her orgasm went on and on.

When the sensations finally passed, Luc placed a kiss on her pussy and stood back up. He kissed her, sliding his tongue in her mouth, letting her taste herself on him.

"Lie down on the bed baby," Luc instructed. Jenna did as she was told, her legs still shaking. He watched Luc finally undress himself, her heart pounding as she saw his muscular body unveiled. How could she still feel so needy for him after such intense orgasms?

As he pulled down his boxers his magnificent cock was freed. Jenna licked her lips. She needed this.

Luc leant over and put his hands on her hips, pulling her to the edge of the bed. Jenna reached for him but he stopped her.

"I need you to hold your hands above your head."

Jenna obeyed, knowing her breasts were lifted high for his gaze. Luc growled.

"Later, you can touch me. I'm going to need you to suck my cock, to use your hands. But right now I need to fuck your tight little pussy. I need to pump my cum so deep inside you, you forget every other man who has ever touched this perfect body."

Jenna didn't respond verbally, but instead spread her legs wide for him.

That was Luc's undoing. Still standing at the foot of the bed, he grabbed his cock and tapped it against her clit. Then at long last she felt his thick cock pressing at her entrance and suddenly she was full.

"Fuck!" She exclaimed as she got used to the feel of him inside her. Stretching her. He withdrew his cock almost to the tip and slammed it back into her. His fingers were digging into her hips and he pulled her onto his cock with every thrust.

There was nothing Jenna could do but take it. It felt amazing. Her arms still above her head she could feel her breasts bouncing with every thrust.

"So. Fucking. Tight!" Luc managed to groan between each thrust. Suddenly he withdrew his cock completely. Before Jenna could have chance to complain she felt him turning her over.

Jenna instinctively got on her hands and knees and offered her pussy to him. Climbing behind her Luc took what was offered. He slammed his cock into her with a lustful grunt, reaching round to grab her breasts.

Jenna felt the pressure building. Her earlier orgasms had been amazing but the intensity of the sensations building inside her were mind blowing.

"I need you to cum on my cock, Jenna. Don't you dare hold back."

There was no chance of that. Luc's relentless deep thrusts had her moaning his name over and over until suddenly she felt herself right on the brink.

"Luc..." She groaned.

"Now!" He shouted.

With a forceful thrust she felt him spill his seed inside her and her orgasms took her to another world. She was tensing around him, milking his cock as he stayed pressed balls deep inside her.

Running his hand over her naked back he withdrew his cock watched his cum trickle down her thighs. He couldn't remember the last time he had cum so hard.

He rolled her onto her back and kissed her.

"That. Was. Amazing." Jenna whispered, trying to catch her breath.

Luc grinned.

"Oh baby, you ain't seen nothing yet."

End of part one.