 "I don't suppose I should ask how you found me" she said with a wry smile and that sassy American drawl. 

"Tuscany is not that large a region, particularly when you are seeking a gorgeous redheaded American," Daniel smiled. "I simply followed the trail of stunned teenage boys."

"Drink?' She asked, opening the door to allow him in to the villa, the warm Tuscan sun streaming in behind him.

"Parched," he said, drinking in her sensual frame as she sauntered to the simple wooden table. It was a sparse apartment, simple in the Italian way. Just perfect, he thought, knowing her appreciation for the elegance of the minimal and rustic.

"It has been too long," he chuckled, almost to himself.

She was dressed in a flowing sundress, which accentuated her feminine curves and lines. There was something in her essence which spoke directly to him, her slightest move a seemingly erotic dance meant only for his eyes. It had been like that from the first moment they had met, all those years ago, in a coffee house in Mumbai. She was stilll breath taking.

"Have you been hiding?" He asked, with slight cock of his eyebrow.

"No, just having an adventure," she mused, handing him a glass of the local red wine.

"Any you care to share?" He asked, taking a healthy quaff from his glass. If Daniel was in love with anything, it was Italy. Great wine, simple yet delicious food, a backdrop of ruins and hills to rival any movie set, and all of it taken at the pace of life. And of course the women were something to behold.

"There have been a few young men, and even one young woman," Julianne replied with a conspiratorial grin. "She tasted like peaches. You would have loved her Daniel, so shy yet so curious. I think her boyfriend had never managed to give her an orgasm. She writhed beautifully, crying to God as I lapped at her sweet pussy. And when she came, she was so overcome that she welled up with tears of joy."

Daniel laughed warmly at Julianne's animated tale. "I had not realized women were your taste Julianne."

She just smiled in a delightfully cheeky way, crossing the room to stand dangerously close to Daniel, her full lips just centimeters from his. He could feel her warm, wine scented breath as she whispered "When in Rome", and the electricity between them seemed to crack and spark It lasted only a moment, as Daniel broke the tension, leaning in to kiss her with an urgency that spoke of old love and a new, insatiable need.

Their bodies crashed into each other. As if the were reacquainting themselves with each other, finding that last, lost comfort. His hands ran down her back, caressing her and pulling her into him. They reached her firm ass and ran hungrily over her inviting curves, teasing and playing as they went. His manhood grew like a unspoken truth between them, hard and demanding attention. Julianne's every movement against his body seemed to inflame the ache that lurked there. He kissed down her fine neck to the top of her stunning breasts, like a starving man, savoring every taste.

Julianne broke away, letting the lose dress fall, revealing her majestic frame to him. Daniel's lust just grew to a boiling hunger rising from within his soul, its need boundless. Without a word she knelt before him, undoing his belt with practiced ease. She did not waste a moment, grabbing his slacks, and underwear at once, leaving them tangled at his ankles as she knelt. A shiver ran through her as her knees touched the cool Tuscan tiles and Daniel's manhood swayed, veined and inflamed before her eyes.

'Fuck,' was all that he managed to grunt, as her hand enveloped his sack, massaging and tugging it's heavy load. She plunged on to his exposed cock with her hot wet mouth, the sounds of sucking and licking filling the quiet room as her expert tongue traced his secret desire. Daniel's hand dropped to her tangled red locks as she forced herself hard down on him, and he nearly swooned as he felt his velvet head slip tightly into the back of her throat. Even on her knees, she had such a power over him, and he loved it.

His left hand sought out her full breast, and mercilessly, massaging its softness with a needy roughness, his fingers finding her hard nipple and pinching its sensitive shape. His right hand was still buried in her flowing locks and she felt his grip tighten as she drove his desire to new heights with every deep stroke of her hot wet mouth. Her soulful eyes continually sought his, intensifying the moment as she devoured his hard need. She was desire personified and formed into woman, and Daniel was consumed by her.

Julianne's knowledge of Daniel was intimate, and she knew from his moans and motions, that he was nearing the edge. She loved how powerful she felt, able to guide this man to the cliff top of passion through her kissing, sucking, scratching and fucking. She let him rock against her, driving his cock deep into her mouth. His muscled legs were taut and she could feel his sack tighten under her ministrations. With her other hand on his hip to hold back the driving passion that had taken hold of him, she simply sucked his cock with abandon, the vibrations of her moans only adding to the insane intensity for him.

Her pussy was dripping. The ache in her crotch completely swept away the ache in her knees from the hard tiled floor. Her hand snaked down and she pressed her whole palm against her mons, moaning in intense pleasure as she ground against it. Daniel was close, and watching Julianne's ministrations and pleasure, he could take no more. Selfish need was all that drove him as he drove into her tight mouth. Her eyes possessed him, he could not look away as he fell into the abyss, his hips pushing forward involuntarily till he was buried to the hilt. Julianne just held him there, feeling his entire body tense and explode in delicious waves via his cock. Julianne took it all, kneeling before this man, her entire body alive with desire.

She stood slowly and with a single finger she daintily wiped the side of her mouth, then sauntered to the wooden table in the center of the room. Bending from the waist, her long svelte legs leading all the way to her hairless pussy and puckered rosebud. She leaned on her forearms, placing her palms downwards on the surface, feeling the wooden surface worn smooth from years of use. Standing so beautifully exposed, she simply looked back over her shoulder at him with those eyes of dark liquid that Daniel found hard to resist.

Daniel's heart hammered in his chest as he drank in the sight of her. There was a subtle submission about her, something he found incredibly arousing. It stirred feelings deep in his core and ignited such animal desire in him. He strode across the room, grabbed her hips and licked in one glorious stroke from her pussy to her puckered hole. He felt her shiver with desire as his tongue began lapping at her essence, which by this stage was a river of passion.

His cock was at full attention, not ready to rest in spite of already loosing a load down her throat only moments earlier. He buried his cock deep in her womanhood, with no pomp or ceremony. It was total animal desire. He pounded into her, one hand on her hip driving her back onto him, the other in her long hair, pulling her head back, watching as her gorgeous form arched to accommodate the demand. She was his, and he felt incredible. Her tight cunt was a velvet oven for his thrusting cock. Her moans, his grunts and the slap of his hips against her ass spilled out of the room into the Tuscan afternoon.

Julianne, totally lost to the moment, caught a movement out of the corner of her eye, half closed with lust. A teenage boy, the son of the villa owner, stood in the shadows of the patio, partly hidden by the vines that had over taken the area. His eyes were wide and his hand was inside his pants, rubbing his cock. Julianne didn't mind. In fact she felt so free, so exposed, her pussy being mercilessly possessed by Daniel, her body arched, giving the boy an excellent view of her breasts as they swayed with each delicious thrust from behind. She licked her lips, moaning even louder, just for his pleasure. The boy didn't last long, she watched through the haze of her desire, as his whole body tensed and his hand movements became erratic, before ceasing all together. He blushed, and withdrew silently.

Julianne was in heaven, her body was one with Daniel's as they rode hard against each other. She lay down on the table, her nipples pressed hard against the smooth wooden surface, adding a delicious friction with ever thrust. Her moans became wilder, losing coherence as her body took control, rising to fever pitch. She could not tell who came first, she was so swept up in her pleasure. Her pussy just exploded into its own dance of pleasure, and Daniel's hot seed was there to join it, his hips hard against her ass, as he held deep in her, becoming one with her joy.

After a few long moments, Daniel slumped against her, no longer hard enough to be held by her passion. He kissed the back of her neck and lean in to whisper in her ear.

"Great to see you again Julianne."