 He stood at the window, looking down at the street from his hotel room, eight floors up. He saw the rain splashing in the puddles below. Above him, the sky was gray and slowly getting darker. The wind picked up. He glanced at his watch and noticed that she was 15 minutes late. Damn! He only had an hour and fifteen minutes left for lunch. Where could she be? She wasn't normally this late. The weather continued getting worse. He checked his watch again. 12:20...twenty minutes late. 

Just as he reached for his cell, there was a knock on his door. He dropped his phone and rushed to open it. It was her. She was wet and shivering just a little. He grabbed her hand and pulled her to him, thankful she was okay. She hugged him back then pulled away. She'd gotten his shirt and the front of his pants wet. She laughed and went into the bathroom to retrieve a couple towels. She handed one to him and used the other to absorb some of the rain dripping from her hair. It had gotten longer since the last time he saw her. 

It had been over a year since he held this woman in his arms. The last time was at a hotel much like this one, only then she was wearing much less than she was now. Then, it was only a scarf to cover her eyes. Tonight he saw a trench coat and heels higher than he'd seen her wear before. He looked at her and reached for the belt holding the coat closed. She smiled at him and pushed him toward the bed. He had no choice but to sit as his knees made contact with the mattress. He growled lightly at her. She knew he liked to be in control. She smiled at him and shook her head. She stepped away from him and turned her back. She undid the sash of the coat and pulled it off her shoulders. She shrugged it off and let the coat fall to the floor. He followed the line of her body back up and could see why she was shivering. All she was wearing under that coat was a black lace nightie and matching panties. 

She turned to him and extended her hand. Taking it, he was pulled to his feet. She reached down to unbuckle his belt. She pulled it free and tossed it on the floor. Next, she unbuttoned his slacks and eased the zipper down. She pushed his pants down over his hips. He stepped out of them removing his shoes and socks at the same time. She knelt in front of him, fondling his erection through his shorts. Her fingers found their way beneath the waistband and began to pull down. Her fingers were cold against his skin. They hadn't warmed yet from her time in the rain. His rock hard cock sprang free. She pulled his shorts down and he stepped out of these as well. She reached for and gently stroked his cock. He hissed as she touched his heated flesh. He growled deep in his throat letting her know that he wanted more. She smiled at him as she opened her mouth to him, "yes, sir."

Her lips wrapped tightly around his cock. His hand went to the back of her head to hold her there. Her tongue pressed firmly against the bottom of his member. Her mouth was warm and wet and felt exquisite! He'd waited for this for months. As she loved on his cock, all the stress of life and work began to melt away. He felt one of her hands on the base of his rod, the other beginning to massage his balls. Her head bobbed up and down, her mouth tight on his cock. She took him deep and his head touched the back of her throat. His head fell back as electricity raced through his veins. She removed her mouth, spit on him and gave him a few quick strokes.

"Did I tell you that you could...?" 

"No, sir," she responded before he could finish the question. Her mouth was back on him in an instant. She knew his wants and desires so well. After all this time, she was the one who knew how to please him best. He felt the pressure building. Oh! She was so good. He reached down and touched her breasts, tweaking a nipple. She groaned against his cock. He grabbed the nightie and yanked it over her head and tossed it to the floor. He grabbed her hair and pulled her head back as she sucked on his cock. His hand twisted in her hair, reminding her just who was in charge. She smiled around his cock, almost gagging herself. She pulled her mouth off his cock, sucking in great gasps of air. He pulled her hair harder, displeased that she'd stopped. She grinned up at him wickedly and moved closer to him. His eyes closed in anticipation, but instead of her mouth on his cock, he felt one of his balls gently being sucked into her mouth.

"Damn it, woman!" he growled out. She rolled his testicle around on her tongue and his admonishment died on his lips. She just felt too damn good to scold at the moment. With one hand in her hair, the other fondling and pinching her breasts, and his balls in her mouth, he was in heaven. She moved her attention to his other testicle. Into her warm, wet mouth it went. Mmmmm, wonderful! Damn, if she keeps this up, he's going to cum at lot sooner than he wanted to. 

He pulled her hair so that she was forced to let go of his balls. She began to pout, but then saw the fire burning in his eyes. 

"Get up and get those panties off, NOW!" he told her.

She slowly stood and took a step back. She propped her foot on the bed to undo the buckle holding her stiletto on her foot.

"Leave the shoes..." he whispered roughly. Damn, she looked good in those shoes!

She straightened and her gaze met his. She hooked her fingers into the black lacy panties and wiggled them down over her round ass. He looked down and sighed with wanting... she shaved just for him and he saw that she's wet and ready for him. His pulse quickened at the thought of sinking his fat cock into her sopping wet pussy. He knew how she was going to feel around his cock, squeezing him tight as he pounded her flesh. He crooked his finger at her. She went closer and he bent down to take her nipple in his mouth. She gasped at the feeling of his tongue circling her hard bud. He pulled away and she moaned in disappointment.

"Bend over the bed," he gruffly told her.

She moved past him and bent over the bed, her ass in the air. He gave it a smack and she yelped! He reached for his pants on the floor and pulled out a little foil package and his phone. He tossed the phone on the bed near her and then ripped open the condom. He stared at her lovely ass as he rolled it on. He knew this was going to be good! He smacked her ass again with his hand, then a time or two with his hard cock. He rubbed it up and down her slit, using her juices to get himself ready. She wiggled her ass and whimpered. He knew she wanted him! Slowly, he slid his cock down to her waiting pussy. She felt it and tried to move closer to him. He smacked her ass sharply to remind her who was in charge. Closer and closer he got to her dripping hole. He stopped, just before entering her, to take a breath. He closed his eyes and plunged deep into her waiting pussy! 

YES! It has been so long since he'd buried himself in her amazing sheath! Too damn long! He slid his cock deep in her pussy. She felt so good. He held there for a moment before slowly sliding out and slamming back into her. In and out. In and out. 

A few more thrusts and then he reached for his phone. He brought up the camera and documented his hard cock disappearing into her deliciously wet pussy! Mmmmm, the thought of carrying pictures of his woman everywhere he went made his heart pound. He got a shot of his cock with just the head inside her. He took a picture of her luscious ass. He pounded her hard from behind as she gripped the cover of the hotel bed. Finally, he dropped his phone and grabbed her hips, slamming his cock into her. He heard her moan his name and it turned him on more. 

He abruptly pulled out and told her to turn over. She quickly did and spread her knees for him. He raised one of her legs, placing her foot on your shoulder. He took his cock in his hand and guided it back to her waiting pussy! Shit! He needed to remember to have her more often! She felt so good! He gripped her thigh as he slid in and out of her pussy. He picked up his phone again and took a few more pictures of his cock in her pussy. What a sight! 

He dropped the camera and placed her other foot on his shoulder. He leaned over the bed, using his hands and arms to hold himself up. Deeper and deeper he drove himself into her. He felt her hands on his arms, on his back, her nails leaving red lines on his skin. He felt it building. The heat. The tightness in his gut. He pounded her harder, deeper. She gasped his name and her pussy tightened around his cock. He knew she was going to cum for him. He thrust harder, knowing that in this moment, this woman was his! What she felt was because of him. It gave him a sense of power and awe. Her pussy tightened and she screamed his name as she came! He thrust a few more times and pulled out of her, ripping off the condom. She got up quickly and dropped onto her knees in front of him, her mouth open. He furiously stroked his cock as the feeling built. Then, it happened! He erupted straight into her mouth. 

She opened wide as he unloaded his cum into her mouth. He saw it filling up and dripping down her chin and onto her breasts. Oh, what heaven! His woman is on her knees for him, taking his cum. She opened her mouth so he could see what he'd fed her and then she swallowed. Gently, she took his cock into her mouth and licked him clean. She reached down and used her fingers to scoop up the cum that dropped onto her breasts. She looked at him and devilishly licked her fingers clean. 

He dropped to the bed, spent. She lay next to him, her head on his shoulder, sighing in contentment. He glanced at the clock and saw that he only had 20 minutes left until he had to be back at work. He looked at her and her cum covered breasts and knew that a shower was more important. He also knew that showering with her was never less than time consuming. He batted the idea around in his head for a moment or two. He reached for his phone. Work was just going to have to wait!