 It was a bright sunny April day, humid and even warmer than normal, and I was walking across a parking lot to get to the library across campus when out of nowhere the skies opened up and rain began pouring down. Big drops plopping down as a small gray cloud was overhead nowhere near the sun and I was on the verge of getting soaked. 

As luck would have it I spied my buddy's car that I has spent so many hours helping him repair, a behemoth '88 Buick station wagon parked just yards away. It truly was good fortune because I knew the locks on the rear doors didn't work so I ran to refuge from the cloudburst. 

Just as I slid onto the bench seat I was instantly pushed farther over to the middle on the seat and heard the door close. It took a second or two for me to activate and look to my right and see a woman next to me. When I saw the woman I understood how I had been moved so easily.

I didn't exactly know Janice though we had met once or twice because we have some mutual friends. She's a senior, a pleasant looking brunette and a big girl, like 5-11 tall and 235 pounds. I seem to remember her being a rugby player because I thought she must be pretty damn good at it at her size. 

As the rain pounded on the roof of the Buick I was getting my wits about me when Janice spoke, "I apologize for being inconsiderate but this rain caught me out and I was desperate for shelter and there you were, Marcus, right?"

I believe I replied, "Yes that's me. No harm no foul, we'll call it my good deed for the day."

"Just lucky your car was here." she said

"It's actually a friend's car but I don't think he'll object to providing some necessary coverage from the rain." I replied

OK, I thought, this shower shouldn't last long. It was then I took a look at Janice and realized she might have been late being saved. Because what I couldn't help noticing is that Janice has, to be polite, big honking jugs and she was wearing a white Old Style beer t-shirt without the benefit of a bra. So sitting next to me was the winner of just about any championship round of a wet T-shirt contest. That shirt was clinging to her awesome breasts like a wet white second skin and her wide brown nipples were highlighting how tremendously long and fat they are. 

I turned my gaze upward slightly to Janice's face and she was smiling, appreciating my stare I hoped. Because at this point I should interject that I'm a sophomore and while I consider myself dashingly handsome most others think I'm just so cute and all of 5-6 tall and weigh 145 pounds. 

Before I could think of something witty to say to Janice she put her left arm around my shoulder and leaned her head down towards mine. I was scared for an instant then as her lips came close to mine I realized I should relax and go for it. So I eased my face towards Janice's allowing us to kiss while turning my body slightly and moving my left hand towards her chest to take whichever of her fat jugs I got to in my hand. 

As we kissed and I had my hand on the biggest tit I had ever held Janice moaned her approval and opened her mouth to go for the tongue. I was quick to follow and we were on as the rain pelted the roof of the wagon. After a minute or so I felt Janice slide down against the seat back, her arm around my shoulder pushed me forward as she went down. I didn't fall off the seat but our lips stayed connected and my hand inadvertently shifted from one fat tit to the other. That being no problem for either of us. 

The back of Janice's shirt being as wet as the front allowed her to easily keep sliding until she was on her back and with our lips still locked in a deep French kiss I ended up lying on top of her. I don't think I lost contact with her tits for more than a second either. But when we stopped moving Janice laughed and as we both sort of came up for air she said, "Are you comfortable there Marcus?"

I kissed her nose playfully and replied, "Yeah I'm situated pretty good here Janice."

She then ground her fat jugs against my chest and reached around with her left hand and grabbed as much of my ass as it would grab and said, "Yes you are Marcus, I do like you right where you are." 

At about that time I noticed that the rain had stopped but didn't bother to mention it. I have to say even though I've never been into really big girls, and Janice is more than twice as big as the pint sized girls I usually date, I was good to continue right where I was.

And apparently Janice was of a similar mind because as she still had her hand on my ass, and maybe because I had both hands on her fat jugs, she said, "Well Marcus I would like to get more than I'm getting now, are you up for that?" 

Damn right I was, "Well my dorm is way across campus but we can hurry."

She then kissed me on the nose and said, "My apartment is only about a block and half from here so that's quicker."

"Of course quicker would be better, your apartment it is." I responded then we shifted awkwardly so we were both sitting up again. 

I actually thought of the walk over to Janice's apartment and remembered there were some towels in the back of the wagon. So I reached back to get one and draped it over Janice's shoulders and in front to cover her still wet shirt and obviously bountiful boobs. "Damn you are one thoughtfully sweet AND sexy morsel Marcus, it has been my lucky day finding you."

"I think luck is going my way too Janice." I replied. In our exchange I had ended up next to the door which I opened and held for Janice and we were off on a mad dash to her apartment. 

We got straight to the bedroom, a king bed, not the twin bed I've grown so accustomed to in the dorm. We were both out of our clothes in a flash and damn I saw I was going to have my hands full. Janice and our 90 pound weight differential appeared even bigger than I thought and I had to hope I could handle that much woman. 

Janice must have had confidence in me easing my stunned self onto the bed on my back and crawling up between my legs. Our difference in size was reinforced when Janice, on her knees, draped my legs over her shoulders and went down on me. 

Oh boy Janice knows her stuff, I was rock hard and it didn't take her long to take every bit of my seven inches deep in her mouth. It was a unique sight watching her head bob up and down and she sucked me off, my feet dangling behind her head over her back. Janice seemed to be enjoying herself as well, tickling my balls at times and rubbing my thighs. 

I wasn't sure how long I could hold out because this was sweet but Janice had a big move. She let my dick slip from her mouth, reached her arms around my thighs and said, "Lock arms with me Marcus." 

So I reached forward to grab her forearms as she did mine then Janice took my cock back into her mouth and pulled me by the arms. With my legs still on her shoulders and all seven inches of my dick in her mouth I was lifted completely off the bed. It was the most incredible feeling I have ever experienced, adrenaline shot through every inch of my body and I came with a river of cum that Janice swallowed like a thirsty champ. 

Janice released my cock then kissed, licked and sucked my balls for a minute or so, could have been an hour my head was spinning, before setting me back down on the bed. She was smiling and all I could manage to say was, "That was so awesome, you are so awesome."

She laughed and said, "Why thank you, it was something I just thought up but I liked it too. Now that we've gotten started are you game to keep going."

I excitedly replied, "You know it Janice."

With that Janice peeled my legs off of her shoulders and crawled up between my legs until her hands were past my head and her tits were hanging down right over my face. I have to admit I was dumbfounded, excited, intimidated and almost hyperventilating but with greatness staring me in the face I managed to reach up and guide one fat tit to my wide open mouth. I got as much of Janice's right tit in my mouth as I could fit and suckled like a newborn puppy as I cradled the left against my cheek. 

Oh God it was the most incredible thing to have so much tit flesh to play with. I paid homage to the right tit for quite a while then shifted to the left and caressed the right next to my face. As I sucked on the left I was trying to think of how else I could enjoy this magnificent pair of jugs I was so fortunate to have hanging in my face. I held them together and licked up the cleavage that went on forever then went back and forth quickly sucking one wide brown nipple then the other as I squeezed the fat flesh together. It was incredible.

I was in a daze when Janice asked, "Ever enjoyed a good tit slap Marcus?" 

"No I have not." I replied breathlessly, her question barely registering with me.

So Janice rose up slightly and shifted to her right then swung her pendulous breasts to the left. They smacked against the left side of my face turning my head slightly then before I could think she reversed and they hit my right cheek. Back and forth Janice must have slapped my face twenty five times with her massive fun bags and each one was exhilarating.

When Janice stopped she looked down at me, "I hope I didn't go too far Marcus, your face is red.

My cheeks were hot but my dick was hard so what's to complain about. "It stings a little but your tits came through just fine, they still look fabulous."

"Why thank you, I'm glad you had fun, I love that too." Then shaking her tits over my face she added, "These babies are all kinds of fun."

"Damn straight" I said. 

That's when Janice eased up and slid back sitting down on my stomach. If I needed to be reminded how completely dwarfed I was by Janice this was the latest reminder. Then she said, "OK Marcus you've been enjoying yourself but now it's time to show me some love. I hope you're ready and able to make a girl happy."

I had already given Janice's neatly trimmed bush a good look but already feeling her weight on top of me I was quite nervous about the next step. But that notwithstanding I wanted to go down on her so I said, "I'm not going anywhere Janice so let me at it."

With that Janice eased forward until her knees were next to my ears and her pussy met my chin and she sat down lightly, if that was possible, on my chest and I got going at her snatch. I quickly darted my tongue into her slit and licked my way to her clit. 

I think it was fortunate that Janice leaned forward to meet my tongue rather than sit back on my chest because when she came she kind of bounced above me. Had she been sitting on my chest I might have been in trouble. 

But there was no trouble from where I was I got to licking and probing with my tongue. When I kissed the insides of Janice's meaty thighs she pinched my head between them and it was like an eclipse of the sun as I was plunged into darkness. So I stuck to the sweet slit and it was the place to get busy. 

I was able to get my arms around Janice's hips and squeeze her big butt with both hands as I continued to lap away at her pussy. Like I said I've never been with a girl anywhere near as big as Janice but damn it was something special to grab that much ass. And it must have been to Janice's liking because she came for a second? Time I think. 

At least that's when Janice slid back sitting on my chest. Even though my face was really sweating and I was short of breath I could have continued munching her muff but she had other ideas. Janice climbed off of me and the bed got to the nightstand and took a condom out of the drawer. Her big soft body bouncing she returned to the bed, with me still on my back catching my breath, she took my already stiff cock in her hand and jacked me off for a few seconds before rolling the condom on me.

She then plopped down on the bed at my feet, her legs spread on either side of me and said, "OK big boy it's time to stick to the big girl. You have got me so hot Marcus I need you to give it to me hard and deep. Come on stud muffin fuck my brains out."

It took a half a second for me to scramble up and be on my knees between Janice's thick legs and have my dick aimed at her pussy that I had so enjoyed getting hot and wet. I eased the head between her puffy lips and having heard her desires loud and clear pushed in and got right to banging Janice's snatch for all I was worth. 

As I got going Janice raised her knees up so I was held in place then she rolled her hips from side to side. I put my arms around her thighs to not fall out of the saddle so to speak as she was basically taking me along for the ride as I continued to fuck her. It was wild to be tossed around but everything that happened today was part of a wild ride. 

I had never fucked a woman this hard, I felt like a human jackhammer pounding my dick into Janice's pussy. My body slamming into her, my balls slapping against her ass, all the sensations hitting me at the same time was mind blowing. One thought that did cross my mind was that I was proud of myself for being able to keep up with as much woman as Janice and she seemed to be getting off on it all as much as I was. 

Finally I couldn't old back any longer so I pushed all seven inches into Janice and paused. She must have sensed that I was ready to cum and she swung her legs around my body and squeezed me in a scissors. That was the final push I needed and I came like a cannon. After I was done Janice kept me locked between her thick legs for a while. The when she released me I just fell forward on top of her. 

I rested my head on her breasts as she hugged me with one arm and squeezed my ass with her other hand saying, "Damn Marcus you get the job done. I got to thank you, I haven't got fucked like that in I don't know how long."

My face buried in Janice's huge tits my muffled reply was "You're the best Janice I love every bit of you." 

Janice rubbed my back lovingly and gave my ass a squeeze saying, "I want to hang onto you Marcus, you could be a habit I don't want to break."