 My name is Rain Calloway, I'm 19 years old. I stand 5'5, with long curly blonde hair. My eyes are emerald green and I look pretty good in my cheerleading uniform. I've always had my pick of the boys at school and the jealous envy of all the bitches. It's not my fault that I was blessed with perfect genes. 

But anyway .........

James, my best friend and I went to a frat party last night at his college. I never believed they got THAT wild, ya know I've seen frat parties on T.V. but nothing like this one. 

When James and I arrived, the party was already in full swing. The music was extremely loud, the girls were extremely drunk and the men were extremely obnoxious, as usual. James excused himself to go talk to this skank that I completely despise named Julie. So I walked over to the pool table, which was being used as a make-shift bar.

There was every kind of booze you could imagine. Red liquor and blue liquor, gold and black liquor. I had no idea what to try first when suddenly a strange voice spoke up from behind me.

"I recommend the pink bottle in the back, it's a special blend that I made myself," said the voice.

I turned around to find the hottest looking guy I had ever seen in my life. He was tall with blonde hair and green eyes too. He had on no shirt and the tightest jeans. I swear they must have been poured onto his legs. 

"And what is so special about the pink stuff? It looks like pepto bismol," I said, in a smartass tone.

He laughed and said, "That is no pepto bismol, I guarantee you."

He walked around to the other side of the pool table and proceeded to fix me a drink. I started to feel butterflies in my stomach, unsure if it was nervousness or what. I scanned the room for James, who had already disappeared with Mrs. Skank. 

"Are you waiting on someone?" asked the stranger. 

"No, actually I was looking for someone but he seems to have bailed on me," I answered.

"That's too bad, a hot chic like you, you would never leave my side, by the way, my name's Mike," he said, handing me the pink drink.

I smiled and took a sip of the "special blend."

"Nice to meet you, Mike, my name's Rain."

He walked back around the table and stood next to me, watching my every move. 

"Do you go to school here, Rain?" he asked.

"No, my friend, James, does."

"I see," he answered, "And is James just a friend or am I going to have to get into a fight later on for talking to you?"

"No no, he's just a friend, my best friend," I answered with a slight giggle.

The mysterious pink drink was delicious, very smooth and sweet with a bit of a bite to it once it made it past my throat. 

As the night wore on, Mike and I got more and more acquainted. He told me about his classes and his ex girlfriend that would not go away and I told him about my classes and about all the bullshit I had to endure from the girls at my school. 

The crowd began to thin out and soon it was just me and Mike and another couple in the corner fucking like wild dogs. 

"Do you want to go somewhere a little more private?" he asked.

I don't know if it was the drink talking or just my blatant attraction to him but I told him yes, with no hesitation.

He took my hand and led me up a dark, winding staircase. Finally, up at the top, we came to a long darkened hallway. Doors to the left and doors to the right. 

"Come on, Rain, my room's down here on the left," he said, guiding me thru the darkness.

As we walked past the doors, I could hear people talking in the rooms, music playing and the erotic sounds of sex happening, no doubt the product of the all night beer binge.

Finally, we came to Mike's room. I smiled when I saw a sign hanging on his door that read, "Fuck me or fuck off."

When we got into the room, Mike closed and locked the door.

"Don't worry, I just locked the door because the assholes that live in this dorm have the manners of barn animals," he explained, as we took a seat on the edge of his bed. 

I looked around the dimly lit room, scanning the pictures of sports figures and naked women, the broken lava lamp in the corner and the undeniable calling card of a man's room; dirty clothes littering the floor.

"Sorry for the mess," he said.

"Don't worry about it, Mike, James' room is twice this bad," I said.

"I don't want to talk about James," he said, as he leaned in and kissed my lips softly.

As our kiss became more and more intense, I felt his large hand slide up my leg, quickly making its way to my thigh. 

I reached down and placed my hand on his, breaking the kiss, "Slow down, Mike, we just met."

Just then, his phone rang. He excused himself and took the call. After a few "yeah's" and "okays", he hung up.

"Sorry for the interruption," he said as he took his seat again.

"I'm sorry to be such a prude, Mike, but I'm not the kind of girl that fucks on the first date."

Mike sort of laughed at me, then someone knocked on the door. 

"Shit, now what??" he said, getting up to see who it was.

I couldn't see anyone, but I heard him talking to another guy. 

Just then, Mike opened the door wider and the voice from the other side stepped in. 

"Rain, this is Tony, he's my roommate," Mike said.

"Nice to meet you, Tony," I said.

"Sad time when a guy has to knock to get into his own room," said Tony in a sarcastic tone.

I felt almost as though his comment was directed totally at me and that made me uncomfortable.

"Sorry, Tony, I was just about to leave anyway," I said, standing up.

"No, don't go, Rain, Tony just needs to get some things and he'll be outta here," Mike said.

I took a breath and sat back down on the edge of the bed, watching Tony rummage thru his desk. He too had a very nice body, almost as hot as Mike's.

I watched his ass as he walked back towards the door, his tan body lit by the small desk lamp that was on. He just stood there for a moment.

Oh God, did he notice me checking him out? Was he mad or flattered? And if so, how was he going to react?

"On second thought, I might just hang around for awhile," he said, locking the door again.

He walked to his side of the room and plopped down on his bed, tossing the folders and books he had retrieved from his desk to the floor. 

"Tony, what the fuck are you doing, man?" Mike asked.

"Relax, bro, I won't interfere, I'll just lay here and listen to my headphones," Tony answered, looking at me and winking.

I wasn't sure what the wink was for so I just gave him a half ass smile and turned my attention back to Mike.

Mike rolled his eyes and sat back down beside me on the edge of the bed. We started kissing some more and again, his hand began to wander up my thigh. I didn't want to seem like a prude again, especially in front of Tony, so I allowed Mike to continue.

His kiss became harder, and his hand had already made its way up to my pink lace thong.

He moaned into my mouth when he realized I was already a bit wet. 

I could hear Tony moving around on his bed, but I paid him no attention. Then I felt Mike's other hand reach up and slowly unlatch the first two buttons of my black lace shirt. I could feel my nipples rise and pucker beneath my warm, black lace bra. My clit softly began to throb as I opened my legs just a bit. We continued to kiss as Mike slid his fingers just inside my thong, enough to open my pussy lips. This time it was me that moaned when his fingers gently probed my wet slit. 

I slid my hand down to his crotch where I found the hardest bulge I'd ever felt in my life. I could tell it was straining to get out. So, with trembling fingers, I slowly began to unbutton and unzip his jeans. I felt the bed move just a bit when Mike raised his hips and I slid his jeans down to his ankles. 

Suddenly, he broke the kiss and whispered, "Suck my dick, baby."

Something about the way he said it, I just melted. 

I leaned in and kissed him one more time, then teased him by tracing his bottom lip with my hot, wet tongue. He moaned again as I slid off the bed and went to my knees. I didn't go straight for his dick, I wanted to tease him a bit further first.

On my knees, between his legs, I lowered my mouth to his inner thigh, gently licking and kissing the warm, hairy flesh. I felt him reach down and gently take my long blonde hair in his fingers, his hands softly cupping my head.

As I worked my way up, I felt Mike's grip get a bit tighter. I could smell his musk as I gently flicked my tongue over his balls. His hairy flesh smelled of sweaty denim, but I didn't care. I wasted no time sucking his left nut into my mouth, massaging it with my tongue, then the same to his right nut. 

His moans echoed off the walls of the small dorm room as he clenched my hair tighter, twisting it into tight strands in his fingers.

Finally, releasing his warm balls, I made my way up to his cock, which by now was as hard as a steel rod. I looked up into his eyes as I flicked my tongue up and down the base of this massive tool. I slid my mouth up the length of his cock, finally reaching the tip. I moaned when I tasted his warm pre-cum on my lips. I could feel Mike slowly bucking his hips, preparing to fuck my mouth. 

I got on my hands and knees, my perfect little ass sticking out. My heavy, round tits hanging down and my small hands planted firmly into the generic shag carpeting. 

"Mmmm, that's it, baby, suck my cock like you own it," Mike moaned.

When he said that, my entire body began to ache and throb in complete lust. I wrapped my wet, dark crimson lips around his thick cock head and slowly sucked the wet flesh into my mouth. My eyes still locked on his, I began to suck his cock. I could feel his grip on my head and hair tighten as he started to use my head to plunge my mouth up and down his massive shaft.

His hips began bucking a little faster and a little higher until his entire cock was buried in my throat. I could feel myself gagging each time he slammed his dick up, but I didn't want him to stop. I loved how his flesh and pre cum tasted as they mixed in my mouth. The smell of his black, curly pubic hair filled my nostrils each time I would go all the way down on him.

I continued sucking as I slid my blouse and bra off, finally allowing my young tits to bounce free. 

Just then, I felt hands on my ass, unzipping my skirt. I didn't want to stop to see what was going on, Mike was so far in a zone, I hated to break it. 

I felt the cool breeze of the room hit my hips and legs. My skirt had just been removed!

Then the mysterious hands returned, this time to remove my soaking wet, pink lace thong. 

I moaned into Mike's cock as the stranger's hands slid my panties down to my bent knees. Mike seemed to love the way the moan felt, he responded by gripping my hair tighter and bucking his hips up higher. Fucking my mouth with full force.

Then the mysterious hands found their way to my small hips where they both planted themselves firmly, complete with nails digging into my skin.

I didn't dare look back, to do so would mean giving up Mike's cock in my mouth and I wasn't about to let that happen.

Just then, a voice whispered, "Rain, I'm gonna fuck you, slut."

Right then, I knew. Tony was about to fuck me, but which hole?