 Once inside the house, James wrapped his arm around me. He was almost sleep walking, poor thing. I guided him to my bedroom and gently helped him sink into the bed. I could have put him in my parents' room, but what fun is that?

As he laid there, half in and half out, I slowly began to undress him. By the time I made it to his jeans, he was completely out of it. He snored louder then my father after a night of tying one on. Gently I slid my fingertips into the waistband of his jeans, and with a pop, they were unbuttoned. 

I smiled when I realized he was wearing black silk boxers beneath. They were warm and the light off my closet light reflected off of them. Carefully I slid his jeans down to his feet, tossing them across the room. I stepped back for a moment and just stared at him. His body was perfect. He had the most beautiful tan and a washboard stomach. His muscles were perfectly chiseled and hard. Just seeing all this made me hot.

Again, my fingertips slid gently into the waistband. They slid down his perfect ass and past his cock, which was already getting hard. I looked down and my eyes widened, I had no idea he was so big. He had a perfect mushroom head sitting atop his thick, vein filled dick. I quietly tossed the boxers across the room where they came to rest on top of his jeans.

He began to moan a bit, but was still very much out of it. It took me just seconds to slide my clothing off ..... again. 

My dresser was not even 10 ft. from the right side of my bed, with a full mirror sitting atop. I looked over and smiled wickedly, watching myself move. I quietly climbed up on the bed, and straddled James' lap. He moved a bit, but nothing I couldn't handle. I leaned forward and placed my small hands on his tight stomach for leverage. 

Then, like the perfect slut I had become that night, I slowly lowered myself down. Within seconds, James was inside me. I moaned a bit as his cock stretched its way thru my pussy. I continued to look at myself with complete satisfaction. I reached up and cupped my perfect tits, rubbing the nipples with my fingers, just holding James inside me. 

I leaned my head back and marveled how perfectly slutty I looked at this moment. It turned me on beyond belief. I started rubbing my tits harder, kneading my tan flesh in my hands. And slowly, I began to ride James' cock. I could feel him throbbing deep within me and I wanted so badly to wake him up. I wanted to talk nasty to him and he to me. 

But I knew he was completely exhausted. And even though I suspected he had fucked Julie tonight, I was determined to be the last pussy his dick felt. I began to grind down, almost cramming his dick all the way up inside me. I leaned forward until I felt his cock tip rub my G-Spot. Oh God, he had no idea what he was missing.

I rocked a little faster, coaxing his dick inside me as I clamped my pussy around his shaft, sucking his fat cock into me. 

Again, I turned to the mirror. I loved watching myself be nasty, I always have even when I was younger. I felt my pussy getting wetter and begin to buzz, wanting so hard to squirt all over James' cock right now. 

I looked down at him, he was totally out of it. I could brand him right now with a hot iron and he wouldn't feel it. Amazingly enough, his cock not only got hard, but remained hard as concrete even though he was somewhere in LA LA Land. 

I began to rock harder now, grinding him as deep as I could get him. Again, I leaned forward and let his cock head massage my spot. I began to tremble and moan, just as I had done earlier tonight. I could feel my pussy clamp and tighten around James' cock. I could feel his throbbing getting more intense. 

I reached behind me and cupped his right nut, squeezing it firmly and rolling it in my hand. He began to moan again and move his hips just a bit. I could see his eyes rolling around beneath his eyelids. I wondered what he was dreaming as I was here fucking him.

I placed my other hand beside me on his bare leg. I used it to pull me up so I could pump his fat cock in and out of my pussy. Each time I would come down, his cock tip would tickle my spot. Three times into it and I was so fucking close to the edge. My body wanted so badly to just cut loose.

I gripped his leg tighter, almost digging my razor sharp nails into his flesh. 

I felt him begin to jerk and his breathing had become heavy again. I could hear him panting and his hips began to thrust up. I guess those were HIS instincts. 

One final thrust and one final bump from his cock head was all it took to push me over the edge. I began screaming, unable to hold back. My body, again trembled as my climax took over. I was bouncing like a cork in water on James' dick, milking him. 

Suddenly, he thrust upwards, jamming his cock inside me. My pussy walls trembled and clamped around his cock like a vice. 

I turned again to the mirror and watched myself cum. I watched my face as my body totally let go. My sticky sweet juices coated his cock like a layer of paint. 

Just then, I felt the warm rush of his cum flood inside me. At first, it felt almost as though he were pissing inside my cunt, but the warmth was nothing more then James' hot seed spraying and marking my pussy. 

I watched that moment too. I watched my face as my best friend shot his load deep into what had become the sluttiest hole in the world. I was suddenly very proud of myself. 

I had been with 3 men that night and all 3 had cum .... because of me.

I smiled at my reflection, completely satisfied with myself and the events that had transpired.

Slowly I rose up and slid James from my cunt. I couldn't help but giggle when a small trickle of his cum leaked out and dripped onto his leg.

Tomorrow he will wake up with a sticky leg and have no clue as to how it got that way, I thought to myself. 

I slowly got up from the bed and turned my closet light off and tip toed across my bedroom, back to the bed. 

I was almost asleep when I realized I had not bothered to put James' clothes back on. 

Oh well, I thought to myself. There's worse things then waking up next to your best friend, naked.