 Dedicated to RC who will never leave my heart!

My boyfriend and I have a rather unorthodox relationship. You see we don’t get to see each other very often and I think that might be part of the reason we have lasted this long! The distance is keeping our lust for each other burning white-hot even while it makes frequent sex impossible.

I knew the night we met that he was out of my league. He is 5 feet 11 inches of gorgeous man. He has salt and pepper hair, blue eyes, a body a lot of guys envy, and a butt you could bounce a quarter off of. His voice is deep and a little smoke roughened from the cigars he treats himself to a few times a day. You can tell by looking at him that he is intelligent and that nothing gets past him. And don’t let his hair fool you, he has the heart and mind of a twenty year old combined with the wisdom he’s gained over 50 years of life. When we go out he catches the eye of every woman we see whether she’s 20 or 60. And that’s without him ever saying a word. Let me tell you, when he speaks, it’ll make you melt.

Me? Well, I’m a 5’8” brunette who learned a long time ago that average girls like me have to go further to prove we’re good enough to run with the big dogs. Nick is definitely a big dog and he makes me sit up and beg with the best of em. Of the things we have in common, one interest stands out above the rest. Sex, sex, and more sex!

Nick learned in high school that the way to a girl’s heart was through her pussy. He knows just where to touch and when. He knows when to be rough and when to be gentle. He can take it easy or bring me to a blinding climax that leaves me gasping for breath and wondering if he’s the devil incarnate with all he can do with his fingers, tongue, lips and cock. His cock? Well, I’d guess it’s 6 1/2 inches long and a couple of inches around - thick and meaty, just the way I like em.

We tried to start our relationship off slow but it was impossible. The heat between us was palpable. Thinking about him made my nipples hard. My stomach fluttered and my pussy muscles clenched with desire. By the time he arrived to pick me up, I had to change my panties due to the moisture thoughts of sex with him brought out. Sometimes we’d go out and enjoy ourselves before returning to my place for sex. Other times we intended to go out but one look at my nipples poking up against my shirt was enough to make him decide to stay in. As little as one kiss could spark a night of passion that would make you ache to be included. Even now, thinking about him has me so turned on my panties are literally getting damp from the juices that thoughts of him make flow.

Can we sustain that level of excitement through the long haul? Who knows? Right now I’m still basking in the glow of the great sex we had last night by telephone. I know what you’re thinking. Phone sex? How can phone sex be as good as the real thing? Oh darlin, don’t knock it until you’ve tried it! Shall I tell you about it?

The first time occurred at the end of a perfectly ordinary day. A day that held work and shopping and laundry and all the other ordinary things ordinary people do to keep their lives running smoothly. When the telephone rang I didn’t realize that I was about to take a sensual journey the likes of which I had never contemplated before. 

We talked about the weather and about our day and then, inevitably, we talked about how much we missed each other. I like to be comfortable while I talk so I lay down across my bed. And then Nick went a step further. He started to tell me how we would kiss if we were together. I closed my eyes and let my hand fall to my breast. His voice dropped even lower. He described every nibble his lips and teeth would take against mine. He talked about how our breath would feel hot against the other. He described every brush of his lips and tongue on the side of my neck. His voice was hypnotic and before I could think I started telling him what I wanted to do to him. 

I told him how his lips on my neck make my body quiver. I described the path my lips would take from his down his neck to his collarbone. I told him how my fingers would unbutton his shirt and how I would lick each piece of exposed flesh. I described the scrape of my fingernails across his skin as I pushed his shirt off. Then he asked what I was really wearing. Cliché I know, but it had a purpose.

His next words melted my soul. I was wearing a purple, satin nightgown that stopped at my thighs. He described his hands touching my breasts through the gown. He talked about pinching my nipples the way he knows I like them pinched. And then, when they were already erect from the imagery of his words, he described his mouth closing over one turgid peak. I moaned into the phone and my hand had no will of its own. It pinched and pulled on the twin points hiding under my nightie. I felt my pussy lips swell and my clit got instantly hard. He told me about the wet spots his mouth would leave on the fabric over my breasts.

I told him how my lips would close over one of the hard brown nipples on his chest. I would let my teeth scrape across it before I soothed it with my hot, wet kisses. I would take each one into the warm, moist recesses of my mouth and suck on them until he was gasping for breath. He groaned into the phone. I described letting my lips glide down over his stomach to the snap at his jeans. Then I told of how I would use my hands to pop it loose and unzip them. I wouldn’t release his cock but it was there, hard, pushing against the open zipper. 

Our breathing was getting faster as we each tried to say the things we knew would elicit gasps or breathy moans from the other. He told of the path his hands would take as they ran over my stomach and down between my legs to slowly lift the gown up to expose my sex.  I let my own hand tug my nightie up and I heard the unmistakable sound of a zipper being lowered. I gave a throaty laugh of sheer delight as I realized that he was really imagining me there with him. Is there anything more erotic than the concrete knowledge that you have excited someone to the point their clothes can no longer contain them?

My clit was hard as a button and I described how it must look poking out from under its cover looking for his fingers or his lips, begging for something to stroke it. I literally hadn't felt like this in years. In fact, I don't ever remember being that turned on by any person anywhere at any time in my life. 

He told of how his fingers would trail over my thighs to the warm crevice hiding that little treasure. He talked about the feel of his thumb above it, rubbing just the way I like. I talked of how I wanted to lick the pre-cum from the swollen head of his cock. Then he started to describe the way it was dripping in his pants so he had to release it. He talked about how swollen it was knowing how much that word turns me on. He described the color and the slickness of it as he stroked his hand up and down the length of it. Then he told me I was making him jack off like a teenager. Oh God! I wanted him inside me, pushing against my womb as he forced the entire length of his rock hard cock into me over and over again. 

And then, incredibly, I heard the most sensuous sound. It was the sound of something wet being rubbed very quickly and I knew he really was stroking that big, thick cock I love so much. I pulled my vibrator from the stand beside my bed and without any preliminaries at all, I thrust it as far inside me as it would go. Immediately he heard the wet sucking sounds my pussy was making as I thrust it in and out, over and over again imagining it was him. I described pulling his pants down with my teeth and squeezing his ass. I told him I wanted to rake my fingernails over his ass and pull his cheeks apart. I wanted to kiss him and lick him and just when he thought I was done I told him I wanted to ram my tongue in that sweet, tight little asshole of his. 

There was no mistaking the sounds coming from either end of the phone now. My vibrator was set to low and it was buried to the hilt in my hot, wet little cunt. He talked about pulling the skin back above my clit and licking me hard and fast, then slow and gently, then fast again. I told him I wanted to lick the skin in between his ass and his balls. I wanted to take both of them into my mouth and kiss and lick them. Then I want to lick the underside of his cock continuing up all the way out to the head. I want to treat it like a popsicle and lick it all over. I want the head swollen and hot against my lips and against my neck and my tits. 

He told me he was going to push two fingers deep inside me and work them around while I lay there and moaned. He groaned when I told him I wanted to suck on his cock until I felt him grab my head. I described wanting him to pull on my hair so my head would be in the perfect position for him to ram that cock of his down my throat. He described every move his fingers and lips would make dancing over my clit and rubbing around inside my hole. I begged him to fuck me hard. I could feel my climax building as I told him how I want him to fuck my face until he cums. He said no. He wanted to be inside me. He said he wouldn’t cum until he threw me down on the bed and rubbed the head of his cock over my clit so I could feel the slickness of our combined desire.

He described teasing me until I have no choice but to beg him to fuck me. I wanted to feel his cock throb against my pussy until neither of us could stand it. I was so close and I recognized the tightness in his voice when he said he wanted to shove my legs up and ram his big cock all the way inside me. And then I felt it beginning. That incredible feeling that starts in your toes and travels up your calves to your thighs. It’s a trembling that won’t stop. It is inside you and then it flowers outward. And as he described wanting to be so far inside me that it hurts I screamed with the sheer pleasure of the orgasm ripping through me. 

He called me names that were viscerally sexy as he continued to jerk on his cock. I begged him not to stop. I whimpered and pleaded with him to keep fucking me as I continued to cum, flooding my hand where it rubbed against my clit. I told him I wanted him to fuck me until we were both screaming loud enough for the neighbors to hear. I heard his moan and the catch in his breath as that first eruption of semen shot out of the swollen head of his angry red cock. I whispered nasty names to him as he shot creamy strand after creamy strand of his hot, thick seed all over his chest and stomach. I listened to the most incredibly sexy sounds coming from him as he came. We have had phone sex many times since then, but that first time nearly blew my mind. It was the most incredible experience of my life and it left me with the knowledge that where he is concerned, I will always want more.