 Jenna woke up feeling tender, sensitive and completely satisfied. She felt Luc's hard body pressed against her back as he spooned her, his cock already hard against her, and his large hand cupping her breast possessively.

Last night had been amazing. Her perfect stranger had shown her how amazing sex could be. He had licked her, sucked her and filled her with such an intensity she wasn't sure she would be able to walk today. Her whole body was still tingling from the mind blowing orgasms she had enjoyed. 

She shifted slightly and felt Luc's breath against her ear.

"If you keep doing that, I won't be responsible for my actions," he murmured.

Jenna grinned and pushed back against his cock.

Luc growled and his hand slid from her breasts to between her legs. He just let his hand cup her pussy and she felt the tingle she had been feeling turn into a throbbing ache. 

She moaned as she felt his lips against her neck. 

"Are you sore this morning?" He asked as he nuzzled and kissed her neck. 

While she certainly wasn't a virgin, she had never been fucked with such a ferocity before and she was touched by his concern.

"No," she told him truthfully. "Just sensitive."

"Sensitive huh? So how does it feel when I do this?" 

His fingers gently parted her pussy and found her aching clit, and circled it slowly. 

"Mmm," Jenna moaned. "So good."

"And what about if I do this?" 

He let his fingers slide lower and slid one finger inside her. She was already so wet and ready.

"Luc," she whimpered.

He slowly began to flick his finger inside her, before adding another. His other hand went to her breast. 

"Fuck Jenna, my hand doesn't even cover your tits. I fucking love it." 

He squeezed her breast before focusing on her nipple, tugging and squeezing it between his fingers. 

She could feel his huge, thick cock pressed hard against her and she knew what she needed.

"Luc, please..." She pleaded.

"Please, what baby? What do you need?" He teased as he pressed his cock against her ass.

"You," she moaned.

"You. Need. To. Be. More. Specific." He punctuated each word with a gentle tug on her nipple.

"Your cock," she responded breathlessly. "I need you to fill me, to fuck me, to make me cum around you."

"Fucking hell, Jenna."

She felt his hand slide from her pussy over her hip until it was between them as he took his cock in his hand. She felt him guide it to the entrance of her soaking wet pussy. She moaned in satisfaction as she finally felt him sink inside her. 

"Jenna! Fuck! Oh god, your pussy is so tight." He spat the words out as she could tell he was starting to lose control. She felt him circle his hips as her body got used to the feel of his massive cock inside her. 

Then at last he started to thrust. One hand on her hip, the other gripping her breast, he began to slowly withdraw his cock, and then thrust it all the way back in. His thrusts were slower than last night but then penetration was deep and each thrust hit the spot.

He took his hand off her breast and took her own hand in his. He took it and placed it between her legs. 

"Rub your clit for me, Jenna," he demanded as he returned his hand to her breast, squeezing it roughly.

She circled her clit just as he had done, and gasped at the sensation. Her pussy was full of his cock and this extra stimulation was making her legs shake. 

His thrusts became harder as his breathing against her ear became more ragged. She knew he was close too. She pushed back to meet every thrust as she felt herself start to tighten around him. 

"Luc, I'm close..." She breathed. 

"I know baby. I can feel it in your pussy. Let go Jenna. I need you to milk my cock."

His thrusts became more forceful and Jenna rubbed at her clit faster and faster until she could take it no more. 

"Luc!" She screamed as her orgasm shook her whole body. 

It was Luc's undoing, as he grunted against her ear, spilling his cum deep inside her. 

They lay like that for a few moments, his cock still buried deep inside her, his hand on her breast. She heard his breathing slow down and become rhythmic and wondered whether he had fallen back asleep.

He suddenly moved, allowing his cock to slide out of her, and turned her towards her. He kissed the top of her head and held her against his chest. She could feel his heart pounding against her cheek.

She lifted her head and found him looking down at her. 

"Hi," she said, smiling up at him.

"Hi yourself," he murmured, watching her intently. 

She wondered what he was thinking but didn't dare ask. She let her head rest back on his chest until he suddenly lifted her chin so he could look at her face.

"Do you have a boyfriend?" He suddenly blurted. 

"No!" Jenna exclaimed indignantly. "You really think I'd be here having amazing sex with you if I did?"

"Amazing, huh?" Luc grinned, back to being smug again.

Jenna hit him gently and studied his face.

"Why did you ask me that?" She enquired, her eyes not leaving his face.

"I don't share," he responded simply.

Jenna didn't know whether to be pleased by his possessiveness or offended at the idea she was some object that could be shared. Since she was feeling happy and satisfied, she let the comment slide.

"We need to talk about protection," he said in a serious tone. "I never forget myself like that, never. I always use a condom but I just can't seem to hold back with you." 

Jenna flushed. Twice he had cum inside her and naively she hadn't given condoms a single thought. Although she was secretly thrilled by his admission that he too seemed to lose his mind when they had sex.

"I'm on the pill," she murmured. "And I always make a guy wear condoms too." 

Luc's eyes darkened moodily, surprising her.

"What?" She asked, wondering what had caused that moody look in his eyes.

"I don't like the thought of other men touching you. Even in the past. But I do like that only I have cum inside you though. Now I know you're on the pill and we're both healthy, every time we fuck I'm going to cum inside you. Or against you. Or on your breasts. But there will never be a condom."

Jenna felt her pulse quicken. The liked the idea of there never being a barrier between them and she was thrilled that he was basically telling her that there would be a 'next time'. And a time after that.

"I want that" she murmured as she reached up to kiss him. She had no idea how long this fling, if she could even call it that, would last but she would enjoy every minute. 

He returned her kiss, sliding his skillful tongue into her mouth.

Jenna couldn't believe how needy she was for this man.

"Shower with me," he said suddenly in between kisses. 

"I'm not sure I can walk," she replied teasingly.

He grinned, obviously pleased he had that affect on her. 

"I'll carry you!" And before she could object he scooped her up in his arms and walked them to an ensuite bathroom. 

"Wow!" Jenna exclaimed as he put her down and turned on the shower. She looked around and took in her luxurious surroundings. It was beautiful and immaculate. She felt heat under her toes and realised it had underfloor heating. 

"Wow indeed," Luc responded, looking her naked body up and down. 

Rather than feel embarrassed Jenna delighted in the way he looked at her. She allowed her eyes to drink him in. God, he was perfection. His handsome face, his broad shoulders, his muscly chest and torso, his... Jenna gulped. Seeing his huge cock in the cold light of day for the first time was almost shocking. How on earth had he fit inside her! She was surprised to see he was hard for her again. The man was a machine! 

He caught her looking at him and grinned at her.

"C'mon sexy, in you get," he said as he pulled her into his huge walk in shower. He closed the shower door behind her and dropped a kiss on her lips. "Let's get you clean." 

Luc wasted no time in lathering his hands up and sliding his soapy hands over her breasts. He watched as he held one in each hand and squeezing them before pushing them together. 

"I want to slide my cock between these glorious tits Jenna. I want to cum all over them." 

Jenna had never done that with a man before but her pulse quickened at the thought of him using her body like that. She was surprised at how much she loved the idea.

The water poured over he two of them as he urged her to turn around. He slid his soapy hands over her back, and cupped her ass in his hands.

"Your body makes me feel like a teenager" he admitted.

She smiled as he continued to run his hands over her and felt him kneel down to run his hands over her legs. He ran his hands over the backs of her legs before putting his hands on her hips and urging her to turn. She did, and was aware that his face was right at the level of her pussy. He seemed oblivious to the water pouring over them as he ran his soapy hands up each thigh, not touching her where she needed it most.

At last he slid his hand between her legs and just rubbed it back and forth over her smoothness. Cleaning her. Stimulating her.

"You have the most beautiful pussy Jenna." She wondered how her clit could be aching for his touch again already. 

Luc got to his feet. It was her turn to explore. She soaped up her hands and ran them over his muscly chest. He felt solid beneath her hands. She moved her hands lower to his torso and felt his sharp intake of breath. 

She leaned towards him and kissed him and her hand went lower still until she found his cock. She wrapped her fingers around him and marveled at how big he felt in her hand. 

Encouraged by Luc's groan, she ran her thumb over the tip of his cock and felt his body stiffen. She smiled into his eyes as she dropped to her knees, undeterred by the water cascading over them. 

She was face to face with his impressive cock and again took him in her hand. 

"Jenna..." Luc warned, breathlessly. 

She leant forward and licked the tip of his cock, tasting his salty precum. 

"Fuck!" He hissed through clenched teeth.

She looked up at him and found him looking down at her, his arms braced against the shower wall behind her. She was going to enjoy this. 

She worked him with her hands, reveling in the sheer size of him, before she could resist no longer. She leant forward and took the head of his cock in her mouth. 

"Fuck, Jenna!" He ground out as he instinctively rocked his hips. 

She held the base of his cock in her hand, and she tasted him. Working him, licking him. She could feel the tension in his body as she took her time. She felt the wetness between her own legs as she began to worship his cock. 

With one hand still braced against the shower wall, Luc moved the other to the back of Jenna's head. She pursed and began to slide her lips up and down and his cock.

"Fuck. Feels. So. Fucking. Good" Luc groaned as he started to rock his cock into her mouth. She swirled her tongue around him as she sucked. 

"So warm and wet, just like your pussy," Luc moaned. 

Spurred on by his hot words, Jenna bobbed her head up and down on his cock.

"Jenna. Baby. I'm going to cum," he warned her. 

Rather than stand up Jenna started to suck harder and faster. She needed this. She needed him to let go. She looked up at him and took her as deep as she could. She told him with her eyes, it was ok. He could let go. She'd take every last drop.

Luc grunted and tangled his fingers into her hair. She reached under him and held his aching balls in her hands. That was enough to send Luc over the edge. 

"Fuuuuuuuuuck!" He yelled as he unloaded inside Jenna's mouth. She swallowed spurt after spurt until she felt his fingers relax in her hair. It was one of the most erotic experiences of her life. 

She let his cock slide out of her mouth and stood up. She grinned at him cheekily, pleased with herself.

His eyes were dark with lust. 

"You're going to pay for that," he murmured against her lips.

She smiled. She couldn't wait.

End of part 2.