 Jenna sighed as she ran her brush through her long hair. Back to reality. She had spent an amazing weekend with Luc, her perfect stranger. It had been the most erotic and intensely satisfying weekend of her life. 

But now, back in her own apartment she realised real life had resurfaced and she had to get ready for work. He had promised to call but Jenna had wondered whether he had meant it. The guy was a God, he could find any willing woman who would love to have sex with him. 

Oh God, the sex. Never in her life had she cum so many times. His tongue, his fingers, his cock - so many ways he had pleasured her. She felt the familiar ache between her legs as she remembered the last time he had fucked her. Up against the wall as she was about to leave, her legs wrapped around his waist, just submitting to the pleasure of being taken like that. 

She squeezed her thighs together to try and relieve the aching throb. She needed to get ready. She tied her hair back into her usual no nonsense bun, and fastened the side zip of her professional pencil dress. She applied her makeup and stood back. She looked smart and classy. Nothing like the wanton girl who had had sex with a stranger. 

When she arrived at work she made the usual greetings and smiled at her colleagues but she was glad to get inside her tiny office. Her mind constantly went back to the weekend, leaving her flustered. How was she going to get any work done? 

She logged in to her computer and read her emails and got stuck into her work. The hours passed and she was just thinking about lunch when there was a knock at the door. She looked up and groaned inwardly when she saw her colleague, and ex boyfriend Pete standing there. It had only been a week since he had ended their relationship and the rejection still stung. 

"Hey Jen," he greeted her as she told him to come in. 

"Hi," she mumbled as she continued to look at her screen, hoping he would take the hint. 

"So I bumped into Gia yesterday. She told me you'd had an interesting weekend."

Jenna's eyes shot up. Her best friend had obviously told him about going home with Luc. She didn't know whether to curse her or thank her. At least he knew she didn't spend the weekend crying over him. 

"Yes it was fun thanks," she tossed back nonchalantly. 

"Have lunch with me," he blurted unexpectedly. 

Stunned, Jenna looked up at him. She observed the cocky grin, the slicked back hair and wondered how she had ever found him attractive. He was a boy and her body craved a man. Her stranger.

"I don't think so," she smiled pleasantly. 

"Ah c'mon Jen, I can be fun too," he said with a leer and a wink.

"She said no," a deep dark voice commanded from the doorway. 

Jenna's nipples hardened immediately in response to his voice and looked up to see Luc standing there glowering at Pete. 

His large frame filled the doorway and he too was dressed for work, wearing a well cut grey suit and tie. Jenna could feel the dampness between her legs as she stared at him.

"She's having lunch with me," he said as he entered the room and held up a paper bag containing food. 

Pete held his hands up in defeat and muttered his apologies as he backed out the door. Luc shut the door and walked over to her desk where she was still sat open mouthed. 

"What are you doing here?" She spluttered, so unaccustomed to having a large sexy men taking up her office space. 

"Who the fuck is he?" He growled, ignoring her question.

"Pete," she murmured, unable to take her eyes off him. "He's my ex."

Luc's eyes darkened but he didn't say anything as he put their lunch down on the desk. He walked to where she was sitting and held out a hand. She took it and he pulled her to her feet and held her against him possessively. She could feel his hard cock pressing against her as she looked up at him. 

"I wanted to surprise you," he told her, his eyes on her mouth. "I remembered you telling me where you worked yesterday."

She nodded, suddenly incapable of speech. She ran her tongue over her dry lips as she felt her heart banging in her chest.

He cursed and lowered his mouth to hers. She opened her mouth eagerly to welcome his tongue as he backed her against her desk. She was suddenly thankful that the door to her office was shut so her colleagues couldn't be witness to whatever was unfolding between them. 

He pressed her back against the desk as he planted open mouthed kisses against her neck. He pulled back slightly to look at her. 

"You look different," he observed as she leant back against the desk. His eyes roamed her body before making their way back to hers. "It makes me want to ruffle you up".

Already feeling pretty ruffled, she pulled his head back down to hers. His hands found her hips before moving up to brush the sides of her breasts. He took a step back and looked at her, breathing heavily, her cheeks flushed. 

"I don't like Pete," he said simply. 

She couldn't stop the smile spreading across her face. She enjoyed his possessiveness. 

"Who ended it?" he asked as he ran his hands over her thighs. 

"He did," she murmured as she watched his hands slide under her dress. She instinctively parted her legs for him. 

"He's an idiot. You're a fucking goddess."

He gently pushed her further back onto the desk and pushed her dress up, exposing her lacy underwear to him. He got on his knees in front of her and pulled her underwear to the side, just as he had that first night. He cupped her pussy in his hand.

"I've missed this," he growled. 

She wanted to tease him, to tell him it had been less than a day, but she had missed it too. His touch, his possession. She nodded and pushed back against his hand. 

His finger found her clit and circled it gently. She moaned softly.

"Did Pete ever make you feel like this?" he murmured, his breath against her pussy. 

She shook her head.

He lowered his head and replaced his finger with his tongue. She whimpered as he placed a leg on each of his shoulders and slid his hands beneath her, lifting her to his mouth. 

She knew anyone could walk in at any point but found she just didn't care. Not when he swirled his tongue over her clit like that. He lowered his tongue and started to fuck her with his tongue. She looked down and found him looking up at her. She ran her fingers through his hair and leant back, just submitting to the tortuous pleasure of his tongue.

"Luc..." she moaned as she felt her orgasm starting to build. His tongue found her clit again and he started to fuck her with his fingers. He flicked and twisted his fingers as he sucked her clit and Jenna felt her body start to tremble. The sensations built until she fell apart against his mouth. Wave after wave of pleasure shook through her body as he continued to lick her, prolonging her orgasm.

As the waves eventually subsided, he lifted his head and got to his feet and kissed her lips. She tasted herself on his tongue and loved how naughty it felt. Anyone could have opened that door and caught this delicious man eating her pussy and she just didn't care. 

He pulled away and she pouted in disappointment. He moved to the other side of the desk and took a seat opposite her. 

"You need to eat," he told her as her still shaking legs managed to move her from the desk to her chair. How could he think of food now? He hadn't even cum.

He shrugged off his suit jacket and unpacked their lunch and she was surprised he had bought burgers from the deli down the street. She had him down as a lobster and caviar kind of guy. 

He took a bite of his burger, his eyes on hers. She had never found watching a man eat food to be such a sensual act but she couldn't take her eyes of him. 

"Is it good?" she asked as she began to unwrap her own. 

"Mmm hmm," he confirmed. "Not as delicious as the first course though."

He grinned at her as she flushed, still wet from the pleasures of "first course." It seemed so surreal. Minutes ago she had been lying back on this desk, her dress around her waist, cumming against this man's face. Now here they were eating burgers at that shame desk.

"I enjoyed the first course too," she informed him as she took a bite of her burger. 

"I know you did," he responded with a wink. She loved it when he was playful. He could be quite moody and intense, and he seemed so much younger when he teased her. 

"Main course is a bit disappointing though," she continued, watching him devour his food as he had devoured her.

He raised his eyebrows. "You don't like burgers?"

"I do, it's just not the meat I was hoping for."

Luc threw his head back and laughed. She knew the line was cheesy but she was thrilled to hear him laugh. 

He leant forward over the desk with a twinkle in his eye.

"Minx", he murmured with a smile. "I'm trying to be a gentleman."

She didn't bother asking him how many other gentleman he knew that would walk into a woman's office and suck on her clit until she orgasmed.

"I don't need a gentleman," she told him, her body tingling with excitement. Everything about this man made her whole body throb with need.

"Yes you do. You're a champagne and flowers kinda girl. I can tell." His eyes never left hers as she considered what he'd said. 

"Would a champagne and flowers kinda girl tell you that she was hoping you would fuck her right here in her office?"

His eyes darkened and feeling bold she continued. 

"Would a champagne and flowers kinda girl tell you that her pussy has been aching for you every minute since she last had your cock inside her?"

She got up from her chair, food forgotten about, and walked over to him. He turned in his swivel chair, not taking his eyes of her until she was stood in front of him. He reached for her but she dropped to her knees.

He instinctively moved to the edge of his seat, allowing her to unzip his suit trousers. He groaned as she freed his cock and gently began to stroke it.

"Would a champagne and flowers kind of girl tell you that she wants to taste you. That she wants to take your cock to the back of her throat. That she wants to suck your cock until you cum in her mouth?"

Without waiting for an answer, she lowered her head and took his cock in her mouth. She had no idea who this woman was that she had become, but she loved it. She was so aroused. 

"Fuck Jenna," Luc hissed between clenched teeth. He fingers went to her head where he deftly undid the bun that tied back her hair. As her long dark hair fell over her face, Luc tangled his fingers in it, moving it out of her face so she could look up at him as she sucked his cock. 

She loved the feel of him in her mouth, knowing if even just for that one moment, she was in control. She ran her tongue on the underside of his cock, licking the dripping head before sliding her lips back down his shaft. 

She felt him tug her hair. "Stop," he told her, pulling her to her feet. His eyes were dark and his jaw was clenched and Jenna could feel her body responding. 

"Lift your arms," he commanded. As she did he found the side zip of her dress and pulled it down. He took a step back so he could step of out of his trousers before leaning back against desk. He looked ridiculously sexy, still in his shirt and tie with his hard cock just beneath.

"Take your clothes off," he ordered. It was clear who was in control now. Jenna knew she should refuse, she was at work for goodness sake! Anyone could walk in! But instead of telling him no, she peeled the dress down her body, exposing her bra. She allowed it to fall to her feet and took a step towards him.

Her eyes on him, she reached around and unhooked her bra. His eyes went straight to her breasts and she remembered the feel of his mouth on them. 

She moved closer still until she was stood in front of him. She pushed her breasts together with her hands.

"Do you still want to fuck my breasts, Luc?" she asked him as she ran her fingers over her nipples.

That seemed to break his control. He grabbed her and pulled her hard against him. The gentleman was gone. His hand pulled her hair back giving him access to her throat. She couldn't stop the moan of pleasure that escaped from her. 

He walked her backwards to the door of her office and pinned her there. 

"Arms up," he demanded as his mouth found a hard nipple. He sucked it hard as his fingers slid down to her pussy. He moaned against her breasts as he found how wet she was. 

"You're fucking dripping," he groaned as he started to fuck her with his fingers. This wasn't gentle. It was hard and fast and she loved it. 

"You want me to fuck you, Jenna?" He ground out as his fingers continued to pound her. "Does this beautiful pussy need my cock."

Before she could respond her spun her round and placed her hands high against the door. He yanked her underwear down her thighs and entered her with a forceful thrust. She pushed back to meet him, desperate for release. 

His hands reached under her and grabbed her breasts hard, tugging hard on her nipples causing her to moan.

"Tonight," he grunted into her ear, "tonight I'm going to cum on your tits. I'm going to to fuck you and lick you and make you mine. Is this what you wanted Jenna?"

She felt she would pass out from the pleasure of it. His pounding of her pussy was fast and relentless and it felt incredible.

"Harder," she moaned as his hands moved to grip her hips hard, his fingers digging into her flesh as he slammed his cock into her.

Jenna couldn't hold back any more as she felt her orgasm shudder through her body. She shouted his name as he too grunted and unloaded his cum inside her. Her colleagues were sure to have heard her but there was no way she could hold back.

He held her there as she came down to earth until he reluctantly withdrew his cock from her. 

He turned her in his arms and kissed her hard. 

"Jesus, Jenna," he murmured. He walked them back over to her chair. He gently pulled her underwear back up her thighs and groaned as he saw his cum pooling there. They dressed in silence, both of them overwhelmed by the passion that had passed between them. 

Jenna went to tie back her hair back into a bun until Luc's gentle hand stopped her. 

"Don't," he told her. "You should always have your hair down."

She complied with his request and let her hair fall back down over her shoulders. His hand stroked over it.

"How is possible that I want to fuck you again?"

She smiled because she felt exactly the same and it was reassuring to know she wasn't in this alone. 

"Tonight?" She whispered tentatively.

He pulled her against him and kissed her. 

"Tonight," he confirmed. 

How was she going to wait that long?

End of part 3.