 The summer sales push was over for another year and, inevitably, the Sales Director had invited all his sales staff to a party to celebrate a successful campaign. It was a ritual that Katie always dreaded. She had no time for a load of drunken reps childishly slapping each other on the back and trying to chat up their wives and husbands. She had enough trouble with customers coming on to her without colleagues doing it too, and it was especially true this year as far as Katie was concerned, because her husband, Hugh, had walked out on her some months previously. Being on her own made her a target for every juvenile Casanova on the firm.

In the end she told herself she'd had enough of fending off randy salesmen and wandered outside to get a breath of fresh air, as well as trying to clear her head of alcohol fumes. The evening was moonlit and clear and it was a relief to be free from the insufferable people she'd been stuck with all evening. But even then there was giggling in the bushes where someone's chat up line had worked and so she rolled her eyes in disgust before making her way out of sight around the side of the property to lean against the garage wall. The one thing she didn't need was for some randy couple to remind her of the sex that she wasn't getting. Not that she'd been getting that much when she was married.

She probably wouldn't have minded Hugh's desertion so much if it had been for another woman, but to leave just because she couldn't produce children had hit her where it hurt. It wasn't as if she hadn't wanted kids too. But then he was ten years older than her thirty-nine and that age gap had become more and more apparent as middle age set in. He wanted children and he made no secret of his disappointment in her. She had made matters worse by suggesting that her inability to get pregnant could allow them to let their hair down in the bedroom. That had gone down like a lead balloon. As far as Hugh was concerned sex was for procreation and not recreation, and so far from having more they ended up having less and less. Eventually things degenerated so far that they slept in separate bedrooms and their sex life ground to a complete halt. But then he had never been a passionate lover and variety, as far as he was concerned, belonged in vaudeville.

After Hugh's departure she had dated just once, grabbing at an unexpected and unplanned opportunity to satisfy her needs. But when the man (man?) pleaded with her to "smack his naughty little bottom" she determined to give up on men altogether and console herself with her own fingers and a vibrator until she finally managed to lull her libido to sleep. Men, she promised herself, were something she would do without.

But then at this party she saw a new man, a brown haired, blue eyed and very handsome man in probably his late twenties, and when he caught her staring at him and their eyes locked she felt that almost forgotten jolt of adrenalin brought on by pure lust. Her carefully suppressed urge had been reawakened in a moment and her promise went out of the window. He gave her a slow sexy smile as if he could read her thoughts, making her blush with embarrassment even though she could see a corresponding lust in his eyes. She knew then, without doubt, that he wanted her as much as she wanted him - even though by his side was a raven haired and very attractive woman who was very obviously 'with' him. She averted her gaze and wandered away across the room, trying to shake off the longing that he had so unexpectedly triggered. As the evening wore on she found herself with her eyes roaming the room, brushing aside all other approaches as she looked for him, and then turning away each time they found him because he was always gazing back, desire still burning in his eyes. If only he had been on his own. She was sure that his partner could see them exchanging lust filled glances, but she couldn't stop herself wanting him.

That was actually why she decided to take a walk in the garden, telling herself it was to clear her head but secretly acknowledging that it was really to escape the hunger that this dark haired stranger generated. She couldn't have him and so she escaped to the peace and quiet of the night, desperate to control the feelings inside her. The relief she found outside was so welcome she found herself smiling naturally for the first time that evening and for a few minutes she simply revelled in the hushed solitude and the feel of cool night air on her bare arms. But then a shadow materialised beside her.

'So you wanted to get away from it all too, eh?'

Now she had a voice to put to the face, a voice just as sexy as his smouldering gaze. She started with surprise as she wondered stupidly why he had come out too, while knowing only too well why he was there. He leaned on the wall beside her, obviously intending to keep her company. She turned her head to look at him, making out his features more clearly than she had expected in the moonlight. He was even more handsome close up.

'You can only take so much false bonhomie in one evening.' She told him.

He turned to face her. 'I couldn't agree more. And the present company is so much nicer.'

It was such an obvious chat up line that she might easily have been offended, but instead she smiled silently at his nerve. She looked into his eyes, trying to find some reply but instead finding herself snared by that sexy gaze again. She felt her defences drop away like petals in a breeze as they stared at each other, each weighing up the other's expression. His face came closer to hers. She knew what he intended, and her heart began to hammer even before his arms came up and encircled her. As their lips met she thought momentarily about his dark haired partner, but her need was greater than her guilt.

The kiss was hard, fierce almost, their mouths grinding together, tongues exploring eagerly, arms clinging, bodies pushing together, all scruples forgotten. His hands were everywhere, pulling at her top, pushing it up. She gasped as he burrowed under her bra, finding her breasts, squeezing them, rightly certain that she wouldn't refuse him. Her own hands gained a life of their own in response and before she had even thought of it they found his zip, hauling it down and investigating inside, working his erection out into the open.

He groaned softly as her fingers encircled his cock and then suddenly he pushed her back against the wall, feeling urgently under her skirt, not waiting to pull her panties down but simply pushing them to one side to make way for him. She lifted one leg, wrapping it around his waist to give him room, knowing he would take her anyway. She was wet and open and his cock slid easily up into her. She should have wondered why she needed him so much, but she was past caring, all she wanted was to be fucked, and fucked hard.

He slammed into her, no hesitation, no finesse - but it was just what she wanted. She heard his breathing, harsh and desperate in her ear, his groans getting louder as he thrust harder and harder into her, ramming her painfully against the wall. She came only just before he did; gasping loudly even though she tried to stifle her noises. Then he was there too, with urgent, hard thrusts as his cock jerked and spurted into her.

It was over quickly, both of them releasing their needs with each other before leaning side by side on the garage wall, panting for breath as they adjusted their clothes and trying in vain to look innocent.

'Can we meet again?' He asked.

'Yes.'

She couldn't have explained her response, it hadn't been the world's best sex, it hadn't even been the most satisfying sex, but it was exactly what she had needed, and if she was going to get laid again then it had to be him.

'Tuesday evening?

'Yes.' She nodded eagerly, then, almost as an afterthought. 'Where?'

'Park in the far corner of the shopping centre car park and I'll find you there. About eight-o-clock.'

For some reason she liked the way he was making the decisions, and an assignation in a car park sounded dangerously exciting, although they would obviously go on somewhere from there. Maybe back to her place?

'Sounds good.' She told him.

He kissed her briefly, a quick peck on the lips before he walked quickly away and back to the party. A few minutes later she followed, smiling secretly at the feel of his cum dampening her panties.

A few discreet questions in the office on Monday morning told her that his name was Mitchell Grainger, Mitch to his friends, aged thirty-one, slightly older than she had him pegged for, that he lived on the far side of town and that he covered the sales territory adjacent to hers. This, she reminded herself wryly, was something she thought would never happen, having to ask about a man she'd already had sex with. She never asked if he was married.

By Tuesday evening she was having grave doubts about meeting Mitch, if only because the fact that he was eight years her junior reminded her how unsuited she and Hugh had been where the age gap had been not that much bigger. Well, at least she wasn't looking to marry the guy, and then that thought made her wonder if this would be a one off meeting or if either of them would want to make an ongoing thing out of it. She didn't think she could cope with anything too long term. That was, of course, if he turned up in the first place and he could easily have changed his mind by now.

She arrived well before the allotted time, driving past the cars clustered around the entrance to park, as instructed, at the far end of the car park. It wasn't a busy time for the store, the daytime shoppers had gone but the late night booze brigade had not yet turned out, and she was virtually on her own in this remote corner, just a scattering of cars with their own reasons for parking so far from the doors. She sat looking around, her mouth dry and her heart thumping, waiting for Mitch to arrive. Was it, she wondered, a sign of how desperate she was to start a new sex life. Yes, she decided ruefully. She believed this was her chance for the sort of sex she had dreamed of but never enjoyed and yes, she was desperate for that. A car pulled into the slot two away from hers and her head whipped around expecting to see Mitch's face smiling at her, but it was just a middle aged couple who ignored her and wandered slowly off towards the entrance.

She sat back and looked at her watch, still eight minutes to go. Plenty of time, what was she worried about? He'd turn up, of course he would - always assuming he could get away from his wife. She was sure he was married to the dark haired woman he's been at the party with. What if she'd found out and prevented him from coming. Five minutes to go and she'd convinced herself it had been a wasted journey. A man like that wouldn't want to risk his marriage for a woman like her. Two minutes to go and a car slid into the space between her own and that of the other couple, and this time it really was Mitch, his face turned to her and smiling just as she had imagined it would be. He beckoned her over and she jumped out, quickly locking her car before climbing in beside him.

'Hi.' She said, trying her hardest to sound nonchalant. 'You timed it well.'

'Hi to you too.' He grinned. 'I've been looking forward to tonight.'

She couldn't keep the smile out of her voice. 'So have I.'

'I'm Mitch.' He told her suddenly.

She nodded, not revealing that she already knew. 'Katie.'

For a couple of seconds they simply sat and looked at each other, and then, almost in unison, they leaned in for their first kiss of the evening, their arms going around each other as far as the confined space would allow. The kiss was not as harsh as the first time, but it was just as intense, just as passionate and once again his free hand found her breast, squeezing it gently through her top. She heard herself murmuring her pleasure as his tongue investigated her mouth, dancing with hers as each probed between the other's lips.

'I wasn't sure you'd really want to meet me again.' She gasped, voicing her fears as they finally pulled apart.

He chuckled. 'Well I did, and even if I didn't - he did.' He took hold of her hand and pushed it down to his crotch so that she could feel his erection through the material, long and hard.

'Oh my god.' She groaned, fondling him. 'I'm so glad, because I sure want to meet him.'

'Take him out then, and say hello.'

'What, here?' She asked, shocked but excited.

'Why not?' He responded. 'There's nobody to see.'

She didn't speak; instead she unzipped him with trembling fingers and pushed her hand into his pants, finding his cock, hot and hard. She wasn't used to working a rock hard cock free and she heard him gasp briefly with discomfort as she pulled him clear.

'Sorry.' She apologised for the hurt as she gazed at his circumcised cock, veined and bulbous, thinking how beautifully ugly it was.

'No problem.' He told her, pushing his seat back. 'But maybe you should kiss him better.'

She looked at him in surprise and he nodded in confirmation, his hand going around to the back of her head and pushing her gently in right direction, leaving her in no doubt. She looked around wildly, panicking, but Mitch was right, there was no one around. She took him in her hand, stroking his shaft and marvelling at its hardness as she shuffled back and then bent forward, cautiously closing her mouth around the head. She'd never actually done oral sex before because Hugh looked upon it with distaste, in either direction. She'd offered to do it, even once attempted to try it, but he had pulled away, telling her he thought it depraved. Now she was actually doing it and it was a steep learning curve.

The head of Mitch's cock felt hot and huge in her mouth, filling it, sending shivers down her spine as she swirled her tongue around the warm flesh. At first she simply tasted it, exploring the new and unusual sensation of having a man's cock in her mouth. But then she began to move her head, sliding his cock in and out as far as she could take it, moving her hand in a counter rhythm and wanking him into her mouth. He moaned softly with pleasure and she smiled happily around his cock at the sound. She glanced up. He had his head tipped a little way back, his eyes were closed and his mouth hung partly open, all signs of his enjoyment. At least she must be doing it right, even if she wasn't experienced. 

She wondered how long he would want her to continue. He'd tell her when he wanted her to stop, she told herself, for he obviously wouldn't want to come in her mouth and spend himself before they'd had full sex - or would he. She hoped he was going to let her share more with him than just a quick blow job, and she wasn't sure if she could handle him shooting into her mouth anyway. Sooner or later she would like to try that with someone, but preferably just not today. Today she wanted the cock she came on to be flesh and blood, not plastic. 

She put the thoughts to the back of her mind and concentrated on what she was doing, her mouth sucking wetly at him and her hand sliding up and down a shaft lubricated by her own saliva. He rested his hand on the top of her head, keeping her in place, while the other lay across her shoulders. At first they just rested there, but soon she felt his fingers begin to dig in, the first sign that he was getting close.

Then she heard footsteps and voices, the couple were returning to their car. She tried to pull her mouth away and look up, wanting to avoid being caught, but he pushed down on her head, holding her in place.

'Don't stop.' He ordered hoarsely. 'Keep going, finish the job.'

She had no choice. To pull away now was to run the risk of being recognised. She literally kept her head down, especially as sudden realisation of what he had said came home to her. Finish the job. He was going to come in her mouth! The voices stopped and the car doors slammed. The engine started and she heard the car pull back out of its slot. She felt almost disappointed. Today was to be the day that a man finally came in her mouth, and there would be nobody to witness it. But that wouldn't alter what was going to happen, her heart beat faster in both fear and excited anticipation. Now that she knew it was going to happen, she wanted it, thoughts of possible frustration forgotten.

His fingers gripped tighter and his hips began to twitch, pushing his cock at her. She wanked him harder, faster, waiting for the moment. And then he groaned, a low animal groan, and his cock jerked in her mouth. She closed her throat with her tongue and held her head still, finishing him with her hand. He groaned again, his cock pushed upwards and suddenly her mouth was full of his cum, beautiful, creamy, and slightly acerbic cum. She moaned herself as he flooded her mouth, loving both the sensation and the taste, wanting to hold it all in her mouth but having to swallow some to make room for the rest.

She lost count of how many times he pushed at her as he spurted into her mouth, but eventually he slowed and stopped, sagging back, his cock softening inside her mouth even as she milked the last drops from him. He pushed her away, breathing heavily beside her, his breath coming in sharp gasps as he gazed at her, nodding his thanks, unable yet to speak. She swallowed the last of his cum, running her tongue around inside her mouth and then licking her lips before smiling proudly back at him.

'That was bloody good.' He gasped at last.

She smiled at him again. 'You're more than welcome.' She assured him.

They sat there side by side, passion spent, at least for the moment. She wondered what he intended now. Hopefully a blow job wasn't going to be it, was it? She could read nothing in his expression and his cock was just a wilted little tassel, no good to either of them. Was he intending to stay around until his erection returned, or was he going to shrug off her needs now that his had been satisfied and leave her to her vibrator? Her fear of being left frustrated returned and she waited anxiously, watching as he got his breath back. The seconds dragged by, turning into a couple of the longest minutes she had ever had to endure.

'Right,' He said finally. 'Shall we go somewhere a little more private?'

She nodded. 'My place is free.'

'No.' He shook his head. 'No, I've got somewhere arranged.'

He saw a look of confusion and disappointment cross her face.

'I didn't know if you lived with anyone.' He told her. 'So I booked a motel room.' 

She smiled, mentally thanking him for his consideration while wishing she could take him home. 'No, I'm free and single.'

'Next time then?' He asked.

'Sure.' So there was going to be a next time, she smiled inwardly.

'There is something I want you to do before we go, though.' He sounded almost shy. She looked at him curiously.

'Take your panties off.'

Her mouth dropped open, but a quiver of excitement shot through her. Why not? She glanced around quickly and then hiked her skirt up, lifting herself from the seat and hooking her fingers into her waistband. Another quick look around and she pushed them down, bending forward to pull them over her feet. She offered them to him.

He shook his head. 'No, you keep them. I just like the idea of you being unprotected, available whenever I want.'

She blushed bright red. Not because of not wearing underwear, but at the feeling of sudden lust that the idea of being constantly available gave her. Suddenly she pulled her skirt up, spreading her legs and showing herself to him, not knowing why but needing to confirm her consent. He gazed openly at her pussy for what seemed an age before he nodded understanding.

'I think it's time we moved on.' He told her. 'I'll drop you back here afterwards.'

She pulled her skirt down as he moved his seat forward into place and started the engine.
