 Thanks for all the feedback on my "Drummer Boy" story, folks! I'll be continuing with the next couple of chapters soon, but in the meantime here's a one-off. It's been rolling around in my head for a few weeks, and I couldn't let it just sit there. Enjoy!

Lady D.





Statistics was, by far, the most pointless class I'd had in college so far. As a fine arts major, there was a requirement for me to take so many math credits to graduate. Never having been Mr. Math Whiz, I'd put off the requirement until the beginning of my junior year.

Deciding that there was little chance of the university waiving the requirement before I graduated, I figured I might as well get it out of the way. Calculus seemed way too hard, and I had too much pride to take the super-basic arithmetic classes that were designed for jocks. I'd heard that Stats was easy, so it seemed a good compromise.

I really should have gone with the basic math. The lecturing professor was youngish guy, sociable with the students, and completely useless. He'd chat up the class at the beginning of the hour, and that would usually eat up anywhere from five to twenty minutes of class time. 

He'd talk about anything, depending on what he felt like yakking about that day. TV shows, working out at the gym, current events on campus. Anything, it seemed, except Stats.

The rest of the class seemed to enjoy it, so they kept him at it for as long as they could. When he did start teaching, though, it was like he was making up his lesson plan as he went along. He'd start a book example, get lost and forget how to work the solution, only to slowly, painfully remember it as he scribbled it out on the whiteboard.

It made taking notes nearly impossible, since I was afraid to write anything down in case it was one of his false trails. I couldn't imagine how this guy had gotten this position as a teacher, or how he'd held onto it. Someone had to have complained about him already, right? To get my actual instruction, I had to rely on the TA in the discussion section. Unfortunately, that was headed by a well-meaning but English-impaired grad student. Half the time, I couldn't even make out the commonplace English words, and it only got worse when he used mathematical terms.

Since I didn't care to join in the lecture discussions of, say, how Jersey Shore was actually getting better since last season, I spent my time doodling and girl-watching. Doodling because, hey, Arts major, and it pays to practice. The girl-watching because, duh, girls.

There was a wide range of students in the class. It was an intro class for the biz kids and the law kids and all sorts of kids who needed to pick up some math but didn't want to go full-on nerd-alert.

As for girls, there were quite of few of your perky peppy sorority types. They tended to cluster together. There were a few of the liberal arts types, who I guess needed the class to help categorize the works of Milton into tables of analytical blah blah. And then there were the fine arts types, like me. We were few in number, and tended to keep to ourselves.

And there were a few outliers, a handy term I'd picked up from the class itself. And I had one favorite in particular.

She usually sat in the back of the class, near the windows, and was always there before I arrived. She was...well, depending on who you asked, they'd either describe her as "chubby" (if they were being nice) or "fat" (if they were an insensitive jackass). She was overweight, probably to the tune of two of the super-skinny sorority gals, but when I looked at her the word "full" always came to mind. It was as if she had filled up her body to just the right, round amount, and stayed right there.

She had this long black hair down to her elbows, with a just a hint of curl to it. To keep her hair out of her face, she wore these big plastic headbands. They tended to be pretty loud: red and yellow polkadots one day, purple and lime zebra stripes the next, and so on.

She tended to wear a school windbreaker (Go Illini!) over a t-shirt that always seemed a bit too tight, as if no mortal clothes could keep up with her large figure. And she didn't wear jeans or shorts, like so many of my fellow students, but nice pants, usually black, and chunky heels on her feet.

She wasn't pretty, exactly. She was pale, and still had a bit of acne going on. And she had a round face with full cheeks and a bit of a wide nose. Thin lips that wouldn't exactly stop traffic, and never any lipstick or anything like that.

Despite this, though, she'd smile and say "Hi!" to anyone who caught her eye. This simple act made her face bright, her brown eyes lively, and, well, kind of lovely.

See, in my experience, every woman has something about them that makes them beautiful. Sometimes it's their looks. A nice pair legs, a stunning face, a big juicy ass, things like that. Sometimes it's all attitude. The take-charge types, the wild curiosity of some nerdy girls, the free-spiritedness of hippie girls. Or maybe it's a talent that they have that lights up a room. Like a girl who's really good at singing, or the intensity that comes with some of the art chicks, the way they work themselves into a fervor on one of their wacky projects.

With Jennie Lynn, it was as simple as her smile. It made her seem so open. Friendly and inviting, like she already knew you, and was honestly glad to see you.

I made a habit of either sitting across from her in the back or, if those seats were already taken, as close to her as I could. I'd sneak glances at her between my sketchings. I guess I just liked looking at her.

I think she had to have noticed me looking, though. I just hoped that she didn't think I was creepy. As far as I could tell, though, she just spent her time in class taking notes, even though she looked as bored as I usually felt.

A couple of months passed, and midterms rolled around. Unfortunately, I did as poorly as I'd expected. The midterm was worth 15% of the final grade, and I'd scored a mighty D+. My homework was in the solid C range, so I was going to have to really nail the final to make up for my lackluster performance.

After class, I was looking over my exam, noting that the instructor had, while merciless in docking points for my mistakes, commented encouragingly on a few of them. "Coefficients are tricky!" "Don't forget your significant figures!" "Two standard deviations to either side!" All the while I was thinking angrily that maybe someone ought to give him some notes on how to run a class, and then maybe he wouldn't have to gas up his students with so much red ink.

So my mood was pretty sour indeed, when I heard a voice over my shoulder.

"You, sir, are in some trouble."

I looked up and came face to face with the largest breasts I had ever laid eyes on. Round and full, perfect for a playful bit of squeezing, or a gentle head resting. No windbreaker today, either. Just a yellow polo, fabric stretched achingly tight across her bosom, the buttons on the collar straining precariously, seeming to be barely holding together.

After a second I forced my eyes upward and saw the smiling face of my favorite class distraction, beaming down at me. Hey, her headband matched her top, black and yellow stripes. The girl had a style all her own alright.

"You're going to have to pull some serious study time to atone for that mess," she said. Her tone was playful, even while the words rang true.

"You got that right," I replied. "Trouble is, this professor is...how to put it delicately...instructionally challenged."

She giggled, and her breasts jiggled, and my eyes widened. She had to know that I was helping myself to an eyeful of her breastacular bounty.

"I know," she said. "I think coming to lecture makes me dumber. Where did they get this guy?"

"Dunno," I said, "But I guess professors have to eat, too."

I stood, narrowly missing her breasts on my way out of the desk. "Jonesy," I ventured, extending my hand.

She shook my hand and said, "Jennie Lynn." Her hand was small, chubby, and warm. Not sweaty, but just warm, as if her thermostat was set just a bit higher than average. She looked around at the classroom, which had almost emptied out.

"So," Jennie Lynn said, "what are you gonna do?"

"Well, the way I see it, I've got three choices," I said. "I drop the class and take it again next semester, and hope to hell that someone else is teaching it. Or I can knuckle down, give this class my full attention and kick ass on the final, and as a reward, never take a math class again."

Jennie Lynn giggled again. Bobble bobble went her breasts. "And what's the third option?" she asked.

"Go batshit crazy, move to Montana, build a house out of corn husks and mud, and spend the rest of my life hoarding squirrels for pets and food," I said.

"Ick!" Jennie Lynn said, laughing again. "Don't do that! You'll miss Jersey Shore."

It was my turn to laugh at her joke. "But I think I'll take the knuckle down route. I'm a never-say-die type, even when it's hard."

Jennie Lynn smiled and raised an eyebrow. "That's refreshing to hear, Jonesy. I just happen to have a spot open for a study buddy. You interested?"

Um, bright, bubbly Jennie Lynn with the cute face and the bountiful breasts of the most womanly magnificence? You bet your natural black ass I was!

"Sure," I said, hoping I was playing it cool. "When do you wanna get together?"

"Judging by the grade on that exam," she said, "the sooner the better. I study most nights at the Espresso Royale on John Street. Ever been there?"

I nodded. I knew the place. A coffee shop that was too hip for squares, but wasn't ironic enough for the hipsters. That is to say, a run-of-the-mill coffee joint with decent prices and a laid-back clientele.

"Great!" Jennie Lynn said. "Come by at seven." She shrugged her backpack over one shoulder, and, for one breathtaking second, the fabric of her shirt pulled taut across her bosom. It was pretty incredible.

"Two things to remember," Jennie Lynn said. "One: don't keep me waiting. I hate that."

"Wouldn't dream of it, study buddy," I said. "What's the other thing?"

Jennie Lynn smiled and said, "The other thing..."

She turned around and walked out of the classroom. I watched her ass move side-to-side, as she strode out. She had a nice big butt, firm and well-defined, and the fit of her slacks was doing her a ton of favors.

Watching her mesmerizing exit, I found myself becoming aroused. Oh, there was no way I was going to forget that.

