 NOTE: For those of you joining us for the first time, this story is a vignette from Rubirosa's series "C*ck Star." The chronicle focuses upon the private life of a public figure. 

As the most accomplished porn star of modern times, SAMSON lives out popular male sex fantasies on a daily basis. This story recounts our hero's youthful exploits as a lusty high school gigolo and championship bodybuilder by the name of LANCE LEO. 

Lance has just turned 18. Like many seniors at Peoria Tech, he plays football, smokes pot, and dates cheerleaders. He listens to hip-hop but prefers heavy metal bands. He scored in the 38thpercentile on his SAT's. His GPA hovers just below a 2.3. Lance wears Magnum XL condoms and is able to sleep with any woman he desires. 

Only one female can tame him. High school valedictorian and martial arts enthusiast SANDRA KONG will stop at nothing to win his heart. 

This is their story. 

THREE MONTHS LATER 

The sun set over the hamlet of Decatur, Illinois. Circus tents had been pitched in a cornfield on the outskirts of town. A Friday night crowd lined up at the box office. Business looked brisk tonight. 

The "Circus Noir Sideshow" was a revival of the freak shows staged at carnivals of yesteryear. The traveling group of acts included sword-swallowers, fire-eaters, and a burlesque troupe. The shows flirted with the risqué and Lance Leo's growing notoriety helped attract audiences to his performance as the "World's Strongest Man." 

In front of a standing-room-only crowd, the championship bodybuilder pranced about the stage in a leopard-skin singlet that showed off his impressive physique and mammoth package. His job couldn't have been easier. He lifted a few phony weights and pretended to bend an iron bar in two. His act lasted only about twenty minutes. The rest of the night belonged to him. 

As the mostly female audience cheered and hollered, Lance took a bow and headed for the side exit of the tent to smoke a joint. It was pitch dark outside. He sparked his lighter. It lit up a buxom brunette only a couple feet away. Her presence startled him. 

"Are you Lance Leo?" she asked. 

"Who wants to know?" 

"A size queen," confessed the girl with a mischievous smile. "I saw some photos of you online." 

As the tabloids churned out all the dirty details of the student/teacher(s) sex scandal, a couple dick pics of Lance surfaced on Reddit and went viral. They provided a simple explanation to those who wondered how a dumb teenager scored a threesome with two foxy teachers. The dude packed a python in his pants. 

Lance quickly scanned his companion for the night. She rocked a white tank top under a leather jacket. No bra. Her nipples spiked the cotton fabric in the cool evening air. Ella wore tight jeans that showed off her perfect heart-shaped ass. The chick was slim and stacked. Just his type. Lance already felt his prick getting hard. 

"Wanna see my trailer?" he smiled. 

She nodded enthusiastically. 

This was how quickly things went down for Lance these days. The Don Juan had become a quasi-celebrity in some parts of the rural Midwest. It began as a thread about him on an obscure subreddit for size queens titled "Who is Lance Leo?" A few anonymous users from Peoria Tech posted photos and testimonials about his special equipment. 

The discussion thread actually surfaced for a week on r/all, the virtual front page of Reddit, before the trolls commandeered it. And, henceforth, the urban legend of Lance Leo was born. Though his tawdry affair with Bev and Katie never stoked an outright media frenzy in the tradition of Amy Fisher or the Tommy Lee sex tape, his notoriety slowly spread beyond Peoria. So when someone spotted the playboy at Circus Noir and posted Leo's whereabouts online, his shows began to attract 'groupies' like Ella. 

Lance unlocked the door of his trailer. Ella slipped inside before he even turned on the light. His living quarters consisted of a vintage camper hitched to a pick-up that dragged it from town to town. The rusty Airsteam was probably older than he was. Ella rolled onto a big mattress that filled most of the space. She took off her jacket. Lance shut the door. 

MEANWHILE 

"Peoria Tech's 'Sex For Grades' scandal is heating up," began the reporter for WBMD-TV. "The arrest of Janet Wilson now brings the count of defendants to seven. According to the grand jury indictment, high school senior Lance Leo pursued sexual relationships with female instructors in exchange for passing grades in classes he seldom attended." 

Sandra muted the volume on her laptop. The reporter droned on in silence. She had parked the van in a vacant gravel lot next to a forest preserve. She could be alone with her thoughts there. 

On the mattress lay the opened rejection letter from Stanford. The notice did not particularly surprise the valedictorian. Sandra had been getting fucked over all her life. She opened the back door of the van. A cool February wind blew inside. Sandra got out of the vehicle and fished for a lighter inside her purse. She lit the corner of the envelope. The paper curled and darkened as the flame devoured it. Ashes and embers blew away into the darkness. And that was that. 

Sandra felt strangely calm. The situation could be managed. She legally emancipated herself from her overbearing tiger parents last month. She saved up enough money with summer jobs to put down a deposit for her own apartment. She weaned herself off anti-depressants prescribed by her shrink. She perused graduate level textbooks on physics in her leisure time. She practiced her kata for one hour every morning. 

All she needed now was a job. Sandra wanted to make money and make it quickly. She had to get out of Peoria by any means necessary. The teen fired up her van and sped out of the lot. She drove toward the town's red light district. 

Though the municipality of Peoria had cracked down on vice, many of the strip clubs simply relocated to an unincorporated part of DuPage County on the outskirts of town. 

She parked in the lot for Gazonga's. The name said it all. The strip club catered to men that liked to leer at buxom females. With her ample bust, Sandra had little trouble convincing the manager to hire her on the spot even without any experience as an exotic dancer. Tonight would be her first day at work. If she worked five nights per week, Sandra would be able to clear about $100K in six months. She then would parlay that nest egg into a range of investments while waiting to matriculate at an Ivy League University. No, she probably couldn't get into Harvard at this stage but at least she could weasel her way into Brown or whatever. 

Sandra cruised into the lounge in her street clothes. The joint looked Monday night empty. That suited her fine. She would need a day or two to refine her act. As she headed to the dressing room, Sandra scanned the layout of the club. A long runway bisected the main room like a catwalk for fashion models. It terminated in a large circular stage with a pole in the middle. Comfy velvet chairs ran along all sides to give patrons a closer view of the dancers. 

In contrast to the seedy glamour of the outer room, fluorescent tube lighting cast a grim pallor over the backstage area. A row of lockers lined one wall. A folding card table with plastic chairs served as a break room. Sandra struggled with the combination dial to her locker and finally opened it. Jesus. It felt like high school all over again. 

The dressing room was still empty. Sandra checked her watch. 6:15 pm. She had arrived too early. The teen temptress did her make-up and donned a sequined crop top and spider thong. With nothing more to do, she modeled her trashy outfit in front of a full-length mirror. 

Truth be told, it was not a good look. Sandra checked and rechecked the profile of her ass in the mirror. She never had any body-image issues but the fluorescent lighting gave her skin a yellow-greenish hue. 

"Don't worry, your ass looks hot," joked a busty redhead as she walked past. Sandra discreetly checked her out in the mirror. The woman looked 23 or 24 years old. She sat down on the long bench in front of the lockers and casually tore off her blouse. Sandra could not help but notice the size of her breasts. 

"36D," the redhead told Sandra deadpan. "How about you?" 

"32F," Sandra answered quietly. 

"Wow!" Kryssi answered after a long wolf-whistle. "You're gonna make a ton of money in this place!" 

"You think so?" 

"Listen, honey. They call this club 'Gazonga's' for a reason. Half these girls can't even dance." 

Over the next-half hour, more dancers arrived and got changed. Kryssi introduced her to everyone. It wasn't like Sandra imagined. The staff consisted of single mothers, grad students, and a lot of bohemian types that simply didn't want to work in an office. The only thing the women all shared in common was their impressive bra size. Sandra felt like she had stepped into a Russ Meyer film. 

As the dancers suited up and headed out, Sandra resumed her primping and preening in front of an old-fashioned vanity dressing table with mirror and lights. She saw Kryssi walk up to her from behind. "Can I help?" asked the redhead, picking up Sandra's blush brush without waiting for an answer. Kryssi expertly applied rouge to the apples of her cheeks. 

"You scared?" asked the redhead. 

"A bit." 

"That's OK. We all got scared the first time we went on stage." 

Kryssi seemed Minnesota nice, almost too innocent to work at a strip club. But her touchy-feely manner had a sexy undertone. Sandra felt the stripper's hot breath on her neck as she dusted her cheeks. 

"I wasn't kidding," the redhead whispered in her ear. "You really do look amazing, girl." 

Sandra turned around to look her in the eye. "Are you serious?" she asked. 

"I say what I mean," Kryssi replied without hesitation before returning to her own make-up station. 

Sandra had developed a decent sixth sense for dykes. She hooked up with a few girls in high school but kept it on the down low. Though Hollywood might have embraced LGBT folk, Peoria Tech remained in the dark ages. Ironically, Sandra heard a lot of lesbian and bisexual females sought refuge in the aggressively hetero-normative environment of the strip club. Women didn't judge each other so harshly in the skin trade. 

While pretending to look at her smartphone, Sandra peeked at Kryssi in the mirror. She rubbed body lotion into the smooth freckled skin of her pale arms. Both hands slowly glided up the top of her shoulders and then down her chest. She palmed her big, firm jugs and began to massage them. Sandra caught brief glimpses of Kryssi's stiffening nipples peeking through her fingers. 

A half-smile crossed the redhead's lips. She had been watching Sandra watch her. Throwing caution to the wind, Sandra glanced over at her new galpal. Kryssi didn't avert her gaze. She gave Sandra "the look." It said, "Yeah, I wanna fuck you too."  

Both girls silently scanned the room. The other dancers had left for the bar. "Your turn," Kryssi told her with a naughty grin and tossed her the bottle of lotion. Sandra dug her style. Her friend got straight to the point. She squeezed out a dollop of lotion and began to grease up her tits. 

Kryssi squirmed in her seat. Her breathing became audible. Sandra stifled a chuckle. Having a mammoth rack could be a pain in the neck, or the back to be precise, but it also could be empowering in certain situations. She could wrap a guy around her finger. And a cute girl like Kryssi too... 

At the same time, Sandra felt her own clit tingling. She wanted to touch herself there but resisted the urge. They were alone but not alone alone. She would need to file away this moment for later. 

Electronic dance music bled into the dressing room from the club. "Are you ready?" Kryssi asked her. "You don't have to go on first." "No, let's get this show on the road," she replied. "I'd rather just take the bull by the horns." 

Like any endeavor the diva undertook, Sandra prepared intensively for her stripping debut. She had performed in ballet recitals and knew how to manage stage fright. Additionally, the dancer plotted out her choreography and rehearsed the routine for a week. Sandra even had chosen a signature song for her opening dance so the DJ wouldn't stick her with some crappy tune from Poison or Motley Crue. 

Sandra exited the dressing room and waited behind the curtain to the stage as the throbbing synth of David Bowie's "Putting Out Fire" filled the club. A wave of adrenalized fear cramped her stomach. She took a deep breath and regained her composure. As Bowie began to croon, she crept onto the stage, her baby steps growing into the self-assured strut of a runway model. 

She hadn't expected the blinding spotlight. It followed her everywhere. Sandra couldn't see her audience. Yet she sensed their presence and that excited her. As the music swelled, Sandra approached the pole and swung around it a few times without touching the ground. Easy. She slid down to the floor in the splits position. "You go, girl!" called out Kryssi. 

Grabbing the pole, Sandra pulled herself to her feet and performed another quick, tight spin. Gaining confidence, she dove into a handstand, hooked her legs crosswise around the pole, and locked her ankles behind it. Sandra tightened her grip and lifted her hands off the floor. She hung upside down from the pole for a moment and then used all her strength to flip upright. She grabbed the pole again and spiraled round and round with acrobatic skill. 

As she descended, Sandra bent her back slightly, shifting her weight so that her pussy pressed flush against the hard steel pole. The contact sent a tingling wavelet of pleasure up her spine. Sandra was having a surprisingly good time on stage. She felt like a child in a playground, a sexy glammed-up playground with a dancing pole instead of a jungle gym. 

As soon as she reached the bottom again, the dancer leaped off the floor and pirouetted across the runway with balletic grace before hitting the floor in a breakdance windmill just for kicks. 

The spotlight shut off. The number began and ended in the blink of an eye. Sandra heard a scattering of applause. The joint was deserted except for the bartender and a couple dancers. 

Kryssi ran up to Sandra and gave her a warm hug. 

"You did great, kid," purred the redhead. 

"I didn't get a single tip," she noted glumly. "What's the wage for service workers?" 

"$2.13 per hour but this is only Monday night. Just wait until Friday. Your panties will be bursting at the seams with cash!" 

Sandra cracked a grin. She might have been smiling at Kryssi's crude joke or, more likely, at Kryssi herself. Suddenly, the needle dropped on the next tune. "Ladies and gentleman," announced the DJ. "Give it up for Rosebud." 

Strobe lights flashed in rhythm with the opening beats of Cinderella's "Shake Me." "Oops," smiled Kryssi. "Looks like I'm on." She ran off but not before giving Sandra a peck on the cheek. 

The redhead hit the stage. "Rosebud" had cultivated a distinct look. She grew her scarlet mane just long enough to cover her bare breasts. Kryssi wore a red sequined thong that matched her coiffure, and, keeping with her stage name, a rose tucked behind her ear. To complete her outfit, the dancer wore black satin boots that almost reached her knees, red laces criss-crossing up the length of them. 

Kryssi lacked Sandra's technique but the dancer oozed a raw sexuality that bespoke a surprising innocence, like a young Marilyn Monroe. Sandra tried to control her excitement. She could not afford to get moist in her skimpy outfit. But it took an iron will. She sensed already that Kryssi would hook up with her tonight. 

FOUR HOURS LATER 

Sandra felt less and less inhibited as the evening wore on. A few patrons had arrived but most of the audience consisted of dancers and other staff. The joint felt more like a girls' clubhouse than the dank dungeon of female oppression she had conjured in her mind. 

The club scheduled Kong to perform the final dance of the evening. The other dancers actually took the seats that ran along the front row of the stage to watch her act. Everyone dug her moves. Unlike high school with its snobby cliques and rah-rah bullshit, Sandra almost felt like she belonged here. No one judged her at Gazonga's. They were all outsiders too. 

The needle dropped on Joan Jett's "Crimson and Clover." 

Sandra decided to try something a bit more risqué this time. Eschewing the pole, she prowled the stage in a slow and sensual bump and grind. Kong dropped to her hands and knees and crawled toward Kryssi's seat. She then rolled on her back and spread her legs wide open. The silk thong offered slight cover but Sandra essentially exposed herself to the audience. She immediately looked over at the redhead to gauge her reaction. 

Kryssi trained her gaze upon Sandra's crotch with undisguised lust. The scarlet vixen licked her lips. To further tease her new galpal, Kong lightly ran one finger along her pussy, popped the digit into her mouth, and sucked it. That move made the redhead literally squirm in her seat. 

Kong drew closer to the edge of the stage so when Kryssi finally looked up, the ingénue stripper stared her straight in the eye. Sandra's lips curled into a smile. Her face hovered just inches away from Kryssi's mouth. If she leaned forward a bit, they could have kissed. Sandra's admirer met her gaze with urgent and palpable attraction. 

The song ended to scattered but raucous applause. Sandra gathered her clothes and a few bills scattered about the stage. Kryssi stood up from her seat as her new friend rushed down the steps and into the dressing room. The redhead nodded at the other dancers. They nodded back. No one would be going back to the dressing room for a while. 

Sitting before the vanity, Sandra adjusted the mirror before freshening up her make-up. In the reflection, she saw Kryssi enter the dressing room and approach her from behind. Kong spun the swivel chair around to face the redhead. Both of their hearts POUNDED. They stood just a foot apart when Sandra stood up from her seat. 

Kryssi took a step forward and glided her hands along the curves of Sandra's hips. Their bodies pressed together. The redhead felt soft and warm. Sandra gently rubbed her crotch against hers. Kryssi's jaw hung open. They hadn't kissed yet but she felt the redhead's hot breath blowing into her face. 

Sandra felt Kryssi's lips brush against hers. The redhead moved forward just a bit and their tongues met. Then they exploded into motion. Kryssi grabbed the back of her head in both hands and shoved it forward to kiss her friend hard and deep. Sandra responded by winding her arms around her waist and giving her ass a hard but affectionate squeeze. 

Kryssi thrust her hips forward, grinding her pussy against Sandra's thigh. That did it. After holding it back all evening, Sandra felt a sudden rush of wetness soak her thong. She could smell it. Kryssi could smell it too. "Your place or mine?" she whispered into Sandra's ear. 

TWENTY MINUTES LATER 

The door to Kryssi's condo swung open. A frigid February breeze blew inside. The women entered the living room in wool overcoats, shivering from the cold. Peoria winters could be brutal. Kryssi shut and bolted the door. She turned to Sandra with a smile and unbuttoned her coat. The redhead still wore her stripper outfit underneath. Sandra unzipped. She also hadn't bothered to change. They were in too much of a hurry to go home. 

As soon as Sandra took off her coat, Kryssi pounced. She grabbed Sandra by the shoulders, slammed her against the wall, and roughly pushed her tongue in her mouth as they both rubbed against each other. Neither displayed any rhythm or technique. They moved with raw, uncontrollable desire. Sandra balanced herself on one leg, wrapped the other around Kryssi's hips, and ground her pussy violently against her thigh. 
