 NOTE: For those of you joining us for the first time, this story is a chapter from Rubirosa's series "C*ck Star." The chronicle focuses upon the private life of a public figure. 

As the most accomplished porn star of modern times, SAMSON lives out popular male sex fantasies on a daily basis. This story recounts our hero's youthful exploits as a lusty high school gigolo and championship bodybuilder by the name of LANCE LEO. 

Lance has just turned 18. Like many seniors at Peoria Tech, he plays football, smokes pot, and dates cheerleaders. He listens to hip-hop but prefers heavy metal bands. He scored in the 38thpercentile on his SAT's. His GPA hovers just below a 2.3. Lance wears Magnum XL condoms and is able to sleep with any woman he desires. 

Only one female can tame him. High school valedictorian and martial arts enthusiast SANDRA KONG will stop at nothing to win his heart. 

SATURDAY 

Lance sat at the kitchen table and opened the morning newspaper. He made the front page of The DuPage County Register again. In the past, the local paper covered the quarterback's exploits on the gridiron. However, Leo did not welcome the headline today... 

BREAKING NEWS: Two High School Teachers Arrested Over Threesome With Student 

Peoria, IL (AP) 

Police in Will County charged Peoria Tech High School teachers, Beverly T. Johnson, 34, and Katie S. Marx, 32, with carnal knowledge of a juvenile, contributing to the delinquency of a juvenile, and indecent behavior with a juvenile. 

Police say the student (whose name has not been released), 17, went to one of the teacher's apartments after a football game on November 12th. The police report says the student began having sex with both teachers simultaneously until the early morning hours of the 13th. 

Anonymous sources report police learned of the crime after receiving a noise complaint from the Johnson Residence. After a brief altercation with the teen, officers brought in the trio for questioning. Peoria PD will supply more details at a press conference this afternoon. 

"Jesus Christ!" Lance muttered to himself. He was 18 and legal as weed in Colorado. The incident was a big, juicy nothingburger. Because Katie became very vocal during intercourse, an anonymous tipster heard shrieking noises and reported a suspected assault to 911. 

A rookie arrived at the scene. Despite Bev's protestations, the moron entered her condo, drew his gun, and barged into the bedroom where Lance was banging Katie. Naturally, the teen had words with the officer and they got into a bit of a scuffle. As a result, the police hauled him in for disorderly conduct. Because Lance left his wallet and ID in the bedroom, the cops assumed the high schooler was underage. Obviously, the authorities would get to the bottom of the mix-up pretty soon but they spoiled a very fun evening. 

Lance put down the paper. 

"So, is it true?" asked the MILF-y blonde on the other side of the kitchen table. 

"Listen, Jane," began Lance. "I can explain everything." 

"Start explaining," she told him with a wry and wary smile. 

Technically, Ms. Jane Hawthorne was Lance's guardian. Technically. The truth was more complicated. After his father kicked him out of the house for screwing around with his stepmother, Jane let him live in her home rent-free in exchange for the playboy's stud services. The divorced businesswoman was having a bit of a mid-life crisis and she handled it by sleeping with a teen hunk half her age. The arrangement suited Lance fine. Jane was a hardbodied cougar who spent her life at the gym. 

"The paper got it all wrong," he told her. "Except for the part about 'sex with both teachers simultaneously.'" 

"No doubt," Jane grinned. "But seriously, Lance. Three schools in the Big 10 offered football scholarships to you... Can't you just keep it in your pants for a couple more semesters?" 

Lance didn't answer at first. He slid back his chair, got up from the table, and moved behind Jane. "Babe," he whispered into her ear while massaging her shoulders. "How can I keep it in my pants with all of these gorgeous ladies pulling it out all the time?" 

Jane turned around and found herself face-to-face with his bulging crotch. The kid sported a massive hard-on beneath his jeans. That didn't come as much of a surprise. Lance had a insatiable libido. Rather, her astonishment came from the fact that she wasn't angrier at him. Jane had to bail the teen out of jail at 4am this morning. It had not been the first time either. But she felt nothing but desire for the lusty rogue at the moment. 

Snuffing out her cigarette, Jane got up from her chair. Even when she stood at her full height of 5'10, Lance still towered over the former captain of a college volleyball team. The bodybuilding playboy stood six-and-a-half feet tall with a V-shaped torso wide enough to fill a doorway. It always blew her mind that he had to lean down to kiss her. 

"Let me make it up to you, girl," he smiled. 

"How? Are you gonna take me to dinner?" she asked with more than a hint of sarcasm. 

The kid was dead broke. He couldn't treat her to the Dollar Menu at a McDonald's. At the same time, Lance probably meant what he said. The teen couldn't do much for her but she appreciated the thought. 

"Ummm..." he hesitated. "8am is a little early for dinner. But I'll give you something to tide you over." 

With that, Lance untied the sash of her bathrobe. He grabbed the lapels and lifted the garment up and off her shoulders. The robe pooled at her feet. She stood naked before him. Lance wrapped his big hands around the small of her back and pulled her in for a kiss. Against her better judgment, Jane let herself go. Her jaw slackened. Her nipples spiked. Ker-SPLINK! Ker-SPLINK! Hard enough to cut glass. She felt sticky love nectar trickling down her thigh. 

Finally, Lance pulled back. 

"What a kiss!" Jane moaned under her breath. Lance flashed a naughty smile. She hadn't intended to say that aloud. Not that Jane could have concealed her state of swooning euphoria. The cougar's heart pounded visibly beneath her heaving bust. Her forehead glistened with beads of sweat. 

Lance could have pushed her over with a finger. Instead, he took a step forward, backing her against the kitchen table and delivered another scorching kiss. Jane clutched the edge of the tabletop in a white-knuckled death grip as Lance leaned into her. The blonde jezebel couldn't have escaped him even if she wanted to. He loomed above her like a human wall of muscle and cock, a force of nature no female could resist. 

With suave spontaneity, Lance whipped the tablecloth off the table, cups and dishes crashing to the floor. He grabbed Jane by the waist and sat her on the table. Not missing a beat, the vixen lay back and spread her legs open. Jane knew the drill. Lance had fucked her many times in the kitchen as well as every other room of the house. 

The teen stud ripped open the button fly of his jeans and his massive cock popped out like a coiled spring. He didn't wear underwear today. Lance placed both his hands under her knees and spread her legs wider apart. He bent down and started kissing her calves, working his way up to her inner-thighs. 

"Don't tease me!" she hissed between her teeth. "You know what I want." Lance nodded and pulled out a Magnum XL from the back pocket of his Levis. He stepped out of the jeans and suited up his power tool faster than Jane could say "big dick gigolo." Fully unrolled, the condom still left the last couple inches of his shaft exposed. 

Even though she demanded immediate satisfaction, Jane still felt a frisson of intimidation every time she saw his erection. He had been armed with a ten-and-a-half inch ladykiller, the sort of phallus seldom encountered outside the realm of sexual fantasies and pornographic websites. But after that initial surge of nervous excitement, when his fat knob nosed against her moist labia, Jane felt her vaginal canal lengthen and widen with eager anticipation. 

"I can feel you tenting big time," murmured Lance, as he pushed himself inside of her warm, welcoming interiors. The teen marveled at the ease of his penetration. It usually took a lot of foreplay to bring a woman to her state of arousal. 

Jane wound her legs around his back, locked her ankles tight, and drew him forward. Lance shoved in a few more inches of cock. His lover drew in a sharp intake of breath. Had he gone too fast? "More," she urged him. "Gimme!" Lance chuckled to himself. Nothing turned him on like a sex-starved cougar. 

TWENTY MINUTES LATER 

Lance kicked open the door to Jane's bedroom. Much as the teen enjoyed the thrill of sex on a kitchen table, he preferred to finish off his lover on a king size bed. Leo ceremoniously walked into the room with Jane mounted upon his erection, her long legs tightly wrapped around his back to maintain balance. When she asked Lance to take her upstairs, the musclebound Casanova didn't have to decouple from Jane. He simply lifted the blonde off the tabletop in mid-thrust and carried her off. 

As he slowly ascended the flight of stairs with his female burden, she actually began to climax. That surprised her. Lance hadn't been stimulating Jane in the 1001 ways his fingers, tongue, and cock could push her over the brink. No, she almost experienced a mental orgasm. The thought of this teen hunk carrying his beloved to her bedroom, bouncing her on his giant cock like a weightless blow-up doll, his brute strength evident in his every step... It was just so delightfully alpha! 

Jane dug her nails into his broad shoulders and tried to control herself. If she began to thrash about, it might cause him to lose his balance and topple down the staircase. Yet Lance took her squirming in literal stride. When they reached the top of the stairs, he suddenly turned and pinned her back against the wall. 

"Don't worry, babe. We made it upstairs," he reassured her tenderly. "It's OK now. Just let it all out." 

Lance had anticipated her orgasm. He ground his hips in slow, sensual circles, touching places in her body no other man could touch. The straight-D senior lacked a formal education but she detected his sensual expertise in every stroke. Lance not only had an uncanny ability to detect a lover's climax. He also knew how to sustain it. Jane might have been twice his age but Lance knew her body almost better than she did. 

Finally, the blonde buried her face in the hollow between his head and shoulders. Every muscle in her body went limp as a toe-curling dose of oxytocin flowed through her bloodstream. "Enough already," she finally panted with a giggle. "Take me to bed." 

The teen marched into Jane's bedroom and deposited her on the mattress. With the cougar on her back and her legs still wrapped around his waist, he slipped his palms under her thighs and hoisted her crotch clear off the bed. Commonly known as the "missionary shoulder stand," the sex position required Lance to lift his partner's weight onto her shoulders while thrusting forward. It allowed him to hit Jane's G-spot on almost every stroke, which she loved. 

Grasping her thighs, the megastud thrust his ram into her deepest recesses. "Ohmigod!" piped Jane. The teen gigolo had struck her G-spot dead center. He pulled back and nailed it again. Lance's face lit up with delight as her hips bucked wildly in his palms. The master lover had Jane just where he wanted her. 

After blurting out a string of profanities, her body went completely rigid and her pussy erupted with a jet of warm, clear liquid. Many guys in Lance's position might have freaked out. Had she just pissed the bed? On the other hand, the adventurous lover knew all about female ejaculation and the phenomenon turned him on. Pressing his advantage, Lance kept thrusting his shaft against her G-spot. Lightning bolts flashed beneath Jane's eyelids. All she could hear was the thump of her racing heart. The cougar's back muscles locked into a stiff arch and her quinny clamped down on his prick like a steel trap. 

As Lance continued to impale her, Jane squirted juice like a geyser. She soaked his chest and face in jets of love nectar. Her liquid outpour only spurred him to pick up the speed of his thrusts. Jane twitched and bucked and spasmed her way through another intensifying climax. The lightning bolts that arced across her retinas had transformed into a kaleidoscope of merging and flashing colors. The orgasm almost became hallucinatory, like entering some X-rated version of nirvana on LSD. 

Just before she blacked out entirely, Lance slowed down and withdrew his obscene length out of her pussy. Jane opened her eyes. Her chest still heaved with ragged breaths. She barely had the strength to roll on to her side. The cougar had a lot of experience with men but the high school playboy redefined what it meant to get fucked. 

Lance had gone to the bathroom. She heard water running. Then the mattress dipped with his weight. Lance returned to the bedroom with a wet towel to clean off their bodies. He toweled off one thigh, then the other. Despite his storied career as a juvenile delinquent, Lance could act like a perfect gentleman in the boudoir. 

"We might need to change the sheets," he told her. 

"No shit, Sherlock," the blonde laughed weakly. Jane wet the bed so many times during sex that she probably had to buy a whole new mattress. Lance lay down next to her. He still sported a massive erection. 

"You want to make breakfast?" he asked. 

"Nope. Why don't you fucking make it?" 

"Babe, I'm hungry." 

"Well, you just made me come like ten times in a row so I'm gonna chill." 

"That's what I mean. If I make a girl come that hard, she definitely should be cooking breakfast for me." 

Jane ignored his inane remark and hit the remote. She surfed channels. 

"You aren't going to make me watch one of those soap operas again?" he complained. "I hate daytime TV!" 

"If you hadn't gone out last night, then you could have watched prime time." 

Lance grimaced. If he had stayed home yesterday, he also wouldn't have gotten arrested. 

"Fine, I'll do the cooking," he groaned and got out of bed. 

Jane paused on a channel with a local newscast. A reporter delivered a live report in a residential neighborhood. The location looked extremely familiar. 

"Holy shit!" Jane blurted out. "That's our house!" 

Lance looked out the window. A news van had parked in the driveway. He glanced at the TV. Old photos of Beverly and Katie flashed on the screen. The chryon read, "BREAKING NEWS: Student Identified as Lance Leo." He heard a knock downstairs. 

"Get down!" yelled Jane. 

"Huh?" 

Lance inadvertently had been standing naked in front of an open window overlooking the street. He actually could see himself on TV! The teen quickly dropped to the floor. Thankfully, no one in the camera crew had seen him. 

Jane quickly drew the shades on the other windows as the knocking continued. "Go to your room," she told Lance. It was not a request. Playtime was over. Jane looked upset. This was not how she planned to spend her day off. 

TWO HOURS LATER 

Sandra Kong had parked her windowless van near a Starbuck's to leech off their Wi-Fi. Her laptop faintly illuminated the interior the Chevy Astro. The teen temptress lay on a queen-sized mattress that lined the floor of the storage area and watched the newscast intently. Sandra immediately recognized Lance's house. She had staked out the location on many occasions. 

"Police say Lance Leo, who is now 18, will be charged as an adult for disorderly conduct and resisting arrest," explained the reporter. "Even though the student is not a minor, the teachers have been put on leave, pending an internal investigation by the Peoria Unified School District." 

Sandra took a deep breath. She wanted a cigarette and didn't even smoke. Her dirty trick had gone only too well. Before today, she had been too angry at Lance to think straight. Now her situation became clear as day. 

In summary, Sandra fell for a very stupid guy with a very big dick. Even though the high school Lothario had seduced the entire cheerleading squad as well as many teachers, she thought she could change him. Sandra wanted him really bad. Bad enough that she quietly stalked him. After a brief but tempestuous courtship, the teen stud gave her the fuck of a lifetime. And when she woke up the next day, the playboy predictably moved on to the next girl. 

Naturally, his rakish ways hurt her feelings. But Sandra did not get mad. She got even. Kong stole his iPhone, installed spyware on the iOS, and returned it to him. She proceeded to monitor all his calls and texts. Sandra quickly discovered the time and location of a threesome he arranged with two instructors from their high school. As the liaison unfolded, Sandra phoned the Peoria PD with a phony report of an assault. The cops sped over to their condo and the rest was history. 

Self-preservation was Sandra's most immediate concern. If the cops seized his mobile as evidence, they would discover the spyware and trace it back to her. However, Lance continued to make calls on the bugged phone so the device must have remained in his possession. 

Sandra's laptop lit up with a call notification. Lance had just dialed up Morgan Smith. The head cheerleader served both as a lover and confidant of the quarterback. Sandra had gotten to know her as she listened in on their calls. Morgan seemed a bit ditzy but nice enough. 

"Babe, I'm in trouble," Lance told her. 

"Ya think?" Morgan answered sarcastically. "Seriously, the Peoria Tech rumor mill just went into overdrive this morning. So tell me what went down." 

Lance delivered a brief account. 

"I don't know what I'm gonna do," he lamented. "Do you think this will screw up my football scholarship?" 

"Probably. No, make that definitely. Your story just went national. I saw it on the Fox News website." 

"And the people from Howard Stern somehow got our home phone number." 

"At least, you can sell the movie rights to a network." 

"Morgan," he asked tentatively. "Can we hang out tonight?" 

"No." 

"Next week." 

"Doubtful. But you sound cute when you're desperate." 

"Babe, please tell me the truth. Do you think girls will want to go out with me if I'm no longer a star quarterback?" 

"It was never about football, Lance," Morgan consoled him. "The cheerleaders dated you because you had a big dick." 

"Damn, that's a relief." 

Sandra muted the call. Her stomach cramped. The vixen experienced an unfamiliar emotion called "guilt." She had ruined this poor slob's life out of pure malice. Despite her stalking, violent outbursts, and other anti-social tendencies, Sandra never regarded herself as a bad person. She cared about people, even womanizing douchebags like Lance. Moreover, the teachers were innocent bystanders. They hadn't done anything aside from sleep with him like many female students at Peoria Tech. At best, Bev and Katie would lose their jobs because of her. 

Sadly, Sandra saw no easy way to atone for her sins. She couldn't confess to any of them without becoming part of the circus. Kong already had researched the criminal penalties on illegal phone taps. She wouldn't do time but Stanford would reject a felon without a second thought. Not even her perfect SAT scores would matter. 

Suddenly, Sandra's laptop screen lit up. Her phone began to vibrate. Holy shit! Lance was calling her. Sandra picked up. 

"Hey, babe," he greeted her in an unusually somber tone. 

"Hey." 

"I'm sorry I didn't call you last week. I guess you heard what happened." 

"Uh-huh." 
