 For Someone Special...

****************

The hotel was beautiful, luxurious and elegant with a bar that was intimate and dark, the sort of place where romantic assignations could be conducted...

She was in Spain on business, researching local wines and it had been a long hard day of tasting samples and tramping around windy exposed vineyards. 

The hotel restaurant looked appealing, but first of all she needed a drink. A stiff whisky and 7Up maybe. She had a magazine with her and there were plenty of comfortable chairs where she could sit and be invisible. The lift doors opened and she noticed how quiet it was. No awful music blaring out, just soft vocals from a song which she vaguely recognised. The bar was empty save for a dark haired man sat on one of the red leather bar stools. He had his back to her but she could see the attractive flecks of grey in his hair and heard him order a beer in a deep American accent.

She stood at the bar feeling hesitant. She had to admit she had a weakness for tall American men and he certainly looked sexy from the back. To the left of the bar was a cosy banquette seat and she made her way towards it. She could sit here with her magazine, check out the American and see what happened.

The barman noticed her immediately and at her request, expertly mixed her a Johnny Walker and 7Up. The measure was big enough to be a double and she took a sip, feeling the immediate relaxation hit her as it made its way down to her empty stomach. The American turned towards her and smiled. She noticed gorgeous eyes, an intelligent face, kissable lips...

She sat back on her seat and opened her magazine, detemined not to be caught up in trivial smalltalk. He looked attractive and that was the problem, where would an innocent chat lead? She concentrated on an article in the magazine, absent-mindedly sipping her drink. When the barman placed another in front of her she looked up in surprise.

"The gentleman..." he smiled and gestured towards the American.

She smiled. "Thank you." She lifted the drink to her lips as he watched. Their eyes met and she felt a twist of desire shoot through her, a slow melting inside that had everything to do with his smile, his smart business suit, the way he watched her enjoy her drink.

He made no more attempt to talk to her and after a while, she felt a slight disappointment. Obviously he was just being polite and after finishing her article she drained her glass and slid off the banquette seat, smiling a goodbye to the barman who was slowly polishing a glass, his eyes the picture of amusement.

"Mind if I join you?" The words spoken almost made her jump. "I take it you're dining in the hotel tonight?"

She stared at him, felt the colour rise in her cheeks and nodded, too shocked to say anything. He gently took her by the elbow and guided her through to the quiet restaurant where it appeared they were the only guests. "I'm Andy, by the way," he said pulling out a chair for her. "This is real good of you to have dinner with me tonight."

She smiled. "Well it's lovely to meet you, Andy. I'm Ella."

Thus introduced they sat and studied the menu. A hearty choice of dishes was on offer, but Ella felt her appetite disappear. She looked at the man opposite, noticed how attractive he was, how lovely his hands were. She had a sudden image of them clasping her back as she straddled him, tried to imagine how his face would look as he climaxed inside her...

"What would you like?" 

Ella looked up and realised she had been dreaming, fantasising. The menu was a blur and the thought of eating a large meal was the last thing she wanted. "Um, I wonder if they'd make me a salad?"

Andy laughed and called a waiter over. He ordered for both of them and they were free to talk about themselves, laughing and smiling, the slow build up to the inevitable. Time flew and the main course was long gone when she realised the time.

"It's nearly midnight!" She gasped in surprise, amazed at how quickly the time had passed. 

"You're not Cinderella, are you?" Andy grinned and called the waiter over again, whispering in his ear as the poor man went off to fulfill the request.

"What have you done now?" asked Ella, noting the amusement in Andy's eyes as he gazed at her.

"Oh nothing...just would you do me another favour?"

"What?" she giggled, loving the feeling as he continued to stare at her, his eyes making her melt inside, giving rise to those images again...

"Share a dessert with me in my room?"

Ella gasped at the intimacy of his request, but the thought of prolonging their dinner was too good to resist. 

"What's the dessert, though?"

"You'll find out if you come with me..."

She laughed again and as he stood, held onto his arm as they made their way to the lift. There were mirrors everywhere and she could see him as he bent towards her and kissed her on the cheek. Such a soft kiss but she shivered in delight at the feel of his lips. He moved closer and she could feel his warmth, the faint scent of his aftershave. She breathed in deeply, wanting to smell him, wanting him to kiss her on her lips, wanting to feel his lips on her breasts, her pussy...

"Here we are." The lift doors opened and they walked slowly along the thickly carpeted corridor, the silence of the hotel absolute. He inserted the card into the slot and the door clicked open. She hesitated but he sensed her nervousness and ushered her in, the lights flicking into life as he inserted the card into another slot. The knock on the door made her jump and Andy answered it, grinning as he carried two bowls of chocolate chip ice-cream into the room.

"My favourite," he said and Ella laughed. He set the bowls on the table by the window and made his way back to her, his eyes serious now as he gazed at her. 

"You're beautiful..." he caressed her face, ran his finger down her cheek, their eyes locked and Ella shivered again. He drew her closer and kissed her on the lips, his hands stroking her hair. She sighed and opened her mouth as he probed gently with his tongue, the soft kiss turning more passionate as he pressed closer. She could feel his erection against her thigh and the realisation made her shudder. She longed to feel him inside her, wanted to feel his skin against hers.

He stood back and undid the buttons on her blouse, revealing the lacy bra underneath, his eyes locked on her creamy skin, her dark hair such a contrast as it brushed against her shoulders. Ella unzipped her trousers and let them fall to the floor, standing before him in just her underwear. She could feel her nipples harden under the lace and gasped as Andy bent his head to kiss her skin, pulling aside the material and freeing her nipples from their confines.

"Lie down, Ella," he said and she lay back on the bed as Andy leant over her, his hands unclipping her bra and removing it. He took her left breast and slowly started to lick around her nipple, causing it to become harder and giving Ella a sensation that filled her lower stomach, the warmth spreading outwards. Reaching down she pulled his shirt from his trousers, her hands finding his smooth skin, her nails tenderly scratching his back as he groaned against her body.

Andy's hands moved gently across her stomach as his mouth continued to explore her breasts causing her to moan with sheer pleasure. Further and further down he went, so slowly and so gently until Ella felt as if she could no longer bear it. Tiny goosebumps covered her skin and her hips rose to meet his questing hands, silently imploring him to touch her warm mound, but he resisted. He drew tiny patterns over the soft material of her panties, pulling the lace tight until it strained against her smooth silky pussy, And then suddenly he stood up and Ella's eyes flew open in surprise.

"Don't worry," he said smiling at her. "I want my treat..."

He sat back down on the bed and with the spoon, smeared a little of the chocolate ice-cream onto her stomach. Ella gasped at the coldness of it, but before it became uncomortable, Andy bent to lick it up, his murmurs of appreciation making her smile as she watched him enjoy his dessert.

"Mmmmmm...I need some more of this..."

He took a little more and spread it over her skin again and Ella cried out as the cold slush hit her skin. This time he licked it up but moved further down and gently moved her legs apart, his fingers stroking the soft insides of her legs. He bent and blew softly on her panties, making Ella squirm, and then pulled aside the material and kissed her swollen lips. His mouth was cold from the ice-cream and Ella shuddered at the sensations he gave her, making her tingle deep inside.

She felt his tongue glide into her and he opened her legs wider, bending her knees and exposing her fully to his tongue.The bowl of ice-cream was now forgotten as he concentrated on giving her pleasure and Ella moaned his name as he stroked her mound before sliding his finger deep into her wetness. In and out went his finger as his tongue flicked across her clitoris bringing unbelievable feelings of ecstasy. She stroked his hair, pressing his face into her ever deeper as his tongue and fingers worked together in unison to bring her the orgasm that was building, layer upon layer. She knew that there was no way she could ever stop it and then she was there, crying out his name as he thrust his fingers into her, kissing her pussy as she finally relaxed. 

"My God," she breathed as he looked up at her, his eyes dark with the desire he was feeling for her. 

"Good?"

Oh wow, yes. That was so good."

Standing up he slowly took off his shirt and then his trousers, his pants bulging with his erection. He stood in front of her for a minute as she gazed at his body and then she leaned forward and rubbed his cock through the material of his pants. She pulled them down and smiled as his erection sprung out at her.

"He wants you, I think..."

"Mmmmmmmm, I think he does," Ella replied and slowly slid her mouth over the tip, tasting his juices as she sat forward and wrapped her arms around his thighs. 

Andy looked down and moaned as he watched Ella's mouth envelope his hard cock. She moved slowly up and down, licking the underneath of his shaft, kissing the ridge, teasing the little hole at the tip. Every now and again she would look up at him, her eyes looking straight into his and he almost exploded there and then as her tongue concentrated on giving him as many sensations as it could. Up and down, around and around she licked and sucked, now fast and then slow, one hand leaving his thighs to cup his balls in her hands and stroke them gently.

He felt himself grow harder and took Ella's head in his hands, drawing her closer in as she moved faster and faster, her wet hot mouth inching slowly down to the base of his shaft, sucking harder as she went, her tongue still swirling around the tip, making him groan out in pleasure. Then, with her hand, she wrapped her fingers around his shaft, gradually increasing the tightness of her grip and moving faster as her tongue concentrated on the velvety head which was wet with her saliva.

The combination of her mouth and hand made him groan out loud and she sensed he was near, pulling away and making him cry out in frustration. She stood up and turned around and he entered her easily, his swollen cock gliding into her moist pussy like a knife through butter. Gripping her hips he thrust hard inside her and she pushed back, feeling him so deep inside her as he came, his voice crying out her name as he emptied his warm load into her. Again and again he pumped into her as she pushed back at him, their bodies moulding so perfectly together in an act of pure pleasure.

She felt him relax finally and he bent over her, his breath warm against the light sheen of sweat on her back. He withdrew and she turned over to welcome him into her arms, needing to have him close to her as he lay between her legs, his head on her chest. 

They lay like that for a long time, their arms wrapped around each other, peaceful and relaxed.

Smiling, he looked at her and said, "I think we fooled that barman, didn't we?"

She laughed and nodded. "It was so sexy, pretending we were strangers, we must do that again..."

He laughed and held her close. Beside them the ice-cream melted into a creamy pool...