 A pair of feet meandered across the courtyard of a dimly lit commercial complex and soon found themselves halted at the entrance of a locally owned coffee shop. It was four past nine on a Friday night and these feet were already aching to retire for a long weekend. The sign on the door read, "Closed."

The barrister, a true picture of athleticism and scholarship, quickened his amble in sight of the gorgeous woman outside his shop. Once he picked up a menu, he strolled over to the door. "I'm sorry! We're open, ma'am. Just one second."

"Thank you," replied a soft voice as the welcoming gentlemen opened the door. "The sign said you were closed!"

"Well, you're our last customer of the evening," her rescuer beamed. "So what can I get for you?"

"Umm, well, first I'd really like to sit down," the new patron replied nervously, glancing down at her long, slender limbs. She was, in fact, exhausted.

"Oh, of course!" blushed the young man. "Right this way." Once she was seated at a table a hat's drop away from his counter, he asked, "What can I get you this evening?"

"What do you recommend?" she rasped while fidgeting with her purse.

"For you? Let me think." Something sweet for the lady, he thought. "How about a Raspberry Chai Latte?"

"Sounds nice," she grinned. "May I have that chilled?" she inquired as she loosened her shirt to reveal more of her voluptuous breast.

"Of course." It was hot outside and getting hotter inside every moment she opened those tender lips to speak. "Do you mind if I join you?" he asked.

Surprised by the forwardness of the request, she hesitated.

"I'm sorry. I shouldn't have ...."

"No, it's okay," she offered as he began preparing the drinks. He smiled.

Neither of them knew what to say next. It was if they were both caught in a daze. When the drinks were prepared, he brought them out. He sat hers on the table and stood - drink in hand - waiting for his invitation, convinced she would change her mind.

She laughed. There was this beyond handsome man waiting, at her beckon, complete with the dorkiest grin she had ever seen in her life. He sort of reminded her of the geek who had a crush on her in the sixth grade. But what a sight he was! This fellow was certainly no Bill Gates, Jr. She stared into his pretty green eyes welcomingly. "Sit down!"

He sat down. "Thank you," he smiled, his mouthful of pearly whites shining.

"And what may be your name?" she asked.

He swallowed hard. "I'm Liam, and you?"

"Rayanne."

"Hi," chuckled Liam.

"Hi!"

"Soooo .... " he sighed.

 # # # # # # # # # -THE END-