 The train was delayed. Emma sat and gazed out of the window. It was a fine clear day, far too nice to be on the train to work. She sighed and turned back to her magazine. As she did she caught sight of the man opposite her. He was checking out her legs. She was sitting with her legs crossed. They were long, slender legs, wearing stockings and high heeled shoes.

Emma pretended she hadn't noticed him looking but her heart began to speed up. He was apparently reading a newspaper but she knew he was secretly looking at her. He was an older man, late fifties or early sixties, cropped grey hair, smart expensive suit. Emma looked at the wedding ring on his third finger. A married man, probably frustrated, no longer getting the sex and attention he needed. She was aware that she was becoming warm and slightly damp. She liked him looking at her. Both of them pretending it wasn't happening. 

She gave a tiny wriggle and re-crossed her legs. Her skirt slid up her thighs a little way and she watched from beneath her eyelids as he took a good look. She imagined him storing up her image for later when he was alone. She imagine a bulge in those expensive trousers, his hand surreptitiously rubbing. The thought made her wet and she wriggled again slightly. Her skirt slid up further, revealing a lacy stocking top and part of a black suspender. The man held his paper very still. His eyes didn't move from her exposed thighs. Emma felt incredibly aroused as he looked at her. She wanted to pull her skirt all the way up and show him her lacy black knickers, which were becoming very wet. She made herself look away, out of the window, while at the same time she slowly uncrossed her legs. For a minute she sat with her knees primly together, then she let them part a little. She knew that from where he was, he could see straight up her skirt. She wanted him to look. Her whole body wanted her to spread her legs wide and pull them up, high heels resting on the seat. She wanted to completely expose herself to him and watch as he masturbated over her...

Instead, she sighed, picked up her magazine again and pretended to be deeply interested in it while she let her knees fall further apart. She didn't look at him but she knew he was watching. She let her hand fall into her lap and began idly stroking her thigh above her stocking top. She took a quick glance over her magazine. His eyes were fixed on her hand and he was looking a bit hot and bothered. He shifted in his seat and Emma saw there was a prominent bulge in his trousers. She felt a delicious thrill of arousal. She let her hand drift further up her, her fingertip caressing the soft skin above her stocking, but absently, as though not really aware of what she was doing.

Her fingers reached the damp crotch of her knickers and she stroked it lightly. She heard a supressed sound from the man and looked up at him boldly for the first time. He was flushed and breathing heavily, trying to conceal his arousal. Their eyes met. He smiled apologetically. Emma looked into his dark eyes and slowly and deliberately she pulled her knickers slightly to one side. Time seemed to stop for a moment. His gaze was burning into her and she was responding, getting wetter, slicker, more swollen. Abruptly she got up and walked past him down to the toilet. She didn't look back but she knew he was following her.

Inside the toilet, she left the door unlocked. When he came in she was bending over the sink, her back to him. He locked the door and took in the sight of her curvy ass, her skirt pulled right up to her waist. He groaned softly and unzipped his trousers. He didn't bother to pull her knickers down, just pulled them to one side and pushed straight into her. Emma moaned and arched her back as his hard cock entered her. He was breathing fast and harshly as he thrust, clutching her hips. In the tiny mirror she could see him looking at her, his face hard with lust. Their eyes met and she breathed "yes, yes,yes" in time with his thrusts. Her orgasm made her legs buckle and she grabbed the sink as she smothered her cry with her arm. He groaned and went harder and she felt her pussy spasm around his rigid cock before he gasped and swore softly and she felt hotness spurting inside her. 

Emma straightened up as he zipped his trousers and, smiled at him in the mirror. He smiled back. "Well, thank you."

"Thank you." Emma tidied her hair. She smoothed down her skirt and stepped past him into the corridor. She glanced over her shoulder as she made her way back to her seat. He was still smiling as he washed his hands. 

She sat down and picked up her magazine. Not a bad day after all.