 (Thanks to my friend Buck, for moral support when my team lost in the playoffs, for story ideas, for a brief physical description and permission to use it, and especially for the visual aid)

(I haven't found an editor yet, so this one was all me, sorry for any typos)

*

It's the second week of the NFl playoffs, and the much loved Green Bay Packers are playing the mean ol' 49ers in a Saturday night game. My friend goes all out for Packer games, and even more for playoff games. He has TV's in every room, even bathrooms and one on the back porch. He has a full bar, tons of food and about 40-50 people wandering around his home tonight. 

It's hard in all the commotion to concentrate on the game, so I try to find a less crowded spot in all the chaos. I succeed tonight only because it's less than 40F degrees outside: there are only two people on the back porch watching the game. I quickly head back in, grab three beers, a blanket and my jackets and join them out on the porch. They have the chairs, so I curl up on the couch. 

The Packers start off spectacularly, then they hold their own for the first half of the game. Everyone is in a good mood. A guy I've never seen before walks outside. He's new, and even though it's dark out, he looks kinda cute. He's about as tall as me, maybe 40ish, about 200 lbs, muscular, little bit of a belly, very short cropped hair, and a small mustache. He looks around the small group and the large TV and a small smile plays across his face. I lift the blanket, silently offering him the only remaining spot available, and some warmth.

He easily slides onto the couch and spreads the blanket over him. He laughs and says "You CheeseHeads are crazy, and you know it?" One of the other guys rises to the bait and adds "You're out here with us, so how crazy does that make you?" We banter back and forth for a while, shouting at the TV when appropriate.

His name is Buck, but I think it's a nickname, not his real name. He's visiting his cousin for the weekend, and he's going back to Kansas on Tuesday. I ask if he's a Chief's fan, and he says yes. I look at him sadly and say "I'm so sorry." He gives me a look and sarcastically finishes with "Oh, Thank you." I like him, he's sassy and sarcastic.

So, the second half of the game sucks. Just plain sucks. There is more screaming at the TV, more groaning, and Buck isn't rubbing it in. he is actually supportive. We continue talking and I find out he's an ex Desert Storm veteran, and a current correctional officer. (Damn, a vet and a man who knows how to use cuffs and restraints. What a happily interesting combo). He says he has girls, but no girlfriend. 

We keep chatting about the game and him and me until there are about ten minutes left in the game. It's time for a beer run. I get beer orders from the others and head inside. I enjoy the warmth for a while and eat some food before watching the 49ers score again. Bastards! I grab the beers and head outside again.

As I'm heading out through the patio door, the other 2 guys are coming back in. They look pissed and I hand them their beers wordlessly as the head into the house.

Buck is the only one out there and he stands when I walk toward him. I ask what was up with the other two guys as I stand in front of him. Bucks eyes show surprise and he looks me up and down. I am actually an inch or two taller than his impressive 6'1" frame. I laugh a little at his reaction. I hold my arms out and give a spin so he can look me over. He's seen my shoulder length red hair, and the two jackets cover my upper body pretty well, but he seems to appreciate the long legs and firm ass. I hand him his beer and motion to the two empty seats. He laughs and says "I think they both just lost a ton of money." Ahhh, yes; that would piss me off as well.

I motion to the couch again, "We only have five minutes left of the game, might as well finish this horror with dignity." We both sit down again and curl up under the blanket. For the first time tonight Buck touches me. His hands on my shoulders or my thighs in sympathy for the beating my team is taking. I glance over at him with a small smile.

The game is down to the 2-minute warning, and the Packers are going to lose. It's depressing, but almost certain at this point. It was such an interesting evening, only to have it end on a sour note. I need a pick me up, something to raise my spirits. To my luck, there is a perfectly good pick-me-up sitting right next to me.

I turn and look at Buck for a bit, deciding if I want to try anything. Buck notices and looks at me, his eye brows arching slightly in curiosity. Why the hell not! He's cute.

Under the blankets, I press my hand against his thigh, and slowly start roaming upwards, never taking my eyes of his. He is startled at first, but then another small smile flashes across his face.

I lean over toward him and speaking in a whispered voice, "This night sucked, I wonder if there's anything we could do to give it a better ending??" He leans in and kisses me before saying "I could think of many, many things, girl." I smile. He's mine.

I press my beer into his free hand and slowly untangle myself from the blanket, tossing it off to the side. Standing in front of him (Yes, I was blocking his view of the football game. I know it's a cardinal sin, but I didn't think he'd mind too much) I run my hands up and down his thighs as I lower myself to my knees.

"You got something in there that could cheer me up?" Looking up at him with my best innocent little girl face. He just nods his head. My hand gently rubs over a steadily growing bulge in his jeans. "Is this it? I wonder what it could be. Can I look?" He nods again, never taking his eyes off me.

I smile as I start to unbutton his jeans and slowly pull the zipper down. I can smell his musky scent and it's not bad, not bad at all. Buck groans a little as my cold hands try to find my new toy for the night, but eventually I get it out and in the open. Startled a bit, I run my hands over his smooth skin. I look up at him and asked "Are you shaved?" With a big smile now, he nods again. 

"You don't talk much, do you?" I start running my hand along his nice thick 8 inch cock.

He takes a swig of his beer before replying; "I'm not saying anything that could ruin this. You have as much fun as you want, and I'll just sit right here and watch."

That sounds like permission to me. I tug his pants down a bit more, so they're around his thighs. I take my first taste of him as I slide my tongue along the bottom of his shaft. Damn, I love a nice tasting man. I can hear the Packer game continuing in the background as I take Buck's cock into my mouth. Swirling my tongue around the tip, I glance up at his face. My hands wrapped around the base, both to give me more control, and to keep this guy from getting cold and shrinking. 

He is totally focused on me as I start giving him a blowjob. Sometimes slow, sometimes fast, but always moving. My tongue gets more and more acquainted with each ridge and valley on his hard shaft. 

Suddenly, the door to the porch opens. Ever have one of those moments where the whole world stops? This was one of them. I turn and look toward the door. A man, who I don't recognize, is standing half-way out the door, mouth open, staring at us. I say the only thing that comes to mind: "Could you give us a few minutes, please?"

The man stares for a bit, and I nod my head indicating he should go back inside, and eventually he does.

"Oh, my god!' I start laughing as I feel my face turning beet red. It had never even occurred to me that someone would step outside. "Who the hell was that?"

Buck is laughing also; "That's my cousin." 

"Seriously?" Buck just nods again.

"Well, tell him it was nice to meet him." Shaking my head slowly.

Now there's unwanted pressure, and I try to get this over with quickly, before anyone else can interrupt us. I twist my hands along the still hard cock in front of me, before I take it back into my mouth. Working faster, I start bobbing up and down over the shaft, one of my hands reaching underneath him, rolling and tugging on his cleanly shaved balls. Buck starts moaning almost immediately, rolling his hips in time with me. I swirl my tongue and suck as hard and as quickly as I can. I can feel him building up, his cock getting harder every second. Buck lets out another moan and I can feel his cock twitching. 

I pop him out of my mouth, sit back on my haunches, and watch him. He looks at me, but can't quite figure out what to do. I let him relax a bit, the cold air affecting his wet cock. I lean forward and take a long slow lick along the underside of his shaft before standing up again. My legs are cold and sore from kneeling on the patio. 

Buck is looking confused now. "Are you gonna finish it?"

I laugh a little. "You're a Chiefs fan. I figured you'd be well acquainted with not finishing anything."

He drops his head back and laughs "You are such a bitch." I help him stand up and hold the beers as he pulls his pants up. "Can I at least spank that ass?"

I hand him his beer back and kiss him. "If you have to ask my permission, you're probably not man enough to spank anything."

He looks at me intensely for a few long seconds. Then he reaches up and grabs a hand full of my hair, slowly pulling my head closer to him and at an angle. "I'm going to call you tomorrow, you're going to get your ass to my hotel, and I'm going to spank that sassy ass till I'm ready to fuck you!" I lean toward him and kiss him again.

The game is finally over with the Packers losing 31-45. I hate the 49ers. We head back inside and most of the people are already gone. We help the few remaining stragglers clean up, tossing cans into one bag, plates and cups into another, washing and drying the serving dishes, and Buck and his cousin carry the outside TV back into the house. Buck gets my phone number before him and his cousin leave.

The next day, just after noon, I get a phone call from a Kansas number. I answer it and hear a "Hey sexy!" on the other end. We talk for a bit before he asks if I'd like to stop over and see his hotel room. Remembering the comment he made last night, I tell him I'll be there in about an hour.

So, I go into girl mode; quick shower and shave then run around trying to find the right thing to wear. It a curse that all women have, and there's no cure. It's only 13F degrees today so skirts are out of the question. I rummage through my summer clothes until I find the teal and black halter top, no bra (I figure it will just get in the way anyway), a cute pair of black lacey undies and jeans. I pull on my boots with no socks and my big zippered jacket and head out the door.

I stop at Walgreens to pick up a pack of condoms before going to Bucks hotel. He told me the room number, so I just knock on the door. He opens it quickly and asks me in. Buck is wearing a black T-shirt and jeans. I see a lot of tattoos along both his arms. I see a military one, and skull one and a black 8 ball, and a few others. As I slip off my boots, I ask him about his tattoos, and he points them out to me, six in all.

I hand him the Walgreens back "I brought you a present."

He looks in the bag and frowns, "I don't wear condoms."

That actually startles me. I slip off my jacket and drop it onto the table by the door. I turn to face him. The halter top has a plunging neckline and my nipples are cold (it's 13F, they're going to get cold). "Well, this is going to be a very short conversation then." 

Buck stares at my tits, looks at my face, then back to my tits. He lets out a string of curse words as he turns away and tries to open the condom packet. I take the opportunity to slip off my jeans and drop them on the table also. Buck is having some trouble with the box and I laugh as he is using his teeth to try and get the box open. He finally gets one of the condoms out and turns back to me; and stops dead in his tracks.

His eyes roam up and down my body. I'm standing there in just the black lace panties and the teal/black halter top that plunges down, exposing a lot of cleavage. My legs are long a strong, my ass is nice and firm and round. I have a tummy, but so does he, and my C-cup tits are firm and practically poking through the halter top. His eyes make a second tour of my body, before I start laughing.

"Never seen a girl before?" I tease him. I can almost see his cock growing in his jeans.

His eyes flash to mine. "Fuck ya, but damn, those are long legs. Damn."

I laugh again and spin around before him. "You like?"

He looks me over one last time. "Come here." 

My sassiness comes back when I'm nervous, I can't help it. "I am here. I drove all the way here."

Bucks voice lowers a bit, and he points to the floor in front of him. "Come here!" I love a more dominant man, and that is the voice I was looking for. I step forward and stand in the spot he pointed to. Buck reaches up to my hair and grabs a handful and pulls my closer to him. "What did I tell you I was going to do to you last night?"

I bat my eyelashes at him. "I don't know."

"Tell me what I said you were going to get." He shakes my head a little, as he presses his body against mine.

"You said I was going to come to your hotel room, and you were going to fuck me." 

He shakes his head. "And what else did I say I was going to do to you?"

Looking into his eyes I shiver slightly. "You said you were going to spank my ass."

He smiles. "That's right. I'm going to spank your ass till I'm hard, then I'm going to fuck you." He kisses me with his other hand slipping under my panties and squeezing my ass. "Is that what you want, girl?" 

"Yes" I so horny now, nothing else matter. The only word that comes to mind is yes.

Buck leads me to the large dresser with a mirror on it and bends me over it. I feel his hands roaming over my ass and legs. He pulls my panties down and slips his finger between my folds, pressing slowly inside me. He pulls his finger out and I watch him in the mirror as he slips it into his mouth. "You got a sweet pussy, girl."

He has me step out of my panties and he spreads my legs apart. I watch as he pulls his t-shirt off and the removes his jeans. His cock it starting to rise, but it's not hard yet. He stands behind me and looks at me through the mirror, his hands running over my ass. "That's a nice tight ass there, girl. Ask me to spank it. Ask me nicely."

I watch his eyes for a moment. I can see the lust gleaming in them. "Please spank me. I was a bad girl last night. Please spank my ass." I watch as his eyes move back down to my exposed ass, a shiver of excitement runs through me.

Bucks left hand is pressed into the small of my back. I watch as his right hand slowly rises above his head, and hangs there for what seems like an eternity. Suddenly I hear the 'whoosh' sound, I see his hand flying downward, and I hear the 'WHACK' an instant before the pain sweeps through my body. An electric jolt coursing from my pussy, up my body and ending in my nipples. I gasp sharply as my body tries to lift up off the dresser. I don't see or hear the next WHACK, I just feel the electricity again pulsing through my body. 

The hand on my back keeps me on the dresser, as my as is spanked a dozen or more times. I can feel the burn start to heat my flesh as I'm gasping for breath. Both of Bucks hands are on my waist as he positions himself behind me. I pull up and shout 'condom' a few times. I hear him cursing again, but he goes to get one of the packets he had before. I watch him open it and roll it down his shaft. He's at full attention now.

He positions himself behind me again. One hand reaches between my legs and I know he feels I'm soaking wet now. I watch him in the mirror as he sucks his fingers clean again, before putting both hands on my waist again.

He looks at me in the mirror for a second before he slams himself inside me. I cry out, but I'm so slick he can bury himself all the way inside me. He stands behind me, fully embedded in my pussy, and groans softly. 

"Oh fuck, girl. That ass is solid and burning hot. You got a nice tight pussy, girl. This was definitely worth the wait." With that, he starts pounding his cock inside me. He gets into a rhythm before he grabs my elbows and pulls them behind me. He holds my arms like that with one hand, while the other starts untying the bow of my halter top. He watches in the mirror as the material falls, exposing my tits. He watches them bounce in the mirror for a bit before he grabs one of them, firmly, but not hard. He rolls and pulls the tender flesh, tweaking the hard nipples. His rhythm increases and I can hear him grunting softly as his cock is plundering my tight channel for all he's worth. 

He pulls me up off the dresser by my elbows, watching my body in the mirror. His cock still pounding away he growls in my ear; "You're gonna to finish that blowjob from yesterday. You're gonna swallow every fucking drop, girl."

He keeps fucking me hard, his hands roaming over my chest. He grabs a handful of my hair and pulls me back into him. That does it for me, and I start cumming hard, my pussy clamping down hard on his cock. I can hear him behind me going "Oh Fuck. Oh Fuck" over and over again.

My legs are wobbly, but that doesn't matter as Buck pushes me to my knees. He rips the condom off and pulls my face onto his hard, slick cock. Automatically I start sucking him as he shoves his cock into my mouth. His hand is still in my hair as he tries to finish himself off. He tries a few different angles before finding one he likes. Then he just thrusts into my soft, warm mouth. I wrap my lips over him and suck. He groans again as his hips start jerking. I feel his cum blasting into my mouth, washing over my tongue. I try to swallow, but his cock is filling my mouth and some of it starts dripping down the side of my chin. 

Buck pumps a couple of more times, a few remaining splashes of cum spill into my mouth. He leans/falls back onto the dresser, panting hard. He is looking down at me as I scoop the dew dripping off my chin and lick my fingers clean. 

He laughs again, he has a great smile. "I have a new appreciation for Cheeseheads."

I smile up at him innocently, "I am still under the impression that Chiefs fans spend themselves in the first quarter, and leave nothing for the rest of the game."

He frowns down at me. "What is that supposed to mean?"

Smiling, I run my hand up along his thigh. "I'll let you know when the other two condoms are all used up."

Buck looks shocked for a second, and then a big smile crosses his face again. He picks me up under the arms and tosses me onto the bed. "That sounds like a challenge that your may regret, but I'll definitely enjoy it."