 Unusually for Mya, she was feeling nervous. She had known him for only a few weeks online, sharing messages and intimate pictures. Tonight, they were finally to meet.

As she got out of the shower, her petite figure glistening from the water as she wrapped the towel around herself, she felt the butterflies in the pit of her stomach.

"I never get like this when I meet a man," she thought. "Why am I nervous this time?"

Deep down, she knew. He was good looking with dark hair and deep brown eyes.

"And that cock..." she though with a grin.

He had teased her with stories to turn her on and she knew that he could easily work magic on her mind as well as body.

She slipped on her sexiest black lace and silk underwear, suspenders and stockings, and looked at herself in the mirror. She knew exactly how hot she was. It made her smile and she felt a slight twitch in her pussy. Tonight was going to be fun... 

She arrived at the hotel in a taxi, paid the driver and got out with her case. She could feel the driver's eyes on her in her tiny little black dress and stockings and it turned her on to know the effect she had on him. With a slight smile dancing across her lips, she entered the hotel and approached reception.

"I'm meeting Mr Woodford. Could you tell me what room he is in please?"

"Your name please madam?" Asked the concierge, in a very well-spoken accent.

"Mya Rivers".

"Aah, Miss Rivers. He is expecting you." Said the concierge. "He is waiting for you in the hotel bar, if you would care to come this way. Your luggage will be taken up to the room."

Mya followed the concierge across the beautifully marbled reception to the hotel bar. 

As she walked into the opulent surroundings of the bar, she was greeted by sumptuous leather chairs, carved oak tables, deep plush carpet and a beautiful mahogany bar. She felt the class of the hotel and the room, but she was transfixed when her eyes met him. Mark was standing at the bar in an immaculate black pin-striped suit, white shirt unbuttoned at the collar with a hint of chest hair and looked very handsome. Maya's heart was racing as he looked up and they locked eyes. Her legs went weak for a second, not from nerves, but from the sensation starting between her legs.

As she walked over towards him, he smiled at her and turned towards her. She could already feel the heat building in her pussy as it started getting wet in anticipation of the night ahead.

"You look stunning," he said, softly as he gave her a single red rose.

Mya blushed; "Thank you", she said. "I've been looking forward to this."

"As have I." He replied, with a glint in his eye and a slightly mischievous smile. "Shall we?" He said, motioning to the restaurant.

Over dinner they talked about what's going on in their lives, their pasts and relationships, before the conversation started getting intimate again. 

After they finished dessert, Mya picked up her clutch bag, stood up and went to the ladies. When she returned, she sat down with a naughty smile, looked straight into Mark's eyes and discretely dropped something on the floor. Without taking her eyes off of his, she slowly and deliberately pushed her napkin off the table.

"Oops," she said, playfully. "Could you pick that up for me please?"

Mark leant down under the table and as he picked up the napkin, he saw her black panties on the floor. Mya opened her legs just enough for him to see her waxed pussy, glistening slightly from being turned on over dinner.

He returned to his chair, placed the napkin on the table and without a word, gently took her hand, stood up and started leading her from the restaurant. Mya's heart was pounding in anticipation as she followed him and went to his suite.

They left the lift and as they walked down the hallway, with its rich carpets, expensive decor, she felt the butterflies in her stomach return. Mark opened the dark, heavy door to his suite and Mya was taken aback by the extravagance. "This is just like in a movie," she thought.

Mark closed the door and locked it, turned towards her and kissed her deeply and passionately, running his fingers down her back and side, up the back of her neck and through her hair with the other. Mya responded, returning the kiss, her tongue darting over his lips and all other thoughts cast aside except this moment. She felt the desire surge through her, every cell of her being alive, burning with passion and lust.

She pulled away from him, with a dark, horny look in her eyes and leading him to the bedroom, firmly pushed him onto the bed. Mark stared, transfixed on her as she slowly started to unzip her dress and slide it down her petite, slender body. His eyes stayed on the dress until it hit the floor and as she stepped out of it, her feet slightly apart in her high heels, he looked up, stopping to look at her perfectly hairless pussy and saw just how turned on she already was.

Mya straddled him on the bed, kissing him, gently licking his lips as she took off his jacket and unbuttoned his shirt. She could feel his hard cock through his trousers and undoing his belt, button and zip, pulling his trousers down, she could see it straining against his designer shorts. Mark reached down and pulled off his shoes urgently letting Mya remove his trousers.

She pushed him back on the bed, tugging down his underwear and releasing his rock hard cock. She smiled with pleasure at the size and thickness of him, and still on her knees, wrapped her hand around the shaft, gently stroking up and down. Mark let out a sigh as Mya stroked up and down the length, savouring the sight of it, the look of his hard member, his balls tight with arousal, the firm veins, and the big purple end shining in the dimmed lights of the room. Leaning towards him she slowly licked from the base right up to the top, flicking her tongue in circles around his swollen glans. She could see his eyes closed and his mouth open as he breathed heavily in response to her tongue. She had been waiting for this for weeks after their steamy online sessions together. She parted her lips wide and took his hard cock into her mouth, closing her lips around it and using her tongue to seal it tight. Further towards the back of her throat she took it before rhythmically sucking up and down his hard manhood, rubbing his shaft back and forth from the base and meeting her mouth as she reached the limit of what she could take, caressing his balls with the other hand. 

Mya loved the feeling of his rock hard cock in her mouth, the feel of his skin on her tongue and the end on the roof of her mouth and the back of her throat. 

She reached between her legs and started to rub her clit, already soaked with juice running out of her pussy, her labia swollen and sensitive. Whimpering through her sealed lips, she heard his breathing get faster, his moans louder and his dick start to twitch as she started to taste the pre-come on her tongue. Mark suddenly stretched his legs out straight, toes curled and grabbed her hair roughly as he let out a loud grunt as he started to come right in the back of Mya's mouth. She smiled whilst keeping her mouth sealed tight around his spasming cock, not letting a single drop escape, milking every last drop of his cream out of his softening manhood, she looked up at him and met his eyes. He reached down, gently put his fingers under her chin and guided her up towards his face before kissing her passionately and deeply. This turned Mya on even more; she loved a man who wasn't afraid of the taste of his own sperm. 

Mark reached for her firm, supple bum cheeks and picked her up, turned her around and laid her on her back on the bed. He climbed onto the bed, parting her legs wide. Mya knew how good she looked, spread eagled in her black stockings, suspenders and bra, but with her pantyless pussy exposed, juices glistening in the light and starting to seep out. She knew Mark loved it too as he propped himself up on his hands and knees and kissed her full lips, his tongue flicking around her mouth, touching her tongue as they met.

He moved his attention to her neck, kissing, licking, sucking and making Mya tilt her head back for him to reach. As he gently licked her neck up to her earlobes, his voice let out a low pitched "mmm..." and she loved it. His hands were exploring her taut, slim body and he started to move down her, kissing her shoulders and chest before reaching behind her and expertly removing her bra with one hand and freeing her pert, firm C cup breasts. Mya felt a surge rush through her as he started licking her nipples, pinching and nibbling, tracing his tongue down her stomach, her bellybutton and to her waxed bikini line. Mya felt like she would burst from the anticipation, yet Mark did not touch her trembling pussy; he licked and kissed his way down her widely parted inner thigh and up the other, all the while never ceasing to stroke and caress every inch of her skin. 

She felt his hot breath on her pussy as he licked the outside of her labia, circling from one side to the other, but never touching her soaking wet pussy. Mya was moving her hips towards his tongue, trying to end the merciless teasing, her entire being focussed on the tongue between her legs.

With her eyes closed, she felt his tongue break contact with her momentarily before feeling it at the bottom of her pussy, parting her swollen lips and delve deep into her soaking wet hole, lapping up her juices and moving up to finally start flicking her clit. Mya arched her back at the exquisite feeling of relief and pleasure as he pulled her clitoral hood back, revealing her immensely sensitive clit and licking with the flat and the tip of his tongue in motions she had never felt before. She had been wound up so tight by Mark's teasing, she knew she would come within seconds. Mark felt her breathing deepen, be held for seconds before being released in loud moans and gasps, her voice echoing around the room in ecstasy as she felt the wave pass through her, her whole body spasmed and shook as she came hard with Mark's tongue on her clit, her pussy pulsing and clenching with every wave of pleasure, but before it had subsided, she felt him slide two fingers inside her and massage the upper wall of her pussy, expertly finding her g-spot while still licking her clit and she felt it start to build again.

His fingers moved in steady, rhythmic circles in her pussy, his tongue on her clit at the same pace, always changing direction, texture, pressure. Mya felt the sensations increase as Mark started to stroke her soaking hole quicker, his fingers alternating and widening, twisting and rubbing the sides or her pussy, the top, the depths. Faster, she felt him move, the tongue on her clit flicking and rubbing frantically. She could not control her voice, but didn't care and was starting to moan uncontrollably as her climax approached. Mark sensed this and suddenly his other hand joined his tongue to rub her clit intensely, pushing her over the edge and starting her orgasm, more intense than the last, making her body shake uncontrollably and her pussy clamp down hard on Mark's fingers. She could hardly breathe, her vision blurred and her hands gripped the sheets so tight it hurt. There was nothing in that moment, but the ecstasy in every cell of her being.

As the waves of her orgasm still coarsed through her, she felt Mark slip his fingers out of her and move up to kiss her, and as his lips, covered in her juices, touched hers, he thrust his rock hard cock deep into her, up to the hilt so his balls touched her soaking cheeks, his pubic bone pressuring her clit. She let out a gasp as it took her breath away and Mark stayed buried deep in her, tensing his cock rhythmically inside her pussy, so she could feel him expand and stretch her in regular motions as her orgasm, which had only just started to subside began to build again. 

He pulled his rock hard manhood almost completely out, before plunging it back in, slowly and firmly, as far as her pussy would allow, staying there for a second and doing it again, over and over. The feeling of being filled completely was exquisite for her as she gripped Mark's back tightly, her nails digging into his skin as he fucked her. Mya's hips raised to meet his steady strokes, her clit rubbing against him as he reached the depths of her soaking wet hole, the rhythm slowly increasing as she felt another orgasm near, urging her to move her hips faster and try to make him increase his pace. Mark must have sensed this because he suddenly pulled almost out and stayed there, kissing her with a grin. 

"Come on...!!" she urged, but Mark looked at her and shook his head with a wry smile before pushing his cock back in an inch and pulling out again. He did this 6 times before slowly and purposefully penetrating her all the way, staying there for a split second and going shallow again to tease her some more. Each time he went deep, for Mya, it was exquisite relief, every shallow stroke, perfect agony until each thrust was pushing hard and forceful, to the limits of what her pussy could take, building up in speed and force until Mark was pounding into her mercilessly, making Mya's cries louder and louder until again, she felt her orgasm break and the pleasure surging through her in waves, her eyes rolling back into her head and making her toes curl. Mark felt this and kept going until he felt her orgasm start to subside and slowed down slightly before pulling out and, while she was still dizzy from coming so hard, manoeuvred her onto all fours and once again, buried his cock into her soaking, twitching, sensitive love hole from behind.

Mya was loving the exquisite sensations in her sopping wet pussy and put her head on the pillow, stretching her arms out in front of her and pushing her arse out to meet his powerful strokes. She felt Mark grip her hips and pull her towards his cock with each thrust, filling her entirely, putting pressure on the back wall of her vagina and making her gasp, pant and cry out in lustful pleasure. Mya felt his hands leave her hips and while one hand grabbed her hair roughly, she heard a Slap and felt the familiar sting on her arse cheek of being slapped hard - she LOVED that, whilst being fucked hard from behind. Mark reached out and grabbed her right arm and roughly forced it behind her back while pushing her head hard into the pillow and fucking her harder than she had ever felt before, with fast, deep strokes. She heard him start to moan out louder and more often and could tell that he was close to climax himself. She pushed back to meet him as his cock slammed into her dripping pussy, and with a loud cry from Mark, she felt his cock pulse and tense inside her as he came deep within her, triggering her own orgasm as well, both organs spasming together, until she felt him collapse on top of her, both sweaty and exhausted.

Mark slowly pulled out of her overly-sensitive vagina and moved off her as Mya felt his hot spunk start to ooze out of her twitching pussy, her breathing deep and erratic, her head faint and her body unable to move. She felt him lean over to her, move her hair off of her face, gently kiss her and then take her in his arms.

"We HAVE to do this again." she said.

Mya awoke to the sound of the shower in the bathroom. She opened her eyes and smiled, remembering the night before. It was truly a day to remember - the anticipation of finally meeting Mark, teasing him at dinner and the heavenly night in the suite. She could feel the familiar ache in her pussy, caused partly by the session the night before and her arousal now, thinking about it. She let her hands start to wander over her naked skin below the bedsheets, going down between her legs to feel the juice already starting to gather. Lazily playing with her clit, she thought about how masterfully Mark had teased her; brought her to the limits of her tolerance for being teased and then finally let his magic tongue go to work. She had never came like that before from oral. That was certainly going to occupy her mind for some time. She had barely started to build her excitement, rubbing her clit, still sensitive and slightly swollen from the night before when she heard Mark come out of the bathroom, a towel wrapped around him, his hair wet and water droplets on his well-toned torso. She smiled at him as he walked over to the king size bed to her. God, he was gorgeous!

"Morning Princess," he said, kissing her gently on the lips. "Sleep well?"

"Fine thanks," she replied with a smile. "I'm starving now though. Shall we go and get some breakfast?"

"Me too. That sounds great." Mark said.

Mya got up and went naked to the bathroom, seeing Mark's eyes glued to her in the mirror as she walked across the room. That made her smile. She loved the effect she had on him. As she showered, she wondered what the day would hold for them, excited with the prospects of what she hoped would be an enjoyable day with a man she was crazily attracted to.

After breakfast, they left the hotel and went to explore the beautiful medieval town they were in. They talked and laughed endlessly; Mark had a great sense of humour, but also a depth of knowledge rarely encountered. They held hands as they walked, with Mark often giving her a slight touch; her arm, her leg, her neck, her hair, her pert arse and with the comments he whispered in her ear about what they were going to do that night, by the time they got back to the hotel, Mya was a horny, quivering mess.

As they entered the suite and Mark closed the door behind them, Mya grabbed him by his shirt and pushed him back against the wall with a force that surprised her and kissed him deeply and passionately, leaving mark with no doubt as to what she wanted. As she pressed herself against him, she could feel his cock already getting hard. She started to rub Mark's big, hard cock through his jeans before dropping to her knees on the thick, soft carpet and undoing his belt, unbuttoning his fly and releasing straining dick from his pants. It sprang up in front of her, rock hard and proud. Mya took the shaft in her hand and wrapped her lips around his helmet, taking it deep into her mouth to the back of her throat, cupping his heavy balls with her other hand. She heard Mark moan and looked up at him, letting his member slide out of her mouth to lick circles around the end. He looked down at her and she met his gaze, very slowly, bobbing her head back and forth and taking more and more of it into her mouth with each movement. 

Mark took her hair in his hands and without force, followed the movements of her head, as she took it down as far as it would go. She could feel her pussy was soaking wet in her tiny panties and yearned to touch it, to answer her body's demand for gratification. Mya pulled back from Mark as she heard his breathing start to quicken, his cock start to twitch and tasted the familiar taste of his pre-come on her tongue. She stood up and taking Mark's hand, led him to the bed. She turned him around so his back was towards the bed and pushed him back onto it, then started to remove her tight t-shirt, peeling it off seductively, before taking down her jeans, leaving her in just her white bra and panties. Mark was undressing also and was now fully naked on the bed, his hard member prominent in her vision as she looked at him. Taking off her bra and sopping wet panties, she climbed on the bed and running her hands up his toned body, straddled him and kissed him. Mark responded, kissing her back, his hands exploring every part of her skin and giving her goose bumps all over. She pulled away from him and crawled up his body until she was straddling his head and her pussy was directly above his face. Mark slid his hands up her thighs to her hips and she felt him pull her towards his eagerly awaiting tongue.

As soon as she felt his tongue on her immensely sensitive quim, it felt like it sent an electric shock through her body, and as Marks tongue found her clit, she gasped as the sensation took her. He started to lick her button with expert strokes of his tongue, building up the inevitable orgasm within her, and lapping up the juices now covering her pussy and Mark's face. She turned around and moved her hips forward, to get closer to his frantically moving tongue and bent down to once again take his rock hard phallus into her mouth and stroke, suck and lick it. She found it hard to concentrate on the prick in her mouth with Marks tongue on her clit, flicking it and making her moan with his cock filling her hand and stretching her lips. He pressed his tongue harder into her pussy as Mya felt him strain his legs and buttocks, her knowing he was about to come, sent her over the edge and her orgasm flooded her body in waves of pleasure, her pussy pulsing and spasming over Mark's tongue and nose, her come running down her thighs and over Mark's already soaked face. Mark moaned out loud and his hot, thick cream flooding Mya's mouth which she gulped down with each spurt, rubbing his cock and sucking hard to get every drop. As her orgasm subsided and she had swallowed the last of Mark's come, she collapsed onto him, both of them panting and spent. She turned around to lay next to him, her head on his shoulder and her hand on his chest, stroking the manly thatch of hair, feeling like a pressure had been released and sighed, contentedly, closing her eyes.
