 *****dedicated to really sweetheart of a guy I know. Enjoy this is just for you. And you know who you are*** (Grin)



*The phone rings*

“Mom! Hi, how’s it going?”

“What? When?”

“No no that’s fine sure I’ll see ya then”

*Click*

“Well fuck me running. She would have to pick tonight to come visit when my apartments a wreck *sighs*”

“Oh wait..!”

*dials a number*

*Phone Rings*

“Hello?”

“Hey how’s it going?”

“Good what’s up sweetie?”

“Well I need a favor. And badly”

“Name it and we’ll see”

“Welp...My mother just called and she wants to come for a visit and well my apt is a wreck. “Can you come help me clean it up? I’ll pay ya back with dinner out this week. Please??”

“Sure I’ll be right down”

*Click*

About 2 minutes later there was a knock on his door. He opened it up, there stood this drop dead killer looking woman. She had to be in her 30’s or so but she had a tight ass body and looks to stop a guys heart and give him a raging hard-on all at the same time.

‘Hey. Thanks for coming.” He said.

Beth stood there in a pair of tight ankle hugging jeans and a grey tank top. Her Dark auburn hair was pulled up into a twist in the back of her head. Her dark chocolate brown eyes sparkled in the light from out side.

“So mom’s comm’n huh.. Well better get to this mess. You take the bedroom and I’ll start with the Dishes”

Sure he said and walked off and started doing his bedroom. Why, he knew it was his mom so he wanted everything to look good. Both of them worked in different rooms, music played and they talked. Things went well the cleaning seemed to go faster with the both of them working in different rooms.

Beth went to do the bathroom while Paul went to finish up the Living room. He could see Beth from where he was. Just looking at her bending over and cleaning the bath tub made his cock just jump in his short. Poor Paul started to get hornier by the moment. Finally she stood up and he looked away and started dusting the living room table off. But he could not get her body out of his mind he had these thought of him and her doing it in every room of his apartment, on the floors and bed, counters table. Any where he could think of, his thoughts were broken when she called him.

“Paul?? Do you have any Cleaner for the tub?”

“Yeah! Under the sink!” he yelled back. Paul could not go in there in the state of his shorts. So he just kept working listening to the music as it played and trying to think of anything else but her, and what he wanted to do to her over and Over and over again.

Beth Sprayed the tub and the walls down with cleaner, she was not looking to get them spotless but it would be clean enough for his mom’s liking. Poor guy he worked hard all week and now to have to do this. She felt sorry for him. She was sure that if his mother knew how hard he worked she would not have minded the house being disheveled. Beth went into the Computer room and just tidied up while the cleaner sat for a few minutes. Then about 10 or so minutes she went back in and started to wash down the tub. She got in to the tub to wash off the walls. Paul pasted the bathroom and saw her in there cleaning. All of a sudden he got one of those classic bad boy grins and went into the bathroom as quiet as could be and reached up and toot he shower head and aimed it right at Beths back.

She squealed loudly as the cold water hit her back. Instinctively she turned to try and avoid getting soaked but it was too late.

Paul’s eyes became glued on her water soaked Tank top. Damm her breast were just the right size. Soft firm globes a sweet flesh; Paul could not help but stare.

“PAUL!” she screamed and moved the shower head from his hands. “What in the fucken HELL?” In the split second she looked at him through watery eyes and noticed where he was staring. Beth was about to scold him but a better idea came to mind. She looked at him then slowly reached for the hem of her tank top and pulled it over her head and then dropped it out side the shower, Paul’s eyes looked up her chest to her throat and then into those dark sexy pools she called eyes.

He got this grin on his lips as if he was a wolf ready to pounce on some unsuspecting prey. Paul traced the sweet mounds of her breasts with his eyes. They were confined behind this cream colored lace of her bra. He could clearly see the darker skin of her nipples as they poked out between the weave of the lacing of the bra cups. All Paul wanted to do was free them from their confines and suck gently on each nipple till it was so hard they ached. Beth took a few steps forward and adjusted the water with the hot water knob. The water started to steam. She grabbed his hand and pulled him in to the tub with her with out a word.

Paul stepped into the tub and looked down at her. Yeah he was 6’ 3 an sheer muscle and he was a fine looking 25 yr old guy. 

“I’m sorry he said”

“No your not don’t lie.” she chuckled.

“Alright. I have this incredible need and desire to fuck you right here” he told her.

‘Oh? And Just how long have you been wanting to Fuck me?” she asked him as her hands caressed the bareness of his arms and shoulders.

“Months now really, well honestly ever since I saw you move in last summer really. “ He could feel his throat get dry. She was such a piece of work even for a woman in her 30’s. She made his mouth water with desires of lust. All he could think about was that he wished his mother would just decided not to show up and he could fuck Beth all night.

Beth looked at him then reached out for his hands and put them to rest squarely on her water soaked breast. “You can touch I wont bite Paul” she said just barely over the sound of the water.

Paul felt the warmth of her flesh under the palms of his huge hands, they felt just like he thought soft firm and wonderful. His hands moved over the nipples slowly feeling the hard peaks graze his palms. Just the thought made his cock get even harder then it already was.

Slowly his hands moved up to the straps of the lacey bra and pushed them down off her shoulders just till the lace started to fold over onto itself exposing the upper roundness of her breast.

Paul leaned down and began kissing her neck and her shoulders. She smelled of roses and honey. He could almost taste her. His hands caressed the warm tanned skin slowly reaching back to unhook the back of her bra to let the pent up beauties out of their cages. She did not stop him from what he wanted to do. She closed her eyes the feel of his lips on her skin was like jolts. It had been over 3 yrs since Beth had been with a guy. She was busy with work and such, and well all the men she had met of late were creeps. One night stands which she was not interested in at all.

Paul could hear her sigh softly as her breath caresses his wet skin. His brain was flooded with images of her and him self locked in some hot heated embrace in the shower or bed, or any where really. Just as he began to kiss her aching breast his phone rang.

He did not stop his lips travels, all he wanted at this moment was to forget the outside world and to wrap his hungry mouth over those stone hard nipples and suck and kiss and lick them till she moaned with deep passion. But that was not to be as his answering machine failed to pick up.

Disgruntled Paul left the shower dripping water all over the place and then grabbed up the receiver.

“HELLO?!” he spouted.

Well while Paul was on the phone Beth took off the rest of her clothing and laid it in a heap outside the shower.. She reached out and turned out the lights and then she got an evil smile to her naturally red lips. Beth was not one to wear much makeup at all even if she needed it, which she didn’t her beauty at least in her opinion was just well average. But those around her found her beauty something nice to look at.

While Paul talked away she began to take a shower. Wouldn’t he get a surprise when he got back to find a naked woman in his shower, when all he was expecting was to be able to lavish his mouths attention on her tits.

When he came in the lights were off and the water was still running. There was light still enough to see.

“Beth?” he said. All he could hear was a soft moan coming from the shower. Well at least she had not left. The next thing he knew was her hand grabbing him and yanking him into the shower with him.

Paul stumbled into the shower but what he saw was not what he was expecting. There she was totally naked. His eyes caught the long shape of her legs. It was as if he started at her ankles and slowly moved his gaze up her legs to her thighs. Then his eyes were fixed upon the perfect V shape where her hips and thighs came to meet. The he found that the woman was clean shaven and he could see the water trickling over that perfect slope of her body where every curve trickled with water. Paul just let his eyes stay locked for what seemed forever but it was more like a second or two till a finger caressed under is chin and lifted his head angle up further. As he gazed upwards he saw soap bubble rivers caressing that flesh of hers. How he wanted to be those bubbles. Then there to his gaze were those fleshy mounds. He righted himself on his knees in the shower, his hands ran up the length of her body, up her back over her hips and ribs till the groped gently at her breasts.

He heard her breath and her chest heaved in his hands as he gentle massaged the soap into her flesh.

Beth looked down at him. And smiled then leaned her head back and let the hot water soak her thick locks of hair. Paul slowly stood up, Beth looked at him and smiled. Her own hands began to roam. But she was a bit more set on one thing and that was to show this guy how the feel of a good seduction was supposed to feel and be like. As her hand found the soaked material of his shorts her fingers slid into the waist band and slowly started to tug it away from his toned body.

“These are wet and you should get out f them before you catch your death “she teases as she started to push them down. They feel into a wet heap at his feet. Her hands massaged his thighs and then found the raging hard-on he was sporting. Slowly she stroked him, she heard him moan. She smiled up at him and close slowly back up her body pressing to his.

“Paul? What would you like right this second?” She asked him..

“You, my cock buried in you” His eyes opened wider what had he just said to her?

“Oh Beth I am so sorry. I did not.” he words were cut short with her lips pressed to his in a heated kiss as she had slowly made her way up his body leaving her soapy slick body to run up his, teasing him tormenting him with the sweet pleasure of her flesh to his.

She was gonna give him just what he wanted. After their lips kissed and their tongues danced in each others mouths she slowly turned in his soapy grasp. The roundness of her ass pressed into the stiffness of his throbbing cock. She pressed against him deliberately teasing him. Her hot soapy skin rubbed against his and her hips moved slightly to his. Her torso bent slightly forward leaving her exposed; she looked over her shoulder at him and smiled.

“Well go on slide that hard cock into me and fuck me like you want.” Beth did not mix words she said exactly what he wanted to hear and exactly what she wanted to say.

How could he resist such and invitation as that Paul came up behind her closer and slowly slid his cock into her wet depths till he was sunk fully into her with out much resistance between her own juices and the soapy water his cock found it easy to delve into the hot, tight shaved pussy she had invited him into. He closed his eyes and groaned in pleasure as he felt his cock totally surround by the tight muscles of her pussy, it was a piece of heaven he thought.

Beth leaned her head back her wet hair sticking to her moist yet soapy body as she let out a sound that was a cross between a purr and a moan as she felt him fill her wet hot aching cavern with his hardness. He groan more as his cock sank in deeper until he was a far into her as he could get right now, slowly his hips started to move. Back and forth rubbing against her ass as he pushed his cock right up to his balls into her, he could feel her pushing back to meet his pumping action. The water cascade down her back and over her hot tight ass leaving them to make a squishing sound as they rocked against each other, she could feel the water slashing against her pussy as he pushed his hard length into her.

Beth’s nails could be heard scraping on the tiles inside the shower as her eyes drifted closed and she let her body get into the grinding rhythm of their lust.

Her moans became louder as they moved a bit faster. Her breaths were becoming pants, he could tell her arousal was getting more and more intense Paul felt her hips bucking to his ever thrust, that went deeper into her excepting passage. Every move of her hips made her muscles clinched around his slippery pulsing manhood making him push a bit more into her soaked depths.

Paul grabbed her in a tight grasp at her rounded supple hips pulling her back onto his ridged cock, plowing her with a deep hard thrust, a loud groan came form deep inside his throat as he ground his hips to her round tight ass, loving the feel of her pussy as her muscles just flinched around him tightly. Beth let out a whimper of total pleasure as he grabbed her and plowed himself so deeply into her that she could feel his balls rubbing to the soft curve of her ass as she was slightly bent forward. The water beating on their skin as the sound of slapping flesh echoed with the sounds of splashing water. 

“Yes.. Paul..don..t stop.” She purred as she pushed back onto him. Paul’s hand slid around to the front of her hot wet body and grasped her right breast gently, letting his fingers play with the hard nipple that it found caressing pulling slightly pinching it tenderly as not to hurt her but to send a wave of pleasure coursing through her sensual body, and it did just that as he could feel her spasm some as he pulled out of her drenched slit. Only to make him hunger to just slide quickly back in, in hope of finding her pussy stretching to encompass his stiffened shaft. He was not disappointed as she felt like a hot velvet glove receiving the hand it was meant fore. Paul threw his head back shoving his hips forward as he pulled her back both bodies locked together in their fevered pitch.

She moaned even louder, suddenly he could feel her begin to thrash a bit more wildly to him her pussy grabbing his cock milking him with a bit more need.

Her chest heaved in his teasing grasp, her hips slammed back to his in hopes of driving him deeper into her aching pussy. 

Her voice shook as she felt that hot piercing burning that bit in the deepest part of her being. Paul’s hand moved down over the flat of her stomach and slide between her spread thighs and caressed the tender flesh of her clit sending her reeling back.

“mmmm yes, that’s it Beth fuck me hard. I want to feel your pussy just explode around my hard cock. I want to feel you cum with me baby. Yes that’s it. God you feel so good so tight.” He moaned in her ear softly while his fingers rubbed and gently pinched her clit taking her to the next closer step to cummimg. Paul himself was close as well her pussy massaging his cock with ever stroke, while he fought the urge to just fill her with his hot thick cum. But both were so close.

She panted wildly like some cougar having run in the forest after being chased. 

“Beg for it Beth please I want to hear your voice begging me to cum in you. Tell me you want it” came his words against her ear as he gently bit the long slope of her graceful neck.

“Yessssss… dam it yes! Please! Cum in me Paul I want it and you so badly, I want it!” she cried out over the sounds of the running water. That was all it took for him to be pushed over the edge. He thrust once more into her as deep as he could get holding her with one large hand while the other was playing with her clit still driving her to a fevered pitch. His cock just exploded hard inside her sending her into a screaming fit of pleasure. She screamed as her climax went raging through her like the rage of an over flooded river. Her body spasmed, her muscled contracted around his throbbing cock was caught deep inside her juices washed over him in a hot flood that he felt as she came. Hard and fast it hit them both leaving them drained of much of what drove them to this place and time.

Paul held her close kissing her neck moaning softly to her skin.

‘Mm that was the best shower I have ever had Beth” his words were soft and true he had enjoyed ever minute of it.

“Its been the best day of house cleaning, I’ll not for get it any time soon” she panted to him. 

Both knew they had to really wash up as his mother would be there soon. Reluctantly the showered and stepped from the tub. Beth’s clothing in a wet heap on the floor. She wrapped a towel around her body and kissed him before leaving.

“You’ll have to cum up and get it later” was all she said as she gracefully walked out of the bathroom. Paul grabbed her arm and pulled her to his hard body.

“I’ll cum alright Beth and I promise so will you over and over again screaming and begging for more.” He kissed her hard and deep, he had fantasized about her for so long he was not going to just let her walk off with out even thinking of doing what he wanted to do for so long. Maybe this was the beginning of something they both would carry on for a long long time.