 When one door closes...Try the window.

The clatter of Benson's claws echoed as he galumphed up the hallway heading for the bedroom at the front of the house. 

Every morning at six thirty Jake was assisted from his slumber by his beagle. It had become a morning ritual and normally Jake didn't mind as he was off to work anyway. Since his retrenchment it was more of an annoyance but Benson's enthusiasm outweighed the irritation as they had a quick wrestle. 

'Come on Ben, let's get some breakfast.' Jake said and he turned and sat on the edge of his bed allowing his head to clear. Benson leapt from the bed his nails again clattering as he eagerly returned down the hallway.

Jake eventually followed and entered the sunlit kitchen with Benson energetically waging his tail as he sat at his empty bowl.

'Here you go.' He said as he filled the bowl with Benson's favourite dry food. 'We may have to go back to cheaper stuff soon.' 

Benson gobbled down his food, ignoring Jake comment. Jake was only joking anyway. He was not exactly destitute. After working for a company for eighteen years and being retrenched from a senior position, entitles you to a hefting payout. 

Jake was still pissed though as he again pondered his unemployment. He liked his job. He had started work at sixteen as a trade assistant and worked his way up the ladder to finish as the Director of Operations.

Jake slumped into a chair as he pondered his future. He was still pissed off about being walked out with no notice. 'I hope the company goes under. Arseholes!' he said to Benson who blankly looked at him. 'I believe I may be slipping into a non-productive area of thought. What should I do from here? What do you think boy?'

Benson simply continued to wag his tail, thumping the kitchen cabinet as he did. 'Perhaps I should work off some of this anger first before I contemplate my future.'

Jake came to a stop in front of Bennet's gym and looked at his time on his watch. The gym was roughly five kilometres from his house so he would jog to and from the gym. 'You're getting slow buddy,' he said to himself as he pushed open the door and passed the counter politely acknowledging the staff as he did. 

'Hello Jeff. Hello Belinda.' 

Jeff nodded back courteously but Belinda excitedly replied. 'Hi Jake. Great to see you again.' 

Belinda was a petite girl in her early twenties. She had short dark hair and was barely five foot tall. Her diminutive stature only accentuated her large natural breasts. Jake stopped to chat with her as her breasts were supported by the counter as she leant against it. 

She always wore a tiny singlet and as Jake spoke with her he enjoyed the view of her breasts. She was a girl with an exaggerated effervescent personality. Everything was just super. He thought how annoying that would become if you had to put up with it all day and looked over at Jeff and they smiled as though they secretly agreed as she continued to prattle on about something inconsequential. Jake felt a tinge of guilt as he took another look at her superb breasts before he made an excuse and heading straight to the weight room he began his workout. 

The gym was almost completely empty. Jake was normally at work at this hour, as was most of the other members he figured. 

His workout was interrupted by the approach of the Gym manager. 'Hello Jenny.' He said as he sat up on the bench.

'Good morning Jake. I don't normally see you at this hour of the day.' 

'I have a bit more time on my hands these days.' He said. He was still uneasy about discussing his retrenchment. It was still a little raw so he avoided giving her the detail.

Jenny Bennet was in her mid-thirties and barely had any body fat on her muscular body. Her dark hair was worn in a single braid that came to the small of her back. The Lycra shorts she wore displayed a distinct camel toe and her sports crop top straps struggled to contain her large silicon breasts. 

Jenny's camel toe and breasts were a constant discussion point in the change room and Jake suspected she enjoyed the attention as she made no attempt to hide them. The guys would make lewd comments about how they would like to fuck her. The usual male bravado, but he suspected they would be like a deer in headlights if they ever came face to face with Jenny's breasts. Jake himself had to admit he found her to be an imposing figure.

She sat down next to him and took a deep breath through her nose as she leant in close, smelling his musky odour. 'Does that mean I'll get to see a lot more of you,' she said as she ran her hand up his sweaty leg.

'I suppose,' he replied cautiously as he watched her smell his scent again and he thought he heard her purr.

'You must see me before you leave.' Jenny said as she suddenly stood. Her camel toe now mere inches from his face.

'I'll just finish my set, a quick shower and see you in your office. In fifteen?' Jake said.

'No. No shower I need to see you urgently.' She said again raising her hand to her nose. 'I don't think I... I mean, I don't think it, can wait.'

'I'll just finish my set.' Jake said as she walked away, leaving him to contemplate why she needed to see him so urgently. 'I think my account is up to date.' He thought as he watched her firm arse disappear around the corner.

Jake knocked on her office door and slowly swung it open. 'Hello,' he said as he entered, finding the office empty. He was about to turn and leave when he heard her call from the other room. 'I'm in here, Jake. Come here you can spot me.' 

Jake entered the room and found she had her own private gym. Jenny obviously preferred to workout in private. 

He found out why as he approached. She lay on the weight bench, naked. Jake hesitated but Jenny quickly called him over showing no embarrassment or modesty.

'I like to work out naked.' Jenny said frankly, noticing Jake confusion. 'Come here and give me a hand, will you.'

Jake took up a position behind the bench as she began to bench press an impressive weight. 

He took the opportunity to scrutinize Jenny's naked body as she continued her workout. He had always noticed her orange tinged tan but it appeared to be more conspicuous as she lay naked. Her large breasts contracting with each thrust, highlighting the silicon implants. He noticed she was also completely hairless as his examination move down her muscular body. He did not find it overly attractive but admired her dedication to achieve such a toned muscular body. His gaze paused as he took in her pussy. Her clit poking out from her meaty pussy lips like a turtles head. This was not a sensual pussy but he found himself mesmerised and unable to look away as he felt his cock begin to harden. 

When he did eventually look away he found Jenny grinning up at him. 'Like what you see.' She said, noticing his shorts tenting. 'I've worked hard to get this body. I'm glad you approve,' and she reached her hand up his short leg and firmly grabbed his now hard cock.

'I love the smell of a sweaty man. The scent make me so fucking horny.' She said as she sat up and spun around to face Jake. 'When I sat next to you in the gym, earlier, your musky scent filling my nostril, I wanted to fuck you right there. Fuck me Jake. Fuck me hard.' She said as she pulled his shorts down and took his entire length in her mouth.

Jake was slightly shocked at Jenny's brazenness but having his cock deep down her throat quickly obliterated any reluctance and he placed his hands on the back of her head, helping to fuck her face. Jenny took his cock like a woman possessed, his cock hitting the back of her throat. Her tongue working the underside of his cock. She abruptly pulled back, removing Jake's cock from her mouth with a pop and ordered him to the floor.

Jenny then lowered herself onto his stiff cock, riding him aggressively as she bounced up and down, her breasts swaying erratically. Jake had always been one to take the lead during his lovemaking but this wasn't lovemaking. This was a straight out fuck. She was using him to fulfil her own carnal urges.

Jenny grunted as she now ground her pussy back and forth on his cock, her strong arms gripping Jake's upper arms as though she feared he might try to get away. When she again began to bounce on his cock, her grunts grew louder. Jake felt her slam her pussy into his pelvis his arse pressed hard against the floor. He found her carnal aggression arousing as he too began to grunt as he met her thrusts. He felt his orgasm approaching and his grunts grew more intense. 

'Not yet mister!' she ordered as she sharply lifted herself from his cock. His erection slapping against his stomach as she abruptly stood. Sitting on the edge of the bench, she said. 'Jenny wants some tongue.' It was said more as an order, and she spread her pussy to reveal the largest clit Jake had ever seen.

Dropping to his knees he paused, taking in her pussy. She had large meaty pussy lips, which she now was holding apart, revealing her enormous clit. Jake hesitantly ran his tongue across her cunt and then to her clit and a string of expletives filled the room.

Jake continued slowly worked her clit and occasionally slipping his tongue into her pussy. Her moans grew and grew as she approached orgasm. Her hand now pressing Jake's face, hard into her cunt. 

'Yes, yes. Suck my cunt,' she screamed and Jake complied sucking and flicking her enormous clit as she now had her legs locked around his head. 'YES. SUCK IT!'

Jake unrelentingly serviced her clit and never backed off even as Jenny orgasmed with tremendous force. His face mashed into her cunt as her legs locked harder around his head with vice like strength.

Thankfully her grip released and Jake took a deep breath. His first in some time. Jenny stood and knelt on the bench and gripped either side. 'Come on fuck me.' She ordered. 'Fill my cunt.'

Jake again dutifully complied and slipped his cock into her eager pussy. Grabbing her hips, he began to thrush his cock into her cunt. Her pelvic muscles contracting, gripped his dick.

'Harder Jake. Fuck me harder.'

Jake gripped her hips harder and rammed his cock into her. His balls slapping audibly as he did. Again she screamed. 'HARDER. HARDER,' and she slapped herself own arse. 'Spank me Jake!'

Jake released his grip and smacked her on the left cheek as he now thrust his cock with all him might as he grunted and felt his orgasm approach. 

'Harder Jake!' she ordered and he again smacked her with all his force and Jenny again gripped his cock and he roared as he emptied his balls into her cunt. Thrusting hard as the last of his load filled her pussy. 

Jake braced himself against her as he waited for strength to return to his legs and he allowed his spent cock to slip from her pussy, cum dripping from the tip. He was left panting as he tried to catch his breath.

'Now that beats any cardio workout I've done here before.' He said.

Jake stood in the shower, his head lowered as he leant against the tiled wall. The water cascade down his body as he recalled his earlier encounter with Jenny. His cock again beginning to swell at the thought. 

He had tried to run home as he usually would but found his legs too weak and had actually called a taxi. 'I think I'm getting old.' He muttered. 'I did fuck her hard.' As he laughed to himself he added 'Actually I think she fucked me. I wonder how many guys have enjoyed that special workout.' And he gave his dick another wash. 

Stepping out of the shower he dried off and went into the kitchen and opened the paper to the classified section. 'Let's see if there are any jobs out there.' He said to Benson as he trotted in and took a seat next to him.

After quickly scanning the entries he paused and looked to the ceiling. 'You know what, Ben. All I know is I never want to work for the man again.' 

Benson just wagged his tail as Jake scratched him behind his ear and he threw the paper onto the table.

'The world is my oyster,' he announced and lent back in the chair and his mind went blank.

'Maybe I should clean out the gutters. I've been meaning to do that for ages.' To which Benson gave a soft 'woof'. 

'Yeah, yeah. I'll sort it out later. What's the rush?' Jake knew he was procrastinating. 'Something will come up. It always did.' 

Standing at the top of the ladder afforded Jake a view up and down the street but the item of interest was the guttering running along the length of the house. He paused as he took in the entire length of the guttering and gave a slight sigh. 'Oh well not going to get done by just looking at it.' He muttered and began to scoop out the build-up of sludge and leaves, throwing them onto his front lawn.

'Hello Margaret,' Jake said as he noticed his neighbour hop out of the front seat of an Austin Martin. 

'Hello Jake, This is my friend Victoria Anderson.' Margaret said as she introduced an immaculately dressed women that he guessed was about forty. She appeared to be a bit prissy. Her blonde hair perfectly groomed with not a hair out of place.

Benson ran over to the fence and gave a soft bark and excitedly wagged his tail.

'Yes hello Benson.' Margaret added.

'Hello Victoria. Nice to meet you.' Jake said, 'and that is Benson.' 

'Hello Jake, she replied and added in her best baby talk, 'and hello Benson. Nice to meet the two of you.' 

'Would you like to come in for a coffee, Jake?' Margaret asked.

Jake just smiled, 'thankyou but I better get this done. Tempted as I am, I've been putting it off for too long.'

'Maybe next time.' Victoria said as she have Jake an easy natured smile.

'Definitely,' Jake said and returned to his task as they went into her house. 'Maybe she's not as prissy as I thought.' He pondered as they disappeared through her front door and he pulled out another handful of sludge.

Stepping off the bottom rung of his ladder Jake noticed Victoria leaving the house.

'I wish I had someone like you to do some work around the house.' Victoria said as she came over and rested her arms on the fence. 'I see Benson is worn out.' She added observing Benson lying on his back in the shade of a tree.'

'Yeah. Poor thing's just plum tuckered out.' Jake said coming over to meet her at the fence.

'It's not easy scratching yourself and being a guard dog.' She chuckled and added, 'By the way, I would pay you for your work.'

'I don't know.' Jake said modestly. 'I'm not a tradesman or anything.'

'I only need some basic stuff done. Think about it. You'd be doing me a big favour. If you change your mind call me.' She said and then took his hand, pulled out a Monte Blanc pen and wrote her number on his hand and Jake received a whiff of her musky perfumes. Her hands were warm and soft. Now up close he noticed she wore no makeup. She was naturally attractive woman.

Once finished, she gave him an intense stare, 'You know, every woman needs a strong man around the house from time to time.' 

She then abruptly released his hand and turned, Jake watched her shapely figure as she walked to the car and hopped in. He again looked at his hand and then watched as she drove off with a quick toot and he heard the throaty sound of the engine disappear down the road.

Jake knocked on Margaret's door and stood back just idly looking around the neighbourhood. Mrs Gunderson was walking her dog, so he waved as she passed. He knocked again, with no answer he again knocked, a little harder this time and called out. He was certain she was home. He contemplated heading home and trying later but thought 'Maybe she's out the back.' 

Hopping off the porch, he made for the side gate. Rounding the back of the house he found Margaret lying on a sunlounge on her deck. Well he assumed it was her as he only could make out her legs from his angle.

'Hello Margaret. Sorry to intrude.' He said announcing himself.

'Oh, Hello Jake,' she said, 'you're not intruding. Come on over.'

Jake jumped up onto the deck. 'Oh, jeez. I'm sorry.' He found her sun bathing naked and quickly turned away. 

'It's quite alright.' Margaret said, showing no sign of embarrassment. 'What can I do for you?'

Jake remained with his back to her, 'I was after Victoria's number. She wanted some work done at her house but I lost the number. Would you have it?'

'Jake, for Christ sake turn around. I'm not going to talk to your back.'

'It's just I... your husband and I are friends. It's... you know... you're his wife.'

'Jake don't you like what you see?'

He cautiously turned, 'no it's not that. You look great.' Jake blurted out, then suddenly feeling embarrassed, feeling his face go warm. 'I mean...'

'Thankyou Jake. I know what you mean. Let me get my phone.' She said and walked into the house.

Jake watched as she walked away. Her firm tanned bottom swaying as she walked. 'Stop it Jake,' he thought. 'This is your friend's wife.'

'Here we go.' Margaret said as she returned studying the screen of her phone.

Jake took the opportunity to sneak another look at her firm body with large breasts, which he noticed sagged slightly and slowly swayed as she walked. Her dark hair falling freely across her shoulders with no tan lines what so ever. Her pussy was trimmed into a small triangular patch above a plump hairless lips.

Margaret looked up from her phone as Jake was caught perving on her pussy. She smiled at Jake's obvious embarrassment of being caught and his face went a deeper shade of red. 'Got a pen Jake?'

Jake fumbled in his pocket and pulled out a pencil and paper and readied himself to write down the number. 'Good to go.'

He diligently copied down the number and slipped it back into his pocket. 'Thanks for the number Margaret.' Jake said and fought the urge to look her up and down again.

'Please call me Madge.'

'Okay Madge.' Jake smiled. Jake was beginning to relax a little. The awkwardness was dissipating with Madge's relaxed attitude. He was just grateful he was not sporting an erection.

'Are you on holidays or something? I don't normally see you around during the day.'

'I got...' Jake paused. 'Retrenched.' This was the first time he had verbalised his situation to anyone. It somehow felt good to say it out loud. 

'I'm sorry to hear that. Are you okay. Do you need any money or anything?'

'No I'm fine.'

'Now don't be one of those proud arseholes who refuse to ask for help. I thought with you looking at doing some work for Victoria.'

'No, really it's all good. This work at Victoria's is just to keep myself busy. I got a great payout.'

'Maybe I should hit you up for a loan.' She laughed.

Jake found it soothing to talk to someone about his circumstance and felt a weight lift. 'Thanks for the chat, Madge. I better get going and leave you to your sun.'

'That's okay. Drop over anytime. If you need to talk. Clothing optional.' 

'Thanks, I'll catch you later.' He stood and took one last look at Madge before heading back up the side of the house. Smiling as he went. The image of her naked permanently etched into his mind.

Jake looked around Victoria's front yard as he walked up the path. It showed signs of neglect but he could see the grandeur of the yard if it was properly maintained.

He stepped up to a pair of large oak door and heard the bong of the doorbell. Taking a step back he craned his neck taking in the grandeur of the residence. He almost expected a butler to answer the door but instead was greeted by Victoria wearing a pale pink tracksuit with a sparkly 'V' over her left breast.

'Good morning Mrs Anderson.' Jake said in his best professional voice. He figured if this was to be his future vocation he should start in a professional manner. He wore Khaki shorts and a matching shirt, freshly purchased for the occasion.

'Now you cut that out. Call me Victoria. Please come in.'

Jake stepped into the coolness of a large marble entry hall. A set of stairs curved up from the left to the second floor and a view of the pool area could be seen via a wide hall traversing then length of the house.
