 It seemed like a pretty typical relaxing winter Saturday. I got to sleep in a little, took my time getting showered and dressed, and I even helped the wife make a late breakfast at lunchtime. I then helped clean up the kitchen a bit, sorted some dirty laundry, and even vacuumed the carpeted floors. I liked these relaxing afternoons at home with the wife and kids with no early-morning sports to rush too, but they had become few and far between as the kids had gotten older.

I knew I had plans later in the evening, stopping by my buddy's house for some dinner and video game action with several other guys. We scheduled these nights pretty regularly during the winter, since we knew there would be no time for such comradery once the weather was nice outside and our time was consumed by family activities and house maintenance. The wife knew I had these plans and was happy to take advantage of my time at home a bit more than usual. The conversation flowed easily and we seemed to smile and laugh a bit easier than we had during the week. She told me she would take the kids out for dinner, probably just to the food court at the mall. 

The afternoon went by easily, and I couldn't help but notice that she was in a particularly good mood, happier than she had been in several weeks. Despite this, I casually thought nothing of it and just attributed it to the relaxed schedule of the day. As often happens on days like this, I found myself alone with my wife in our room later in the afternoon, sorting and putting away some laundry. Then it hit me like it always does. I looked at her smiling face and enjoyed her clean smell and appreciated the simple athletic clothing hugging her curves, and that familiar stir in my groin began. There was nothing I could do, this woman just turns me on. After just a minute, there was a distinct bulge that had become apparent in the front of my loose-fitting athletic pants.

She turned away from the baskets and bent down to put some clothes in the bottom drawer. She bent more at the waist then at the knees, facing away from me. Was she doing this on purpose? She knows how much I love the way her legs and ass look when she wears these tight pants; she had to be doing this on purpose. Without thinking, I stepped up behind her and lightly rubbed her hips as I pressed myself into her backside. She continued arranging something in the bottom drawer for a few seconds, and shifted her hips from side to side ever so slightly as she did. Now I knew she had to be doing this tease me. Finally she stood up and nonchalantly walked back to the basket for an armload of clean shirts. Sadly these were in a much higher drawer.

I stepped back away from the dressers a step or two, and again she turned back to the baskets. She glanced at the now very significant tent in the front of my pants, as they and my boxers offered little resistance to my stiffening cock. She giggled, then said "Putting away laundry getting you aroused today? Maybe I should just have you do all the laundry from now on!" 

I retorted quickly "You know it's not the laundry, it's that sexy ass of yours in those tight pants that you were just rubbing on my dick that have my blood flowing." 

She laughed it off; "Who me? I'm just lounging and putting laundry away, I'm not doing anything..." And with that she walked by me and down the hallway, making sure to graze her hand over my erection as she left.

Now I was flustered. I hated going out when I was blue-balled like this. But with the kids home, I figured there was no way she would offer me any sort of release or sexual activity. My mind schemed and plotted numerous scenarios that involved her helping me get off before I had to leave in another thirty minutes or so. I walked out to the kitchen where she was grabbing a coke from the fridge, and, after making sure there were no kids watching, stepped up behind her. I pressed gently into her, ensuring she could feel my still bulging cock, and slid a hand around her hips and right to the front of her panties, and rubbed gently. "I want you, I need you. Don't make me leave blue-balled like this, help me out a bit; I promise to make it worth your while. Heck I'll even make sure you don't have to cook or cleanup all week." I knew how much she disliked cooking, and how she disliked cleaning up after cooking even more. 

She pushed me back and closed the fridge, then turned to me. Glancing around to make sure there were no eyes peering in our direction, she stepped forward and firmly rubbed my cock with her free hand as she opened her drink and took a sip. "I don't think that's gonna be a possibility, not with these boys around today. Aw, poor baby, you're so horny and there is nothing you can do about it, you're just gonna have to go play some games with blue balls tonight, aren't you..." She took another sip and walked back down the hall to our room, looking back at me and smiling as she entered. 

This woman was driving me crazy. She knew how to tease me and turn me on, and she was damn good at it. Sometimes, she would do this to me for days; teasing me and getting me riled up when there was no opportunity for me to grab her from behind and plow my cock into her and fuck her good and hard like we both loved. 

I walked down the hall and into our room, closing the door quietly behind me. "Look here pal, surely you could help me out somehow, I really truly promise I will make it worth your while, I know you would enjoying not having to cook this week, help me out in some way and I will really make it up to you." I could tell I was begging, and I probably had a little bit of that big sad eye look to me as I pleaded my case to her. At this point I would be ecstatic if she offered to blow me or even just give me a hand job. Who was I kidding, the way she had my cock standing at attention and the blood coursing through my body, I would have been happy if she lightly touched my groin and balls while I jerked off and shot my load of cum into a towel.

She sat on the edge of the bed and pulled me close to her. She alternated between looking at the tent in my pants, now just inches from her face, and up to my pleading eyes. "What has you so excited, what has you so turned on right now?" she asked as innocently as she could. 

I thought for just a second and responded "Well I was really enjoying our relaxing morning and afternoon, and I really enjoyed just being around you, all happy and casual. And then I just started to lose it when you were putting your clothes away. I love the way your legs and ass look in those tight pants, and I just kinda let my mind wander a little after that."

"What else were you thinking about, you dirty dog?" she asked as she rubbed her hands slowly up and down the backs of my legs, ensuring I stood just inches from her and in between her slightly spread legs. 

I swallowed a little before I answered. Dare I admit to her that my mind had indeed wandered quite far as I was getting more and more turned on? Am I brave enough to tell her what thoughts had crossed my mind? "Well, to be honest, after you bent down and wiggled that ass in front of me, I was thinking about how much I love when I'm sitting on the edge of the bed, like you are now, and you face away from me and..." I paused, almost getting a little embarrassed as I played the scenario over in my mind again before I continued. "Well I thought about you riding my cock while facing away from me, how much I love sitting back and letting you get yourself off at your own pace. I don't think we've fucked like that in a couple years, and I miss it. That's what came across my mind after I started getting turned on." There, I admitted to her that my horny brain fantasized about some reverse cowgirl action just from the tiny trigger of seeing her bend over for a couple of seconds.

She smiled, almost as if she was contemplating something for a second or two. Suddenly, she brought her hands to the waist of my pants and pulled them and my boxers to my knees. She wrapped one hand around my very stiff cock and looked up at me with a mischievous look. "Would it be OK if I just give you a quick, wet, sloppy blowjob? We can't fuck with the kids lurking around the house. Would you like it if I sucked on your cock and made you cum?" She leaned forward and ever so lightly teased the exposed portion of my cock with the tip of her tongue. 

I nodded approvingly, and instinctively closed my eyes and leaned my head back, enjoying the pulsing grip of her hand on my shaft and the soft wet touch of her tongue. Without warning she released her grip on my cock, moved her hands to my ass, and pulled me into her. I could feel her tongue on the underside of my cock, her lips sealing my cock into her mouth. It was very rare that she would blow me, and I wasn't about to stop her. She slowly moved her head back and forth, taking my cock halfway into her mouth before slowly sliding it back out until just the engorged head was resting on her lips. After just a couple of minutes of this I could tell that it would not take me very long to cum, and I wondered if she would let me cum in her mouth or if she would pull back and make me shoot my load into a towel or something similar. I just hoped she wouldn't ruin my orgasm by stopping completely as my cock started to twitch in her mouth. She had done that a couple of times when she was feeling extra feisty and dominant, though it usually was followed by her making me watch her get herself off a couple of times until I was hard again and ready to fuck her.

"Mom! Mom!" The youngest yelled down the hallway, and she paused. We looked at each other, my cock still surrounded by her warm wet mouth, her tongue still teasing the head of my cock. "Mom, can my friends come in and play? And can we make some pizza rolls?" 

She smiled and pulled back, letting my cock exit her mouth with a barely audible 'pop'. "Sure honey" she yelled back through the door, "they can come over." She looked up at me and shrugged her shoulders; "Sorry baby, guess you'll just have to wait until some other time for me to finish." She pulled my boxers and pants up, making sure she paused just long enough to give my engorged cock a couple of quick squeezes before patting my waistbands back into place. She stood and kissed me; I could taste my cock on her lips, and she knew it. She kissed me passionately, pulling our bodies as close to each other as she possibly could, grinding her chest into mine and her groin onto my still fully erect cock.

"Well, back to mom-mode..." she said as she walked to the door and opened it, preparing herself to see just what our youngest had in mind for his friends. Mom-mode; the term we had come up with to describe how she could suppress any thoughts of intimacy with me when the kids were around or there were any household tasks that were waiting for her attention. Cats needing fed. Dishes left in the sink. The garbage overflowing when the oldest was neglecting his chores. All of the motherly tasks that she did every day. I thanked her often for how well she did all these chores without nagging me to help her more than I did, whether I had something else important to focus on or not. 

I quietly cursed my predicament as I patiently waited for my hardon to go away as her footsteps disappeared down the hallway. Her lips had felt so damn good on my cock, and I could feel several drips of precum mixed with her saliva now making their way onto my leg as my erection finally began to subside. I would be having dinner and playing games with the bluest of blue balls tonight, and I knew my thoughts would frequently be returning to this fresh episode as well as to my earlier thoughts.

A half hour later I found my wife in another room, silently engaged in something that was most likely for one of the kids. I walked up behind the chair she was in and rubbed her shoulders gently, and leaned down and whispered in her ear. "Thank you so much for earlier, you will most definitely be on my mind tonight! There is a nice big wet spot on my leg and my boxers are sticking to my leg now." 

She paused what she was doing and I could feel her shoulders relax and droop a little as she enjoyed what my hands were doing. After a few seconds she looked up at me and with a twinkle in her eye said in a quiet voice "I'm sorry I couldn't finish, but I like that you'll be thinking of me tonight. I hope you think about me sucking you off or riding you while you lay back on the bed, shooting your cum deep in my wet pussy." 

I dumbly blinked, not expecting a comment like this. "Trust me" I replied, "I will definitely have a hard time concentrating tonight, now that my cock is getting hard again and a second wet spot will soon be dripping down my leg. Boy oh boy, I love you; hope you have a good evening with the kids." 

She reached up and pulled my head close to her, and again kissed me with love and affection usually reserved for more intimate settings. My cock continued its resurgence as she lovingly pulled her hands off of my head and released our kiss. With a quick pat on the front of my pants she replied "You better not walk in there with that, you're just gonna have to try and think about something else for a little bit; now shoo and let me finish this." 

I turned towards the front door and, with flushed cheeks, hoped nobody was in the front room or the front yard. I hurried to the closet and pulled out a bigger jacket than what I normally would have, hopeful that the extra length would hide the tent once again present in my pants. I quickly made my way to my car, thankful that there was nobody who could see my awkward gait with my cock straining to push my pants further from my body. In the 10 minutes it took to get to my buddies house, my cock had almost returned to its normal flaccid state. 

I walked in and greeted the guys and quickly grabbed a beer from the fridge. Thankfully it was a good crowd tonight and the conversations focused on work and sports and the games being played. Nobody was bragging about how they got laid just before coming over and nobody seemed interested in discussing the 'hottie of the day' they may have spied on their phones.

About two hours later I was in the middle of a good game with one of the better players there, and I felt the familiar buzz of my phone in my pocket. Normally, I'm pretty good about responding to my messages right away, making sure I am not missing some important message from the kids. I knew my wife was home and that they were probably already at the mall, plus I was very interested in focusing on the game at hand, so I left the phone in my pocket for the time being. The game would be over in 20 minutes or so and I could respond then. Another 5 minutes went by and the phone buzzed again. I was in the lead in a tight game and not about to lose focus. Another 5 minutes, another couple vibrations tickled my thigh. OVERTIME! Of course, I blew a late lead and had to play the bonus period! I forgot about the waiting messages and focused intently on my game. Finally, I was victorious. I walked around getting the usual high-fives from my friends, enjoying the victory. Beating the top competition always felt good.

The couple of beers I had consumed so far forced me to head to the bathroom, where I noticed my boxers still sticking to my leg just a bit. All the memories of the day's earlier events rushed back into my mind and my cock twitched slightly in the cool air. I finished pulling my pants back up and washed my hands, and I remembered that my phone had some messages waiting for me. I dried my hands and pulled my phone out of my pocket. I had 5 messages from my wife waiting to be viewed. I nonchalantly opened the messaging app and prepared to leave the bathroom when I suddenly froze, leaving my other hand on the doorknob but without opening the door. 

There, on my screen, was a text message from my wife and 4 pictures. The message read "I missed you so I sent the kids to the mall on their own for dinner. Guess what I decided I wanted?" I scrolled a bit so the first picture filled my screen. My eyes felt like they bulged a little as I looked at my wife's stocking-clad legs extending away from the bottom of the screen, with one hand holding the base of her favorite dildo. You couldn't see, but it was clear she had most of that dildo inside of her.

I scrolled to the next picture. It was taken from the foot of the bed, as if she had propped up her phone and taken a video in order to get a screen capture. She was visible from the neck down, and she was wearing my favorite pink and black lace chemise, with the garters holding up the nude stockings. She stood at the end of the bed, and was squatting just a bit. I zoomed in just a little, and I clearly made out that she was sinking her ass onto her favorite toy. The bottom half of her red vibrator was visible and resting on the bed, but the flared top of it was clearly inserted into her beautiful ass. She also had a large realistic dildo lined up with her pussy, with several inches obviously plunged inside of her.

My hand slowly dropped from the doorknob and rested on the front of my pants, confirming that my cock had sprung to a near full erection in just seconds. My other hand clumsily scrolled the screen to the next picture. It was similar to the last one, only she was resting her ass on the edge of the bed and only the balls of the dildo were visible between her thighs. She was impaled to the hilt. She had surprised me by purchasing the rather large lifelike dildo some time ago. She brought it out every once in a while, but I typically only heard about it sometime after she had used it to get herself off when I wasn't around. Of course I would instantly get turned on beyond belief and I would have to fuck her right away. I could feel the difference, her vagina just couldn't squeeze my cock at all for a couple of days after she had used that dildo, and I loved how it felt mixed with the knowledge that she would always cum really hard on it. 

I scrolled to the last picture. It was simply the huge dildo placed on the end of the bed. The dildo was soaked, and it was laying on a large wet spot. She must have had a huge orgasm (or several). I was in disbelief, and stood there scrolling back through the pictures several times. My wife had sent the kids off to dinner so she could get herself off and tease me with the evidence. My heart was pounding and my cock was throbbing.

Without hesitation I left the bathroom, grabbed my jacket out of the closet, and walked out the door to the car. I started driving home, my mind going over the scenario my wife had just sent me glimpses of. I could picture her putting the lingerie on, slowly sliding the stockings up her legs, fastening them to the garters of the chemise. I could see her rubbing the vibrator over her damp pussy, getting it ready and pressing it against her tight little asshole. I could almost hear her moaning as she pushed down on the vibrator and dildo, simultaneously stretching both of her holes as she slowly lowered herself onto them. I could imagine the noises she made as she rode her toys on the end of the bed, right where I had imagined myself earlier in the day. 

I licked my lips as I raced home, wondering if she might still be in bed, wearing nothing but that soft pink lace and stockings, hoping I might get the hint and rush home and fuck her. Each stop sign seemed to take an eternity, and the speed limit made it feel like time nearly came to a halt. Finally I pulled into the driveway and quietly walked in the side door. My cock was straining at my boxers and my pulse felt like I was in the middle of a good workout.

I took about three steps into the house before I saw her. She was dressed in her favorite sweats, clearly ready to chill in the house for the rest of the evening. She walked across the kitchen before she noticed me. She stopped as if startled for a moment, then broke into a huge smile. "What are you doing here, you are supposed to be..." 
