 CiaoSteve reserves the right to be identified as the author of this work. 

This story cannot be published, as a whole or in part, without the express agreement of the author, other than the use of brief extracts as part of a story review. 

This is a work of fiction. The events described here are imaginary; the settings and characters are fictitious and are not intended to represent specific places or living persons. 

Author's Notes 

Foreword #1: All sexually active characters in this story are over 18. 

Foreword #2: This is a story and intended purely for pleasure. 

Foreword #3: Thank you so much to a fellow story lover, Renate, for the inspiration behind this tale. I do hope she enjoys it and relates to my interpretation of her ideas. 

Foreword #4: This is a fourth chapter in the "When the cat's away . . . " series. Although there is a little recap at the start, you may want to read the previous chapters to get up to speed with the story so far. 

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 

Claudia Leber was happily married, actually she still is happily married. Steffen was the love of her life, a giant of a man in all respects. For all Claudia was petite, Steffen was huge; in stature and in endowment. What's more, when Steffen decided he wanted something he usually got it, and whether she wanted to or not Claudia always came to enjoy it. The only problem though was that Steffen traveled. It wasn't just a little traveling. Steffen would go often and be away for weeks. Claudia though, the doting wife, just got on with life, disappointed yet waiting in anticipation for his return. 

It was on one such occasion that a casual invite to a Friday night drink introduced Claudia to Natalia, or Naty to her friends. It was just a chance encounter, or at least Claudia imagined it was just a chance encounter. It was though an encounter full of surprise, temptation, passion and satisfaction. Naty, the boss' wife, had touched all the right buttons and that chance encounter had become a night of wanton lesbian lust. 

For days afterwards, Claudia was trying hard to convince herself that it shouldn't have happened and wouldn't happen again. By now though it had happened twice more, once with a strap-on at the hotel and then that day in the office. Okay, so that day hadn't exactly been a day of wanton lesbian lust, but it had been just as exciting and probably had much more of an impact on Claudia's life. She got the exposure that had been promised, and with it came a new role in the business and a sumptuous black leather collar. 

She was no longer Claudia Leber, Accounts Controller. 

She was now Claudia Leber, Mistress Natalia's secret little slut. 

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 

So, here was the difference. It had only been a handful of days since that meeting in the boardroom, but I could think of nothing more than my new role working for Naty. She'd already told me it would take a while to put everything in place and that I should return to my current job for now. She'd made a big point of letting me know that I would be the first to hear when everything was ready. Even so, I couldn't bear it. I could feel the difference deep inside. Was it really worth calling a difference? To most, I guess not, but was I the same as most? 

I sat here, night after night, hoping to see the "you've got new mail" message appear on my inbox, or even the tell-tale ringtone of a new message on my mobile. I sat here, hoping, longing, yearning for my next invite. That was the difference. I now desired her contact and without it, life seemed just a little incomplete. Each night I would log on and stare at the screen hoping, beyond hope, that the next message would be there waiting for me or would even pop up in front of my eyes as I watched. 

That wasn't all though. On those evenings when Steffen was away, I would go one step further, imagining I was back in the arms of my lesbian lover. Alone in my bedroom, I'd sit there staring at the screen, dressed in nothing at all, bar for that little black collar. Eyes closed, I'd forget the disappointment of not having received any contact, and I would imagine that Naty was there with me in my private abode. 

Her expert fingers would run through my flame red bush before caressing my outer lips. I'd moan and slump backwards in the chair, allowing her free access to my inner most desires. I'd feel my juices seep, then flow, as those fingers eased me open, before working their magic on my hardening clit. A moaned gasp as they found their way up into my tight love canal was just the start of a passionate fingering. 

"Yes, Naty, yes!" I would scream as I came hard around my three fingers, juices now running down my crack and onto the chair seat. 

For those few minutes, it was like she was there in the room with me. It was more than a desire. I had to admit it, Naty or even Mistress Natalia had become a bit of an infatuation. Imagine how my heart missed a beat when several days later, having fingered myself to yet another hard climax with my virtual lover, I opened my eyes to see a mail staring back at me. I was like an excited child at Christmas as I opened it, taking off the imaginary envelope, eager to know just what was written inside. I read out loud. 

My dear little slut Claudia, 

It's been a while and I hope you've been missing me. Well, I want to set that straight. I have a cabin up in the lakes and I want you to join me for a weekend. Just the two of us for a weekend of fun. I do hope you can make it. I was thinking about the coming weekend (or would it be better to say the cumming weekend?). We'll go up on Friday, have a couple of nights as nature intended, and come back on the Sunday. 

RSVP to let me know you can make it. 

Mistress Natalia 

My heart skipped a beat. The weekend after next, it couldn't have been any better. Steffen was flying off on one of his business trips again so there would be no awkward questions to answer. I glanced at the calendar on my phone. Yes, he flew on the Thursday as Naty's invite was for the Friday. Again, what he didn't know about couldn't hurt him was the only thing I could think of. That and, how I would make it up to him when he got back. 

I was all fingers and thumbs as I bashed out a reply and finally hit send. I sat back in my chair and closed my eyes once more, dreaming about another encounter with my lesbian mistress. Today was Monday, so that left three sleeps before Steffen travelled and just one more before my secret rendezvous. I was already breathing deeply, fingers teasing my slick sex, when the sound of a new mail arriving broke me out of my wanton need. I glanced at the screen. It was from Naty and I just had to open it. Once more I read out loud. 

My dear little slut Claudia, 

I'm so happy you can make it. Seems perfect that Steffen will be away, as if it was meant to be. It's a wonderful place, totally off the beaten track and away from civilisation. Perfect for me to teach you all about your new role. Shall we say a chance for you to learn the ropes? Excited? I bet you are. I can already imagine how wet you're feeling. Am I wrong? 

Anyway, before you get too carried away, let me go through a few conditions. 

