 For a few weeks after my "incident" with Susie, I was gutted that I barely saw her. She would come and go as usual. But ever since our encounter she had been leaving for work before my girlfriend, Sal, and making sure that she didn't come back until after Sal was home.

Even when Susie did come home, she would spend most of the time in her room. She would always say hello to Sal, and give me a sarcastic smile (for a reason I had only recently discovered, Susie had found it necessary since the first time we met, to feign a hatred for me whenever Sal was around) before she would just go into her room, and be quiet for hours.

Of course, she knew what she was doing. Whilst Susie sat in the quiet of her room, she was well aware that I was out in the lounge, perched on the sofa, that very sofa where she had sucked me dry, cuddling into Sal, stroking her long blonde hair, and all I could think about was her.

Sal would kiss me and cuddle me, and smile at me, even try to talk to me. But I couldn't get the feeling out of my head. That feeling was the feeling of the flat of Susie's tongue caressing my hard cock in her mouth, and I would remember the feeling of the long intense vibration as she came with my cock in her mouth, moaning loudly. 

I had to shift in the seat on more than a few occasions, so Sal didn't feel the rising swell in my boxers as I thought about her hot friend's tongue. 

I started to wonder though if Susie really did still think about me, after a couple of weeks. The same routine continued almost nightly, and it became more and more puzzling. I mean, yeah at first I thought it was teasing and flirting, egging me on with promises of more...some day, but now...well now I started to wonder if it wasn't just out of embarrassment that Susie decided to stay in her room, and I felt a little guilty at that.

A full month passed, and Susie was spending less time in the flat. She kept giving me that intense stare with the sarcastic smile when I saw her, but a lot of the time she was drunk, and she would sneer at me, and mumble something indistinct under her breath.

One night, however, proved to be the major turning point in the battle for power, a battle that I didn't even know existed until that night. 

It was a dark evening in late October, and Sal had not long arrived home from the late shift at work (although you must remember my suspicions about where she really was when she was "late"). I had been home for a few hours and after we had eaten the dinner that I had prepared, she and I were sitting like any normal couple. This was when it happened. We were halfway though watching a movie on TV when I heard the front door swing open and clatter against the hallway wall. Sal, who was by now cuddling into my chest, turned and looked over her shoulder at me, and rolled her eyes,

"Here she is again, most likely totally plastered..." she chuckled.

"Yeah..." I started, but Susie had now burst into the living room. She was dressed in a low cut top, which I must admit was showing off her small breasts wonderfully, and a short, short skirt which allowed the curve and smoothness of her leg to bare to the whole world. Her hair was tied into pigtails and she was wearing just one shoe. She stopped as she saw us, flashed me that hugely sarcastic grin, and promptly dropped her handbag. As she bent down to pick it up I was sure I got a quick glimpse of thong, a suspicion which was confirmed when Sal's hand playfully connected with the back of my head, and she shot me a stern look.

Susie opened her bedroom door and almost fell in, before turning around, and exclaiming loudly,

"Oh yeah, I forgot, I've got company..." before she even finished her sentence I was sure I saw her eyes fix on mine, but as I looked her eyes darted back to the lounge door, where a tall guy had now entered the room. He was the sort of guy that Susie would normally associate herself with, the rugby playing type, rather than guys like me, who were more the drum playing kind of guys. The guy waved meekly at us, clearly embarrassed by how drunk his new acquaintance was.

"Oh yeah, we wont be too loud! Ha!" Susie exclaimed before pulling the guy into her room and slamming the door.

Sal and I got back to our movie, and I tried to concentrate on what was going on on the screen in front of me, but all I could think of was Susie. About 15 minutes later I thought I could hear some noises coming from her room, and so I gently pushed my ear against the wall, doing my best to make sure Sal didn't know what I was doing.

As soon as I did, I regretted it. Muffled gasps and moans were loudly coming from Susie's mouth, and I distinctly heard bed springs squeak as she shouted,

"Oh yeah baby, I love to ride you....Oh fuck yeah...deeper...deeper....Oh fuck Im gonna cum baby."

My regret changed into excitement as I realised I could hear almost everything that was going on in that room. I pushed my ear closer to the wall.

"Oooooooh baby, yes, yes! OOOOHHHHH!! Now...you...baby...cum...in...me!!"

I heard the guy groan a little and Susie told him not yet, she didn't want him to finish then. They were talking dirty to each other as I heard the bed springs relax, they were standing up. The voices got louder as they walked towards the wall I was listening to.

"So what now?" I heard the guy ask.

"Well...." I heard Susie say in her most innocent sounding voice, "...I want you to pin me up against the wall, and I want you to fuck me so very deep. I want you to fuck harder, and harder until you can't hold your cum any longer, and then I want you to spray that cum all over my tits, so I can massage it into my rock hard nipples and lick it off." There was a moment of silence before she spoke again,

"but now, lick me!"

They were now up against the other side of the wall, and within seconds I could hear Susie's sweet throat emitting groans and gasps. I couldn't help but wonder if this show wasn't for my benefit, and panicked in case Sal could hear it. I looked down at her and she was lying across my lap watching the film intently. I returned my ear to the wall in time to hear Susie's voice again.

"Oh baby, your tongue's so warm! I love it, lick me! Oh Yeah! Am I a bit wet? I thought so", she giggled in that same innocent voice as before.

The groaning continued for a few more minutes before I heard her gasping get louder

"OH! OH! Fuck me now baby! Just do it! Pin me against the wall."

I heard a small thud as doubtless, the guy had lifted Susie up against the wall. I heard her soft skin padding against the wall as he drove his dick into her, and I could hear their thighs slapping together for a few minutes. I strained to hear a little more and I thought I could hear the sound of his pulsating shaft embedding itself within the walls of Susie's sopping wet pussy. As the speed of this sound increased, and sounded more intense with every stroke, it was the guy's voice that became engrossed with the gasps,

"I'm gonna cum, Susie" he gasped.

"Do it baby! Do it!" I heard her exclaim as her feet hit the floor. He groaned and she said "Oooohh baby it's all so lovely and warm on my tits, oh it's making my nipples so hard! Mmmmmmm."

The thought of Susie drenched in cum was too much for me, and a raging jealousy washed over me. I knew that I should be the one in there with her, and I knew that this little audio show was purely for my benefit, and it made me feel angry. At the same time though, I felt my cock start to go rigid. I tried to hide it from Sal, terrified that she might know what was going on through in the other room, but she felt it, digging into her shoulder blade.

Sal looked over her shoulder at me. I smiled nervously, fearing the worst...but she just smiled at me and leaned forward, kissing me. 

"Come on then," she said, standing up from the sofa. Sal grabbed the front of my shirt and pulled me from the sofa and out of the lounge door. We ran to her bedroom, which shared a wall with Susie's and Sal slammed the door behind us. My mind raced as I thought of Susie again, and momentarily thought of saying no to Sal, but her body was smokin' hot, and we hadn't had sex in a few weeks with my mind otherwise occupied.

Before I knew what was happening though, a fantastic site was before me. Sal stood there in a black sheer bra through which I could see her now erect nipples. She also had on a tiny black thong, which was connected to her garter belt, holding up her stockings, nylon stockings which accentuated her luscious legs and led to the stripper heels that really topped off the outfit.

Does Sal dress like this for work? I wondered to myself momentarily, but she quickly snapped me back into reality, by kissing my neck as she slowly undid my belt and slid my trousers down. Our tongues met as I put my arms around Sal and caressed her back and slid my hands downwards to her thighs and ass, squeezing it lightly on my way up, causing Sal to giggle and jump a little.

The next move by Sal knocked all thoughts of Susie right out of my head though as she removed her bra, and the huge, globe-like breasts that I had almost forgotten spilled out in front of me. Sal's breasts were a 34E and never failed to amaze me. Her light pink nipples stuck straight out from her round, perfect areolas as I stared, and I felt that familiar tightening feeling in my boxers. 

Slowly striding towards me, she bit her bottom lip seductively, and then ran her tongue along her top lip. 

"Come on then baby," she said, as she took my hand and walked me toward the bed. We kissed again, and as we did we collapsed on to the bed. Her hand slowly reached down to my boxers, and stroked slowly at my shaft through the material of my boxers. I looked her in the eye as she did this and she took my hand in her other hand.

"Feel how wet I am..." she said.

I reached my hand inside her thong, and as I reached her shaven pussy lips I could feel how soft and moist she was. Her cum had already been flowing as I could feel the moisture that had spread onto her thong as the material brushed against the back of my fingers. I slid two fingers just into the entrance of her pussy, and Sal let out a little, involuntary,

"Oh!"

I smiled at her and sat up so that I could take her thong fully off. As I pulled it down past her knees, I kissed the soft white skin of her stomach, and moved up, licking her fully erect, pink nipples.

I threw Sal's underwear onto the floor, and I positioned myself between her legs. She lifted them slightly and bent them at the knees, inviting me in. Bending over, I kissed and licked the insides of her thighs, starting at the knee of her right leg and kissing all the way down...slowly...and then more slowly.

As I reached her hips I laid one kiss on her hips and then moved my lips toward her now aching pussy, longing for some stimulation. I moved my mouth closer, and breathed lightly on her pussy lips, making her wriggle slightly at the new sensation, before I moved away, kissing her from left hip, all the way up her left thigh, to the left knee...

I then lay flat on my stomach, positioned between Sal's legs. I now kissed her pussy lips ever so lightly, before running my tongue slowly up to her clit. She moaned slightly as I brushed over her clit softly for a while, before every so often I would nuzzle into it closely, and she would gasp at the shock and pleasure of it.

After a while I moved down started to lick her pussy lips again. I licked them from side-to-side, and from top-to bottom, getting faster as I went, and responding to the slow lifting and dropping of Sal's hips as she let me do whatever I pleased. I then slowly stuck my tongue as deep as I could into her pussy, and began licking her as deeply and quickly as I could.

This sudden shock, and speed sent Sal right over the edge, and she exclaimed out loud,

"Oh, shit! Ooh!" before I felt some warmth and moisture seep out of her soaking pussy and onto my tongue.

"On your back!" She ordered me. I pulled myself away from her soaking pussy and did as I was told, lying flat on my back. She now crawled up the bed, completely naked, and quickly pulled my boxer shorts from me. She kneeled seductively between my legs and grabbed my fully hard cock with two hands and started to jerk it slowly, getting faster and faster all the time.

She then leant forward and took as much as she could in her mouth. Sal knew just how I liked to be blown, and she did exactly that. She used so much tongue that I felt three or four times like I was going to lose it right there and then in her mouth, as she licked all the way up and down and swirled her tongue like a mini tornado round and round the skin of my shaft.

She then started to suck, using all the moisture she could muster in her mouth to soak my cock and lubricate it as she bobbed her head quickly up and down, all the time still licking at the head. Eventually it became to much for me and I knew I wasn't far away from blowing my load. 

As Sal felt that familiar twitching in my hips she pulled her mouth off of my rigid cock and knelt across the bed, offering her pussy up in the air to me. I leapt to my feet and grabbed her by her soft hips as I plunged my cock deep into her.

"Ooooohh yeah!" she exclaimed, rather louder than I had expected her to. As I felt more and more bubbling up inside me, I just had to get deeper into Sal. I reached forward and grabbed her shoulders, giving me more leverage to pump myself deep into her. We both moaned as the rhythm built up, and I plunged deep into her wet gash again and again.

Before too long, I knew I was on the verge. I thrust as deep and hard as I could a few more times before at the last second I pulled myself out, and unloaded my warm creamy jet all over the white skin of my girlfriend's back. As she felt the cum hit her back she groaned appreciatively, before turning around and kissing me on the lips.

"Wow babe, that was amazing...I think I need to get washed now though!" she joked, gesturing towards her back. Sal got up and grabbed a towel and dashed off to the bathroom.

I pulled my boxers back on and lay back against the headboard. I heard the lock in the bathroom click and I closed my eyes as the shower started running.

Just then though, the door flew open, I opened my eyes to see Susie, dressed in a dressing gown walking quickly towards the bed. Her makeup was running down her face as if she had been crying.

"How the fuck could you?" She said, sobbing softly.

"Erm what?" I said, what did she even mean? How could I sleep with my own partner?

"You know what! What the fuck? I mean, I thought..." she started, before leaning towards me, and starting to kiss me. I pulled back from her. She looked at me through teary eyes.

"Look, just, no! OK?" I said, getting a bit angry.

Suddenly, her tears stopped, she sniffed back any further sobs and stared me right in the eye.

"Hey, this...is not...fucking over!" before confidently striding out of the room.