 CiaoSteve reserves the right to be identified as the author of this work. 

This story cannot be published, as a whole or in part, without the express agreement of the author, other than the use of brief extracts as part of a story review. 

This is a work of fiction. The events described here are imaginary; the settings and characters are fictitious and are not intended to represent specific places or living persons. 

Author's Notes 

Foreword #1: All sexually active characters in this story are over 18. 

Foreword #2: This is a story and intended purely for pleasure. 

Foreword #3: Thank you so much to a fellow story lover, Renate, for the inspiration behind this tale. I do hope she enjoys it and relates to my interpretation of her ideas. 

Foreword #4: This is a seventh chapter in the "When the cat's away . . . " series. Although there is a little recap at the start, you may want to read the previous chapters to get up to speed with the story so far. 

Foreword #5: Thank you so much to mbrow for being kind enough to read the draft story and provide his edits. Very much appreciated. 

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 

Claudia Leber was happily married, actually she still is happily married. Steffen was the love of her life, a giant of a man in all respects. For all Claudia was petite, Steffen was huge; in stature and in endowment. What's more, when Steffen decided he wanted something he usually got it, and whether she wanted to or not Claudia always came to enjoy it. The only problem though was that Steffen traveled. It wasn't just a little traveling. Steffen would go often and be away for weeks. Claudia though, the doting wife, just got on with life, disappointed yet waiting in anticipation for his return. 

It was on one such occasion that a casual invite to a Friday night drink introduced Claudia to Natalia, or Naty to her friends. It was just a chance encounter, or at least Claudia imagined it was just a chance encounter. It was though an encounter full of surprise, temptation, passion and, ultimately, satisfaction. Naty, the boss' wife, had touched all the right buttons and that chance encounter had become a night of wanton lesbian lust. 

For days afterwards, Claudia had been trying hard to convince herself that it shouldn't have happened and wouldn't happen again. By now though it had happened twice more, once with a strap-on at the same hotel and then that day in the office. Okay, so that day hadn't exactly been a day of wanton lesbian lust, but it had been just as exciting and probably had much more of an impact on Claudia's life. She got the exposure that had been promised, and with it came a new role in the business and a sumptuous black leather collar. 

She was no longer Claudia Leber, Accounts Controller. 

She was now Claudia Leber, Mistress Natalia's secret little slut. 

Things were really hotting up now. A weekend away had introduced Claudia to the life ahead of her, should she accept the new role. Now, back home, Claudia was left to consider which turn to take. Could she become Mistress Natalia's public slut? 

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 

It was mid afternoon when Naty dropped me off at my place. With Steffen still away the place was quiet, but I guess that was what I needed. Peace, quiet and plenty of thinking time were the orders of the day. Time alone to reflect on and consider just what it was that I wanted. Not what Naty wanted, nor what Steffen wanted, this time it was all about Claudia. 

Having showered I slipped into my favourite nightshirt, a silky little number. Yes, it was technically still late afternoon, but I had no intention of meeting anyone so why shouldn't I dress comfortably, and I really did love the cool feel of silk against my bare skin. I'd already opened a bottle of wine, filled a glass and sat it on the side next to the sofa. I had thinking to do and what better way to think than with a glass or two, or maybe even a bottle, of my choosing. There was a single question on my mind, a short, simple question. 

What did I want? 

My mind was awash with conflicting thoughts, and even a second glass didn't seem to clear the waters. I'd never meant it to happen but, somehow, I had fallen in love with this woman. But that was the question. Had I fallen in love with her or the things she did to me? Then there was Steffen. For sure I was in love with him. For sure I'd have liked the odd tender moment in amongst his strength and power, but it was Steffen himself whom I loved. 

The biggest problem though was his travel, the endless weeks when he was away, and I was alone. I laughed to myself, an ironic laugh as I reflected back a few weeks. Of course, it was the travel which had started this whole journey. As I said, I never meant it to have happened, but it was also true that I didn't regret any of it. Now it was just a case of working out my next steps. 

It was one hell of a choice to make. Steffen was safe and loyal. Naty though took me to places I had never been and had me enjoy them more than I could ever have imagined. He was full of power, she was dominant and controlling. I . . . I . . . it pained me to say it, but I was nothing more than a submissive wife or lover, depending which way you looked at it. Did I have to decide? Or was there a way to combine both? 

Steffen would be the dependable secure option. I knew exactly what I would be getting, but deep at the back of my mind I sensed it would not be quite as satisfying. It was Naty who provided the edge. She offered endless opportunities to confront temptation and pander to my innermost desires. I knew that this came at a price. I would be nothing more than a slut, and I sensed that I would not just be Mistress Natalia's slut. It seemed so exciting, but was that really what I wanted for myself? 

Safe and secure, or wild and reckless? 

I had many things to ponder, but at least Naty was giving me time. As she dropped me off, she had mentioned the same. 

"Claudia," she had said, "take as long as you need. I know it is a big decision, so take some time off. Have as many days as it takes. Here's my number. When you have your decision made, give me a call and we'll work out the next steps. There is no pressure. You have tasted your new role and I think you enjoyed it. The question you need to ask is whether you can take it to the next level, as that is what you would be committing to. I won't feel any less of you if you say no. As for Steffen, you have my word Claudia. I won't do anything to harm your relationship with Steffen. What you decide to tell him is down to you, and nobody else. You need to decide for yourself what it is you want." 

I'd already finished the second glass and poured a third. This was so not the Claudia I knew. I would have one or two, but today it seemed to be the whole bottle which I had my eyes on. I guess that was the pressure of making this type of decision. It was dropping dark outside, so I closed the curtains and turned on a table lamp. The orange glow of the soft light provided a warm relaxing atmosphere. I took a sip at my latest glass when the phone rang. It took me by surprise as I really wasn't expecting any calls. Quickly I grabbed the handset and answered it. It was Steffen . . . my darling husband Steffen. Putting the handset back on the stand, it switched to loudspeaker mode. I sank back onto the sofa, listening to his charming voice. 

"Hey, Claudia, the love of my life. Just thought I'd give you a quick call." 

It was a bit strange. Steffen rarely phoned when he was away on business. I didn't make a deal of it, assuming he was totally maxed out with his work. It was nice though to hear his voice, but already my mind was wondering just why he had chosen to call this time around. 

"Steffen . . . really sweet of you to call. Is everything okay?" 

"Oh, yes. Everything's fine here. But you know the story; airports, hotels, offices, and the odd restaurant . . . nothing more. I was going to ask you the same though." 

"Ask me what? I'm not in an airport, hotel or the like." 

"Ask if all was okay." 

"Yes, why? Why shouldn't it be okay? You've travelled often enough that I've sort of got used to getting on with life." 

"It was just . . . just the other day, when you phoned me. I'm not sure what it was, but you didn't seem to be quite yourself." 

"I don't know what you mean, Steffen. I told you that I had gone away for the weekend. Up in the country, with one of the girls from the office." 

"Yes, you said so. But it was like . . . like . . . like you had something else on your mind. Something more than just talking to me." 

"No, really babe, everything was fine. What made you think like that?" 

"I dunno, I guess it wasn't anything specific, just a combination of lots of little things. You seemed a little distant at times. You know, as if your mind was somewhere else. Then there were the sounds in the background. What was it you said, the lapping waves on the lake and that strange buzz of a pesky bee?" 

I swallowed hard. Had I been that transparent? Had he read me like a book, even on the other end of a long-distance call? I was still thinking of how to explain, when Steffen continued. 

"If you asked me Claudia, it sounded like something more familiar." 

"Familiar?" 

"Yes, quite familiar. The buzz was more vibrator than bee, and the lapping waters . . . well, need I say any more? Were you, Claudia? Were you making out?" 

Shit! I wasn't expecting that. It seemed that Steffen had a clear picture of what I was up to. How could he have known? I'd tried to be as quiet and discreet as I could. Now though, I guess I had a choice to make. Could I continue this façade, or had I better come clean? 

"I . . . I . . ." 

"Were you alone, or was somebody with you? Yes, I remember . . . you mentioned a name." 

"Naty," I replied sheepishly. "It wasn't what you think though, Steffen." 

"It's okay Claudia. I travel a lot, and I understand it is hard for us to be separated so often and for so long. It's only natural you'll have your needs." 

"But, it's not what you think Steffen. You've got to believe me." 

"I do Claudia. I always have done, and I always will. Now, why don't you tell me about you and this Natalia?" 

There was a tear in my eye. I guess I always knew this day would come, but I never expected it would be like this. Steffen walking in on the two of us, deep in the throes of passion, would be one thing. This though, well this was little more than a hunch. It just happened to be an uncannily accurate hunch. Should I have tried to bluff my way out of it? Maybe it would have worked for today, but it would only have been a matter of time. Now I simply waited for the inevitable, to hear those parting words as Steffen said his goodbyes. 

Caught up in the emotions, I was reacting to what he had said rather than pondering over how he had said it. Had I been thinking clearly though I might have questioned why Steffen had called her Natalia. The name I had used on the phone was Naty. Was it pure coincidence that he chose that moment to use her full name or was it just a simple, logical, switch? 

"It's complicated. Naty could become my new boss so I needed to keep in with her. She's offered me a new role in the company and the weekend was meant to be a chance to spend some time together understanding what the it was all about. It was her idea and their cabin." 

"Their?" 

"Yes, she's married to the guy who owns the company. So, you can see she's a bit of a powerful woman. I never meant for anything to happen, but she took me by surprise." 

"I see," came an acknowledging sort of reply. "I guess I suspected the same. There was just something about that call. Something that I couldn't quite put my finger on, but something which didn't fully add up. I wonder . . ." 

"Wonder what, Steffen?" 

"I wonder if this really was the first time. You see, the Claudia of recent weeks has been a little different to the woman I married. My darling wife would never take me in her mouth, let alone swallow. She wouldn't have me shoot my load across her perfect little body either. Don't get me wrong, the new Claudia is rather exciting and one I deeply cherish, but was it all your own idea?" 

"I'm sorry Steffen. I really am." 

"Oh, don't be sorry Claudia. Through this woman I think you have awoken a new side in your sexuality. I'm not complaining. I would never have asked you directly, but I have longed for many of the things you did last week. If it is what you need, then go this way, I think in the end it will be good for our relationship. I have one ask though." 

"Tell me Steffen." 

"What I ask for, is that you are honest. No secrets. We have to be open and honest with each other." 

"I promise Steffen. It was just . . . just . . . I don't know what it was. I guess she caught me when I was down. You were away and, well, one thing led to another. A drink, a bite to eat, I just couldn't resist her charms. I wish I could say it was a mistake, but at the time it was exciting. It was so . . . so unlike the two of us. You're the one I love though, Steffen. I hope you understand." 

"I do. I love you too Claudia, and I know sometimes you just have to nibble at the forbidden fruit, to know just how it tastes." 

"And what about you Steffen? Have you nibbled at the forbidden fruit? After all you travel so much, so I guess you get just as lonely as I do. You would tell me, wouldn't you? I won't blame you." 

There was a pause, an excruciating silence, whilst I waited to hear just what he got up to. My heart was pounding. Was it one, or maybe many? Perhaps he had a girl in every city. But, was that any different to me and my Naty? I waited for what seemed an eternity. 

"To be honest Claudia, when I'm away my work tends to be all consuming. I barely have time for anything more. I do think about it though. Most nights, I think about it. I'll lie in bed thinking of nothing more than having you here with me. Now though I can think about the new Claudia, the wild Claudia, the wanton Claudia that I left behind. Will she be waiting for me when I get back?" 

I laughed, a gentle yet somewhat relieved laugh. 

"Yes," I whispered in as sultry a tone as I could. "Your Claudia will only be too pleased to welcome you back. If there is anything you desire from your Claudia, then do let her know." 

He didn't respond directly, but I guess he was mulling over the last words. I owed it to him, and to be honest it did excite me a little to be his slut as well as Naty's. 

"So," he asked, "what is next for Claudia and this woman?" 

"It's a bit complicated," I replied. "She has offered me a new job . . . to work as her assistant. I don't know though whether it would be right or not. I guess it is a promotion, making me more visible in the organisation, taking on more responsibility and hopefully getting more satisfaction than in my current role, but it isn't right. I shouldn't . . . I couldn't . . . I-" 

"Of course, you should. If it makes you happy then you should take any opportunity. You'll regret it if you don't. Go for it my girl. I expect to hear all about it once you've settled in." 

"I will . . . I love you Steffen." 

The call ended and I went back to my wine. How long had he known? I guess I would never know the answer to that question. It was such a relief though as to how understanding he had been, almost as if he expected it, as if he knew what was coming. I was never any good at jigsaws and putting the pieces together. That aside though, at least the call had given me the answer I needed. 

I now knew exactly what I was going to tell Naty. 

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 

The next morning, I couldn't wait to make that call. I was so excited that I'd even slept in nothing more than that little black collar. I slipped on a thin gown, covering my nakedness and grabbed my mobile. It was a short call, but one which left me clear as to my next steps. 

My new office wouldn't be ready for a couple of days which was a bit of a disappointment. I'd offered to come in and help with whatever still needed doing, but Naty was insistent that I take a couple of days off. 

"Enjoy the rest," she had said, "you'll be so busy when you get back to the office." 

Was there anything I needed to be arranging? The answer was no. Naty had it all in hand and all I needed was to bring myself to the office on the Wednesday, not forgetting the little black collar. Could I do anything to prepare; reading, learning or anything of that ilk? Again, the answer was the same. Nothing to do, everything was to be provided when you got there. She had talked about some sort of induction to break me in gently. At least that's what I thought she had talked about, although I'm sure she had used the word initiation for time to time. Induction? Initiation? I guessed they were just two words for the same thing. 

She did have one ask though, one small request or maybe a last-minute test. I could remember every word. 

"Claudia, it is your choice whether or not you tell Steffen, but either way you need to show him how much you love him before you start your new role. He deserves nothing more. Promise me you will do that." 

Of course, I promised. I didn't tell her about the call the night before though, nor how I had filled Steffen in on some of what we had been up to. I guess she didn't need to know everything. It was hardly likely that Naty and Steffen would be meeting, was it? Now, my only challenge was how to show darling hubby that I loved him when I was in one country and he was in a hotel somewhere else in the world. 

What could I do? All I had was a telephone, and a recently developed slutty imagination. It was then that it hit me. I had an idea. Steffen had gotten suspicious about the call at the weekend, his own dirty thoughts running away with him. How about I give him a repeat performance, only this time with nothing left to the imagination. After all, he had told me how he spent his nights alone thinking about me being with him. If I can't be there in person, then maybe I can be his virtual box of delights. 

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 

It had been a funny day. For most of it I had been preoccupied with the thought of my new role and being with Naty once more. Now that daylight had faded into darkness, my train of thought had taken a turn to the darker, more sultry, side. Now I only had one thing on my mind, which was to give my darling hubby an unexpected night of excitement. On any other night this would have been the simplest of tasks. It didn't take much to get Steffen excited. Tonight though, was not an ordinary night. He was not here, and all I had to excite him with was my sweet voice and a vivid imagination. Every story is only as good as the words on the page, I told myself, but the best of storytellers can make even the most average of tales become something so special. The question now was how good a storyteller I was. I knew I had plenty to talk about, I just had to make it believable. 

Now, what would catch his attention? A rummage in my top drawer located exactly what I needed. Turning it on, I listened as the soft buzz filled the room. Yes, it was perfect, just enough for Steffen to pick up on and, after the last time, I knew exactly how he would react. I hit the off switch and dropped the vibrator on the bed, ready for the right time. I grabbed my mobile, placing it purposefully on the bedside table. 

Dimming the lights down to the faintest of glows, I started to strip. It was a slow, sexy performance, as if teasing an invisible lover. Naked, I even teased him with the sultriest of dances before breaking out of my seductive show. There was something else I needed to do though. I went back to the same drawer and pulled out a box. Yes, that was it. With that little black collar fixed around my neck, I was ready to fulfil my Mistress' orders, just like a good slut would do. 
