 I was in my office when my direct line rang about 3pm.

“Gidday mate.” Ron said when I answered. “I need a favour. I’ve got to go away, unexpectedly, for a couple of days and you know how Chris hates being alone in the house. I wonder if, seeing you and Catherine are separated, you wouldn’t mind going and staying with her.”

Mind. Mind. Is he bloody joking or what! I hadn’t seen Chris, intimately that is, since that wonderful weekend last summer when we fucked each other senseless. And now here’s her hubby asking would I mind doing it again. 

Of course I wouldn’t bloody mind!

“I’d be happy too, mate.”

“I thought you might.”

I’ll swear I could hear him smirk.

“Don’t do anything I wouldn’t enjoy, though, will you.” He laughed as he hung up.

Chris greeted me at the door that evening. She looked stunning. A dress that clung to her every curve, emphasising she had little or no underwear on, and a plunging neckline that displayed her gorgeous breasts perfectly. She was also wearing that heady perfume she had worn so many months ago.

“Needless to say you, look and smell absolutely beautiful,” I said.

“Why, thank you kind sir. I wanted you, to want me, as soon as you saw me. I hope it’s worked.”

I stepped into the foyer, kicked the door shut and took her into my arms.

The kiss was long and passionate. Our mouths locked together as our tongues probed each other. Her hips pressed into me, her pelvic area grinding against my crutch as my hands travelled down her back and gripped her arse cheeks, pulling her to me. My cock hardening with every movement. 

I scooped her up into my arms and started towards the bedroom.

“No! No Rob! Not now. I’ve prepared a wonderful dinner and it’ll be ruined if we don’t eat soon.” 

“Fuck the dinner! I want you and I’ve got this bloody great hard-on to prove it!”

“Please Rob! I’ve gone to so much trouble. As much as I want you too, I have cooked us a lovely meal.”

I relented and gently put her down.

She was right. The dinner was perfect. We talked small talk over the meal. Asked each other about our kids and our grandkids. She and Ron had had their first grandchild, a grandaughter, very recently and were very excited. 

Finally, as we were enjoying the last of the wine I asked “Why now Chris, after all this time?”

She looked at me, gazing deep into my eyes. The look never wavered.

“Remember what you said in Surfers’ last summer. About not wanting to come between Ron and me?”

“Of course I do,” I replied.

“Well, I wasn’t sure of how I felt. That weekend was absolutely wonderful. But I’d only ever been with one other man in my life, other than Ron, and it had been a total disappointment. With you it wasn’t. I wanted you desperately. I craved for your cock to be back inside me. I felt so lost when you left that Sunday. Ron noticed it. He said, ‘For God’s sake honey, just keep fucking him ‘til you get over it.’ But I knew it wasn’t going to be like that. It scared me, how I felt. So I decided it was best if we just stayed friends.”

“So I repeat, why now Chris?” 

She still kept looking at me, her gaze never wavering.

“I want you,” she said simply.





I rose from the table and walked around to where she was sitting. Her eyes followed me. I bent down as her head tilted up. Our lips met, her tongue darting into my mouth. 

As we kissed, I held her head with my hand. My other hand travelled down to her breasts, slipping my hand into her dress, I pinched her already hardening nipple.

She gave a little moan, her mouth clamped tightly against mine.

I pulled to her feet and led her to the bedroom. As I started to slip the dress from her shoulders, she spoke in a small voice, almost a whisper.

“Rob, would you do something for me?” she asked.

“Of course I would sweetheart. What?”

“Would you shave me? I normally do it myself but sometimes I get Ron to do it for me and it really turns me on.” 

I let the dress slip from her shoulders and drop to the floor. I was correct in my earlier assumption. She wasn’t wearing any underwear.

My gaze went straight to her pussy. There was a fine covering of pubic hair. Not a lot but could certainly do with shaving.

“I would love to shave your puss babe,” I said, as I lowered her to the bed.

She smiled up at me. 

I bent down and kissed her passionately. She returned the kiss fervently.

My hands trailed down her nakedness stopping at her pubic fuzz.

“I’ll remove this for you straight away.”

“Touch my pussy, please,” she whispered.

I let my fingers drift to her cunt lips. They were wet. My fingers parted her opening, just slightly, lightly touching and caressing the inner folds of cunt.

She shuddered and gave a little sigh. “See how I react to your touch. I just orgasmed.”

I smiled at her “You’ll have many more of those my sweet.” I kissed her again and left to gather the necessary shaving equipment.

When I returned she looked so peaceful. Her eyes closed, a slight smile on her face, legs slightly parted so I could see her opening, the wetness glistening on her cunt lips.

As I approached with the towel to put under her buttocks she lifted her bottom off the bed raising her pelvis and exposing her opening even wider. I could see how aroused she was, her juices starting to trickle down towards the crevice between her cheeks.

“Will you please hurry and shave me. I need you inside me before I go insane with lust!” 

I lathered her light covering of bush, paying particular attention to the delicate areas around her lips and clit. I started shaving from the top of her pelvic area down towards her opening and then working between her thighs at the outer reaches of her lips. My fingers then held her skin taught as I shaved down the lips of her pussy, then up and around her clitoris. As I neared then end of my task I “accidentally” let a couple of fingers slip into her warm, moist opening, my thumb brushing against her clit. 

Her body shook visibly, she gave a little gasp and orgasmed again. This time I felt her juices as they wet my fingers.

With a warm, wet towel I wiped the shaving cream away and cleaned her. 

“Would you like to see my handiwork?” I asked.

She shook her head, her eyes almost closed, as if she were in some kind of meditation, or trance.

I bent down to her pussy, stuck out my tongue and licked at her outer lips. She quickly came to life, grabbed at my head, pulling my mouth firmly down to her cunt. I licked and sucked at her voraciously, nibbling at her lips then tonguing into her as far as my tongue would reach. I sucked on her clit. 

Her breathing became ragged as I sensed another orgasm approaching. As I sucked and nibbled her clit I pushed two fingers into her cunt and located her G spot. I stroked it and sucked and her body shook violently, her head and legs thrashing about.

“Oh god, I’m coming. I’m coming. Oh god!” She screamed. “Oh fuck, don’t stop. Oh god, this is so good, please don’t stop. Oh fuck!” she sobbed.

As her movements slowed, I lifted my mouth away from her pussy and just let my fingers lightly caress the insides of her cunt, gently stroking her lips.

After a few minutes she looked up at me, reached out with her right hand and grasped my stiff cock. My cock was aching, it was so hard, it felt like a piece of steel.

“Will you please put that thing inside of me. I want to feel you fill me up, stretch my pussy as it fills me.”

Kneeling between her parted thighs, I lowered my body down to hers, my cock slipping easily into her cunt, not meeting any resistance as it slid up into her well lubricated depths. When my balls were resting against her arse cheeks and I was in her to the hilt I started moving slowly in and out, her body matching my every movement. Our movements slowly quickened, her pelvis rising to meet my ever-quickening thrusts. Her juices were running freely now, running down the crack of her arse and wetting the sheet underneath. She wrapped her legs around me urging me into her depths, her mutterings becoming incoherent as the pace of our fucking became more frenetic.

I looked down at her face, her eyes were wide open almost with a look of disbelief. 

I felt her cunt muscles begin to spasm as she gasped, throwing her arms around my neck, pulling my mouth down to hers and kissing me passionately, she orgasmed once more, her moans and sobs muffled by the passion of our kiss.

After her spasms subsided I gently withdrew my cock from her.

“What, what, what are you doing,” she stammered.

I rolled over onto my back.

“Your turn to do a little work baby. Climb onto my cock. I want to watch it disappear into that pussy of yours.”

Chris looked at me and smiled. She raised herself onto her knees and straddled my member. Looking into my eyes she slowly impaled herself on my shaft.

When her bare pubic mound was touching the base of my cock she spoke so very softly.

“Oh god, that feels so fucking gooood!”

I gently started to thrust up into her. She met each slow thrust with a downward movement of her own. Her hands on my chest she quickened the pace, each downward movement of her cunt being met by an upward thrust of my cock. I could see she was approaching another orgasm, so quickly this time. She grabbed both of my hands in hers squeezing them tightly, jammed her cunt down hard on my cock and shuddered to another climax.

Chris looked down at me, “Were we made to be perfectly suited sexually? I don’t know why my body’s reacting to you like this but I just want to keep coming and coming. And I am!”

She was right. I could feel her juices running down over my balls and my arse crack and onto the sheet. 

As I started to move inside her again, my cock now aching for release, I said “Sweetheart, don’t question it. Just enjoy it for what it is. We are perfectly suited and I don’t know why. All I know is that sex with you is as good, if not better, than any I’ve ever had before. And that includes all the years I was with Catherine.” 

My movements upward continued and I reached up, grabbing a breast in each hand, I squeezed them quite hard, pinching and squeezing the nipples almost viciously. Chris moaned and started to slam herself down to meet my every thrust her eyes rolling, her breathing becoming more and more ragged. I twisted and squeezed her nipples enforcing as much pain as I thought she could handle. She looked at me her eyes wide open and screamed “I’m coming! Oh fuck I’m coming! Oh God. Give it to me! Give it to me! Give me your sperm, you bastard! Oh fuck I’m commmiiinnnggg!”

I thrust up hard one more time and erupted, my spunk pouring out in what seemed to be a never ending stream, the intense pleasure of the orgasm washing over me as the release drained my cock and balls.

Chris fell down over me, her body spent. She was limp, lifeless. Her breath coming in little sobs as she clutched, me her cunt still spasming around my cock, still buried deep inside her.

“Oh Rob. I love you,” she whispered. “I know I shouldn’t but I do. Oh god. How can anyone person make you feel this good. This wonderful feeling of being fulfilled. My whole body is alive, every nerve ending is tingling. My pussy is on fire. I could take you again and again and again.”

“Whoa baby. Don’t confuse love with lust. We’ve got something really special, but it’s purely sexual. We’re just so lucky we have the opportunity to be able to experience it with each other. Give each other enjoyment and make love.”

“I don’t want this to end Rob. I am being purely selfish now. I want to keep having you. You’re getting divorced, so it won’t matter to you and Ron said I could have you, so I will. OK?”

I looked up at her. She was so beautiful, her face just inches from mine. I put my arms around her, cradled her to me and kissed her. She snuggled her head to my chest and sighed.

We fell asleep.

I don’t what time it was when I woke, it was still dark. My arm was over Chris’ body, my hand cupping her breast, her buttocks nestled in against my groin area. I let my fingers trail across her nipple and felt it stiffen under my touch. I gently squeezed her nipple and heard her softly moan in her sleep. My erection stirred into awakening, it’s full length extended, I let it slip into the folds of her pussy lips. In her sleep, her thighs moved apart to allow me access to her opening. I pushed my cock head against her cunt lips, she still had cum trickling from her from our earlier activities, and I slid into her depths easily.

Chris stirred from her sleep and pushed back onto my rampant cock, moaning and sighing all at once. I started to work my cock in and out of her slowly, her cunt muscles responding with every stroke. Our pace soon increased, quickly I was driving into her with forceful strokes and she responded with moans and gurgles of delight. As I started to reach my own rapidly approaching orgasm, Chris took a deep breath, her breathing appeared to stop and then I felt her cunt muscles contract, gripping my cock like a vice and then the sudden warmth of her juices flooded over my cock. This was just the trigger I needed to let my own climax go and I flooded her womb with my semen, spurting copious quantities of my spunk into her depths.

With my cock still buried deep in her cunt, Chris snuggled herself back into my arms, sighed and drifted back off to sleep. As my own tiredness enveloped me I thought, “I have to look after this girl for the next couple of days. This is going to be one hell of a task.