 Glancing up at the numerous flat screen TVs playing all the games a sports fanatic could wish for, the woman rolled her eyes and looked back down at her book. She hated having to accompany her husband to the country club on game days. None of her girl friends were required by their husbands to join them like she was, so she never had anyone to go off and play tennis with and playing golf by herself was just pathetic in her eyes. Bringing her gaze up to look over at her husband, she nodded at the request for another round of beers and sighed quietly as she marked her place and set her book aside. Standing, she made her way to the bar and asked for another round to be sent to him and his friends. Thanking the bar tender, she decided to take a seat and watch the other club members from her new perch. It never ceased to amaze her how everyone acted so fake with each other; though to be honest it would probably never make sense to her.

"What is the point of this place anymore?" An accented voice questioned from the stool to her right. Turning, she was met with the sight of a blue-eyed, scruff-jawed man who stood head and shoulders over the people milling around the club house.

"To attempt to one-up each other with how long the stick is that is stuck up their asses." Offering a smile as the man chuckled, his nod of agreement made her smile brighten for a moment. "Besides that, how are you enjoying the club since we last chatted here at the bar?"

"The courses are challenging at times but well constructed none-the-less."

"And the people? Have you met anyone else that don't have the same condition as most of the ones here today?"

"You mean more people like you and I? No, unfortunately."

"That's too bad. Well, if you want we can go for a round of golf like last time."

"As long as the leash isn't too short like the time before last, sure."

Chuckling, she shook her head and turned to the bar tender for a moment and asked for him to tell her husband that she went for a walk if he ever had the notion to ask after her. She doubted that he would even notice her absence but just in case, she wanted it covered. Glancing to the handsome man she still didn't know the name of, the corner of her lips arched up in a half smile as they headed for the door. She didn't even waste a look towards her husband, as long as he got that round of beers, he wouldn't care about where she was or who she was with. Looking down at her as she reached for his arm once they were outside, he felt her hand settle into the crook of his elbow.

"I have a feeling you aren't interested in golfing this time."

She looked up at him and winked as she waved an employee of the club over to them. Requesting for a golf cart to be brought around, she patted the inside of his forearm gently before speaking.

"Your feeling would be correct. Are you interested in golfing?"

What kind of question was that? She was a curvaceous little hellcat that knew what she wanted and that was obviously him at that moment in time. "Not one bit." Matching her smile with one of his own, he walked her to the passenger side of the cart when it arrived and went back around to slide behind the wheel.

"Where to, this time?"

"The sixth hole." There was very little chatter between them, just simple chit-chat to fill the peaceful quiet. When they got to their destination, she directed him to the left where there was a very dense copse of trees that merged into the rest of the forest that acted as a buffer between two of the courses. As he maneuvered the cart through the biggest of the spaces between trunks, when they got as far as they could go, she stopped him with a soft touch to his hand on the wheel.

"How did you find this place?" He glanced around them at the small clearing, marveling at how thick the trees were; it almost seemed as if they were in the middle of the forest and not the outskirts of it. He couldn't even see anything of the golf course behind them, let alone anything else.

"It's a boring story, maybe I'll tell you later." Sliding closer to him, she cupped the back of his neck and pulled him into a fierce kiss; her nails dragging lightly through his shoulder length mane of hair as he took control of the kiss. Pulling her with him, he slid off the seat and stood to face her, guiding his hips between her thighs smoothly. Wrapping her silky hair around the strength of his hand, he offered her a groan when she dragged his lip between her pearly whites only to soothe the abused flesh with a kiss. Her hands roamed across his large frame, tugging his shirt out of his slacks before moving on to lower the front zipper.

The passionate lust was mounting as he pushed the width of his hands up along the outsides of her strong thighs, lifting her skirt up as he went. Devouring her lips like a man possessed, he hooked his fingers under the edge of soft satin and tugged; the sound of rending fabric would have been satisfying if either of them were paying attention but once again they were locked into a battle of wills with their tongues acting as the rapiers. Tossing the ruined garment away, he snatched her to the very edge of the bench seat as her small hands nimbly removed the hard length of his shaft from the confines of his trousers. Marveling at his size for only a moment, she leaned back across the seat just as he brought her legs up to the wide perch of his shoulders.

Gripping the base of his cock, he laid it against her slick folds and pressed the tip of it to the entrance of her slit. Pausing as he met her gaze, he slid into her depths slowly and let out a moan as her muscles instantly began clutching at him. Biting her lip, she choked down the cry of initial pleasure that tried to break free and arched her hips up as he sank into her. Reaching out with one hand, she gripped the steering wheel while the other hand wrapped around part of the frame behind her head. As he began to fuck her, she moaned and rolled her hips in time with his thrusts, her toes curling each time he bottomed out within the depths of her body. Fighting the urge to cry out the strength of her pleasure for fear of being discovered, she let out another soft moan and closed her eyes as he laid a hand over her mouth for her. The possibility of getting caught made the sex so much hotter in her opinion; the stakes were high and not exactly in their favor if someone spotted them. She was married to a very jealous man and he, well, if he was married it wouldn't exactly be good for him either. 

Parting her lips as he pressed two fingers against them, she distracted the need to voice her bliss and suckled at the fingers that tasted of sea water. He must have taken a dip in the ocean pool the club provided for members not long before finding her at the bar. Dragging her teeth lightly across his skin, she mewled around them as he withdrew from her.

"Turn around."

Two words; that's all it took to get her to do what he wanted. No please, no fuss and no fighting about it, she just slid to her feet and turned to lay her upper body across the seat. Arching her hips higher into the air, she rocked back towards him as he teased her entrance with a sweep of his cock-head. Pouting when he braced a hand against her hip to stop her even though he couldn't see it, she let out a light whimper of need.

"Just fuck me you tease."

Another swipe of the tip along her slit brought it to her clit and he paused, pressing against the little button of pleasure teasingly. "Are you going to tell me your name this time?"

Rolling her eyes, she shrugged one shoulder just a little. "Maybe."

"Yes or no, cupcake." He gripped her hip but didn't move at all besides that.

"If I say yes... Will you finish what you started?" Tilting her head, she looked back at him over her shoulder just in time to see him nod. "Mya," she paused, waiting for him to share his name in return.

"Is that your real name?"

Letting an exasperated sigh escape, she nodded and gasped sharply as he slammed his thickness back into her tight sheath. "Yes! Oh fuck, mmm I love that big, fat cock of yours!" Digging her nails into the clothe seat, she rocked up onto her toes and ground her shapely ass back into his hips. Feeling him wrap her ponytail around his hand and tug, the motion brought her head back and forced her back to arch even more than it already was. Finally crying out, she bit her lip as he finally started to fuck her once again. Bracing her hands against the seat, she thrust back to meet his every move, her muscles clenching rhythmically around his shaft each time he pulled from her.

Every time he felt those delectable folds milk his thick rod, he had to fight tooth and nail not to blow his load. This was the third time they had snuck away from the club house to fuck on the down-low and he still didn't know why she had withheld her name for so long. Releasing her hair, he brought both hands to her hips to really begin pounding into her. They were both getting close and he knew that but he also knew how much he enjoyed the feel of her exploding to pieces around his cock. Snatching her into each and every thrust, the constant slap of his skin against hers was the only sound louder than their ragged breathing; except for when she moaned in absolute bliss.

As her thighs began to quiver and her whole body tensed, he knew that one more thrust would send her over the edge. Wanting to make it the best, he pulled all the way out until barely the tip was left within her scalding folds. Not daring to pause for more than a second, he yanked her back and plunged in with every ounce of his strength. Quickly leaning over her much smaller frame, he cupped a hand over her mouth just as the start of a scream sprang from her lips. Pressing her lips against his skin, she cut the sound off and held her breath, her body spasming as waves of climactic joy crashed through her veins. For a moment, as her breath caught and dissipated into her lungs, it seemed as if she had forgotten to breath; but then, as the loss of his cock dawned on her, a breath was taken and she turned to kneel in the decomposing leaves before him. Laying her hands against the outside of his thighs, she closed her mouth over the head of his shaft and moaned around him as he began to voraciously stroke the remaider of his rod. 

Tossing her gaze up to his, the second his head tipped back she took his hand away and deep-throated every inch of him. Enjoying the ragged groan of surprise when he began unloading his pleasure into her throat, she kept her eyes trained on his face as he balled a hand in her hair. Letting him slowly begin guiding her mouth off his cock when he was ready, she swept her tongue along his softening length to catch any tiny drop that tried to cling to his flesh. 

Kissing the sensitive tip as lightly as possible, she smiled when he shivered and stood in front of him once again.

"You finally have my name, can I have yours?"

"Aleksandr but you can call me Alek."

"Any chance we could meet up outside the club one day?"

"It depends on our schedules and your husband."

"Don't worry about him. How about lunch next Wednesday?"

They both grinned at each other.

"Wednesday is fine for me."

And so the affair truly began and was sealed with a kiss.