 The car reached the imposing, ornate gate of Venus Villa situated at top of a hill.

Arun briskly got out, spoke on the mic and the gate slowly opened. I could see a camera looking down on us from the right pillar. It was drizzling as we drove up the tree lined winding road and reached a wide portico.

Two women with there to receive me with traditional Indian welcome of Marigold garlands and putting a welcome red mark on my forehead. 

Both wore Satin lavender chiffon sarees around their voluptuous and tall bodies. Their short back less bras, made ample breasts pronounced along with glorious view of exquisite shoulders and partially covered bare back. One was a gorgeous tall black lady and another was a white woman with competing sensuality. They smiled and led the way to the reception desk.

"Welcome to Venus Villa, Mr. Rohit," 

The Indian lady at the desk got up and approached me with an extended hand.

"I am Anita and will have pleasure of escorting you to the suit and explain few import things...this way, sir."

She wore a neatly fitted black skirt and short white top, like a model. Her seemingly deep navel hole looked mysterious, appealed and excited my senses.

So, as expected the rich and indulgent Divvya must have spent spent a fortune on her pet dream of organizing an unforgettable reunion along with pains taking detailed planning and execution, which was her passion since collage days.

I skillfully let Anita take lead and followed her gracefully undulating butt, while my eyes feasted on her luscious legs, dick was-getting hard in anticipation of meeting Divvya and may be Radha as well.

On the way, I got a text message from my close friend Vikram. I had requested Divvya to invite him along with gorgeous Sangeeta and her sex addict friend Pinky. 

***

Vikram a 35 years old executive was recently transferred to Mumbai. He hardly knew many people in the city and has been desperately looking for female company. He loved sex, but his sex life has gone completely dull and bad due to ill wife, who is left behind in Delhi, being treated for breast cancer. He still remembered the wild sex they used to have and even swapped with a couple friend with matching needs. The experience has been wonderful and liberating for him and his wife Sonia. They agreed that their bond has turned even stronger and deeper after swapping and wild four some with Rajesh and Bindiya, a vivacious out going and fun loving pair in their late thirties.

He was shocked and yet felt haplessly excited when Sonia readily agreed for lesbian sex with Bindiya. Who suddenly stopped sucking his dick, went to the bed and seductively hovering her large wet hairless cunt over opened mouth of Sonia, who was being mercilessly pounded by thick dick of Rajesh in missionary position. Later the ladies indulged in bouts of boob sucking, cunt licking in various positions, including famed 69 coupling like young teenagers going totally bonkers on their new discovery of lesbian sex with willing partners.

Vikram and Rajesh nursed their drinks, with hands on own dicks, and watched with fascination the females devouring each others boobs with wild abandon. Vikram felt his dick shaking and leaking thick threads of cum when he saw luscious tongue of Bindiya flickering furiously at the virgin, tight anus of his dear wife, who had never before agreed for anal sex. He was very pleased when Sonia responded by spreading her wide, rippling ass cheeks wider, enthusiastically giving more access to the pleasantly intruding tongue. As his wife went in an explosive and noisy orgasm induced by so far forbidden anal manipulations and expert fingering by Bindiya, he could not control him own orgasm and shot wads of cum, flowing over his dick clenched fist.

Only last evening, worried Sonia has called and asked, if he has found any willing lady in Mumbai, the city, which is supposed to teeming with footloose, liberated and adventurous mature females of all varieties.

When he replied in negative, a more worried Sonia asked when he masturbated last. Vikram never felt like indulging in self sex for more than a month. While in Delhi, Sonia would let him fuck her in doggy or suck him off few times in week to help him stay sane and focused. But he felt bad, indulging in something, which his dear wife was not enjoying as she used to, before the dreaded disclosure of her cancer.

She immediately told him to take his dick out and empty his bloated balls. With tears in his eyes, he did comply with her wishes by faking an orgasm verbally but his dick has been limp and lifeless.

Feeling terribly lonely and Bored in his sixth floor Lokhandwala flat, he switched on the TV and decided to watch a latest Hollywood action flick. He took out his favorite whiskey from cupboard and opened the fridge for ice cubes. There was no ice, as the maid has forgotten to fill the trays. He looked at the watch, it was 8.30 in evening. He decided to check on Mr. Damle, an affable middle level executive in a renowned international retail giant, who lived in the flat opposite his own. They have had few drinking sessions before and his gorgeous looking wife was a wonderful hostess and even better cook. Vikram had loved seeing the ample and exquisite butt of Mrs. Damle and felt his otherwise inert dick got alive. He pushed the erotic thoughts away and got up. Even If Mr. Damle was not in, at least he will get much needed ice cubes.

Vikram went out and hesitantly stood before the door, with the nameplate, "Sudarshan Damle". He was pleasantly amazed and troubled to feel his dick getting hard after so long. But ignoring the stirring in his loin, he pressed the bell; maybe he must utilize the hard dick and masturbate later. Vikram realize that the bell did not ring, he tried again but there was no faint sound of belling ringing inside. But in the silence of the long corridor, he could gather that, the TV was indeed on in the flat of Mr. Damle. Encouraged by his discovery, he decided to look in to the small view hole.

****

Sangeeta Damle, savored the soothing erotic feeling of warm water jets punching hard on her taught nipples and cascading over her tingling, charged body. At thirty six, he has kept herself in perfect shape by following a rigorous gym regimen. With her husband, Sudarshan out on tour to Chennai for a week and kids, Ragini and Neelesh at their grandparents' home in Thane, she was at ease with herself and indulging in bouts of masturbatory experiences while watching hot porn's. Her old collage mate and closest friend, Pinky has gifted latest HD CDs and a high quality, battery operated double dildo with remote control; brought specially for Sangeeta during the recent holiday in Europe.

For over twelve years of their married life, Sudarshan seemed to have been sucked in to vortex of the prevailing corporate rut of highly stressed, competitive profession and long tours across India.

From being a simple teenager with only few furtive preliminary experiences in sex, Sangeeta these days have been feeling highly aroused and desirous of sex. While her loving husband, Sudarsahn has gradually lost interest in sex all together, more so, for last one year. Meanwhile Sangeeta has increasingly felt desperate and deprived as the dormant sexual surge in her, along with passion for kinky sex and erotica become prominent. She had no option but mostly got satiated by masturbatory indulgence and occasional show and see, web sessions with few male net friends.

So far, she has been averse to find a lover for herself, as repeatedly suggested by Pinky, who has been finding and dumping lovers every six month. But for last few days she has been feeling a tingling sensation in her loin along with perpetual arousal and wetness. She was increasing feeling still deprived sexually. She never had fulfilling sex with her husband, and used to sooth her sexual desires by masturbation. Sangeeta realized that she badly needs real sex with a virile man, who love sex. 

Her right hand traveled to her charged mount. A simple touch on her bloated clitoris sent erotic shock waves in trembling body. She closed her eyes and plunged the index finger in her wet and aroused cunt channel.

"Ahhhhhh..." a deep sigh escaped her clenched teeth. But the feel of her thin finger was not fulfilling enough.

Sangeeta wanted a man to touch her body, maul it savagely and fill the void in her pulsating cunt, like never before. She felt her whole body was charged with extraordinary arousal. 

About ten minutes before, she had ordered a Pizza and the deliveryman would be arriving soon. His name was unknown to her, but exuded a raw and rustic manly charm, which she has noticed every time. As Sangeeta remembered the handsome delivery boy, her cunt oozed more secretions, flowing down on her thighs and washed away by the warm water.

With a thumping heart she, thoughtfully closed the shower and started to dry herself. She wanted a man and wanted right now to quench the raging fire in her cunt and whole body. Someone, who would maul her taught boobs, bite swollen nipples...lift her up like a rag-doll, push her butt savagely against the wall, ram his hard cock in her fiery, dripping cunt and plunge a thick finger in her virgin asshole.

No...never do it.. Will be too foolish, risky and dangerous!!! She must control herself and talk to Pinky. She might suggest a better option, may be will happily send one of her boyfriends to fuck her.

Pinky was so luck and daring to get what she wants from life, while she was always forced to suppress her desires. It was her bad luck, having born to wrong, lower middle class parents, grew up in a prudish home, mingled with boring, taboos imprisoned crowd and married a man with low libido!

"Fuck all...fuck my stupid inhibitions. I will do what I like doing. I will fuck the first dick I see today. I am sexy, attractive; any one would even give a fortune to fuck my me."

A shaken Sangeeta felt good being nude, rushed to the living room, lifted her mobile phone and dialed Pinky. But the called number was not reachable. Dejected and even more troubled, she sent a message to call back a.s.a.p. Her bust heaved, as heat in surcharged loin was getting unbearable.

"Madarchod randy...kahan chudwa rahi hai Sali...kis se Gaand Marwa rahi hai kutia..kahan hai tu?'

She loudly cursed her friend Pinky," Mother fucking whore...where the hell are you getting fucked and who is fucking your asshole...I miss you bitch..."

She felt shocked by her abusive language. Sangeeta has never behaved so wildly or ever used such filthy, street type cheap whorish language ever. But she felt totally different, charged with raw sexual energy. And now, something has to be done to quench her pronounced lust.

Didn't Pinky fuck her handsome servant few times, when she wanted sex badly and only he was available? So what is the big deal, her fucking the handsome delivery boy?

But what has to done, while waiting for him? Then Sangeeta remembered the dildo.

Now, she must try the battery operated double dildo, gifted by Pinky, few days ago and still lying unused in the secret pocket of her closet. Her body trembling with deep rooted lust and expectations, Sangeeta walked briskly to her bedroom, opened the closet and took out the carton holding the prized private tool.

With shaking hands, she opened the carton and took out the sealed pouch.

"Ahhhh.."A thick lusty sigh escaped her, when she saw the exotic contents of the transparent pouch.

It held an amazing detailed replica of penis about ten inches long, with ball like base cum holding knob along with a separate removable, curved smaller penis for anal pleasures. She held her breath, opened the flap and took the penis out, it was lubricated and smelled exotically with distinctively manly odor. She looked at the other contents; extra batteries, lubricant and disinfectant tubes, instruction booklet and a small remote control.

Sangeeta hurriedly flipped through the main instructions, took out the CDs gifted by Pinky and with wildly thumping heart, walked back to the living room with the carton.

Yes, it has to be in the living room, it will be so exciting and really daring. She has never before moved around nude in the flat and so far only indulged in masturbatory pleasures in privacy of her bedroom and washroom.

Sangeeta felt so liberated to be alone and do as she wished. No kids to help in home work, getting up early prepare them for school in morning and, absence of demanding husband, any senile elders and in-laws to attend to.

Hmmm...she wished, it was planned in a better way and had invited Pinky, who would have called one of her boyfriends. If nothing else, they would have masturbated together, watching hot porn. She cursed herself for being so prudishly old fashioned to repeatedly spurned the open lesbian signals from Pinky. Sangeeta also craved for her cunt to be kissed, smelled, lapped and tongue fucked, like in those porn movies.

"Let the fucking bitch look at me with that salacious inviting look again and I will lift my skirt and order her to eat my hot cunt. I will throw her on bed and plunge this big dildo in her sexy Gaand...Oh yes I will do it...Bitch."

She switched-on, the TV and CD player, and rushed to bathroom closet to put on her favorite black midsized gown. It hides and yet exposes her body in most appealing manner; open shoulders, neck line plunging low to just above her taught black grape sized nipples, fitting neatly with firm boobs and falling enticingly on her ample pear shaped buttocks. A brief look in mirror reconfirmed and approved the selection. She also picked up a brown towel to put under her ass to avoid staining the sofa. Being rewarded by delights of Dildo assaults for the first time, her cunt will surely respond with lots of fluid today.

The CD on top announced its content as, "Pool Side Multiracial Orgy," she decided to try it and slipped in to the CD player. She waited for the play logo to appear on the wall mounted big size TV screen, by the side of main door of her spacious 3 bedroom flat. Sangeeta purposely chose to sit on the main sofa facing the TV and main door, knowing that she will be visible from the view hole of the door. She had already checked that its cover was moved to side.

So, when the Pizza delivery boy would ring the bell, she will not immediately respond and wait, prompting him to look through the view hole and see her using the dildo. It will surely save time and extra efforts to achieve her immediate goal, to get a virile rustic young man fuck her pulsating cunt.

What he will do after seeing her masturbating with the dildo?

May be, she won't have to do anything more, as he will understand and take the lead. She was aware about how the rustic village boys get sexually excited by city women moving around, scantily dressed, in butt hugging jeans, tight midriff showing top and thigh exposing miniskirts, leaving nothing to imagination.

"Ahhh...that would be very exciting and deeply fulfilling; satiating her long held inner quest to be assured of her innate feminine pull, smoldering sexuality and abandon sensuality.

Perhaps the delivery boy will be so excited, lose his senses and tempted to brutally rape her. Lift her like a weightless rag doll, bang her ass hard on the wall, unzip hurriedly, take his smelly, unwashed dick out and ram in to her wet, hot cunt.

This has been, her favorite erotic fantasy, prompting her to masturbate many times, when a usually tired Sudarshan would not touch her, turn his back and will be gone in a deep sleep with unbearable snoring.

"Ahhhh.." Another lusty sigh escaped her salivating mouth. She imagined further; he will silently put the Pizza on table, turn to lock the door and pounce on her, like a hungry dog on its chance meaty prey, his one rough hand chocking her throat and menacingly signal to take it easy, other hand savagely cupping and squeezing her heated mount.

Or like a dormant rapist, he will be noisy, very abusive, intimidating and threatening?

"Sali ameer kutia...aawaz mat karna..nahin to maar daloonga...Chupp.chaap se chudaw le, Madarchod.."

Threatening her, the bitchy rich whore, to not to make any fucking noises, just get fucked silently mother fucker cunt, or she gets killed.

The imminent probability of long held, wild rape fantasy happening, immediately led to her swollen cunt oozing more thicker and warmer secretions. The thick string of flow slowly sliding down wetting and warming her, so far sexually inert anus. Again seeing the curved smaller penile replica for anal masturbation's, for the first time, she was tempted to touch and finger her, now increasingly excited asshole. It will be a new erotic experience and so dirty too Pinky has liked it and so she will too. Every porn she had seen, involved scenes of girls enjoying sumptuous anal sex

Sangeeta let her wild imagination explore more forbidden desires..

May be the delivery boy would pounce on her not once but many times, every time he would be more brutal and treat her like a cheap whore .

He might even fuck her virgin asshole. She was proud of her ample, pear shaped buttocks, always inviting lusty gaze from males. But a foolish Sudarshan never gave any attention to her gorgeous asset.

Fuck you Sudarshan...you limp little dick..go to hell and stay there, she thought.

That athletic Servant of Pinky has raped her asshole too, when she was having periods. And she even liked the brutal experiences, a hot rod of flesh filling and ramming her excited anal channel and spraying hot semen deep inside. Pinky even shared her heady experiences of kissing and sucking a smelly, unwashed dick.

"Oh...gosh...I am a dirty minded cheap whore...wanting so long to be fucked hard...let me suck your smelly dick...fuck my cunt...ram your dick in my virgin asshole...spray your thick rustic spunk on my face.."

Sangeeta whispered to herself in lusty coarse voice.

Or she was rehearsing for the benefit and motivation of the soon expected delivery boy turned rapist?

The rustic delivery boys may not understand much English. Sangeeta realized and repeated her demand cum challenge in dirty Hindi. She was excited and tempted to be much louder this time.

" Arre..I am a cheap street whore..waiting desperately to be fucked real hard by a good fucker...take out your big black unwashed dick ...and let me suck hard...fuck hard.. my sex starved cunt..fuck my virgin Gaand..my asshole...spray your thick spunk deep inside me...aaahhhh..."

Oh Gosh..she was really turning in to a dirty minded cheap whore. But Sangeeta didn't care, actually loved her new found whore like daredevilry. Immersed deep in foggy erotic thoughts, she instinctively slide her burning butt down a bit, spread thighs widely, lifted her legs, pulled up her gown and touched herself.

Her cunt lips have never been so swollen and sensitive to touch, as the play icon appeared on the TV screen. She lifted the remote and pushed play button.

A slow moving collage of nude bodies, butts, dick, cunts, thick gleaning brown, pink and black dicks being sucked, ejecting thick wads of spunk on sexy female faces, boobs, butts, open cunts and assholes filled the screen, accompanied with exciting music, moans, pleasure cries, whacking sounds of hunks fucking hot sluts. Mesmerized by the crystal clear skin textures, body part details.

Sangeeta increased the sound level, lifted the bigger dick like dildo and smelled its manly odor. Excited further, she opened her mouth and let he knob of the dildo slide in and immediacy started to suck it hungrily.

"Ahhh....oh God...it feels so good to suck a Lund..."

Her mind wondered and cursed her own deprivations, of never having sucked a real dick. Sangeeta started to hungrily suck on the real penis lookalike dildo and kept pushing further in mouth, till it reached her throat.
