 These stories are a collaboration between YourLittleGirl9 and Youbadboy, each writing their own pieces to the story. They start with YLG9 in Movie Munchies and go on from there... 

*************************************

I can Not believe what you did at the movie theater. Wicked little girl. I keep looking at your mouth, so innocent as we drive home. Knowing what you did.

And I take you home. Stand at the door. You thank me for a fun evening. I want to come inside. I kiss your soft, closed mouth. 

"Mmmmm... maybe for a little while." 

And we sit on your sofa, you bring out some more treats that were left over. I say, "No that's fine." 

"Anything to drink?"

"Some Merlot."

"Okay."

And I pull you near next to me, slide you over by me. "Come here." Our legs tangle together and I tell you I want to kiss you, leaning in. I tell you how beautiful you are. 

You say, "It's because you want to fuck me." 

I tell you I will still think you are beautiful after we have fucked. 

You laugh, you say, "See! Is that all I am to you?" and I am distracted by your reasoning.

But even while you say all that, I love your stream of words. I am already kissing you. You hold my face, my cheeks, and look at me, you look at me very seriously. 

I say, "What?" 

You just look at me and say nothing, and then close your eyes - those luscious green eyes and tip your mouth to me. I kiss you again. So delicious. And we play. I sip my wine, you sip yours, and we taste the wine on our tongues. Sometimes you kiss me with your eyes open, sometimes you play with my hair.

And that is what we do for a long time, slowly sinking lower and lower onto the sofa. There is music, but I have no idea what it is. There is only you in the whole universe right now, and it is warm. Somehow, we are laying side by side, our legs still tangled and we are still kissing. Our hands are roaming now, I am so hard again. You touch me and giggle. And I lay my hand right over the crotch of your blue jeans and squeeze. I swear I can feel you squishing in there, warm. You let me.

You lean back from me and watch my hands lay on your breasts. I simply rub you, rub your tummy rub your breasts, lay my hand over your throat, run a line around your lips. Kiss you again. You watch me, all quiet. Sort of shy. We have all the time in the world.

I tug the blouse out from your jeans and begin to unbutton you. Pull your top open and look at your breasts, and touch your soft skin and lean in and kiss you there, lick you and kiss you. I kiss up to your neck, chew along your jaw line and breath in your ear. Say silly things, like what a treasure you are. Tell you I am looking for buried treasure, have you got any? 

"Tell me where it is," and I begin to play between your legs, poke and squeeze. 

You take me by the hand saying, "I'll show you," and we walk to your room. I finish undressing you by the bed and lay you down on the mattress, leave the sheets pulled back, looking at you the whole time. God.....I love your pussy.

That moment just before you know you are about to be fucked. 

You watch me undress and my cock is pointing straight up again and you laugh. And I lay in next to you and we just wrap ourselves around each other, feel our skin. Just a little light, I want to see you. And I trace lines over you, along your legs, trace the bone of your thigh, touch your belly button. I say, "Hi", acquaint myself with naked you.

I pull you to me, lower myself, scootching down on the mattress and pull your legs open a little. And I lay my cheek right at your tummy, rub my lips over the whisp of hair growing there. Begin to eat. Lick and suck and hold you open. My turn. And I drink you in, open your legs so wide, open you up, can see your pink slit from ass to front. You are a little shy, I think, letting me look right up into your cunny, pull you open, touch your clit, watch your nakedness, dig my fingers in. 

I push my fingers into you as I eat you, lick you until you are squirming underneath me. Oh my god I want to eat you, taste you. Oh my god. You are getting so wet and squirming beneath me. I love the way you feel. I feel your hands in my hair. 

I suck on you, chew your clit, let it out all shiny, and draw these wondrous little circles until you are squirming around my hands and all I do is hold myself there and let you push and squeeze and rub yourself into my hand. Harder and harder and harder. You are grinding yourself against me. I want you to cum, cum right there, cum with my touch and I reach up in you and stroke the inside of your vagina, soft and then harder. Rubbing you over that little rough spot up inside, dig into you and feel your body trembling against me. You grab my head and push me into your thighs. I can barely breath, you are crying out, panting. "Oh god oh god..." and I let you thrash beneath me, just holding on for dear life. My little girl is cumming. God I love the way you feel. Your eyes are on fire, panting, your cunt this hungry open wound. And I suck and suck and suck. Still aching for you as I do.

As you slow your movements, fall back on the bed I sidle up by you and begin to kiss you soft again. You do not move. You laugh a little, and lean in to me, turn yourself. And then we kiss and kiss and kiss.

I am not done with you girl. When you let me, I begin to slide my fingers up in you again. You are soaking wet, and we turn to each other, I press you back into the mattress again. I rise up and lay against you. We touch our bellies together. I want to fuck you. I need to feel myself inside you, and we watch my cock touch up between your legs. Your knees bent, and held open. Your hair is everywhere, you look dissolved, hungry, wild. And I press into you, my whole length, looking into your eyes as I enter you.

So slow, hold you to me, and then slide back out. We can see my shiny cock leave your body and then press back in. 

"Does it hurt?"

"A little." 

I move slow, let you feel me enter you deep and then slide back out. Your belly filling with me, our heat. I can feel your breath on my chest.

You hold my arms and I lay myself on you and we kiss again. God I love to kiss you. You chew my lower lip, knowing how I love that. And I fuck you. Gloriously fuck you. Moving on you gradually faster, I am getting hungrier and hungrier. Pressing into you, you bobbing up with each thrust holding your legs open for me. Oh it feels so good, your tight little puss. Your peachfish. I ask my little girl if her peachfish likes getting fucked. You can barely speak now. And I begin to pound into you, harder and harder. Lifting myself up, running my hard cock along your clit, drive straight into you.

And I reach back, cradle the small of your back and reach lower, lower, dig my fingers into the crack of your ass, and find your little anus and press a finger in. Your eyes widen, and I press my whole finger in. Ass fuck you with my finger and press back against my cock from inside you, fucking you hard and holding you against me with my fingers up inside you. Your body is pressed against me, and we kiss and fall down into that mattress until I feel my cum rising again. I tell you I am going cum in you, fill you. You are drinking me with your other mouth, your wet open mouth. And I grind you against me, until you are cumming again. We are one, vanishing, clinging to one another. Pressing ourselves together, consumed, consuming. I spray into you and feel your vagina contract tight around me, pulse into my body.

We are loud, we do not even know that we are loud. And then I lay my head beside yours, fall into the mattress, laying crossways my chest right beside you. Utterly disheveled, we are just stains in the sheets. Our bodies are hot and wet. I run my hand along your front, over your belly soaking wet. My finger slides along your tummy. Oh skin, everywhere skin.Our flesh. Our bodies.

I notice your teeth, the redness of your mouth and turn myself to you, fall out of you and push my one leg up between your legs, and feel your wetness my cum against my thigh. Hug you to me. We kiss again. Your mouth is cold, we laugh, talk about how ridiculous we are.

"Can I stay here tonite?" 

"You already are."

....And that is what we did when we got home.