 Don't you think it will be hot to for me to suck your cock while you are driving? Ummm I think when I see you next that's what I will do. I mean I do owe you that don't I? You and I driving down the highway, your pants to your knees while leaning over your cock slowly bringing it into my warn waiting wet mouth all the way to the back of my throat. My right hand following my lips up and down your cock. I would feel your right hand on the back of my head as you push my mouth down until my lips touch your pubic hair. I would hear you moan because you love feeling your cock sliding down and into my throat. Oh yea, that's definitely what I want to do for you. You taste so good Baby. I can't wait to feel your cum shoot down the back of my throat.

I love when you grab the back of my hair and push my mouth down as far as it can go. You are so aggressive and I love that so much about you. When I hear how good I am making you feel I get so wet. Just listening to you moan has my legs shaking and my knees weak. When you tell me your going to cum I expect you to shoot your cum down the back of my throat but you pull my hair back and your cum shoots in my mouth and on my chin. Damn that's so hot and you taste so fucking good. I will put my mouth back on you and take every bit you can give me. 

When you look at me I can cum. You are so sexy I can stare at you for hours and still wouldn't get enough of you. You know you have this control over me. Then you tell me to play with myself while going down the highway. I pretty much lose it. I will be so excited as I hike up my skirt and put one foot on the dash board and start to play with my soaking wet pussy. It will feel so nice. My clit will be so hard. You will reach over and put a finger inside me while I am rubbing my clit. You will then insert two fingers into my soaked cunt. That shit is going to feel so nice. You pump your fingers so slowly inside me as I am rubbing my clit in small circles. I can hear the juices on my pussy making these squishy noises as I play with myself. 

You always tell me you love when my breathing becomes deep and I am saying your name over and over and over again. My own hands move down to yours and I also insert a finger inside my already fingered pussy. Fuck that is the best feeling when both our fingers are moving inside me. I know I am going to cum. I know while you are driving and our fingers fuck me so thoroughly I am going to cum so hard.

Damn baby when you take your fingers from inside me and put them in my mouth to taste myself I almost go over the edge. I want you to taste me too and I dip my fingers into my pussy and you open your mouth and suck on my fingers. I know once you smell and taste my sex you get that look in your eyes. You know the one that tells me I am about to be fucked so hard and good.

You pull over to the side of the road and come to the passenger side and open the door and bend me over the seat so my ass is sticking up and my head by the gear shift. You plunge your cock inside me with one long thrust. All eight inches of you buried deep inside my throbbing wet hot pussy. You are so large and you just fuck me so fast and pumping inside me until I think I will scream with the pleasure you are giving me. Damn Baby, I love this about you...when you want me so badly you just take it from me no matter where were are or what we are doing.

As my ass is in the air bent over the seat you pull two handfuls of hair and fuck me so hard. I feel your cock enter my womb and I scream with the pain and pleasure you are giving me. I won't be able to wait and feel you cum inside me baby, you always leave me so breathless. It won't take so long before we are both Cumming. My pussy will start contracting around your dick and my juices will squirt around your large cock and you will shoot your load inside me. It will feel so good baby I know it will. You will smack my ass and tell me to get back into the car. You will get in the car and kiss me on my mouth and tell me we are almost home. At this point I wont care where we go at that moment I will just be glad I am with you. You are so sexy and so sweet to me. I love fucking you and I love when you are fucking me. You are such an angel and I want to keep you around for a very long time…