 This is an email I sent to my online "friend" this morning regarding what I fantasize it will be like when we finally meet. I'd love to have reactions, as he has yet to read it. 

So it's mid-afternoon on a weekend and I'm sitting in a pub in Fremont with the sole intention of meeting you for the first time. We still haven't exchanged pictures but I've told you that you'll know it's me by the glasses of scotch and water that will be sitting in front of me. Although we're supposed to meet at 4, I've gotten there early so that I'll have infused myself with liquid courage. In doing so, I've caught the attention of bartender and the guys next to me, who decide to chat me up. We talk about sports, make ribald jokes, and generally are having a good time. I'm so relaxed and in the moment that I have no idea what time it is and that you've come in. The moment before I realize from the expressions of the men around me that you're behind me, I feel your breath on my ear saying hello. I shiver at the contact, but try to hold back any outward sign so you don't realize how worked up I've been over seeing you. 

I smile my goodbyes to the men on my left, which are perfunctory at best, and turn to my right to focus solely on you. You're the one I want to talk to, not them. You have a smug smile on your face because despite my best intentions to appear calm and collected, because that's what I do, you know. You know that by the time we do anything -- and it's inevitable that this time we will do something -- I'll be wet for you. You know you've done this to me and it makes you smug. I both hate being so transparent and relish the fact that I am. We end up sitting there for the longest time just looking at each other smiling. I don't know what to say, because we've seemingly said it all, and yet there's still so much to talk about, joke about. Soon enough we've begun talking and it's just as intense and fun as the emails. 

Abruptly, our conversation stops as you throw down some bills and grab my hand and head out the door. I leave my coat behind in the rush and follow you. You look like a man possessed, and I know what it is that you want. I want it too. We walk not talking, not looking at each other...me barely keeping up with your long strides as we walk to your car. Nothing is said. We ride directly to your hotel and get out -- still no words. It's only once the door to your room clicks shut that what once seemed like silence is filled with the almost deafening sound of heaving breathing. It's dark in your room -- only the light coming from in between the curtains offers any illumination, but it doesn't matter how dark it is we still are able to find each other. You push me up against the wall and I willingly go, taking my hands and dragging your mouth to mine. I need to feel it on me -- anywhere on me. The kiss is so unlike anything I've had with my boyfriend that it shocks me. What is sweet and soft with him is hard and violent with you. Holding back for so long makes me want to try and devour you, absorb you any way I can. My passion spurs you on and you realize that I won't break -- that I want it rough, because I can't hold back myself. 

It's cold outside and I'm wearing a sweater, which you yank over my head in your haste to feel skin. I'm still modest, but in my state of arousal I'm soon divested of any propriety about being naked with a man who's in a relationship while I too am in one. My hands that have once been roaming your neck and fisting in your shirt collar are now journeying lower kneading your back and finally cupping your ass. I want to push you into me so that I feel how hard you are. Evidence beyond just the frantic coupling of our mouths that you want me too and need to be inside me as much as I want you there. I surprise you with my aggression and you still only momentarily to laugh into my mouth. But your laugh becomes a growl as you rock into me and feel my need for you through my pants. I'm so wet for you it's crazy. You mouth moves down on me from my mouth to my neck which makes me moan and writhe because it's there I'm most sensitive. Your hands have been playing with my breasts this whole time, but now it's time to remove my bra and I'm nervous that you won't like me. But you're surprisingly skilled at taking it off and I can hardly keep those insecure thoughts in my head once you touch my naked skin. 

Heavy in your hand, you begin kissing them too making me beg for more. You're almost kneeling now to get to them since I'm shorter, and god how I want you to get to them. You grab me to you and move to the bed. In the dark we almost tumble down, but the clumsy nature of our fall does nothing to embarrass either of us since we're so caught up in the moment. I have my hands on your stomach pushing your shirt up. I want to feel you. I need to feel you. You help me with your shirt only so I'll stop covering my breasts with my arms while reaching for you. Once we're rid of it, you go back to focusing on licking me, biting me, sucking me. God it's so good. I hardly remember it ever being this good. The intensity that's built up makes it so amazing I can hardly stand it. But the waiting is over. I want you now! I bring your head up to my face and tell you in the dark where I can barely see you that I want you to fuck me. Hard. You groan like you're in pain, but I know that it's not pain only relief. You're close to cumming -- and I want you to cum. But I want you to cum inside me. I need to feel you inside me. 

I reach for your pants and begin taking them off. I can feel the ridge of your cock and at once it scares me with it's size and makes me swoon for the same reason. In my focused state I'm totally unaware that you've rid me of my pants and am completely caught off guard when you thrust your fingers into my waiting cunt. I cum just from that touch. God, how I've longed to feel you do just that..to have you pump your hand inside me to ready me for you. My hands are like vices on your hips; the pleasure is so intense that I've grabbed you to keep myself attached to something solid while my world collides and separates. I shatter. I can only hear your strangled moan of "fuck" as I come back down. But it's not enough. I can't get enough. I want your cock. 

You've gotten your pants off by yourself and I sigh almost dreamily as I touch it for the first time. I grab you and stroke you, rubbing your pre-cum along your seam wanting you to shatter like I have. You have other plans. You don't want to waste anything on a hand job, so you still me and brush my hand away replacing it with your own. You take your cock and guide it to my dripping pussy. You want to ram it in, but you don't want to hurt me, so you begin to gently press in. I don't want you to hold back so I grab your ass and thrust my hips forward asking you to fuck me like you mean it. Somehow this sets you off -- gives you permission to take me as you want to -- and you let go and begin to move harder and faster. My litany of curses and cries for harder only spurs you on. Harder. Harder. Harder. Your thrusts are literally forcing us up the bed and I can't get enough. You're mashing my clit with your thrusts and I think that I'm going to combust with how good the feelings are bombarding me. You must be as overwhelmed as I because you grunt into my ear that you're going to cum. Seconds later your release hits both of us and it's stunning. You collapse on me panting like I am and I hmmmm to myself in pleasure while stroking your head and back. Thinking that you're crushing me you try to move but I hold you down telling you how I want to feel you buried in me and your weight pressing me down. It's what's keeping me from floating away. You laugh at how corny that is but also how good it feels to just be. We doze off that way, you still in me and on me...and me with a smile upon my face.