 My wrists are bound together behind my back.  On my knees on the bed, bent over so my shoulders are down on the mattress, I wait for you. Naked, my nipples are aching and hard, and I'm already so wet in anticipation of your arrival. Silently begging you to hurry, please hurry, please come to me to satisfy my longing, my lust, the sheer need I have for you, the need to feel your skin, your breath, your cock... Begging you in my head, but knowing you'll take your time - you love to make me wait for you.

I hear your keys in the lock and my pulse races as my breath quickens. You won't come to me immediately, but will take your time hanging up your coat, checking the mail - the usual things one does when first arriving home. Your footsteps sound in the hallway behind me and I hold my breath for a moment, but let it out again slowly when you pass by the doorway with no words to me. I wait a moment, tense and ready, but still you make me wait. I'm lost in thought, in my need for you when you enter - you don't speak, but I hear the metallic jangle of your belt buckle coming undone, the quick zzzip, and your pants falling to the floor. Your hands are on my hips, gripping hard, pulling me to you, and in one long, easy stroke, you're deep inside me.

Your fingers dig further into my skin as you pump fast and rough, in and out and back again, using my hot, slick pussy hard to work out the day's annoyances. One hand in the middle of my back now, pushing me down into the mattress, forcing my ass higher up into the air. Your breathing is ragged, I can hear the wet sounds of our skin coming together, but still you say nothing to me. After another deep thrust or two, you pull out, grab a handful of my hair and pull me back towards you, and then off the bed. I've hardly settled onto my knees before your cock is urgently pressing its way between my lips to be worshiped, loved by my mouth.

I open my lips to you as you push in, covering your hot skin with my tongue, and the taste of me on your dick is almost enough to make me come right then. Your hands are in my hair, pulling me to you, pushing me away from you, forcing me to take all of you into my throat. You pull almost all the way out, then slowly, oh so slowly feed me your cock an inch at a time, pulling back if I try to take more. You thrust lightly in and out, taking your time, reveling in the sensation, nothing more on your mind than the way my tongue feels as it glides back and forth over your skin, my eyes never leaving yours.

You pull out again after what seems like only a moment, and pull me to my feet and push me back onto the bed, my arms still cuffed and straining behind me. You push my legs up as far as they'll go as you thrust your cock so deeply into me over and over and over again. I feel my orgasm building, you feel so fucking good, and before I know it, before I can stop myself, I'm coming, screaming out for you.

You withdraw again and stand still, waiting for me to clean my come from you, and once I've caught my breath, I do. I bend to you, licking your cock, making soft sucking noises - I don't want to leave any of it. As I take the head of your dick back between my lips, I feel you swelling, so hard and so much bigger than I remember you. You groan way back in your throat and tangle your hands in my hair once again, pulling hard, pulling my face close to you, thrusting yourself as far into my mouth as you can. I know it won't be long now, and increase the speed with which I'm licking you, knowing what you want, knowing what you need from me. 

As you start to come, you force yourself into my throat - you want me to choke on your cock, and I do. My lips hug the base of your dick now, and the first spurt of your creamy, hot come lands at the back of my tongue. I swallow you greedily but let a single drop escape my lips and it falls to the floor like an errant snowflake, singular in its beauty.