 The bride and bridesmaids walked towards me, every one of the six young ladies were quite lovely to look at.

One however was simply stunning. Tall and slim with red hair that shone as if it was on fire in the weak sunlight of the spring morning. Her dark red dress clung to every contour of her figure as if it was part of her.

I held the door of the vintage Rolls Royce open for Claire, the bride, she ducked her head to climb in, and I turned my head, just a second after seeing her pure white dress fall away from her breast, exposing to me the soft flesh that I knew her husband would be the next man to see.

The redhead opened the door on the other side of the car to help Claire arrange her dress and veil. She too leaned forwards into the car, but this time I was transfixed and could not look away.

I had a perfect view as her dress fell forwards, just as Claire's had. Exposing to me two small titties, held in a burgundy lace bra. Her skin was pale, freckled and looked as soft as silk.

I pictured the head of my cock, sliding into the inviting valley between her sweet breasts. For a moment I saw my cum coating that smooth skin and running into the dark lace, towards her soft pink nipples.

I looked away, before she looked up. I could feel my cock swelling in my trousers.

As I drove to the church the vibrations from the engine of the 1930s engine worked their way through the seat and pedals, into my arse and legs, keeping my cock in a state of semi-readiness.

She was already waiting as I pulled up outside the church, and came to the car door as I opened it.

"Would you hold my bouquet while I help Claire out of the car?" She asked me. Her pale green eyes twinkling mischievously as they found mine.

As I took the flowers from her, her hand found mine beneath the blooms and for a moment as we made contact, her lips parted slightly and her eyes narrowed.

A buzz of electricity shot through my skin and straight to my semi rigid penis.

I tried not to think of her as I carried out my tasks for the rest of the job.

As I released the pressure from the champagne bottle to pour for the newlyweds, she was watching me. 

I briefly pictured letting the pale liquid poor between her perfect tits and down her naked flesh towards her soft belly and fiery bushed pussy. The effervescent drink, mixing with her musky juice as it ran between her sensitive, open labia.

I brought myself to my senses, handing the glasses to the happy couple.

By the time we arrived at the country hotel reception the rain was torrential.

I stood under a large umbrella, holding the door ajar as bride and groom waited for the deluge to abate.

She was there again, beside me, sheltering with me. Close enough for me to feel the heat of her body. The soft scent of her perfume filling my senses.

She leaned in close to me.

"I saw you looking at my tits earlier. Liked what you saw I hope?"

I spun to face her, startled.

"I, err, well, umm, yes, yes I did. I mean I do!"

"Hmm, shame you're not around for longer, you never know what you might have seen later."

The rain let off enough for me to let the Bride and Groom out of the car. Guests started to gather around to congratulate them. Everybody talking at once.

I stepped away from the throng and watched from a distance until I would be able to take the car away.

A voice behind me, "Hey, you owe me something!"

Her again. My cock reacted before I did, jumping to attention in my suit trousers.

"I'm sorry," I spun around, "I owe you something?"

"Yeah. You had a good old gawp at my knockers earlier. I figure that means you need to repay me."

"Hang on a minute," I replied, "I think you're going a bit far to say I saw anything. I mean you were... are wearing underwear."

"Maybe so, but can you imagine the questions you'd have answer if I happened to mention something to Claire? Now I reckon you saw plenty earlier, and judging by your embarrassment outside the church you know you did a bad thing.

So all you have to do is repay me and we'll say nothing more."

I opened my mouth to protest, but she gently placed a slender finger on my lips and leaned into my ear to whisper.

"You owe me, and I think I know how we can call this quits."

You are going to have to give me a very large, very long and quite noisy orgasm. I'll meet you back at your car in five minutes."

Without a second glance she turned and walked away from me.

By the time I returned to my car, I was quite worked up enough to make her cum as hard as I possibly could. 

Every one else had gone into the reception, there was just one person left and she was sitting on the soft cream leather rear seat. Alongside her was a burgundy lace g-string.

I drove the car to the far end of the car park, it was deserted there and hidden from the main hotel building.

By the time I joined her in the back of the car she had hitched up her dress and opened her legs to reveal her sweet pussy.

I knelt on the sheepskin rug between her thighs and slowly started to lick.

I ran my tongue gently around the outside of her lips, barely touching them. The sweet scent of arousal telling me that she was enjoying my actions.

I licked the full length of her opening, pausing briefly to thrust my tongue as deep inside her as I could. Tasting her nectar. Then on to her clitoris, nipping it gently between my teeth before sucking it into my mouth.

As I sucked on her clit I slid one, then two, then three fingers deep inside her cunt. Pushing them in hard up to my knuckles I teased the tip of her cervix. Running my middle finger along the opening, feeling it soften and give beneath my touch.

She started to buck her hips, making it impossible for me to continue sucking her twat, so I lifted myself on to the seat next to her and kissed her, thrusting my tongue onto her mouth.

I started to stroke the ridged inside of her cunt, running my fingers over her g-spot, she sucked my tongue into her mouth, deep throating it. I so wanted it to be my cock sliding down her throat.

She seemed to sense my desire and started clawing at my trousers.

"Fuck me, fuck me now... hard." She begged.

In an instant my cock was free from its bounds, aching to be inside her. I slowly rubbed my tip along the length of her twat, as desperate as we both were, I still wanted to prolong it.

She grabbed my arse and pulled me into her, I went deep, very deep. Feeling the end of my dick hitting up against her inside. She wrapped her legs around me, squeezing me into her.

"Come on, fuck me. Fuck me hard. Make me cum, make me cum. Oh my fucking god, I'm going to cum, I'm going to..."

I watched her face as her eyes rolled, her mouth making a silent "O" shape. Her neck flushed red.

She held me tight, I could feel her pussy pulsing on my prick. Her hips bucked, she shuddered. A long low moan came from deep in her throat. For about fifteen seconds she held onto me breathing so deeply, shaking ever so slightly.

Then she looked straight into my eyes and smiled, "Not bad."

I must have looked a little dejected.

"Oh don't worry, sweetheart," she said, "you're going to cum now. In my mouth."

She pushed me onto the seat and knelt between my legs. She ran her tongue from my balls to the very tip of my manhood.

"Oh I love the taste of my cum on a man's dick." She giggled.

Then she took my entire length into her throat. Her tongue played across the sensitive underside of my cock. Gently she caressed my bollocks and ran her fingers across my perineum.

I knew I wasn't going to be able to hold back for long, so I let myself go. Pumping thick wads of my spunk into her face. She sucked as much as she could, pulling my cock deeper into herself. I couldn't stop though, she started to gag and pulled away from me as I finished off pumping my load over her face.

For a couple of minutes we were both speechless.

Then we started to laugh, "You better drop me back at the main door on your way out." She said, "I need a stiff drink."

As I was locking the car up at the end of the day, I found a pair of burgundy lace panties on the floor in the back.

I think I'll keep those as a souvenir of the best job I've ever had.