 PRELUDE

Carol and her girlfriend Paula had met for lunch and they were engaged in a somewhat heated discussion. Carol had been seeing a guy named Walt for several weeks when he came to town. He was a computer software salesman and was in town three days and two nights a week. On those visits, Carol would spend the two nights with him in his hotel room. Paula trued to get Carol to break it off with him.

"Carol, this guy is just using you for sex when he comes to town."

"So, what, it is great sex and I love being with him."

"There is no future with him. He's married."

"I'm not looking for a future with him. I know he's married, he was straight forward about that. I love the way he makes me feel, like I'm special."

"What about Mitch?"

"What about him? I still date him on the weekends."

"Does he know about Walt?"

"No only you and I know about Walt. It better stay that way too."

"I still think you should dump him."

"That is not going to happen. he makes me feel incredible. He does things with his tongue and mouth that no one had ever done to me. There have been times when I orgamsed twice before he put his big dick in me."

"A relationship should not be just about sex."

"This is not a relationship. It is all about sex, great sex. I think that you are jealous."

"I am not.'

The truth be told however, Paula was envious of Carol. Walt was a stud, a chick magnet at 6'1" and a fit 190 pounds at 31 years of age. Paula was the type of young woman who one would expect that Walt would pursue. She had long silky brown hair, a 36-28-36 figure and she was quite lovely. The light brown curly-haired Carol on the other hand was 5'5'' and a slender 110 pounds. She was fit with nice legs, a flat chest and cute bottom. Carol's figure was close to 32-26-34. She could be called cute rather than pretty. Both Carol and Paula were 28 years old. 

Paula was in a relationship with Byron a 35-year-old successful attorney. They made a handsome couple but Byron was not a great lover and when Paula listened to Carol, it did make her envy her close friend. Paula had to admit that her pussy got wet when Carol described an evening with Walt. Was she truly interested in Carol's well being or was it because she envied her that she urged her girlfriend to break it off with Walt? 

"I think that you are. Anyway, I am going to keep seeing him and he will be back next Tuesday."

"Okay, let's change the topic. Are you and Mitch dating this weekend?"

"Yes, on Saturday but nothing definite yet."

"Want to meet Byron and I for dinner and dancing?"

"I'll suggest it to Mitch and get back to you later today."

The two young women finished their lunch and returned to work. They both worked for the same company which is how they became friends. It was Friday but carol was already looking forward to Tuesday.

FIRST MEETING WALT

It was a Tuesday evening when Carol and Paula went to an upscale hotel lounge with a live band. They were seated at the bar when Walt walked in and most woman's heads turned to check him out. He spotted an opening at the bar next to where Carol was seated and he moved toward it. When Carol realized that he was headed for the space next to her, she just about melted. He moved into the space, smiled at Carol and Paula and ordered a drink.

"Glenlivet scotch neat with a water back."

"I'm sorry sir we don't have Glenlivet," the bartender replied and named single malts that they did have.

"I'll have the Oban then."

Carol then spoke trying to be cute, "Did you drink it all the last time you were here?"

Walt looked at her and smiled. Then he looked at the lovely Paula and smiled at her. Carol thought to herself, that was always the way it was when she was with Paula. The guys always went for her, however, not this time. Walt saw that Carol's wind glass was empty.

"It's my first time here. What are you drinking?"

"Moscato."

"Give the lady another wine, please."

He ignored Paula, whose glass was almost empty. She quickly downed the last sip and ordered another Chardonnay. Walt did not offer to pay for her drink, he told the bartender to put Carol's wine on his tab. The band returned for another set and began with a slow song. Walt smiled and spoke to Carol.

"Would you like to dance?"

Somewhat speechless, Carol nodded in the affirmative. Walt led her out to the dance floor and they began to dance. Before the song was over, they were so close that a ray of light could not have passed between their bodies. Paula stared at her girlfriend with the handsome stranger. That was not the way things normally happened, Paula was the one who always got hit on and was asked to dance. Carol and Walt danced to two more songs and with her legs between his, she could feel his erection against her thigh. He felt huge. They returned to the bar and Carol spotted the look of disdain on Paula's face.

"Carol are you ready to leave? I'm going to finish my wine and go."

"No, I'm going to stay a while longer."

The two friends had driven separately since they lived in different parts of town, so Carol did not need a ride. Paula finished her drink and left the lounge reminding Carol that it was a work day tomorrow. Carol nodded and told Paula that she would see her on Wednesday. Walt and Carol danced some more, had another drink and she knew that she would give herself to him. She had no idea what was instore for her that night. When Walt invited her to his room she enthusiastically accepted. She was really surprised when the elevator brought them to one of the penthouse suites.

"You travel in style."

"Just this week. I have a presentation here tomorrow. We're having lunch first and then the presentation to 10 executives."

"Wow that's a big deal."

"It can be, I hope so. Here we are."

Walt opened the door and they stepped inside. He took carol in his arms and kissed her. She returned the kiss and when his tongue entered her mouth, it took her breath away. He unzipped the back of her dress and pulled it off her shoulders. She broke the kiss and whispered.

"If you want boobs, you'll be disappointed."

He did not reply but pulled the dress down to her waist. She never wore a bra as she did not need one. He fastened his mouth to her breasts ands sucked on her nipple. Carol was thrilled that he kissed and sucked on her sensitive nipple. It hardened in his mouth and he gently nibbled it. He picked her up and carried her to the bed and placed her on it. Then he laid bedside her and they resumed kissing. Walt was an excellent kisser and he soon had Carol's juices flowing and had her moaning. She kissed him back and her tongue danced with his when it entered her mouth. 

Walt took her tiny naked nearly nonexistent breasts in his hands. He caressed her tits and tweaked her nipples with his fingers. She moaned and groaned in his mouth in response to the foreplay. He moved his mouth back to her tits and sucked gently on her nipples and placed loving kisses all over her chest. Carol threw her head back on the bed and moaned. He pulled her dress off of her body and she lifted her hips off the bed to make it easier for him. Next, he removed her pantyhose and panties at the same time. He moved his head between her legs and placed his mouth on her sopping wet pussy. Carol cradled his head in her hands and guided it to her vulva.

He placed her thighs on her shoulders and dipped his tongue into her pussy. He moved his hands up around her legs and found her nipples. He began to lick and suck on her pussy as he tweaked her rock-hard nipples. She had her head back and her eyes closed as she savored every moment of the skilled oral love making. She felt her climax building in her body and was on the verge of a massive orgasm. She tried to think of ways to delay her orgasm as she wanted the foreplay to last forever but she was too far gone. Carol called out.

"Oh my God, oh my God, this is going to be a quick one."

Walt fastened his mouth to her pussy as he prepared to stay with her throughout her climax. Carol screamed and grabbed his head first to hold it tight and then to push it away as her crescendo rocked her body. But she could not push his head away and he kept at her pussy as she had one orgasm after the other. She drenched his face with her female nectar and her body trembled as chills ran through her. He kept right on eating her after she had cum and the sensation became too intense for her. She was unable to push his head away so she begged him to stop eating her pussy.

"Walt, please stop. Let me rest a few minutes. Oh, that was mind blowing!"

Walt stopped and then he stood up leaving her to recover on the bed. He took off all his suit and the rest of his clothes and then returned to her. She felt his erect cock brush against her naked body when he moved between her legs. Carol looked on in awe at his big erect cock as it stood out from his body. She quickly assessed that it was over 7" and thicker than her past lovers. He eased his cock into her pussy and she wrapped her arms and legs around his body. It felt so good to be filled with a large cock. He took his time fucking her although he came quicker than he wanted. Carol felt him shoot into her womb and it had been a rare occasion when she felt that much of it surge into her. 

Walt remained hard after he ejaculated and continued to fuck her. Now he could pace himself and bring her pleasure as he wanted this to be a moment that she wouldn't soon forget. He always wanted to please women so that they would want him again and again. He fucked her keeping his cock in constant contact with her clit and it seemed like she kept cumming. She was exhausted and sated. She couldn't remember ever being fucked like that and cumming so many times. Carol felt him leave the bed for a few minutes. She closed her eyes feeling wonderful and sexually sated. 

When he returned to the bedroom, he stood by the bed with his erect cock standing straight out from his body. Walt was proud of his muscular chiseled body and he stood by the bed letting her admire it. Carol stared hungrily at his huge cock and then reached out with her petite hand to stroke it. She marveled at its size and compared it to Mitch's smaller dick. He sighed as she masturbated him. There was no way she could take him in her pussy again and her clit was super sensitive.

She leaned forward and her tongue snaked out and lapped at his ball sac lightly, then she gently licked up and down his shaft. Her tongue circled his cock head as she slowly took the head of his penis into her mouth. Her lips slid further down the shaft as she was only able to take about half of his cock in her mouth drawing a moan from him. Carol began to bob her head back and forth on his cock, sucking hard on his huge member and testing her gag line. She was able to get about five inches in her mouth as her soft lips glided smoothly up and down his long cock.

Walt stood before the slender Carol as she sucked ravenously on his impressive cock. Her hand cupped his balls and gently caressed them as her tongue licked at the head of his dick each time it came out of her mouth. He placed his hands on the back of her head and guided her as she gave him an incredible blowjob. He loved the way she sucked his cock. She was so hot and watched her cute face and sensuous mouth. She kept her eyes closed with her lips snugly wrapped around his shaft as she bobbed back and forth. 

She was still incredibly turned on and her pussy was soaked. He brought excitement into her life that night and she realized that she would give herself to him whenever he desired. She was so enamored with his impressive cock; she found that she loved to suck on it. Carol was desperate to please him and to make him cum a second time. She wanted this to be his best blow job ever. She put all her efforts into it and it did not take long to bring him to the edge.

He announced that he was cumming and she clamped down on his cock determined to swallow every drop of his seed. She could feel his cock jerk in her hand as volley after volley bounced off the back of her throat. She swallowed as quickly as she could and did not allow a drop to escape her mouth. She continued to suck on his cock milking it dry of his seed and sucked his manhood dry. She nibbled on his dick head causing him to shiver and he pushed her away. He smiled at her and get back in bed with her and she was thrilled when he kissed her. He whispered to her.

"Let's rest a while."

"Yes, let's."

Later that night or early in the morning he knelt before her and kissed her from her knee up her soft thighs towards her womanhood. He took in the erotic smell of her as he kissed her smooth creamy white skin just beside her vagina. Carol's heart pounded as she watched her new lover lick her. Her cunt lips quivered as he teased them with his tongue and kissed her everywhere, she desired. The tongue was long and probed deep into the inner walls of her pussy unconcerned that he had cum in her earlier.

Carol ran her hands over her body cupping her very tiny breasts and rolling her nipples between her fingertips. His tongue snaked around in her snatch. She moaned in pleasure and frustration as he continued to arouse her. He again wiggled his tongue deep within her pussy before nudging her clit. She twitched as a spark of pleasure shot through her body. He slid his hands under her cute curvy ass and lovingly cupped her shapely buttocks. He sucked her clit into his mouth and held it between his lips as he ran his tongue over the hard-little pearl. Carol arched her back as she felt yet another orgasm approach.

"Oh yes, oh yes. Oh my God."

She grabbed his head with both hands and pulled his face harder into her crotch. She vigorously humped his face as his tongue danced over her super sensitive cit. Her thighs clamped around his head and her entire body trembled as she came again almost violently. Carol felt her pussy pulsating as she covered his face with her female juices. Spent, she collapsed back on the bed releasing him in the process.

Walt raised himself up and knelt between her legs. His huge cock looked intimidating as it hovered above her hips. She thought it would be impossible for her to cum again but she knew that he would. He held his cock and lined up the swollen head with the entrance to her sex. He pushed forward slightly allowing her pussy to open up for his impressive cock. He was about half way in when he pulled out and then slowly eased back into her causing her to moan in pleasure. He would push in a little and then pull out a little slowly working his cock deeper and deeper into her vagina. Once his entire cock was buried in her, Carol sighed feeling the fantastic sensation to be that full.

Walt fucked her using long slow hard strokes. She locked her legs around his ass and pulled him into her. He began to fuck her harder and faster. She was at the mercy of his stiff organ as it pounded her pussy. Carol was really a good fuck. Walt fucked her until he came for the last time. He slipped his cock from her womb and she felt the void in her pussy as his cock left her body. She gasped as the coolness of the air touched her vacant pussy. They cuddled together briefly and Carol saw the time. It was 1:30 AM.

"I need to get home. I have to be at work in the morning."

"You're welcome to stay the night."

"I don't want to go in wearing the same clothes."

"Gotcha, I'll walk you down to your car."

Carol freshened up quickly and got dressed. Walt put on a warm up outfit and escorted her out to her car. In addition to being a fantastic lover, he was a real gentleman. Carol asked him."

"Can I see you tonight?"

"Certainly, come by after work and I'll take you to dinner."

"Is it alright if I bring and overnight bag?"

"Most definitely, I'll see you this evening."

Walt kissed her goodnight and waited until she drove off. He was pleased with Carol as a lover and looked forward to seeing her again. She too was pleased as she drove home after the having the best sex she could remember.

ENCORE

Wednesday night after work, Carol headed for the hotel. She was so hot that she couldn't wait to have Walt's cock in her pussy. She wanted to go right to bed before dinner. He had planned to take her out but now they would opt for room service. They kissed and then Walt undressed her. The dress fell around her ankles and she flopped back on the bed. He eased her pantyhose off her and then her panties. Carol had a cute pussy with a little tuft of brown hair above the opening. She was dripping wet when he slid his tongue across her labia and then worked it into her sweet passage. 

Carol stiffened and came with a mild orgasm as he slipped his tongue in and searched for her hooded clit. She screamed out loud when the tongue touched her clit. Walt pushed her legs further apart and spread her lips open with his fingers. Her erect clit was standing straight out and ne bit it lightly. She jumped with pleasure and moaned loudly. He continued to lick and nibble her clit until she lost it and sprayed his face with her female love juice. Walt stood up and removed all of his clothes as shel lay on the bed recuperating. 

Carol looked at my hard cock as he approached her and once again see she was pleased and anxious to feel it in her pussy. He started fucking her slowly but then he needed to cum and he picked up the pace. She fucked back at him throwing her pussy up at him as he plunged his cock deep in her hole. They were both fucking frantically now and racing toward mutual orgasms. He was out of control as his seed flew out of his cock and splashed against her vaginal walls and deep into her pussy. She strained as she too had another intense orgasm and she worked to keep her clit in contact with the cock. They started to move slower and regain their composure. They were dripping wet with perspiration.

"Oh my, this was much better than going out to eat."

"We can rest a few minutes and then I call room service. Would you like a drink?"

"Sure, white wine if you have it."

"I'll check the mini-bar."

Walt got a white wine for her and a scotch for himself. He handed her the room service menu. They nursed their drinks and looked over the menu. Walt then called in their order and got them robes to wear while they waited.

"These are nice and soft."

"Yes, they are, compliments of the hotel."

"I wonder if people ever still them."

"There is a warning sign in the closet. If a robe is missing, the cost will be added to the bill. It's a hefty fee too."

"I guess that discourages them."

"It should but it's a shame that they have to do that. People are weird at times, staying at an expensive hotel and then stealing stuff."

Just then the food was delivered and Walt had the guy place it on the table. He signed the check, adding the gratuity and the employee thank him. He smiled at them clad in the robes.

"Enjoy your evening!"

"We will," Walt replied.

Carol laughed at the exchange and then went to the table. They dined in the room and made small talk learning a bit more about each other. It was obvious he was married and he didn't try to hide it. Carol was cool with that as she was enamored with him. She hoped she would be his girl each time he came to town on business. After dinner, they shed the robes and returned to bed.

They rested in each other's arms and he stroked her body. he loved the touch of her skin, her shapely legs and curvy sexy bottom. Carol loved to have her pussy played with constantly, she got aroused and mounted him. They fucked again until she orgasmed and she seemed insatiable. She rested on his body as he continued to fuck her until he ejaculated. They fell asleep in each other's arms

The next morning Carol was awakened with Walt caressing her body. He had her nipples rock hard and he loved playing with the rigid nubs. She cooed and rolled to her back. He moved between her legs and he knew that she would cum multiple times before she would have to beg him to stop. He never ejaculated with a piss hard-on. Walt was relentless with her and he fucked her continuously until she thought she might pass out.
