 "Hey! It's Emmanuelle!"...I didn't answer, of course. But she insisted.

"I know I haven't contacted you in years, but I wanted to say hi. My message thing says you read my last text. Why won't you answer?"

...maybe because I don't know any Emmanuelle? Still. I was bored. Nothing to do and I supposed I could have fun. 

I responded with a, "Hey! How's it going?"

"At a conference. They're killing me. I know all of this already. Where are you?"

"I moved to a new place, see," I attached a pic of my apartment.

"That's not near Bettendorf, is it?"

"Nope. Try L.A."

"I'll be there next month!" 

She sent me a picture of a beautiful, caramel-colored face in a dramatically bored expression. Just because I was more curious than bored by then and slightly horny, I took a shirtless, faceless pic with my window as background.

She responded almost immediately, "so you joined a gym and stopped tanning. Wow!"

She had sent the hearty-eyed emoticon. I did tan, just not often. I sent her another so she'd see my back, "parkour, actually."

The chat quickly escalated and she had me modeling for her. I could tell she was getting worked up. 

After the sixth picture, I risked it, "hey, you're not getting any more if I don't get something in exchange!"

The response took a few minutes, "just swear you won't tell Ted!" 

Easy to promise since I didn't know the guy. Immediately after, she sent a picture of a delicious butt emerging from a bath tub. 

I sent a heart emote back. She wanted me to lower my jeans. I sent her a pic not showing too much, saying we should meet since she was coming to town.

She said she would be happy see me after all this time. 

Just to seal the deal, I replied with a, "great!" that happened to have a somewhat sideways nude of me, but cropped so she could only see the base of my cock in the dim light.

"You really look different! Way to go!"

"If you want to see more, that'll have to be in person."

"I can't. Ted, remember?"

Emmanuelle and I exchanged messages all month. She never mentioned my "name", so I didn't know who I was supposed to be. 

I didn't know if the guy I was supposed to be was hung like a horse, so I never sent any pictures showing all of me. 

She did send a few pictures where I could see all of her and I knew that, based on her reactions, I was far more tempting than Ted. I never knew if Ted was the boyfriend, husband or what. But her next trip was scheduled.

We were so worked up that I forgot I was supposed to be someone else.

Outside the conference center, there she was, wearing red and black. I was wearing black and blue. I sat in front of her.

"I'm sorry, I'm waiting for someo-"

"I told you about coffee. People here in California go nuts about the Coffee Bean," as I said it, I could see the gears turning in her head. I showed her my phone and hit "send" on a message that contained a greeting. A second later she got it. Her mouth dropped.

"I... You're not..."

"Yeah. I'm not..."

"This has been a terrible mistake. I'm sorry. I mean, I don't know you and..."

"But you know me. I mean, you've even seen me."

That seemed to remind her of the desires she swore she wasn't having. She had mentioned it was all in good fun. In "good fun" she also had sent me a short clip of her fingering herself, so...

"OK. Let's say I say yes to that coffee."

"Let's get it! You're already here and I had promised you I would be your guide in town!"

I had actually said I'd be her guide in my bedroom, but she grinned and said, "well, is this Coffee Bean place nearby?"

"One of them kinda is. Lemme show you the menu," I offered her my phone with the preloaded page, "or..."

"Or...?"

"I mean, if nothing Starbucks-ish is what catches your eye, I happen to have a Nespresso machine at home. I have coffee from Brazil, Peru and other places."

"I've never tried Brazilian coffee."

I offered her my arm in an exaggerated gesture. Just minutes later we were at my place. I was indeed making some coffee. The silence was heavy, I could see her still debating whether to go through with it or not.

I offered her the small cup and I was beginning to feel self conscious because she kept staring at me, but something was off with her expression.

"Hey... it's just that... I mean. I've seen the pictures and still it's kind of hard for me to believe that body is under those clothes. Your frame doesn't look that..."

"Impressive? Wide?" I took her hand and placed it on my upper abdomen. Her fingers moved, her palm didn't. She felt the curves of the abs I hid under my garments.

"Oh. It's there," she whispered.

I took the gamble.

"I believe the third pic I sent you was kind of like this," I took my shirt off, lowered the upper part of my jeans and leaned against the window, "you requested something like this."

She was struggling with words and decisions. I had to remind her of her phrase.

"Hey, it's all in good fun," I grinned.

She smiled and took off most of her clothes, leaving matching underwear. 

Every guy knows matching underwear is no coincidence, but I still decided to take it not as rushed as I wanted to. 

She crossed her arms over her breasts, "I think the third one I sent you was like this."

I stood in my underwear, turned around, stepped out of them without letting her see it all and pressed my hands against a wall, my back on display, "this was one of the latest ones you wanted."

She was leaning sideways to try to see my dick. She momentarily gave up because she took her last garments off. 

Slowly. 

Then she began to finger herself. I couldn't help it. I turned around and walked towards her. Emmanuelle's eyes devoured me with appreciation and she moaned as she kept on masturbating, looking at me intently.

"I've wanted to feel that body for so long now," she whispered to me. I walked closer.

I knelt in front of her, careful not to touch her pussy just yet, I took her wrist and got her hand close to me. I licked her fingers. Her scent awoke the animal in me, and she arched her back when she saw me enjoy her taste. 

We locked eyes. My head slowly approached her thighs and I licked the inner part of her left leg. She gasped almost like a porn star. I assumed she had been saying the truth when she mentioned she had gone for three months without sex and she was really needing it.

I kissed the inside of her other leg and trailed my tongue until I found her clit. I sucked on it and my fingers made their way inside her, curling up and looking for her g-spot.

I kissed, sucked, licked and fingered her until she could take no more, she pulled my hair so hard I thought she was making sure I wasn't wearing a wig or something.

"Hey..." Emmanuelle realized she didn't know my name. "Um..."

"Do you want to know my name?"

"Well, of course!"

"Because you're supposed to? Or do you want to?"

She thought about it and winked, "actually... it's worse without a name."

"I assumed as much," I muttered, my face still a mess, smeared with her. When worse means better.

"I wasn't joking when I said it," she looked at me with hunger, "I have been wanting to feel this body."

Her fingers trailed down my abs. I stood up and fetched the condoms I had stashed in a nearby drawer.

"Noname?" Emmanuelle was looking at the condoms I held.

"Yeah?"

"I want to feel your body."

My step faltered for a second. I was sure I was supposed to ask about birth control, about so many things... but she walked towards my room and I quietly followed.

She threw herself on my bed and watched me walk in. It was one of the moments when I felt gm great about myself. The way she looked at me as I climbed on the bed made me feel wanted.

I placed myself on top of her and I was about to kiss her when she turned her face around, "just...no kissing."

I can't say I understood, but I simply pressed my naked cock against her labia, then pressed harder. I nibbled on her jaw as I slowly felt the wonderful body under me accept my length. She arched her back as I claimed her. Until eventually I was all the way in... she sighed.

Our bodies began to move slowly and quickly enough, our coupling was on a nice, steady pace. I could fuck like that forever, enjoying it and still not getting close as long as my thrusts weren't from tip to base; if I kept pumping with my dick deep in her unprotected pussy, I could spend a good while enjoying her body.

And that was exactly what we did. It was like a cruise pace. My hips moved a little, enough for our orgasms to come near, but so slowly, you could tell it was going to take time. Completely worth it.

In the meantime, her hands grasped my butt and she pressed me against her. After a little while, her fingers touched my abdomen and chest appreciatively. Then, her fingernails traced my back.

At the same time, I licked her breasts, or breathed against her neck, nibbled on her ear, looked at the point where we became one.

There was no mistaking what we were doing. There was no love. Just two individuals appreciating a sexy body that loved sex and had been offered to the other only for enjoyment.

The last lights of the day showered our bodies with a deep orange glow as I made the most of it, the sensation of nothing between my cock and her pussy. We were sweating but not stopping.

Her breathing changed. I felt the difference in the way her pussy hugged me. She was near. I was almost perfect. The sudden realization I was fucking a damn attractive, attached girl without a condom because she wanted to "feel me" sent me over the edge a little earlier.

I groaned and started to cum. I felt my semen squirting deep inside her. She gasped and held on to my back. But I wasn't going to do the selfish thing, I didn't pull out. The spurts of seed kept on coming and my manhood was raw, somewhat sore but I kept on fucking her until I felt her cum.

While not as pleasurable physically to me, to know I was making such a beautiful body cum did a lot for me mentally. The thrusts didn't stop as her body trembled, her lip quivered and she gasped for an eternity...

I kept on sliding in and out until I felt she was done. I pulled out and lowered my torso.

I began to lick her clit again and I heard a gasp of utter disbelief.

"Wow, I've never... I mean... nobody had... You're a kinky one."

"Damn, we taste fucking good together," I said between licks. 

She pulled me up, turned me face up and lowered her face until she was hovering between my legs.

"Really? I didn't get to go down on you before but..." 

A second later, Emmanuelle moaned with her mouth full of my dick when she tasted us.

"Fuck, if you keep on like that, I'll have no choice but to fuck you again. Ah... for a longer time," I warned. When she sucked harder, I said without a hint of a joke, "you're calling in to say you're not feeling well, you'll have to skip your conference or appointment. Tomorrow, you are mine."

She didn't doubt for a split second. She nodded. 

My head fell back of the pillow and I let her suck me to her heart's content. We had time, after all.