 For once my mouth got me into bed rather than into trouble - let me explain…

It started on a Friday night when rather than sitting at home and either waste time on the computer or watch TV, I went down to the local bar. It was a friendly, low key bar – the kind where you easily become a ‘regular’ and get to know most of the other regulars there. I wasn’t really looking for any female company, I mainly wanted a couple of drinks, talk to a few of the others and maybe play a few games of darts before going home, which thankfully was within walking/crawling distance.

There wasn’t anyone else there shooting darts that night, but I felt like throwing a few anyway so I was basically just playing by myself. I’d had about 4 rum & coke and was feeling no pain when Ann came in. Now I’ve seen Ann down there a few times and she never really seemed interested in any of the guys that were there, including me. There was some speculation among the male regulars that she was lesbian. I figured that like me she just liked to get out, relax and hang out with some friends. She always looked good & tonight was no exception, she was wearing a pale yellow tank top that left no doubt that she was braless and a pair of tight shorts that I really couldn’t see a panty line through. If she wasn’t with anyone, it certainly wasn’t because of her looks – she was about 5’7”, maybe 120 lbs, slim but toned and had a pretty face and a great smile. 

She wasn’t stuck up either, she’d talk to anyone that talked to her, but just never seemed to stay and talk to anyone for too long. For that reason I was quite surprised when she grabbed a drink and wandered over to where I was shooting and asked if I wanted someone to play with. I had a few quick thoughts on that subject but with only 4 drinks I was able to keep the thoughts in my head and tell her that I’d love some company. We played a few games and while she was certainly good company she wasn’t much of a dart player, so I held back to keep the games going a bit longer than they would have otherwise. In between games we’d sit and have a drink and chat. 

It was during one of those chats that the additional drinks took over my common sense. We’d already established that both of us had been married, separated and divorced and while we weren’t looking too hard for a serious relationship, neither of us was against the idea if someone good happened to come along. She told me about some (I’m sure not all) of the people she’d dated and she’d certainly run the course from stuffy executives to the sleazy, unemployed types that seemed to come out of the woodwork. We were talking about what we did to keep busy since becoming single again and I told her that it went back and forth between genealogy work, watching the tv, doing repairs to the building I looked after and playing on the computer. When she asked what I did on the computer my mind told me to say “Genealogy, keeping up on computer stuff & emails.” but for some reason my mouth said, “The usual guy stuff...checking out some of the amateur nude sites and read erotica, sometimes I even write some.” It took a second or so for my brain to realize what my mouth had said and I immediately looked at Ann, expecting to see the usual ‘men are perverts’ look on her face. Instead there was a look there that I know hadn’t been there a few minutes ago. It was a mix of interest and curiosity, but there was definitely a ‘hot’ look there as well.

As I was trying to decide whether or not I'd upset her, she said, “I know a lot of guys that look at porn and read dirty stories, but I’ve never met anyone that wrote any before.” 

I told her that what got me into writing was that most of the stuff I read was ‘wham, bam, thank you mam’ kind of stuff but I preferred the ones with a more foreplay and longer, slower sex. I could tell that she was definitely interested now and I was also starting to think that maybe I’d hit on something that turned her on. The talk quickly turned more blatantly sexual and soon we were talking about things we did and didn’t like. Among the more obvious ones like touching, oral sex and what positions we enjoyed I also mentioned that I loved giving body rubs. As soon as I said that, her face lit up that I knew I was on the right track.

While I was trying to think of a way to talk her into letting me give her such a rub, she said that she’d love to have her neck and shoulders rubbed ‘for a start’. I quickly realized that if I did a good job then it would indeed be a start, if not it would be a finish. Thankfully she was wearing the tank top so I had easy access to her neck and shoulders. I moved behind her and quickly went over the whole area, reading with my fingers what areas were tighter than others. As I started to work on the areas that needed it, I could tell she was enjoying it by the way she started to relax and her breathing slowed down. Once I’d worked all the tension out I changed my technique and lightened my finger pressure until it was more of a caress than a massage. I continued with that for a few minutes and then leant forward and whispered in her ear, “Do you like the thought of me using some massage oil and doing the same thing to the rest of your body?”

The long, slow “Mmmmm, ya.” was exactly what I wanted to hear. 

We decided that seeing as my place was closer we’d go there. When we got there, she said that before she got her massage, she wanted to read some of the things I’d written. I suggested we could do both at the same time – I could start on her neck, shoulders and upper back while she read some of my stories. She said that sounded like a great idea so I pulled up the directory with my stories in it and as she sat down to start reading through them I gently grabbed the bottom of her tank top and as I kissed and nibbled on her neck I whispered “let’s get this off shall we?” As I lifted her top, she lifted her arms and there was enough light from the computer screen to easily see that she had a lovely pair of tits and her nipples were already very hard and perky.


I warmed a little massage oil in my hands and started at her neck and worked down over her shoulders, upper arms and upper back. As I was working on her shoulders, she was quickly reading though the stories, skipping past the parts that obviously didn’t interest her and slowing down when she found something she liked. She eventually got to a story I’d written about 2 friends that had bet on a tennis match with the loser giving the winner a massage & I noticed that she slowed right down and was reading every detail. By then I’d gone as low as I could with her sitting in the chair, I started over again at her neck, but this time I started working my hands down over her collar bones until I was cupping her breasts and massaging those beautifully perky nipples. 

Her slow, deep breathing was intermittently broken with short moans of excitement as she read further through the story. It was one I’d written a while ago and I couldn’t remember exactly how it went, but as she scrolled down through the pages it came back to be fairly quickly. I knew by her quick intake of breath when she got to the part where the man (who’d lost) interrupted his massage and started teasing the woman’s asshole with a lubed finger. “Does that interest you?” I asked.

She knew right away what I meant and said “It sounds nasty, but it also sounds like it could be fun if a guy was gentle.” 

“Let’s go to the bedroom and you can find out just how gentle I can be.” was my reply. 

We undressed each other before getting on the bed and I’m sure she was already as wet as I was hard!

As an added bonus I’d noticed that other than a small patch of hair above her mound, the rest of her pussy was cleanly shaved! As much as I wanted to dive in and start licking her shaved slit, I’d promised a massage, so a massage she was going to get! I told her to lay on her back and I’d start with her front. It took me about 15 minutes to work my way from her neck to her toes (of course I lingered at some of the more sensual areas) and by the time I’d finished her feet, I could easily smell the scent of her arousal. 

I gently guided her over onto her stomach and started again at her neck and worked my way down. Her body was perfectly formed, curved and soft in some places and taut and tight in others. When I got to her ass, I skipped down to her feet and worked my way back up. As I approached the globes of her ass, I could feel her legs parting to give me better access. I worked from the outside towards the middle and when I got there I thoroughly enjoyed teasing her by running a slick finger up and down the crack of her ass, each time lingering over her anal pucker. As soon as she started pushing back every time I touched her backdoor I knew she was ready, so I quit teasing and after putting a squirt of massage oil on her ass I started easing my finger in. In a whisper she said “Please go slowly, no one’s ever been there before.”

I’d figured she hadn’t done this often, but I had no idea that she was an anal virgin! The night just kept getting better and better. As I eased more and more of my finger into her ass I could feel her relax as she got accustomed to the intrusion and realized it wasn’t going to hurt. When I had my finger worked all the way in and was able to easily slide it in and out, I knew it was time to taste her. I got a groan of disappointment when I pulled my finger all the way out and guided her onto her back, but it was quickly followed by a moan of pleasure when I parted her legs with my hands and parted her pussy lips with my tongue. 

I love going down on a woman and doubly so when she’s shaved as smooth like Ann was. As my tongue started to explore her shaved treasure, I worked my finger back into her ass. I know a lot of guys who’ll go down on a woman only because they know it increases they’re chances of getting a blow job but I really couldn’t care less – I just love the taste of an excited woman. As her ass re-adjusted to it’s second fingering of the night, I slowly added a second finger to the first and used a couple of fingers from my other hand to slide in and out of her slit while my tongue was busy with her clit. It might have been 5 minutes, it might have been 15, I don’t know, but however long it took was well worth it when her whole body tightened up, her ass came right up off the bed and she came with a scream that I was sure could have been heard for several houses around. I kept right on licking and fingering through several 'aftershocks’ until she fell back limp on the bed. 

I moved up beside her and pulled her close to me. We held each other like that for a few minutes until she’d recovered from her first orgasm. It wasn’t long before we shared our first kiss of the night and her hands were exploring my body. Her fingers were soon wrapped around my hardon which was starting to feel like it would burst all on it’s own. As we kissed, she rolled me over onto my back and began kissing her way down my chest until I could feel her hot breath on my cock. She teased me with her tongue for a few minutes before starting to take me into her mouth. As horny as I was, I knew it wouldn’t take long before I was going to explode & I warned her of exactly that. It didn’t slow her down any and if anything she started sucking with even more vigour. 

That was all it took for me to erupt into her mouth. She did her best not to let any escape, but as she looked up and smiled, I could see that some had escaped from the corner of her mouth. I pulled her up to me and started to wipe it off with a finger but changed my mind. Instead I leant forward and licked it off with my tongue, which quickly turned into the hottest, most erotic kiss I’d ever had in my life. I’d never tasted my own cum before but when our tongues crossed I quickly found that I was really turned on by the taste of my cum and especially the fact that I was getting it from her mouth. That’s the only reason I can think of that instead of going soft after such a blowjob, I stayed hard as a rock. Ann quickly realized I was still hard and took full advantage of it by sliding down me bit by bit until I was totally buried in her pussy. 

Now that both of us had came, we were able to relax and go slow and easy, just enjoying the feeling of making love to each other. For almost an hour we made love like this, stopping every so often to relax and kiss, then starting up again. During one of these rests, Ann whispered that my fingers had felt so good earlier that she wanted to try anal sex with me. I was all for that so as Ann rolled off of me, I grabbed a tube of lube from the dresser and told Ann to lay on her back and let me put a pillow under her ass to raise it up a bit. She was still lubed from my fingers, but it took a little bit of pushing and a lot of patience before I could even get the head of my cock past her tight anal ring. Once I popped past that, it went much easier and I was soon sliding my whole 8” in and out of her ass. 

Unlike in the porn flicks where they’re banging a chicks ass like they’re trying to pound in nails, I took it nice and easy and alternated between long, slow strokes and short, quick ones that barely made it past her sphincter before I pulled back out again. I took her hand and placed it on her pussy and she quickly got the idea and started playing with herself. Watching a woman play with herself has got to be one of my biggest turn-ons (right after eating out and anal sex) She was getting close to her second orgasm and I was doing all I could to hold back until she did. Even without hearing her moans of pleasure I’d have known when she came by the way her ass clamped down on my cock. I couldn’t hold back any more so I leaned forward and kissed her as I let my second load of the night go in her ass. We lay together like that until my cock softened enough to slide out of her ass on it’s own then we got up and went to the bathroom to clean up a little. We were back in the bedroom where her clothes were when she said, “I guess I should get going home now.” 

I could tell by the way she said it that she really didn’t want to go any more than I wanted her to so I pulled her down to the bed with me and said, “You’ll have to go home sometime, but why not wait until at least tomorrow.” 

I could tell by the smile on her face as she snuggled up against me that it had been the answer she was hoping for. She did go home the next day – for a change of clothes. By the end of that month, all her things were at my place and her apartment had been sublet. We still go to the same bar, talk to the same regulars and often play darts (she's getting better). It’s been fun seeing the looks on faces of the guy’s who’d tried to pick her up and failed miserably, wondering what I’d done that they hadn’t. We don’t tell them how much we both enjoy reading erotic stories and making love afterwards, we just smile at them and share a hot kiss to make sure they know that she’s all mine. 

Speaking of reading erotic stories…I’ll bet it’s going to be a hot night in bed after she reads this one!