 Chapter 1

My name is Andy. I am aged 28 am 6' 2" tall and keep myself trim and in good shape. I live in a loft apartment in London's docklands area with Alison (Ali). Ali is 5' 10" tall, slim and blonde. She has fabulous 36B breasts capped with sensitive nipples -- she can orgasm just from having her nipples caressed. I first met Ali when she had a lesbian affair with my ex-girlfriend. Ali is definitely bisexual, has a highly developed libido and is very adventurous.

We had a slightly drunken debate that turned into a dare that turned into an agreement to us both removing all body hair -- 'I will if you will' etc. Ali went to newly opened beauty saloon that advertised hairdressing for men and women as well as waxing, facials etc. She had a full leg wax and a fabulous Brazilian waxing leaving absolutely no remaining hairs.

She also announced that she had made an appointment for me with the same female therapist and that she had already explained the agreement. Next Thursday, I went along at 6.00pm. There was a slight sense of tension as I went through reception -- I got the feeling that the others knew why I was there.

Therapist was Julie and stunningly attractive. She also looked familiar but I could not place where I had seen her. Julie was very matter-of-fact as she told me to undress to my underpants and lay on the couch on my front. She started with back -- a shock as I did not know what to expect. It turned out not to be too bad, as I actually have very light body hair. Julie and I chatted easily as if it was an everyday occurrence for both of us. She was pleasant and slightly flirty. The waxing of the backs of my legs was not too bad either and I started to think that Ali had exaggerated when telling me how much it can hurt.

I then had to turn over and have the front of my legs and my chest done. By this time I was feeling some discomfort and a sort of hot burning sensation. On my back, though, I could not stop looking at Julie -- she clearly was not wearing much underneath the sterile white gown that fastened down the front. As we chatted about the local area, we both realised at the same time that she had been good friends with my sister, who is a couple of years older than me. I confessed that I had always fancied her but that she had a constant stream of boyfriends and so I always assumed that she was unattainable. My cock started to grow at the recollection of her sitting on the floor of my sister's room and me sneaking a look up her skirt.

Julie waxed my armpits and it tickled -- we laughed easily together. Julie then took a deep breath and said that the time had come -- the underpants had to come off if she was to fulfil the agreement of removing every hair. She left the room while I stripped and got back on the couch face up. It was no use, my cock was starting to twitch and swell.

Julie returned and told me to lie on my stomach on the couch but to wriggle downwards so that my legs were off the couch and I could actually rest my toes on the floor. Julie asked that I put my feet wide apart -- I felt absolutely exposed. She waxed my lower back, my buttocks and the back of my scrotum. That hurt, but it did not dull the feeling that Julie's was absolutely in control and that I was at her mercy -- not a bad concept, I concluded.

Next it was onto my back with my legs together for the hair that ran from my belly button down into my pubes and the pubes themselves. As Julie applied the wax, it was inevitable that I should get a half-erection. She was handling my cock to move it about and then to be able to access the front of my balls. I recited Latin verbs in my head (amo, amas, amat, amamus, amatis, amant ...) to try to control the swelling in my dick.

Next, Julie said that she had to tidy up the straggling hairs and that I had to lie on my back with the soles of my feet together. My knees parted and Julie had free access to every part of my body -- I just had to close my eyes. Julie tweezered away and my recantations of Latin continued: "amavi, amavisti, amavit ..." It was no use, my cock grew until it was almost fully hard. Julie worked around it, moving it when she needed to.

With my eyes closed, my sense of hearing was heightened. Julie's breathing was short and shallow. I then heard her say "fuck -- this is turning me on so much" and I sensed her breath on my cock. Latin was no use now -- my dick was rock hard and twitching. I reached across to Julie's leg at the side of the couch and caressed it. I ran my hand up and down the back of her leg. She wriggled and said "go on, don't tease" so I reached upwards. I discovered that while she left the room, she had removed her panties and that I could feel the heat of a very aroused woman as my hand reached the very top of her thigh. It was also clear that she did not believe in having any body hair either -- she was completely waxed.

Julie's mouth closed over the end of my cock and she started to give me an expert blow job. I couldn't last -- the build up had been too severe and in less than a minute I lost control. A stream of cum jetted down her throat and she just carried on sucking. She swallowed every last drop and my head fell back as relief washed over me.

I hadn't completely forgotten my manners -- I sat up and kissed her, tasting my own cum on her tongue. Gently I unzipped her tunic. I discovered that Julie had removed her bra as well and so she was naked before me. We kissed and I held her then lay her back and slowly licked down her body. 

I discovered that she had a delicate butterfly tattoo on her pubic mound. If she allowed her pubic hair to regrow, it would be covered. As she had a Brazilian, it was visible. A vision flashed through my mind of her on the couch in the tattoo parlour with her legs parted while the tattooist worked away in between her thighs. I wondered if it had been a male or female tattooist and had a vision of it being a lank haired male motorcyclist with his own tattoos and piercings.

I only teased her for a few moments by licking around the edges of her lips before she grasped the back of my head and manoeuvred my tongue to her burning centre. Her legs locked behind my head and tensed as her first orgasm washed over her body.

I was so turned on that I was quickly able to get another hard on. The couch that I had been lying on turned out to be just the right height for Julie to sit on with her legs over the edge and for me to enter her and penetrate her fully, while still being able to kiss and caress her. Having just come, I was able to last and we enjoyed a long, slow fuck. Julie had a second orgasm and I was able to look into her eyes as she came -- always a turn on. I still hadn't cum again and felt I could last for a long time. As I started moving gently inside her, Julie asked if I would fuck her arse. She had done it once with previous boyfriend before he dumped her, she said, and she knew that she liked it. I was only too pleased to comply. Julie handed me a small bottle of baby oil and turned round. I dribbled some of the oil down her back and into the crack of her arse. I gently massaged it around the rim of her anus and she writhed under my touch. Gently, I inserted one and then two fingers into her and felt her relax. I gently fed my rock hard cock into her and she shuddered as I buried myself until my warm skin - that so recently was covered with pubic hair -- pushed against her bum. Julie stood up slightly so I could reach round and caress her breasts and nipples. I nuzzled the back of her neck and kissed her ear while my other hand sought out the hard bud of her clitoris. I dropped the other hand to her hip and started a gentle fucking motion in her arse, while still simulating her clit. She said "I'm coming, I'm coming ..." and I felt her muscles squeeze my cock. She came noisily and, at the same time, I emptied my balls into her.

We clung to each other and hugged and kissed gently. "Wow, that was fantastic", I said. Julie agreed and we laughed and kissed some more. We showered and dressed. Julie agreed to have dinner with me -- I explained that normally dinner precedes a blow job, a fuck and then anal sex! This time it would come after.

Julie put on a thin jersey dress that buttoned down the front. She did not wear a bra and the outline of her erect nipples were visible through the material. I kissed her and sat her on the edge of the couch so that I could reach up under the dress and pull her small white thong down her legs. I told her that she needed to be commando that evening and she agreed as long as I was the same. I opened my trousers and demonstrated that I had not put back on my pants under my lightweight summer trousers.

In the Thai restaurant, we teased each other and playfully touched each other to maintain a constant level of arousal. We talked easily and laughed a lot. She explained that she only had two more days to work before emigrating to New Zealand -- otherwise she would not have taken the risk of having sex with a client. At one stage, Julie had my dick out under the tablecloth and masturbated me without making me come. As the meal progressed, Julie undid more buttons on her dress from both the top and the bottom. Julie certainly made sure that the young Thai waiter could see her breasts and nipples when he served her -- he could not stop staring down the front of the dress and Julie deliberately let the dress fall open at the appropriate times. She laughed when she saw the obvious erection in his trousers as he walked away. A young couple at the next table saw what was happening and kept glancing across. I challenged Julie to show the butterfly! She slyly undid a couple of extra buttons. At the end of the meal, as she slid out from her seat, she made sure that the bottom of her dress parted either side of her thighs and rode up. She parted her legs so that the waiter together with the courting couple had a completely open view of her hairless pubic area, the butterfly tattoo and her engorged vulva. Her vaginal lips were slightly parted and the hard bud of her clitoris was starting to show. It was obvious that she was aroused and wet -- some of her juices had moistened the inside top of her thighs. She paused in this very exposed state to make sure her audience had a good opportunity to take in the detail before standing up, smoothing down her dress, giving me a quick kiss and striding to the door.

We got to my car in the car park and I turned her round to give her a passionate kiss. We groped each other urgently and we moved to the back of my car where it was slightly less well lit. Julie unzipped my trousers and unbuttoned the waistband so that they fell to my ankles. She took a pace backwards, undid the remaining three buttons on her dress and took it off. She tossed it on top of my car and stood before me, gloriously naked. She knelt and took my hard cock into her mouth and with her right hand she caressed my balls, rolling them around gently and arousingly. Julie placed her left hand round behind my thigh and I felt the tip of her fingers teasing my anus. She just rubbed around the rim of my arse and I involuntarily jerked my hips forward, thrusting my cock into her mouth. I gently grasped her head, pulled her upright and leaned her back across the still warm engine cover of my Porsche. I thrust into her and started a steady rhythm of nearly withdrawing my cock and then thrusting deeply back into her until my balls touched her. I leaned down and licked her nipples and she responded by gasping and thrusting back against me.

I withdrew from her and she looked quizzically at me. I turned her round and bent her over the car. I inserted my cock, lubricated from her juices, into her arse and repeated the rhythm of fucking her deeply. As we were both now facing the same way, we saw that the couple from the restaurant were approaching my car. They were laughing and stopping to kiss frequently. We did not stop our fucking and Julie guided my hands to her nipples and pinched her own nipples to show me that I should do the same. As I did so, she shuddered, groaned loudly with pleasure and pushed her arse back against me.

The other couple heard Julie's groan and walked over to investigate. They saw us fucking and smiled. They stood looking at us, only six feet away, with the girl standing in front of the man. They moved closer -- now so close that I could have touched the girl if I had reached out. The man whispered into the girl's ear "Do you really want me to show you to them?" She nodded and whispered "Yes -- display me to them!" He reached round her and rubbed her breasts through her this summer dress. Suddenly, he grabbed the top of her dress with both hands and tore it down, revealing his girlfriend's breasts in a white, lacy push-up bra. Roughly, he pulled the bra straps down from her shoulders exposing her breasts to us. Her nipples were erect and her eyes were alive with passion. The man continued ripping her dress to the bottom and pulled it apart. The girlfriend was wearing a matching thong which tied at the sides. He cupped her pubic mound in his hand and I could see his middle finger pressing through the thin fabric to her clitoris and rubbing it.

As we watched the other couple I was still kneading Julie's nipples while ploughing her arse - my cock felt huge and I could feel the friction around it as it gently moved in and out of her. Julie was whimpering with pleasure. I dropped my right hand and started rubbing Julie's clitoris, matching the way that the boyfriend was masturbating his partner. He reached to the sides and undid the ties on her thong and pulled it away, exposing her neatly trimmed pubes to us. As he pulled the thong away, it caught slightly where it had been pushed between her lips and her juices were visible as it came away from her. She reached behind her and undid her bra and removed it, leaving herself totally nude in front of us. Julie pushed her arse back against me, emphasising her arousal at this vision.

The boyfriend whispered again in the girl's ear. In response, she parted her legs lewdly and turned her knees outwards like a frog. Her vaginal lips parted and she displayed herself to us. Her arousal was clear -- her eyes were slightly unfocussed as her boyfriend continued to masturbate her in front of us. He leaned against her back and she shuffled forward, still with her legs held obscenely open. She was close enough to touch us and that is just what she did -- she reached out and circled her thumb and forefinger around the base of my cock. She held her hand there as I slowly thrust my cock deep into Julie's arse. As I penetrated Julie, her hand was forced against Julie's anal ring. At this, the girl orgasmed noisily, sobbing and slipping towards the floor, only to be held upright by her boyfriend. After a moment, he let her lean forward and support herself against my Porsche. His red and engorged cock was protruding straight from his open flies. Julie grabbed his cock and pulled him towards her. She put an arm round the back of his thighs and greedily took his cock into her mouth. Julie sucked and, not surprisingly, he came, emptying his seed into her mouth.

Awkwardly we all left the car park, possibly not quite believing what had just happened to us. I took Julie home, had a glass of wine with her and left -- we both knew it had been a truly exceptional experience and that Julie was off to New Zealand for good so we would not meet again. At home, Ali inspected my newly hairless body in detail and I told her everything that had happened -- the recollection of which gave me another hard on which Ali rode until she came. Instantly, I fell into a deep, deep sleep.

Chapter 2

Ali and I work at the same company in the City, a financial PR company. We work in separate departments and nobody knows we are an item, though I have reason to visit Ali's room frequently. Normally I see Susan, a forty year old divorcee. She works with Susanne, a younger redhead who constantly seems to be unlucky in love. Ali is in the same room but supports a totally separate team of analysts.

One night, Ali mentioned in bed that she had the devil in her that day and that she had mentioned to Susan and to Susanne that she had seen me coming out of the beauty salon the previous Thursday

Needless to say, much questioning ensued when I next visited the office. I scowled at Ali. I had to deny having had my nails done or eyelash extensions put on. Eventually, it just became easier to say that I had had a 'back, crack and sack' waxing in the hope that it would shut them up. Some hope -- it was their only topic of conversation when I visited and they even asked if they could see the end result. I suspect that Ali was egging them on when I wasn't in the room.

After a couple of days, I had to respond. I said that they were welcome to see all of my waxed areas on the basis that I get to see their tits and that they each give me a blow job. That shut them up -- the topic was dropped. Or so I thought.

Ali told me couple of days later that Susan and Susanne chatted to each other about the suggestion and that it wasn't a dead subject. On my visit the next day, Ali provoked them and challenged them to tell me that they were thinking about it still. I feigned surprise and announced that if all three of them were talking about it, it now had to be all three of them on the same deal and that the deadline was three days time before my hair started to grow. I turned on my heel and walked out. I stayed away from them for the rest of the day.

That night, Ali filled me in. They were up for it but wanted to know that I was serious. Ali had said to them that it could take place at her flat -- they did not know that it was also my flat.

Next day on my visit, Susanne took the initiative and explained that they might do it if I was serious. I asked what proof they needed and she surprised them all by saying that they would all believe me if I allowed her to put her hand into my pants right there and then to check that I was waxed. It was clear that this hadn't been agreed with Susan or Ali but I said "OK, we'll do it". I got Susanne to stand behind me and I undid the waistband of my trousers. Ali smiled -- she knew that I was always commando at work. Susanne reached round and her hand moved downwards, feeling my smooth skin. She reached my cock and she wrapped her hand around it and then caressed under my balls. I said "enough" and withdrew her hand. With wide eyes, she confirmed to the others that I was serious. It was agreed that it would happen the night after next, on Friday.

On Thursday, Ali and I prepared the flat. Ali has a fertile imagination and explained all to me. It is a loft flat with high skylights and nobody can see in from any other building. Internally, it is open plan with exposed beams belying its previous use as attic to a workhouse. Ali produced some Velcro cuffs which we attached to the beams with cotton ties -- with some effort, I would be able to break the cotton but it looked to others like a really strong attachment to the beam. Ali also produced a spreader bar with ankle cuffs.

We removed evidence all visible of me being there and made sure there was enough good wine and music.

On Friday, Susan and Susanne came at 8.00. It was agreed that I would go to the gym and get to the flat at 9.00, though we would tell Susan and Susanne 8.30. That way, Ali could make sure they had enough wine to loosen inhibitions.

I arrived at 9.05 having showered at the gym and dressed in light trousers, an elasticated t-shirt and flip-flops. Under the trousers, Ali had found me a pair of very lightweight, unlined Speedo-type underpants in white cotton. That was all the underwear I was wearing.

Susan greeted me with a merry kiss and hug. She explained that she thought I was bottling out. I teased her that it far more likely that she would back out than me and that I was looking forward to seeing her naked breasts. She arched her back and it seemed that she was not wearing a bra but probably an elasticated top for some support.
