 For Dearest Lizbeth and Missy

It just seemed to be getting better and better. I knew I had little choice other than to accept and adapt to the New Order and if that were to be the case, who better could I be aligned to than Liz? I could almost come to accept her dominant streak, I reckoned, even though I had always considered myself dominant. In a way, it almost seemed we had something in common and being the underling to her was not without some appeal. I still harboured this little notion, too, that maybe we could form a team given charge of female prisoners in a work camp. Even though it was a female-dominated society, I had to suppose there would be some women who would get out of line and perhaps there would be such a facility and such a need for supervision. Still it was a fanciful notion and not to be dwelt on too long.

Back to the present and I watched as Liz filled out the forms. I was still bemused at this apparent predilection with things relating to bodily functions and I couldn't imagine the significance of the measurements Liz was required to submit. Who needs to know the dimensions of a crap, for heaven's sake? Mind you, I rather enjoyed it when Liz had to check the length of my penis, especially when she coaxed into hardness again with her fingernails. Wow! What a dame! It was a bit odd when she stuck her finger up my arse, right enough, and I could have done without that humiliating experience, but in the overall scheme of things, I couldn't complain. Especially when the form was completed and Liz asked me if I'd mind joining her in bed again. "Mind? Are you kidding?" I thought.

Eagerly, I climbed in beside her and lay just looking at her face, as her head lay on the pillow. It wasn't a sweet face, but it was so attractive. Fine boned and handsome, with perhaps a touch of hardness, exactly as I liked it. I leant over and began to stroke her hair, running it gently through my fingers. I stroked her cheek with the back of my fingers and ran the tips over her sensuous lips. I thrilled to the touch of her skin as I continued to explore her body, running my fingers down her neck and onto her thrusting breasts. For a while, I toyed with her hardening nipples, being careful not to squeeze the too hard. It was a common practice for me when I was dominating a woman, but in this instance, I didn't want to risk anything.

As my hands progressed downwards, I coaxed Liz's legs apart, relishing the smoothness of the special area at the inside top of her thighs. So smooth and sexy. I let my fingers casually brush against the lips of her pussy and I was pleased to note her aroused squirming. Bolder now, I introduced the tip of my finger to the outside of her pussy, now exhibiting its telltale wetness. Further and further I insinuated my finger, then added another and another, until I was working three fingers inside her, concentrating on the front part which seemed to bring about the greatest response.

As I heard her moaning, I rolled myself over so that I was lying on top of her supine form and with my cock rigid already, I held it at the entrance to her sex. She had told me to make fondest love, and that was not difficult, such was my feeling for her at that moment. I entered gently and continued in that vein, prolonging the sensations until neither of us could wait any longer. We reached the peak simultaneously, which only added to the feeling of perfect harmony. "Oh, Liz!" was all I could explain as I collapsed with my face on her breasts. 

* * *

Everything happened more quickly these days. We had just finished making love again when the doorbell rang and a messenger (male) grinned at me and handed me an ivory envelope that he knew came from Central Power. I decided to faze him lightly by asking him why he was grinning and did he want to bare his bottom and be corrected for his effrontery. He turned pale and said, "Oh Miss, I'm sorry--I figured you were an important lady what with letters like that and I enjoyed being of service."

I allowed myself to smile and told him he should mind his manners or I might remand him for training at the camp I had been assigned to previously. His face blanched some more and he pleaded with me to forgive him his moment of levity. I told him that I would but that he should report to me tomorrow and I would issue him a card.

He kept his face from falling more, not knowing what kind of card I might give him. It could range from a mere warning to a remand to camp. I let him sweat. 

Then I came back inside and opened the letter. It was a lovely parchment and bore greetings to Ms. Elizabeth --- and informed me that Her Majesty had graciously conferred upon me the high rank of High Commandant of Her Most Personal Service, First Grade, and granted as well my prayer to be allowed to retain Alan as my consort. 

This was indeed a high honor, higher than I had expected, given that my record alas was not entirely clear, but it also appeared that my friends in high places were watching out for me. Then I turned on my screen and checked my mail and saw that orders had been issued assigning me as commander of Thistledown, which was the most elite of disciplinary camps, as it held those women who had misbehaved and required some punishment. The guards were selected from a higher class of women and were expected to act far more lady-like. 

I called Alan in and showed him my commission. I explained that now I was entitled to wear actual stars on my epaulets. I hoped he would take me in his arms and kiss me for this accomplishment. I told him where I was assigned and that he would accompany me. Then I warned him that he would be very very privileged as he would inevitably witness women being disciplined. However, he was not allowed to administer any such punishment. He might, though, be permitted to punish some men who had committed minor offenses.

I told him he would be able to wear nice men's clothes--normally a suit and he should be grateful. I also told him he must be quite careful and deferential at the start because some women reporting to me might seek to engage him in improper activities. This was known to occur. I told him he would not want to be disciplined in front of the entire camp so he should keep his equipment in his pants except for when he was with me. I told him again he would be sorely tempted and to remember what he was gaining from his alliance with me. 

I told him he had to be careful of never offending a woman because the other officers could issue him cards and I would be obliged to approve them. They do know that they are playing with fire, I told him, but some of them will try to tempt you. It will not be worth it, I added with a smile as I reached down and just gave his penis a tiny tweak through his thin trousers.

•* *

Things really did just seem to be getting better almost by the day. It was almost difficult to believe that, but a few short weeks ago, I was in such a different situation, a helpless prisoner in a fiendish work camp, tormented and dominated by a beautiful guard who took every opportunity to punish me severely with her strap and with other methods. Who could have predicted that now, I would be smitten in a completely different way but the same woman who had become my partner, yes still dominant over me, but on a much more acceptable basis. Partner? Yes, and perhaps to be more than just a nominal partner before long, it seemed. 

As if that wasn't enough, now there was a message which would change things again. I was amused as Liz teased the delivery boy, but I had to confess to feeling little sympathy for him. Indeed, it even ran across my mind that it might be rather fun to watch Liz disciplining him, as long as I was being spared! 

It turned out the message was to confirm that Liz had been promoted and that I was officially to be regarded as her consort. In the New Order, that was as high as I could wish, and I thrilled at the prospect. I wanted to hug Liz tightly in appreciation, but she moved to her computer to check her e-mail instead. From the message she showed me, it seemed she would not only regain a commanding post, but that she would also be in charge of a prestigious punishment camp, the one to which females were allocated. My heart leapt at the news. Could more dreams be coming true? This time, I could not restrain myself and threw my arms round her neck, drawing her lose. 

"That's wonderful, Liz, darling," I ventured with the familiarity for the first time, hoping it would be acceptable. "We'll make a great team," I continued as visions of the two of us thrashing the female prisoners flitted across my brain. When Liz told me I would be able to witness the punishment of female prisoners, my spirits leapt another notch as it seemed we were thinking along the same lines. My eagerness was premature, however. I was not to be permitted to engage in the punishment, just to observe. Still it was better than nothing. Well, much better than nothing actually. I wondered if I would be allowed to play with myself as I watched the punishments. Probably not, I surmised, although I could imagine making love with Liz after a punishment session, as the images were still fresh in our minds. Not sure if the prospect of punishing the male prisoners has any appeal, though. I'll need to let that sink in. 

I continued to listen as Liz mentioned some of the potential hazards of being in the position I would be in. I would be the target of the advances of some of the other female guards, she warned, and I had to concede that such was a distinct possibility. I knew I was still considered attractive by the opposite sex and I was certainly still in good shape. Added to that, my smart appearance in the smart clothes and my somewhat elite status, I could see that some of their imaginations might be fired. I would have to be careful not to give them any excuse to card me and I just hope there were none who exhibited the unfairness I had experienced from Liz in the early days. 

"Oh Liz," I breathed, "you are the only woman I want. You can be assured I won't be instigating any nonsense. I am so looking forward to working and being with you. When do we start at Thistledown?" Then I felt her touch down below. I just love it when a woman takes such an initiative and I was immediately aroused. I dropped to my knees and burrowed between her legs. "How about a little celebration?" came my muffled request.

* * *

I had not given much idea to what having a consort would mean. Marriage as it was once known was defunct in our society and some women did live together in what seemed like a replacement. I realized I was being quite a selfish girl in enjoying it when he reacted like that, when he dropped to his knees and buried his face in my muff whenever I tweaked his sweet little prong. 

We moved into my lovely Commandant's House at the new camp and I saw all the female prisoners performing cleanup duties on the grounds and did feel a tad nervous at putting him among all of these women. As I unpacked my travelling clothes in our bedroom and watched him unpack my smart new uniform, I enjoyed it as he helped me put on the special lingerie I was now entitled, indeed required, to wear. Whoever had designed them knew fashion surely but I was entranced by the tiny thong--crimson in colour--than now ran between my legs with much of pubic hair set outside it and it had this tiny pearl on it perfectly located—to stimulate my clit. I whispered to him that I might be cumming in my clothes all day and he told me that was my right of command.

A female servant sweetly informed me as I entered my office that the first disciplinary case was ready for my review. As I bade Alan to sit across from me in what was much like a servant's chair, I saw a tall blonde woman in guard's dress walk in and smile at me. 

She turned and I saw it was Denise, my old partner. "Oh, Liz--excuse me, Ma'am, I do hope you will hear my side of this and treat me fairly," she pleaded with a bit of a knowing air as she glanced at Alan. "They are recommending that I be reduced from guard to prisoner. All I did was tickle the man's...parts," she blushed, again because Alan was there.

Knowing how the interrogatory squad operated, I asked Denise if she had been treated roughly. "Well, I was put in diaper position and they did ... yes, they did, they tortured me." I asked her to be specific. "Ma'am, they kept twisting it...you know, my button, my clitoris." She somehow spit that out as her face got solid crimson. 

Seeing her so eviscerated moved me. "Denise, you need to relieve yourself, don't you?" She nodded, saying she had been denied the privilege for some time. I told her she could squat and go on the floor. "In front of him?" she whined, pointing at Alan. "I see you haven't yet learned correct behaviour. Permission is withdrawn. Pull up your panties. That will cost you, Denise." 

***

I found I was becoming almost excited at the prospect of moving to the prison with Liz. There were still certain caveats on our relationship, but I was almost like an eager teenager again, so enthused by being with her. I found it was less difficult than I would have thought, to adapt to her being the dominant partner, but I still harboured fanciful notions of what scenarios might open up at Thistledown, where perhaps I might just be able, sometime, to take an active role in the punishment of the female prisoners. 

At last the day arrived and I was not disappointed with our private accommodation, at any rate. It was also somewhat arousing to see the female prisoners having to beaver away at maintenance and cleaning chores. My imagination began to kick in again. 

One of my first duties was to help Liz with her unpacking and to assist her as she hurriedly prepared to try out her new uniform. Even her lingerie was part of the required uniform, and if it was anything to go by, we were in for a pretty passionate time here at Thistledown. The lacy crimson bra pushed and supported my love's breasts so alluringly. It would add immeasurably to her air of handsome authority. The panties, however, were something else. Not panties, of course, just a mere thong, but with the simple, yet extremely effective, addition of a pearl sewn in the inside, to stimulate the clitoris. As I helped Liz into them, I couldn't help giving the pearl a little nudge and was rewarded with a slight glaze in her expression. I wondered what would happen if I wiggled the pearl with my tongue and I immediately began to look forward to the end of the day's duty. The thought of Liz cumming all day at the instigation of the pearl was heavenly indeed. 

Once I had Liz dressed in her splendid new uniform we made tracks for the office and almost immediately it was time for her first case of discipline. My senses were aroused already, as I sat in a lower, smaller chair across from Liz, whose central position gave her an added air of authority. I was intrigued to discover how this scenario would develop and waited with baited breath as the first case was presented. I couldn't believe my luck when the door opened and in came a familiar figure: it was Denise, the blonde bitch who, with Liz, had been my co-tormentor at the old camp! 

"Oh thank you," I voiced silently, as images of a penitent Denise, secured for a thrashing, sped into my mind. I could only sit and watch, however, as Liz took control. She began with a preliminary interrogation of what had happened to Denise to land her in this spot. Denise claimed to have only tickled a male prisoner's private parts. "That'll be right," I thought, "Don't believe her Liz. She probably grabbed them and twisted them or something. Don't believe her. Give her the cane. The bitch deserves it." 

My thoughts didn't seem to be getting through yet, unfortunately, although it was satisfying to note how embarrassed the bitch became at some of the prompting from Liz. I was pleased to learn the interrogation squad had had some fun with her: I hoped they really hurt her as they extracted her confession. 

I loved it when Liz really got into her new role, taunting Denise with the offer of a pee. Denise accepted, but then with a master stroke ("or should that be mistress stroke?" I thought with a chuckle) told her she had to do it right there and then, in front of me. Oddly, I found the notion somewhat interesting, but I was to be denied the opportunity, when Denise declined, being too embarrassed in front of me. 

"Excellent!" I thought, looking hard at Liz in the hope she would pick up my message "Now she's for it. Go on. Liz, sentence her to a thrashing. On the bare. Go on. Please." I willed it as hard as I could and waited expectantly.