 For Bear & Horatio, thanks for the inspiration.....

I am on the bed totally naked, laying back against the head board, I start by playing with my breasts and nipples, my fingers circling the nipples as they harden. As the one nipple hardens I raise my other tit up and start sucking and tonguing my other nipple. You have never seen a female do this before - I can see the hardening of your cock.

You can see both of my nipples hardening, I am starting to enjoy myself. I close my eyes as I am playing with my tits. The longer I lick and suck, the more I am enjoying it. As I am nibbling on one nipple, my other hand slowly rubs my body as it finds my shaven pussy. I start rubbing my cunt on the outside, while still sucking on my tit. 

My hips are raising and lowering as in a fucking motion. My finger slowly finds the tip of the entrance, as it slowly enters, I moan in enjoyment. I start flickering my finger inside my I am enjoying myself way too much doing this. I sink my finger clear in as far it will go, squealing with pleasure. Feverishly fingering myself to orgasm. 

Your cock is now rock hard and throbbing from watching me finger myself .You tell me that you want in. I tell you no, I'll finish it myself. I am coming close to cumming by myself. You want to cum at the same time I do. 

You straddle me on the bed. I don't stop what I am doing. I am so intensely into it. You grab my hair, and place your hard cock to my lips. I open my mouth and damn near devour your cock. I am now double fingering myself and sucking in your entire cock. You have never had a better blowjob than I am giving you right now.

We are both breathing extremely heavy - the moans - the grunts - the little bit of dirty talk you are feeding to me, the time has come. Your eyes open wide I feel your body stiffen and I clamp down on your cock with your mouth. You know I am starting to cum - so you let go at the same time. As the cum is squirting out of my cunt, your cum is filling my mouth.

We lay, for a few minutes. Quietly resting, catching our breath. Getting our systems back to some sort of order again. Not an easy thing for either of us, and then you start again only differently this time. 

Giving the nipple getting a little finger caress. That always gets them standing at attention. Just rolling them lightly between the fingers with a very gentle tugging motion. Then flick the tongue across them using only the tip. After that you switch to using your tongue in a very broad flat motion. From there you go to sucking almost the entire breast into your mouth, pulling up so that the breast is pulled along. 

You like to use your tongue to put pressure along the bottom of the breast, almost like when a woman is sucking on you, going back and forth. You move your head in a nodding motion while doing this, it usually gets the response you are looking for. Some women are so sensitive at their breasts they can almost orgasm from it. 

Once in a while you pull your head all the way off with a small amount of pressure still applied and it makes a little popping noise. You put each of your hands under a breast, lifting it and rolling it in your hand as you do the sucking motion, each in it's own turn, back and forth between them. 

Once I begin to buck upward with each motion of your mouth, it's time to reach lower, deeper into me. Using your right hand, you lower it down until you can feel my mons, clean shaved and soft. Using small motion and a very light touch, you swirl your fingers around and around, using a tiny upward motion. hearing a moan of appreciation escape her lips. Reaching even lower, you gently caress my lower lips, only with a slight rub.

After they expand and fill with blood and excitement, it is time to take those lips and make them tender. Clasping them between your thumb and finger, you move them gently at first, as one moves up the other is moved downward, up and down. 

The moisture is flowing from between them like a tiny brook. Gently inserting one finger only up to the first knuckle, you begin a sweeping motion across the full length of my opening, being careful not to apply too much friction to my clit, for there is plenty of time for that later. 

You have never abandoned my breast during this time. However, you have begun to increase the pressure you are using a little at a time. Sometimes you gently nibble on the nipple itself, feeling the electricity it causes to make my body stiffen and leave me gasping for breath. Other times you move your mouth under the breast itself to suck and bite at that tender spot under the fold of the breast. I won't last much longer now you figure. 

Inserting another finger, you begin to reach deeper. I am now begging you to get me off. On a deep downstroke within me, you stop for only a second. You want me to feel that all motion has ceased. Quickly you start to wiggle your fingers, each in a different direction, while at the same time allowing the base of your fingers to come in contact with my clit to provide the friction that I crave there. 

Suddenly, I stiffen and you hear my breath leave my lungs in a rush as my body begins to spasm. This is a whole body orgasm, not centered anywhere, yet coming from everywhere. My head is jerking up and down, back and forth. The words I am trying to say are impossible to make out. Sweat is pouring from me, even though the room is cool. 

Only when you hear the words,"No more. No more, I can't take any more!", do you give me a break. You slow down, but do not completely stop, or remove your fingers or your mouth as you know I hate to feel empty right afterwards. It's now time for five play, the next logical step after foreplay.

You ask me to roll over and encourage me to my knees. This is what you have wanted all along. But I have successfully made you wait. Not that I needed to encourage you much. My pleasure has always been your first concern. You have always told me that. What matters the most to you is that I get what I need, want, and desire.

As you have entered me from behind, you reach your right arm around me. Your fingers search and find my moist pussy lips. You find that magic spot. My hips are sucking your hard cock in further and further. We are both breathing hard and the moans are coming from both of us.

My cunt sucking at your cock is causing it to get harder than you thought possible. You feel the pressure of a huge climax building in your loins. At the same time my body is trembling beneath you. You hear me asking you to fuck me harder, begging you to stick your finger in further. You know what I want. With the sweat literally pouring off me, I am moving back onto your harden cock faster and faster.

I grab one of my tits, and start to pinch the nipple. You can see the nipple getting rock hard. There is my hot, wet, moistness dripping from the knuckle of the finger that you have in my cunt. I start to scream, telling you that I am cumming. You push me flat on the bed, pulling your drenched and dripping finger from me at the same time.

Fucking me as hard as you can in this position. My body starts to buck and jump like a fish out of water as the orgasm hits again and again. I have drenched us both and if not for the plastic sheet on the bed, the mattress would be hard pressed to contain what I have squirted everywhere. 

You pull out, and move me onto my back. Moving between my legs, you again fuck me hard. Another orgasm hits as you begin to feel your own climax coming up the shaft of your cock. My cunt is sucking your cock so that you feel like you are getting a blowjob. You release the cum that has been building like a fire hose, growling like a grizzly bear as you do so.

You finish and collapse onto the bed beside me. My glazed eyes look at you. I smile. I whisper something to you. You look at me and laugh, a soft, husky laugh.

Wanna know what I whispered? Email or pm me.