 Where do you see yourself in 7 years, that's right 7 years from now? This is what I could see...

I'm sitting in the home office, typing away the last letters my email to the Chief of Pediatrics at the Sydney United Hospital in Sydney, Australia - where you are, where we are. I can't wait to tell you I accepted a promotion to be the new head of OT. 

I hear Chewy, our Australian Shepard, barking and whining which means you must be home - you're home early and that never happens.

I hear you greet the dog - or rather the dog greet you - as you call up the stairs.

"I'm in the office." I yell.

Your work boots echo up the stairs, you walk up behind me and rub my shoulders I let a breathy groan - it feels nice, letting my body melt your rough hands.

I look up to meet your eyes in an almost Spiderman-esque kiss, your lips firm and open, accepting and knowing how much I missed you. 

"I got a promotion today," I say.

"Really? Me too." Your eyes sparkle, your skin still warm from the heat of the sun outside.

"Do you want to go out for dinner? Some place nice?" I offer.

"I'd rather stay in, maybe get a drink on the town later." 

"Okay, well what do you want for dinner? I'll make whatever you want..."

"Dessert." You answer matter-of-fact-ly

"Oh?" I'm amused. I log off the computer and get up, wrapping my arms around your neck.

"Like chocolate cake?" I whisper, running my tongue across your ear.

You spin me around and press me again the mirror.

"Like you." 

"I just wanted to hear you say it," I bite my lip tear off your shirt.

"I bet you did" you reply, cupping your hands against my ass and pulling my legs around you as I jump into your arms.

We feverishly kiss as you carry me into the bathroom and turn on the shower.

"I want you extra wet baby" Your voice a deep hum against my throat.

Our clothes litter the floor and we hop into the steam clouds closing the glass door behind us and standing directly under the shower head. 

Your hands mold my breasts and I rest my head on your chest, just feeling your touch on every inch of my torso. I press myself into your chiseled body and feel your swollen length. I move my hands behind me and take it in my hands, massaging it between my fingers little by little. You moan in satisfaction. 

"You like that?" I tease.

You take two fingers and plunge them inside me without warning the shock is delicious and I let out a pleasure pained cry. 

"Do you like that?" You tease me right back. 

"Oh my god..." I moan because "Yes" just doesn't register with me.

Touching each other this way is just so hot, we can't see each others eyes - just feel our bodies and hear our breathing over the roar of the shower. 

"I want you to come all over my hand. Don't worry about me, this is just for you right now" You whisper and move my wet hair to place kisses and teeth marks among the water droplets on my jaw and neck pulling me back towards you so we both stand against the tile alcove of the shower. 

You push your fingers inside of me, slowly at first carefully pressing each of my walls, knowing which places feel the best. You press harder, I begin to quiver and bite my lip.

"Don't hold back for me this time. I like it when you lose control." With the last syllable of your sentence you pulse your fingers against my cervix and a moan just falls out of my body. 

My heart begins to race and my breath catches, burning my lungs - it just feels so good. 

"Oh baby... talk to me..." 

"You're so tight for me, I love how your wet pussy just clamps itself around me. I love the little noises you make..."

"Yeah?" I moan.

"Mmm hmm." 

"Oh baby I'm gonna cum," 

"Good." Your fingers rapidly pump themselves in and out of me."Cum for me, I know you want to, I know that you're holding it in - just let go Sweetheart..."

I squeeze my eyes shut and am overwhelmed with all of these sensations all so fast - I'm breathlessly overtaken by crashing waves as my body opens itself to your hand. My orgasm shatters me as I moan against your mouth and the waves just keep coming as you gently rub my thigh to bring me back down. 

"Oh my god that was amazing." Turning myself to face you. 

"You've made me even harder you are so sexy, let me fuck you. let me make you at mine." Your mouth is on me once again.

I wrap myself around you as you enter me, letting out a sharp exhale as you fill me with you throbbing cock and rake my fingers through your wet hair.

"I've got you," you reassure me with a smile. 

You start shallow thrusts inside me, just getting the tip in. 

"Take me..." I moan with somber eyes.

Just like that, you slip perfectly inside me, lovingly stretching me open - you groan.

We stand there in the wet spray, water pouring over us both - the world stopping as my nails anchor themselves into your sunburned shoulders.

"You feel so good, oh my god..." 

"You close baby?"

"Yeah..." 

"Baby, baby, I'm gonna cum again" I shriek.

"Kate - " 

It all happened so fast - one moment we were utterly breathless and the next our racing hearts were climaxing together. My body fell limp against yours, bucking back, my head started to spin as you released yourself into me. Our passion intertwining for what could have hours before we both fell back into reality. 

"Kate..." You brushed a strand of hair from my forehead and kissed it.

I smiled brightly "Let's soap you up Handsome." I giggled and grabbed a loofah and body wash. 

"You're so beautiful when you look at me like that,"

"Like what?"

"When you smile." I laugh and begin massaging your chest with suds.

"Come here..." You tease, taking my wrists and pulling me into a bear hug. "You have to get clean too!"

"Stop... that's not funny," I start to giggle.

"Then why are you laughing? Come on we'll get cold and I'm taking you out tonight after all." 

"Where are we going?" I ask.

"Someplace nice." 

I snort.

We soap each other up and rinse off, covering each other in sloppy kisses. 

"You wanna share a towel?" You smirk. 

"I don't need a towel," I step out of the shower and sort of prance naked into our bedroom, letting you follow behind me.