 I was at your house alone because you had gone out with the guys that night. I tried to wait up for you. I was pretty sure you'd come home drunk and want to fuck me. I eventually fell asleep on your couch and when I woke up, I was hot and uncomfortable so I went to your room. I took off everything except my panties and I put on the t-shirt that you'd been wearing earlier that day. I went to the bathroom to wash my face, brush my teeth and put my hair up. I went to your bed and crawled to the middle (my side). I was almost asleep when I heard you come in. I was relieved to know that you were back safely and I quickly drifted off to sleep. I woke up again when I heard you getting undressed next to the bed. I tried to ask you if you had a good time, but you barely heard me because I was so sleepy. I felt you get in next to me and you said, "It was ok, but the whole night all I could think about was coming home and fucking you." 

Just hearing you say that made me tingle and I could feel the warmth between my legs as I started to get wet. I started to turn over to face you and before I even opened my eyes, you pulled me over onto my back. You grabbed the waist of my panties and pulled them down my legs and threw them off the bed. The cold air hit me and I closed my legs tight, but you used your knees to force them open...wide. You pushed my shirt up and started biting and sucking and squeezing my tits. I tried to reach down to touch you, but you pinned my arms down as soon as you felt me moving. I didn't open my eyes .I just leaned my head back and tried not to moan like I'd been wanting this all night. I could feel the head of your cock gently pushing against the lips of my pussy; not hard enough to spread them, but enough to tease me. I tried to raise my hips to push against you, but you pulled away. 

You asked me, "do you want it...do you want me inside you, Elizabeth...do you want me to fuuuuuuuuuuck you...baby" and I said, "yesssssssssssss" and you said, "yes what?" and I said, "yes, I want you to fuck me hard...fuck me, please fuck me...I need your huge, hard cock inside me" and as I was saying this, I wrapped my legs around you, and tried to pull you down onto me, but you didn't move. Then you reached your hand down and slid your fingers between my pussy lips and over my clit. I leaned my head forward and bit your neck as you pushed your fingers inside me and said, "damn baby, you are soooo wet...were you waiting for me to come fuck you" I said, "yesssssssss." 

Then you brought your hand up to my mouth and I sucked your fingers; the way I would suck your cock. You couldn't wait anymore and you pushed into me...all the way in...balls deep. 

It felt so good, I wanted to cry. The tears welled up in my eyes, but I blinked them back. Your cock filled me; stretching my body to fit you. I kind of thought of it as if you were molding me to be perfect for you...that only you'd feel that good inside me. You started out so slow...pushing into me inch by inch and then stopping to let me squeeze you inside me...pulling you in even deeper. I knew this pace woudn't last and soon you were ramming into me; we had a good rhythm going. I raised my hips to meet each thrust and reached my hand underneath me to feel your cock sliding in and out of my pussy. It didn't take long before my fingers were covered with my own cum so I reached a little further to squeeze and pull your balls; making sure to rub my cum all over them. Even though I didn't want it to end, I knew this would put you over the edge. I could hear it in your throat...that deep groan that goes on forever when you are about to unload your balls inside me.

I swear I could feel it before you even started. You quickly slid your hand down my belly and over my clit...you knew it wouldn't take much to make me cum with you. You had hardly even touched me when I felt your cock jerking inside me...that's all I needed, every muscle in my body tightened. I felt your hot cum spurting out of you and into me...just the thought of your cum inside me gets me off, every time. My pussy clenched around your cock so hard that you had no choice but to slow down. I wanted to bite you...hard, but you bit me first. It felt so good that again I felt the tears coming. I squeezed my legs tight around your back, my arms around your neck and pussy around your cock...I couldn't get close enough to you even though you were still inside me. 

We laid there like that until we were both sleepy. I felt you slowly pulling away and I let go of you. When you pulled your cock out of me, the cum started to run down my ass. It felt good. You grabbed something from the floor and gently wiped me. I spread my legs for you and watched as you carefully cleaned the cum off me. You wiped most of it but left just enough to make me slippery so that you could make me cum one more time. This time you watched my pussy as you rubbed it. I came so hard that it almost hurt. I reached down and grabbed your hand to stop you and you laughed. You crawled up beside me and told me to roll over so that you could lay behind me. I did and you pressed your body tight against mine...the warmth of your skin made me tingle. You draped your arm over me and slid your hand up my shirt...I feel asleep with your hand between my breasts and your warm cock pressed against my ass.