 Authors note: 

*I hope you all enjoy my newest piece of writing! I love hearing feedback and what you guys and girls think about my work, so don't hesitate to comment, or even message me! I love hearing from everyone!*

***************

The weather was already turning chilly as fall started slipping towards winter, the leaves of orange and red that had fallen were already all raked up or blown away at this point, just leaving the bare trees and overcast skies. It was now November, the month of Madison and Freddie's wedding. The couple had been together nearly four years now, and were very excited to finally be getting married. Freddie was 27 years old, Madison was 25, so they both already felt confident enough that they were ready for marriage. Both were ready to settle down, and devote themselves to each other completely, well, Madison was at least. 

The couple was gathered around at Madison's mother's house with the bridal party discussing last minute plans and having a general get together. Madison had always loved hosting little parties so this was at the usual caliber she liked. Little sandwiches of various kinds, coffee, tea, and a vast variety of sweets to munch on. Definitely more than enough food for tonight's crowd. 

"Oh Madison, I can't believe the big day is only two days away! I'm so happy and excited for you, I just might burst before the wedding!" Madison's mother said to her, hugging her tightly in the kitchen. 

Madison smiled warmly at her mother as they embraced. Her mother and father had went above and beyond for helping her through the chaotic planning period. All expenses were on them, which she was truly grateful for. Every little girl dreamed of having their perfect wedding all of their life, and now thanks to her generous parents, her and Freddie would have one that was absolutely beautiful. From the flowers, to her gown, to everything. 

Madison peaked into the next room and watched the bridal party mingle with one another. All of them were there. Her maid of honor was her little sister, who had just turned 19, her bridesmaids were two of her very best friends from high school, Tiffany, who was 25 as well, being one of them who had been her friend since she was a little girl. And Freddie had his brother as best man, and two of his friends as well for his groomsmen. 

She smiled warmly as she saw Tiffany coming over, wearing a very short and tight red dress. They might be best friends, but they sure had different thoughts on just exactly what it meant to be a lady! 

"Madison, you've definitely outdid yourself with tonight's spread! Were you expecting an army to show up to feed?" Tiffany said jokingly to her. 

"Well you know me Tiff, once I get started cooking I just can't stop! Especially when it's cute party foods like this!" 

Tiffany laughed and nodded her head at her friend. "Madison, I could never do it all, you truly are a domestic goddess. Freddie will be very happy with you." 

Madison smiled at her friend, and then watched her return to the party, still feeling annoyed by that little red dress! It looked like something a street walker might wear! She was always concerned about her wild friend. Madison stood there shaking her head, hoping to herself that Tiffany would be ready to settle down herself someday, and soon at that! 

Freddie couldn't help but stare as he saw Madison's best friend, Tiffany, walk into the kitchen. That red dress she had on was incredibly sexy. He never understood how the two of them had remained friends for so long. Madison was classy and elegant, and very into the cooking and craft scene. The kind of girl any guy would want to settle down with. Tiffany was the complete opposite. She was wild! Constantly hitting up the clubs, drinking up a storm, and having sex with whatever guy would take her. Tiffany was the kind of girl that nearly any guy would want to use and abuse to bust a quick nut, himself included! 

He glanced up again as she made her way back into the room, swaying her hips sexily as she walked. Freddie wasn't the only guy watching either, his brother and two buddies were glancing up as well. 

"Well well well, what exactly are you staring at Mr Freddie?" Tiffany asked, sitting down next to him and brushing her hand lightly over his knee. 

Freddie could feel himself turning red, and as much as he hated to admit it, he had felt a stirring in his pants the moment he arrived and saw Tiffany in her dress. His thoughts for most of the evening had been about bending her over the kitchen table. Freddie did feel guilty though. He was getting married in two days, and he was still having eyes for other girls. He hoped after the vows were done, he'd be ready to settle down and only think about his wife. 

Before Freddie could give some awkward response, Madison walked back into the room, coming over to them. 

"Oh Tiffany, I nearly forgot to mention! Your pearl necklace finally arrived, I put it away in my old closet up high. Go in my room and fetch it, I'm dying to see how it looks!" Madison said eagerly.

One of the small details about the wedding was that Madison had bought each of the girls a real strand of pearls to wear for the wedding. A gift for all of them for putting up with her crazy behavior through the planning process. 

Tiffany squealed and stood up, giving Madison a hug. "I'm glad it's finally here! Now we can both get sleep and not be up all night on the phone as you list off crazy scenarios of what might have happened to it along delivery!" 

Madison couldn't help but laugh. It was true, that final necklace taking forever to arrive had her very upset. She had come up with all sorts of crazy reasons. From pirate thieves, to the delivery truck falling off a cliff, you name it. 

"Freddie, you know where it is in the closet, go with Tiff and show her please!" 

Freddie stood up and smiled at his fiancee, he to had felt the brute over this damn necklace. "Of course honey." He said warmly. 

Freddie and Tiffany headed up the stairs and down the hall to Madison's childhood bedroom. It was still exactly how Madison had left it, when she left years ago. Her parents used it as a guest room for her when she'd come over. As they walked in, the first thing Freddie noticed was a picture on the wall. It had Madison and Tiffany both at their prom, Tiffany of course striking a sexy pose in a tight white dress. Freddy again felt a little leap in his pants as he stared at it. 

"Oh my god, I remember that photo! I still wish I had that dress, it looked stunning on me, don't you think?" Tiffany asked, standing next to him and looking at it. 

"Yeah it was a nice dress, you both looked very beautiful. So uh, I'll get that necklace for you". He said quickly changing the subject, and walked over to Madison's old closet. 

Freddie opened up the closet and groaned as he saw it was full of bags of random stuff and old clothes, hearing Tiffany chuckle behind him.

"You know Madison, she likes to hold on to almost everything". She said, plopping down onto the edge of the bed. 

"Yeah I definitely know. Our apartment is already getting pretty filled". He said, looking on the top shelf like Madison had said. 

Tiffany sat waiting on the bed, looking at Freddie from behind. He was definitely a very handsome man, her friend was lucky to have him. He was very attractive as he went to the gym a lot, and he had such a dominant power exuding from him, Tiffany always would feel weak in the knees around him. Of course she'd never tell her friend, but many times she'd fantasized about him taking her. Feeling his strong hands on her plump breasts, and feeling his strong cock plow into her. Tiffany knew he was well endowed, she had seen him with a boner in his pants month ago, he tried to hide it that day, but she definitely caught a glance! 

She got off the bed and walked up closer to him. "You know Freddie, you better be a good husband to my friend. So I hope you got all your wild nights out of your system!" She said in a soft tone, lightly blowing on the back of his neck before she walked over to his side. 

Freddie nearly dropped the necklace, had she just blown on his neck? Probably an accident. 

"I'll be a fantastic husband to Madison. I love her with all my heart, maybe even more than you love her." He said jokingly, holding out the necklace. "Now turn around and I'll put this on for you." 

Tiffany turned and pressed into him, probably more closer than was needed. She made sure to stick her butt out a bit so it would press into his crotch. She knew she had hit the target when she felt him squirm a bit. 

"Well I just don't want Madison to be heartbroken again, before you years ago, she had another boyfriend who was a real dog! He just couldn't keep his cock in his pants. I think he may have even had his eyes on me at one point." She said in an innocent tone, pushing her butt more into his crotch. 

"Is that so now?" Freddie asked in a whisper, trying to keep his thoughts clean as he clasped up the necklace, and spinning her gently to look in the mirror. 

Tiffany glanced in the mirror and was very satisfied, the necklace was beautiful that Madison picked out. Her taste in jewelry was just as good as her taste in men now. Tiffany of course left out the part of the story of how her friends ex was a good guy, until she let him fuck her. Things sure went downhill after that! Madison didn't even know, so that was good at least. 

"I just don't want my friend to get hurt. Madison is practically a sister to me, so I'd expect you to treat her like gold." Tiffany said, turning and looking up at Freddie. "I have no worries though, you're a fantastic man."

Freddie smiled down at her, he felt awful how she was expressing all this to him, but all he could think about was giving her his own version of a pearl necklace. The way she was talking, and had pushed herself into him, he wondered secretly what she was up to. 

"Well, I think you better go show Madison that necklace. Another minute of waiting and she might explode." He said. 

Tiffany nodded and smiled at how pretty she looked in the mirror, Madison was terrific for buying such expensive gifts for the girls. Her favorite part of it though , was feeling Freddie's strong hands on her trying to clasp it up. 

"Yes, I better." Tiffany said. "I'm just so happy to be a part of the wedding. I wish you the both all the best." 

She leaned in and gave him a hug with one arm, making sure her other hand pressed right into his crotch. Was he a little bit hard? Oh how naughty she felt, this was her best friend's fiancee! She turned and began to head out, leaving Freddie to put all the boxes he had taken out of the closet back in , she couldn't hold back! She needed to get him to fuck her! 

The party continued on downstairs, the two groups seemed to split, boys with the boys and girls with the girls. The ladies sat in the living room discussing recipes, and the floral arrangements and everything else that was in the abundant stack of bridal magazines Madison had purchased over the course of the wedding. Meanwhile the men were outside, talking in low voices about things of a different subject...

"Freddie I don't know how you'll do it man, being married! I don't think I'd even want to be with the same girl for the rest of my life!" Freddie's brother said to him, taking a sip of his beer. 

Freddie smirked and glanced at Madison's father, Jordan, formally known as Mr Silverton most of the time, but even he seemed unbothered by the comment. 

"Listen boys", Mr Silverton spoke, "I've been married here the longest and I can say it is possible to stay married for a long time, but sometimes you still have to have some fun along the way, if you know what I mean."

The group of men were laughing and slapping their knees at that comment. Freddie was shocked though, had Madison's father really had affairs? He never saw him as that type of man. 

"Well what about that hottie in the red dress in there! Man, I've been thinking about doing her all night! How is a girl like that friends with Madison?" Another groomsmen spoke out. 

"You men have no idea, Madison has been friends with that little slut for her whole life! I must be a saint to have not done anything with her by now!" Mr Silverton said, shaking his head and taking a sip of his beer. 

All the men agreed about how hot Tiffany was, and the conversation slowly started to turn as to what they'd all do to her, even Freddie was in on it, utterly surprised that Mr Silverton didn't care! 

Tiffany smirked to herself as she was in the bathroom, fixing up her makeup. She couldn't contain herself so she cracked the window and was able to hear everything those filthy men were saying about her. Another young lady might have been furious, maybe even ran to Madison and her mother in complete tears, but Tiffany loved it. Hearing them talk about her like a piece of meat had her pussy on fire! She didn't give a damn about Freddie's brother, and those other dorky groomsmen, but was very happy to hear Freddie and Mr Silverton talking about her. She always thought Madison's own dad was way too inappropriate to be having fantasies about, but now she didn't care! 

Tiffany pulled out her little red comb from her purse and began fixing her hair, peaking out the window. They were still talking filthy, now of other girls and things they done in the past. Tiffany's pussy was practically begging her to go outside and throw herself at the crowd of men! Especially when she saw them swiping rubs at their crotches as they talked and listened to each others filthy stories. She didn't know how much longer she'd be able to behave herself! Especially if things kept going the way they were now! 

*************

The get together the night before had been a wonderful success Madison thought. She was so happy to have her bridal party getting along and not totally stressed out. It was now the following morning, the day before the big day. As a final thank you, Madison and Freddie were taking everyone out again for brunch. Freddie was just pulling on his shirt when he heard puking from the bathroom in their little apartment. 

"Love? Is everything alright in there?" Freddie asked outside the door. 

Madison looked up from the toilet and groaned. "Yes, I think I just over ate last night, and plus I'm nervous for tomorrow. I'll be alright." 

Freddie believed her and thought nothing else of it. Meanwhile Madison was very nervous in the bathroom. She had been throwing up the last couple of days now, even before her pig out last night. She flushed the toilet and stood up, walking over to her mirror and staring at her reflection. She felt awful, how she'd even get through brunch today was beyond her. Even just thinking about food made her want to vomit. She pulled her hair into a ponytail and splashed some water in her face at the sink. Something else must be wrong with her, and luckily she had just the product to find out. 

Tiffany and Madison's sister were the first to arrive at the little restaurant, as she had spent the night with her so it'd be faster to get to brunch today. It might have barely been noon, but Tiffany was definitely dressed up very sexy again. Her long hair was pulled over her shoulder in a braid, and she had on a little black skirt and dark purple sweater, complete with nylons, black heels, and a fall coat to top it off. Last night she had gotten next to no sleep, hearing those foul mouthed boys talking about her. Today though, she had a trick up her sleeve. 

When everyone arrived in the parking lot, they all greeted each other and made their way into the restaurant, getting a larger table further in because of how many there were. 

"I think all the girls should sit on one side and the men on the other!" Tiffany said once they got inside, slowly getting her plan into action. 

Madison giggled and held her best friend's arm. "Sounds good to me, Tiff. Let the superior gender, us ladies of course, be in each others company."

Everyone sat down, Tiffany was at the end, with Madison right next to her, the men sat across, and Freddie and Mr Silverton were directly across from her, perfect. The little restaurant had been a favorite of Madison and Tiffany's for years. It was very cute and comfy on the inside, but just classy enough with long tablecloths and fresh flowers every where. 

"What do you think you'll order Tiff? Oh we've been here so many times and I can never decide still when we visit!" Madison said to her, with a giggle. 

Tiffany skimmed the menu. Normally she'd get crepes and fresh fruit, but today she was feeling a bit more hungry, she needed meat. 

"I think I'll get my usual crepes with the fresh fruit, but I'm in need of something more filling today , hm... I think I'll have some big sausages as well, doesn't that sound good, Madison?" Tiffany said, although she was talking to Madison, she was looking at Mr Silverton and Freddie with a smirk. They quickly began looking at their menus again. 

Madison nodded and gulped as she looked away. Sausages? Just the smell might be enough to set her into a vomiting frenzy again. This brunch would be the best time to unload some last minute wedding instructions though, and another piece of information. 

Tiffany kept glancing up at Freddie and Mr Silverton as they all waited for their food to be ready, slowly one by one, dishes were being passed around the table, everything looked and smelled delicious! But Tiffany wasn't to focused on food right now. When her dish arrived, she thanked the waitress and slowly slid off her shoes under the table. 

Freddie had only been to this joint a handful of times with Madison, it seemed to be more of thing she would go to with her own girlfriends. His food certainly looked delicious though, he had ordered a french toast, egg, and bacon platter. Mr Silverton ordered the same thing, he was about to turn and talk to the man, but nearly jolted out of his seat. Something was touching him. He peaked under the tablecloth and saw Tiffany slowly rubbing her foot up his leg, making its way up between his legs to his crotch. He looked at her sternly, trying to give her a silent warning, but she wasn't even looking his way! She was yet having a conversation with Madison about the floral arrangements for tomorrow! He felt the little nylon covered foot reach his crotch and he let out a deep breath, he felt guilty but at the same time very turned on. He might as well enjoy himself. 

Freddie leaned back in his chair a bit, so Tiffany would have better access to his dick. Only after a few moments of rubbing, he was already rock hard in his pants. This girl was such a slut! She was a bad friend to Madison as well if this is what she does, but yet, he didn't care to stop her. 

"Right Freddie? You always said sunflowers were your favorite." Madison asked him, shaking him out of his trance, totally unknowing of what was going on right under the table. 

He looked up at her and nodded with a smile, that's when he saw Tiffany looking at him with a sly look, he was about to take a sip of his water, when he felt Mr Silverton jolt in his chair next to him. 

"Honey, is everything alright over there?" Mrs Silverton asked from further down the table. 

Mr Silverton just nodded, leaning back some in his chair some just like Freddie did. All he had to do was look at the slight twitching of the tablecloth to know Tiffany was doing the exact same thing to Madison's father. This girl definitely was wild!

Both the men completely zoned out of the table conversation as they got pleasured through their pants under the table. A couple of times they'd look at each other and smirk, knowing that both of them were getting it. Freddie glanced down and could see Mr Silverton with a very impressive bulge in his pants, as Tiffany's little foot kept rubbing his crotch in little circles with her foot. This was getting way to hot for him, he didn't know if he'd be able to hold it in! Thank god he had worn dark pants that day, opposed to Mr Silverton's tan colored ones. 
