 This is a short story about the first time I cheated on my wife. It happened about two years ago when I was working as a legal assistant at a law firm. 

I started working here about two weeks ago and I enjoy it so far. Everyone is friendly and the work is pretty low key. I've been able to adjust to the new schedule, working 8am to 5pm everyday; before working here I was going to college, when I was able to usually sleep in to 9 or 10am. 

Two weeks into the job, and I am able to easily take care of my workload. Usually, I have about an hour or so everyday to help other people as needed. I usually help Barbara, the old lady who works the front desk, with filing or doing "manly" jobs like moving boxes.  

Yesterday was just one of those days when I had a little bit of leftover time. It was a day I will never forget. 

It was about three or so in the afternoon and I was pretty much done with my work for the day. I went around the office to see if anyone needed help. I was about to knock on Jessica's door to ask her if she needed any help, however, I stopped when I heard a soft noise coming from her office. I put my ear closer to the door and all I could hear was the moaning of a woman coming from inside. 

Blood starting flowing throughout my body; I felt like I was fire. The door was slightly open, so I tried to peek through it. All I could see was some sort of video playing on her computer. In her chair, was Jessica with her hand slipped beneath the front of her skirt. Holy shit, I thought to myself, I think she's touching herself at work! 

I began to feel as if some god picked me up and put me in some other parallel universe. I felt extremely uncomfortable, but at the same time, I was feeling mighty good. I looked down the front of pants and noticed that my dick was starting to get hard. I looked to the right and left and with nobody in sight, I quickly adjusted it. While I was adjusting, my arm accidentally hit the door and it opened a few feet - enough that Jessica noticed me. 

Jessica immediately minimized the screen on the computer and brought her hand back up for some fresh air. 

"Uh, David, what are you doing here?" she asked, nervously looking around the room even though it had no windows. 

"I, uh, I was just coming by to see if you needed any help" I replied. I instantly smiled in my head when I said the word "coming," I guess it was a Freudian slip. 

"Can you close the door, I just want to talk to you for a few minutes about what just happened." 

I did what she said and then sat down in her chair (mostly because I wanted to hide the erection I had). 

"So, David, how long were you standing out there?" Jessica asked, while crossing her legs. 

I noticed her smooth tanned legs as she crossed them; she was wearing a black skirt with black high heels. Her toes had a bright pink nail polish and she was wearing a sexy gold anklet (I didn't even know people still wore those). As I brought my eyes to her face, I noticed her freshly manicured fingernails. I also noticed her white blouse, which seemed to have a button or two loose. 

"I was only out there for a few seconds," I nervously replied. "I didn't see anything." Oops, maybe I shouldn't have said that. I mean, if I hadn't seen anything would I have admitted it? 

She caught on pretty quickly; she knew I saw her touching herself. 

"Your married aren't you?" Jessica asked me.  I replied "yes...it's been about [long pause] two years." "You are too right?"

"Yes, it's been about ten years," she said with a sort of sad tone. 

I then began to notice movement around her waist. She was slowly dragging her nails over her thighs. I shifted in my seat (this was actually my fourth time) and began to shake a little bit. I was beginning to feel that my life was about to change. 

"So do you work out a lot?" Jessica asked after about a minute of silence. 

"Uh, yeah...I run a lot." I replied, thinking to myself about how odd that question sounded. 

"Well you look like you do" She said. I could swear I saw her licking her lips. She then began to put her hand back under the front of her skirt. 

Ok, I am definitely in a parallel universe, I thought to myself. 

Her hand was making a circular motion, I could tell she was most likely rubbing her clit. Did I just think of the word "clit" while at work? Yeah, maybe I should leave. At the same time, however, I remained right there in my seat. My heart was beating very quickly, my hands beginning to twitch even more. The room was silent, except for the sound of her deep breathing. 

I could tell immediately when she put her fingers in her vagina. I could also tell that it was wet. That's right, I heard the blessed noise of a wet pussy while at work. And it wasn't just any pussy, it was Jessica's - the hottest girl in the whole office.  

Amazed at my confidence and ability to forget about my marriage, I placed my hand on the bulge of my pants. I slowly rubbed it in a clockwise direction. She smiled when she saw where my hand went. With her other hand she unbuttoned the rest of her blouse. Wow, those sure are nice, I thought to myself. She was wearing a sexy black bra and what looked like c cups a little bit bigger than my wife's b size. 

She began to rub her breast slowly while looking deeply into my eyes. Her sexy green eyes and smooth skin were absolutely amazing. 

For some crazy reason, the next thing I did was unzip my pants and my penis was now on display for her to see. Her mouth made an "O" face and she actually smiled. I could tell from that moment on that we were about to have some fun. 

She then got on her knees and crept towards me on all fours. Holy shit! I thought to myself, I can't believe this is about to happen. 

She began pulling my pants down, which I let her, and then she started slowly kissing my inner thighs. Soon, I could feel her cheek moving softly against my dick. A few seconds later, she placed her manicured hands around the shaft and began moving her hands up and down. Even though her hands were ice cold, it made my body feel so hot. 

She then slowly put her tongue out and started licking the tip of my dick. From this moment on I thought about nothing except the way it felt to have Jessica suck my dick. Yes, it felt real good. 

She then put the whole seven inches into her mouth. My head (the one on my neck) automatically went backwards and I kept it there, looking at the ceiling. She continued sucking my dick, using her tongue in a revolutionary way. My wife had nothing on Jessica. Jessica definitely knew what she was doing when it came to blow jobs. 

I then looked down and noticed that her bra was off. Her breasts were absolutely perfect. Even after having two kids, her body looked absolutely amazing. 

Jessica took my penis out of her mouth and began smacking it against her cheeks. My pre-cum was already coming out (which was kind of sad since it had been only four minutes). She smiled as she saw the little bit of white cream. 

"David, I want to taste you..." Jessica said in her sexy southern voice. 

Wow, I never even heard my wife say that to me. Ok, I nodded to her. 

She put her sweet lips on the tip of my dick again, kissing it gently. She flicked her tongue up and down on the tip, which felt oh so good. 

She then began rubbing my dick even faster with her hand. As she consumed my dick with her mouth, I began shooting my jizz into her mouth.  She took her mouth away and then opened her mouth. The cum filled a reservoir in her tongue (just like in the porn movies but this was actually real life!) She then swallowed and showed me her tongue once again. Yep, nothing was there but the sweet red of her sexy tongue. 

She then went back to her seat and began feeling herself up again. Being the gentleman that I am, I kneeled right next to her chair and slowly put my hands under her black skirt. She took her hand away and I took control. I began rubbing her clit in a clockwise direction while kissing her neck softly. After about thirty seconds (that's really how long it took) she began convulsing in her chair. Her body looked paralyzed and that's how I knew she came. 

I then put my pants back on and checked over my attire to make sure I looked presentable. I did, so I opened the door to leave. 

As I began to leave, Jessica remarked "You can come by again tomorrow" (Yes I noticed her use of the word "come" which I had used earlier), "I might need your help again." She smiled, and from that moment on, my life was never the same.