 Gloomier about the Christmas holiday than usual, Brian picked out toys for his niece and nephew and then checked them off the 'Santa's list' that his sister kindly provided. 

'Thirty years old and I'm out buying presents for other people's kids instead of my own. What's my problem?' 

All he ever wanted was a family like the one he grew up in -- a couple of kids, to remind him how all things old become new again, and a wife, with whom he could stay forever young. The simple life he once took for granted now seemed impossible to achieve. Meeting women was easy. Meeting a woman that clicked with him physically and emotionally was not. Maybe the problem was all him. Maybe his standards were too high. But he knew that kind of woman existed, because he met her once. Unfortunately, she slipped through his fingers.

Brian's mind wandered back to last April, the first day of the fourth month. Ironic how one of his finest memories occurred on April Fools' Day...

After four hours of mind numbing technical seminars, Brian headed up to his hotel room. 

A frantic voice, yelling, "Hold the elevator!" snapped him to attention. 

Brian panicked, as he searched for the 'open door' button, hoping not to disappoint to the attractive woman he glimpsed through the shrinking crack. 

Finally smashing the correct button with the heel of his palm, the doors reopened. 

"Thanks a lot. I am so late for a job interview. My flight was delayed. They lost my luggage. If the rest of the day goes like this, I've wasted a lot of time and money." 

While catching her breath, she smiled at him, like it was all a big joke. 

Brian returned the smile. "I hope this begins a streak of good luck for you."

Her face reddened, and she turned to watch the digital floor numbers. "Sorry, I'll shut up now." 

"Don't be sorry. This is the most excitement I've had all day."

The doors opened on the third floor and Brian stepped off.

The woman's cheerful voice said, "That's too bad. I'm glad I could entertain you, at least for a little while." 

Brian looked back to see her grin disappear between the stainless steel panels. 

Two hours later, locked in his sterile hotel room, Brian couldn't concentrate on paperwork any longer. The tingle of attraction from the brief elevator encounter haunted his thoughts. He decided to sit in the lobby and wait. Maybe he'd get lucky, and have a second-chance encounter. 

At 6:35pm the elevator-cutie entered the hotel lobby and walked to the front desk. 

Brian got up and strolled over to a brochure rack, just to be within striking distance. 

He overheard the desk clerk say, "I'm sorry Ma'am. Your luggage hasn't arrived yet."

The woman groaned with disappointment, and said, "Okay, thanks." 

She walked away and entered the gift shop. Brian followed at a discreet distance and watched her rummage through a stand of tee shirts. 

Picking up a random magazine from a nearby display, Brian made his approach. "Hello, again." 

"Oh, hi!" 

Her enthusiasm giving him courage, Brian smiled back and introduced himself. 

"Nice to meet you, Brian. I'm Lucy, Lucy... Nordstrome." 

They shook hands and continued to grin.

Brian broke the silence before it became awkward. "How'd the interview go?"

Frowning, Lucy answered, "Probably not my best first impression. I was a bit frazzled." She shrugged, trying to act unconcerned. "How was the rest of your day? Any more excitement?"

He shook his head. "Nope, no more excitement. Very boring, actually." He sighed and did his best to look pitiful. "But circumstances have recently improved -- dramatically." 

They exchanged another smile and a hint of blush colored her cheeks.

"Lucy, can I buy you a drink?"

"Really?"

"Sure. It'll be fun. They have backgammon. Would you like to play a game or two?"

She looked at him quizzically. "You must be desperate -- to ask a woman." 

Knitting his brow in confusion, he asked, "Why?"

She looked pointedly at the magazine he'd grabbed from the rack. "The Advocate is not typically a straight man's periodical of choice."

"Oh... no!" He put it back like it burned his fingers. "I'm not gay! It was a mistake."

She laughed. "That's a relief. I thought I'd lost my sense of attraction. I could've sworn you were flirting with me."

"Was I flirting? I didn't think I knew how."

"That's the best kind of flirt," she said, with a wink.

"I think you're teasing me, Lucy."

"Maybe." She took his arm and led him from the gift shop. "I'd be delighted to beat you at backgammon. But first, I need something to eat, or I'll faint."

Her body felt electric against his hip and her perfume contained hints of a secret garden. "Well then, let me buy you dinner, too."

"No! That wouldn't be right. I've practically invited myself."

"It would be my pleasure. These seminars are as dull as infomercial reruns. You'd be doing me a favor."

They walked silently linked for a few steps before she said, "I don't usually do this sort of thing, Brian."

"What sort of thing is that? Eat? Or eat with men? Lucy, are you trying to tell me you're a lesbian?"

She giggled and squeezed his arm against the side of her breast. "I meant that I don't make a habit of letting strange men buy me dinner. But I'll make an exception tonight, because I think we both need some adventure after a long and frustrating day."

Lucy's openness ignited celebratory skyrockets in Brian's head, and her physical contact ignited him in other places long dormant. "Great! It'll be my pleasure, and I'll try not to be too strange."

Approaching the restaurant entrance, Brian gestured with his arm, and politely said, "After you." He followed her slim body through the maze of tables to an empty booth in the back. 

Lucy slid onto the bench, giving Brian a nice peek at a shapely thigh. 

She grabbed the menu from behind the ketchup bottle, and quietly said, "I'm dying for a thick slab of meat between my buns."

Brian's head snapped up. "I'm sorry. What was that?"

"I said: I'm dieing for a thick slab of meat between two buns. You know... like a hamburger?" 

The way she grinned, Brian wasn't sure if he'd heard right the first time or not. "Whatever you want is fine with me."

"You're easy, Brian. You'd better be careful. I might take advantage of you." Her eyes returned to the menu, but the sly grin remained fixed on those inviting lips.

"Hmm, that sounds like a good thing."

She didn't look up, but those lips separated into a brighter smile.

When a toe brushed across his shin, his voice cracked, as he said, "I think I'm going to have fish tonight." 

"Mmm, I like the sound of that, too." Lucy put down the menu and looked around the room. "I love to travel. I feel free to do whatever I want. No one knows me. I can pretend to be a totally different woman for a little while. Do whatever turns me on." 

Before Brian could respond, the waiter appeared and poured water. "Are you ready to order?"

Brian felt a foot briefly rub the side of his calf, as Lucy said, "Why don't you order for me."

"Okay...let's see." He quickly scanned the burger section. "The lady will have the... Lumberjack hamburger platter -- no onions."

Lucy winked at him.

"How would you like that cooked, Ma'am?"

"Medium well, please."

"Would you like cheese on that?"

"Swiss."

"Thank you. And for you, Sir?"

"I'll have the haddock dinner." 

The waiter listed the side dishes and salad dressings, and Brian selected. 

"Anything to drink?"

"Do you like beer, Lucy?"

"Yes, I do, especially with a burger. If only there was a football game on." She sighed.

"Yeah, right."

"No, really. I love football."

Tom just smiled with disbelief and ordered two bottles of Sam Adams from the selection.

After the waiter departed, Brian rested on his elbows, and asked, "What kind of work do you do, Lucy?"

She looked left and then right, before whispering, "Counter-espionage. That's all I can say without killing you." She leaned forward. "See the bald man over there in the striped shirt?"

Brian gave her a crooked grin and began to turn his head. 

Quickly, Lucy's hand reached out to touch his cheek. "No, don't look. He might get suspicious." 

"Oh, I see how it is. I'm just being used as cover for your surveillance operation." Brian took her hand and brought it to his lips. "I'll play the part of your devoted boyfriend." 

Their eye's locked, as he kissed her fingers. 

"Good idea. You're a natural. Have you done this kind of work before?"

Letting go of her hand, Brian leaned back. "I've played the part of a boyfriend, a few times."

"Not recently?"

"It's been a long and lonely year."

"That's good," she said, looking pleased by his loneliness. "In this line of work, it doesn't pay to make long term commitments."

"You mean espionage?" 

"He's looking this way." Lucy placed both of her hands palms up on the table. "Hold my hands, Lover-boy."

"I've been promoted to lover, already?" The hands were warm and delicate in his. "It must get lonely, in your line of work." 

"Sometimes. But once in a while I meet a handsome man, like you, to help take the edge off."

Brian laughed. "I'm just another in a long line?"

Lucy 's face colored. "No... Wow, that came out wrong."

To change the subject and ease her embarrassment, Brian said, "So, what's this guy done? Is he dangerous?"

The beers came and Lucy took back her hands. "Nothing yet, but he's known to associate with disreputable characters," she said, and then took a swig from the bottle.

Brian hoisted his longneck in salute. "Sounds like someone I'd like."

She choked out a laugh and wiped her lips with the back of her hand. "Thanks for the warning."

They sat quietly for a while, sipping their beers. 

Brian had high hopes for later. Hopes that included spying a naked woman. But he didn't want to ruin his chances by assuming Lucy had the same idea. All the signs pointed to 'yes'. But maybe the flirtation was just an incentive for him to buy her dinner. Time would tell. 

Lucy whispered, "He's leaving."

Brian turned to look, and the scruffy stranger caught him. "What'll we do?"

"You blew it, Sherlock." Lucy shook her head in disgust, tipped up her bottle, and drained a third of it. "My cover has been blown." She slipped out of the booth, saying, "I'll go to the ladies room and make a phone call. Someone else will have to pick up his trail." 

"Sorry."

"Don't worry about it. Order me another beer, please?"

"That's the least I can do."

Lucy smiled and squeezed his shoulder as she walked by. "The night is young."

Anticipation swelling his libido and constricting his throat, Brian watched her walk away. Lucy's blazer covered her derriere, but her calves flexed nicely above the black high heels. He guessed her barefoot height around five feet seven inches, a perfect height for kissing in any position.

Before disappearing through the bathroom door, Lucy glanced back and smiled.

Shortly after, the waiter brought bread and salad. Brian ordered two more beers. 

Afraid that his date would come to her senses and sneak away, Brian sat sideways to keep an eye on the Women's room. 

When she came out, there was no sign of hesitation as she headed back to their table, only signs of inebriation. Wandering through the table maze, her steps appeared a little ragged. Apparently, drinking on an empty stomach went straight to her head. 

Several other heads turned to watch her pass. Brian experienced a rush of macho pride, and savored the rare moment of being envied by other men. Then, he noticed her newly opened blue blazer and the sheer blouse underneath, unbuttoned to reveal a lacy camisole. Was the blouse unbuttoned like that before she opened her blazer? Certainly she wouldn't go to a job interview so exposed.

"See anything you like?" asked Lucy, sliding onto the cushioned bench.

"Well... as a matter of fact, yes." Why beat around the bush? "You are very sexy, Lucy."

"Thank you, Brian. You're pretty cute yourself." She removed her blazer and laid it on the seat. "Is it hot in here, or is it me?" 

"Definitely you."

She smiled and leaned forward, pressing her chest against the table. Cleavage -- smooth and creamy -- bulged invitingly. "You're sweet."

"You're a tease." 

Women did not flaunt themselves at Brian. Suspicion crept in and dampened his lust. 

Obviously sensing his mood shift, Lucy picked up a slice of bread and buttered it. "I'm just having some fun. Relax. I won't bite." 

But do you suck, he wondered. "Sorry. You're so far out of my league it makes me wonder, 'Why me'."

She took a pensive bite of bread, chewed a few seconds, and said, "Why not you? You seem to be a very nice man -- attractive, intelligent, successful, and polite. Women love that."

"I must be meeting the wrong women then."

"Must be." She winked, leaned over the table, and offered him a bite of her slice. 

"Thanks." He took it, and boldly enjoyed the view.

"I always take care of my counter-espionage partners."

The thought occurred to Brian that he was the one taking care of her, by footing the bill. Then her foot rubbed his calf, reminding him to relax and go with the flow. 

The food and beer soon arrived, and he focused on eating those, instead of her. 

"Mmm, this is delicious. Thank you," said Lucy, through a mouthful of meat. "I was starving."

"My pleasure," said Brian, hoping it would lead to a greater pleasure. But he wasn't the kind of guy to pressure a woman. Then again, maybe that's what women want, a little manly aggressiveness. He slipped off his shoe and rubbed her calf.

Lucy nearly choked. 

"Sorry," he said, putting his foot back where it belonged. 

She laughed. "It's okay. You just surprised me. I hope you know the Heimlich maneuver."

"I do." 

He sawed off a piece of haddock and offered it to her, making her lean over to retrieve it. As she wrapped her lips around the fork, he added, "I'd be happy to give you a private maneuver lesson, later on."

Caught off guard once again, Lucy snorted. She didn't offer a response, but he saw possibility in her playful glance. 

Seconds later, she said, "That was good."

He didn't know if she meant the haddock or the come-on. Afraid of being disappointed, Brian didn't ask.

Lucy polished off her second beer.

"Would you like another?"

"No thanks. Two's my limit. I'll just drink water."

"Counter-espionage agents have to be on their toes?"

"Something like that." Her toe rubbed him up to the knee. "I always want my partners to know that I'm capable of making rational decisions."

The foot rubbed his inner thigh, and Brian said, "Good point. I'd want you to have all of your faculties in a tight situation." The foot slipped slowly back down. "And you're right. It is hot in here."

They ate silently for a while. Her toes remained against his calf, teasing now and then.

"Where are you from, Lucy -- when you're not spying?"

"Chicago. How 'bout you?"

Tom glanced at her, trying to hide his surprise. He was from Chicago, too. 

"I'm from Duluth." It was wrong to lie, but he was afraid she'd balk at screwing around if there was a possibility they'd run into each other later. After all, she said she didn't want attachments. 

"Is Duluth nice?"

"It's okay, but nothing like Chicago."

"You've been there?"

"Many times. I love it."

"Next time you're there, give me a call."

"I'll do that." He waited, but no number was offered and he didn't ask. Tonight was all about fun and no commitments. 

Lucy became quieter, as the food disappeared.

Brian's lack of conversational skills chewed away his confidence. "Are you a Bear's fan, Lucy?"

"Oh, yeah. Da Bears were great this year. I can't afford season tickets, but I go as often as I can. Are you a fan?"

"Big fan. I can remember the 1985 Bears. Walter Payton, Jim McMahon, Dent -- it was a great team."

"Those were glory days, for sure. They're on a comeback." Lucy took the last bite and sat back. "I'm stuffed."

Brian put down his fork and drank the last of his beer. "No room for dessert?"

"No way."

Brian caught the waiter's eye with a raised hand.

"Yes sir?"

"Check, please."

After the waiter left to process the bill, Lucy said, "I need to check on my luggage. I'll meet you in the lobby -- if you don't mind."

"Are you sure? Wouldn't you like to play some backgammon?"

"No, I need some fresh air. Would you walk with me?"

"Sounds like a plan," said Brian, wondering if she'd really be in the lobby. 

"Great. Meet you out there," she said, sliding out of the booth. 

Stopping beside him, Lucy leaned down and kissed his cheek. "Thanks for dinner."

"You're welcome."

Lucy put the blazer back on as she walked out, covering the slim waist and hips that swayed in time with Brian's heartbeat.

The waiter seemed to be torturously slow. Brian had to force himself not to run out of the restaurant. His anxiety proved to be unfounded. Lucy stood by the front door, staring out into the night, with no luggage.

"Still nothing?"

"Nope." She smiled weakly. "Guess I'll have to make do." Lucy pushed open the door and stepped outside.

Brian followed. "What do you need? The hotel will provide you with a toothbrush. If I have anything you can use just ask and it's yours."

"Thank you. You're sweet," she said, but didn't ask for anything. 

The air was chilly, as they walked silently side-by-side along the parking lot. 

Lucy folded her arms over her chest. 

"Cold?"

"A little. The fresh air is nice, though. Spring always smells so clean."

"It's all that new life starting to grow." He put his arm around her. "Do you mind?"

"Not at all. You're warm," she said, pressing against his side and placing her arm around his waist. "Spring is my favorite season. What's yours?"

"Spring too. It's like new love -- 'O, how this spring of love resembleth the uncertain glory of an April day!'"

Lucy stared at him, perplexed.

"Sorry. Just quoting a little Shakespeare." He squeezed her in a sideways hug.

As they strolled she laid her head on his shoulder, and whispered, "Wow, I've never met anyone that quoted Shakespeare. I like it." 

Feeling the moment was right, he said, "Lady, you bereft me of all words. Only my blood speaks to you in my veins, and there is such confusion in my powers."

She giggled softly and then turned her face up towards his. Their eyes met briefly, and then hers gaze slipped down to contemplate his lips. 

"Love looks not with the eyes, but with the mind." Brian eased his lips to Lucy's. When they met, she sighed. The kiss lingered long enough for Brian to embrace her fully -- one hand around her back, and the other cradled her cool cheek.

When he edged away, Lucy's lips followed a brief distance. Her hands rubbed his back. Seductive eyes opened like hot coals, their intensity warming his face. 

"That was very nice, Brian. You're a good kisser. I bet Shakespeare was a hit with the ladies, as well." 

"I don't know. But he sure knew how to write about love." Brian began to walk. 

Lucy hooked his arm and turned him back toward the hotel entrance. "It's too cold out here, and I really need a shower. I wish I had some clean clothes to change into."

"I have an idea. Come up to my room," said Brian, holding the front door open for her. "I have a sweatshirt and sweatpants you could borrow. What's mine is yours." And what's yours is mine, he hoped. 

They were halfway to the elevator when Lucy let go of his arm, and said, "Okay. But first, let me stop at the gift shop and get a few personal items. I'll meet you up there."

"Sounds good. It'll give me a chance to pick up the room. I wasn't expecting company." 

Brian gave her a little wave goodbye, strode to the elevator, and pushed the button. The doors opened immediately. He stepped inside, pushed the number 3 button, and then spotted Lucy staring at him. She was grinning and shaking her head. 
