 Where to begin? First off something snapped in me and before I knew what I was doing I had the hots for my best friends mother. One morning a few months ago I went over to Dale's house, I came in the back door like always except this time there in the kitchen in a teddy night gown was Mrs. Drake. I just burst in as always but once I saw her I was frozen in my footsteps. My eyes were frozen on her fine pointed tits. The nipples were hard and pushing out thought he material of the teddy. 

The bottom was tight around her small tight ass. The crotch was pulled up in her cunt and the dark hair was visible. What a fucking body she has. I never really looked at her before but wow, holy shit she was one sexy lady. I got a hard on and it was pushing hard to get free of my cut off jeans. She was smiling at me and she knew I was embarrassed by the red in my cheeks. I could not speak, but I could see she was giving me the once over pretty damn close. Her eyes were fixed on my crotch and my cock started to quiver. It was jumping like a bullfrog in a bag. That is when I noticed her eyes. Shit she was drunk as a skunk. Then I remembered Dale had told me he was going to stay with his grandmother this weekend because his mother was going out to a big company party. 

It was about seven thirty now my guess is that she just got home a few minutes before I got here. 

"Hi William, your early today did you forget Dale is not here?" She said, with words that were slow and measured. I don't remember coming around the kitchen table but I was standing just inches away when her legs seem to give out. I caught her in my arms. One hand got a good hold on her left tit and the other hand came up between her legs. So there I stood with a hand full of tit and ass. Carla, Mrs. Drake was out cold. I scooped her up and carried her easily to her up stairs bedroom. Her bed was not turned down so I laid her on the bedspread. She looked beautiful what a body. 

Even laying on her back her fine tits did not slid back under her arms. She was sound asleep and I could not help myself I pulled down her bottom so I could see her pussy. She had dark hair trimmed to a bikini cut. I could see the pink lips of her pussy just pushing out past the crack of her pussy. I reached down and parted the lips so I could see the wet inside of her cunt. 

Her clitoris was dark pink and it looked like a little mound that needed kissing. So I leaned down and licked my tongue across it. She moans a deep throaty sound. It did not sound as if she minded what I did so I did it again. Letting my tongue linger on her clitoris she moans again. I sucked on it and licked harder across it. She wiggled her ass and let out a little gasp of air. At this point I lost my head and pulled her cunt wide open and rammed my tongue as deep as it would go into her juicy cunt. This is when she grabbed my head between her hands and pulled my mouth tight to her pussy. I could hardly breath but I did not let that stop me from giving her the licking of her life.


"I heard her scream 'Oh, God, William what are you doing to me?" She did not let my go so I could pull away. Oh, no she had a grip on my head and she wanted more of my tongue. She let out a shriek and I knew she was about to climax. Her climax was a warm steady stream of the sweetest cum I ever tasted. I had heard of the nectar of love but until this moment I never thought is was real. I licked and suck the flow of nectar and was totally engrossed in what I was doing. 

When she came down from her high she laid still while I rested my head on her thigh. It was a few minutes later when she took hold of my head and this time she gently tugged on it to get me to move up beside her. I did. She was smiling and hugging me. So I hugged her back. Her pertty little tit was right there so I pulled back the material and sucked on the nipple. That got me an "Oh, Oh, my god William, what are you doing to me?" Gee I thought I heard that before somewhere. I said, "My fucking cock is hurting. I want to fuck you" After that there were no words just movement as I pulled my jeans down. She pushed me over on my back. Carla took my cock in her hands and pulled on it long and slow. She was measuring as she went. I said, "Baby suck my cock?" She moved slowly down trailing kissed and wet licks as she went. She opened her mouth wide and took the shaft of my cock in her mouth. 

As if she were going to bit it off. She held it in her teeth for a long second and in that second I felt a new sensation like none I ever felt before. She was holding my cock in her teeth I was at her mercy and she had the upper hand for the moment. Then she let her head move so that the head of my cock was slipped into her mouth. I am proud to say that I do have a longer than average cock plus it is thick. But that was not a hindrance to her. She took my cock slowly all the way to my fucking balls. The head of my cock was in her throat I as sure. No one could suck all that cock in just her mouth.

"Wow," I said, "What a fantastic cocksucker you are." She tightened her grip on my balls to let me know I was to shut the fuck up. I watched the top of her head bob up and down. All the while she was doing things with her tongue I had only dreamed of heretofore. I felt my balls tighten and my cock seem to swell even larger at her fantastic sucking. I said "Wait, don't make me cum get on my cock I want to fuck you." She wanted that also for she jumped up straddling my waist. My cock disappeared up her wet cunt in once fell swoop. Up to my balls and she wanted more. 

Hunching over she jerked her hips back and forth while I pushed up on every move. I felt my cock hit bottom and rub her from front to back on the inside. All of a sudden she screwed and arched her back. My eyes were locked on her tits as they pointed toward the ceiling. Then she crunched on my cock. What a grip. She was pulsating on the inside as I shot a load in her like nothing I had ever done before. What a great fuck she was. I was completely spent so was she as she fell across my chest. My cock was still throbbing as it lost it's size and her pussy was still pulsating as it came to a halt. 


I fell asleep. She was gone when I woke. I still had my t-shirt on and my jeans were still around one ankle. My cock, however. Was laying across my thigh for the whole world to see. My mind was not working to well about now. I was in a dreamland thinking about what I had just done. I had screwed my best friends mother, eaten her pussy and received a great cocksucking in return. 

I sat up when I heard the shower running. I walked to the bathroom door and called out. 'Mrs. Drake can I come in?"

"Yes of course" was her answer. 

She was standing naked with the shower door open. "Join me if you want to William." 

"Call me Bill all my friends do. I guess we are friends now." I said, laughing. She joined me in a good belly laugh. She pulled me in the shower and closed the door. The water was almost cool and it felt good. I kissed her and took her into my arms. She melted and she seems to follow my bodyline from head to foot. She was leaning on me and yet she supported her own weight. Her tits were pressed into my chest. I had cupped her ass with one hand pulling her closer. My cock came alive and moved slowly up between her thighs. 

The tip of my cock came to rest past her pussy. The shaft was lying along her wet crack. It was warm and the wetness was not all from the shower. Molded together as if we were one she some how got a hand down between us. She was rubbing her clitoris. Her eyes were closed not against the spray of water but she was off into a memory of wonderful days gone by. As I cupped her ass a finger managed to work it's way into her tiny ass hole. This seemed to excite her and it sure as hell did me. 

So I started to force my finger deeper into her ass and then pull it back again. I was in fact finger fucking her ass. She broke our long kiss and shook her head from side to side. Wet hair flying hitting me in the face. Then she did that scream thing almost scaring the hell out of me. There was a shutter just before she collapsed. 

Pushing back I opened the shower door. I carried her to the bed for the second time this day. She was out of if this time for sure. I was worried for a few minutes but she was breathing steady so I thought she was just passed out. I covered her, dressed and left. It was still early as all this had only taken a little over an hour. So I headed for the corner café for a well-needed cup of coffee. 

The first voice I heard when I walked through the café door was that of my best friend Dale. Wow, I thought what would I say and were to begin.