 I am a happy mother of 2 children, I have a wonderful husband, Thomas, who I love very much. We have threesomes with other women, but he would refuse to let another man enter the room. I finally had enough, and decided I was going to have another man one way or the other.

I had always been attracted to my husbands younger brother Lee. He was in the Army, tall, well built, and had the most sexy red hair. 

If I wanted anyone other than my husband it would be him. I made my mind up, and put my plan into action. 

Lee came home on leave because he had surgery. He was going to be home for six weeks so I had plenty of time. I am an impatient person, so on the second day he was home I asked him to stay with us. We had a spare room with a lock, so he didn't have to be worried about toddlers coming in and waking him up at an ungodly hour. 

That evening hubby took the kids out to his mother's house for few hours. He had no idea he couldn't trust me with his own brother. 

As soon as they were out the door, I told Lee I was going to take a bath. I took my time, we have only one bathroom, and I knew eventually he would have to use it. 

The time came and he knocked on the door wanting to know how much longer I planned to be in there. I closed the shower curtain, and told him to come on in, I couldn't see him and vise versa. 

He hesitated then came in.. there I was, the shower curtain was not shut like I promised. I was standing over the tub with a towel, acting like it was no big thing that my brother in law could see my newly shaved pussy as I bent to dry my legs. 

I heard him gasp, and I knew I had him where I wanted. I turned around and pressed my naked body against him and kissed him so passionately my knees buckled. He responded by grabbing my ass and pushing my cunt into his hard dick. I looked up at him my eyes telling everything and he took my hand. I followed him to the spare room, and he tossed all his clothes to the floor. 

I sat on the edge of the bed as he kneeled in front of me. He gently pushed my legs apart, and gave me the best oral sex of my life. I felt him slip in a finger, I was so wet. Then I felt another as he sucked on my clit. I swear he had his whole hand in me. He just kept sucking and pumping til I screamed. I laid there my head swimming from the amazing orgasm I just had. He took off his clothes and crawled on the bed next to me. I'm one to return a favor, so I took his hard dick into my mouth. I swirled my tongue around and pumped him with my hand. I felt him start to stiffen up, not wanting him to cum yet, I slowed down. He put his fingers in my hair urging me to fuck him with my mouth harder. 

I then climbed on top of him, grabbed the head board, and got ready to give him a ride he would never forget. I moved on him slowly at first. Then harder and faster. I came all over him. I could feel my juices on his flat stomach and balls. He then took a hold of my hands, and I am not sure how he did it, but the next thing I knew we had flipped. I was now on my back, my head over the edge of the bed, and my legs on his shoulders. He was teasing me with his cock. He would only put the head in and move a little bit. I begged him to give it all to me. I was so close to cumming again. He just chuckled, and continued the torture. Then when I thought I couldn't take it anymore, He rammed it all in at once, HARD. He pumped me harder and harder. I clawed at the sheets so hard, I tore a hole in them. Over and over again I felt my body spasm in an orgasm. It was like having one great huge one. I felt him thrust one more time, and then he rammed it in, and I felt him pulse, as his thick cum filled me. 

We laid there for a few minutes, not talking, just holding each other and breathing hard. He then kissed me, and said I had no idea how much he had wanted that. He had wanted me from the first moment we met, while I was dating my husband. He had secretly hoped we wouldn't work out so he could have me. 

I told him about his brother and I, how I am bisexual, and we have sex with women a lot. He just got an astonished look on his face. I then told him about how I wanted another man, but Thomas would never allow it because he thought he would have to do something to him. I would reassure him I just wanted two dicks for me but he still refused. 

Lee just gave me a look and kissed me. He told me 'Don't worry, I'll have a talk with him' 

I drifted off to sleep in his arms. Knowing my fun with Lee was not over yet.