 Being single for a long period of time is exceptionally difficult, especially when desires and lust fill your dreams every night. You fight every single day to not give in to these urges, to control yourself until the timing is right, but finally giving in to your lust, you decide that tonight is the night you live your fantasy. Dressing in your sexiest skirt, the one with the silk liner that does little to hide anything, and low cut shirt, red, of course, topped with strapless bra with that sexy lace that gets you so hot to wear, even when no one sees it.

Stepping outside in the chill night air, a shiver travels down your spine, hesitation hits, and you question, only for a moment, what you are doing, but as the a slight breeze wisps up your skirt and passes by your quivering, moist, and very exposed pussy, your blood rushes from your brain, bringing reason with it, and you head off in search of lust.

As you walk along the sidewalk a sudden loud sound startles you out of your lustful stupor, and you realize that a fire truck is leaving the fire hall. A realization strikes you and you rush towards the hall knowing exactly what you are going to have, finally. You stroll inside as the door closes, not wanting everyone to know you are here. You sneak around until you find a tall fireman sitting on a bench, his head in his hands. He is wearing a standard uniform, though it does little to cover his body features. He appears to be about 6 feet tall, fairly well built and very defined, you know it is him you want and stroll over to him.

He starts when he hears you coming, your shoes creaking on the floor, he starts to say something, then stops, lost for words, stunned by how beautiful you look. You walk over to him, standing directly in front of him. He stands to meet you, towering over your small frame. You close your eyes and his mouth drifts to yours. His lips, soft, yet strong tangle with yours, as your tongues meet your mind unravels with ideals of what he could do with it, and twists moreso when you find out he has a piercing in it as well. Your bodies press together, and passion floods the air, the sensation of his ripped chest pressing against your tender breasts filling you with pleasure and desire, the heat in your groin suddenly hotter than that of a thousand fires, good thing there is a fireman there to put it out for you. You walk him back to the wall and kiss him passionately, tongues dancing, hands wandering. His hands slowly drifting towards your chest, you grab his hand and slide it under your blouse, his coarse, strong hands caress your breasts, his caressing sends streaks of fire down your spine, creating a sensation that you could never have dreamed of before. 

He pushes aside your bra and allows his hands gently stimulate your nipples, but, you are far from in the mood for gentle, and kiss him aggressively, pressing your body to his forcefully, urging him to be more aggressive. Taking the hint he reverses your positions and pins you to the wall, overshadowing you with his large frame and strong arms. He abruptly forces your shirt up over your head exposing your skin to the warm air of the fire hall, your nude, tingling breasts exposed to him finally, he indulges himself and presses his moist lips to your nipples, licking and sucking them, the light touch of metal tingling you even more, you drift in and out of focus as you feel him tease them slowly, first lightly tracing circles around them, then indulging them and sucking them into his mouth where his tongue can stimulate them even further, then releasing them to lick them further, taking time to be fair to both until your fires inside force a need for more.

You push his head downwards to your groin, the heat inside of you needing to be cooled, and he happily obliges your command, he pushes your skirt up and takes a peek underneath, his first glance at your shaven pussy. He presses his lips to yours, separating them with his tongue, and tasting your sweet juices. Your mind swirls in passion, the feel of his rough features rubbing against your thighs and tender pussy amplifying the pleasure, you lift your legs up onto his shoulders with the last amount of strength you have in them, making it so that he can eat you with ease. Using his well formed legs, he lifts you up the wall, delighting your clit the entire time, sensually licking every drop of moisture he can find, his piercing scraping along your tender flesh adding to the sensation, while you float there suspended by this massive, and sensual example of a man, your body shakes with every, single, touch. You wrap your legs around his head and hold him tight, your hand to his head, gripping his hair, the waves of your coming orgasm twisting your mind, entwining your soul with his. As he sucks your clit into your mouth one more time, slowly letting it go and lightly tracing his teeth over it you reach your goal... you climax, sitting on the shoulders of this fireman while he eats you out. He lets you cool down and sets you down on the bench, your body shivering from the intensity.

You look up to him and see him, a silly grin on his face, the juices that still remained there glimmer in the remaining light of the hall. You wrap your arms around his head and kiss him, a hint of your juices still on his lips, your mind races, your thoughts distort and you know you must have more... you must complete this or your mind will collapse on itself, you reach down and undo his belt and drop his jeans to the floor, you grab a hold of his member and feel it, play with it, stimulate it, then back up to the wall with him in tow.

You whisper into his ear that you want him to fuck you, you feel his smile grow with your face pressed to his. He reaches down and holds firm your upper thighs, his fingers wrapping around to your behind, you lift and spread your legs to make it easy for him, and he closes the gap between your bodies, his chest presses to yours, you feel his hips between your legs, then you feel him, against your groin.

Finally his dick fills you, your groin clamping down hard on him, sensually fulfilled that he is finally filling you with the very thing you sought. you feel his cock slide inside of you, seemingly forever he eases his way up inside you until finally your body's seal together. Your legs instantly wrap around him, you are not willing to let go until you are satisfied by the very thing that has you impaled. You feel him slowly start to slide in and out of you, sending sensations and vivid imagery to your mind, your body arching, there is nothing you want more than this very moment. Slowly his pace picks up, for what seems like forever his member satisfies your urges, finally ready to help you start pressing back as he pounds himself into you, your groins meeting at every thrust and forcing your back into the wall again, your knees weakening you grip tighter and tighter, your mind drifting away you let instinct take over. the pace increases again and again your body ravished from the pounding, but you don't care, you just need one thing. His body shakes and he sends one final thrust deep inside of you, your moaning peaks with a loud sigh of release, and the two of you collapse onto the bench again.

Being the first to recover from the experience you gather your things and walk away, and walk home, barely able to walk a straight line...