 Note from Slickman: One of the first and most liked stories I've written was "Where's Waldo" A few readers have asked me to go back and write a story about how the "Where's Waldo" club started. Here goes. Please be aware there are sexual acts depicted between men and women, women and women, oral, anal, multiple partners and even an incest act at the end. All rights reserved. 

* 

"Dad, help me find Waldo," young Vic Jr. said to his father who kept looking up at the football game. He pushed the book up in front of his father's face. 

"Wait a second," Vic said as he pushed the book down and saw the tight end catch a pass at the two yard line and lunge over a body to score. 

"Who has the ball?" Vic's wife Amy asked as she looked over her stitching at the huge pile up of bodies on the TV. 

"He does," Vic said pointing to the screen. They all looked. 

"If he was wearing a Waldo hat I could see him," Vic Jr. said. 

Finally the pile of bodies moved and one man stood up holding the ball high over his head. "TOUCHDOWN!" Vic screamed. The Falcons had won the sudden death game. 

He looked down at the book his son was holding. "Look at the people coming out of the airplane," he hinted. Young Vic did as his father said and smiled. "THERE HE IS!" Little Vic pointed to the familiar red and white cap. "Daddy why does Waldo have to be a man? Why can't a woman wear the hat?" 

Amy giggled. "Yeah, Daddy why can't it be a woman?" 

"You're right," Vic smiled. "Why can't it be a woman?" He thought. "Or better yet, why does it have to be a hat?" He moved up from his chair and walked towards his office. 

"Daddy where are you going?" 

"To find Waldo," Vic laughed. 

He heard the TV channel being changed and opened his briefcase. Inside a small envelope under all the papers was a photo. He took it out and looked at it. "God, she is so beautiful," he thought. His eyes moved down her body until he saw the red and white polo shirt she was wearing. "I think I've found Mrs. Waldo," he whispered. 

For the next hour he typed on his laptop and when he was finished he looked at the results. "Will it work?" He wondered. "There's no harm in trying." 

*****

Two days later.

Christine Wright stared out at her soccer team as they ran laps around the large High School Soccer field. Her team was very young this year and was not expected to win as many games as they lost. Last year gave her the first conference championship however; she lost most of that team to graduation. Having a new team would mean spending longer hours away from her husband, Richard and her two year old daughter, Amanda. 

"ONE MORE LAP!" She yelled when they ran past her on the track. She picked up her notebook to look at the list of players and noticed a plain envelope addressed with only her name on it. She knew it wasn't there when practice had started two hours ago. She glanced around and saw that most everyone else had disappeared from the field. She ripped open the envelope and read the letter. 

DEAR CHRISTINE, 

YOU HAVE BEEN NOMINATED TO JOIN A PRIVATE AND EXCITING GROUP. THE PURPOSE OF OUR GROUP IS TO HAVE A NORMAL DAY-TO-DAY LIFE WITH PERIODS OF EXTREME EXCITEMENT AND VARIETY. BASICALLY OUR MEMBERS MEET ONE ON ONE IN PUBLIC PLACES TO GIVE AND RECEIVE SEXUAL PLEASURE.

Christine stopped and again looked around. A man stood across the field and was looking at the team running by. Could he be the one who slipped her this sick letter? She read on. 

TO MAINTAIN OUR SECRECY AND PRIVACY YOU WILL RECEIVE A MISSION LETTER, WHICH WILL DIRECT YOU TO YOUR CONNECTION. THE TIME AND PLACE OF YOUR MEETING WILL BE EXPLAINED IN THE LETTER. TO MAKE IT MORE DANGEROUS AND EXCITING YOU MUST BE WITH YOUR HUSBAND WHILE ON YOUR MISSION. 

She shook her head in disbelief as she continued reading.

THE REQUIREMENTS FOR MEMBERSHIP ARE SIMPLE. YOU MUST BE HEALTHY AND WILLING TO EXPERIMENT WITH SEXUAL PLEASURES. IF YOU AGREE TO ABIDE BY OUR SIMPLE RULES YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT. IF YOU WANT TO JOIN OUR GROUP ALL YOU WILL NEED TO DO IS WEAR A RED AND WHITE BLOUSE TO SCHOOL TOMORROW. IF YOU DO NOT WEAR ONE WE WILL UNDERSTAND AND NOT CONTACT YOU AGAIN. 

"Hey Coach are we done?" Jill Hoehn asked as she put her hands on her knees to rest. 

"Uh.............yes go to the showers," she said now sweating. She read the letter again while they walked into the field house. Maybe it was one of the team members playing a joke on her? After the girls had showered Christine gathered them together. 

"Did any of you leave a letter in my notebook?" She looked closely at their faces but none seemed to show any reaction. "If you did and you are not telling me I'll be forced to take serious discipline action." Again no one showed any reaction. "OK, game tomorrow afternoon against Washington High. Be here and dressed at 2:00PM." She turned and walked back into her office. 

As Christine read the letter for the third time someone knocked on her door. "Come in." She looked up to see the team captain Jill. "Yes?" 

"Coach, I asked the girls after you left and no one seemed to know anything about a letter," Jill said. "Is it a threat or something?" She saw the letter in the coach's hands. 

"No, I think someone is playing a joke on me," Christine said, forcing a smile. "If you hear any of the girls say anything let me know." 

"Yes ma'am," Jill replied. She turned and grabbed her bag from the bench and headed to her car. 

After everyone was gone Christine again looked at the letter. If it was real why would someone ask her to do such a thing? She was a happily married woman with a two year-old child. She loved her husband very much and had not even considered having an affair with another man. She was so busy with the team she had not even met a whole lot of men or even had that much contact with other men. And, to have sex with another man while her husband was nearby would be crazy anyway. She laughed and crumbled up the letter and tossed it in the garbage basket. It had to be a joke.

*****

"I'm home," Jill said as he opened the front door and carried in her dirty gym bag. "And, I'm starving!" 

"We are in the kitchen," her mother yelled. 

Jill dropped her bag and walked in the kitchen to see an empty chair waiting for her. "How come everyone sits in the same seat each time we eat?" 

"Habit, I guess," her father said. "How was practice?" 

"Good, I scored two goals and had one assist," Jill smiled. 

"Great," her mother said. "How did you do on your chemistry exam?" 

Jill took a bite of roast beef. "I passed." 

"Meaning a "C" or "D"?" her father asked. 

"A "D" but it was a "D+"." 

"Honey you will never get into a good college with "Ds"." Her mother sighed. 

"I'll get it up before the end of the semester. All of these long practices will soon be over and all we will have is games with shorter practices." 

"Where's my little brother?" Jill asked looking at his empty seat. 

"Your Aunt Abby took him to the early movies," her mother answered. 

"You know it is a lot quieter around her," Jill giggled. "But, I'll miss helping him find Waldo." 

*****

"How was practice?" Richard asked as Christine struggled while coming in the door carrying her briefcase and a large bag of towels. 

"Long," Christine said. "And, I have to do the towels again because the Sports Department washer went out again." She walked over to hug her husband who was looking out the back kitchen window. She pressed her breasts into his back and kissed him on the back of his neck. "Amanda is at my mothers so maybe we can have some time alone upstairs." It had been weeks since they had last made love. 

"Honey, I told you this morning I have a NASCAR club meeting tonight," Richard said as he turned and kissed her on the tip of her nose. "Maybe if you would have gotten home a little earlier." 

Christine held back her anger. "How come when I'm ready you aren't?" 

"Married people don't have sex every night," he said as he moved away from her body. He walked out of the kitchen. 

"Yes, but they do it more than twice a year," she gasped. She realized the letter had raised her sexual needs and now her husband had just walked away. She heard him leave the house and then carried the towels into the laundry room. Before hitting the "START" button she walked into the master bedroom and reached into the hamper to find more whites that she could throw in the wash. She pulled out some tee shirts, tighty whities, two bras and four panties. At the bottom of the hamper was her red and white polo shirt. "How did he know I had a red and white shirt?" she wondered as she held it up. She carried the whites to the washer and tossed them in with the towels and looked at the polo shirt in the bottom of the basket. She quickly removed her shirt, shorts and bra and panties and tossed the underwear into the machine before hitting the button. As the water rushed in she picked up her shirt and shorts and walked upstairs naked. 

Christine moved to her bed and plopped down on her back. She closed her eyes and thought again how crazy the letter was. As she imagined herself letting another man have his way with her body she toyed with her hard nipples. Richard was the only man she had known intimately and sex had always been a scheduled task for them. She knew his penis was shorter than the average Caucasian man's but had never really wondered how another man's equipment would feel moving in and out of her. 

"Ohh," she moaned when her fingertips discovered how big her clitty was and how moist her pink folds were. She had masturbated more frequently lately but it had never been as hot and exciting as the one she was having now. What if the man wanted her to suck his penis? She had never done that for Richard mainly because he wouldn't let her do it. As her fingers rubbed her pleasure button the other hand moved her thumb into her mouth. She sucked it in and out while flicking her tongue on it. "I wonder how big his penis is." She whispered out loud. She pushed three fingers and her thumb into her lips and pretended she was sucking a thick cock. 

"Ahhh," she moaned as her fingers pushed into her womanly hole. "Fuck me," she moaned aloud. Finally her body exploded and her mind went blank as an orgasm overpowered her. Her hips pushed up and down at her fingers. "FUCK ME!" She screamed. 

It was an hour later that Christine pulled the whites from the washer and tossed them into the dryer. She smiled as she picked up the red and white shirt and carried it into the kitchen. As she washed it in the sink she smiled figuring she would wear it the next day just to see what happens. 

*****

"Dad, over here!" Jill yelled to Vic when he walked into the soccer stadium. She was surprised to see him there so early. Normally he barely made the start of the game. 

"Hi sweetie," he said as he leaned over the short chain linked fence to kiss her forehead. "Are you going to beat this other team?" He looked to the bench and saw the coach wearing a blue windbreaker. 

"Yes, of course," she smiled. Jill was the lone returning senior. "I better get back to warming up," she grinned and walked away. 

Vic moved slowly around the fence until he was standing directly behind the bench. He saw the coach writing in her notebook and hoped she wouldn't turn and look at him because he knew he wouldn't be able to look innocent. He quickly moved up into the stands and sat next to one of the other fathers. 

Christine looked around about every five minutes to see who was around. She didn't want to show her red and white shirt until the time was right. The other coach walked over and she stood talking to her as she peeked up into the stands. She recognized a few of the player's fathers up on top and a couple of the player's boyfriend's standing down below. It was just before the start of the game that she turned and looked at the twenty or thirty people in the stands when she removed her jacket. 

"The coach is a real looker," one of the new fathers whispered to Vic. They both looked down at the tight red and white shirt and plentiful breasts pushing it outward. 

"Yes, she is," Vic whispered back. His heart was pumping blood down below as he glared at the wonderful red and white polo shirt. "Maybe, just maybe, this crazy idea will work?" 

The game started and was a lot closer than Christine really wanted. Her defense was made up of mostly freshmen girls and they made two big mistakes that caused two early goals for Washington. Jill broke away just before the half and scored one on one with the goalie. Christine forgot about the shirt as she stormed into the locker room to give the team hell. 

"ARE YOU KIDDING ME? YOU ARE MUCH BETTER THAN THEY ARE!" She let loose. She sat down and just stared at them. "IF YOU ARE GOING TO KEEP PLAYING LIKE YOU DID IN THE FIRST HALF THEN JUST STAY IN HERE. IF NOT THEN FOLLOW ME." She stood and ran out. 

Jill turned to the team. "You better get off your asses and beat her out to the field." The cleats hitting the concrete could be heard all the way to the stands as the team raced out to pass the coach as she sprinted to the bench. 

As everyone else watched the team run by the coach, Vic's eyes were on her bouncing breasts as she ran. He saw her looking up into the stands and quickly turned to look the other direction. 

The second half was like a different match. The team passed and controlled the ball and played unselfishly. Five minutes into the second half Jill was taken down inside the goal box and was given a penalty kick. She drilled it and the match was tied.  

"She plays as good as she looks," the new father whispered to Vic. He didn't know Jill was his daughter. 

"Yes she does," he grinned. 

A few minutes later the team scored another goal on a corner kick and from then on the confidence flowed and it became a blowout. As the team celebrated the parents moved onto the field to congratulate the players and coaches. 

Christine shook the other coach's hand and turned quickly to see if any of the men were heading her way. She saw one of the fathers walking up to her. 

"Good game coach," he grinned. "I think the year is going to be better than expected." 

"Thank you," she blushed. She noticed his eyes looking at her chest. She wasn't sure what to say. But, he turned and walked over to his daughter and gave her a hug. Ten minutes later Christine was all alone in the middle of the field and nothing was said about her shirt. She headed back to the bench and picked up her stuff before heading back to the locker room. Most of the team had already showered when she arrived. She sat at her desk knowing she should be happy but she was also disappointed. As she stood to leave she noticed her notebook and quickly opened it to see another letter. She tore it open and read:

"SINCE YOU ARE WEARING A RED AND WHITE SHIRT TODAY YOU HAVE DECIDED TO JOIN OUR GROUP. WE CALL OURSELVES THE WW CLUB. YOU WILL RECEIVE ANOTHER LETTER THAT WILL TELL YOU THE TIME AND PLACE TO MEET YOUR CONTACT. ONE OF YOU WILL BE THE SENDER AND ONE THE RECIEVER. THE RECEIVER MUST WEAR AN ARTICLE OF CLOTHING THAT WILL HELP IDENTIFY THEM TO THE SENDER. WE HAVE SELECTED A RED AND WHITE STRIPED GARMENT AS THE IDENTIFIER. 

ONCE THE SENDER HAS IDENTIFIED THE RED AND WHITE GARMENT HE OR SHE MUST SAY THE PASSWORD "WHERE'S?" TO THE PERSON WEARING THE GARMENT. IF THE PERSON IS THE RECEIVER THEY WILL REPLY, "WALDO". THUS THE CONNECTION HAS BEEN MADE. AFTER THE CONNECTION NEITHER OF YOU MAY SPEAK. THE RESPONSIBILITY OF CHOOSING THE PLACE AND METHOD OF SATISFACTION IS UP TO THE SENDER. BUT, IT MUST BE COMPLETED AT THAT LOCATION. WELCOME TO THE WW CLUB. OF COURSE THE "WW" STANDS FOR WHERE'S WALDO.

"Shit, this is real," Christine said as she sat back down in her chair. She kept the letter this time and drove home in a daze. Richard was watching a NASCAR race so she ate a quick bite and moved upstairs into the bathtub. For the second night in a row she masturbated while imagining an unknown man fucking her. 

*****

Vic too was thinking about Christine and how she had worn the shirt. He was not sure however, it she was setting him up or if she really wanted to have sex with an unknown man. He had never cheated on his wife before and had only put together this Waldo thing as a fantasy but it was suddenly real. He sat down with his laptop again and typed:

TAKE YOUR HUSBAND TO THE FALL SPORTS RALLY ON SATURDAY NIGHT. BE SURE TO WEAR A RED AND WHITE GARMENT. YOU WILL BE THE RECEIVER. ENJOY....WW

The sports rally was a gathering of all the teams, parents and supporters for the fall season sports. It was being held at the Sports Pavilion which was located in the center of the fields. It was also the night when the senior players were introduced and appreciated with applause and a School windbreaker. He knew he would be taking a chance if she exposed him and if she went along with it he wondered where they do it without being caught. He sealed the envelope and put it in his jacket pocket. 

*****

It was the Friday before the big Sports rally and Christine had expected to be notified of the date and time she was to meet the Waldo man. She had just returned from a meeting of all the coaches when she noticed the door to her office slightly open. She quietly noticed a figure inside and slipped in to see a man leaning over her desk. 

"Can I help you?" She asked nervously. "Was he the Waldo?" She thought to herself. 

"Oh, uh....I was leaving you a........note," the man said as he backed away from her desk. 

The man looked familiar but she could not remember where she had seen him. "Well you might as well just tell me now," she said looking at his older handsome face. 

"I'm from the office and one of your players was short on semester credits last year." 

She looked at him suspiciously. "Why didn't you call?" 

"I was in the building for something else and decided it was important enough to just bring it here myself. I tried to call before but you were out." 

Christine picked up the note and read what he had just told her. "Thank you," she smiled. "I'll check with the girl and have her stop by the office as soon as possible." 

After the man left she moved around her desk and pulled out her chair. There on the seat was a plan envelope with her name typed on it. She closed her door and ripped it open. 

"TAKE YOUR HUSBAND TO THE FALL SPORTS RALLY ON SATURDAY NIGHT. BE SURE TO WEAR A RED AND WHITE GARMENT. YOU WILL BE THE RECEIVER. ENJOY....WW"

"Shit," she sighed. "Does he expect me to allow him to fuck me at the sports rally?" 

*****

Richard was not home when she entered the house with her child. She put Amanda in the crib and moved into her bedroom to get a quick shower before her husband came home. She undressed and saw the red glow on her body. Her nipples were very hard and were hurting for attention. Her pussy was dripping and her clit was raised wanting come action. The Waldo thing had suddenly taken over her normally routine life. She moved under the hot water spray and rubbed the smooth soap over her wanton flesh. 

She did not hear the bedroom or the bathroom doors open and did not see the naked body moving into the shower behind her. She was fingering her deepest need when strong fingers caressed her buttocks. "AHHH!" She screamed and jerked away. Not only was she scared but she was also suddenly embarrassed to be caught masturbating. "RICHARD!" 

"Sorry I scared you," he whispered. "I was going to say something until I saw what you were doing. I've never seen you do it before." 

"Well, since you don't seem to want me anymore I don't have much choice," she said looking down at his hard-on which was dripping water from the spray. 

"Do it again," he said as he took hold of his steel pole. As he stroked it he watched as she decided if she would actually do it. 
