 After my sexual adventure with Elizabeth and Elena, I had been back over about a dozen times to fuck, but it was only with Elizabeth.

But one day, I came over unexpected, which I had never done before. I thought Elizabeth would be home on a Saturday afternoon because we always fucked on Saturdays while her roommates went home. I guess this time she forgot to tell me she wouldn't be home.

As I got to the door, Elena answered, which wasn't odd since she almost always answered it.

"Hey Elena! Is Elizabeth home, right?"

"Actually, she isn't today. Wanna wait for her? It should only be about an hour."

"Oh, no I don't want to bother you. I'll just text her..."

"No please stay," she begged. I couldn't decline her begging, so I just decided to go in. As we walked into the house, I couldn't help notice that she was smiling the whole time. We say down to watch TV.

"What's up with you smiling so much?"

"Oh, just happy ya know." It was obvious she was hiding something. I completely forgot about the whole smiling thing as she turned on a movie. Oddly, after a few minutes, she started to lean up against me.

I didn't care much at first, but when I looked over at her she was still smiling and staring straight into my eyes. I don't know if she was trying to seduce me, but I was getting turned on by her eyes. This caused me to take a look at her body and noticed her petite breasts popping out at me.

At this time I had a boner jutting out creating a bulge in my jeans. She must have noticed and prompted to squeeze my cock. I shook at this.

Not wanting to stop this, I let it happen as we continued to watch the movie. But it was too hard to pay attention with her squeezing my dick. I made a bold move and reached my hand over to her thigh, and she seemed to want it to happen. I caressed her thigh for a minute before I put my hand to the top of her tight jean shorts. I pushed my hand down into her shorts and began rubbing her pussy through her panties.

As I started he rub, she moaned and accidentally squeezed my cock hard. I could now tell why she'd been smiling the whole time: she had been wanting to have sex with me as much as I wanted it with her again.

I removed my hands from her pants and got an upset look from her.

"Is there a problem?" She asked.

"Oh hell no. I just have another idea." I leaned in close to her face and planted a soft kiss on her lips. "Let's do something while I wait for your sister. I think I have a game we boy might like."

We boy leaned in again and began passionately kissing on the couch I pulled her on top of me and we madeout for a few minutes. I decided I needed to make my move now cuz I had no idea when Elizabeth would be home.

I pushed Elena off and onto the couch. I pulled her shirt over her head and allows myself to she her breasts in her black bra. I unhooked her bra as fast as I could revealing her bare breasts. Before I allowed her to remove her shorts, I leaned in to suck on her bare left nipple. I could tell how much of a rush she got, and listened to her erotic moans as I worked on her nipple.

I let to to give her a chance to remove her shorts and panties, and used the time to strip down nude myself. When we were both nude, she went right down to my cock. It was a matter of seconds before I felt the tip of her tongue on my cock. She slowly licked the head lightly to tease me. A few moments later, she engulfed half of my dick into her mouth and wasted no time. She went full out sloppy BJ on me. She slurped on my dick and released it every now and then to spit on it and give it a wank. She we my very fast and was pushing me pretty early.

I couldn't hold out much longer. "Elena I'm gonna cum. On you tits." She jerked me off a couple of strokes until my dick shook. She backed off and allowed my streams of cum to land all over her small breasts.

"Austin, I need your dick in me now."

Unable to deny this, I pushed her down onto the floor and lined my cock over pussy. I slowly pushed my head into her tight sex as she moaned in ecstasy. I gave small thrusts until my full length was inside of her. Her tits had a small jiggle as I impaled her young body. I gave her a nice grab on the ass to rile her up some more.

"Wait." She said. "I want you in my ass."

I had never done anal, not even with Elizabeth, mostly because she never asked or hinted towards it. But I couldn't turn this down. I pulled out and Elena went onto her hands and knees. I put my head up to her anus and asked if she was ready and with a nod of he head, I inched my head into her.

She took it in like she had done so before, most likely while toying around. I took a risk and went all the way in in one thrust, and she shook and moaned. I gave her hard thrusts and took no time picking up the pace. Her tits jiggled as I went as hard as I could into to her ass. I felt like I was getting close, and was given the okay to come in her ass. I released stream after stream of jizz deep into her ass and we both fell ove in delight.

"We better by dressed before Elizabeth gets here." We both clothed and Elizabeth walked in.