 I love my wife. I really do. So please read this with a grain of salt.

My name is Gary, Gary Markus Jenning. My beautiful wife Marsha is an archeologist and makes a lot of money. It allows me to do what I want. I don't want to be a free loader, so I do work as a waiter a couple nights a week at a really nice restaurant. But mostly I play golf and take care of the house. I do all the cooking and cleaning and lawn work, allowing her to work her very odd hours. She does a lot of public speaking (at $20,000 an appearance, by the way), and has to travel a lot. She works for a local university and local museum. We live in Chicago, so it is a cultural hotspot.

In addition, excavating crews often find things that need verifying, and other museums that lay claim to those finds will steal her away at a huge consulting fee to be on site when they excavate. These trips usually last a week or two, and she makes it up to me with kinky sex when she comes home. She is a health nut and in great shape, so I've never been tempted to look at other women when she was away, but we have a pretty active sex life when she is home, so to suddenly go cold turkey for a couple weeks is rough some times.

I have no family in the area, but she does. My in-laws are nice, but I often feel like I'm competing for Marsha's attention when they are around. Her parents are very nervous about her traveling to third world countries, and I often think she spends more time on the phone with them when she is away, than with me. She got her doctorate pretty young at 25, and is now only 29, so they still see her as their baby. They pressure her to start having kids, but she always tells them that it isn't time yet.

Amy, Marsha's younger sister by 4 years, is also high maintenance. She isn't married yet and hasn't had a solid boyfriend for over 3 years now. Much like her sister, she is very attractive, but I've always found her to be a bit bitchy. She was very picky growing up, and now she seems more desperate, which is worse because she tries to date losers who are only after one thing.

Her two younger brothers have each graduated from college, but they still live at home. Marsha and I talk a lot about how her parents need to kick them out of the house. Amy had finally gotten her own place a year or so ago, but the boys were still at home. Watching how that family operates makes me happy that I stole Marsha away, but I also have to bite my tongue whenever I am over there. Of course, they feel free to criticize how we run our life. "A stay at home husband is terrible." "You two should have three kids by now." "Spending that much time apart is bad for your marriage."

I do have to agree with that sentiment, however. While I was never really tempted to look at other women, I was often tempted to look for sex in other places.

 * * * * * *