 When I left Los Angeles to work in Philly, of course I told all of my former colleagues to "Look me up if you ever land in Philadelphia!." Like everyone who issues such invitations, I didn't really expect any calls (who goes from L A to Philly??). 

Until last week.

When my cell went, I didn't recognize the number, but I could see it was a West Coast call. It was Rosemary, who had worked at the College as an Admissions Officer, whom I remembered for the trademark silk scarves she always wore around her neck. Attractive and cheerful, when I left, she had surprised me by giving me a closer-than-necessary hug and whispering, almost to herself, "I loved working for you!"

"Mike - I'm in Philly with my husband on a conference at Penn for a few days. He's busy during the day, and I'd LOVE to get together," she said cheerfully down the phone. I was instantly interested!

"Well, I'm pretty free tomorrow. Why don't you come over for coffee tomorrow morning - I have an apartment just off campus?" I responded. "Can I text you the address?"

"Tell me now," she said quickly - getting me more interested, as she clearly didn't want a text on her phone with my address. I gave her the details. 

"See you at 10," came the response.

At ten the next morning, my door buzzed. There she was, late 40's, stylish auburn streaked hair, cool white blouse over tight jeans - and a colorful, classy scarf around her neck. She still had the same athletic, curvy figure, with a memorable butt. She had a small bag ovr her shoulder.

"Hi Mike..." she almost whispered. Her face was flushed.

"Rosemary - what a treat. So good to see you again!" 

As she came in I held out my arms. She took the bag off her shoulder, came towards me and put both of her arms around my neck. Closing her eyes, she put her mouth up for a kiss. As our lips met, she opened her mouth and thrust her tongue into mine. She slowly explored my mouth with her tongue, while sliding her tits against my chest, completing the message by pressing her navel against my groin. My hands dropped to her arse, which had figured in my thoughts, on and off, for several years. I slowly massaged her lovely round buttocks, and then drew my fingers up and down her cleft.

"You know I always had the hots for you," she said. "I think we should go to bed. I have all day."

This was all very unexpected, but very welcome! I looked at her. I put one hand behind her back, and with the other began to softly squeeze her breast. Through a lacy bra, her nipples hardened. Her hand dropped and started stroking my cock through my trousers. I raised my hand from her back to her hair, grasped it, and pulled hard. 

Her face sprang back, and I kissed her hard. 

"You bastard. Nice." she said.

"Do you really want to go straight to bed?"

"Yes, I do. How do you want me?" 

"Bra and panties is always good."

"Here we go, then," she said, and there and then, in the middle of my living room, she started to peel off her blouse. Underneath was a white, delicate, lacy bra, covering two juicy, soft, full breasts. The scarf - was left in place! Looking at me, she kicked off her shoes, unzipped her jeans, and shook them off, showing her matching, lacy semi-transparent panties. By this time I was struggling with an erection. She looked down, and with a grin leaned in to me, and unbuttoned my shirt. She eased it off my shoulders, knelt down, unbuttoned and then unzipped my trousers. She pulled them down, leaving me in my slip briefs. I kicked off my own shoes and stepped out of my trousers. Her hands cupped my balls, and through my briefs massaged my cock. It was intensely stimulating.

"Ever since I knew you, I've dreamed about this," she whispered. 

I was astonished. True, she was one of the more attractive women in the office; but I had never realized or had any hint of attraction. But here she was, thousands of miles away from home, and in a situation which would probably never be repeated. And this was going to be fun...

She pulled my briefs down, and looked at my cock. 

"I'm going to suck this, so that when you fuck me later you last a long time."

In shock at hearing this rather demure lady talking like that, I said nothing. Her mouth and tongue started working all over my cock, as her teasing hands rubbed and stroked my balls. It did not take long before I felt myself coming. I grunted hard, and unloaded my sperm into her mouth.

"Mmmmmm... time for bed," she said.

We went into my bedroom, and got into bed. Rosemary immediately threw me on my back, and aggressively got on top of me. I reached behind her and unclipped her bra, and her two gorgeous breasts fell free. She immediately stroked my chest with them, and offered a nipple to my mouth. I sucked her nipple hard, taking a mouthful of breast with it. Her breathing got very strong. With my hands I ran my fingers over her backside. Her reaction was to throw her legs wide apart. Stroking her arse, I again ran my fingers lightly up and down the cleft between her buttocks. She pushed her bum up against them. I pressed through her panties into her bottom. With one hand I reached underneath her, between us, and slipped it under her panties to her cunt. She was soaking wet. 

I was ready. With one hand I stroked round her cunt opening, then stroked up and down between her lips, not (yet) touching her clit. With the other hand, I reached into her panties and delved deep into her butt until I found her anus. By this time she was frantic, bucking and writhing. I started to stroke her clit with two fingers, and rubbed her anus at the same time. She exploded in a frantic orgasm, which seemed to go on and on. Eventually, she subsided, and buried her face in my neck.

"Oh heavens, Mike, that was incredible," she murmured.

"It's only half past ten." I replied.

We hugged, stroked, massaged, back-rubbed and kissed for ages. Soon enough, her massaging and stimulating of my genitals had the desired effect, and I was hard again.

She lay on her back, and I went into her. Her legs went up behind my back, and between us we found the right position for her get off. She had a great time, and came noisily. But I was still hard (thanks to her strategic early blow job!). 

Rosemary looked at me with half-closed eyes.

"How do you want it?" she asked. 

"Doggy" I said immediately. It was my favorite position, and I was scared that two erections might be my limit.

She grinned. Turning over, she knelt on all fours on the bed. I positioned myself behind her, and slowly slid my prick into her gorgeously slick cunt. I put my hands under her and pulled her tits. She worked a rhythm against my strokes, and we got faster and faster. In the end I was pounding into her, and we both came, shatteringly, at the same time.

Lying on the bed, we then actually began talking to each other... reminiscing about our former workplace. She told me about her crush on me, and how she had decided to keep it entirely to herself. This was her opportunity for a fling; her husband, who bored her, thought she was sightseeing. We got up. I put on a pair of trousers, and she put on a shirt of mine. Barely dressed, we made some lunch. Then we showered - together - and I enjoyed soaping every inch of her body, as she enjoyed soaping me. We didn't fuck again, but both slept lightly, naked, next to each other, in the early afternoon. 

When we woke, we dressed, and I noticed that her bag contained a spare set of underwear that she put on in front of me. I will not forget the sight of her two seductively low breasts hanging on her slim frame.

At about four, she looked at me. 

"I'm going now", she said simply. "Thanks. This was a one-off. But it was wonderful. Here's your souvenir..."

In a small silk purse were the lacy white bra and panties. And the scarf.

******

I never had had an experience like that before, and nor, several years later, have I had one since. The only ground for optimism is that I noticed that the same conference is coming back to Philadelphia later this year...