 Getting home early this morning, I should have felt bad, but I didn't. Where I'd just come from and what happened there felt so damn good—so right. Let me explain my situation.

My best friend is a guy. We'll call him Zaire and you can call me, Imani. 

Zaire has this live in chick at his apartment and she has no problem with our friendship, but she would if she found out about what happened last night.

The three of us were doing the usual. Watching movies, playing video games, and horsing around until his lady went to bed for the night. So it was just me and him alone when Zaire made a move on me. Once we stopped competing against each other, that's when the real games began. But I'm getting ahead of myself...

*****

It's Friday and like always on most Friday nights, I was at Zaire's house chilling, instead of going to the club with my girls. I did my fair share of club hopping though it really wasn't my thing. Zaire and I had been friends since high school and we both enjoyed in quiet night in then a wild night out.

Zaire sat in between me and his girlfriend, Lisa, having a great time with two of his three 'favorite' girls (the third being his mother). We were watching The Mummy Returns (since Zaire's obsessed with ancient Egypt) with pizza, soda, and popcorn. I laid my head on my boy's shoulder to which his girl smiled at. I know I said, she didn't have a problem with our friendship, but that's because she slept on me.

Lisa was beautiful. She had an angel face with beautiful brown eyes and full lips with a mocha skin tone and long, black hair in soft curls. Her body was well-stacked with that massive donkey booty she sat on accompanied by her C cup titties.

She was hotter shit compared to me and I have to admit that I was a bit intimidated by her looks because of my vitiligo.

My skin was an array of my natural mocha complexion and the white patches that was a result of the de-pigmentation. I had lots of friends, but my skin condition made me a bit self-conscious around other women. Zaire always made me feel beautiful with the looks he gave and his compliments. He let me know vehemently that with my short brown hair, hazel/green eyes, D cup breasts, plump ass, and 5'8" 205lb frame, I was one of the most beautiful creatures made in God's image. 

Zaire was so sweet and I'd be lying if my pussy didn't wet once or twice when it was just us alone together. Well, being totally honest, I had feelings for my boy, but I'd never tell him 'cause we'd been through so much and shared too many that we'd never tell anybody else. Revealing my feeling could've jeopardized our friendship and that was something I wasn't going to do. Standing 6'2" and 225lbs with bronze skin, brown eyes, and a thin muscular build, back in high school I always found Zaire cute, but now in our adulthood (in the most erotic parts of my mind), sexiness exuded from him.

When the movie ended, it was around nine 'o clock and with a yawn, I knew Zaire's girl was headed to bed.

"Okay, that's enough fun for me tonight, y'all." she said standing up, stretching.

"Aww, c'mon, baby, don't kill the fun vibes." Zaire whined.

"The movie's over, so I know y'all are going to play video games and you know I'm not good at all. Plus if Imani beats you, it's a victory for both of us."

I couldn't help, but laugh at her words since Zaire and I were hardcore gamers and I was equal. Every game he had, I'd beaten him in at least once or twice. Hell, I knew he was going to bring his super 'A' game because I beat him last Friday before heading home.

"I'm headed up, so y'all have a good night, a'ight?"

"Night baby," Zaire said, kissing his girl and patting her ass as she turned to make her way to bed.

He set up his PlayStation 3 and popped in a game. 

"You ready to lose?" he asked, handing me a controller.

"No, so what're we playing first?"

Zaire sat next to me on the living room couch. "We're playing Mortal Kombat."

"Okay, I'm going to finish you then," I teased with a smirk.

Three hours pasted and we played Mortal Kombat, Super Smash Bros., and even the new WWE game, WWE 2K15. It was 11:30pm and we were button mashing like crazy in our last game of the night. We played the game (Super Smash Bros) like lives were at stake. Zaire played well, but history repeated itself as I beat him.

"I won," I sang, dancing in place and snapping my fingers. "Yeah, yeah, I won."

Zaire just let me bask in the glow of my victory, putting an arm around me.

He pulled me in close, our lips almost touching. "Yeah, you won tonight, girl."

"Mm-hmm and you mad, huh?"

"Naw, 'cause if I'm going to lose to somebody, it can only be you."

Looking at the clock in the room, it was nearing midnight and I knew I should be heading home. Zaire offered to let me stay the night, but I didn't want to intrude on his time with his girlfriend. He walked me to the front even though his eyes told me that he really didn't want me to leave.

"You can really stay, you know that right, Imani?" he told as we stood in the doorway.

"I know, but I want to sleep in my own bed."

Zaire smirked. "A'ight, let me walk you to your car."

"Okay,"

"Night, Imani."

Zaire pulled me into a tight hug, kissing me on the forehead (an innocent gesture), but when his lips touched mine, it shocked me. Instantly, I gave into the kiss, our tongues clashing like we had with the video games. Sexual currents shot through me as his sudden intensity inundated me. Air became an issue after a few minutes and we broke the lip-lock, staring at each other.

"Oooh, what was that, Zaire?" I asked, giving him a once over and the man in front of me wasn't the man, who'd been my best friend for years. 

"I'm sorry," he said. "I don't know what came over me. I guess I'm tired of fighting how I feel about you, Imani. I've got a girl and all, but I've...I've been feeling you forever though. I didn't mean to—"

His words shocked me and turned me on. I cocked my head to the left, "You didn't mean to do this?" and kissed him hard. "I've been feeling you too, Zaire."

"Okay, but what are we gon' do about it, girl?"

No more words were spoken as we kissed each other passionately while my shirt came off and Zaire's tongue was all over my nipples, making them rise like rubies. Shit, my boy worked my babies over. I knew it was wrong—it was dead wrong, but like I said earlier, it felt so damn good—so right. The fact that his girlfriend was asleep upstairs turned me on even more.

Moments later, I was on my knees swallowing Zaire's dick whole, which wasn't an easy feat. I was shocked to find out that Zaire had dick (eleven inches long and thick) for days.

"Damn, girl." he moaned in pleasure-filled agony.

I shot him a devilish grin and continued to work my magic. If could have I would have stayed down there forever. The taste of Zaire's dick was addictive.

"Let me see your tongue," Zaire demanded.

I happily stuck out my tongue as Zaire took his dick and slapped it against my taste buds.

"Get up. I want to taste that pussy."

I quickly sprang into action by standing up and holding one of my legs in the air. Down below Zaire frantically licked my clit. I didn't know whether I was coming or going. 

The entire was room was spinning. Shit, if I knew my best friend's sex game was like this, I would have come at him way back in high school.

"Ooooooh that feels so good." I squirmed, rubbing the top of his head. "Zaire! Oh my God! I'm going to cum. Stop, I'm going to cum!"

"You sure you want me to stop?"

"Yeah, I want to cum on your dick," I panted loudly as my orgasm was right at the edge when he pulled away.

I looked up, knowing his girlfriend was upstairs and with how loud we were I couldn't believe she was still asleep. Ask me if I gave a damn though. Zaire forcefully pressed my back on against the wall, shoving his tongue down my throat.

As he entered my wet slit my leg instantly wrapped around his waist. Never taking his eyes off me, Zaire ground his hips slowly; He was fucking me like he wanted me to feel each and every thrust and I damn sure did. Zaire's dick was spellbinding. I'd never been made love to like this.

I couldn't even catch my breath. I feel his dick in my stomach and I loved it.

My eyes rolled back in my head. "Goddamn." 

Zaire pressed his palm against the wall and dug in deeper. My walls were devouring his cock and I knew he was loving it. My nails dug into his as he drilled a permanent hole in my pussy.

"Zaire," I squealed. "Ahhhhhhh! Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

My legs began to shake.

"Fuck!" Zaire roared.

We were both on the brink of climaxing as Zaire just handled my body with tender love and care. Then as suddenly as rain began to fall our bodies shook, busting our nuts, but in the middle of his doorway, we made love for hours. Neither of us was willing to stop until we couldn't go any more.

*****

The next morning, I woke up on Zaire's couch around seven to the smell of him making French toast, Eggs, and Bacon. Coming into the kitchen, he told me that his girl had gone to work and that he'd have to leave soon too.

We ate and talked about last night. We both didn't know if the night before was just a onetime thing, but we both admitted that we liked it. We were still friends after some smokin' hot loving and that was the most important thing.

Zaire and I left together, headed in two different directions. Getting home early this morning, I should have felt bad, but I didn't. Fucking Zaire was amazing and he didn't know if last night was a one-shot, but I knew I wanted my best friend sexually again.