 It's your girl, Imani and I'm back y'all.

It had been three weeks—three weeks since my boy Zaire and I did the damn thing, fucked, made love—whatever term you want to use, that's what we did in the middle of his doorway. Zee rocked my world that night and what made it even more delicious was that his girlfriend was asleep upstairs the whole time. It was crazy how she slept through me moaning and screaming while her man ate my pussy and gave me all eleven inches of his thick dick.

Yeah, I know a lot y'all chicks got that 'Can-You-Believe-This-Hoe?' look on your faces, but let my break down that fateful night between Zee and me. First off, Zaire's my best friend and has been since high school. He's one of the most important people in my life. Sure he's sexy as shit, but he's also sweet, caring, and growing up with vitiligo, a girl needs people like people like Zaire instead of the teasing assholes I had to deal with in grade school and preppy bitches around in high school.

Zaire was the first to see past my skin and see me—see Imani. All through high school Zaire was my rock, the advice giver, the one who always listened, and my shoulder to cry when I needed it. I provided the same for Zee since he came from a broken home with an alcoholic mother and an abusive father. We both needed each other and had one another's backs. Hell, in our adult lives, we'd lost many a love interest because they couldn't handle our closeness, which brings me to Zaire's girlfriend.

His girl was a nice chick, who didn't have a problem with our friendship...only after meeting me. When she met me and saw that I had vitiligo, she had no problem with me being around or alone with her man. Why? Because she just knew that Zaire couldn't be interested in a chick that looked like me. Zaire didn't see it, but women can communicate more with their facial expressions and body language than with their words. 

She would've had a problem if she heard the conversation Zee and I had before the sex started. Saying good night, Zaire kissed me, revealing the hidden feelings he had for me. According to him, he'd liked me since high school and his emotions got the best of him. I held repressed feelings (for the sake of our friendship) for him that I admitted and somewhere in between friendship and desire, we made love. We made love for hours—about three times until we couldn't go anymore. I ended up sleeping over and left in the morning.

Zaire's girl had left before we woke up, so over breakfast we talked about we'd done. We didn't know if the night before was just a onetime thing, but we admitted that we liked it. We were still friends and that was the most important thing. Fucking Zaire was amazing and he didn't know if our night of passion was a one-shot, but I knew I wanted my best friend again.

That was three weeks ago though and I hadn't seen from Zaire since that awkward morning after. And I really couldn't blame him. Sure we liked what happened, but Zee was the one in a relationship, not me. Calling him, he told me that after what we did he needed time to get himself right. Like the friend I was, I told him to take all the time he needed. But that was three weeks ago and I was truly missing my boy.

Not seeing or hearing from Zaire hurt me, but I had to keep on living. It was a warm Monday and I took my lunch break outside. As I ate, Zaire was all I could think about, so you can imagine my delight when his name came up on my caller I.D when my phone rang.

"Hello," I answered, trying not to sound overly happy.

"Hey Imani, is this a bad time to call?"

"No, I'm on my lunch break." 

"Yeah, me too, but when you get off work could you come see me?"

"Yeah, I get off at five, so I'll be there around five-thirty."

"Cool, I'll see you later."

*****

Five o' clock came quickly and as soon as a sistah was off the clock, she rushed home to shower and change. I knew Zaire probably wanted to talk about our love making and I was going to talk, but I wanted Zaire again. I wanted him inside me. He was all I thought off for the past three weeks. Shit, I damn near creamed my panties when I heard his voice on the other end of the phone. Entering his apartment building, I was rocking the hell out of a white racer-back tank top and a pair of Juicy Couture cotton booty shorts that always my ass look bigger. I was out for the dick, make no bones about it.

Knocking and ringing the bell, Zaire immediately opened the door. He stood before me in an all-black Tisa hoodie, black fitted jeans, and Jordan 4s. Just the sight of him after so long made me melt.

"Why he gotta be so damn fine?" I thought just staring a minute.

"So, you gon' come in or are you just gon' stare into space?" Zaire's voice asked, snapping me out of my trance. "What's up with you, Imani?" he said heading back into the apartment and I followed him, closing the front door behind me.

"You tell me, Zee 'cause you're the one who called."

"Well, I called you 'cause I've missed you and we need to talk about a couple of things."

"Okay. Where's your girl though?" I asked. "She's not going to bust up the convo while we're talkin' is she?"

"She's away with her family. Her grandfather's sick, so she had to go see about him."

We were standing by the living room couch and Zaire sat down, pulling me towards him. I sat next to him, ready to hear what he had to say. I was fighting my hardest not to rip his clothes off and rape him.

"Well, let me just get right into this," Zaire sighed. "I've been wanting to call you and talk to you, but I didn't know if you would be willing to talk to me after the way I treated you." I held his gaze and let him continue as he caressed my face. "I know I've been an asshole just cutting you off and I'm sorry for that. I loved what we did, Imani, but it fucked me up 'cause of I do have Lisa, but my intentions were never to push you away."

"Well, you did." I shot back, anger from not seeing him coming up.

Zee frowned, sulking. "I know and I'm sorry. I'm all fucked right now. I don't know how I feel 'cause I'm with Lisa, but I've been wanting you. I'm kind of glad Lisa's gone 'cause telling you all this is easier."

I was blown away by what was said to me. Zaire was feeling me something serious. He really wanted me and was confused. I knew I wanted Zaire, but I didn't know he wanted me.

"Mmm, I know you want to talk, but I wasn't expecting all this. So what're you going to do about it?"

With no words, Zaire pulled me into a hug. This brought me back to our high school days when he'd do it after meeting with me after his folks were really giving him hell. With my breasts pressed against his chest, I could tell he was inhaling my sweet perfume. Separating, his lips found mine. Trapped in his arms, I rotated between sucking his top and bottom lip. His conscience started getting to him, breaking the kiss.

"What's wrong?" I asked, running my tongue across my bottom lip.

"We can't be doing this. Lisa,"

"Aww yeah," I chuckled. "Her. Well, she's away and I'm here, Zaire."

He smiled. "Yeah, but you're always here and that's why I love you, Imani."

Before I could say another word, Zaire forcefully took a handful of my hair and pulled my face toward him. Chest to chest, I could feel the stiffness of Zaire's hard dick on my thigh as he gently kissed my lips. As our tongues toyed with one another Zaire slipped his hand underneath my shorts and caressed my ass. Not breaking the kiss we stood up, Zaire taking me in his arms and carrying me upstairs.

In his bedroom Zaire had me up against a wall with my legs in the crook of his arms and inserted himself deep within me. I immediately gasped for air. Zaire's dick filled me up to full capacity. I had it only once before and like a junkie I was addicted to it already. His manhood constantly stayed on my mind.

My eyes rolled to the back of my head. "Goddamn." 

Zaire pressed his palm against the wall and dug in deeper. My sugar walls were taking every inch of the dick and then some. It was so good. My nails dug into his back as he drilled a permanent hole in my pussy.

"Zee...Zaire," I screamed. "Ahhhhhhh! Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!" 

"Fuck," Zaire groaned as he took me from the wall and fell on the bed with me on top.

I bounced up and down. "Aww yeah! Yeah! Ooooooh yeah!"

"Ride that dick!" Zaire slapped me on the ass, making me go faster.

"Ahhhhhhhhh," I cried out. "Awwwww fuck! This dick is so fuckin' good!"

Zaire cupped my breasts and pounded my pussy with no remorse. I held onto him tight, feeling my honey pot about to overflow. My boy was hittin' it so good that my juices were pouring out of me onto his dick and thighs.

"Fuck! I'm gonna cum!" I moaned as again, my eyes curled up.

"Me too," Zaire groaned, busting his nut deep inside me.

After cumming myself, we just laid there together without a word. Nothing needed to be said—not now anyway. Zaire opened his mouth to say something, but I stopped him.

"No, no. Let's just enjoy the moment, Zee."

He kissed my forehead. "Okay."

"You don't know how much I needed that. Just hold me please,"

I stayed at Zaire's spot the entire week since Lisa called and said him that she wouldn't be back until next week. She wasn't happy with everything going on with her grandfather, but she damn sure wasn't gonna be happy when she got back. Zaire was cheating on her with me and we'd just seemingly made the choice to be together...all while his girlfriend was away.