 Glistening warm droplets of settled steam rest beautifully on her newly cleansed flesh fabric. With admiration, I absorb her splendorous image through my aroused vision. The desire to paint creamy messages onto her canvass gathers power to manifest. I become fueled by the inspiration of her divine shape. Words do not escape the watery confines of my salivating mouth. I just recline in this queen sized memory foam covered bed of mine and toy with the thought of being encircled by two beautifully soft queens. I monitor the enticing manner in which she manipulates my yearnings with the simplicity of massaging whipped shea butter into her already moisturized skin. Sensual gestures call out to my center of creative activity. It effortlessly seduces my brain waves to formulate experimental approaches to conjuring up screams from her perfectly pitched vocal tones. So I just become an intrigued observer of her self-afflicted massage therapy. Only butter carrying the scent of exotic melons exists between her delicate fingertips and the curvy ass being rubbed for reasons of my enjoyment.

During this entire segment of slowed time, she carefully through peripheral vision, acknowledged the increasing bulge beneath fresh bed linens. Her motions fell in perfect sync with the exact sights necessary for me to hunger for her flavor, which hints at a citrus influenced diet. I remember my taste buds' reaction to experiencing her flavorful syrup sliding across their oral territory. So much so, that like a charmed snake entranced by the flute player's melodic hypnotism, my hands slide down my body's tonality. The nerve endings in my visually alluring abdomen and in the deep V cuts landing below my pelvic bone, feel my fingerprints' identity. Without putting thought into my self-pleasuring efforts, I subconsciously identify with my growing extension. 

Under the welcomed spell cast by the beautifully curvy diva, the wrinkles of my palms envelope my cylinder of hardness. Calm twisting strokes place pleasure into my own hands, literally. Just watching how her nude design gains a fragrant blanket of buttery softness has moved me towards the objective of physical contact. So donating to her the allowance of catching an eyeful of what she does to me is what I hope will inspire our slippery combination. 

"Babe, stop that. You know what it does to me to see how much I turn you on. I love that you still hunger for me after all of these years, but I have to go to work. You know that I'll be late if we get started up. I promise that I'll take care of all of that dick for you when I get back later today... Just please don't do this to me right now... Babe, I'm serious... You know that I can't resist your spell over me... Don't lick your lips like that... UGH!! I'm turning around, you ain't right. Damn, I forgot the mirror on the dresser was right here. I can still see you playing with it... No don't come over her Naviel, I'm serious!... Naviiii stop! You're gonna make me late..."

"I'm not gonna make you late. I'm gonna quickly make you cum."

Strategically placed affectionate kisses were delightfully delivered to the soft surface that the rear of her neck offered. Nibbles and twirling tongue kisses accompanied my lips as they danced around the space that her gold necklace consumed. The taste of tangy metal intermingled with her skin's tantalizing flavor as I orally seduced her nervous system into accepting my unspoken request of bodily engagement. We interlocked deep brown irises as my baritone leaked fluidly into the core of her eardrum.

"Reach back and hold it open for me."

"Naviii... You have to be quick... okay? I don't have time to play with you. Just cum inside of me as quickly as possible. I want to feel you swimming deep inside of me all day."

Her hands dug deeply into the trenches of her jiggly booty as she obeyed the command to part her pretty pussy for my intense entry. The tips of her middle fingers touched behind her as each one peeled apart her gooey vaginal lips. My width was gently scrapped by her fingernails as I slide into her watery world. Tiny rivers trailed down my shaft and cascaded from the hairless surface of my scrotum. I surveyed the mirror's reflection for the real-time sexual exhibition before us. Her pretty face contorted in such a wonderfully ugly way. My lady was so beautiful that even her worse faces charged my drive into her radiant core. After a few calibrating strokes adjusted her pink space to accept my efforts towards the roof of her uterus, I spoke to the rhythm of her melodic moans and musical breathing patterns.

"I'll make this quick, but I won't be cuming right now. This is for you... Play with those pretty titties for me so I can watch you in the mirror. You know I love to watch you touch yourself. Even me being inside of you right now started because of the way you touched yourself."

She gratefully obeyed as she closed her eyes and deepened the intensity of the cleavage that she displayed by pressing her busty C cups together. My dance inside of her snug walls quickened to a pace that would not allow her to speak words with clarity. So I spoke for her.

"I know how good this feels for you. I am also aware that this session is to be hurried so that you can make it to work on time. So I'll play with her clit like this... and with this hand I'll press down below your belly button like this..."

Her moans ascended into full voiced screams; consuming the space even beyond our house's walls. Each push into her over flooded canal was felt against the palm of the hand pressing her G-spot into alignment with my thrusts. Her heartbeat was felt pulsating in her clitoris as my finger caused climatic energies to rush with excitement into her lowest energy center. Her voice intensified its message of approaching peaks as we swiftly climbed mountains of electrical surges together. 

"Oh my god, Navi! I'm about to cum on that dick so hard! Please don't stop, don't stop, don... Oh shit Nah-Vee-El!!"

Surges of electrifying spasms forced her muscles into submission as she jerked and twitched powerfully within my stroke and embrace. The orgasmic explosion gave her uncontrollable strength; sending her wildly from my arms. Her knees buckled as if her joints fainted from the quick release of her life force. Her hands quickly left her squeezed breasts and slapped violently into the dresser; knocking perfumes, lotions, and loose change all over the place. She fell to the floor and away from my erected instrument of sexual intent. For nearly a full minute, she laid in a quivering ball across the moistened carpet between my feet. After regaining composure, she lifted to sit on her soft ass while looking up into my pleased stare.

"I have two minutes to leave out and I can't even stand up to get dressed. I knew that you were gonna do this to me... but it was worth it. Thank you babe."

Without breaking focus on the centers of my irises, she tongue kissed my scrotum while my lengthy dick laid comfortably across her pretty face and hung from her forehead. I watched my pretty lady being nasty for a few seconds before speaking.

"Okay love, you have to get dressed. I'll remember this image of you kissing on my balls while I play with myself later. I'll record it for you and send it to you while you're at work. I want you to go into the company bathroom and play with your pussy while you watch it. Then, tell me all about it when you get home.

-Naviel Skyy