 Alice stumbled out of her car covering her mouth with one hand and dabbing at the smeared makeup running down from her tear stained eyes with a crumpled up Kleenex. "I'm so sorry." She cried.

The guy in the pickup took a bit longer to get you, but when he did he was obviously pissed off. His chest was puffed out, his shoulders were reared back and he glared at her with his dark eyes.

She stopped in front of him, trembling and said. "I really am sorry. I guess we should probably call the Police?"

"You're damn right we should!" He said in a harsh voice as he pulled his cell phone from his shirt pocket. "You fucked up my fiancé's truck. You should really watch where the Hell you're going.

Alice stepped back nervously, her eyes darting from his massive arms, to the ground, to the blackened tissue in her hand and then back to him. "I'm sure there's a way we could make this right." She insisted as he pounded on his phone keypad.

At first I had to fight back a smile as I stood hidden behind my car. Alice was getting exactly what she deserved. I was about to jump in my car and drive off and go pay my rent when the guy spoke up.

"I need a grand." He said. "That should cover most of the body work."

"A grand." Alice said in a half scream. "That's outrageous; I don't have that kind of money. Plus, the damage can't be more than a couple hundred bucks." 

He started pushing buttons again on his phone. "But just remember, you're gonna end up with a pretty hefty ticket and your insurance will go through the roof."

Alice crossed her arms and tapped her right foot pensively. She looked stunning today in a short sundress and sandals with her brilliant hair shinning in the sun. "Fine." She said finally. "I'll get you your money, but its gonna take me a day or so."

The guy gloated self-righteously as they exchanged information, and as much as I didn't want to, I started to feel sorry for her. He had been kind of a Dick, and even though it was obvious that Alice was missing a few marbles, I didn't think she deserved this. She was just trying to get by like the rest of us.

When they had finished the dude squealed out of the parking lot. 

As foolish as I knew I was being I decided to approach Alice. I figured she would be embarrassed to see me, but instead she ran and threw herself in my arms.

"Oh my God!" She said wrapping her arms around my neck and covering my face with sloppy kisses. "You have no idea how shitty my day was until just now." She looked away sheepishly. "I just ran into this truck and..."

"I saw the whole thing." I said interrupting her with a smile. "I'm just glad I can be here for you." 

"He wants a thousand dollars by Friday and I have no idea how I'm gonna get it to him. I just paid most of my bills and I don't get paid for another week." She said through sadness in her eyes and a stammering lip."

"Well, I could help you out I guess." I said tossing my shoulders back. "I have half of it in my pocket, and I can get the other half from the ATM inside."

"Oh no!" She said pulling away from me. "I couldn't expect you to do that. I'm sure you have plenty of stuff to worry about without me being a burden."

"It's no big deal. I won't even notice it." I said trying to fight back a look of pride. "Follow me." I said taking her hand and leading her inside. 

"Here you go." I said taking the money from the machine and handing it to her. "Now you have nothing to worry about.

I wasn't sure what I expected from Alice but I was shocked as hell when she pushed me towards the bathroom. 

"What are you doing?" I asked.

"I gotta pee." she said.

"But that's the men's bathroom." I countered.

She grabbed me by the collar of my shirt and pressed her lips against mine. "Would you rather go in the Ladies?" She asked.

She pushed me through the door and past the man standing at the urinal and into the stall. She lifted up her skirt and sat down. Waiting for him to flush, wash his hands and exit. Then she undid my pants and whipped out my semi erect cock. "Is this the best you can do?" She asked as she sucked me into her mouth and I heard a hiss and a splash of water between her legs.

"I, uh..I just never know what's coming next with you." I said apologetically as I pressed my hands against the walls beside me. 

"I'm sorry." She replied letting my dick fall out of her mouth. "I didn't mean to be a bitch. Maybe I should just quit."

"No!" I pleaded, flipping my dick back toward her. "That's not what I meant at all."

She spun the toilet paper roll and ripped off a few sheets, handed them to me and pushed my hand, between her legs. "Wipe me!" She commanded.

My heart raced. This seemed crazy, but staring into her eyes as I ran that tissue over her wet folds gave me the most erotic feeling that had ever run through my brain. I had no idea what it was, but there was something about Alice that just made me want to live forever. My cock was at full attention now and my head was spinning uncontrollably.

Alice pushed me backwards so my back hit the door of the stall. Then she stood and turned around placing her hands against the toilet seat and backing her ass into my cock.

"Fuck the shit out of me!" She screamed. I entered her and rocked back inside of her feeling my balls tightened and a rush came over me. I tried to grab a fist full of her hair but she shook her head. My legs started to tremble as I saw her spine straighten. I was just about to finish when she flipped her hips and knocked me backward again.

She spun around and lept into my arms, wrapping her legs around my waist and digging her finger into my hair and scalp. I stumbled to get my dick inside her throbbing pussy and she pushed down on my hips with her legs, riding my cock like a wild stallion.

"Make sure you pull out before you cum." She whispered in my ears as she bucked up and down.

I cupped her ass in my hands and tried to get into a rhythm with her, but she was in a world of her own, slamming me into the door and screaming and moaning passionately. I heard the bathroom door open and then close again just as quickly. 

Her moans deepened now and her nails tore at my skin through my shirt as her pussy contracted around me. She shuttered and shook and I could feel her hot fluids splash over me as she screamed. "Holy Virgin Mary!"

I feel my own pleasure overtake me and try to exit her just as she had asked, but her legs were locked too tightly around me and we trembled and came together. She jumped out of my arms and pushed me toward the toilet, pulling her skirt down over her pulsating privates and straightened her hair. Then she was gone.

I took some time to straighten out my own clothes and spinning mind, and made the walk of shame past the gawking customers. Physically I was completely satisfied, but my mind kept asking. "When will I see Alice again?" I walked out the front door and was headed to my car, when I saw Alice talking to the guy in the pickup. I was prepared to run over and defend her, but then I saw something that shouldn't have surprised me.

She counted out five one hundred dollar bills, handed them to him. After they embraced lovingly, they got in there vehicles and sped away.