 While we were still dating, my dear wife, Jasmine and I would stop by a local watering hole on Thursday nights to play in a small pool torment. Held at the bar every week. They severed dinner while you bought drinks and played in the torment each player putting in five bucks to the pot winner take all the winner taking home as much as 150 dollars or more for the evening. Which would bring in a nice size crowd. The other thing about this bar was all the bartenders were female making the crowd mostly male except for pool nights.	

Jasmine enjoyed going to pool nights and she loved to wear a sexy outfit which  could be a short mini skirt and top that was cut low which meant when it was her turn to shoot more eyes were on her than on the balls on the table. This night she had out done herself, I had left for work earlier than her and ridden my motorcycle, and so I hadn’t seen what she had worn to work. I was sitting at the bar still on my first beer when she strolled in wearing a skintight black leather mini skirt with sheer black suspender hose, the type that have a built in garter belt and the only type she would wear, black pumps and a ivory satin camisole with very thin straps leaving her shoulders bare. This would be a very interesting evening indeed!

I brought her a drink and we sat there sharing the day’s events as others drifted in and by, saying hi and signing up for the torment. We waited for our turn to warm up on the table although I would have just loved to put her up on one of the tables and had her right then instead! The crowd might have enjoyed that too! When I got a turn on a table I took no time at all clearing the balls off and winning the game, which let Jasmine have the next game. I took a seat wear I would have a good view as did quite a few of the others there. We all enjoyed watching the ladies play. Every time it was her shot the room fell silent as all eyes, especially male, were on her. You either got a good look at her beautiful breasts as she leaned over to shoot if long blonde hair didn’t hide them or her will rounded bottom and legs; either one a sight to take your breath away. She won! I wonder if her opponent might have found it hard to keep his mind on the game mmmm….

We ate our dinner with another round of drinks it was game time, we both won our first round game advancing to the second, and we sat talking at a table waiting for our turn in the next round. Both winning again it was now getting down to the more serious players while we were getting a better buzz. Jasmine joked with me that she was going to win the torment. I asked her if she wanted to make a side bet, knowing the fun it could bring, she said sure. It was on! She had a tuff time with her next player another lady that wasn’t swayed by her table tricks but won in the end. I just got lucky mine scratched on a tuff shot on the eight ball. But we made it; it was time to see if she would like to up the ante? You bet! This was worth more than just a blowjob or eating her sweet pussy. Something public? We had to win first. More drinks bartender, by now it was around eight o’clock and we were feeling no pain I won putting me in the final four. Then it was her turn the other player broke and almost ran the table was she going to lose? She got her chance to shoot needing to run the table if she were going to stay in. I told her if she lost she would have to do me in the parking lot naked. She agreed then ran the table. DARN! 

All night I had taken every chance to touch her sometimes running my hand up the inside of her thigh to her now very wet pussy and telling her what I planned to do to her when I got her alone but being sure that no one else saw. We were both in a very hi state of arousal by now. We were also both in the final four one more game apiece to decide the winner. My next game was a snap I had more than money at stake here. So did she it seemed because she won hers without much effort. It was us in the finals for the whole pot and our side bet! Which now was surely worth more than what we had at bargained for so far, for her it would be anything she wanted her choice; for me I told her I wanted her and the bartender Sam short for Samantha together. Bet!

She had told me when we first meant that she had been with other women before although men were her first choice another women could always be fun. Especially if she had large breasts Jasmine loved large breasts and Sam had a pair to make any women proud.

She broke and I wondered if I would get to have a shot but my luck held and she was left with no clean shot on the eight ball. If she went for it she might scratch or she could play it safe either way I had a chance or you could say it was up to her. She scratched on the eight ball I won. I won! The pot that night was over $175 after buying the house a round there were always some who hung around to see who won but most had move on to another spot with dancing and music. We finished our drinks joking with her about our bet how nice it would be to be with her and Sam. Sam had long brown hair while Jasmines is blonde all blonde naturally I might say. Sam had green eyes Jasmines are blue. Jasmine has a perfect body 36B-25-36 5’ 2” about 100lbs. or less. Sam Had these just beautiful 38DD’s with the rest just the same as Jasmine. Both were just beautiful! Together any mans fantasy!! It was getting late and I didn’t need to be riding my motorcycle if I had anymore to drink. So I said my good nights giving Sam a nice tip and Jasmine a little nudge then kissing her and said I see her at home.

I got home started a fire and popped another cold one to wait for Jasmine getting undressed while I waited I heard the car pull up after about another 30mins. I had a good hard-on from thinking about being with Jasmine and Sam. I was sitting in a chair that faced the front door with the stereo on to some nice tunes and my hand full when the door opened to my embarrassed surprise they both of them walked in arms around each other. I knew I had won the bet but I had not expected her to bring Sam home tonight. She was still working or so I though when I left. So there I was stroking my rock hard cock before these two beautiful women! They just stood there watching with smiles on their faces, until Jasmine said “It doesn’t look like he was waiting for us at all such a bad boy I think we need to punish him, what do you think Sam?” Samantha said, “ Yes I think your right. What do you have in mind?” Jasmine “ Well first we must stop him from playing with himself before he’s no good to either of us.” With that she disappeared into the bedroom returning in a flash with some silk ties which they soon used to tie me to the chair my now aching cock swaying in the air oozing pre cum which after admiring her handy work Jasmine wiped off the tip of my cock with her finger and brought it to Samantha’s red lips. Sam licked the pearly white cream with the tip of her tongue then they shared it with a deep kiss with Jasmine just inches form me. They embraced kissing hands exploring each other’s delectable body until they broke apart looking at me watching them a big smile on my face. “I think he really is enjoying this too much.” Jasmine said as she unbuttoned Samantha’s blouse exposing her black lace bra that could barely contain ample breasts she ran her over the Lace encased mounds. My heart was racing. Now Jasmine had told me before how she loved other women with large tits. She is Bi and had told me so although to this point we had not been with another women nor had I seen her with one. We had talked about it was all. She pulled the blouse from Sam’s shoulders then ran her hands over the ample mounds of flesh again both there nipples were rock hard just like my aching cock. They kissed again while Sam tugged to free Jasmine’s top from her skirt she pulled it free then over her head leaving Jasmine’s chest bare Sam bent taking a little hard nipple between her lips while Jasmines eyes close as she sighed. I wished I were free to stroke my swollen rod. They were getting into it now as Jasmine had removed Sam’s bra they were both naked to the waist kissing and sucking each other while I moaned. My cock was just aching for some attention but I don’t think they cared. When they broke apart Jasmine moving behind Samantha and turning her to face me as she kissed her ear and neck while massaging Sam’s huge mounds. Her hand slid down across her tight stomach to the waist of her pants Jasmine slowly unsnapped then unzipped them pushing her hands where only my eyed could go for now. She slid the pants down around her legs toward the floor then bent down to help her step out of them and her shoes. There Sam was standing before me in a black lace thong and nothing else and me tied to the chair! What sweet agony Jasmine smiled at me from behind Sam’s gorgeous body as she ran her hands over every inch careful not to touch where I so hoped my tongue would be soon. She tweaked her nipples while nibbling at her ear lob as Sam rubbed back against her it was all I could to not cum right there at this lovely site. Jasmine’s hand crept ever closer to Sam’s panties yet stopping just before she would reach them. Sam turned to her embracing her and kissing her deeply I now saw her perfectas with just the black band of her thong showing as Jasmine’s squeezed her firm cheeks then it was her turn as she moved behind Jasmine undoing her skirt and helping it slide to the ground. Now Jasmine stood before me in just her suspender hose and heels, Sam in just her black thong. They turned together embracing in a long deep kiss. Then turned and smiled at me. They came toward me as one bending to kiss each side of my face then both joining at my mouth in a three way kiss god I wanted free but it seemed they had others ideas. As first Jasmine’s then Sam’s hand began roaming over my body all I could do was enjoy it and try not to shoot my load all over my self. They were very careful not to touch aching cock. Jasmine reached out to Sam’s crotch slipping a finger inside her soaked thong she rubbed her clit as Sam reached for Jasmine’s doing the same her they were fingering each other at face level. They then brought there wet fingers to my mouth letting me suck there juices form them oh how sweet! Sam was a little tarter than Jasmine is but delicious just the same. Untie me untie me was all I could think I want eat both of you yet somehow I knew if it would do no good to say that Jasmine would let me go when she wanted and not until. 

They kissed again then Jasmine took Sam into the bedroom leaving me alone in the chair. I could hear them talking but could make out what they were saying all I could think of was what they were doing to each other that I couldn’t see my mind raced with visions of them doing all kinds of things to each other and me left to suffer tied to this damn chair! Jasmine came back out in a short black stain robe she had change her nylons to black seamed hose I could see the hooks from a garter belt that held them up and her come fuck me hi-heels as she called them there about 4” hi making her almost stand on her toes so they had been dressing up too! Oh lord! She asked if I was enjoying my self so far all I could do was nod my head. YES!

She went to the kitchen returning with a bottle of tequila, a saltshaker, a bowl of lime wedges and three shot glasses. She stopped in front of me asking if I would like some? With a raspy voice I said, “Yes please.” She bent over at the waist sitting the tray on a small table, her back to me, raising the bottom of her robe showing me the tops of her thighs and a slight glimpse between her legs. She poured all three shot glasses full then turned after picking up two of them. Her robe had slipped apart reveling a black merry widow trimmed in black lace it laced up the front tying just below her breasts. Sam came out of the bedroom in red hi-heels black seamed nylons and a matching red merry widow her large breasts jiggling as she walked toward Jasmine. Jasmine handed her a glass then took her small robe off. They were almost a matched set one in red the other in black 

Jasmine leaned over licking a spot on Sam’s breast then reached for the saltshaker putting some there. Next Sam leaned over to where I could lick the salt from her breast then Jasmine poured the shot in my mouth while sticking a lime wedge in after. WOW! Then they took turns first Sam at Jasmine’s nipple followed by Jasmine at Sam’s. It was my turn again this time Sam salted Jasmine’s tit after my second drink Jasmine bent down this time licking the head of my dick then salted it Sam quickly bent to licked the salt taking another drink then salted it licked and salted it as Jasmine took her turn. Now they both sat down one on each leg there wet pussies pressed against my thighs. They began kissing me Jasmine saying I had won the bet and I would have them both but not until they had had each other. They slid themselves back off my legs rubbing their wet pussies on me as they did. Kneeling down on either side of me still kissing and licking Jasmine was first to kiss my man hood then Sam was licking the other side they meant at the tip kissing each other then back down the sides mmmm… I couldn’t take much of this! As Jasmine took my whole cock in her mouth then Sam as they took turns sucking on my pole. I would cum very soon if they kept this up I tried told it back with all my will but I erupted to soon for me anyway, they took turns lapping my cum up, then kissed me. Jasmine saying “Now that should hold you for a while.” They began to untie me Jasmine taking one tie and tying it around my neck like a collar. She pulled on it for me to get up out of the chair then lead me to the bedroom as Sam brought the tray of drinks.

The bedroom was aglow with candlelight and our old kerosene lamp she lead me over to another chair they had placed at the foot of the bed and told me to sit then they tied me to it Jasmine saying I could watch them for now. We did another round of shots letting me lick salt from each of there breasts again. Then they move to the bed lying out next to each other feet toward me they started kissing. It was surreal these two beautiful women making love to each other right in front of me I felt like the director of my own porn movie except I was tied to the director’s chair and I had no control of what they did. Still it was my own private show I wish I had been able to get it on film just so I could watch it over and over. Things moved along at a brisk pace as they explored each other. I wanted to see who tasted the other first or would they turn going down on each other together? Jasmine seemed to win moving on top of Sam enjoying her huge breasts her hand between Sam’s legs then she turned so her head was between Sam’s spread legs I could see it all her rubbing then her tongue stretching out to lick her clit as jasmine’s finger’s pushed in and out of Sam’s tight hole then her mouth covering Sam’s hard clit as she sucked it. Sam wasted no time in getting Jasmine in position to do the same. My cock was hard in an instant seeing them devoured each other. I think Sam came first but Jasmine seemed to join in during it as they both moaned into each other’s crotch. The pace picked up it seemed they both wanted to be first to bring the other to another climax and another. They broke apart Jasmine reached up under her pillow pulling out a long two headed dildo she placed it between them sliding one half into her while Sam worked the other part into her. Working together they were fucking each other with it. I wanted to play please let me play too!! was all I could think they must have read my mind because they looked over at me Sam saying “I like the real ones better could we use his?” Nodding to me. Jasmine said, “Of course we can we can do anything we want with him would you like to feel his hard cock in you now? We can let him loose if you’d like it looks like he’ ready again.” With that I was released from the chair. Free to join in with them I moved up between them and quickly began kissing Jasmine then turned to Sam kissing her alone for the first time. I worked my arms around the both of them while lying on my back pulling them to me for a big hug and kiss. As I began kissing first one then the other there hands roamed over my body. Until they came to my rigid cock both griping it with a hand. They began to move up and down very slowly at first until they found their rhythm these two lovely women were jacking me off. There hands switched place not really missing a stroke as the bottom hand just slide to the top the pot hand replacing the lower. I moved my arms so I could place a hand on each of there pussies; lord they were wet. I wanted to eat them both! I began to work my why out of their grip they seemed not to mind letting me slip lower between them stopping to suckle at each lovely breast. I slid lower still who to taste first knowing the taste of Jasmine quite the temptation was to go for Sam yet Jasmine had brought Sam home for me to taste decisions, decisions? I went for Jasmine kicking every place sucking all of her sweet nectar I could get while still fingering Sam’s wet slit. Then I switched diving into Sam’s flower of women hood and playing with Jasmine it wasn’t long before Sam let out a low growl as she came Jasmine and her were making out as I feasted at there tasty cunts. Now I switched back to Jasmine until she too came with an ah, ah, ah, ah, ahaaaaaaah!! 

 It was time to fuck these ladies Sam would be first this time as I moved back up between them favoring her leg I slipped between them, they were still kissing as I entered her she came as did smashing Jasmines mouth to hers as if trying to share it. I began pumping my cock into her she was so wet I glided into her I went very slowly at first withdrawing until just the tip was left in her she scrunched down trying to regain its fullness in her love nest the more I took my time the more she craved the penetration off her love canal she began begging me to go harder faster she came again Jasmine slapped me on the ass and said, “You heard her harder faster, fuck harder and faster, fuck her good!”  With that command I picked up the pace. Jasmine moved her hand to Sam’s clit beginning to finger it; bringing yet another cry of pleasure from Sam's lips while with the same movement  Jasmine’s lips engulfed a hard nipple as mine took the other. I pumped harder faster. It was hard to get a good pace like this so I quickly withdrew to her other side placing her between us and rolling her to her side facing Jasmine entering her from the rear lifting her leg to spread her wide seeing was the perfect invitation for Jasmine to turn and begin to eat Sam’s pussy; with my cock slamming into it. Sam dove into Jasmine’s pussy like a starved animal soon Jasmine came with a cry as Sam just seemed to having one after the other I felt my own welling up deep in my loins I held it back as long as I could savoring every trust until I felt Sam’s own climax to cause her muscles to contract on me squeezing me tightly pulling my cum up out of me spewing forth into her as I cried out my pleasure Jasmine joined us cumming from Sam’s mouth and tongue on her clit Jasmine licked at my cock the last few strokes lapping at our mixed juices then tune to share the taste with Sam and I. Sam mixing in Jasmine’s as well as we all shared another kiss. We all laid back holding each other in the after glow. 

 Until they got their second wind Sam reached for the bottle rolled over me so I was the one back in the middle making sure I was on my back she removed the cap and poured tequila into my belly button licking she wt a nipple with her tongue then salted it asking if Jasmine would like to go first? She did. Then Sam repeated it for herself I asked if I got to have two because there were both of them they laughed and said sure we all then did a couple of regular shots before Sam asked if she could get me ready for Jasmine. Jasmine smiled and said sure as Sam moved to my still soft cock sucking it between her lips running her tongue around the head drawing it out then sucking it back in it would seem Sam had some experience at reviving spent members! As the  blood flowed back into it stiffing me once again. Of course not the take anything away from Sam’s excellent technique I have to say the thought of being able to cum in Jasmine’s pussy too help me revive a bit quicker. Something about being with two women at the same time must do that. 
