 Last night I dreamt of you, I remember walking into the apartment as you sat at the desk, busy working on some "urgent" paperwork as you always called it. I was thinking about slipping down to my knee's in front of your chair spreading your legs as I let my hands slip down to your knees and looking you right in the eyes as I slip my fingers along your ass and down the back of your jeans so that they press my fingers against the ass of your panties as I move my mouth in to try and open the front of your jeans, letting you feel my face rub against them and press against your sweet pussy. 

Finally pulling your jeans open I let you feel my breath send a cool breeze across your already moistening panties touching against your velvety pussy lips. I let you feel my thumbs hook under the waist of your panties and pull up on them as I spread my fingers across your asscheeks and let you feel them glide up the small of your back, pulling your panties tight against the crack of your ass and pulling tight against your pussy now inches from my tongue, flipping my hands around I hook the back of your jeans and little buy little I tug the left side then right side slowly exposing your ass to the open air as they slip down your legs to the floor, my hands slipping back up across your now bare thighs.

My hands slip across your panties, curving my thumbs in so you can feel them press against your pussy, my fingers fanning out as they slip up underneath the base of your shirt and across your stomach till they reach your breasts, curving again my fingers fan across them, feeling your nipples hard against your bra as my hands begin to softly knead them, my thumbs pushing against your nipples letting your bra come loose and your top pull upward. Then pushing my hands up letting you feel them caress your neck as I finally pop your shirt off your head your body rigid and almost feeling locked to the chair as I kiss and suckle along your inner thighs letting you feel my soft brown hair rub gently against your panties and your other leg. 

You can feel my breath now bearing down upon your panties as my hands begin to work there way down your body, loosing the clasp of your bra as it falls to the floor and letting you feel the cool night air bite at your hard nipples as your tits slip free. My hands slip across your ass, pulling your panties from riding up your ass crack as I duck my head and you feel the wet suction of your panties pull away from your pussy, letting all the cool air meet your hot wet slit. wrapping your panties between my wrists like a pair of handcuffs. 

I lean my head forward, my wrists bound and begin to suckle at the top of your pussy, you moan and arch your back slightly trying to get more of my tongue inside you as you lift yourself letting the chair begin to tilt back, I wrap my arms around it, my wrists bound together and let you slip forward off the chair and onto the cold floor tile, still servicing your pussy with my tongue as your hot ass touches the cool floor, your hair spreading behind you as you lean back, your legs trying to clench together, pinning my head and my face deep in your sex. 

We're upon the floor now, the light of the moon comes in through the balcony window, running along my back as we are upon the floor as a beast with but one head. The line of moonlight frames your body centered to mine, illuminating just the finest edges of your pert nipples as you mouth, my mouth now nibbling on your pussy. 

Letting you feel me sucking the very juices of your pleasure from within you as you arch your back. You put your hands along the base of your back and my tongue pierces deeper inside you, holding your pussy open so I might drink from you like a goblet of fine wine. You feel the passion, the heat, you feel sweat freezing as it touches the cool floor running down your back and across your brow. 

Then you feel the shift of power as I slip your panties from my wrists to yours, your wrists firmly bound as I tighten them just enough as to hold you fast and slip myself up to your nipples suckling them gently as you bring your arms over your head both your hands clutching my head as you whimper, feeling your wetness running along the crack of your ass to the floor.

Finally your grasp my hair and pull my head back. You look upon my eyes with a seductive gaze, much like a wolf whom is stalking its prey or a lone huntress in the deepest jungles and you then slip your tied wrists down my cheeks and across my neck to my shirt and give a playful nudge as you sit upright unbalancing me forcing me to catch myself upon my palms. 

I look at you, the moonlight dispels any image of innocence in your smirk as you look upon me, your eyes probe along my shirt and across my pants, almost as if you can see right through my pants and gaze directly at my cock straining against both my jeans and my shorts. You surge forward pulling me off my hands so I'm laying on the floor beneath your naked form and you lean down putting a finger to my lips before leaning forward, your ass arched into the air as you suckle upon my lips and let your tongue mingle with mine, your hands positioned across my chest holding yourself up and at the same time pulling my shirt free. 

The moonlight cascades across the new bizarre sculpture we have formed as I know your teasing me, I hear you give your moans, the way you start low and gradually build up as you thrust yourself against a imaginary lover servicing you from behind as you pin me to the floor. I can feel your breath as a slow breeze building to a booming gale as you so do. You tilt your head down seeing the black outline of my arousal and slip your hands beneath you pressing your tits together to form a inviting valley of pleasure as I feel your nipples run across my now exposed chest.

I feel you kissing down my chest; it seems like a eternity as you come closer and closer to my pants. I eagerly expect your neck move and am again surprised, you turn yourself, I can tell your wrists are still together as I feel both your hands touch my balls lightly before hearing them slip along the floor. 

I look down and see your ass, and the shadowy silhouette of your tits beyond, your pussy glistens with silvery arousal as the moonlight penetrates you. I feel you lower yourself, your wetness rubbing against my stiffened cock through my jeans. You tilt yourself letting me feel it pinch just the tip of my member as I moan in compliance. 

I hear your sexy mischievous giggle as you slip your hands off and teasingly stroke my cock through my pants with your exposed sex while pulling off my socks one at a time as if trying to draw out sheer torture. Feeling a burning urge I don't want it to stop but i have to do something, anything and manage to raise my hand and gently slap your ass. 

The sound seems to boom through my ears like a thunderhead as you moan and rub against my cock, then you look over your shoulder back as me with a grin. "You like that?" you say with a smile, but before i can utter a word you say again "Then be a good boy and don't talk with your mouth full." as I feel my face trapped between your legs. Your hands free my cock from its restraints as your tits rub against it, all I can do is desperately suck.

Finally you give another loud moan as you lean down, gently suckling at the base of my cock, teasing it, feeling it throb and pulse against your lips as you lick along the side of my shaft. Not being able to take it, I suddenly feel your pussy lift from my face and feel your tits clamp around my cock, I look down to see your ass bathed in moonlight with your fingers slowly stimulating your clit as you moan and begin to thrust, joining you I begin to follow your rhythm, slapping your ass again and holding your hips as you massage my cock between your full breasts, feeling my precum already dripping between them.

Finally she turns and looks back at me, I can see my cock tipped right between her sights as her hands together work along it, stroking it harder and faster, minutes melt into moments and into seconds before the final release and then you look at me, the hot thick trail of my own excitement along my chest and you slip along my body, innocently giggling as you lean your head on my shoulder and then darkness overtakes us.