 Lizzie woke to the touch of someone's hand on her breast. Something suppressed her urge to open her eyes. Perhaps it was her built up horniness, or maybe she was just curious to feel what would happen next.

Careful not to stir, she opened one eye ever so slightly. She almost gasped when she saw it was her roommate Chris. He didn't notice her hidden gaze. He was watching his hand, as if he wasn't the one controlling its movement. Chris' right hand cupped her left breast, squeezing it, massaging it, stroking his thumb over her hardened nipple. He lightly pinched her nipple.

Lizzie couldn't believe he was doing this! They always flirted, there was definitely sexual tension, but wasn't he afraid she would wake up?

Unless he wanted her to wake up....

She felt him unbuttoning her white blouse. Should she wake up? But she was enjoying the way he was taking advantage of her. He was slipping his hand inside her blouse when the apartment door slammed.

"Hey kids! Daddy's home!" Lizzie's other roommate John boomed from the kitchen. Chris' hand was out of Lizzie's blouse in a flash, fastening the couple of buttons he'd undone. He stood up as John bounded into the room. "Yo, you eat dinner yet?"

"Shhh!" Chris hushed him, "Lizzie's passed out. You don't want to wake her up!"

"Passed out?"

"Yeah, it looks like she drank some wine and passed out on the couch." 

Oh, Lizzie thought, that's why he was being so bold! He saw the empty wine glass and thought she'd had too much to drink. She was a notorious light-weight when it came to alcohol. She'd only had a glass and had just been a little sleepy. So Chris really had been taking advantage of her. She couldn't believe how hot that made her! She could feel her pussy dripping and the nipple he'd pinched was still standing tall.

She knew what she had to do now…

*******************************************

Lizzie was crazy all week waiting for the chance to try out her plan. To help things along, she'd dressed just a little trampier than usual - not wearing a bra, wearing her tall hooker boots, wearing skirts. She had to flirt with John as much as Chris so she wouldn't arouse any suspicion. She just had to make it to Friday.

And finally Friday came. John was away for the weekend visiting his sometimes long-distance girlfriend. She knew Chris wouldn't be home until after happy hour with his co-workers. He usually got home around 7:00. She would be ready for him.

Lizzie took a bubble bath. Her skin smelled like vanilla and her hair like oranges as she lotioned her clean-shaven legs. She rubbed a little baby oil onto her bare pussy lips, so they'd be even softer than usual. She pulled on lacy white bikini panties and pulled on a baby blue, button-down night shirt. Her firm c-cup breasts poked out the satiny material. Lizzie wanted to wear much less, but since she didn't usually strut around the apartment naked it wouldn't be believable.

In the living room, she opened up a new bottle of merlot and poured herself a glass. She set the new bottle on the coffee table next to the completely empty bottle she'd pulled out of the recycling, making it appear as if she was now on her second bottle.


She savored the glass of merlot and watched a little Skinemax on TV until 6:45. Then she turned off the TV and carefully arranged herself on the leather couch. She propped her head up on a throw pillow, so she would have a good view of the action. Her shiny auburn hair spilled over the plush material. She lay halfway on her side, causing her left breast to curve dangerously toward the edge of her partially unbuttoned shirt. She hiked up the hem of her satin shirt to reveal her panties. Bending her right leg so that her knee hung over the edge of the couch pulled the lace tightly against her pussy lips.

She was posed for about ten minutes before she heard the sound of the key in the door. She heard Chris moving around the kitchen for a couple minutes, though it felt like twenty, before he wandered into the living room. 

Lizzie knew the exact moment he saw her because he stopped short and breathed in sharply. She almost smiled, she was so excited. Slowly, he came around the couch. He just stared at her. Lizzie could feel her nipples stabbing into the nightshirt.

Chris quietly moved the bottle over so he could sit on the coffee table. "Lizzie?" Instinct almost made her open her eyes. "Are you awake?" Lizzie focused on breathing steadily, her chest moving up and down with her long deep breaths.

Chris couldn't believe his luck! He honestly thought Lizzie might have a drinking problem, but this was perfect for him. Not wanting to miss such a great opportunity, he slid his hand under her slippery shirt. His fingers slid over her turgid nipple, her skin as soft as the satin shirt.

He was actually touching her bare tit. He'd wanted to do this for so long. He slid the shirt off her tit, exposing it to his perverted gaze. Once he saw it, he couldn't stop himself from leaning down and sucking it into his mouth.

Lizzie almost gasped as her breast was covered by his hot mouth. He circled his tongue around her nipple, then bit it with his teeth.

She felt her shirt being unbuttoned more until it lay completely open exposing all of her chest and her white panties. He expertly caressed and massaged her tits, sucking each one in turn into his mouth. He was in heaven. Lizzie was so hot! Her tight little body was exposed before him, her tits as magnificent as he'd imagined.

Not leaving his station at her breasts, he slid one hand down her body, over her firm abs, to her panty covered mound. He could feel her heat through the thin material as he rubbed his palm over her pussy.

Lizzie felt his finger dip into the top of her panties and slid toward her moist lips.

Chris was happy to discover she shaved her pussy. It was so soft and smooth. She was completely wet!

He couldn't wait to see that pussy, so he reluctantly left her large tits for her tiny panties. He slid them over her hips, exposing the pale flesh to his greedy eyes. He moved her legs so he could slide them all the way off her body.

Throwing one of her legs over the back of the sofa, he dove into her pussy, savoring her exotic spicy flavor.

Lizzie couldn't have moved if she tried. She was frozen in ecstasy. She felt him thrust a finger inside her as he sucked her clit into his mouth. He added two more fingers to his thrusting and nibbled on her clit.

She came hard and violently. As an uncontrollable scream escaped her lips, Lizzie reached down and wove her fingers into Chris' hair. She pulled him away from her burning cunt and pulled him up her body.

"You gotta fuck me Chris. Now." She pulled his mouth to hers and thrust her tongue into his mouth, enjoying her own tangy flavor.

Unbelievable. He unzipped his pants and brought his rigid dick to her steaming cunt. He teased her a little bit with the tip.

She reached down and wrapped her hands around his shaft. "Fuck me! Now!" She pushed him into her a little. He couldn't keep from shoving himself fully into her.

"Oh God, Lizzie! I've wanted to do this for so long. You're such a hot slut." He pounded into her, while raping her mouth with his tongue. He cupped her tits again, twisting her nipples hard.

"Uhhh!" Lizze yelped in pain. "I am your slut Chris. Fuck me harder!" 

He grabbed her leg and flipped her over on the couch, his cock still firmly inside her, and humped her from behind. He let his hand drift to her clit. He rubbed it, making her moan.

He felt her cum, her pussy clenching and sucking his dick like a velvet vacuum.

Chris moaned, "I'm going to cum!"

Lizzie pulled away from him, turned, and shoved him in the chest. He was still falling backwards on the couch as she swallowed his stiff cock. She wrapped her small hand around his shaft as she sucked the head into her mouth. Her full lips slid up and down his member for only a few seconds before he shot his load down her throat. She swallowed quickly, increasing the suction as she did.

She released his softening dick and crawled up his body. Lizzie straddled his hips.

"Lizzie, you are incredible." He brought his hands up to cup her breasts.

Lizzie tossed her head back and laughed, "I'm so glad you are a pervert and that it turned me on enough to seduce you."

Chris was very confused. "Seduce me?"

"It doesn't matter. You can touch me in my sleep any time you want to." She leaned down and hungrily kissed him, grinding her hips against his. She felt him growing between her thighs. 

They had a whole weekend before John came home...