 Morganna washed the last glass of the afternoon before casting a longing glance at the door. 

Her bar was clean, liquor cabinets were stocked full and ready for more patrons to come in and fill the place with lively stories, cigar smoke and booze until 2 AM when the place closed. She set the rag down on the wood bar and sat on a stool beside a rather large collection of whiskeys, bourbons and cognacs.

All the ashtrays had been wiped out again, the humidor stocked full of premium smokes and a few empty match boxes with the bar's name had been thrown out, replaced by fresh, full boxes for her regulars and the casual stranger who strolled in. 

It was Tuesday, meaning her favorite customer would probably wander in around eight or so, thirsty and ready to stare at her breasts while she worked. 

Nicholas was an unusual man. For starters, he was young. She guessed he was probably in his early twenties, but that was based on his appearance, not what he chose to drink or where he decided to hang out. The age of her normal clientele averaged mid 50's unless someone stumbled in, not knowing this was a cigar bar, not a club atmosphere. Nicholas never paid any attention to women closer to his age, either.

Also, he normally ordered a high end scotch, neat. And he always smoked his own cigars, usually Nicaraguan or Dominican high end like Padrón or Diamond Crown Maximus. Said he liked the older flavors.

She liked the fact that he liked mature things. 

Licking her lips, she walked past the bar to the door and flipped the sign to reflect that they were now open for business until 2 AM. Making her way towards the humidor, she slid the glass case open, pulled out a vitola and scanned the bar for a cutter. Spotting one by the beer tap, she retrieved it, held the uncut end of the cigar to the guillotine and clipped off a part of the cap. Bringing the cigar to her lips, she pulled out her torch lighter and lit the end of her cigar, puffing until the entire end was on fire. She cut the flame and took another puff, sending a thick cloud of sweet smoke billowing throughout the air to erase the faint yet distinct smell of cleaning products. 

She took her time to savor the earthy, coffee flavors of the Honduran made cigar before returning to behind the bar. 

A few minutes later, the stereo played old school jazz music and a few older businessmen had come in ordering mixed drinks and smoking. 

Morganna tended to their needs, keeping a watchful eye on the front door in hopes that Nicholas would show up sooner, rather than later. 

After a few more hours had passed, the bar begun to fill with the after work crowd. The business set from the financial district in downtown San Francisco came in to smoke, chat and unwind in a smoker friendly haven. John, the new second shift bartender, handled most of the customers while Morganna slipped off into the office behind the bar to handle paperwork and freshen up.

Shutting the door behind her to drown out the music, Morganna looked into an old mirror that hung on the back of the door. The little makeup she wore emphasized jade green eyes while ruby red lips accentuated her freckled skin. She tugged at her sweater, adjusting it so her ample bosoms showed better. Jeans fit her hips snuggly complete with ankle high boots with pointed toes. Her hair had been held away from her face by a clip in the back that centered a pony tail down the length of her back along with the rest of her mane.

She had no idea why she was going to all the trouble to make sure she looked so good for this one customer. He was probably in a relationship like many men his age. 

Chalking her insecurity up to her age, Morganna shrugged her shoulders and reached for the door. She stepped back into the bar area but took a quick step back out of sight. Nicholas was sitting at a seat by the window and there was a brunette with him.

Her heart sank. 

The brunette leaned forward on her elbows, waving her hand through the thick cloud of smoke coming from Nicholas's cigar. 

His hair hung down the length of his back and caught the light off the fixture above so that reflected a deep blue so dark it looked black. His charcoal gray shirt fit snuggly over broad shoulders and was tucked into navy colored slacks. 

Morganna licked her lips, felt her nerves ready in anticipation of goddess only knew what. Then she took a glance at the brunette sitting across from him nursing a...cola? 

Was she his girlfriend? 

Sizing her up, Morganna stepped out from behind the spot she was in. A tall patron caught her attention, waving a credit card.

"Damnit." Impatiently, she waved at him to signal he had her attention. "What can I do for you hon?"

He blushed, ran a hand through his curly blonde hair and opened his mouth to speak, but no words came out. 

She followed the line of his baby blue eyes roaming down her body until they'd met her assets. Or rather, her breasts. "I see. You're new here, aren't you?"

He nodded. 

She cleared her throat. "No wonder. You're too obvious. I take it you'd like to close your tab?"

He set his card down and nodded. "Yeah. I'm sorry. It's been a long day and seeing someone as pretty as you made my day."

Morganna forced a smile to her lips and took his card. "Just the two beers, Rob?"

He shrugged. "I just don't have it in me to drink much anymore. I'm getting older, have to rein it in after a few, ya know?"

An eyebrow rose. Pursing her lips together at the sight of the brunette leaning into Nicholas and brushing a hand across his arm irritated her further. "Just how old are you?" 

Rob winked, dropping his tone so that clearly he was flirting. "I could ask you the same thing."

She smirked. "Yeah but I'd answer honestly."

Frowning, Rob took the slip from her and put his card in his pocket. He offered her a fake smile and slid off his bar stool. "You a regular here, hon?"

He was trying for more charm. Great. "Yeah. I happen to know the owners very well." She winked for emphasis and waved him off while another customer ordered a beer. 

Morganna sighed and looked in the direction of where Nicholas and the rather annoying brunette were sitting. 

He was gone but she remained. 

Something possessive inside her drove her to maneuver past John to get a better look at this annoyance who felt she could capture Nicholas's company. 

Grabbing a bottle of Glenlivet 18 year old, she poured a scotch into a rocks glass and made her way to Nicholas's table. 

The brunette wore a simple black skirt and salmon colored top that came down about half shoulder. Her hair was pulled back tightly, her lips were too thin and her eyes reminded Morganna of the vacuous stares of too many stupid nonsensical thoughts running around her head just waiting for someone to ask, "What's on your mind?"

Setting the drink down on the table, Morganna picked up Nicholas's empty glass.

The brunette spoke in a high pitch that irritated Morganna further. "Excuse me, we didn't order another round."

Morganna shot a vicious grin at the brunette. Her shoulders stiffened but she forced herself to remain polite. "I know. Nicholas is one of my regulars. This one's on the house."

The brunette waved a hand to cut through the thick smoke from Nicholas's cigar. "Ugh, I hope he's almost done here."

Morganna spied him outside pacing back and forth with one hand up to his ear to cover it from the noise that often occurred around Pine Street. 

Reaching for the window, she slid it open. A breeze blew in and sucked some of the smoke away from the stupid bitch. "You his girlfriend?"

Brunette coughed into her hand. "As if. I couldn't date a man like him. He'd have to quit smoking and drinking."

Morganna snorted. As if. Stupid bitch turned in her seat to face Morganna, giving her a clear view of the woman with too thin eyebrows and a waifish face. She crossed her arms over her tiny chest in a defensive posture. "My name's Shannon. You are?"

"Morganna. I own this bar and am quite fond of smokers and drinkers, at least those with sophisticated taste."

Shannon spoke dryly. "Pleasure. Hopefully we'll be done soon as we do have personal business to tend to after this is over with." She gestured with a hand.

Blinking in disbelief, Morganna cleared her throat and stuck out her chest. "Tell Nicholas once he gets back in that this one's on the house. He'll know who from." Satisfied, Morganna sauntered back to the bar to assist John with the rest of the night until her shift ended.

Dragging herself out of the bar around 12:30, Morganna took one look up and down Pine Street and decided to head home. She'd already had a few drinks, smoked her share of sticks for the night and had worked her ass off. 

The cool breeze that San Francisco was known for whipped around her, blowing her hair back from her face. Deciding to grab a taxi back home, she sighed in exhaustion and made her way down Pine towards Market Street where most of the cabs would still be running this late at night. 

Once she'd acquired a cab, she piled into the backseat and gave the cabbie the address to her home. Slumping against the seat, she pondered what Nicholas was doing with such an airhead of a woman. Shannon said they had personal business together, which meant she wanted to fuck Nicholas. But he wasn't the type to go for the rip it and dip it girl.

He liked longevity. Maturity. 

And a woman with a figure.

She swallowed hard. What if she'd avoided his flirtations too much back at the bar and he'd decided to move on.

No, she told herself. That wasn't possible. He'd been a regular on Tuesdays for the last three years and hadn't once brought a woman in with him. He'd always come alone. 

By 1:30, Morganna had slid into the warmth of her bed, wishing for company. She knew exactly who she wanted and let the thoughts of Nicholas's strong hands gripping her thighs while he drove himself into her settle her into sleep with a renewed determination to go after what she felt belonged to her. 

The next day Morganna slid out of bed, padded into the shower and began to wash herself, taking time to masturbate beneath the showerhead. She liked her curves, didn't mind the extra few pounds and knew she had the attitude to back up her choices in life. Having spent enough years doing the various things she had made her a solid woman any man would be proud to call mate.

But Nicholas was with some airhead last night. Bartenders often developed relationships with their regulars but this was beginning to feel strange for Morganna. Perhaps it was the routine of every Tuesday night for the last three years. A girl got used to routine that excited her. 

Two hours later, Morganna was exiting the BART train station when she bumped into a very tall man. Her eyes widened when she realized who it was. 

Nicholas.

He turned around, a scowl on his face that quickly changed into a smile.

She frowned. Despite her disappointment at seeing him so quickly, her body reacted to his presence. Nipples puckered beneath her velvet top. The material irritated her more. Not wearing panties, the crotch of her jeans rubbed against her pussy when she took a step back. 

Dressed as handsomely as ever, his facial hair reflected a five o'clock shadow pattern. The deep blue shirt he wore complimented his eyes and made the tint of blue in his hair stand out. 

Eyes widening, he extended his arms and opened them to hug her. "Morganna!" She couldn't resist his embrace. 

His arms wrapped around her, pulling her into his body.

The hardness of him against her softness made her wet between her thighs. She gave in and hugged him back. 

Pushing her at arms length, he offered a shrug. "I'm sorry about last night."

Her lips pursed together in a thin line. "What do you mean? I have no claim on you."

She covered her mouth at the realization that she'd blurted out something that sounded completely obnoxious. 

Tilting his head, Nicholas blinked. "Actually you sort of do. See, last night was the three year anniversary that we met and I wanted to bring you a treat."

Her heart thudded loudly in her chest. "Really?"

He nodded. "Yeah. I figured you might not remember because you see tons of people come through your bar but..." His voice trailed off. 

An eyebrow arched. "But what?"

He set his hands in his pockets. "But fucking Shannon...she's been after me for weeks. I tried to brush her off but she was persistent until last night."

"Oh?"

Nicholas nodded slowly. "Turns out, she can't stand the fact that I don't go to church, like fine cigars and scotch and even worse? Apparently I flirt with the older women."

Heart still pounding, her lips curled upwards in a smile. She wasn't going to give into her desires this early, but she was going to have some fun with him. 

Running a hand through his thick mane, Nicholas continued, looking downward at the ground before setting his gaze on her lips. "I wanted to spend the night with you and close down the bar. I even planned to take the next day off."

She saw color appear on his cheeks and had to stifle a giggle. "What happened?"

"Shannon drove me back to my place and tried to seduce me. She got sick because I smelled of cigars and whiskey. I had to drive her back to her car. Ended up coming back here only to find you'd left for the night."

Morgan's eyes widened. She hadn't thought he'd come back. He never did. "You always leave just before my shift ends."

He cupped her cheek, his hand warm against her skin. "I hate disturbing you at the bar. I love your company honey but..." His voice trailed off. 

She leaned into the palm of his hand. Sensing he was holding back information from her, she decided to press him. "But what? Come on, spill it."

Nicholas dropped his hand. Inhaling a deep breath, he let it out slowly. He muttered the words Morganna barely caught. "The only way..."

Her breath caught in her throat. 

Grabbing both her shoulders, Nicholas pulled her to his and dropped his lips against hers.

Pressing into him, she tasted the faintness of cognac on his breath along with the velvety steel tongue of his that plowed between her lips.

Her body responded to his kiss, every nerve steadied to alertness. Her hands clutched at his biceps, pulling him deeper into her. 

Their tongues wrestled for control of the kiss and even though Morganna was a good six inches shorter than Nicholas, she won out. Molding her body to his, she shifted so her thighs trapped one of his between hers. She wasn't a hussy, but damn did she get what she wanted!

Hands tangled in her mass of hair, pulling her head back to expose her neck. 

Kisses trailed down along the line of her jaw, down her neck and back up to meet her mouth. His lips were pliant beneath hers. 

She swirled her tongue over his bottom lip before invading his mouth, exploring, touching, caressing his until he'd pulled back and smiled. 

Her heart pounded against her chest and she staggered until he reached out and caught her with a gentle grip.

"Wow." Morganna's pussy clenched in anticipation of more to come, but Nicholas just stood there.

The goofy look on his face didn't disappear but he wiped a hand across his lips. "I'm going to remember that taste forever. I almost need a smoke after that alone." He wriggled an eyebrow.

She smiled, licking her bottom lip. "I have an idea," she reached for him, twirling a fingernail around his chest.

A sparkle appeared in those deep sea blue eyes. "Yeah?"

"Come by the bar Sunday. We're doing a special scotch tasting and I think I have some stuff you'd be definitely," her voice dropped several notches, "interested in." She patted her stomach for emphasis. Fingers slid into the waistband of her jeans and down lower until she reached her pussy. Dipping her fingers in just slightly, she kept them there a moment, watching him watch her. 

His eyes remained fixed to hers though she swore she could see his mouth watering at the prospect of whatever she had to offer. 

"You've got it. But wait, isn't the bar normally clos-"

She pulled her fingers out and pressed them against his lips.

He inhaled sharply, letting his tongue dart out over her fingertips just to taste.

The sensation sent her hormones racing. "Yeah it is. But this is a private tasting. Be there at 2, okay?"

By now he'd drawn more of her fingers into her mouth.

She didn't want to move, other than to go to a private place and continue their game. 

His tongue swirled around her fingertips, cleaning her scent from him.

Pulling her fingers out of his mouth, she smiled and pushed past him. "Remember," she ran nails across his flat stomach.

He shivered and cupped her ass with a hand, squeezing her.

She giggled and walked past him, letting the taste of his mouth linger on her lips during the rest of her day.

****

The entire week passed way too slowly for Morgana's taste. She hadn't seen Nicholas since bumping into him on Wednesday and had begun wondering if he would show up today. 

Her gut told her that he would. 

No man kissed a woman like that without intent to seduce said woman.

She'd chosen to wear white today. Stockings, garters, white form fitting skirt, and boy short cut crotch-less lace panties to complete the look. Oh, and her favorite white three inch boots to give her some added leverage for her Adonis. She chose to leave her red hair down so that it swept over the curve of her ass with each step. 

Part of her wanted to stop calling him hers, but the sensible part of her wouldn't let it happen. He was hers, damnit! 

Setting up a few rocks glasses with various bottles of whiskey behind them as she would for a professional tasting, Morganna made sure to leave ample room on the bar and push all the ashtrays aside for her big surprise once he came in.

Drawing the shades over the windows, she looked at the clock on the wall. Ten till 2. 

If she knew him as well as she did, he'd be slightly early. 

Her body hummed in anticipation of his arrival. Nervousness wasn't something Morganna normally dealt with but the fact that another five minutes had passed way too slowly and Nicholas hadn't arrived yet bugged her.

She looked down at an empty shot glass. Picking up a bottle from the bin, she poured herself a shot of single malt and knocked it back. Dutch courage for a cougar, she laughed. 

The handle at the door jiggled.

Morganna looked up and walked around to the front of the bar. Reaching for the handle, she pulled the door open to see Nicholas standing before her in black jeans and a faded gray tank top. His suit coat hung over thick shoulders. 

She licked her lips. "Come in."

With a smile, he nodded and stepped into the bar. "Wow," he looked around. "It's odd being here when it's quiet."

She chuckled. "Yeah. It's kinda nice sometimes. I can fire up a smoke, sample inventory or just clean extra thoroughly if I want. But you're here for a different reason." She winked.

He didn't miss a beat. Shutting the door behind him, he reached for Morganna with one hand. Catching her by the shoulder, he pulled her forward and wrapped his arms around her.

Crushing her chest against his, she felt the firmness of strong muscles beneath the cotton shirt. Hands cupped her bottom, squeezing her.

She squeaked and stepped back from him with a glint in her eye. Looking up at him, she saw her smoldering desire reflected in his gorgeous eyes. 

He started to speak, started to dip his head down to meet her mouth, but stopped short. Morganna parted her lips. 

Nicholas didn't move.

She arched an eyebrow. "Something the matter?"

He shook his head. The look in his eyes definitely spelled out desire. If there was any doubt, the bulge beneath his jeans reaffirmed his arousal. 

"Then what, sweetie?" She touched his cheek, running fingers over the smoothness of his face. He'd shaved, making it easier for her fingers to glide over smooth masculine skin.
