 This is my first heterosexual erotic story! It's a bit of a slow start but hopefully you will all enjoy! If the feedback is positive then I will write up sequels which should cut to the chase a little more. Thanks to those who read!

============================================

It was another grey, dreary day and Tim wasn't sure that he was going to be able to make it through. Looking out of the window from the desk in his office he could see the bare trees covered in droplets of rain left over from the last shower and from the heavy clouds above he knew it wouldn't be long until the next downpour. January always had this effect on him, the month with no money, no sunlight and everyone abstaining from the pub leaving him feeling at a loose end. Sighing to himself as he peered out of the window he drew the blinds and instead turned on some of the salt lamps that he had in his office for just these kinds of moods. 

"Mr Oberst," Jenny said from behind the door. She knocked once and then came in, offering him a shy smile. "Your next appointment is running late. She'll be here in half hour." Jenny smiled, pushing her long red hair off of her shoulder. 

Tim smiled tightly, hating when people were late but he just nodded as he sank into his arm chair, his eyes moving over the swell of his receptionists chest and he slim hips briefly. "Fine. Just let her in when she gets here," he said, giving her one last once over before she disappeared back out of the door. Picking up his journal he wrote in neat cursive, 'Parker Sheeran. Late to first appointment.' before sliding his mobile out and indulging in his guilty pleasure of online poker. 



Parker arrived at the psychologists office just as the heavens opened and cursed as she realised she'd left her umbrella at home. Coming straight from work she was dressed in a tight pencil skirt and white fitted blouse, her light blonde hair tied up neatly in a bun as she rushed across the car park, her black heels clicking with every step she took. Managing to get inside she sighed as she saw her shirt had gone fairly transparent and she'd left her coat in the car. "Hi, I'm here to see Mr Oberst?" Parker said with a small smile to the receptionist behind the desk.

"Hi, you're a little late but if there's time he'll still offer you an hour." Jenny assured her, standing up and smoothing down her fitted dress before sauntering towards his door. With one swift knock she opened it and smiled. "Parker is here." Stepping aside Jenny let Parker pass and then closed the door promptly behind her. 

"Hi, I'm so sorry I'm late... the Ring Road was a nightmare." Parker said with an anxious smile, starting to feel a little tense now that she was actually here. 

Tim stood as he watched her enter, his eyes moving slowly over her petite body briefly, unable to help but notice he could see her lace bra through her shirt. "Hello, not to worry... I'm Mr Oberst but you can call me Tim... take a seat... would you like tea, coffee? A towel?"

Parker shook his hand, her fingers ice cold from the weather outside and she laughed softly. "No, I'll be fine thank you." Sinking down onto the plush arm chair opposite Tim's she sighed softly, lacing her own fingers together. 

Tim returned to his chair and watched her for a moment. "...are you nervous being here?" 

"It's not something I thought I would ever do... I'm – not really the sort of person who talks about these things." Parker admitted as she twisted her lips. Crossing one leg over the other she tried to relax, trying to offer what she hoped was a confident smile. 

Tim nodded slowly at that and he smiled back. "Parker, you've booked an appointment because you want results. You are unhappy or dissatisfied with the way life is now and you're just working to overcome that. There's no shame in that... You were vague in your enrolment form as to why you're here... shall we start by talking about what you hope to achieve with these sessions?"

Parker nodded, breathing out slowly and she avoided his eyes as her cheeks started to flush. "I – well. Ever since I was fourteen I had the same boyfriend and we recently broke up and – ten years of my life? My entire sexual history was with this man and I'd known for a while that I had been – he wasn't – I had never had an orgasm." Parker admitted with an awkward laugh, her bright blue eyes focused on her fingers as she fidgeted with them. 

"I thought it was just him and so when we broke up I tried different things and I've never been able to get there. I thought maybe I was defective in some way but my GP told me that maybe my anti-depressants had something to do with it? Or that maybe I'd developed a mental block? So he suggested speaking to someone like you." Parker nodded and glanced up at Tim, her cheeks flushed pink now. "I – I have never felt comfortable with my sexuality. I sort of enjoy sex but... it's not something I crave. My ex didn't have a very high sex drive and he didn't enjoy foreplay so I think I've developed negative associations with certain things. I just want to wipe the slate clean you know?" 

Tim listened to her speak and nodded slowly, making notes as she spoke and he glanced at her every now and then, admiring her delicate cheek bones, her pouty pink lips and just how much she looked like a delicate little gift to be unwrapped. Tim was not usually attracted to petite girls, always leaning towards bustier women with a bum you could grab but there was something about Parker that attracted him. "I understand," Tim nodded and smiled reassuringly. "...and there's nothing wrong with wanting those things. Everyone deserves a healthy sex life and no one would blame you for wanting an orgasm. I have to stress that I can't guarantee we will get there but if you're willing I'll do my damnedest to try."

Parker smiled at that, finding something about Tim quite soothing. When she had looked online she had imagined him to be some fat, middle aged balding professor type who would look at her like she was strange but in fact he was probably only in his early thirties and was actually quite hot. His dark hair that was clearly carefully styled to look messy and his dark green eyes made him retain a boyish handsomeness and she knew she would feel more comfortable talking about these things with someone she could imagine still had sex. "So what would that entail exactly? I mean... how – how do we go about this?" 

"Well, there'll be a lot of talking and a lot of homework. But we'll work on exercises to improve your pelvic floor muscles, there's a whole host of things we can do." Tim smiled and put his pad to one side for the time being. "But first... I think you need to relax." Tim said as he sat up straight. "Put your hands to your sides and sit comfortably... and then with me I want you to take a deep breath through your nose and then let it out slowly through your mouth."

Parker uncrossed her legs and relaxed into the chair, deliberately loosening her shoulders and she wet her lips briefly as she slowly started to breath with him. Keeping her eyes on his she breathed in and out slowly and when he told her to close her eyes she did, already starting to feel more relaxed. 

"Okay," Tim said softly as he leaned over and lit a vanilla candle that was on his desk to hopefully increase her relaxation. "What do you do for work?" 

"I'm a PA..." Parker murmured softly, still focusing on her breathing. "...for a CEO in the city."

"Sounds stressful. Do you work long hours?" Tim asked as he sat back in his seat once her eyes were closed, taking the time to really eye her now and he loved the way her clothes fit her so perfectly to emphasise her narrow waist and slim toned legs. 

"Usual hours for someone in my work... sixty hours, sometimes more." Parker nodded, enjoying the smell of the vanilla that was filling the room. 

"Is your boss demanding or do you have a good relationship?"

"We have a good relationship but he's very demanding. He wants everything done five minutes ago and can be very verbally aggressive when he doesn't get what he wants." Parker admitted. "And then I go to the gym before work everyday... I feel like I never get time to relax." 

"When you were with your ex boyfriend was sex a priority? Or not a regular occurrence?" 

Parker shrugged her shoulders at that. "it was when he was in the mood... so maybe once a month or so."

"And how did he initiate sex with you?" Tim asked, making a few more notes. 

"He... well... it was always just as we would go to bed. I'd have just turned off the lights and he would climb on top of he and start pushing up my nightdress, pushing my legs apart and I'd just feel how hard he was and we'd do it..."

"So you were never really given time to warm up? To become fully aroused?" 

Parker shook her head. "It was zero to sixty every time. I mean, don't get me wrong, I don't dislike sex. I just always felt as if it could be better."

"Do you masturbate Parker?" Tim asked casually, trying to build a picture of the sexual history of this young woman. 

Parker didn't respond straight away, shifting a little uncomfortably at the question. "Since we broke up I've tried it... but it feels good but not as good as I imagine it could feel." 

Tim watched how she shifted at the question, making a note of what made her uncomfortable. "And what do you do when you masturbate?"

Parker's eyes opened at that and she looked a little mortified at the question. "What do you mean? I touch myself..." 

"Yes, but... what do you do? Do you just lay on the bed and start to run your clitoris or do you..." Tim paused for a moment and he smiled at her. "Parker, I can see that talking about this is very uncomfortable for you but our discussions are always going to be quite frank and open. I need to know what you're doing, what you've done and much more to be able to help you." Tim pointed out with a small smile. "There is nothing to be embarrassed or ashamed of. I'm here to help you and there will never be any judgement." 

Parker swallowed softly and she nodded, biting into her lip gently. "I – yes. I decide that I have time to do it and I just start to rub my cli-clitoris." she nodded, a few blonde strands of hair slipping away from her bun as she did so. 

"Okay, well straight away... I have some tips." Tim nodded. "I know with your experience with your boyfriend it might seem that sex is just something you decide you want and you do it... but I think you really need to try and arouse yourself... have you ever watched or read pornography?" 

Parker just shook her head. "I've seen it but... it's not something I look for." 

Tim nodded at that and smiled. "There are a lot of porn films directed at the female gaze now... so maybe try and look into that? Or, a lot of my female patients prefer to read erotica as it allows them to fantasise a little more. So one a night when you have the evening free so you don't have to rush... take a bath and lights some candles... then maybe go through to your bedroom and keep the lighting low and watch or read something that you'll find arousing... then maybe use some tingle lube or balm and start to touch yourself. Not just your clitoris but your labia... your breasts... touch your body and make note of what feels good, don't rush yourself." Tim suggested, his mind wandering to what exactly that would look like. 

"Take your time and slowly build yourself up... try dragging your finger around your clitoris and then maybe – just try touching yourself in different ways until you find the way that is the most pleasurable. While vibrators and other sex toys are beneficial I think at this point you really just need to tap into your own sexuality, to enjoying your own touch. We're not trying to achieve orgasm at this point but just for you to shift your thinking so you see yourself as a sexual being and you know how it feels to really be aroused." 

Parker listened to him speak, her cheeks burning but at the same time she felt herself becoming aroused. It was a rare feeling for her, to feel wetness between her legs and her nipples straining against the material of her bra. Biting into her lip a little harder she nodded quickly as she listened to him, shifting a little uncomfortably in her seat. "So I need to be relaxed? And to take my time." 

Tim nodded with a smile. "Yes. Exactly. And don't focus on getting to the orgasm, enjoy what you're actually doing. Enjoy the pleasure of a sexual touch rather than racing towards the destination. The journey is just as important." Tim murmured and stood up, going over to his desk. "I actually got given some samples..." he murmured as he rifled through its messy contents only to take out a small cylinder container of Bombshell Balm. "Try this... if you massage it into your nipples and clitoris as you start to read or watch you might find it helps you along," he murmured as he offered it to her. 

Parker took it from him, their fingers brushing one anothers as they exchanged it. "Thank you," she murmured quietly, crossing her legs once more. 

Sinking back into his seat Tim let his eyes move over her only to notice her little pert nipples pressing through her thin bra and shirt. It was unprofessional he knew but he couldn't help but be slightly pleased with her reaction. "It's important that you learn to enjoy yourself alone before you try and enjoy yourself with others. You mentioned you got with your boyfriend in your early teens." 

"Yeah, we lost it to each other when I was eighteen." Parker nodded. "I didn't really... explore myself before that." 

Tim smiled at her and nodded slowly. "So you've never really gotten to know yourself on your own terms... just in the way that you can please other people with your body. I think that might be part of the block to use your terms." 

"Maybe." Parker smiled softly, licking her lips quickly as she shifted on the sofa once more, feeling her wetness starting to soak her underwear. 

"Also, lots of women can't orgasm from penetration and need clitoral stimulation but then some women need both so just really try and explore yourself and see what works for you. Take time with your body and just allow yourself to explore. You will surprise yourself with how many erogenous points are on your body." 

Parker nodded quickly at that, her mind wandering as she imagined this man exploring her body for her and she couldn't stop the goose pimples raising on her body at the thought of his hands moving over her body. Parker was not the type of girl who randomly wanted a man but hearing him talk like this had aroused her in a way that no man had ever done before. It was completely inappropriate the thoughts she was having and yet she couldn't stop herself. 

When Parker didn't respond Tim rose an eyebrow at her. "Parker – are you okay? Is this making sense or is it a bit too much? I don't want to make you uncomfortable." 

"I'm not uncomfortable." Parker said quickly, swallowing thickly as she felt her insides burning up. "I – I just worry that I'll feel too uncomfortable to do it myself." Parker murmured quietly, her eyes moving over his body, admiring his lean and toned physique through his suit. "I've always learned better through... through hands on experience." 

Tim blinked at that, seeing the way she was eyeing him and he wasn't sure whether he was reading the signals correctly. On the one hand he fantasised about his female patients all the time and his receptionist and most other women he came across who were attractive but never did they actually act out his fantasies in real life. "Well, that is understandable, everybody needs some direction at times." Tim murmured.

"How much time do we have left in our session?" Parker asked softly. 

"Half hour? Roughly? I don't have an appointment after this." Tim replied, his heart starting to race though he scolded himself to not get too excited for something that most likely would never happen. 

Parker nodded and her lips fell into a pout as she sat in thought before nodding. "Will – would you – be interested in maybe showing me?" Parker asked hesitantly, terrified she was about to get thrown out of his office. "In a professional sense of course." she added hastily. 

Tim's jaw could have been on the floor at this point but he kept a straight face, nodding slowly. "Of course. I – undress. To your level of comfort." Tim murmured as he got up from his chair and moved to the other side of his office with his back to her, unsure of how this would go but thrilled that it was, his cock already starting to harden inside his trousers. 

Watching him move away Parker undid her blouse a button at a time, draping It over the back of the armchair only to stand and unzip her tight pencil skirt, letting it slip slowly down her legs and pool at the floor. Biting into her lip she reached back, running her fingers over the lace of her bra only to pause and decide to leave it on, the delicate material still encasing her small, pert little breasts. Sinking back down onto the chair she went to take her heels off but then decided last minute to keep them on, something about being mostly naked but with some high heels on making her feel sexier. "I'm ready." she called out. 

Walking back over Tim was shocked at just how sexy she looked there. Stretched out across the deep arm chair with just a few pieces of lace shielding her body he felt like he wanted to devour her. Sinking down onto his knees in front of her he reached up, carefully letting her blonde hair out of the bun so it dropped around her shoulders. "You're a very beautiful woman." Tim admitted, his fingertips sliding over her ankle slowly and moving up over the inside of her calf and to her inner thigh. "If you want me to stop at any time... say so. Okay?" 

Parker shivered at that delicate touch, her eyes briefly closing for a moment as she nodded quickly. "I don't think I will but – okay," she said with a soft smile, her insides clenching with desire as she parted her legs for him a little more. 

Tim nodded and with his other hand ran it over her prominent hip bones, his rough fingertips moving over her hip only to grip it and pull her a little closer to the edge of the seat. As he got closer to her panties he gently started to rub her through them, surprised by how wet they were considering what she had said previously. Kissing along the edge of her panties he felt her shiver beneath him and smiled to himself as he slipped his fingers beneath the thin material and dragged his fingers over her labia, collecting her wetness on his fingers and tracing around her clit lazily. 

Parker shivered with every touch, feeling as if her whole body was on fire. While she had known in theory the body was full of nerve ending she had never really felt them before but in that moment with one hand pleasuring her pussy and the other wandering over her body she really felt each one. "That feels so good," she whispered softly as she let out a soft breath. Feeling more comfortable she reached behind herself and unhooked her bra, sliding the delicate straps from around her shoulders and dropping it onto the floor. 

Peering up when he saw her moving he watched as she unveiled her creamy tits, her nipples the palest shade of pink and he felt desire grip him as his eight and a half inch cut cock strained against the tight confined of his trousers. Sliding his fingers over her pussy he pushed two fingers inside her and started to rock them slow and steady inside her, his thumb raising to keep rubbing her clit as he kissed a slow trail from the trim of her panties up over the centre of her stomach until he was able to start kissing and sucking on her breasts. Breathing in the heady scent of the room combined with her sweet perfume he knew he wanted to fuck this woman. He wanted to take her and show her what sex could be like, something that was good even when it was quick and was amazing when it lasted all night. 
