 It was Saturday night and my husband and I were obligated to attend a cocktail party given by one of his clients. My husband, Brian, is a prominent real estate attorney. His firm represents a huge property developer. The cocktail party was a celebration of a very profitable deal that had finally closed for them. As I pulled my black silk sheath over my head, I resigned myself to boring conversation and a long evening. As I zipped my dress, I glanced at myself in the mirror over the sink. The black silk glided over my body, sculpting itself to every curve. I'm not thin by any means. What I am is curvy, from my 42C breasts down over my hips to my ass. The sheath barely hung to mid-thigh. Slipping my feet into my three-inch black heels, I felt like I was definitely dressing for my own pleasure and not for the party. 

As I fastened my sterling silver choker around my neck, Brian walked in and stopped. His smile was instant. Neither of us really wanted to go to this party but it wasn't exactly optional. Brian walked up behind me, his hands grabbing my hips and pulling me back against him. He was already semi-erect. As he pressed his hips into my ass, I felt his cock rising and getting harder in his suit. His right hand moved down and across my stomach, slowing inching it's way to the dip between my thighs. As his fingers pulled my dress up slowly, I leaned my head back against his shoulder. Brian's left hand moved down and slid between my thighs. As the tip of his fingers touched the top of my slit, I closed my eyes and bit my lower lip.

"No panties yet. And so wet." Brian was whispering against my ear as his fingers dipped lower between my legs. Using just the tips of his fingers, he rubbed my pussy gently, giving me just enough pressure so I could feel him. As his fingers moved up and down my lips, his thumb pressed lightly against my clit, which was already hardening. He flattened his hand slightly, his cufflink cutting into my skin just above my pussy. I hardly felt it. His fingers pushed inside my lips, his thumb applied more pressure to my clit. In slow circles, he rotated his thumb over my clit. I moaned and arched. His hand holding my dress up wrapped itself around my waist pressing me to him. His fingers moved in faster circles. Just as I felt an orgasm start, Brian stopped all movement. I moaned, begging him to move his fingers.

Slowly, Brian flexed his wrist, moving his fingers up and down my pussy. As he kissed my neck, he slid his middle finger inside my pussy and withdrew it slowly. Four more times he inserted and withdrew his finger. On the fifth insertion, he pushed two fingers inside me. "Rub your clit. Touch yourself while I fuck you." His voice was low against my ear. Following his instructions, I slid my hand down between my legs. As Brian stroked my pussy, fucking me slowly with his two fingers, I pressed my fingers to my clit and rubbed frantically. My fingers hummed over my hard nub. Brian's fingers stroked faster and faster, diving deeper and deeper into my tunnel. I was moaning, writhing against him. His cock was hard against me but still tucked safely in his pants. "Cum, baby. Cum for me." He whispered it over and over again in my ear. As his fingers rammed inside me, I broke. My orgasm ripped through me. I came so hard cum spurted from me, drenching his hand. His fingers slowed and then finally withdrew completely. 

Leaning back against him, I sighed and Brian whispered in my ear, "You better finish getting dressed. We don't want to be late. And wear panties. Lace panties." 

As he walked away, I suddenly felt abandoned. Leaning forward, I braced my hands on the vanity counter. My pussy was still tingling, light pulses singing through me. My legs felt weak, my head even weaker. When I was finally able to move, I went to my dresser and pulled out a pair of white lace panties. Slipping my legs into them, I pulled them snug against my mound and knew instantly they were destined to be wet for the rest of the night.

As I finished dressing, I realized my body had never stopped humming from my orgasm. I thought about Brian standing behind me, rubbing his cock against me, and I felt myself shiver all over again. I didn't want this party. I wanted to stay home and fuck my husband until neither of us could walk again. Sighing at the inevitability of my situation, I grabbed my little black purse and headed out to Brian. He was standing near the door, holding my coat in his hands. As he helped me into it, I felt his hands slide ever so slightly against the sides of my breasts. "I want you so much right now. I want to bury my cock in you until you can't help but scream." His whisper sent more shivers through my already sensitive body. Blindly I followed him to the car and let him help me in. I don't even remember the trip to the party.

Holding a glass of wine in one hand and holding onto Brian's arm with the other, I let Brian lead me from group to group making small talk. I didn't hear anything that was said. My mind kept flashing back to Brian's fingers on my clit, drilling inside me. When I shivered, Brian asked if I was cold. I shook my head and sipped my wine. "Don't worry, baby, I'll be buried inside you soon." He was teasing me, whispering softly in my ear so only I could hear him. I felt my body blush from head to toe. He whispered again, "This time I'll have my cock pressed to the hilt inside you while I rub your clit with my fingers. You'll like that, baby. You'll like me fucking you."

Near sexual hysteria, I sipped more wine. My body was on fire. I felt as if my juices were leaking down my legs, leaving wet stains in my stockings. After an hour, Brian took my hand and guided me down a hallway. He looked over his shoulder and then opened a door and pushed me through. It was dark and I couldn't see where we were. It didn't matter. In the next minute, Brian was on his knees in front of me, my dress pushed up around my waist. When Brian's tongue lashed out at my white lace covered pussy, I nearly screamed in orgasm. Grabbing hold of his shoulders, I flexed my fingers, digging my nails into his suit jacket. Brian's tongue was pushing my panties against my clit. His tongue wasn't actually touching me but I could feel the heat from his breath. His fingers dug into my waist as his tongue pushed my panties against me, rubbing my already sensitive sex. When Brian used his teeth to gently bite my clit, I groaned and felt my body break. My orgasm was intense and long. 

Not saying a word, Brian rose to his feet, letting my dress fall back down. Grabbing my hand, he led me from the room and back to the party. I was in sexual shock. He'd never even touched my skin and I'd had an orgasm like never before. I was close to falling apart. I wanted his cock. For all the orgasms I'd had, I still wanted to have his cock buried inside me. And all he was doing was torturing me. 

As the party continued, I met and greeted his boss, his clients, their wives. All I could see in my mind was Brian's cock stroking in and out of my pussy. I felt like a cat in heat. I don't know how I got through the night. As Brian led me from the party, we were almost to the car when he pulled me towards the garage. His hand held mine tight as he pulled me through the door. The garage was lit with lights from the outside. His boss's Jag was sitting in the middle of the floor. I looked up at Brian. His mouth broke into a grin as he pushed me back against the hood of the Jag. 

"Brian. Brian, we can't.... we..... can't...."

My words broke on a moan as Brian's hands lifted my dress again. His hands skimmed over my thighs as his fingers reached up and grabbed hold of my panties. With one tug, my white lace panties were hanging from Brian's fingers. My eyes followed my panties as Brian dropped them to the floor. Before I could try to sway Brian away from this idea, Brian's hands grabbed my waist and lifted me up on the hood of the Jag. The coolness of the hood was a direct contrast to the heat my body was putting off. 

"Brian, really, this isn't a good idea. Let's go home and we can.... Ohhhh..."

If Brian's boss had walked in at that moment, he'd have seen me laying back on the hood of his silver Jag, my arms holding me up, my legs in the air over Brian's shoulders, Brian's head between my legs. I moaned as the tip of Brian's tongue dove into my pussy, parting my lips and licking me slowly. Tipping my head back, I gave in to the sensations rippling through me. Brian's hands held my ass, shifting me up so he could get a better angle on my cunt. I was moaning, writhing on the hood of the Jag, not caring who heard me.

As Brian's tongue stroked my clit, his left hand moved around my hip. His fingers stroked over me as his tongue moved down my pussy. My clit was being tortured. His fingers moved rapidly over me. Lifting his head, Brian looked at me. His eyes were as glazed as mine must have been by now. His mouth was wet, his chin shiny. "Cum for me baby. Cum for me again and then I promise I'll fuck you senseless."

Well, with that for encouragement, how could I hold back. Brian lowered his mouth to my succulent cunt again and as his mouth covered my lips, I broke into another huge orgasm. I swear I must have put a dent in the hood of the Jag as I pumped my hips up and down, pushing my pussy against Brian's tongue. 

Before I could catch my breath, Brian was pulling me closer to the edge of the hood. I heard Brian's zipper and then I felt the tip of his cock being pushed with one stroke inside me. Brian lifted my legs straight up, holding them together, as he plowed his cock deep inside my pussy. This is what I had wanted all night. This was what I had craved. Brian's cock was hard and thick, pulsing inside me as he plunged over and over again deep in my pussy. Brian reached up with one hand and pulled the neckline of my dress down. Grabbing the edge of my bra, Brian pulled it down, releasing my breast. His fingers twisted my nipple as he pulled. I moaned and arched up.

"Fuck me! Fuck my pussy! Ohhhh yessss!"

I was begging Brian to fuck me harder. Brian grunted and then pulled out of me. Grabbing my shoulders, Brian pulled me off of the hood, turned me around and pushed me over. Bracing my hands on the hood of the Jag, I parted my legs, waiting for Brian. Putting one hand under my right leg, Brian planted my foot on the bumper of the Jag, effectively opening my legs even wider for him. Biting down on my bottom lip, I closed my eyes as Brian stepped toward me again. With one quick stroke, Brian slammed his cock deep inside my pussy again. I moaned and pushed back against him. Brian pistoned his hips over and over again, driving his cock harder and harder into me. I felt another orgasm rip through me. Brian grabbed my ass, holding on tight as he rammed his cock into me again and again. With a grunt, Brian clenched his hands on my ass as his own orgasm broke. Brian's cum filled me, his cream running down my legs as he pulled out. Wrapping his hands in my hair, Brian pulled my head back to him. His mouth found mine and he kissed me hard, his tongue pushing through my lips. 

As he adjusted his clothing and I pulled my dress back down, fitting my breast back into place, I looked back at the Jag. Finger prints gleamed over the top coat. Brian grabbed my hand and led me back our car out front. As we drove home, I felt tingly and ready for me. At home, as Brian slowed stripped me naked to take me to bed again, I remembered where we had left my white lace panties. Laying on the garage floor next to the front wheel of the Jag. His boss was definitely in for a surprise.