 The rustling of the shower curtain startled me out of my concentration. 

"I thought I'd surprise you, I didn't realize I would be interrupting," Lexi said as she peeked around the curtain, her gaze shooting immediately to my hard cock. I let go of myself, feeling a flush rise to my cheeks.

"I'm sorry," I began. "I didn't—"

"Shhh," she hushed gently. She stepped in next to me, just out of reach of the warm spray of the shower. I felt my cock bounce at the sight of her, naked and perfect, her breasts already flecked with droplets of water. Her legs and pussy, perfectly shaven from the night before, made me salivate. "I thought we'd talked about this," she said. She stepped innocently closer to me, into the water, touching her flat tummy up against my aching cock. I gasped, and she pressed herself close to me, letting water wet her hair. The feel of her naked body was heavenly. "You were supposed to be trying to masturbate less."

"I'm sorry," I said again.

"It's okay, darling, I know it must be hard." She rubbed against me to emphasize her pun, and smiled lovingly at my gasp of pleasure. "We can talk about it tonight."

"Okay," I muttered. 

"Think you can make it until then?" she asked. "You could always stay home from work...if you think you need me to keep a closer eye on you." She smiled wickedly.

"No," I answered, despite the throbbing in my cock. "No, I can make it."

"Good boy," she whispered. "Wash me? I thought this would be a nice way to start your week."

"I love you so much," I told her, reaching around to grab the soap. I kissed her as I reached behind her to scrub her back, relishing in the feel of her flawless skin. The arch of her lower back and the feel of her perfect ass combined drove me insane with lust, as she knew it would.

"I love you too, darling," she answered between kisses. She grinded her tummy against my cock again. 

"You're not mad?" I asked her, embarrassed. 

"Of course not," she said softly. "We'll talk about it tonight. Can't take too long here, I don't want to make you late for work." She turned on the spot, nestling her ass against my raging erection, and held my hands up so I could soap her breasts. I gasped again at the combined feelings, positive that I would cum on the spot. I heard her giggle again, and I proceeded to wash her tummy and then the folds of her pussy. She moaned softly, and turned to kiss me again when I was finished. "I'll finish up on my own, baby," she said. "Don't be late!" 

"I could just stay home," I suggested. "I could call in sick."

"You'll get much more of this tonight," she promised. "But only if you can keep your hands of your cock until you get home. Will you do that for me?" I nodded, and she smiled again. 

"Love you," I whispered as I stepped out of the shower. 

"Love you too."

***

My day at work was nearly unbearable. I worked a boring office job, writing emails and filling out forms from nine until five every day. I had a few work friends who sat in the cubicles around mine, but today I tried to avoid talking to them as much as I could, for fear that they would somehow notice the erection straining against my pants. All day long, every small movement sent a jolt of pleasure straight through me, and more than once I found my fingers absentmindedly rubbing my cock through my jeans. I couldn't stop thinking about what Lexi would say tonight. Her reaction that morning had been far more wonderful than I could have hoped for. My amazing girlfriend and I have frequent sex and have indulged many of each other's fantasies, but lately the topic of my masturbation schedule had come up more than once. Lexi knew that I masturbated, like all healthy guys did, but until she had moved in a few weeks ago I don't think she had realized how much I did it. Thankfully, rather than be mad or disgusted she had simply suggested that I try to restrain myself, so that I could save all of my pleasure for my time with her. Considering how often the two of us fooled around it was hardly an unreasonable request, but of course I had found it difficult to comply. Especially living with such a gorgeous girlfriend, it had been nearly impossible. Everything she did drove me crazy, and she always looked amazing. Lexi worked from home, and so was always waiting for me after work, often with a sexy surprise and never in a dull mood. Even the evenings when we didn't fool around she looked so incredible that it made me crave release, and despite my efforts I had found myself jacking off in the bathroom while she fell asleep twice in the last week alone.

By the time I left work for the day, I was dying for an orgasm. I hoped that Lexi would be up for sex tonight, because the last thing I wanted to do was jack off behind her back again. Wild thoughts raced through my head all the way home, and I practically ran to the door of our house. Memories of finding her waiting for me at the door in lingerie, or waiting on her knees to greet me with a surprise blowjob, inundated my senses. Yet when I opened the door she was nowhere to be seen. Shaking off my slight disappointment, I ventured into the kitchen.

"In here, darling!" I heard her call from her office. I put away some things in a hurry, and rushed down the hall to the room just next to ours where she had made her home office. A computer sat at a desk beside a window large enough to light up the whole room, and Lexi sat at her chair, wearing a white blouse and a skirt that showed off enough leg to make my knees weak. "How was your day?" she asked as I entered the room. She stood to give me a hug, and purposefully pressed up against my bulge. She smiled sweetly. 

"It was fine," I told her nervously. "I couldn't wait to come home to you."

"I bet," she giggled. "I thought we'd just order something for dinner tonight, is that alright?"

"Of course. How about you, how was your day?"

"Good," she smiled. "My assignments didn't take long...I did some shopping online." The wicked glint in her eye told me she wasn't shopping for books. I took a shaking breath.

"About earlier, baby—"

"Not yet," she said. "I thought all day about what I think she should do about this little problem. But I want to wait until later to talk about it. Alright?"

"Alight," I agreed nervously.

"I promise, you'll like it," she assured me. "Where do you want to get food from?"

We ate together happily, talking about the things that we had done all day, the people we had talked to or the interesting thing we had heard. She had more to say on the matter than I did, and she had cleverly and with much giggling guessed that I had been preoccupied at work all day. After dinner we walked around our neighborhood and watched some TV, all in complete innocence. At ten o'clock she ushered me into the bedroom, and after we had both prepared for bed she closed the door and fixed me with a smoldering gaze. She turned down the lights, and cast the room into a sultry red hue. My heart quickened. 

"I want you naked for me," she said softly. I undressed quickly, and she gestured for me to sit on the edge of the bed.

"I know it's hard for you not to touch yourself, darling," she began, stepping closer to me as she began to unbutton her blouse. "And I promise I'm not mad about this morning. But I still want to try to help you control yourself, and today I spend a long time thinking about how I could do that."

My cock bounced, and she bit her lip as she looked down at it. She cast her blouse aside, and slipped out of her skirt. I pleaded silently as I watched her bra and panties follow, falling to the ground in an erotic rain. I reached for her, but she brushed my hands aside. I couldn't look away from her breasts; even after how long we'd been together, the sight of her still drove me wild. 

"You do want to save yourself for me, don't you baby?" she asked, swaying her hips seductively. I nodded.

"Of course I do, baby."

"You want every drop of your cum to be for me?"

"Yes. Oh my god, yes."

"Well," she leaned in and kissed me lightly. "I think, then, that I just need to try to be more controlling of your orgasms. I want to help you learn to control your urges, baby. I know it must be hard to control yourself when you're so horny all the time and I give you so many opportunities to be a bad boy. But I think I could try to be better for you. Would you like that?"

"Yes," I whispered dryly. I wanted her body so badly. I thought my cock might burst.

"Alright," she smiled. "I thought you'd like the idea. I ordered a few things online today that might help us with that; they should be here tomorrow. Until then..." she pushed me over gently and straddled me. My cock brushed against her ass as I gasped. "I've thought of a few rules to help us."

"Okay."

"Rule number one. You're not allowed to cum without my permission. I know you've been trying not to anyways, but I just wanted to make it official; I thought it might help motivate you." She smiled and kissed me again. "I'll help you, of course, like I said. We'll both have to work really hard to help you follow this rule. Agreed?"

"Yes." I was lost in pleasure, the minimal sensation against just the tip of my cock driving me out of my mind. I ran my hands all up her back, losing myself in the feeling.

"Rule number two. You're also not allowed to masturbate without my permission, or my supervision. I'll let you masturbate for me sometimes, I think, but I want it to become something you do only in front of me. Okay?"

"Okay." She kissed me a third time and arched her back, applying more pressure to my cock as she pushed her pussy against me.

"Rule number three, baby," she whispered, "your cum belongs to me. No more cumming in tissues and flushing them away; every time you ejaculate it will be on my body."

I shivered at her words.

"And...well, this isn't a rule as much, and this is more for me...but I'll deny myself, too, for you. If you'll be going long periods without an orgasm then I want it to be something we can do together. I mean, I won't go as long...I'm not the one who's trying to learn self-control." She giggled.

"How...how long will I have to go?" I asked nervously. I was already anxiously anticipating the end of this conversation, and wasn't sure at all how much longer I would be able to go without an orgasm.

"Not too long, baby. I love making you cum. And I don't want our sex lives to be any less. Just long enough for you to learn to deal with denial. If it ever gets to be too much for you, our safe word will be white raven. If you can last without using it, I'm going to give you the most amazing orgasm you've ever had. But if you do need to use it we can stop right away. Does that sound fair to you?"

"Yeah," I breathed.

"Good, I'm glad. Until the new things get here tomorrow, we'll have to be extra careful not to let you cum. Do you promise to help me help you, baby?"

"Yes, baby. I want to control myself. Anything for you." I was desperate for release, but was trying to resign myself. A mix of emotions welled within me. Desperation, disappointment, lust...but most of all, love. "I love you, Lexi," I told her. I had somehow never felt as close to her as I did right now.

"I love you too," she said. "Tonight will be a hard one, baby. I know you're going crazy, and I know you'll want to sneak off to the bathroom to touch yourself. But if we're going to do this, I want you to promise me that you won't."

"I promise," I told her. 

"If your cock isn't this hard in the morning I'll know you've cheated," she said seriously, touching my cock lightly. I moaned. "And if you cheat, we might have to think of a less fun way to deal with this situation. If you want to stop, use the safe word."

"I'll be good," I promised.

"Good. No clothes for either of us tonight, darling." She moved off from on top of me, and gestured for me to stand. She pulled back the bedcovers and slid inside; I joined her eagerly, wrapping myself in the heavenly feeling of her body once more. My cock was lodged firmly between her ass cheeks, and I groaned, squeezing her breast. "I know, baby," she said sympathetically. "I want it too." She clicked the light, and the red went out, leaving us in the dark. "I love you," she whispered one last time. 

"I love you." 

Somehow, after a long time I managed to fall asleep. My cock nestled against her was almost painfully erect, but I grew accustomed to the feeling and dozed off, rhythmically inhaling the beautiful scent of her hair.

I awoke with a jolt of pleasure in the middle of the night, blind in the dark. Lexi had rolled to face me and was holding me in her arms. By the faint light of the night sky streaming through our bedroom window I could see her eyes, staring at me in the dark. 

"What is it?" I asked. I wanted to fuck her so badly. 

"You were humping my ass in your sleep," she said quietly. 

"I'm sorry," I said tiredly. I could feel a tear beginning to form in my eye. I longed for her, and I could taste the words white raven on my tongue. 

"Is this too much already?" she asked. 

"No," I heard myself say. "I want to do it for you."

She took my cock gently in her hand, and hugged me tightly, tenderly cradling me through the torturous pleasure. "Such a good boy," she whispered in my ear. "Tomorrow night will be easier, I promise."

***

The next morning, I awoke with an aching cock once more. Lexi and I showered together again, and by the end there was precum dripping from my cock. However, I managed not to use my safeword, and she smiled angelically as she kissed me goodbye for work.

Tuesday at the office went drearily, and the hours crawled by. So many times I thought about rushing to the bathroom, and it was only her text at lunch that kept me going through the day.

-You're doing so well, baby. Love you, and can't wait for tonight.

Her words made my heart flutter. I prayed that tonight she would let me cum, but I knew that it was unlikely. I sped home at the end of the day, and pulled her into a deep kiss as soon as I saw her. 

"The things I ordered arrived today," she told me. "Dinner first, then we can play. Think you can make it that long?"

"Yeah. Yeah I think I can do it."

"Good boy," she smiled. 

Dinner was quick, and I got the feeling she wanted to get upstairs just as much as I did. When we finally hurried to our bedroom, the sun was still up, but neither of us cared. 

"Naked," she ordered shortly, kissing me again. I undressed and waited. "Hands behind your back," she said, moving my hands gently to where she wanted them. "I don't want you being tempted." My cock throbbed, begging for attention. Lexi moved to the closet, and pulled out a small box. I couldn't see what was pictured on the front, and she put the box on her dresser next to the bed before I could get a good look. "Lie down, baby, and close your eyes," she ordered. I complied eagerly, and felt the mattress dip as she sat at the foot of the bed. There was some rustling, the clinking of metal, and then something cold around my right ankle. My eyes snapped open, and I saw Lexi securing a leather cuff around my ankle. A cord stretched from the cuff over the edge of the bed, and it occurred to me that the other end was attached to the leg of the bed. She had prepared this all while I was at work. 

"Keep your eyes closed, darling," she reminded me. I complied again, and soon felt another cuff being secured around my other ankle. "This is the first thing I bought," she explained as she moved up to my arms. Gently taking my hands, she secured another cuff to each of my wrists. I was spread-eagled and trapped, at the mercy. She leaned in to kiss me, and I sucked at her tongue greedily. "I thought this might make controlling yourself easier, when we're fooling around," she said. "Do you like it?"

Something told me that I would like the restraints a lot less once she started touching me in full, but I loved the feeling of helplessness. "I do," I nodded. "Please, baby, please touch me."

"I'm not done explaining the game to you yet," she whispered. "I also bought this." She reached over to her dresser, and brought the smaller box into view. I felt a rush in my chest as I saw the picture on the front. I knew what it was, but we had never discussed it together and I had never dreamed that she would buy one.

"This is a chastity cage," she explained sweetly. My mouth was dry. "After we've had some fun, I'm going to put it over your cock, and it will help you keep from masturbating without permission." She smiled wickedly at the expression on my face. "I got the idea a while ago, after seeing something like this in your internet search history."

I blushed, and tried to look away, but she put a hand on my cheek and held my gaze. "It's alright, darling. I know you watch porn. I just wish you could have told me about this little fantasy of yours."

"I didn't...I didn't want to weird you out," I said quietly.

"Weird me out?" she asked. "I love it!" She kissed me again, and stood to undress. "Do you like this surprise too, baby?"

"Oh my god yes." 

She smiled, placing the cage on the dresser again with a dull clink. "I thought about getting one for myself," she explained, and she slid out of her panties, "but the female ones look a lot less discreet. And like I said yesterday, it's not like I'm the one who's trying to learn self-control." I drank in the sight of her again as she lay down next to me once more. "I wish I could cum for you, baby," she said. "I've been so horny, planning all this. But if you're not going to cum tonight I don't think it's fair that I do."

"It's alright," I said. My cock twitched at hearing that it wouldn't be getting to cum tonight, either. "Please, Lexi, please let me make you cum. I want to so badly."

"You're so perfect," she sighed, running her fingers all the way down my chest. "Here you are, helpless, about to be teased for a very long time, and getting locked in a chastity cage later without getting to cum, and yet you want to make me feel good?"

"So bad," I urged her. Her words were lighting a fire in my mind and in my balls; I had never been so turned on in my life as I was now, looking forward to what torture she had in store for me. 

"Maybe another day," she promised me. "I love you."

"I love you."

"Ready?"

"Yes."

She slid down to the bottom of the bed, and lay down between my legs. Her feet in the air, and her ass in perfect view. I groaned at the sight, and she smiled as she began to run her fingers all over my legs and my stomach, circling around and around by throbbing cock. A jolt of pleasure rocked through me as her fingertips dragged lightly across my balls, and I gasped. 

"Please, baby," I begged. She continued her ministrations a minute longer, teasing my balls and giggling as my cock bounced for her. And then I was plunged into mindless pleasure as she took my cock in her mouth. She went slowly, kissing all along the base at first, but then her lips engulfed me, and she ever so slowly slid her throat over my entire length. The warmth of her mouth was overwhelming, and I could feel cum churning in my balls.

White raven, I thought desperately. White raven, white raven. But the thought of the chastity cage waiting for me on the dresser was too much. I wanted this so badly; to belong completely to her, and for all of my pleasure to be in her absolute control.

She sucked me a while longer, bobbing up and down happily and flicking the head of my cock with her skilled tongue. I moaned in pleasure, struggling in futility against my bonds. At length, she looked up, and met eyes with me. Climbing on top of me once more, she moved up the bed sensually, allowing my cock to slide between her breasts on her way to me. She stopped with her face inches from mine, with her gorgeous tummy hovering above my aching dick.
