 I smiled back, of course, then looked at you with wide, questioning eyes. “I want to give you something nice,” you said, then held your hand out toward Ruby.

I watched Ruby walk across the room toward us. Her hair was a deep red, and I wondered if she dyed it to match her name, or if she’d taken on the name to match the hair. She joined you in front of me, reaching for my hand. I gave her the same one that had just been between your legs, and she sucked the fingers into her mouth.

“You are very good to me,” you said. “You love me enough to bring me cocks to fuck my pussy, and you love me even more after every one. I promised you I would bring you pussies to play with. I want you to have fun.”

I stood, looked deep into your eyes, and said, “I love you.” You smiled at me, and I kissed you deeply before turning my attention to Ruby. 

Her shirt was almost fully buttoned, so I started there, working my way down, trying not to rush. I wanted to savor every moment. With the last button undone, I pulled the shirt off of her shoulders, and it dropped to the floor. 

She wasn’t beautiful, but the overall package was very nice. Hazel eyes greeted me from beneath that fiery mane of hair. Her face showed lines that indicated a lot of smiling, and her pearly whites were evident as I began to look her over. She appeared to enjoy being ogled. 

Ruby had the body of a woman who had been naturally skinny all her life. I judged her to be in her mid-40’s, and could see enough muscle definition to indicate that she gets her exercise. Her breasts were small, but she had long, hard nipples that I was immediately eager to taste.

The carpet matched the drapes and was nicely trimmed, and her long, skinny legs bore enough muscle to make a guy want to watch her walk. I spun her slowly around to see the back. With her build, I didn’t expect to see much ass, but she had two nicely toned cheeks, just begging to be slapped.

I reached one arm around her and pulled her backside to me, pressing my full erection between those buns, and reached down to her pussy. Ruby spread her legs a bit, I found her wetness with my fingertips, and she reached backwards, grabbing my ass with both hands, encouraging me.

As I played with her, I pulled you in, too, and we made out. You had no way to know it, but my tongue moved in and out of your mouth in concert with the fingers in Ruby’s pussy. My cock began to ache, and I knew already that I was going to blast a big load that night, but I didn’t want to do it right away. 

I wanted this to last, so I disengaged from both of you, then led you to the bedroom. We climbed onto the bed, and I put Ruby on her back and spread her legs. I wanted to taste her. You lay next to us with your head propped up on one hand, close at Ruby’s hip, where you would have a good view of the action. 

I first just knelt between her legs, admiring the scene, and taking the time to appreciate what was about to happen; my girlfriend had shown that she loved and trusted me enough to bring another woman to share our bed. Now, I was about to enjoy one of the best nights of sex in my life.

Both of you smiled up at me. Ruby had wasted no time finding your pussy with her hand. You lifted your top leg to give her access, and she was already busy playing. As I watched, she pushed two fingers deep inside. You moaned in pleasure as your own hand squeezed your breasts.

Now I looked Ruby over. Her skin was beautiful, and very white, contrasting sharply with everything else. Laying on her back, her chest was all but flat, but those nipples stood like twin towers. I reached for them with both hands, and gently pulled and twisted.

“Harder,” Ruby moaned, closing her eyes. I complied, and she repeated herself, with more urgency in her voice. “Harder!” I was soon pulling her buds to more than two inches in length, with the skin of her breasts stretching upwards, as well. If I’d had the strength, she might have had me hang her from them.

You were watching my hands, and unconsciously pulling at one of your own nipples. When I suddenly released Ruby’s tits, you blinked your eyes, as if you had just been release from a trance.

Then I watched you reach out, grab the closest of Ruby’s nipples, and pull viciously. She immediately began to cum, her back arching in spasm, until you released her, when she collapsed, twitching. You looked up innocently at me, then smiled like a little girl enjoying an ice cream cone, before going back to playing with your own breasts.

Now I reached between Ruby’s legs. She jumped when I made contact, and continued to do so as I rubbed her little man in the boat. Ruby’s clitoris did a fair job of emulating her nipples, protruding strongly for its size, and the hood fell away of its own accord. Starting slowly, I tickled and tapped, flicked and rubbed her clit. She was already worked up, so her next orgasm was easy to reach when I gave it more concerted attention.

She shook hard as we watched. I didn’t wait for the spasms to dissipate fully before pushing two fingers deep inside, reigniting her fire. She was making guttural noises now, and I quickly moved into a hard in-and-out motion, banging the knuckles at the base of my fingers hard against her pelvic bone, just below her clit, and twisting my fingers back and forth, as well. 

It was hard to tell if she had multiple orgasms, or just one protracted one, but I made sure she got her cardio for the day, keeping her body shaking and jerking and bouncing on the bed. Eventually, I slowed it all down and extracted my fingers. I could feel her pussy still contracting around them as I did. Ruby was breathing hard.

You were watching, of course, and reached for my hand, then sucked my fingers, holding them in your mouth. Your eyes closed as you did so, and I watched your face as you concentrated. Your own fingers were busy at your crotch, having replaced Ruby’s. Your breathing accelerated, and I felt -- more than heard -- your moan as your spasms struck. 

In the time it took for your orgasm to subside, Ruby was able to regain her composure, and had moved to a kneeling position next to me, beginning to run her hands over my body. 

The ache in my cock was back. I looked down to see it oozing precum. Ruby saw it, too, and touched a fingertip to the hole. Several inches of sticky liquid stretched upwards as she brought it to her mouth, licking it clean while looking me in the eye.

I smiled, and she went back for more, this time bringing it to MY mouth. A moment later, we were kissing deeply, and her hand was squeezing my dick. I pushed her head down, and leaned back.

That feeling of warm, soft wetness a man experiences in the first moments of a blowjob is incredible, and I closed my eyes in concentration. Ruby slowly took my cock into her mouth with a motion that felt like her lips were pulling it in. I could feel her tongue wrapping around my shaft, like a warm blanket on a cool evening.

Down she went, without stopping, until I felt her lips at the base of my cock. Wow! Then she started moving her tongue, pushing it forward and back, almost like a swallowing motion, and it felt as if I was fucking her face, but without moving. 

I never felt anything like it before, and started groaning immediately. In no time, the pressure began to build, and I had to make her stop. I pulled at her shoulder, but she resisted. I didn’t want to cum, yet, and in a desperate measure, I yanked her head up by the hair.

She came up smiling. Our eyes locked, and a message was silently passed between us: Ruby likes it rough.