 My friend, the pastor asked me to help out arranging for a meeting in the local church. When I arrived there was a wedding crowd entering the church so I went in the side entrance and into the meeting room that was behind and to the side of the altar. There was a bride a dressed in white satin flowing dress, who was looking rather nervous. She was rubbing her shoulder as she turned to me. She was waiting for the maid of honor to arrive, to help her out of a problem with her bra, which had broken a clasp. She couldn't reach it with her sore arm.

I jokingly asked if I could help. She smiled, shrugged and asked if I could unzip her white satin dress down far enough to access her white silk bra, then maybe she could do something with it. I unzipped her dress down to a little below the waist. She still could not get at the bra as she wore a white silk slip. She let her dress fall off her shoulders and I pushed the straps of her white silk slip off her shoulders. I saw that one of two clasps on her bra had come apart. I found a safety pin on one of the table curtains and with much fussing managed to attach her bra back together, even though my hands were shaking like a leaf. I pulled her slip straps back onto her shoulders and her dress as well. Then I zipped her white satin dress up, again with shaking hands.

She turned and gave me the biggest smile and then kissed me full on the lips. I couldn't hold back as my arms circled her, and my tongue went into her opening mouth. We kissed long and hard as my hands explored all over her silk and satin covered buttocks. Her hips started to sway and I felt her pelvis move against my stiffening erection. She started to moan through our two exploring tongues, her firm silk clad breasts boring into my heaving chest. Just as I thought we were going to go all the way we heard a light wrap on the door and broke apart instantly. Her maid of honor dressed in a pale blue satin low cut gown came back took one look and could see what had been going on. She was almost an identical match to the bride, her sister maybe? She gave me a tentative smile and took the bride aside. They whispered to each other for a few minutes and the bride turned back to me and her maid of honour went back into the church, but took a good long look at me before closing the door.

The bride came into my arms again. Apparently the groom had a problem with transportation and would be delayed by at least half an hour. We started to kiss again, only this time she was the one to push her tongue into my mouth. Her hands went up and down my backside clutching my ass as they went, and pulling my pelvis against hers. She pulled away slightly as her hands undid my pants and pulled my swollen member form my shorts. She fondled it and rubbed her satin dress all over it. I groaned as she whispered not to come on her. She lifted her white satin dress and white silk slip above her waist and moved her white silk panties aside. She sat on the edge of a table and drew me into her waiting wet pussy. We both groaned as I started to move it in and out of her waiting juicy cunt. My hands caressed her breasts through the satin and silk. I could feel her nipples growing hard and erect. She encouraged me by pulling me hard against her each time that I pushed my pulsing cock into to her quaking pussy. She moaned softly with each thrust. It didn't take long for me to shoot my load and adding my juices to hers. 

I pulled out and fingered her clit as she moaned and writhed on the edge of the table. My left hand continued to squeeze her tits and nipples as my right one fingered her hard pulsing clit. We were still frenching when she shuddered as she came with a very large groan and sigh. My hand was now covered with both of our juices. She told me to pull off her panties and soak up all the juices with them. She took them and wiped the juices off of my now flagging member. As I straightened out my clothes she stuffed her soiled white silk panties, down my pants, straightened her white satin dress, turned and walked towards the church door. She turned briefly, smiled, and left as the organ music announced her entrance into the church. Her maid of honour came out and looked straight at me with a smile and a wink and they both disappeared into the church.