 It was my fifth summer in Colorado working as a whitewater raft guide, started when I was 20. Loved every second of it! I would get a great tan and always stayed in great shape. This summer I was promoted to multi-day coordinator, which meant I had to take the first two day trip coming up. It was a party of four guests, father/daughter, and a married couple. It's true, guides do fuck their guests. Does it happen all the time to every guide, no, but if you play your cards right it can happen. 

Morning arrived and I was done packing for the trip. The married couple had already arrived. Dan and Emily were in their mid-40's. Emily was a redhead with a nice perky body, Dan was balding and had a beer belly. They were in Colorado for a church seminar and decided to spend a few days rafting before it started. Emily looked like a prude, don't think they've fucked in years.

Finally, Mary and Bob arrive. Mary steps out of the car and I saw a smoking hot 19 year old blonde. She was wearing a gray tank top and booty shorts. Shorts rode up her bubbly 19 year old ass, nipples were poking through the tank top. Thank god I had masturbated that morning or my dick would have hardened. From the moment I saw her I decided I was going to fuck her, just needed to figure out how not to piss Bob off and kill my tip. 

Gear was packed and we were off to the put-in. It was a beautiful 85 degree sunny Colorado summer afternoon. Mary had decided to opt-out of the wetsuit, she said she wanted to work on her tan. She wore a skimpy white bikini. Her bottoms kept riding up her ass as she slid around on the wet rubber. I guide from the right so of course I had put her on the right side in front of me. Emily sat across from her on the left, wearing a wetsuit, lame. The two men were put in the front, because I told them I needed their power, what a joke. They paddled like bitches, but felt like big strong men steering us through the rapids. 

Throughout the morning Mary and I chatted and she was definitely flirting. She said she had a boyfriend back home in Chicago. Her and her dad went on a father/daughter trip every year since she was 10. He was cool, stoner hippie type, owned a construction company. Mary asked me where I slept. I told her that I turned over my raft and use it as an air mattress next to the river. She insisted I show her when I had set it up. 

We got to our campsite a bit early due to higher water flows. I liked it better this way, gave more me time to set up the tents, the kitchen, the groover (shit box), and get a fire going. Maybe I'd even have a chance to sneak off and get a little high before starting dinner. 

As we approached the sandy beach, I jumped up and ran across the tubes to the front of the raft jumping out and grabbing the bowline. I Pulled the raft to a complete stop , I instructed the two men to hop out first. They head up the beach peeling off life jackets. Emily jumps out next. I turn my attention to Mary and my eyes instantly went to her pussy. Her white bikini had ridden into her pussy, revealing half her cleanly shaven pussy and gave me a peek of her pink inner lips. My dick reacted, the wet flimsy board shorts clung to my slowly hardening cock. Mary stepped out and I noticed her peek down looking at my dick. Then while making eye contact she licked her lips and gave me a smirk. I had no choice but to jump in the cold river until my dick went down. I just pretended to swim around for a minute. 

With the raft unloaded and camp set up, I went to work on my bed for the night. Mary followed me down, now wearing yoga pants and t-shirt with no bra. Big tits jiggled, nipples like little pencil erasers, "So this is where you'll be sleeping?" She asked.  

"Yes, it's the best bed in the universe, the sound of the river next to me, and the billions of stars above." I replied. 

She said that she would love to lay on it and watch the stars later if I was ok with it. I was ok with it, more than ok. I had to fuck young Mary on my raft tonight, screw the tip. 

After dinner, we hung out at the campfire for another hour or so, having drinks and s'mores. The couple peeled off first and walked down to their tent. I made sure to set up the guests tents as far away from the kitchen and my bed as possible. Around ten minutes later the Mary's father said he going to bed and asked Mary if she was coming. Mary responded that she wanted to hang by the fire a bit longer and that she would follow him in soon. 

We chilled by the fire a little longer, I offered her a hit from my vape pen. We caught a buzz and took another shot of whiskey. I told Mary that I should head to bed because we had an early start in the morning. She agreed and asked again if she could just check out my bed first. I put out the fire and we made our way down to the river. My sleeping bag was already out and so was my camping pillow. She didn't waste any time and plopped right down on my sleeping bag and I laid next to her.

"Wow! You weren't kidding, this is amazing." She said gazing up at the stars.

"I know, i'm so lucky, best bed in the world and now a beautiful woman to share it with." I replied. To be honest my dick was already getting hard. She smiled as she watched the stars. I leaned in and kissed her cheek and then her lips. 

She was receptive and began to kiss me back. Our tongues were battling, when she suddenly pushed me away, "I have a boyfriend, I shouldn't be doing this." She said in a tone that made me doubt her commitment.

I tried to lighten the mood, "Don't worry Mary, what happens on the river stays on the river." 

This time she leaned and began forcefully kissing me, we started to make out in earnest. I reached out and groped her big juicy tits, paying attention to her erect nipples, eliciting moans. I slid my hand down to her pussy and I could feel the heat emanating from between her thighs. I rubbed her pussy, and a wet spot formed on the outside of her yoga pants. She lifted her big juicy ass up off the raft and slid her pants down revealing a cleanly shaven pussy. Her lips glistened with moisture. 

We started kissing again, while I rubbed her wet pussy, and continued groping her big tits. Mary was in heaven, she moaned into my mouth louder and louder. I circled her clit and occasionally slid down further to play with her pink opening. After a couple minutes more of this I slid my middle and ring finger into her tight hole causing her to gasp. I curled my fingers up into the anterior wall of her pussy. I slid in and out making sure to apply pressure to the meaty moist surface of her vaginal wall. 

"Oh my God! Oh my God! You keep doing that and I'm going to cum so hard. I've never felt anything like this. YES! YES! Please keep doing that!" I increased the pressure to her vaginal wall and moved in small circles.

Her breathing increased, I knew she was about to cum when suddenly I saw a flash of light moving slowly towards the fire. "Mary someone is coming," I said as I tried to pull my fingers out of her.

"Please no! Don't stop!" She yells as she grabbed my hand preventing me from leaving the confines of her tight pussy. So glad we were by the river or who ever this was would have heard everything. The flashlight was suddenly pointed our way, but stopped short of shining directly on us. 

"Mary! Are you down there? Mary! You ok?" Oh shit! It was Mary's father. She tried to pull my hand out of her pussy once she figured out who it was, but I kept up the pressure. Mary was so conflicted, she was so close. She couldn't stop moaning. In that moment, I let up having mercy on her.

"I'm ok dad! I'm just hanging out by the river. I'll come to the tent soon." She manages to squeak out quickly. 

"Ok, just checking to see if you're ok. Have fun!" Her father replied nonchalantly. Wow! Such a cool dad, he must have known what's up. I see the flashlight heading away from us. 

I applied the pressure back and increased my movements. "Yes! Yes! Yes!" She screams. I placed a hand on her outer pelvis and pushed down while simultaneously applying pressure up from inside her pussy. Mary starts to shake, legs first, and then her upper body. "I'm CUMMING! YES YES YES!" She screams over and over as she begins to squirt all over my sleeping bag. Fluid wouldn't stop gushing out of her tight pink pussy. Fuck! I it was so fucking hot, but I couldn't stop thinking about what I was going to do about my wet sleeping bag. "Oh my god! What just happened? I've never done that! What did you do to me! WOW! SO FUCKING AMAZING! I LOVE YOUR BED!" She yelled!

Reaching down she feels my hard dick. She slid her hand up and down my cock a couple of times. "Oh my god, that's a big fucking dick! I don't know if I can take that." 

I thought to myself...this was going to be a trip of many firsts for little Mary. 

To be continued...