 Chapter 1

Patrick Wallace walked down the street. He didn't understand why people kept gasping and turning away from him. Wasn't it perfectly normal for a man to walk down a public street? Patrick is 35, an ad executive for an important company. He has a beautiful wife and two beautiful children that he loves more then life itself. Patrick also has a problem. He doesn't remember any of this. He doesn't know who his is or for that matter where he is.

He woke up about an hour ago lying on the ground in a dirty alley. He looked around but nothing seemed familiar to him. "I have to get home." he said to himself as he pushed himself into a standing position. The only problem was, he had no idea where home was. He walked to the entrance to the alley, turned left then started walking down the crowded street. People kept gawking at him and it was starting to get on his nerves. He reached the end of the street and looked up at the street sign. 3rd and Mason. Okay...well at least he knew that much.

Patrick was startled when a police car pulled up beside him and two men stepped out of the car. One about 6' with a slim body and brown hair and eyes. The other one was short and round. Both looked at him kindly. "Um...Sir...Are you okay?" The taller officer asked him as he took Patrick by the arm leading him over to the squad car.

Patrick ran a hand through his short black hair and looked at the officer. "Of course I'm okay. Why wouldn't I be?"

The officer looked up and down over Patrick's body then looked him in the face again. "Um...Sir you are walking through a crowded street buck naked."

Patrick looked at him affronted. "I most certainly am not..." he looked down at his body and gasped. Patrick is a well built man. Medium build with black hair and green eyes. His 8 inch cock rested soft against a mound of black pubic hair. He was well muscled and had a light coating of hair covering his chest. "Oh lord." He exclaimed realizing the officer was telling the truth.

Patrick gratefully took the blanket the other officer handed him and wrapped it around him. "I...I don't know why I'm not wearing any clothes." He said as the taller officer helped him into the back of the squad car.

The officers sent the gawkers on their way then climbed into the car. The shorter one looked at Patrick through the mesh gate separating the front and back seat. "What's your name sir?" He asked kindly.

"Well it's..." Patrick started to say then stopped. He looked at the officer blankly. "I don't know."

The taller officer looked at him shrewdly. "You don't know who you are?"

Patrick looked at him and shivered. "No."

The two officers looked at each other then they started the car and headed for the nearest hospital.



***

An hour later Patrick was dressed in a hospital gown and lying back on a bed. It turned out he was dehydrated and they were giving him fluids through an IV. The hospital was practically deserted and his eyes kept running over the nurse who was checking him out. She had a slim body and huge tits. He guessed they had to be at least a D or E cup. His mouth watered and his cock started to harden as she leaned over to check his pulse. "The doctor should be in in a bit." She said standing up and giving him a smile.

"Thank you." he said laying his head back against the pillow and clenching his fist to keep from reaching out to her. "What's your name?" He asked.

She looked at him. "Miranda. Miranda Anderson."

He reached up and gently ran his finger through a bit of her hair that had escaped her braid. "Miranda. That's a pretty name."

She looked at him in shock then glanced down at the blankets covering him. His cock had made a tent in them. "Oh my." She said glancing at his hard cock through the blanket.

He smiled and ran his hand lightly over her face. "Hungry Miranda?" He asked huskily.

She looked quickly out the open door to the nurses station. There were two nurses standing there talking but that was it. She knew it would be at least an hour before the doctor could come in to see him. The hospital looked deserted but actually they were quite busy today. They had a 15 car pile up not an hour before and all the doctors were currently busy taking care of the critical patients.

She licked her suddenly dry lips then walked over to the door. She said something Patrick couldn't hear to the other nurses then closed the door. She turned back to him and lifted the skirt of her nurses uniform. She grasped the sides of her panties slipping them down her legs until she could step out of them. She left them by the door then walked back to his bed. "If I get caught, I could lose my job." She said as she lifted the sheet off of him exposing his hard cock.

He lifted his hospital gown to give her more access then grasped her breast through her nurses uniform. She moaned and he felt her nipple harden against his hand. "Um...Nice." He whispered.

She smiled at him as she took his cock into her hand and slowly began to stroke it. Then she leaned over taking the head of his cock into her mouth, sucking gently on it. "Mmmmm...Yea...That feels good." he said running his fingers over her face.

Miranda closed her eyes, savoring the taste of the hard cock in her mouth. She hadn't had a decent fuck in over six months and she was horny as hell. She moved her mouth down over him whipping out her tongue and lightly grazing the flesh with her teeth. She tasted a bit of precum and tasted it on her tongue moaning as she swallowed it.

Patrick had his eyes closed and was moaning softly as she worked at his cock. He didn't know how long it had been since he last got laid, all he knew was that this nurse sure knew how to suck cock. He grasped her skirt slowly pulling her lower body towards him. She came willingly and when she was close enough he lifted her skirt with one hand and reached beneath with the other. His fingers brushed against soft curls then found the treasure hidden inside. Her clit was poking out of it's hood and he caressed it with a fingertip.

"Mmmmm..." She moaned going harder at his cock as she pressed herself against him. She lifted one leg resting it on the bed to give him better access to her pussy.

When she lifted her leg, it lifted her skirt up and he had a perfect view of her pussy. There was a light coating of hair above it but the pussy lips themselves were shaved. There was a bit of pussy juiced clinging to the tip of her slit. He reached down taking the drop on his finger and brought it to his lips. He licked it and moaned. Then moved his finger back for more. He slipped a finger into her and she cried out against his cock pushing back against him. 

Patrick chuckled. "Like that do you?" He pulled her hips closer to him then lifted her onto the bed her until she was laying over him on the bed in a 69 position. Her legs were spread wide and her pussy was just inches above his face. He pulled her down to him and darted out his tongue licking at the juices she had on her pussy lips. 

"Ooooohhhhh..." She moaned around his cock. She sucked deeper at him letting him slip into her throat.

Patrick groaned and pressed up with his hips but other then that he ignored the feelings running through his cock. He had a sweet pussy in his face and he planned to take advantage of it.

He spread her pussy lips open with his fingers and darting out his tongue ran it over her clit. He felt her shiver and moan around his cock. He chuckled and licked at her clit again before taking it between his lips and sucking deeply on it. She went crazy and started moaning like a bitch in heat. He pulled one hand off her pussy and wrapped it around her waist holding her close to him. While she went to town on his cock he decided he wanted to taste more of this luscious pussy. He moved his tongue from her clit and teased her slit with it. She moaned again pressing back against him. He chuckled once again. He had a hot bitch above him. That was for sure.

He pointed his tongue then pushed it as far into her slit as he could reach. This drove Miranda over the edge and she pulled her mouth from his cock moaning as softly as she could as she began to ride his tongue like a small cock. "Oh God I need to get off." She cried as she pushed against him.

Patrick held her down with his arms and fucked his tongue forcefully up inside her. Miranda was squeezing his cock as she stroked it but most of her attention was on the fire in her pussy. "Please." She begged pushing desperately against him.

Patrick took one hand from around her and started flicking his finger fast and hard against her clit as he continued to tongue fuck her. Suddenly he heard a muffled cry as she flooded his face with her juices. He figured she had covered her mouth with her hand to muffle the cry of her orgasm. He continued to tonguefuck her for another minute then released his hold on her and felt her collapse over him. Her face was resting against his pulsing cock and it jumped with each of her breaths.

"Wanna ride me baby?" he asked just loud enough for her to hear.

She looked over her shoulder at him through passion glazed eyes. She smiled then pulled herself up onto her knees. She carefully turned around until she was facing him then straddled his hips until she had one leg resting on each side of his hips and her pussy braced above him so his cock brushed at her pussy lips. She rested her feet on the bed and leaned back as she moved his cockhead against her sopping pussy. She watched his eyes close and heard his moan. She positioned him at the entrance to her body and slowly lowered herself over him. "Oh so big." She moaned as she took him in.

Patrick moaned and grasped her hips. "So tight." He moaned as he felt her engulf his hard cock.

She took him completely inside her then held herself down over him. She unbuttoned the front of her nurses uniform and undid the front clasp of her bra until her breasts fell free. Then she leaned back with her hands on his legs and slowly started to raise her body feeling him leave her.

Patrick moved his hands from her waist and grasped her tits in his hands. "Oh...So nice." He moaned as her tits bounced with her movements.

Miranda closed her eyes throwing her head back as she slowly rode his cock. She would pull out to the head then slowly take him back inside clenching and unclenching her pussy muscles around him until she had taken him completely. "Oh god...I need this so bad." She moaned as she started moving harder and faster over him.

"Yea...I can tell." he said with a chuckle that turned into a moan. He mauled her tits and held them tightly as he pulled her down over him as he thrust up. "I'm not gonna last long." He groaned as he felt the cum boiling in his balls.

"Oh No...Don't cum yet." She cried bouncing harder on him. "I'm so close. I need to cum again."

He pulled her to him until her breasts were in front of his face. He grasped her hips pulling her forcefully up and down over him as he started chewing on her breasts. "Oh yea." She cried as her orgasm built. "Fuck me..." 

He bit down on her nipple and heard her cry out in pleasure and pain. He bit down harder and chewed roughly at her breasts as he took one hand from her waist moving it between them until he found her clit. It was pulsing and completely out from it's hood. He took it between two fingers and pinched it hard. Miranda cried out and fucked herself on his cock even harder and faster. "Oh fuck me...I'm gonna cum." She cried no longer caring who heard her cries.

He continued pulling and twisting at her clit and biting on her breasts as he thrust himself almost painfully up into her repeatedly. "Cum bitch." he growled against her breast. "Cum on my fucking cock." He slammed harder and faster into her and heard her cry out in joy as she came. He felt her flooding his cock and knew he had lost control.

How he managed to flip them over on the small hospital bed he didn't know. All he knew was suddenly he was above her and pounding the shit out of her pussy as he sought his own release. "Oh fuck meeee..." She cried clawing at him. She wrapped her legs tightly around his waist pulling him deeply inside her.

"God, you are a hot bitch aren't you." He growled as he took her mouth roughly. Thrusting his tongue deep into her mouth in time with his thrusting cock.

She sucked greedily at his tongue as she lifted her hips against him. She felt her orgasm building again and dug her nails into his back.

"Agh..." He cried out at the pain and fucked her faster. "You'll pay for that." he growled as he pummeled her pussy.

"Give it to me." She cried clinging to him. "Give it to me. I need it so bad."

Patrick felt his cum shooting up his cock and cried out. "Here it cums" just as the first shot splattered deep inside her. Miranda cried out as she came yet again. He thrust into her continuously as he felt his balls empty. Finally he stopped cumming and he collapsed against her. "Oh god. That was fantastic." he panted leaning against her.

She wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed his cheek. "Yes it was. You are one hell of a great fuck. She giggled. "Any time you want a repeat performance I'm your girl."

He chuckled as he pulled out of her and leaned back so she could slip off the bed. He lay down on his back and watched as she straightened her clothes. "I might take you up on that sweetheart." He said with a smile then drifted off to sleep.



***

Patrick came awake with a start and looked at the older gentleman standing by his bed. He was covered with the light blanket and lay his head back against the pillow. "Hello. My name is Doctor Wilson." He looked down at the chart in his hand. "I understand you don't know who you are."

Patrick watched as the doctor sat down in the chair by his bed. "No...I have no idea. I don't know who I am, where I am or anything." He let a sigh escape his lips.

The doctor smiled at him kindly. "Do you know what day it is?"

Patrick thought about that for a minute. "Um...June 17th?"

Dr. Wilson nodded and made a note on the chart. "Do you know what year?"

Again Patrick thought about it. "2008?"

"Very good." Again Dr. Wilson noted the chart.

"Do you know where you are?"

Patrick looked at him. "I'm in a hospital."

Dr. Wilson chuckled. "I mean the city."

"Oh....No."

"You're in Chicago." Dr. Wilson said looking at Patrick.

"Chicago? As in Chicago, Illinois?"

Dr. Wilson nodded. "Yes."

"If you say so." Patrick said looking out the window.

Dr. Wilson looked down at the chart again. "Well I will be honest with you. It isn't going to be easy to find out who you are. You came in with no identification or anything." He looked at Patrick's left hand where there was an outline of a wedding band. "I would guess that you are married and have a family out there somewhere."

This made Patrick look at him again. "Married? Family?"

Dr. Wilson nodded. "There is an imprint on your finger from a wedding band." Dr. Wilson said nodding to Patrick's hand.

He looked down at his hand and saw the white outline that looked like a wedding band had rested there. He felt an instant of guilt at fucking Miranda. What if he had a wife out there somewhere?

Dr. Wilson stood up and patted him on the arm. "You rest. I will be back later to check on you."

Patrick nodded and went back to looking out the window. 


Chapter 2

Patrick was released from the hospital the next day. He was given some clothes to wear and introduced to Helen Masters. She was a lady in her mid 30's with a petite body and flowing black hair and dark blue eyes. She smiled at him as she introduced herself. "I'm from Health and Family services. I'm gonna find you a place to stay for a while, while we try to find your family."

Patrick nodded and followed her out of the hospital. He groaned when his cock gave a jerk in his pants as he looked at her tight ass. Helen looked over her shoulder at him but didn't say anything.

He followed her to a beat up Honda and climbed into the passenger seat. He buckled up then leaned against the back of the seat and closed his eyes. He heard the car start then the motion of the car in gear. "I'm gonna put you up in a hotel for a couple of days. If we can't find out anything we will go from there." Patrick opened his eyes and looked at her. 

"Okay."



They pulled up in front of a Motel 6. Patrick stayed in the car while she got the room. She came back a couple of minutes later and drove over to his room. "Here we are." She said with a smile.

He followed her out of the car and up to the door. She opened it and he followed her inside. Patrick was barely inside the door before he was pushed up against it and Helen's body was pressed seductively against his. She locked her mouth on his, kissing him deeply as she worked at his pants. "What are you doing?" He asked finally pulling his mouth from hers.

She smiled at him seductively as she undid his pants then pushed them down his hips exposing his semi hard cock. "I paid for this room out of my own pocket sweetheart. Now it's time to pay me back." She dropped to her knees before him and grasped his cock in her hand.

Patrick moaned as she squeezed his rapidly growing cock then came to his senses. "Wait. I might have a wife and family out there somewhere. I can't do this." he pressed at her shoulders but she didn't budge.

"Like I give a shit." She growled before engulfing half his cock into her mouth at once.

"OH GOD!" He groaned at the sensations suddenly flooding his cock. She sure knew what she was doing and was driving his cock crazy. His came to full hardness in her mouth and started pulsing wildly. 

She went to town on his cock, sucking, biting and licking as she ripped off her shirt and bra and pulled her skirt up. She shoved three fingers into her wet pussy. She fingered herself hard as she sucked on him. "Mmmmmmm..." She moaned around his cock.

Patrick tried to ignore the feelings running through his cock at her rough treatment. He kept his mind focused on the fact that he might have a wife out there. When she took him into her throat though he lost it. "OOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHH........." He groaned as he started fucking her face. "Suck my cock baby. Feels so fucking good." He grabbed her head and rammed forwards hard.

Helen slammed her fingers in her pussy while she mauled her breast with her other hand as he furiously fucked her face. She moaned around his cock, loving it when he would slam repeatedly into her throat. "Cum for me." She growled around the pummeling cock. She took her hand off her breast and started squeezing his balls hard.

"OH FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUCCCCCCCCKKKKKKKKK!!!!!!!!!" He screamed as he began emptying himself into her sucking mouth.

Helen drank up his juices greedily as she came around her thrusting fingers. When he collapsed back against the door, she suckled gently at his cock to get the last drops then let it slip from her lips. "Hmmmm....Yummy."

Patrick watched her through half closed eyes as she pulled her shirt the rest of the way off then stepped out of her skirt. She stood there in nothing but her nylons and high heels. He didn't protest as she pulled his shirt over his head or shoved his pants down until he could step out of them. Nor did he protest as she pulled him towards the bed and pushed him back onto it. "My pussy needs a good licking." She purred straddling his face and spreading open her pussy lips with her fingers.

He looked up at the shaved pussy above his face. He tried once again to picture his wife's face then gave up and dove at her pussy. Her clit was hard and pulsing, her slit wet with her juices from coming. He wrapped his arms around her ass, pulling her closer as he dove his tongue all over her pussy. He flicked it over her clit and heard her cry out. "Yes baby. Eat my pussy." She ran her fingers through his hair.
