 I love to look at you when you are not watching. You seem like any ordinary guy, but to me you are something special. You are tall, broad shouldered and you have amazing laughing eyes, and the way you smile as you talk makes my fingertips tingle with the need to caress your jaw and neck. I know you so well in some ways, but in others you are a complete stranger. You turn to me. Your lips part gently as you lean close to me and I lose myself in the hot firm caress of your mouth. My nostrils flare as I give myself up to you and I luxuriate in the exquisite scent of sweat and aftershave and man. An ache of desire spreads down to heat my neck and gently heaving breasts. I press the soft curves of my body against yours and your hands slide around my waist and you hold me to you.

Our kiss ignites an ember of hot passion that flares where our bodies touch. My hungry mouth works its way down your strong neck as my fingernails gently etch marks of desire in your upper back. I feel your hardness against me and my need for you is beautiful agony. Your body is warm and firm and I gently suck your nipples through the fabric of your shirt as I undo buttons to reveal flesh I so desperately need to touch. You have removed my dress and my nipples brush up against you, starting an urgent throbbing in my groin.

Clutching your tensed buttocks and pressing my mound to you, I feel that your needs equal mine. My inner thighs quiver in anticipation as I free you from your jeans. I take a moment to admire the outline of your erection, straining to be released. I look deep into your blue eyes and smile. You know what is about to happen.

I take hold of you, gently, and caress you with both hands and it feels like a solid mass of muscle encased in velvet. My mind fills with how it would feel rubbing all over me and filling me inside. I stroke it and feel it pulse in response to my touch. I press a kiss onto the smooth round end, then I part my lips and my jaw stretches wide as your bulging glans graze past my teeth and into the hot interior of my mouth. My tongue strokes the underside as the tight entrance of my throat engulfs the tip. 

You tense. You are already hot and throbbing in my mouth and I work on you with long fast strokes until you can't control your thrusting any longer and you lunge into me, unleashing a torrent of cum into the back of my throat. I swallow it, sucking until every last drop is gone, then I reluctantly release you from my throat. I stand up in front of you, challenging you with my eyes to an equal performance.

As always you are still hard and eager for more. You push me against the wall and tear at the g-string you bought me. The thin material snaps and I pull your body to mine and wrap one leg around your waist. I am so wet for you that you slide into me unaided and I come on the first full stroke, clutching onto you in the intensity of my orgasm as each spasm drives me further against you. Then you are thrusting into me before I can recover, I am throbbing and shuddering against each stroke and my juices are oozing down our thighs. My mind is an explosion of dark and light and there is no beginning or end to the sensation of you filling me so completely.

Our hands move in a panic of desire over each other's bodies and we kiss and suck and bite, and draw on each other's raw energy, our need an addiction feeding itself. Our bodies move in a frenzy against each other yet together and we are dizzy with the smell of sweat and sex and the sound of ragged panting. We are greedy for the sensation of flesh filling flesh and our wanton desire hovers at the edge of hysteria before we again come crashing together as one in an eruption of pure ecstasy.