 Editor's Note: "Who Dat Girl?" is the story about our recent trip to New Orleans. In the first three parts, husband and wife — David and Tia — get frisky on the plane to New Orleans and attract the attention of two hot co-eds. The four decide to check out the French Quarter together, and after an evening of getting to know each other, they all head back to the hotel to get to know each other even better. When the two girls go off to explore New Orleans and see a brother, David and Tia head back to the Quarter looking for more fun.

Who Dat Girl? - Part 4

David gently entered Tia from behind. She was already wet, having recently watched David take Erin the same way and then receiving a quick tongue-lashing from Erin's partner, Danielle, before the two dashed off for a scheduled tour of the Louisiana swamps.

Erin loved to be taken this way. On her side with her knees drawn up, her husband molded his body to hers. His long hard cock extended between her legs and filled the void within her body. She marveled at the intricate design of male and female and how they fit perfectly together, like puzzle pieces, completing each other.

David's thrusts were slow and deliberate, which is just how she wanted it right now. It gave her a chance to relive the wild activity of the night before in which she had her first lesbian experience and watched as her husband had intercourse with two women that they had only met that day.

Their sex life was good, but this was a whole new level.

Just the thought of watching him make passionate love to Erin drove Tia to the edge, and David sensed she was close to cuming. He increased the pace of his thrusts, loving the feel of his wife's buttocks slapping against his groin.

Tia let out a groan and slipped her hand between her legs to circle her clit. She parted her knees to gain greater access to her sex.

David's hands were mauling her breasts, just the way she liked. He used them like handles to pull himself deeper into her.

She arched her back and thrust her ass against him as the orgasm took her. She convulsed and her body jerked back and forth as she cried out.

David had never been able to contain himself when Tia started to cum. The mere thought of her reaching orgasm was enough to send him over the edge too, and his semen leapt from his body, filling her cavity with white milky liquid that coated his softening cock as he continued to ease in and out of her.

"Ohhhh!" she sighed. "That was perfect."

He wrapped his arms around her, enveloping her in his strong embrace as his penis began to shrivel until it slipped from her gaping hole. A rivulet of sperm leaked from her orifice and onto her leg.

They lay that way for a while, dozing in and out of sleep, completely relaxed and sated.

"You know what the most erotic part of our time with Erin and Danielle was?" Tia asked. David jolted awake from his mini-nap, somehow managing to pick up on Tia's question, even though he was half-asleep.

"No, what?" he replied.

"Listening to you comfort and reassure Erin," she said. "She is such a damaged young woman. She has only known abusive men, and to hear you reassure her that there are good men out there ... men she can trust ... men who care about her ... that was such a turn on. Your compassion for another person, someone who is hurting so much, is one of the many reasons I love you so much."

David was both surprised and deeply touched by his wife's words. He had simply reacted to Erin's story of abuse the way he thought any human being should act, but he had to admit that there were all too many people who cared only about themselves and had little or no ability to empathize or sympathize with others.

"It's weird," he said. "She's so strong, but so vulnerable at the same time. I can't really explain it, but I somehow felt the need to apologize for all of the assholes in her life and let her know that she is loved for who she is and not as an object."

"And that's exactly why I love you," Tia said, rolling over to face him.

She took his face into her hands. "You are a good man. You're a wonderful husband, and a loving, caring person. I don't know how I got so lucky to have you for my husband."

David's eyes moistened. Tia was not one prone to romanticism. She certainly told him she loved him, but the depth of the emotion and the sincerity of her words went beyond the level of intimacy she normally exhibited.

He kissed her lips gently. "Thank you," he said quietly, almost a whisper. She could see that her words had touched him deeply, and the emotion she could see on his face almost became awkward.

"Oh, and did I mention that you have a big dick!" she said, immediately lightening the serious moment and causing him to laugh.

"OK, the truth comes out," he said playfully. "I knew that was the real reason you loved me."

"Hey, what can I say?" she responded. "Anyone who tells you that size doesn't matter is either lying or just being polite."

He laughed again and kissed her.

"I don't know about you, but I'm starving," he said.

"Oh my God, I could eat a horse," she replied. "Last night was a lot of work."

"Why don't we get ready and head over to Brennan's for lunch?"

"Good idea," she said. "I've been wanting to see if it was as great at everyone says. Let me get in the shower first. It takes me longer to get ready."

"Tell me about it," he joked.

"Asshole," she said teasingly, climbing out of bed and heading to the bathroom.

"Bitch," he replied in kind, ogling her tight ass as she walked away.

Both had smiles on their faces.

***

David and Tia departed the hotel and headed for Canal Street.

Almost immediately, a fast-talking guy clearly selling something accosted them. He peppered them with questions, and while David was wary, he had to admit the guy was pretty slick. He offered them a choice of a couple of New Orleans ball caps, and only after the couple accepted them did he ask for a donation for a charity providing food for the homeless.

Despite realizing they had been "had," the guy had authentic credentials for the charity he was supporting, and his shtick was pretty good. David gave him his last $20. He figured it actually worked out pretty well since they got a couple of ball caps out of the deal, and the homeless of Louisiana could certainly use the help.

The couple laughed about the encounter as they crossed Canal Street, feeling pretty good that they hadn't pulled their usual routine of simply ignoring the street person. They had to admit the guy was funny and very good at making them feel like they had made a real contribution to helping New Orleans' homeless.

No sooner had they made it on to Bourbon Street, though, when an old man approached offering Tia a string of beads.

For those who haven't been to New Orleans or experienced Mardi Gras, it's customary for inexpensive bead necklaces to be passed out along the parade route during Mardi Gras, but the beads can be had throughout the year in the French Quarter.

The man didn't seem too mentally stable, and he kept exhorting Tia to NOT show her breasts for beads, which in recent years had become a common method of acquiring beads during the bacchanal.

Tia gladly accepted the beads, and the couple attempted to move on, and the kind old man did the same, but all of the sudden he was back in front of them saying he needed $5 for the beads.

Having just given his last $20 to the food guy, David couldn't have given him any money if he'd wanted to, but he certainly didn't want to now that the "kind old man" suddenly turned aggressive.

Tia handed the beads back to him and thanked him as they tried to extricate themselves from the contact.

"Why won't you give me money?" the man asked in an accusatory tone. "I know you have it. Why do you hate black people so much?"

David and Tia were stunned. They started to explain that they didn't hate black people but quickly realized that the guy wasn't playing with a full deck.

"I'm sorry," David said, stepping between Tia and the man, "but we can't help you."

They turned and walked away, putting distance between them and the crazy man.

They continued toward Brennan's and with every step, Tia became more and more angry as she dissected the encounter.

"Goddamn it! I hate it when people play the 'race card' like that," she fumed. The both remarked how they had been in the Quarter several times and had never been approached by "street people," and now it had happened twice in the space of a few blocks.

They finally arrived at Brennan's and ordered brunch.

Neither was that impressed.

Maybe it was the hype about eating at Brennan's or maybe it was the homeless black man, but the meal just wasn't that enjoyable.

Both were in need of a Hand Grenade, and the LSU game was about to start, so they headed for Tropical Isle to adjust their attitudes and watch the game.

David had to admit that he still didn't get Tia's sudden fascination with LSU and the Saints, and especially her never-before-expressed desire to watch football, but ever since he had begun work in Louisiana, she had become a fanatic.

The No.-1 ranked Tigers were on a roll, and next to the anticipated championship, this week's game against No. 2-ranked Alabama was already being hyped as the game of the year.

Grabbing a couple of seats near a big-screen TV, the couple ordered the first of many drinks and settled in to root for the home team, even if home was 60 miles up I-10 in Baton Rouge.

The game turned into a mighty defensive struggle and lived up to its hype with LSU eking out a victory on the road in Alabama with an overtime field goal after Alabama missed its shot moments before.

Tia was ecstatic that her Tigers had won, and her mood was greatly improved after a rough start on Bourbon Street. They strolled past bars and more bars and were drawn to the Famous Door by hard-rocking sound pouring through the doors.

It was early afternoon and they parked themselves on a couple of stools at one of the club's two bars so they could listen to the band.

David ordered a couple of Abita beers, a local brew, and Tia switched to rum and diet Coke.

The band was totally hot, and the lead singer even hotter. With a voice reminiscent of Janis Joplin and a body reminiscent of Fergie, she had everyone in the place dancing and singing along to classic rock standards.

Tia, normally more reserved in public, at least until she got a few Hand Grenades in her, was off her stool and dancing along with the crowd. David watched as his wife let loose as the band did a true-to-the-original version of "Piece of My Heart" followed immediately by "Sweet Home Alabama," meant as a slight dig at the Tide fans in the audience. Tia went crazy as they played her favorite song of all time. David couldn't help but smile.

Panting from the exertion of her dancing, she returned to David's side to take a sip of her drink just a the group on the stage broke into "Sittin' on the Dock of the Bay," which just happened to be Tia's second favorite song.

She slow danced next to David, rubbing herself against him suggestively. Leaning close, she whispered in his ear.

"You know that lead singer up there?"

"Uh huh," he replied.

"I'd totally do her."

David burst out laughing. Until last night, his beautiful wife had never been with another woman, and now she was openly scoping out potential conquests.

"I'd pay good money to see that," he said with a smile.

"You'd like to watch me fuck her, wouldn't you," Tia teased.

"I only get to watch?" he asked in a mock tone of disappointment.

"Oh, I might let you join in after I've had my way with her," Tia said thoughtfully.

"Gee, that's generous of you," he responded.

"Although, when I get done with her, she might be too tired to play with you," she added.

They were so wrapped up in their playful banter that they didn't realize the band had taken a break, and the object of Tia's affection was now making the rounds with a tip bucket in her hands.

The woman's red hair flowed from beneath her straw cowboy hat. She laughed and joked with fans as they generously rewarded the band's performance with healthy tips. David could see that she was about Tia's height, and her tight blue jeans and t-shirt accented her curvy figure.

As she approached David and Tia, David handed his wife a couple of $20 bills to donate to the cause. On the way to the bar, he'd stopped at one of the many ATMs in the Quarter to replenish his cash. Tia sauntered over and dropped the twenties into the bucket. The singer was stunned.

"Thank you so much!" she said in what could have been a Texas twang.

"You're welcome," Tia responded. "You guys are great. I haven't had this much fun listening to music and dancing in a long time. And I've got to tell you, you're totally hot!" Tia said, blushing slightly at her forwardness.

"Oh, thank you!" the singer said, giving Tia a hug. "I think you're totally hot too," she whispered into Tia ear.

The warm breath across her ear sent shivers down Tia's back, and the two lingered in the hug perhaps a moment more than might be considered appropriate, their breasts pressing together. Both could feel the heat of the other's body.

"What's your name?" she asked.

"Tia."

"I love that name. I'm Bonnie. Hey, listen, I've got to finish scouring the bar for tips, but we're going to be on break for 45 minutes. Would you like to grab a drink?"

"Uh, sure!" Tia said, not sure if David was invited too or if he would mind her disappearing for a while."

"Great, I've got a dressing room in back. I kind of like to get away from the crowd for awhile because if I hang out I here, I won't get to relax any before we have to go back on."

"That sounds fantastic."

"Give me about 10 minutes and then meet me in my dressing room. Just go through that door right there, and my room is the last one on the right."

"Deal," Tia said with a smile. "Now go rake in the tips."

Tia watched her ass as she continued to roam the room in search of cash. "It may take a little work to get those jeans off," she thought with a smile. "I might need some paint remover because they look like they are painted on."

She turned back to David with a big shit-eating grin on her face.

"Honey, you're going to have to amuse yourself for a little while. Bonnie and I are going to have a drink in her dressing room."

"You little tramp," he said laughing. "You seduced her in less than 2 minutes."

"Why honey," she said in her best Scarlett O'Hara imitation, "whatever do you mean. Us girls are just going to have a quiet little drink together. I assure you that nothing untoward is going to happen. After all, I have my reputation to uphold."

"Frankly, Scarlet," he replied (doing a pretty poor Rhett Butler), "you're full of shit."

They both laughed, and she gave him a quick kiss. "I'm going to stop by the bathroom before I head on back. Order yourself another beer, and I'll be back I a little while."

David swatted her on the butt as she walked away, and she turned her head to stick her tongue out at him.

He felt a slight twinge of jealously that he wasn't being included in the fun, but he let it pass. This weekend had already far exceeded his craziest dreams, and he wasn't about to begrudge his wife's little walk on the wild side.

He ordered another beer and began his favorite pastime — picking out the girl in the crowd he'd like to have sex with. He knew that wasn't likely to happen, but it was still a fun game.

***

Tia knocked gently and opened door after hearing a muffled "Come in."

Bonnie was in the process of tugging a tight T-shirt up over her voluptuous breasts as Tia entered.

"Hi, darlin', come on in. What woudja like to drink?" Bonnie asked. Tia noted her accent had become more pronounced.

"We've got beer, and we've got, well, beer," she said.

"Hmmm, I think I'll have a beer ... no wait ... I think I'll have a beer instead," Tia joked.

Bonnie laughed. "Good choice."

The singer popped the tops off a couple of longnecks and strolled over to Tia.

Handing Tia the bottle, she clinked hers to Tia's in a toast. "Here's to new friends and new experiences."

Tia was acutely aware of how close Bonnie was standing ... topless.

Surprising herself, Tia took the initiative.

"I know you don't have a lot of time ..." she said, pausing a second before reaching up to brush a strand of long red hair away from Bonnie's face.

"Not much, but enough," Bonnie said, leaning in to kiss Tia gently on the lips.

Tia brazenly lifted her hand to cup Bonnie's breast as she extended their kiss. Her tongue darted into the other woman's mouth as she squeezed and pinched her nipple. It hardened quickly.

Bonnie groaned into her mouth and used her own hands to grasp Tia's ass and pull her closer. She lifted Tia's short skirt and ran her hands over the woman's naked backside.

She slipped a finger under the narrow string of Tia's panties, and pulled it from between her firm butt cheeks. She then traced her finger down Tia's crack, past her tight asshole and underneath to her moistening slit.

Now it was Tia's turn to moan.

Tia bent down to take her left nipple into her mouth, sucking lightly and flicking her tongue across the hard bud.

Bonnie pulled her head in closer, mashing it against her breast and urging her nipple deeper into Tia's mouth.

Tia's hands fumbled with the buttons on Bonnie's tight jeans, but she managed to get the top one undone, and the rest sprang apart as if they wanted nothing more than to allow her access to Bonnie's sweet pussy.

She slipped her hand into Bonnie's panties, and her fingers found her soaking wet. She ran a finger down Bonnie's slit, coating it with natural lubrication before moving back up to circle her hardening clit.

Bonnie thrust against her hand, humping it, secretly hoping Tia would bury a finger or two into her hungry hole.

"Take your panties off," Tia said breathlessly.

"You too," Bonnie said, stepping back so she could peal off the jeans and her panties.

Tia tugged her short dress over her head and unfastened her front-clasping bra, unveiling her beautiful breasts to Bonnie, who stared transfixed even as she stripped.

Tia hooked her fingers into her thong and made a show of sliding the strings over her hips and down her thighs until the flimsy material fell to the floor in a puddle at her feet.

"Yumm," Bonnie said. "Shaved." Tia blushed.

Bonnie, on the other hand, had a neatly trimmed red patch of hair just above her slit.

The two women came back together, now fully nude, and kissed passionately, their hands roaming freely over the other's body.

Bonnie led Tia over to a divan, gently pushing Tia into a reclining position.

"I'm sorry we don't have more time for foreplay," Bonnie said as she reversed herself and climbed on top of Tia in a 69 position, "but right now, I need to taste this sweet pussy, and I want your tongue inside me."

Tia couldn't argue with her as her new lover straddled her face and lowered her cunt to Tia's mouth as she began lightly kissing Tia's stomach.

Tia drew her legs up and spread them, opening herself up for Bonnie, and the singer wasted no time plunging her face between Tia's legs.

The two began licking, sucking and tonguing each other in earnest. Tia grasped Bonnie's ass, pulling her closer so that she could slide her tongue deep into Bonnie's snatch.

Bonnie leaned down further so that she could tongue that sensitive space between Tia's asshole and her vagina. Bonnie's large breasts felt incredibly erotic as her nipples rubbed across Tia's stomach.

With her fingers, Tia pried Bonnie's cheeks apart, and she lightly tapped her index finger against Bonnie's back door, eliciting a groan from the woman on top.
