 Who Knew It Could Be So Hot In December?

::Preface::

Ryan and Kirsten met in College, and quickly, they had become very passionate lovers. Unfortunately, June came, and it was time to say Goodbye. After all, this was just a college fling. Or so they thought.

Another year semester came about, and Ryan and Kirsten met again after their summer apart, living at separate ends of the country. This semester proved to be even hotter than the previous. 

***

Ryan puts Kirsten's last duffle bag into her back seat, and shuts the car door. 

"I'm really going to miss you, Baby." Kirsten whispered into Ryan's ear as he enveloped her in a tight embrace. He could feel her firm breasts against his chest even through their heavy winter coverings.

"I can hardly stand the thought of Christmas away from you." Ryan responded.

"It's not Christmas I’m worried about...it's New Years Eve" She admitted. Taking a quick glance around the parking area to rule out any audience, she reached a hand beneath his coat, and down the front of his pants in one smooth motion. He grimaced a bit at the bite of the cold from her fingers as they wrapped around his very excitable shaft. “Promise that you'll save this for me." she said, staring into Ryan's eyes as he moaned. She was slowing stroking him, as much as the restrictive pants would allow. He was moaning under his breath. He swung his arms around her, dropping his bags, and, hands on her back pockets, pulled her hips against his hard cock, in the process trapping her hand against him. His lips met hers as he gave her a kiss that told her not to worry. He was all hers. 

He teased her lips apart with his hot tongue, she responded by gently nibbling his lower lip, and sucking it into her mouth. He groaned again any pulled away. 

"I'll never let you go at this rate" he told her with a hungry tone.

To this she only smiled and told him goodbye. She got into her car, and drove off. He stood there for a moment remembering the heat of her hand against him. He took a deep breath of the cold air and started on his way as well.

*** *** ***

Kirsten had arrived home several hours later, and had dinner with her family, before retiring to her childhood bedroom. She was exhausted from the trip. She laid down on her soft bed, and remembered her first time with Ryan. Thinking of his knowing fingers, working her pussy...she slipped out of her jeans, and touched her hot moist lips through her cotton panties. Kirsten shrugged out of her sweater and ran her fingers over her breasts, feeling her nipples harden in familiar response. Mmm...she needed more. She slipped her fingers below the elastic band and pushed the fabric slowly down her long legs. She reclined again. Kirsten spread her legs and gently, teasingly, stroked her smooth folds. Her finger slipped between her pussy lips and she drew in a deep breath as she felt the hot wetness on her hand. Her clit was aching for some attention. A technique she'd learned from Ryan, she made her self wait. Sweet torture. She slowly sank a long finger into her pussy. Finding herself more than ready, she reached into her duffel bag and retrieved a long rubber shaft. She laid back with a low, barely audible moan. She prayed that her parents couldn't hear her. She rubbed the dildo against her hard nipples, and pressed it to her lips, kissing it, and licking it as if it were Ryan's hot erection. She slipped the head between her lips and pulled as much of it into her mouth as she could, slowing pumping it in and out. Mmmm, she moaned against it. Her fingers subconsciously had found their way to her swollen clit. They rubbed in slow circles over it. She removed the toy from her mouth and slid it over her abdomen, and then over her clit, shivering with anticipation as it passed. She slowly pushed it into her waiting pussy. She gasped as she pushed the huge cock all the way. She began to pump it in and out, fast, and harder. She heard herself whispering Ryan's name, trying not to call out. 

"Oh, Ryan...don't stop, baby...please.." she moaned.

"Yeah...mmm...I'm so close...unh..."

- - - - 

All of a sudden she heard a noise. Tap Tap Tap. 

She leapt off of her bed and quickly slipped into a bathrobe; slipping her toy under the pillow.

The sound was coming from the window.

She hesitantly approached it.

"Ryan!!!" She ran to it and opened the second story window, pulling her unexpected spectator inside. 

She placed a finger to her lips.

"Shh" She could taste herself on her finger.

She dashed to her bedroom door and turned the lock with a click. 

She went back to Ryan. 

"How did you - "

He stopped her. I didn't mean to interrupt you, Baby doll." he told her, leading her back to her childhood bed, with the pink flowers and lace. Ryan kissed her hard as he pulled the bathrobe from her trembling body. He laid her back on her pillows, and began to tease her nipples with his tongue. He licked their surface, and then sucked them into his mouth. Ryan licked all around Kirsten's perfect tits, and let his hands roam down to her engorged pussy lips and clit. She gasped. He rubbed up and down her slit, and then entered her with two fingers. 

"Mmm...you're so wet" he acknowledged. She nodded. Ryan slipped out of his clothes and watched her expression get more and more aroused as she saw him stroke his manhood. he sank down to belly button and licked around it, moving further downward. She moaned more loudly than she'd intended too as he parted her thighs and buried his face in her wetness. She had to place a trembling hand over her mouth to remind herself to stay quiet as he licked her pussy, and flicked his tongue over her clit. Her legs convulsed slightly with every touch. 

"Fuck me, Ryan" she begged him breathlessly. 

She didn't need to tell him twice. He arose to his knees and pulled her hips up to meet his, sliding his hard cock deeply inside of his girlfriend's young, tight, and soaking wet pussy.

"Mmm" he expressed his satisfaction.

He pulled her close to him as he made love to her. His dick thrusting deeper and harder into her. She was so hot. He backed off a bit and watched her breasts bouncing with every rhythmic thrust. The look on her face was nearly orgasmic by itself. 

"Let it go, Baby doll. Give it to me" He told her. "I want to feel you cum."

She gritted her teeth in an effort to hold on.

"Cum for me, baby" he urged. 

She still held back...but Ryan was determined.

He reached beneath her pillow, and took her dildo in his hand. She grabbed handfuls of blanket in each hand, knowing what was coming. Ryan stopped grinding into her for a moment as he pulled out and replaced himself with her huge rubber cock. He moved it inside of her with very experienced agility. He removed the slippery penis and pressed it gently against her tight ass, slowly, he pushed it inside. This nearly drove Kirsten over the edge. She let out a not-so-quiet "yes!" as he began to maneuver the toy inside of her tight behind. Unable to hold himself back any longer, he plunged his throbbing cock into her pussy. Her moans were too much for him. He looked up to see her Eyes squeezed tightly shut, and her teeth gritted in immense pleasure. Kirsten was squeezing her nipples, and rubbing her breasts, as Ryan fucked her hard. 

She shuddered suddenly and he felt her muscles feverishly contracting as she raked his back with her fingernails. She was cumming. Hard. He continued to fuck her through her orgasm. She put her hand down to stop him. 

"I can't take it" she told him with desperation in her eye, "I want to suck you, baby, I want you to cum in my mouth."

He was happy to oblige.

"I've got to taste you" she continued.

Ryan took Kirsten's place on her bed and she knelt beside him. She leaned over him and took his hard, throbbing cock deep into her throat. She tasted a mixture of herself and his precum on her tongue. He placed a hand on top of her head as she sucked his cock, to guide her. He felt his balls tighten. He groaned. With one swift movement, he pulled her hips around, and placed them above his face. Her sucking became more feverish as he pushed his tongue inside her, pulling her hips down. She pulled his cock nearly out of her mouth, and then shoved it quickly back in, down her throat. Ryan felt his balls against her chin. This was too much for him. He fucked her face for a few more seconds, as his tongue fucked her sweet pussy. He came. She pulled his head out of her throat and onto her tongue so that she could taste his hot cum. She loved his flavor. She moaned against his cock, as she took all of his cum down her throat.

Ryan pulled Kirsten up next to him, and held her tightly against his chest. 

"Mmm..." She commented, "Who knew it could be so hot in December?"