  Main Cast
Mike, 35 years old, 5' 11", 175 lbs, brown hair, blue eyes, Anne's husband.
Anne, 34 years old, 5' 4", 105 pounds, brown hair, blue eyes, Mike's wife.
Jenny, 34 years old, 5'4", 105 pounds, brown hair, blue eyes, Anne's former college roommate.


My wife and I went out to dinner and some drinks one Friday evening. It had been a long week of work for both of us and we needed to get out of the house. We had just finished dinner and decided to have a couple of drinks in the bar before we went home. It was a fairly quiet, relaxed place, so we found a small booth and ordered. 

We had been sitting there for a few minutes when I saw my wife look up with wide eyes. She was staring at someone. I turned to look and the only person I saw in her line of sight was a woman about the same age as us. She was dressed in a white blouse, jeans, and a casual black jacket. I turned back to Anne and she had moved back out of sight of that section of the bar.

"What's wrong?"

"I think I know that woman."

I turned at looked at the woman again and then back at my wife.

"From where?"

"I think that's my former roommate from college."

I was intrigued since she never talked about school. "Really? You want to invite her over?"

She looked at me strangely. "Not sure she wants to see me. I just dropped off the face of the earth when I graduated. She may not be happy to see me."

She made it sound like they parted on bad terms, but it had been over 10 years. "Honey, it's been over ten years. I think you two might be able to at least talk."

She looked at me skeptically and then leaned out to see if the woman was still there. I turned as well and we both happened to look as she turned her head in our direction. She stared at us, a little shock registering on her face, and then smiled and started walking our way.

"Anne?" She said it like she was not sure it was her former roommate, but Anne hadn't changed that much.

"Jenny. It's good to see you." Anne stood and the two hugged a little tentatively. I guess they might be able to get along after all. When they stepped back Anne pointed to our booth. "Do you want to join us?"

"Sure." Jenny slid into the booth on Anne's side of the table and Anne introduced her to me. 

"Jenny, this is my husband, Mike." We shook hands.

Jenny turned to Anne. "Nice. Married and settled. Kids?"

"No, we don't have kids. What about you? How are you? What are you doing here?"

They then talked about all those things that I guess women discuss when they haven't seen each other in a long time. I was not included in the conversation as they faced each other and talked so that I couldn't hear; I stared at the TV in the background running all the sports scores across the bottom. 

Finally, Anne brought me back to the conversation. "Mike." She touched my arm to make sure she had my attention. I admit that it was easy to get wrapped up in ESPN. "Jenny is moving here and is staying in the hotel across the street. She doesn't have a place to live yet, but is looking. I told her that we have a guest room and she was welcome to it. It would save her some money and we could catch up on the last ten years. We don't have anything else going on, do we?"

I smiled. Sounded like it was a done deal. "No, that's fine. She's pretty easy on the eyes, so I don't have a problem with it." I winked at them.

My wife laughed and turned to Jenny. "Don't mind him. He's a big flirt, but harmless."

I chuckled. "Thanks... I think."

We coordinated when to pick her up at her hotel and then left the bar together. We went straight to her hotel since she decided to leave it tonight and not worry about the fact that she had already paid for it. We all went back to our house and I plopped in front of the TV to watch sports while they caught up on the last 10 years while sitting in the kitchen over wine. We finally went to bed around midnight.

"So that wasn't so bad, was it Anne?"

She turned and smiled. "It was really nice to see her again."

"You realize that you've never told me anything about college and your roommates. Why?"

She glanced away and I could see she was uncomfortable. "Nothing interesting there, that's all. Same as any college student, just tried to work my way thru college and get the degree so I could get on with my real life."

I knew there was more there. Was she really wild in college and embarrassed about it? Did she just want to keep it from me? I wasn't sure. "Honey." I took her by the arms and turned her to me. "If there's anything you ever want to talk about, you can tell me. Anything, okay?"

She looked me right in the eyes. "I know. I love you."

"I love you, too, okay? I always will. Nothing you can say will change that."

She hugged me hard. "I know." She didn't say anything else. She just let me go and went into the bathroom to finish getting ready for bed.

Over the next couple of weeks, I found out that Jenny had not graduated. She had finished about 10 credits shy of what she needed and never went back to finish it. I tried to ask her why, but she talked around it. She was not going to tell me that. I guess it was too personal.

One Thursday, I arrived home from work a little earlier than expected and walked into the kitchen, entering from the garage. My wife Anne was sitting at the table in her robe with wet hair. Jenny was standing at the stove, cooking something while wearing what appeared to be nothing but a long t-shirt. I stopped and stared for a second. 

My wife looked up at me and then followed my gaze to Jenny as I came in, but didn't say anything about it. "Hey, hon, how was your day?" 

"Fine." I looked over at her. "You just take a shower?" I put my laptop bag on the floor.

"Yeah, I wanted a hot shower when I got home." I looked up to see her and Jenny exchanging a look that I couldn't quite place. Something odd was going on. There was definitely tension in the room.

"Okay." I hesitated for a second. "I'll go change clothes. Can I talk to you for a second upstairs, Anne?" I headed for the stairs.

"Sure." She followed me and we went up to the master bedroom. 

As soon as she closed the door for me to change I had to ask the question.  "What's going on?"

"What do you mean?" 

She looked like a little kid who had been caught stealing a candy bar. Now I was really confused. "Don't be coy. I come home and you've been in the shower, Jenny is wearing only a t-shirt, and the tension in the room was palpable. I barely know her and I've never seen her dressed like that. What's really going on?"

I couldn't put my finger on anything particular, I just had a bad feeling and a shiver ran up my spine. I just didn't know how and what to ask. We had never had secrets from each other that I was aware of and I thought our marriage was probably more stable than most. I had always heard from others about the minor problems their marriages had, and ours were more miniscule than that. "C'mon. Something's going on here. I can feel the tension and could see the look you two exchanged."

She looked at me and I could see her relax a little. "You could always read me too well." Suddenly her normal smile was back. I couldn't tell what she was thinking, but her answer and the way she said it relaxed me, too. "Well, Jenny found a job and a place to live. It's not in a bad part of town, but not in a very good part either. She doesn't make much money and I'm worried about her. I told her what I thought, but she wouldn't listen so we had a little spat. I wanted her to keep looking and told her she could stay here, but she wouldn't hear of it. I took a shower to cool off and relax."

"You want me to discuss this with her or leave it alone?"

"Just leave it alone. She's made up her mind. She's already signed the lease and is moving in this weekend."

"Does she need any help?"

"A little. It's furnished, so she just needs to do some shopping for some new linens and a few other things. I'll help her with that and then we can all help her put the place together, okay?"

I realized that I was breathing a little hard. The idea of secrets between me and her had been bothering me more than I realized. I started changing clothes for dinner. Anne just sat there and watched.

Once I was dressed, Anne came up to me and gave me a big hug. "I love you, honey, you know that, right?"

I looked down at her small, cute face. "Yes, of course I know that. I love you, too." I reached down and put both my hands on her ass, feeling that she had nothing on under the robe. I started slowly pulling it up as I kneaded her ass. "Maybe we have time to play a little before dinner is ready?"

She laughed and started pushing on my chest. "Not a chance, big boy. It will be ready in 10 minutes. Now quit molesting me."

"Is it possible to molest your wife? I don't think so." I teased her as I continued to play with her ass.

She giggled and went up on her toes to give me a quick kiss. "I know you. You want to make me go nuts and get loud so Jenny will hear us." I grinned at her and she poked me. "You are a bad, bad man."

"That's why you love me."

She giggled. "No, I love you in spite of that!" But she didn't leave. Instead she put her hand on my rapidly swelling manhood and squeezed. "I think you are very bad – and I want you to be a bad boy, just a very good bad boy." She dropped her robe.

I put my hands on her ass and picked her up to take her to the bed. She wrapped her legs around me. 

"Oh, Mike, have I ever told you how much I love sex with you?"

"Yes – but you can tell me again... and again!" I teased her with my words and my dick as I rubbed it against her crotch.

"Mmmm. I love having sex with you."

I cut short her words with a big kiss. She groaned and kept grinding her crotch against mine.

I pulled back and ripped off my clothes. I was so fucking horny and in a hurry. She recognized it and fed off it.

"To hell with foreplay my bad boy, just take me now!" She held her arms and legs up and out, inviting me in and putting her sex rudely on display. 

I obliged and buried myself in her. God was she hot! "Honey, you're like a furnace!"

She smiled with her eyes closed. "That's because you start a fire in me." She grinned at the bad pun, but it didn't change the thrusting we were doing. I rose up off her and slowly stroked in and out while reaching up to thumb her nipples. She groaned. "Suck them, please!"

I decided to tease a little more. "Suck what, baby?"

"My nipples, suck on them, ravage them, I need your mouth on my tits!"

She was becoming much more vocal this last year and I loved it. I latched onto her right nipple and kept slowly fucking her. She started thrusting up at me hard, rubbing herself against me, trying to get the friction and pounding in the right spot. I obliged and plunged into her, holding myself buried deep in her. I then rotated my hips and rubbed my pubic bone across her clit.

She started whispering at this point. "Mmmm. I love your dick deep inside my cunt. Can you feel me flex my muscles? Hmmm. Can you feel how close I am to cumming? Keep sucking on my nipples and fuck me hard. I need it hard! C'mon, honey, fuck me!"

I didn't need any further prompting and I pummeled her. She gave out little grunts each time I bottomed out, and then finally had her orgasm. She came hard and clutched my head and pulled my hips in with her legs. She kept me there and then released and clutched, released and clutched, as she went thru her orgasm. I pulled up and watched her look of concentration as she did that. Her mouth was slightly open and her eyes closed. I could feel her trembling and see the furrow in her brow that she got when she was concentrating on something real hard. All of this and her tightly clutching muscles sent me over the edge. She was just starting to relax when I pulled back and thrust hard, making our pubic bones smash into each other and started pumping my cum into her. I pumped hard several times and then collapsed onto her. She let me lay there, her legs still around me as we both relaxed and caught our breath. 

Finally, she whispered in my ear. "I love you more than I can say or prove." 

I pulled back and looked at her. She had a smile on her face and I kissed her. "How did I ever get so lucky?"

As our breathing returned to normal she looked over at the clock. She relaxed her legs and I was getting up when she laughed. "That only took 9 minutes. Good job, my bad boy!" 

"Glad you liked it." I started getting dressed. 

Anne put on her robe and swatted me on the ass as she left. "Very good, my bad boy!" She scampered away from me before I could swat her back.

Dinner went fine and the tension seemed to be gone from between Anne and Jenny. 

Later that week, Anne and Jenny went shopping and then we all went over to see her new place. It was new to her, but not exactly a new place. It was just on the edge of where things were bad, but some of the area had been reclaimed recently as the neighborhood was trying to make a turnaround. I put up the new curtains as the two of them arranged everything in Jenny's bedroom and bathroom. We bought some initial groceries and then opened a bottle of wine to celebrate.

Over the next couple of weeks, Anne and Jenny got together one night a week to continue to renew their friendship. Anne told me that Jenny had just been drifting around, working enough odd jobs to be able to get by since she never finished her degree. Anne was concerned for Jenny and I could see it in the way she talked about her. I was a little surprised since I had never heard anything about Jenny in all the years that we had been together. I guess, like many, they went their own way after school and lost contact.

Over the next few of months, we had Jenny over every couple of weeks and Anne saw her a lot during the week as well. I had my basketball and bowling buddies and was glad to see Anne had a close friend to share her interests with. She had not had a regular 'shopping' partner, as she put it, and was glad that she had gotten reacquainted with Jenny.

It was just after Christmas that things seemed to get tense between the two. I noticed that they were not calling each other all the time and Anne seemed a little distracted and irritable. I had to ask her one day.

"Anne, what's going on between you and Jenny?"

She had been working on a crossword puzzle as we relaxed one Sunday morning and her head jerked up quickly. "What? What are you talking about?" She was quick and short.

"I'm just asking because you two seem to be a little upset with each other right now."

She slumped into her chair. "I know. Sorry."

"Sorry for what? It doesn't directly affect me, but I hate to see you upset and unhappy. You two had been getting along famously and I thought it was good for you to have a close friend from school again. Is there anything I can do?"

"No." She didn't offer any explanation, just the one word answer and went back to her puzzle. 

I dropped the subject and decided to tread lightly there. They were definitely having some problems. I got up and started getting ready to go down the basement to do some work we needed in the storeroom when Anne looked up at me. 

"You know I love you, right?"

I smiled. "Yes, I know. I love you, too." I kissed her on the forehead and went down the basement. 

As I was working in the storeroom, the timing of those words kept coming back to me. What was that about? Did she just feel bad because she was so curt? That had to be it. She was just sorry that she was uncommunicative about her and Jenny and so short with me. I loved the woman so I decided that the best thing to do was to take her out to a nice dinner. 

After I finished in the basement I called our favorite seafood restaurant and made a reservation for two. I then went up to our bedroom where Anne was just out of the shower. She was standing there in just a towel, brushing her hair. I stood at the doorway and looked at her. She was not a classic beauty in most people's eyes, but she was still a beautiful woman. She had bright blue eyes, light brown hair that had been blonde when she was a child, a very nice straight nose, and a smile that lit up her face and could brighten even my worst day. It was what always got me out of a funk when I'd had a bad day at work. I could always count on her commiserating with me on my work problems and then she'd smile. She'd say she loved me and the weight would immediately lift from my shoulders. I couldn't stay mad at some minor thing that would work itself out when I had the love of this woman. She was also caring, a good lover, and nice to everyone she knew. I still couldn't figure out how I got so lucky.

She finally noticed me standing there and turned to me. She smiled one of those smiles. "How long have you been standing there?"

"Just a couple of minutes."

"Why are you staring at me?"

"Because you are the most beautiful woman in the world and I just love watching you."

I could see the tears forming in her eyes. She lowered her head and looked at the floor. I walked over and hugged her. "What is it, honey? Am I too sappy?" I chuckled.

She lifted her head and wiped the tears that had started falling down her face. "No, I just can't believe how lucky I am to have someone who cares for me so much."

I hugged her and hummed. "Mmmmm. That's the exact same thing I was saying to myself. I'm the lucky one."

She looked up at me, her eyes searching mine, moving back and forth from my left eye to my right. The tears were brimming again. "Will you love me always and forever?" The words almost got stuck in her throat.

"Always. Forever."

She buried her head in my shoulder and wrapped her arms around me. She hugged me fiercely. Was I misreading something or was she upset about something. Jenny?

"Are you okay, honey? You seem a little emotional. Does it have to do with Jenny?"

She looked up at me and started wiping her eyes again. It was good that she had not started putting on makeup yet.  "No, it's just that my period is starting and my hormones have been all over the place the last couple of cycles." She sniffled and reached for a Kleenex. "I'll be fine." She blew her nose and I stood there, knowing that there was more. I could read her like a book after 10 years. But I figured it was between her and Jenny and she would tell me if she wanted me to know. She looked up at me. "Do you need to use the shower?" 

I leaned over and kissed her lightly. "Yes... and... I'm taking you to dinner tonight."

She looked up at me. "Oh! I forgot to tell you, I called Jenny and she wants to have dinner tonight. Maybe we can get past our latest fight."

"Do you want me to make the reservation for three?"

She looked at me and then somewhat sheepishly asked me. "Do you mind if it's just Jenny and me tonight? We had a fight and I know she and I need to clear the air. Can we do that another time?"

I smiled. "Of course. Listen, I made the reservation for 7pm for two. Why don't you two go and enjoy it. I know you love that place."

"You sure you don't mind?"

I kissed her again. "No, not at all. I'll find something to do. After all, there's always a sport on a channel somewhere."

She laughed a little, but I could tell her heart wasn't in it. I guess the fight that she and Jenny had was pretty bad. She was really in a funk. "Okay, I'll call her and we'll go there." She leaned up and kissed me again. "Thank you. You are such a great husband." 

"Thanks. Now if you don't want to get all steamed up, you'd better go into the bedroom to put on your makeup. I'm going to take a long hot shower."

"Okay." She turned and left.

I watched her ass wiggle as she left. Damn! My wife was hot!

The next couple of weeks were a little hectic at work and I was consumed with it. Finally, after a new software application delivery was out the door, I was able to relax. I got home around 6pm and Anne was not home. She usually told me if she was going to be late, so I figured she was just running behind. I changed clothes and was back downstairs watching TV when I realized it was 7pm. That was odd because it was a Thursday, so I called her on her cell. She picked up immediately.
