 “What on earth had she been thinking?” 

The question was one that had plagued her with increasing frequency as she came to the understanding that sex was something that she couldn’t get enough of. She couldn’t even begin to fathom why she had felt, well, indifferent, about sex all these years, but it seemed as though the minute she turned 32, the hormones started kicking into overdrive and all she could think about was how next to satisfy her pussy. It didn’t have to be all out intercourse or even having an orgasm for her to be sexually satisfied--a phenomenon that still baffled her husband. She just wanted to envelope herself in all things sexual. And one of those things, much to hubby’s delight, was sucking cock.  

Rae couldn’t believe that it had taken her so long to realize how much she enjoyed having her husband’s dick in her mouth. For the life of her she couldn’t imagine why he used to have to ask her to suck on it. There was no other feeling like this in the world--total supplication to a prick. 

Who knew?  

His moan brought her out of her trance. She was kneeling in front of him, totally focused on the task at hand, licking the tip of his hard-on with slow wet strokes. He gripped her hair and lifted her head so that he could look into her eyes as she took more of him into her hot moist mouth. He groaned and the desire reflected in his eyes made her feel both like a goddess and a slut. She closed her eyes and tried to picture what she looked like to him at this moment. 

In her mind’s eye she saw his two hands gripping her hair as her head moved up and down his prick. She saw herself pull back to run her tongue around the crown and into his slit, her hand sliding easily up and down his shaft. She could see her breasts swaying as she stroked him and she began to understand why there were times when he had to fuck her tits. They were full and soft with large brown areolas and hard nipples and they looked absolutely voluptuous. 

She moaned as she took him deeper into her mouth and the vibrations caused him to grip her hair tightly as he began to move his hips.  His voice was raw with lust as he hissed, “Oh god Rae, that’s it baby, suck me.”

She felt beautiful and wanton and sexy and totally desirable. She basked in his moans and thrusts. At that moment, she felt like she had been placed on earth to worship his cock and she intended to be the perfect supplicant. She relaxed and swallowed the next time he thrust into her mouth. She could feel the head hit the back of her throat and she grabbed his hips to hold him in place. He was startled at first but as soon as he realized what she was doing he stroked her hair and whispered his encouragement.

“That’s it angel, take all of me.” His breath hitched as she took him deeper and he could feel her throat closing around his head. He moaned softly and couldn’t help thrusting his hips. 

“Come on lover, take me deeper. You know I belong there. Let me in.” He didn’t quite finish his command before he felt her shift the angle of her head and his prick slid all the way down her throat. They had been together for 15 years and this was the first time that she had deep-throated all eight inches of him. The realization caused her to moan and he felt the vibrations shoot through his entire body.  Incredibly, he seemed to grow harder. He growled in pleasure and placed his hands firmly on the back of her head. 

“I knew you could do it my little cock-sucker.”  He also knew that his language and control would only cause her to become more aroused so he held himself deep in her throat a moment longer before he pulled out into the seemingly vast cavern of her extremely juicy mouth. She gasped for breath but never lost contact with his cock. He looked down at her and a surge of lust ripped through him as he realized that she was rubbing her pussy as she sucked him. God, he couldn’t believe that this wanton sexual being was his wife. 

He had waited so long for her to realize that she was the slut he always knew her to be, so long that he had honestly given up on the idea of having a more than average sex life. And yet within the last year she had accepted and taken control of her pleasure and he had begun to hope again. Her tongue seemed to be all over his cock at once and the wet slurping noises she was making only heightened his desire to come. He inhaled deeply to control his urge to shoot in her mouth and could smell her arousal. Yes, this was what he had been waiting for and it was better than he had ever imagined.  

He placed his hands on her head and began to control her movements. “I’m going to use your mouth and throat to make myself come now my slut.”

Her moan and rapid hand movements told him she accepted his command and he began thrusting into her. Each thrust was a little deeper and he could feel himself making the journey deep down into her throat. Every time he was fully embedded and could feel her nose on his crotch, she would swallow and massage his entire shaft. It was so tight and wet and warm he knew he wasn’t going to last long so he gave into his lust. 

He growled deep in his throat, gripped her hair tightly, and began to earnestly fuck her mouth. It seemed as if all of his senses were on overload--the feeling of her tongue massaging the underside of his cock, their moans of pleasure reverberating throughout the room, the smell of her arousal so strong that he swore he could taste it, the sight of her kneeling before him totally intent on making him come--it was all too much. He was on the verge of a massive orgasm just barely holding back in order to make it all last a little longer and then it happened, she pulled her head off of him and looked up into his face.

“I’m going to come.” She wailed.

He gasped, grabbed her head and drove his prick down her willing throat. “Come now, angel.”  He felt her moan and it caused both of their bodies to vibrate. Watching her come as she had his entire length down her throat made him light headed and when he felt one of her fingers gently stroking his ass he moaned loudly. It was slick with her juices and slid easily over his puckered hole.  

She felt his balls tighten up against his body and could feel his dick expanding, getting ready to give her what she had only recently begun to crave. She gently inserted her finger into his ass and immediately began sucking as she stroked him from the inside. 

“Fuck me” he moaned as he jerked his hips forward and felt his come explode up his shaft and into her willing throat. His toes curled, his knees buckled, and he actually saw stars--he was either having a stroke or the most intense orgasm of his life--he wasn’t sure which yet. 

She swallowed and kept gently sucking his still pulsing rod as she pulled back and held just the crown with her pursed lips. She closed her eyes and moaned as spurt after spurt filled her mouth. She couldn’t remember the last time he had come so much.  

When he finally couldn’t stand her continuous stimulation anymore, he grabbed her hair and pulled her off of his still amazingly stiff penis. She reluctantly withdrew but as she did, she looked up at him and with a sultry smile opened her mouth. He could see his come sitting on her tongue and could only stare in amazement as she tilted her head back and swallowed his seed. 

“Yummy…” she said as she licked her lips for any stray drops.  

He grabbed her arms and dragged her up his body and gave her a deep kiss that allowed him the opportunity to explore her mouth with his tongue. He could taste his come and felt his cock twitch when he thought about her desire for it to be there.  

He moved her to the bed and pushed her down onto her back. He was standing between her thighs and when he looked down he could see her pussy. She had clean-shaven lips and he was surprised at how open and wet she was. He gently cupped her mound as he looked hungrily into her eyes and whispered, “I can’t wait for you to taste yourself on my lips.”