 The day did not start well. It was 9AM and I was in the office of Dr. Liu, my graduate advisor, sitting through yet another dressing down. My dissertation proposal was going poorly, and I had just turned in yet another underdeveloped draft. My advisor was fairly nice about it, but it didn't make things any easier. She was fairly easy on the eyes, at least, which meant that these meetings weren't all bad. I may be an enlightened male member of the liberal academia, but what guy wouldn't get a little turned on looking at that exotic face, framed by that short black hair, that tight, petite little body in a short skirt, perky little breasts framed by a tight blouse...

"Why are you spending so much time looking at those things?"

I snapped back into focus, a bit of a blush rising to my face.

"What do you mean?"

"For your research -- you should be focusing on finding more primary sources and including your own original ideas, but you keep slavishly citing from secondary sources instead. If you want to get published you need to come up with something more original"

My advisor stared me down over the top of her rimmed glasses, her almond eyes intently watching me.

"I expected better of you Mark - the papers you wrote for the classes you took with me were excellent. What's changed?"

"It's been a rough semester."

"How so?"

"It's no excuse."

"Mark, I was a grad student too not all that long ago. I know it can be rough -- maybe I can give you some advice"

She sat back in her chair and crossed her arms below her chest. As upset as I was, I couldn't help noticing the hint of cleavage revealed by her blouse.

"Well, it's the usual. Teaching too many classes to try to pay the rent, that sort of thing, but I could handle that.

Last month, though, my girlfriend broke up with me. That's what really messed me up. I thought she was the one."

I put my head in my hands, dejectedly.

"Valerie? The girl you brought to the reception for the first year students?"

"Yeah, her"

"I'm sorry to hear that. I had a bad break-up in grad school too. You can't let it affect your work, though."

I rubbed my hands back through my hair, trying to think of how to explain my situation.

"Dr. Liu, it's more than just a 'bad breakup'. We'd been together since my senior year of high school, and she didn't just dump me, she humiliated me."

She looked at me quizzically.

"I'm not sure you'd want to know. It's rather personal."

"Mark, you've been my advisee for five years. You've done research work for me, you've house-sat for me - I think we're beyond that, and you need to talk with someone and get this off your chest."

I felt my face flush. This wasn't the sort of story that you told your female advisor and still maintained a professional relationship. But, she was practically forcing me to tell her, and damn it, I just didn't care at this point. Whatever happened, happened, I figured. At worst, she'd at least have to pity me enough to give me another extension.

"Well, like I said, we'd been together since high school, but it's always been a long distance relationship..." I looked away, nervous to say what was to come, "and, this is going to sound weird, but you need to know to understand -- we had an open relationship."

Dr. Liu's eyes widened a bit.

"Oh."

"Yeah, it was...do you really want to know this?" I stuttered.

"Yes, go on," she said, giving me an unexpectedly intense look.

"Okay, well, the agreement was that we could, you know, fool around with other people, as long as it was just physical -- but the emotional stuff, that could only be between us.

At first it was okay. I got some on the side, she got some on the side, we talked about it -- but like two years ago she told me she was ready to stop, that it wasn't working out."

Liu leaned back in her chair and crossed her legs.

"So what was the problem?"

"Well, she wasn't exactly lying -- she didn't want to fuck around anymore."

"So?"

"She wanted to be exclusive"

Liu sat forward and uncrossed her legs, put her elbows on the desk and rested her hands in them, looking at me with a puzzled glance.

"But that's good, isn't it..?"

"Exclusive with another guy"

"Oh."

"But she didn't have the guts to tell me -- so she kept on with me like we were exclusive, and told him that she had broken up with me and that they were exclusive."

"Oh dear."

"Yeah. Then early last year she told me she wanted to stop having sex for a while because she wanted to make sure we were serious -- but she just wanted to take the pressure off so she could spend more time with him.

Then about a month ago she calls me up and gives me the 'we've got to talk' talk, and that was that."

Liu sat back and crossed her legs again. She seemed to be thinking.

"Mark...wow...I don't know what to say."

"Yeah. I know, it's been awful. I dedicated six years of my life to her, and she just fucked me over like...oh, shit, err, sorry, I shouldn't have said it like that."

"Mark, it's okay. I can see why you've been off lately," she uncrossed her legs and leaned forward again, "but you should be able to get over this. Move on..."

"It's not that easy. Do you know how hard it is to meet people when you're teaching two courses plus trying to write?"

She abruptly leaned back and crossed her legs again. What the hell? I thought, that's like the fourth time she did that.

"I want to get out and meet someone, but I just don't feel like I have the time, especially when I'm trying to finish this paper."

Liu sat and looked at me. I didn't know what else to say, but she wasn't talking either. I had expected some kind of sympathetic response - really, I hoped for an extension, but I would have settled for a "Sorry to hear that, better luck next time". This extended pause, though -- it was strange.

"Mark..." Liu's face seemed...it was pale and flush at the same time, if that was possible. Her voice was lower, softer than I expected. "Mark, I have a proposal to make."

"Look, I shouldn't be doing this, but I think we can help each other out."

I sat back in the chair, somewhat startled.

"Close the door. My office hours are over and we should talk about this in private."

I reached back and shut the door.

"Mark, look, we're both adults here, and when you mentioned you were in an open relationship it made me think..."

I felt a bit of a stir in my groin. Was she really about to say what I thought she was?

"...it made me realize that you probably have the same ideas about sex that I do."

Yep, she was. Woah

"I just got out of a relationship too. It's been a while and I just want to forget him and move on, but you know my schedule, I'm busier than you are.

And how can a professor date in a college town? You can't go to bars -- your ungrads are all over the place."

I nodded in agreement, still a bit shellshocked.

"This can't be anything more than physical, but I know you're responsible, and you know I'll be discreet -- my job depends on it.

I can get you out of your funk, and you can get me out of mine."

She finished, and sat there, looking vulnerable and even a bit frightened of what my answer would be. I only thought about it a moment (hey, it had been almost a year since I got laid, give me a break!), then I leaned across the desk and with my hand pulled her mouth to mine, and kissed her deeply.

At first she hesitated -- just a bit. Then she let me pull her to me. Her tongue slipped between my lips, softly tangling with mine. We kissed like this, desk between us, for a few long minutes. Then she broke away.

"Are you sure you want to do this?" I asked, having some second thoughts and thinking perhaps she was as well.

She slid her hand down under her skirt's waistband, down into her crotch. I stood transfixed.

"What do you think?" Her dark eyes smoldered as she slid her hand back out, her finger glistening with her wetness. She reached across the desk and placed it on my lower lip. I could smell her scent. The musky odor released something primal in me and my cock sprung to full attention. She slid her finger into my mouth and I tasted her, and wanted more.

Almost at the same moment we started moving to get around the desk. I grabbed her by the waist and pulled her up into my arms, and she wrapped her legs around me and I held her as we kissed again. I moved my hands to her tight little ass to support her, pressing her against my body as our tongues again intertwined. I hiked up the back of her skirt and massaged her cheeks as we kissed, griding her crotch against the rise of my cock pressing out against my jeans. As my hands worked their way down her ass and towards her thighs I could feel the heat coming from her center. As my fingers met the fabric of her panties, I pushed them aside and felt the wetness of her lips. As I touched them she clenched her legs around me and renewed her attack on my mouth.

I spun around, still holding her, and sat her down on the edge of her desk. As I pulled away, she moaned, first in longing, then more incessantly as I ran my hand up under her skirt and began to rub her wet pussy through her sheer white panties. As I rubbed her we continued to kiss, but with her hands free she reached down and pulled up her blouse. We broke the kiss, and I stood back to watch her pull of her bra to reveal her perfect, pert little breasts, topped by two rock hard little nubbins. She gave me a rather salacious look, then pulled her legs up and together and slid of her panties.

She dropped them to the floor and spread her legs open, revealing her wet, sticky mound, covered with a soft but matted layer of fine black hair. 

Taking the invitation, I kneeled down and began kissing my way up her right thigh, inching closer and closer to her hot wetness. As I neared her lips, I switched sides and began again at her left knee. As I moved from one side to the other, she sighed.

"You tease...give me your tongue," her hands went to the back of my head and she pulled my mouth towards her wet lips, glistening with her juices.

I gave up on the tease and dove in, attacking her clit with my tongue, manipulating it side to side, then quickly sucking it, just for a moment, before running my tongue up and down her slit, tasting her wetness. Moving back to her clit with my lips, I slid a finger into her depths, feeling the warm lubrication as I gently explored her. 

"Mark, I can't wait anymore...fuck me...I need it, please."

Who was I to say no?

I disrobed in almost record time, and approached her as she sat, legs splayed apart, on her desk. It was the perfect height - as I walked up to her my cock was obviously on a collision course with her juicy little love hole. As I closed in, she laid back, resting her weight on her hands. With her ass on the desk, she reached out with her legs and pulled me in towards her. My cock bumped up against her mound, and she gasped. I could feel the warmth and the wetness -- the tip of my cock was covered with just a brush. I reach down and grabbed my cock, intent not to be rushed. I slowly rubbed the head up her crack, starting at the entrance to her depths, but rather than going in, just brushing the lips, then moving upwards, rubbing my head against her clit.

The moment my cock head touched her nub, she arched her back, straining to pull me in. I resisted, slowly rubbing my cock up and down, getting it lubed up and ready to go... Finally, I rubbed down one last time, as if to just tease again, then slid home, between her swollen lips, deep into her tight little cunt. She moaned again, a deep, guttural moan, and pulled me as deep as I could go. I could feel her squeezing tightly around me -- she was clearly on a hair trigger, and so was I. It was all I could do not to cum then and there, but I tried to control myself. I slowly pulled out, but she pulled me back in again.

"Fuck me, Mark, fuck me."

"I'm going to cum..."

"I don't care, I want it. Fuck me."

Screw it, I thought. I pumped her, hard, deep, and fast, pounding her into the desk as she wrapped her lithe legs around my ass and pulled me to her. Two strokes, three strokes...I felt it building in my groin, in my balls -- that feeling of tension, that you're going to burst...

"I"m cumming..."

"Shit, shit, I'm so close, fuck me, fuck me."

I pulled out, slammed back in, and released. I felt a thick rope of cum shoot out of my cock, felt that weakness in my knees, that urge to go deeper. I pressed myself as deep as I could into her depths, straining, cumming, feeling her cum too, tightening around my cock, her legs squeezing around my ass, her head thrust back, her eyes shut tight...

Spent, I collapsed on top of her, kissing her neck, then tenderly brushing her hair out of her face. She was flushed, looking slightly embarrassed, but with a cute little grin.

"Mark."

"Yes?"

"Do you feel inspired to get back to work now?"

I grinned back, "Things are looking up."