 Chris Everwood leaned back in his chair and stared out the window of Fullerton College. Chris loved his job mainly because this was a school for girl's only and had strict rules to keep the students in line. This saved him from a lot of stress and provided an excellent view a majority of the time.

It was the first class of the semester, a new group of incoming girls for Chris to teach and gaze at of course. He watched as the girls began to enter his classroom and immediately noticed one girl in particular. Her name was Sara; she was 18 and had long dark hair and a very nice body. She was 5'1'' with a perfect 36 C chest and curves in all the right places. She was wearing the regulation school uniform, a knee length grey skirt that all the girls loved to move higher, a white top that buttoned down the front and white knee highs.

It was going to be a hard class to get through with Sara sitting right in the front row. As Chris lectured the class he tried not staring too much at Sara but with the extra buttons she had left open it was a tough feat. Little did he know that Sara would be harder to handle then he could ever imagine.

After class was over Chris made it a point to speak with Sara about her attire. "Sara could you stay for a minute, I'd like to speak with you."

"Sure, what's up?" Sara questioned.

Chris walked over and closed the door after the other students left the room. "Sara you know we have strict rules here." Chris said.

"Umm I know what am I doing wrong?" She asked.

After a short pause Chris said, "You... need to finish buttoning your shirt."

"Why, what's wrong with it," Sara shot back.

"Sara, you just need to follow the rules," Chris said as he sat down in his chair behind his desk. "Please take a seat Sara," he continued.

She walked over and promptly sat on his desk. Chris looked at her wide eyed as she spoke, "There is nothing wrong with my shirt, that's a dumb rule and I hate these buttons they are impossible to work."

"Maybe you can help me with the buttons," Sara remarked as she innocently parted her thighs and gave Chris a view of her not so innocent black lacy thong.

Dumbfounded Chris snapped back to attention and stated, "You just need to follow the rules or punishment may be required. "What are you going to do spank me?" she snapped.

Before he could speak she hopped off the desk and flipped the back of her skirt up at Chris. "Come on, spank my ass," She said while shaking her ass in his face.

Chris could not help but stare at her perfect ass wondering what he should do. Sooner than he could speak Sara grabbed one of his hands and placed it on her ass. His hand lingered a little too long while he tried to think of something to say.

Finally he moved his hand away and spoke, "That's not necessary pull that skirt down now!" Chris tried to look away as Sara turned around to face him, letting her skirt fall back into place.

"Well I guess my shirt is fine then," she said with a snicker. "No its not..." Chris repeated himself.

Undoing another button Sara said, "This is too many buttons, look you can see my bra now." She moved closer to give him a better view and all he could do was stare. Smiling she said, "I think you like my shirt better like this don't you?"

Chris felt himself becoming aroused and tried to hide the fact behind his desk. His effort did not go unnoticed and Sara moved closer letting another button come open. Chris could clearly see her bra now with only 2 buttons left done on her shirt. Sara leaned forward on his desk to make sure he got a good look. There eyes met and again she took his hand, this time placing it on her bra covered breasts.

She felt Chris start to squeeze her breast and released her grip on his hand. Chris slid his chair back and opened the last two buttons on her shirt, never taking his eyes off of her. Sara slipped her shirt off and straddled his lap, causing her skirt to ride up. She started to grind down against him and felt what he had been hiding.

She grabbed him by his tie and pulled him in for a long deep kiss which he eagerly returned. He could feel his heart begin to beat faster, his hands moving down her sides to her hips then back up her body feeling her soft skin. Sara continued to rub up against him while she slipped his tie off and started to unbutton his white dress shirt.

"Now who has too many buttons undone," she said with a smile.

Chris only responded by grabbing her by her hips and pulling her body down tight against his. With a quick tug the remaining buttons on his shirt flew off, allowing her to take it off him. She lightly raked her nails down his chest and stomach while they kissed passionately. Chris started to suck on the tip of her tongue only driving her wilder.

Quickly he found the button on her skirt and popped it open. Sara's skirt fell to the floor leaving her in just her white knee highs, white bra and a very skimpy black thong. Chris lifted her up onto his desk and eyed over her beautiful body. Sara could not wait though; she had to have him inside of her now. She tugged his black dress pants down which he quickly stepped out of. Sara licked her lips while she looked at the impressive bulge he had growing for her in his boxers.

Slowly she pulled his boxers down and his hard cock sprang into view. She took it into her hand and began to stroke him lightly. Chris moaned softly, his legs becoming weak from Sara's expert touch. She moved her hand up and down, concentrating on the very tip of his cock.

Sara continued to rub the tip of his cock while he reached back and unhooked her bra. Chris slipped her bra off and tossed it into the growing pile of their clothes. He groaned loudly as she started to stroke him harder and faster, pre-cum began to drip out the tip of his cock. Chris kissed down her neck then down along her shoulder and finally along her breasts. Reluctantly Sara leaned back enjoying the feel of his lips on her breasts. Chris sucked long and hard on one of her nipples nearly causing Sara to fall onto the desk.

"Oh Chrissssssss..." Sara gasped. With a barely audible gasp she said, "I want you inside of me now..."

That was all the encouragement Chris needed. He hooked his thumbs in the waistband of her thong and tugged them down quickly after she lifted her hips off the desk. They both moaned in unison as his cock brushed against her pussy for the first time. Chris slowly rocked his hips into Sara causing his cock to press against her clit.

This made Sara lose it and she pushed against him making the tip of his cock slide inside of her. She threw her head back in pleasure and slowly he slid his full length into her tight pussy. Sara dug her nails into his back feeling his cock fill her up. 

Slowly Chris pumped his cock in and out of her pussy while kissing her sweet lips some more. Sara responded by wrapping her legs around his waist, helping him to slide even deeper inside of her. As he started to get into a steady rhythm he felt his cock begin to throb.

"Mmm, yes Chris fuck me, fuck me hard" Sara moaned.

His pace quickened, fucking her faster and faster making her breasts bounce. It was not enough for Sara however and she pushed him back into his chair. Climbing on his lap again she aimed his cock for her opening. She lowered herself down onto his aching cock and rode him hard.

Her breasts bounced in his face nearly causing him to cum. Sensing Chris was holding back she rode him harder and as fast as she could. He sucked on her bottom lip breathing heavily while she rode him. Chris grasped her hips and pushed her down hard making his cock press deep inside of her.

"Ohhh yes you feel so good inside of me," she breathed.

"Want to feel something even better?" he said with a sly grin.

Lifting her off his lap Sara knew just what he had in mind. She walked around and bent over his desk, motioning to him with her finger. Chris walked up behind her and pressed his cock into her once again. She was now very wet and he could feel his cock glide in and out fast and deep. Chris reached under her and grabbed her breasts, pulling himself deep into her pussy with each stroke. Chris was really fucking her hard now, his body slapping against her ass with each stroke. She could feel his cock throbbing inside of her and knew he had to be close.

"Cum for me Chris," she hissed.

That sent him over the edge, with one long hard stroke deep into her pussy he shuddered and exploded inside of her. Sara could feel his cock pulsing inside of her as shot after shot of his cum poured inside of her.

"Oh fuck Sara you're so tight," he sighed.

Sara gasped as he continued to pump in and out of her, his cum still shooting into her. Throwing her head back Sara's pussy started to contract around his cock.

"Oh Chris I'm cumming with you," she screamed.

Chris felt her cum around his cock and he felt his cock cum even more. He held her tight as they both recovered from their orgasms. Slowly Sara lifted herself off his cock and turned to give him another big kiss. As they continued kissing softly and she could feel cum slowly drip down her thigh.

"That was the best I have ever had," Chris said to her softly.

"Good," she said with a wink. "We should do this again sometime."

"Soon I hope," he responded, handing her thong to her.

They quickly dressed and she slipped out of the classroom unnoticed till next time.