 WARNING:

The following story is for the entertainment of ADULTS ONLY, and contains descriptions of explicit sex. If you are not an adult, or reading sex stories upset you, or you are offended by subjects of a sexual nature - do not read any further! 

This story is for entertainment only. It contains adult oriented material. This is a work of fiction. The acts and characters contained within are figments of my imagination and have no basis in fact. I do not practice, advocate, condone or encourage acts portrayed here. The characters in the story are entirely fictional. You need to believe that all of the characters are over the age of eighteen.

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without the written permission of the author. This story may be freely distributed with this notice attached.

* * * * * * * * * * 

A Harvey Marcus Retrospective: Who Loves Ya', Baby(sitter) 2

In a sudden delusion caused by two simultaneous synapses crossing each other, I thought, "Gee, wouldn't it be keen to tell the early stories of how I, Harvey Marcus, started screwing around with younger women?" Younger but legal. 

This is the second chapter of my second Official Retrospective. Our babysitter Alyssa learned that she was desirable. But for her mother Emily, that wasn't enough.

* * * * * * * * * *

Mom's Turn

"You're just going to have to do it again," said Emily Bollard. "This time, Alyssa must be satisfied. Do you have any condoms in the house?"

I shook my head.

"Well then we'll just have to be careful." Emily examined my wilting penis. "Now would be a good time to instruct Alyssa in oral sex, wouldn't you agree? It'll get you ready. Come close, my dear, and I'll coach you."

Emily Bollard had been an ineffective chaperone, from my perspective. Her daughter Alyssa, our current babysitter, had convinced her mother that it was okay for her to sit in my lap naked, rub my cock across her labia, and even stick it in. Actually, not just stick it in. A full in-and-out experience, which brought me to a climax, but not before letting Alyssa slip off my lap and onto the floor. Alyssa expressed disappointment that she hadn't reached orgasm, and her mother stuck up for her daughter.

"Do it again" was a clear communication. Next time, Alyssa's pleasure would come before mine, whether I came or not.

"Mrs. Bollard. Emily," I pleaded, "I came within a few seconds of impregnating your daughter." Instead, I had spurted all over her daughter's large breasts. "We should stop now before-"

"I will not subject my daughter to scorn from her male companions. She needs to know how to please them." Her arms were folded. "I'll coach her through the act of oral sex. You just sit there. And enjoy."

It was the first time Emily acknowledged she was familiar with oral sex and that I might be getting pleasure out of my intimacy with her daughter. Up to then, it as quite clinical, at least the way she had spoken about it when my cock was deep in her daughter's pussy. I sat back down on the couch, still naked. So was Alyssa. 

Emily waved her daughter in my direction. "Okay, go ahead."

Alyssa got on her knees between my legs and put her head tentatively over my wilted penis. "So what do I do, Momma?"

"Use your lips, not your teeth. A man's penis is very sensitive around the tip."

Alyssa's tongue licked at the head of my cock. "Is this right?"

"Look. His erection is returning."

Sure enough, my limp cock was getting pumped up. I was tempted to lift my hips and drive my cock deeper down Alyssa's throat, but I didn't want to scare the young woman or get her mother more pissed off.

"Put your lips around it and hum," Mrs. Bollard said.

I wondered how often Mrs. Bollard went down on her husband, the one who'd run off with his exciting secretary. Who also had big tits. 

My cock thickened at the proximity of Alyssa's tits, plus the pressure and the tickle of her mouth. If I hadn't emptied my balls a few minutes prior, I would have been on the verge of an eruption. "You're doing very well," I said.

"It's pretty obvious I think, but thank you for the verbal reinforcement." Emily was rubbing one breast, obviously turned on by our show. "I'm sure Alyssa appreciates it."

Alyssa hummed a "thank you." My hips jerked.

"That's probably enough, dear," said her mother.

Alyssa sat back, tits jiggling on her chest, staring at my fat, bloated cock. "It's ready and so am I."

"For what?" There had to be limits. "I'm not putting it inside you again. You're too young to get pregnant, and if we have sex, I won't be able to control myself."

Alyssa stood up, her pussy lips wet and inviting. I struggled to keep from reaching out and caressing her inner thigh, coaxing her onto my lap.

"We can't leave you like that," said Emily. "It's cruel."

Alyssa brightened. "I know. Mr. Marcus can have sex with you. Then I can learn by watching."

Emily's face got bright red. "Oh no! That would be completely inappropriate."

Alyssa approached her mother. "Daddy is gone, and I'm sure you have needs, right? Besides, you were okay with him having sex with me-"

"Reluctantly. Just for demonstration purposes."

Emily had been played by her daughter. "So, you'd be demonstrating too."

"I really don't think-"

I was thinking with my cock and not my brain. I was ready for sex, and young Alyssa was not a viable choice. Why not her mother? I joined in. "Emily, it's only fair."

It sounded like Emily hadn't been dating so her sexual needs should have been considerable. Besides she deserved something for letting me and her daughter go as far as we did. And I had the expectation that Alyssa would supervise us just as well as her mother had, maybe better.

Alyssa's tits swung as she motioned. "Go on, sit down next to him."

Emily sat close to me on the sofa. Without being asked, her hand returned to my cock. "It is very nice." Her hand raised and lowered. 

I put my hand on her exposed knee and slid my hand up the outside of her thigh. "Your skin is very smooth." I cupped one Bollard buttock. 

She leaned closer. I put my face in position and we kissed. A long firm kiss. Her hand moved more quickly. I pulled her closer until she had to straddle my thighs. I planted my hands on her ass and rubbed. "Oh Mr. Marcus."

"Call me Harvey."

I heard Alyssa unzip her mother's dress. When the material hung loose, I pulled the dress from her shoulders and down her arms. With the dress puddled at her waist, her modest breasts in a demure bra were exposed. Her arms surrounded my neck. I hugged her back. She moaned as we kissed, rubbing her crotch against my exposed penis. 

"Stand up, mother" Alyssa commanded. 

It took a moment for us to disengage. 

Alyssa pulled her mother's dress to the floor, leaving her in bra and panties. She had a nice build, just not as well endowed as her daughter. Still, my cock throbbed at the idea of picking up with mother what I'd started with daughter.

"I think we should go upstairs. To the bedroom." I stood, and the two women followed, our clothing gathered in Alyssa's arms.

In my bedroom, I took Emily in my arms, hugging her while caressing her shoulders, back and buttocks. Her head pulled away from my chest and approached my face for more kissing. My fingers worked the hooks on her bra. 

She flinched. "Don't! I'm too small."

I kissed her neck, down to her upper chest. I'd unlatched the hook. As her bra dropped, I flicked my tongue across her nipples. She blushed.

I dropped to my knees, pulling her panties down before she could react. She was naked, smelling like she was ripe for the taking. I placed my head at the junction of her thighs but she didn't make herself available. 

"Stand up. I want to taste your penis," she whispered.

My cock was throbbing, more than prepared. If I wasn't going to get oral, then she wouldn't either. "No need. I'm ready for the real thing."

Alyssa knew what I wanted. "Lay back on the bed," she directed her mother.

Emily did as she was told. This was my opportunity to taste her vaginal juices. I dived between her open thighs before she decided to close them. I ignored the stubble and went straight for her pussy, kissing and licking her labia, mouthing them with my lips. Emily was wet, all right. I scooted up and put my cock into position. "Put me in."

"What?"

"I said, put me in."

"Do as he asks, mother."

Emily rubbed my cock between her labia, pointed it at the right spot and angle and guided the head into the gap. I leaned forward, shifting my weight. My cock slid in.

"Oh, God, you're so big. Rodney was much smaller."

"We can take it slow." I was already past halfway in. Her pussy took my dick as well as her daughter's had. I was balls-deep with little effort. 

Emily writhed in reaction to my probing. "Oh God! You feel so good! I guess I was horny."

Maybe that's why she coached me to sex with her daughter, because she got a thrill watching us fuck. No need to imagine, with my cock rubbing her the right way. I maintained an even pace, slow and intentional, enjoying the massage of her cunt on my cock. "Glad to help a damsel in distress."

"Don't tease me. As long as we're doing this, I want to be fucked. Give me what you gave Alyssa."

"Yeah, Mr. Marcus, satisfy her."

So I did as they asked, pumping myself in and out, pressing my pubic bone against hers at full penetration. It dawned on me in mid-thrust that I was fucking a stranger in my marital bed. Oh well, Harriett and I weren't using it for that purpose.

Her hips undulated with my thrusts, the perfect human piston and cylinder combination. "I had no idea just how needy I was." 

Memories of Harriett's repetitive rejection of sexual relations pushed guilt from my mind as I repeatedly pushed my cock into Emily's welcoming pussy. 

She kissed me passionately. Was this relationship expanding past mere sex? "I never should have let you go that far with Alyssa-"

"Momma!"

"But in retrospect, I'm glad she had a caring lover as her first."

"I'm getting really excited here." Code for, 'I'm going to cum.' I nibbled a nipple. 

Emily's cunt tightened. "Do it. Fuck me! Fuck me like you mean it!"

I grabbed Emily's hips and leaned back, pulling her ass off the mattress. I manhandled her as if she was an inflatable doll, drilling my cock into her with vigor. "Like this?"

"Oh God! Oh God! I've never been fucked like this before!"

"See, Mom, I told you Mr. Marcus was awesome."

"You asked for it." I pumped non-stop. My cock tickled at the friction.

"You're going to make me cum. Shit, I'm going to have an-" She didn't finish the thought. She cried, real tears, sobbing through her convulsion.

I couldn't hold back, grunted and shot a somewhat smaller load of sperm up her pussy. I let her hips fall back, her legs splayed to the sides. Our combined sex juices leaked from her pussy.

"Wow! That was amazing!" She sucked her index finger, a sexy gesture. "I hope our next time is just as hot."

Was there going to be a next time? "So, was that a good demonstration?" I asked.

"Oh yes, Mr. Marcus, you two were awesome!" Alyssa bounced, her breasts wobbling.

Emily scooted back and leaned against the headboard, a pillow supporting her back. Her legs remained open. An invitation? "I'm still upset that Alyssa didn't have a mutual climax with you." She ran a finger up her slit and sampled the juices with her mouth. "But between your engagement and this demonstration, I think she'll be ready."

Did all parents want their female children schooled in sex with an older man in preparation for dating? This wasn't the first time I'd been called into service. "Okay, so we're done here?"

"Until I get fitted for a diaphragm or Mom puts me on birth control," said Alyssa.

Emily plucked her clothing from the pile next to the dresser. "If Mr. Marcus is willing, of course." She pulled up her panties and stretched behind her back to the latch her bra. "Although, you'll have to share him with me." She winked.

Did both of these women forget I was married to Harriett, even though my sex life with her was non-existent? "No promises," I said. After all, I had to show them I was still in control, even if I wasn't.

-

About a week later, I was backing out of a parking space at the local strip mall. I could have sworn I looked in all directions, but the thud of impact told me I'd hit something.

Damn, there goes my auto insurance rates! 

I got out to examine the damage of my rear bumper and the back of a late model sedan in my path. Thank goodness, there were only scratches, no dents or major damage. The driver of the other car apologized as well and we swapped drivers licenses. 

One look and my stomach knotted. I'd hit Rodney Bollard's car. Rodney, Emily's husband and Alyssa's father. He must have come back. I wondered what happened to his secretary, the one with a better attitude and bigger tits than Emily. I didn't ask.

"No harm, no foul, huh?" he offered.

Avoiding an increase in car insurance was a good thing, so I wasn't anxious to report the incident. Fine with me." We shook hands. He drove away first. I wondered if he'd mention the incident at home, to his wife or daughter, and how they'd react.

-

A few days after the fender scape, Alyssa showed up at our door. "I came by to quit."

Harriett and I hadn't used her for a while anyway, mostly out of my guilt. Difficult to hire a babysitter that you'd prefer to fuck than watch your child. "I'm sorry about that. Annie really likes you."

"And I like her too."

"Listen, we haven't called you lately-"

"Oh, I'm not quitting over us. It's Daddy. He's back, and he's willing to stay, if-" She looked at her shoes.

I had to know the end of that sentence. "If what?"

"Well, his secretary didn't work out as well as he wanted. But he absolutely wants a woman with bigger tits than Mom." Her face flushed. "She won't get a boob job, so, well, so besides Mom, he and I are sleeping together."

"You are?"

"And since he's been back, he's increased my allowance so I don't have to babysit for spending money." 

More nights at home gave him more frequent opportunities. Good old Rodney had made his precious daughter into a whore. Bastard Bollard! That explained why the two women hadn't been in touch. The man of the house was satisfying them both. "I see." 

I didn't really. Oh, I was happy that Emily's husband had returned so she wouldn't be alone. It was also good that Alyssa and Emily were getting sufficient sex. But from the same man? The idea of incest hadn't crossed my mind before, Annie being so young. Was that my fate as well? I discarded the idea of sex with my daughter. But being called to service young women above the age of consent? That felt strangely appropriate. After all, I'd done it so well. With parent approval, no less. And Harriett wasn't interested. I just had no idea who would be next.

###

An Original H M Tale 

I'm always interested in reader feedback. 

Do you like these Retrospectives?

Tell me what you think via email.

Copyright (c) 2014, HarveyMarcus. All Rights Reserved.