 After my usual wait of a few days, I phoned the nursing home to make an appointment and got the bad news. Kira was scheduled for surgery on both her legs. I asked a few questions and was put through to the surgeon himself.

"Kira has no family and so I'm telling you this as her nearest friend. And this may affect her insurance claim, I guess. Both her legs have suffered serious failure in blood supply and there are signs of necrosis. Do you know what that means?"

I confessed my ignorance, "No, I'm sorry. Please explain for me. Is it serious?"

"It is the worst thing that could happen to her. The cells in her body are self-destructing because of the failure of oxygen supply. It's similar to the condition everyone calls gangrene but gangrene is usually caused by a bacterial infection. In Kira's case, the cells are destructing autonomously because of oxygen shortage. At this time, it's only in some of her toes and one ankle joint, but we can't afford to let it spread. Toxins will enter her blood stream at some stage, and that could be fatal if the toxins reach her heart or her brain. And so I'm planning to amputate some part of her legs."

"Does she know this? Is she prepared for more surgery," I was worried about Kira's frame of mind as well as her physical health.

"Yes. I've explained as simply as I could and she's signed the consent forms. She's a brave young lady and understands very well how important this is. Please can you come in and acknowledge what I'm saying and the surgery-plan?" he asked me.

It was fixed and I dropped into the clinic that evening to sign the forms, and also to get his statement for the insurance claim.

While there, I asked to see Kira but was refused. She was already sedated in preparation for surgery at 7am next morning.

+++++++++++++++++

Ten days later, I got a call from the nursing home to say that Kira was asking for me to visit. I arranged to go the next day and was in a turmoil of emotion and excitement. After all, what would be her physical condition; her emotional state; her need for affection; her need for orgasm?

On arrival, I was taken to see the surgeon and he explained, "I've needed to amputate both legs up a point above the knee. I had to find the nearest point of good blood supply, even though her central nervous connections are not functioning."

"And how is she? Physically and mentally, I mean," I enquired.

"Amazing. She has such strength of spirit and her body has healed very well. But she realizes now that she is even less able to take care of herself. She's been asking for you, so you better go and see her," he smiled at me, raised his eyebrows and nodded his head as if he knew what my visits involved.

Alice let me into Kira's room and then closed the door as she left us alone. Kira was in the usual horizontal position and I leaned over to hold her and share kisses. Her behaviour was totally as-usual. Her tongue reached into my mouth and moved around my back teeth, her hands held my face close to hers, her breasts reacted to my hands with their little breathing-movements.

"How are you, dear Kira?" I asked.

"I'm better than they expected. I feel I've got more strength in my shoulders and arms, so perhaps I needed that surgery. But now I've only got short legs. Look," and she pulled up the long gown that was covering her body. 

I saw two stumps, each about 12-inches long from her hips; only half her thighs, still wrapped in surgical dressings and each with a plastic drain tube disappearing over the edge of the framework. I was shocked and tried not to show it. Apart from her insurance claim, which was strengthened, how would she feel about her own body now? Would this serious surgery affect her desires and requirements?

But also I saw that she was wearing a pair of strong pants; like a panty-girdle. It kept her contained, and came up over the bottom edge of her usual corset-bodice.. I could see the flat curviness of her belly, round and under to the front plug which wasn't visible from that angle but I knew to be there, under her deformed pelvis.

With a smile on my face, I asked, "New undies, ya?"

"Oh," and she giggled in her own special way, "my plugs kept pushing out, so now I'm wearing this. Only until they get bigger plugs, I think."

I reached down and stroked her flat belly inside the girdle and let my hand wander across to one hip and then to the other hip, and then down between the stumps. She raised her arms and pulled my face to hers as I placed my hand on the two plugs and began jiggling them. I knew what would happen and it did. Within a few seconds her sounds and movements showed her orgasm in progress. And then it burst on her with its usual intensity and she grasped my face to hers as her breath filled my nostrils and my eyes. Then her slow relaxation.

"Oooh, nice. I have missed you. You see; it's still me in here," and she giggled again.

"It is so good to see you well and back to normal," I joked back at her, "is there anything I can do for you?"

"This time, just give me lots of nice feelings. Please. I'm sorry to be selfish but I need lots of nice feelings. And we can't move this bed around much, so we don't upset the dressings. Please," her eyes were wet again and I knew that my own plans would need to be postponed until she was more healed. But, at least, she was still sexually active so perhaps my time would come next visit.

For the remainder of my visit, I played with her body, used the vibrator, jiggled her plugs with my hands, kissed her bare breasts and sucked on her nipples. 

How can I describe her responses? In the 70-or-so minutes I was with her, she attained [or is it obtained, or reached, or received, or took?] twelve orgasms. Maybe more; I stopped counting.

Most surprising to me, but also very exciting, she asked me to place the vibrator inside her panty-girdle and to leave it there buzzing away, while I kissed her mouth and her breasts.

I did and clung to her corseted waist and used my mouth on all her body I could reach, kissing and nibbling.

When her orgasms started, she clung to me and pressed my face down to wherever I was nuzzling and nibbling. 

But the orgasms didn't stop. 

She was taking one after the other with no space of time.

Just one long continuous rise of her sensations, to a climax and breathless crying in her throat; and then the next one commencing immediately.

This went on for 20 minutes or half an hour. Just continuous tension and crying and closed eyes and shaking shoulders.

Her belly was rising and falling, her arms were trembling, even her two stumps seemed to be moving with the muscular and nervous tension raging through her.

Until, eventually, she was exhausted and let go of my face and my head; pushing me away from her breasts.

"Enough," she said through her heavy breathing.

I stopped the vibrator, slipped it out of her girdle, and onto the high table at the side of her frame.

She looked up at me, "Oooh, lovely. Let me rest for a few minutes, you lovely man."

She closed her eyes and drifted off into a kind of slumber.

But only for two minutes. Before I had caught my breath or wiped my own saliva from my face, she reached out and said in a whisper, "More. Same please."

I replaced the vibrator in her panty-girdle and put my head down to her face and her breasts. Another quarter-hour went by as she sighed and cried, breathed and shrugged her shoulders, pulsed her vagina and rectum, and poured her juices past the front plug. She drenched her panties with more orgasms. I realized afresh the meaning of nymphomania or hyper-sexuality. And I knew the full meaning of "insatiable."

At the end of that session, she looked again at me and apologized, "I'm sorry to be selfish but I need so much. Next time I am all yours again. You'll do what you want, won't you? That's what I want. Just please yourself and do anything to me."

I left Kira that time with obvious concerns over her health but also with excitement about what I could do next visit. All my plans for this visit were delayed, but I determined to realize them all next time, if at all possible.