 For the sake of propriety, I didn't visit Kira too soon. In case my visits attracted adverse attention and got me [or her] into trouble with the nursing home authorities.

But I was determined to visit her again and to please her, while also pleasing myself.

And so, after some days, I called and made another appointment. 

After the business meeting with the administrator, I went with Kira's carer, who I learned was named Alice, and she explained to me on the way that Kira was cleaned-out and had asked to be left alone again.

Alice stopped outside Kira's room and touched my arm, "She likes you very much and wants you to please her instead of me. But be careful with her, wont you? She's like a little girl in some ways and we don't want to cause her pain or unhappiness; do we?"

"Alice," I replied, "trust me. I think I understand Kira very well, and I'll never do anything that hurts her or makes her feel bad."

And so I went into Kira's room and locked the door quietly behind me. She reached out her arms towards me and pulled me to her face in the horizontal frame, to kiss her and to press her tongue into my mouth. As deep as she could reach and deeper than any woman had ever kissed me. And then she licked her lips as we separated.

"This time, please take your clothes off," she asked me and I remembered that, on the previous occasion, I had done everything with my trousers dropped around my ankles!

She giggled, "You don't look like my serious lover with your pants down."

She was very giggly and I wondered that she called me her lover. But I was happy to comply.

I undressed completely and she reached out to hold my hands and my hips and my sexual bits, which already was starting to stiffen. Within a few seconds, less time that it takes to read this, my erection was complete and solid and heavy. She pulled me towards her framework and said, "Turn me down, so I can swallow you."

I spun the framework so that her head was backwards and downwards towards me, with her head stretching back and her throat visible. She took me through her lips, into her throat; swallowing and massaging me all the while with her tongue and her lips..

Automatically, I reached over and lifted the vibrator to her upturned torso; and pressed it gently on her front plug. Her response was instantaneous as before. Her lips tightened on my erection, her arms and shoulders became to jiggle, a sound grew in her throat every time I emerged to allow her to breath. Within a minute, she let out the orgasm-growl I'd heard before. Her eyes were squeezed shut and her mouth open as she shuddered with the orgasmic tension; until it passed and she flopped into her framework. I had never met a woman so speedy in her orgasms, or so keen to repeat them quickly.

As she recovered, she looked up at me and asked, "Do you remember what I said? You can do anything you want to me. Really. Anything. Don't tell me. Just do it. Please."

There it was again, "...to me..."

I'd thought about this for some days and I knew what I wanted to do on this visit. I was shocked at my own plan and hoped it would not disgust her. But she did invite me and I took that as my excuse.

I wiped her face, her steamy forehead and her eyes; and turned the framework into its vertical position. With Kira facing away from me. I noticed that her torso-cover was loose.

"May I tighten this on your waist, Kira?" I asked her.

"Oh yes, please. We forgot to make me small this morning. Please tighten me as much as you want. I can take lots of tightening," she replied with a pleading tone in her voice.

And so I did. First I undid the bow at the back of her waist and saw that the cover was, in every sense, a tightlaced corset but disguised as a therapeutic device. It didn't just hold her waist and hips firmly, of course; it also was shaped and boned to project her pelvis and hips backwards to support the injury-deformity to her lower torso.

Slowly I tightened the cords until her waist was reduced by three or four inches and the eyelets made a straight along her spine. 

"How does that feel? Is it comfortable for you?" I enquired in a whisper near her ears

"Don't stop there. Close it onto me. I like the big pressure. It makes me feel more womanly. More excited. Please close it onto me," was her response.

My erection would normally be subsiding after this time, but now the excitement of her further tightening increased my excitement. I was rigid and swollen, veined and slightly purple in colour as my equipment weighed out from my groin.

Over the next few minutes, I tightened her torso until the corset closed completely. When it was perfectly shut and her torso was rigid, I could reach round her waist with my thumbs and fingers. I held her and pressed my body and my erection against her back and also against the rear plug n her rectum. I kissed her neck and she mewed like a kitten with my hold and with the affection in my lips. But it was her plug that was my target.

I reached to the plug-handle, which was sticking out horizontally because of the distortion to her spine and the position of the her body in the framework.

Slowly but deliberately, I pulled the plug out of her body. It was about 3-inches diameter at the opening, tapering to only a rounded 1-inch at the tip, and looked to be about 8-inches long;. Very much as I was expecting from the medical reports.

The plug was clean and her anus was still lubricated after her morning cleansing and closure. Kira kept making her little kitten noises, to show that everything was OK by her.

I laid the plug to one side, on the little table, and walked towards her anus with my erection. I was surprised to see that her anal muscles were already beginning to close, now that the plug was not holding them open. 

I didn't know what to expect in sensations as I pushed my erection into the wide opening, and then also wrapped my fingers round my scrotum; and pressed my testicles into the space in addition. Surprisingly again, even as I installed myself in her rectum, her muscles began to close around me; and hold me inside her. The full male-works: erection, testicles and a length of scrotum.

I murmured my pleasure with a little, "Mmm" and she spoke softly, "Oh yes, I wondered about that. So nice."

Then I began to shag back and forth into her without letting my package leave her.

The erection grew more and I thought I could press into her sigmoid. Certainly, I could feel a bend in her tunnel and I imagined me thrusting into her descending colon. This was not likely to be true, of course. I am not now, and was not then, so long or big a male lover.

But the imagination is often enough, isn't it?

I held her waist in my fingers and thumbs, leaned forward to kiss the back of her neck and her hair, and shagged into her with a rhythm that would bring me soon to climax.

That is what happened and I cried out as I emptied myself into her bowels.

"Aaargh," I couldn't control myself and the cry came out.

"Yes, yes, don't stop," Kira responded and I knew that she was coming to her own orgasm.

Within a few minutes, her cries joined mine, and I realised that she had been pressing the vibrator on her front plug. But I had not felt it from my position inside her rear.

We both subsided and I revolved the frame to hold her against my chest, and kissed her long and deep in her mouth. And she held my head and shoulders against her face for many minutes, as my erection pressed against her belly until it slumped. 

"That was nice," she said, "I wanted you to do that. How did you know?" and she giggled again.

"I didn't know. It's what I wanted. I've been thinking about you for days," I replied honestly.

Then she got practical, "You better put my plug back in. Don't want you sloshing all over the floor," and there was her little laugh again.

This girl was amazing. So sensuous, thoughtful, sensible. But still the most erotic woman I'd ever met. There was so much more I wanted from her.

I lubricated her anus, and slowly but positively replaced her back plug. I wiped around to clean up the mixture of my juices and her lubricant. Also, I went to the corner basin and washed around my groin and now-slack penis.

When I returned to her she seemed agitated, "Lie me down, please. And I've had only one pleasure this time. I want more. Please."

And so that is what I did. Lay down her frame and pulled her clothes up over her belly, as I pressed the vibrator on both her plugs.

As before, her orgasm grew in a few seconds and burst over her in less than a minute; with her trembling arms and head, the cry in her throat, the wide-open lips and the eyes tight-shut. Her skin took the same pink shade I'd seen earlier and then she relaxed with deep breathing and her eyes wandering around like a woman half-conscious.

She reached up her arms and pulled my face towards hers.

"Thank you," she murmured in a whisper, "please always give me many pleasures; will you? Please, whenever you come here."

It was easy to speak to her, "I will. Every time I come to you, you will take many pleasures. And I shan't need to be reminded. I promise."

We both looked at the clock and 50-minutes had elapsed since I arrived in her room. Without saying anything, I dressed and smoothed her clothes down over her thighs, from their previous bunched-up position over her breasts.

It was then I noticed her breasts, almost for the first time. Until now I'd been fascinated by her waist and her plugs.

Her nipples were hard and her breasts stood up, pointing towards the ceiling. I moved towards her and took her breasts in my two hands, and squeezed gently.

"Oh yes, please do this to me much more. Please," she was pleading again.

"Kira, you lovely woman, now I know you better and I'll please you all the time I'm here. You don't need to keep asking. Just tell me what you want if I get it wrong. You can have every feeling you want from me."

I leaned down and kissed her breasts and up to her throat and her lips. And she held my head close to her as she spoke, "Thank you," she smiled at me, "You make me feel like a real woman. And you can do what you want to me. Is it a deal?"

She was giggling again. Such a special young woman and I was captivated.

We parted with another kiss and a wave, as Alice began to tidy the room; wet towels, the slippery vibrator, and smoothing Kira's crumpled clothes. The carer must have known what was happening to her patient, but she was calm and friendly and smiled at me as I left. No words spoken.

Already my mind was thinking of the next time and my desires for her special body.