 "So, what's it like for a guy with, like, another guy? I've always wondered how you do it. I mean, I know how you do it but, like, how do you go about it?"

Ryan laughed at Vivian's question, "how do you go about it? Such an odd thing to ask, Viv. I don't even know what to say. Are you asking how we fuck?"

"No!" She laughed and shoved him, "I'm asking like, you know how guys are. When they want you they just go after it. It's all hunger and force and right to business. Every time I've had sex with a guy his hands are right down my pants trying to push my panties off and stick his dick in me. Is it the same when a guy is with another guy?"

"Ah, well, that's a bit more concise. I think I can answer that."

Ryan laid back on the couch and looked up at the ceiling. He had been spending most of his time with Vivian lately and they were starting to get pretty serious, at least in his mind. They had been making out on the couch in the middle of the afternoon, which always led to sex, when he decided to tell her something about himself. He didn't know if it would freak her out, but she had been pretty cool about things so far, so he decided to tell her that he's bisexual.

He told her that he had never been in a relationship with another man but he's had a few random hook-ups with guys. Mostly it was oral but with a couple of men he went all the way. Her reaction was disbelief at first. She squealed and shoved him and thought he was lying. It had put a stop to their heavy lip locking session but he didn't mind too much. She was very inquisitive.

"So when two guys get together and they're both turned on by each other they obviously get a hard on. But what most girl's don't know is that when they are physically attracted to each other and both are in the mood the tip of their dick works as a homing device. It sends a signal up to the brain and actually leads them to each other if their in a certain vicinity."

"Oh my god, shut up!" Vivian swats him with a pillow.

"Fine, never mind. I don't care. Whatever," she turns and pouts at the other end of the couch.

"I'm sorry! I'm sorry, Viv. Viv, come on. Okay, I'll be serious now. I promise."

"You better!" She shoved her foot at him.

"Okay, well, it's pretty similar. It really just depends on the guy I guess. Which I think is true for most things. You can't generalize a gender by what most guys do. Just like you can't assume all women are going to wait for the guy to make the first move, sometimes they'll just come at you."

"Like I did," Vivian looked at him with a smile, stretching her legs out and resting them on his lap.

"Yeah, like you did babe. That was surprising. All night you were kind of quiet. You didn't say a lot. I couldn't tell if you were having fun or not. We got back to your place and you invited me in. As soon as the door closed you threw your lips into mine and started undoing my pants. It was hot."

Vivian bit her lip, "yeah well you looked good that night. I was shy because I didn't think I had a shot with you. I didn't know what to say, nothing would come to mind when you kept asking me questions. I figured at the end of the night I might as well go for it."

"You did."

"I did. Scored too," she smiled.

"We both did. Team effort."

They laughed and he took her feet in his hands and began rubbing them.

"So with a guy it's the same. You just, you find a guy and if you're into him you go for it. If not you don't."

"So did you have any guy's who you went-for-it with?"

He laughed a little and squeezed her foot tight, "no, not exactly."

"What does that mean?" She shoved his thigh with her other foot.

"There was never any passionate explosion of me into them like we did. But there was some quiet intensity."

"Oh, tell me about it!"

"Alright," Ryan paused a moment and thought back on the story and where to start, "well, one guy I had been texting with, he was a bit older. I was out late and he said he wanted to see me. We had lunch once before and it was nice. I liked it, felt comfortable with him but we hadn't done anything yet. Or, well, I shouldn't say that, we kind of fondled each other near the bathroom while passing by."

"Ryan! You dirty whore!" She giggled at his confession.

"I know, I know. It was the first time but my god, Viv, his cock was huge. Huge!"

"A size queen, are we?"

"No, no, not at all. But holy jesus!" Ryan held his hands a cartoon-ish distance apart and made wide eyes at Vivian.

"But, anyways, he said he wanted to see me but he was going to head to bed. He wanted me to come over though. He wanted me to wake him up."

Ryan paused and Vivian looked at him oddly, "and? What?"

"He wanted me to walk into his house, that he rented with two other guys, and he would be asleep on the couch. He wanted me to walk in, strip in the door way to the living room and come over to wake him up with a blow job."

"What?!" She sat up with her mouth wide open in exasperation.

"Yes! I didn't know what to say. I was turned on and really wanted to but at the same time I was kind of nervous. I had never been to his place and only met him one other time. I had no idea what I would be walking into."

"But you did, right?"

"I did. Nervously I did. It was close to midnight, a couple of hours after we had last exchanged texts. His house was still. The whole street was still. It was so quiet when I closed the door to my car it sounded as if it echoed for miles."

Ryan's hands moved both of Vivian's feet in his lap and began rubbing up along her ankles and back down to her toes.

"He had told me to just come in. He assured me his roommates slept like rocks and would be asleep because they have to get up early. I peeked in through the doorway and the house was dead. All the lights were off. I didn't think until after, that if this had been a terrible prank to get me to walk into someone's house I'd have never known. It wasn't though. I saw him sleeping on the couch. I clenched my teeth and slipped off my shoes and began undressing."

"That quickly?! Ryan! You are are a whore. You just wanted some dick!"

He laughed and shook his head but didn't have anything remotely plausible to say in his defense.

"I stripped and had my clothes semi-folded on top of my shoes. I wanted everything close by in case someone came down I could at least throw on a shirt or something. Not that it would have helped."

"I moved over to the couch and crouched down quietly. The plan didn't go quite as planned because as I knelt at the side of the couch he turned and opened his eyes and gave me a smile. We exchanged brief, silent pleasantries before he tossed the blanket aside. There wasn't any words exchanged beyond that indication of what was supposed to be done. And in that moment I pulled his boxers down and went at it. My mouth. My hands. Everything working together to get him off. It wasn't a crazy, rip your pants off type aggression but the intent was pretty much the same."

Vivian was silent now. She was riveted to his story. She didn't noticed her chest rising and falling quickly as her breathing picked up. Her mouth was open just a little as she stared at him. She didn't want him to stop.

"What happened next?"

"Next?"

She nodded, "yeah, like, was that it? Did you just suck him off and leave? Did anyone wake up? What happened?"

"You want me to tell you the whole story?" He smiled at her.

She bit her lip and nodded meekly.

He smiled back, "okay."

"I didn't really get to have the honor of pulling his pants down. He saw me and I think he wanted something right away. He hooked his fingers in his waistband and shoved everything down to his knees. And Viv, I can't emphasize enough."

Ryan proceeded to holding his hands apart the length of a baseball bat for effect. It was beyond the comical element he had originally intended it for though, Vivian was now very interested in the realistic aspects of his story and furthering its progression. Her heel was slowly digging into his lap, grazing over his budding erection. He had been squeezing her foot and pressing it down into him and she noticed.

"He wasn't even fully hard but he was long and thick. It was dark but there was a slim bit of the street light filtering in from the window behind the couch. He had a normal older man's body. He wasn't ripped with abs but he was slim. This wasn't a pity suck, for sure."

Vivian was squeezing her thighs together. One hand was resting on her lap and running her fingers along her thigh, while she was mindlessly chewing on her nails of the other hand.

"So he ripped his pants down and I just went for it. I grabbed his nearly erect cock. Oh, Viv, it was uncircumcised too. It was the first time I had ever had one that wasn't cut. So I took him in my mouth and I swear to you it felt like I couldn't even get him half way into my mouth before he hit the back of my throat and I gagged. I kept trying but I couldn't get very far down onto him."

"What did he do?" Vivian's voice was completely enthralled. She wanted to know more. She didn't want Ryan to stop.

"After a few minutes of lathering his cock in my cum he sat up and pulled me off of it. I took a moment to catch my breath and he moved around behind me. He stepped out of his boxers and knelt down behind me. Still no words exchanged but I knew what was going to happen. He wanted to push that monster into my ass and I was eager and hungry for it, if not a little scared."

"Was this your first time?" Vivian asked.

Ryan shook his head no, "no, no. I had a couple of other men in me before him. One was fairly small, my first. he was an inch shorter than I am and not nearly as thick. It hurt with him though, the first time. He fucked me hard and fast and it took me a moment to ease my muscles, then it felt amazing. The second guy that fucked me had a condom on and he slipped right in."

She interrupted, "wait, the second guy had a condom on?"

"Yeah, why?"

"So the first guy didn't?"

"Uh, no. I guess not."

"You let the first guy to fuck you go bareback?! Ryan!"

He smiled sheepishly and shrugged his shoulders. Vivian pulled her feet from his lap and slid next to him, nudging him with her shoulder and placing her hand on his thigh.

"You're so damn bad and such a slut," she continued to mock him.

"Yeah so, like, I uh-, guess, anyways," Ryan stammered to get back to his story.

"So, this guy, he pushed his cock right against my tight ass. The problem was he didn't have any lube. He didn't even like, spit on it to moisten it at all. He pushed forward slowly but, my god Viv, it hurt. There was this intense like," he stopped as Vivian cut him off.

"Pressure?"

He nodded and looked at her with a smile, "yes! Pressure. It was almost as if it was a burning pressure. My face was buried into his couch cushions and my fists were balled and I was groaning as I felt one hand on my hip squeezing me and his cock pressed tight against my hole."

Vivian's hand was now rubbing Ryan's thigh. She was caressing the inner thigh and her palm was crazing over his crotch.

"So," Ryan took a moment and gulped as he looked down at her hand, now moving to completely cup and squeeze his crotch as he talked, "I groaned and he pulled back. He told me that he didn't even get the tip in. He said I was too tight. He told me to turn around and stand up and I did, my ass still heated from his attempted penetration. He took my cock in his hand. It wasn't hard anymore. I think the feeling of him pushing into me and the pain kind of killed it."

She was squeezing and grinding her palm into Ryan's cock. She could feel how hard he was, and she was excited by his story and wanted to hear everything, "keep going. How did it end?"

"He sucked my cock for a bit. Not ideal but I can't like, say no if I got to suck his and have him attempt to fuck me. If he wanted it that's fine. I couldn't get hard though. It was so strange because it's not like he was bad at it, I just couldn't go get back up. I think I was too nervous. Eventually he gave up and I got dressed and left. He said he was disappointed that neither of us got to cum. I was too. Really bad. I wanted to have a good experience, and eventually, thinking back, I think I did. But at that time it felt like a disappointment."

"So you wanted to cum?"

"Well I'd have preferred to make him cum, but yeah, if he wanted me to cum I'd have liked to at least have done that."

"What about right now?"

Ryan looked at her as her hand gripped his erection through his pants, "right now what?"

"Do you want me to make you cum?" Vivian smiled playfully.

Ryan nodded and lunged at her, pulling her hand away from his pants. He laid her back on the couch and began pulling at her bottoms until they were slipped off of her legs along with her panties. Her hips were now bare and he worked his own pants open quickly to push inside of her. She was slick between her legs and he slid in with ease until the base of his cock pressed against her pelvis.

He leaned down and kissed her lips. It was a soft peck at first but it made him quickly want more. His tongue pushed past her lips and her feet wrapped around his waist, locking at the ankles.

Vivian pulled her lips from his and turned to the side. Ryan's heated panting fell down her still-covered chest.

"So, Ry, which is it? If you had to pick, pussy or cock?" She smirked at him as his dick was balls deep inside of her.

"Do you really want me to answer that?" He tilted his head and looked down at her with the smallest inkling of a smirk on the corner of his mouth.

"Absolutely," she stared back unwavering.

"Pussy. Always pussy," with that he gave her a hard thrust to make her bounce underneath him.

"Good to know," she smiled and squeezed her legs around his waist, beckoning him for more.

He gave her just what she wanted to, thrusting into her again and again. The two fucked on the couch just like that until they both reached climax. She squeezed him and kissed him and loved the way he fucked her so intensely. He pushed into her and tasted her lips and couldn't get enough of the way she squeezed her legs around his waist.

Vivian thought of him bent over the couch getting fucked by another man and how he had a mouth full of cock as well. She loved how open and free he was about his sexuality and wondered what it could mean for their future. She didn't know exactly what she wanted from it but she liked the idea of having options. Ryan just like being able to share himself with this girl that he genuinely liked as a person and as someone to have regular sex with, more so now that he felt he could be completely honest with her.

He slipped onto the couch next to her after he finished, pushing his weight off the side so he wasn't crushing her. She kept her feet locked tight, one leg pinned under him on his side. She didn't want him to pull out of her yet.

"Thanks for sharing that with me," Vivian smiled at him and kissed his lips.

"Thank you for being so into it," Ryan smiled back.

"You'll have to tell me about some of your other times," she talked against his lips while kissing him.

"There weren't that many, but yeah I wouldn't mind at all."

"Well," she kissed him again then looked him in the eyes, "when we get to the end then maybe we can see about making some new ones together," she smiled and tightened her thighs around his waist and his flaccid cock inside of her full cunt.

They were definitely going to have some fun together.