 At mid-morning on the following day, I held another meeting with her physician and the administrator at Kira's nursing home. It was a formal session to agree my report and the I was taken to meet Kira again. The excitement was rising in me with each minute as I waited to see her again.

The carer escorted me into Kira's room and I could tell that there was something special about their arrangements. Kira was in a horizontal position in her framework, with a pillow under her head. As soon as I had met her and said "Good morning" the carer touched my elbow and pointed silently at the little table to one side of Kira' framework. I looked over to it and saw a white vibrator with a bulbous head, a pump-dispenser of lubricant, and some little hand-towels that were more like facecloths. And then the carer left and said, "She's been emptied, you know? I'll come back in one hour unless you press the bell for me."

I turned to the framework.

"Kira, I'm so glad to see you again," I started speaking. But she reached out and took my hands, and turned her head to look straight into my eyes.

"Don't talk. Please touch me," she replied with a hoarse whisper.

I knew what she meant and moved my right hand down her immobile torso, until I could reach round and under between her legs. Because of her deformity, I needed to reach a long way under the framework until I could feel her two plugs. I pressed gently and vibrated my hand.

Kira's response was instantaneous. Her head arched back a little into the pillow, her lips opened and her eyes closed. Within only a few seconds, her hands moved to her torso and pressed on her waist, a cry erupted in her throat and she squeezed her eyes tight-shut. I could tell that the orgasm was pulsing through her, and so I ceased my hand movements.

Her face was flushed and a little perspiration stood on her forehead.

Slowly, she relaxed her face and smiled up into my eyes.

"Thank you. Just let me rest a moment," she murmured.

At that stage, I thought that my visit would come to a speedy end. That she had "used" my visit for her pleasure and then she would bid me goodbye. I was wrong.

Within a minute, she took my hand again and said, "Please tilt this thing. I'll show you how."

She explained how to release the pivot and I thought she wanted me to "stand her up" so to speak, but I was wrong again.

"No, put my head down," and I did a she instructed me.

At the end, she was almost inverted but not quite. Lying on her back, her face was on a level with my groin and her legs pointed upward and away from me. Her loose dress slipped down onto her belly and I could view her entire lower body, with its backward deformity and the two black plugs in her openings.

I was not prepared for what came next. She reached back with her hands and fumbled with my trousers. 

"Please let me suck you," she said and shocked me; but I complied and opened my zipper and got out my equipment. All of it; penis and both testicles. I felt so relieved that I'd had a proper shower only an hour before.

Holding me with one hand, she pointed with the other, "Bring that for me please. Put it on me, you know." She meant the big vibrator and I knew what to do with it.

Slowly, she slip my penis into her mouth, as my erection grew into her upturned throat. She slurped and swallowed my erection, squeezing me in the tight tunnel of her throat.

At the same time, I switched on the vibrator with its little black slider; and pressed it against her front plug.

I all started happening again as her orgasm began to grow through her body. Her licking and swallowing on me became disjointed as her head and arms started to quiver once more. After only a few seconds, less than a minute, her orgasm shattered through her inert body and the cry emerged from her throat as she pulled me out to get her breath.

For a short time, we stayed in those positions. She recovering and me standing there with my erection sticking out over her face. It would have seemed ridiculous except it was exciting and I thought I knew what would come next.

This time I was right. She looked up at me and said, "Use it on my back thing this time."

And with that, she opened her mouth again and her throat and took my erection as deeply as I could reach with it. And now I pressed the vibrator against the rear plug; in her rectum. Before her orgasm started to build, she reached back and squeezed my testicles into her mouth, behind her lips which she pursed slightly to keep them there. I was totally contained in her face; a new experience for me and an amazing sensation.

I could feel the ridged tunnel of her throat with my erection, but also the strength of her teeth and her lips as she gently squeezed and retained my balls and scrotum. Not biting but squeezing and pulsing her mouth around me. I'm a slow ejaculator but I knew that my own climax would come before long.

And so it happened. My climax came over me and I squirted my juices into her throat, which she swallowed with exaggerated muscle movement. Within a few seconds, her orgasm came also, and the little cry I'd come to expect, and the twitching of her arms and head. She pulled me out of her throat and gasped for more breath. She was amazing. The most sensual and sexual woman I'd ever met.

To call her disabled was a complete misnomer. 

Then we recovered and I wiped myself on one of the little towels, and helped her to wipe her face. And got her a drink of lemon from the flask at the side of the bed.

She beamed big smiles at me and relaxed. She held my hands and pressed them against her face and her breasts. 

I kissed her; first on her forehead and then on her lips and she pressed her tongue between my lips. For some minutes we explored each other's mouths and throats with our tongues, and I knew I'd found a very special woman.

I laid her framework back into the horizontal position and replaced the pillow under her head.

As we relaxed and my visit was coming to its end, she pulled my face towards her and kissed me again, and whispered, "Please come again. Next time, do as you want with me."

Her words inflamed me and my imagination more than I can explain, but then she went further, "Next time, do anything you want to me. Anything. You will come again, won't you?"

The difference between "...with me.." and "...to me..." was not lost on me, or on my imagination. I determined to visit her again as soon as I could.