 For the next week or so, I gave priority to Kira's insurance claim. You must understand that one of my jobs, as a claims adjuster, is to find holes in the cases made by claimants. Putting it crudely, it is up to me to minimize the company's liability if possible, and therefore the amount paid out under a policy. In Kira's case, her situation was becoming more desperate as the weeks went by but I was personally and emotionally involved. It looked increasingly as if she would not live very long; certainly not into old age. Therefore her claim could be reduced to take account of her low expected lifespan. On the other hand, I knew her and wanted her to enjoy the best possible life, regardless of how long that was to last. The medical advice was not very helpful. Her nursing bills were coming to $2000 a week and her medical bills already totalled over $300,000. I hope you can see my quandary: would Kira live for 5 years more or for 50 years into her 70s? The company would need to take a 5-year view, and then re-assess her situation. It was on my mind constantly and a cause for personal fears, as her good friend. As her lover, I mean.

 In this frame of mind, I visited Kira again; not knowing what to expect or what she would require in pleasures. Nor what I would be allowed to do although I had a plan for my own satisfaction.

 At Kira's room, Alice closed the door behind me. I locked it, and Kira held out her arms to me and we kissed fervently and erotically even before I got undressed. It was all mouths and tongues and throats, and hands everywhere. Her nipples of course, and she grasping at my erection through my clothes. Then I did take off all my clothes.

 As I approached the framework, Kira pushed her gown to one side and exposed the full length of her body, as if preparing the territory for my invasion! I noticed two things immediately. First, her thigh stumps were no longer swathed in dressings; only short covers at their surgical sites. Second, she was still wearing the tight little girdle that came up to overlap her corset bodice.

 We handled each other and kissed anew. She pressed her hand against my crotch and towards my bottom, as I covered her body with my kisses and nibbles and pressed my hand between the stumps to feel the two plugs. Her response was instant, as always.

 "Mmmm, yes. More please," she instructed, as I expected.

 I pressed my hand down again and began the jiggling movement that always pleased Kira. This time was no different. Within a few seconds, her orgasm began to rise through her prone body as I moved my hand around, kissed her breasts and nibbled on her nipples, and moved my other hand across her waist. In the way I had come to expect, she reached her climax in only a few seconds; less than a minute. Then her head arched backwards with her mouth wide open, the little cry in her throat, her eyes squeezed shut, her arms and shoulders twitching.

 As she relaxed and the tensions left her, I held her waist and kissed her forehead.

"You still have the pants. Have they not changed these?" and I tapped on the plugs.

 "Oh yes, they've changed them. Bigger now but I like the pants. I like the pressure they give me up inside and over my tummy. And it holds my hips nicely over the bodice. Do you like it?"

 I didn't know what to say. I wanted to get inside her so the pants had to go, but I was intrigued by her new pleasure from their tightness. 

"And I've asked for the bodice to be tightened completely. Look at my waist. I think this is the smallest I could ever be," she smiled at me, "Just for you. And I like it, too."

 Then I remembered my previous visit and reached over for the vibrator. I held it up before her face and raised my eyebrows as if to ask, "Want this now?"

 She didn't speak. Just nodded her head and closed her eyes. So I moved down to her stumps and lifted the girdle away from the edge of her corset, pressed the on-button and slid the vibrator down to rest held against the plugs, vibrating all the while.

As I expected, her orgasm developed and took her over within half a minute. Breathing deeply and with eyes closed, she reached up to my face as I switched off the vibrator and shimmied it out of the tight girdle with one hand.

 "Today I'm yours. Sorry about last time," she spoke softly into my ear, "Do as you want now. Please show my something that's good for you. Anything. Just do me."

 I had my plan ready and had practiced at home a number of times.

From my things piled on a chair I brought to the frame a scrotal collar or ball-ring. It was a stainless steel circular tube, 2-inches long and less only about 1-inch in diameter. I opened it on its hinge, and stood where she could see me. I pulled my erection forward and also both testicles and also a length of scrotum. Then carefully, so as not to nip skin, I placed it around the "stalk" of my scrotum and pressed it shut until it clicked into place. Now my entire scrotal package was held out from my groin by the shiny steel collar.

Kira took hold of it and pulled it towards her face, which was not easy in her horizontal position.

"Lean me down," she said and I did it, until her face was on a level with my groin, as usual, and her stumps were pointing to the ceiling.

 Even before the manoeuvre was completed, her mouth was wide open and her eyes concentrating on the package approaching her.

 She took me into her mouth again, and then into her throat and closed her lips around the steel collar, protecting her teeth. My entire package was inside her mouth and throat, and I started shagging gently; although I didn't want to empty myself yet. Not in her throat. I had different ideas.

 In her upside-down position, Kira pointed with one hand at the table and I knew she wanted the vibrator on her again, and so I complied. Holding the vibrator over her two plugs and resting on the outside of her tight little girdle, she let the buzzing flow through her. After the usual few seconds, her responses became apparent and her throat became tight. As she came to climax, I pulled out and rested my package on her upturned face.

 She giggled and opened her eyes after a few seconds, and kissed my testicles; held out stiffly as they were. I bent to kissed her face and held her breasts as she calmed down. Then I moved onto the next stage of my plan. With some difficulty, I removed her very tight panty-girdle and put it to one side, on the high table.

 The frame was spun so that she pointed head down, but facing my feet. So her stumps rested on my shoulders until she was almost vertical and her pelvis on a level with my collared package. I reached to remove both plugs; vagina first and then her rectum. To be honest, they were both much larger than the previous pair, by about half an inch across, and they came away only with considerable force. Kira made no sound or movement with her arms or her shoulders.

 Her openings were still well lubricated from the plugs and I put my right hand into the duck-bill shape and pressed against her anus. Easily, it slipped into her, straight downwards in her now inverted position. I could feel the ridged tightness of her rectal cavity and pressed until my wrist was encircled by her now-shrinking sphincter muscles. I pressed a little further and could feel the upper sphincter and the bend to her left, where the sigmoid started. At this, she squirmed her shoulders a little and looking up between my legs, she must have seen the fresh stiff twitching on my solid erection and stretched scrotum.

 Because of her position, her labia and vulva opening was right in front of my shackled package. I walked forward by a short step and pressed the whole thing into her vagina. She was warm and wet, probably I thought from the orgasms she had enjoyed already.

 I reached round with my left hand into the small of her back and pressed against the tight lacing of her corset. I started shagging into her proper place, her sex tunnel, her baby-making machinery.

 Imagine if you can the sensation I was getting from this. My right hand could feel the tight confinement of her smooth slippery rectum. My left hand could feel the tight rigidity of her waist inside the tight-laced corset. My held-forward erection was pressed right home into the depths of her vagina, pushing at her cervix. It was too much for me.

 My erection was raging and the weight of my tied testicles, plus the stainless steel collar, was bringing me to an ejaculation quicker than normal for me.

 My hands were going crazy inside and on her body and my rhythm increased. But in the quietness of her room and in the middle of my excitement, Kira suddenly spoke.

 "Please don't make me pregnant," just those five words.

I heard them and was racked by a dilemma: I wanted to fill this woman's womb with my sperms. In truth, I half wanted to make her pregnant. To pump her full of my sperms and for her to go ahead and make my baby. I didn't have a condom and I didn't stop shagging

But I am not stupid or cruel and within a few seconds realized she was right. What a mistake I was about to make.

I did stop, and pulled out of her, I hoped before anything escaped from me.

 Nothing was said by either of us. I quickly adjusted the frame so that I could press my package into her rectum. I got it into her with some force; the whole thing; erection, testicles and steel collar. I shagged her with such force and speed that her whole body shook and the framework. Rocking on its wheels, so that it would have moved across the room but for the brakes.

 I reached out with both hands, one now wet from her rectum, and held her tight waist as I pulled and pushed her inverted body around, against the many arms and straps of the framework. 

Kira's head was flopping back and forth, as were her stumps near my ears.

She took hold of the frame with both hands to try steady herself against the force of my shagging.

 Then two things began to happen to Kira. First, she started retching as if she would vomit. Second, I could feel something joining me in her rectum. It was her faeces, her dung, her shit. Suddenly her rectum was full of warm soft shit but I couldn't stop my shagging. I was too close to ejaculation to control myself. 

 I shot my full load of sperms into her shit-filled rectum, and she spasmed the whole load onto my package and past the steel collar. A great mass of sperm-stained shit fell to the floor between my feet. I pulled out of her and another load followed me.

 Then the vomiting started. She retched a tight jet of food and juices onto the framework, also onto my feet. And she did it again, and again. Her stomach must have emptied onto my feet.

 "Oh, Kira, I'm so sorry," I apologized, realizing that surely I must have overstepped her idea of Do Anything.

 She coughed and reached out to the table for a small towel, but she couldn't reach. I moved quickly to get three towels and put one in her hands. She wiped her face and I began to wipe her round her anus.

 "No. Turn me upright," she instructed and I did, but it was a mistake.

Another mass of shit came tumbling from her distended anus, which I had been stretching to its limit only a few minutes earlier.

 "Oops, sorry," she said and then I saw that she was smiling at me. Straight into my eyes, a wide smile with her puke-stained teeth and nose. She wiped her face with the towel, using both hands.

 I wiped the shit off my erection, which was collapsing by then. And I reached under the steel collar and unclipped it. It was covered in her shit, as was my scrotum and the skin up my groin. These little towels weren't going to be enough. And the mass of poop in the floor presented a problem.

 How shall I describe the next half-hour? In her en-suite bathroom was a mass of tissue and larger towels. They all got used to transfer shit to the toilet, and to wipe the floor clean with shower gel and a glass of water.

 I stood in her shower and cleaned myself quickly from my waist downwards. Then I brought a clean damp towel to Kira and began cleaning her breasts, torso, her stumps, and her corset-bodice. This latter was impossible, and I contemplated taking it off her; but it was clearly a two-person job. I was going to need Alice there, to complete the cleaning.

 Throughout all this, Kira was still smiling. I apologized many times until she reached out a hand and dragged me to her; stinking and stained as she was.

"Don't be sorry. I enjoyed everything. Really - I enjoyed it very much. So much sensation and unusual feelings. You really did me. You took me. You made me into your sexy woman. I'm sorry for the mess my body made. I don't have control, you know? But it was wonderful. I could fall in love with that treatment!" she giggled again, " You're my special man. Please do all this to me again some time."

 I was shocked but, at the same time, relieved that she didn't feel angry or afraid of me.

 "I think I better call Alice. Do you agree?" I offered.

"Yes. She'll understand. I've had explosions before and she doesn't need to know about the rest of it," she beamed her big smile up at me again.

So that is what I did and the faithful Alice came and finished the cleaning that I had started.

 To my amazement, Alice started to apologize for the mess, "We didn't have a proper clean-out this morning. I should have tried again before you came and I'm so sorry this has happened to you."

 I said nothing.

 Together we removed Kira's corset and replaced her two plugs. A fresh hospital gown was brought and she was pretty-well cleaned and perfumed within another hour. And, she had a long drink of lemon-barley before gargling with mouthwash.

 "Kira needs a full shower," said Alice, "after you've gone."

 A short time later, I left after kissing and handling Kira in the ways we both liked. I fully planned to visit her again before too long; now that I knew she would take any "treatment" I desired. I knew that my behaviour had become selfish and geared to my pleasure but I consoled myself that she was happy to please me, and also that I knew how to please her whenever she asked for it.

 +++++++++++++++

Epilogue.

 That was the last time I saw Kira.

Three things happened to prevent me from going back until the present time.

First, I was seconded to the company office in another country for a period of three months, effective the following month as an emergency. Since I was unmarried and didn't own a property, the company put my name ahead of family men or folks with mortgages.

 Second, someone in the hospital had reported to my company that I was getting too close to the client Akira Raukawa; and there was a suspicion that I had started some sort of relationship with her. I could have denied it, I suppose, but the truth would find me one day and then I should be double-disgraced. For the relationship and for the lie. The company required me to transfer the assessment report to another colleague. That was a real professional put-down for me. I was told, in no uncertain terms, that I could be reported to the Certified Council of Assessors. The complaint would be "unprofessional conduct" unless I undertook not to see this client again. Such an event could ruin my blossoming career.

I thought about my situation hard and long. Of course, I'm not happy with myself for having these thoughts. As the Americans say, I feel like a heel.

 There was also the thought and the fear that Kira would require more sex than I was able to give her, as the years went by. I had to face the prospect of a young woman under my control who was basically out of control. Her sexual demand could be destructive or at least dangerous. For both of us. If she smiled and giggled at that last visit, then who knows where her desires would lead. It seemed to me that, for Kira, sex and pleasure went as far as it was possible to imagine in human bodily functions. I admit that I was scared at the prospect. Also, this was a desperate young woman who could be a burden for the rest of her life; whoever she ended up relying on. In view of her disability, she could become morose and resentful and less sexual. Who could know or predict that now? Like I said, I feel like a heel.

 Third, Alice called me after 10 days and said that Kira would need more surgery. She would probably lose her legs entirely; right up to the hip joint on both sides. To my shame, but also my excitement, I was thinking, "My God, what could I do with a woman like that? So light and moveable. I could carry and turn her every which way to get my way with her." 

Imagine with me: lifting her and shifting her; access to every opening, one after the other; emptying her from stomach and bladder and bowel; filling her wherever I wanted and she in a haze of movement and penetration and excitement.

Isn't that awful? But the thought came to me. And I know Kira: she'll revel and glory in everything that happens to her. We shall both become completely debauched and exhausted and utterly disgraceful.

 Also, Alice said the surgeon had ruled against the corset-bodice, on the grounds that it restricted blood supply to Kira's lower body. Kira had spent the last few weeks tightening the corset to its limit and had made her waist tiny. She had cried for a whole day and night at the surgeon's ruling, and gone into a depression for some time. And I also had the thought, "Would I still find her so exciting and erotic if she wasn't so tightly corseted to her anatomical limit?" If I got access to Kira again, I'll tighten that corset to its absolute minimum, until she was asking to be released.

Isn't sexual desire overwhelming sometimes? 

 Since all these new problems had happened to her, Kira had not mentioned my name, not once. Alice believed that Kira was thinking of herself as no longer even a human being, and certainly not a full woman. 

 "Will you come to see her at short notice if she asks?" Alice asked but I replied, "I'll soon be out of the country for some months. Still, please keep me informed anyway." 

 So it was fixed. If Kira asks for me at any time, I would make the journey somehow. 

 Five months have now gone by and she still hasn't called me. And I haven't had the nerve to call the hospital.

That is my current situation and I miss her sexuality more than I can tell; but also am part-afraid that she will actually call for me. Then what shall I do?

But if she does, I'll write another chapter and let you know.