 Have you been thinking about me during your day? Thinking about wanting me... being teased by me? Are you horny? More importantly, are you horny for me? When you knock on my door, will your cock already be hard in anticipation? I hope so, because I am horny for you, baby...

I'm waiting for you when you knock. I open the door to you. I'm wearing only black lace thong panties and black stilettos. You look gorgeous as always, and I fight back the urge to devour you while we are standing in the hallway. Just admiring smiles, coy hellos... and some long lusty kisses... and a brush of my hand (yes, it slipped) tells me that you are indeed "happy" to see me.

I take your hand and lead you to the bedroom. While kissing you, I remove your pants and then your shirt... you are naked... and my favourite "little man" is begging for attention (and "he" won't be alone in "begging" tonight). You realize that my painting barstool is in the bedroom... dare you ask why? I lead you over to it, still kissing you and force you to take a seat. I playfully straddle you, letting you kiss my breasts, running my hands down your arms... and then stealthily slipping the restraints over your wrists and cinching them tight so your hands are behind your back, tied to the seat back. I slide off your lap. Bow my head and take your cock in my mouth, lightly... gently teasing you with my tongue. Then I slide farther down, caressing your legs, until I am at your feet... which I securely tie with the restraints to the stool legs.

"You are to hold off coming, mister, until you can stand it no more... no matter what I do. And when you can stand it no longer, you must beg me... and I mean really beg me to allow you to release the tension and then - and only then - will I take you to the bed and ride you until you fill me. Oh, and make no mistake, there will be consequences if you come without what I deem sufficient notice and imploration." 

The chair is almost touching the edge of the bed. I remove my panties and climb onto the bed - still in the stilettos. I prop myself up with pillows and place my high-heeled feet on your knees. I am sitting up enough that I can look directly into your eyes. I start to caress myself, running my hands over my belly, down my thighs and back up until I find my breasts. My legs are closed - you can only see the top part of my pussy. I arch my back and break eye contact as I reach my nipples and start massaging and pinching them... lightly at first. I am nearing orgasm. I open my legs, fully exposing my pussy to you. You want to touch me... kiss and bite my nipples, lick my clit... but there is nothing you can do except watch me pleasure myself. With one hand still working my nipple, the other is now between my legs, stroking my clit, then rubbing my inner thighs and back to my clit. In circular motions I massage my clit and then slowly slide a finger - two fingers into my cunt for a few strokes, then back to my clit, then inside again. It is delicious and I want to come. Other than the odd "oh, baby" escaping your lips, you have been silently watching the show. Your cock, rock hard and pointing to the ceiling, says everything you are not. I reach over to the find the vibrator I strategically left on the bed and I press it against my clit. The vibrations are exquisite. I work it around and into my pussy, burying it deep. With one hand I work little it in and out and the other stimulates my clit. You watch intently as I come in a gale of moans, my body twisting and arching and trembling. When I'm done, I toss the vibrator aside, insert my fingers back into my wetness for a few more strokes. Then I get up and climb into your lap. My soaking pussy slides quickly onto your hardness and I squeeze you tight. I push my cum covered fingers into your mouth and you roll your tongue around them, licking them clean. "I want you, babe", you whisper... which is not nearly enough for me to allow you to come yet.

I "dismount" from your lap and come around to stand behind you. Kissing the back of your neck and shoulders... sometimes nipping your skin. My hands are all over you... your chest, belly, top of your thighs, innocent, easy soft strokes of your cock. Kneading your shoulders, neck and head... pulling your head back and kissing your mouth hard. I fill my hands with lube and run them down your chests to your groin. I take your cock in both hands and begin the slow dance of a masterful hand job... sometimes speeding up... sometimes slowing down. Sliding down and over your balls... pressing your magic spot with one hand while stroking "the big guy" with the other. You are gasping and moaning... and wiggling. "Don't you dare come in my hands now", I whisper. "Yes... I mean no... yes... stop, stop," you mumble. I release my grip on you... and then slide the cock ring down to the base to help you hold on.

I untie your feet and then release your hands from the chair, keeping them in the restraints and then tying them together behind your back. I take you to the bed and lean you face down, feet on the floor, butt in the air, and your hands restrained behind you... I am holding the restraint. Your ass is all mine, baby! I caress it nicely. Kiss the small of your back and down your cheeks. I then run my finger down your crack, tease your butt and then your balls and the base of your cock from the back. There is still lube on my hand... on your cock and balls... I insert my finger into your anus. I am no longer holding the strap of the restraint, but you don't know that. With my free hand I have picked up the riding crop and give you several hard flicks on your butt cheek. Another couple of flicks and then a hard smack with my bare hand. You are squirming... maybe in painful pleasure... you start to beg... "baby, please let me fuck you... I want to fuck you so badly... I want to fuck your pussy and then flip you over and have you take me balls deep in your ass... I want to come... have to come... please!"

"You can have me any way you want, but only after you have treated me to a little face time..." The restraints are entirely removed and you gladly position yourself between my legs so that I can watch you lick and suck and finger fuck me to several orgasms.

As I give you a few strokes to get you hard again and slide off the cock ring, I say, "I have had my fun with you and you have satisfied and implored me somewhat sufficiently, so now you can take me and come any way you choose".

"Well, then," you say, "I want you to..."

(To be continued)