 As usual, strictly fictitious stuff, intended for grownups. If that's not you, please go out and play. If it is, I appreciate feedback. 

Is it cruel to let him do this when I'm not going to let him fuck me?

Oh, come on. We're at a football game, in the middle of 60,000 people. Surely he doesn't think he's going to fuck me.

But then, he is a guy; maybe he does. Maybe I'm leading him on.

Wait a minute. How am I leading him on? Did I ask him to press himself up against my ass? I did not. I didn't stop him, but I didn't start it. I suppose I should have stopped him, but…well, it does feel nice. And kind of naughty. And everyone likes to feel desirable. There, I've rationalized it to myself.

I wish I could remember who was sitting behind me! Some guys, some girls, I remember that, but which one was right behind me? I remember there was one really cute guy, maybe it's him. I guess it doesn't matter; with everyone standing to cheer, people have moved around anyway. They're just bleachers, after all, not really seats. At least for once in my life I'm glad I'm short enough that I have to stand on the bleacher seat to see. It makes the fit with him nice, whoever he is. Brings my ass up to where it cups right in to his crotch. I love that spooned-together feeling.

I guess I should have stopped him when he put his hands on my hips. But they feel so good – strong, and holding me against him, but gentle at the same time. It is a guy, isn't it? Oh -- it certainly is. I guess clichés have to start somewhere; it really does feel like there's a flashlight in his pocket. It's kind of exciting to think that I do that to him.

Heck, this is harmless. Not much more than flirting, really.

Where's he going? Don't back away! Wait, he's doing something between us. Did he just pull down his zipper? He did. There's nothing between his dick and me but my skirt. There, his hands are back on my hips. Funny how that feels comfortable. Yes, that's it, press it back against me. Mmm, it feels so nice like that. It nestles right into my butt crack. I wish I could reach back and touch it.

Thank goodness it's such a close game. There's no chance anyone's sitting back down before the end. Sixty thousand people screaming their heads off and I barely hear them.

This is nice. I wish I could lay my head back against him – just letting him be my pretend lover for a few minutes -- but I suppose that would be too obvious. Maybe I could press my ass against him a little, though. I bet he'd like that. There. Yep, I'm sure that little squeeze to my hips meant he likes it.

Now what? What's he doing with his hands? Oh, he's lifting the back of my skirt.

Good, he's back. It does feel nicer with just my underwear between us. Wish I'd worn a thong. This is nice, though. Well, more than nice. Pretty damned hot, actually. It's amazing how well I can feel him. Hard, and warm. I can tell I'm getting wet. God, I wish I could touch it! Or at least see it.

He knows I'm not going to let him fuck me, doesn't he? He must.

Hmm, what's this? He's running it down my ass. I bet that feels good for him. It doesn't feel bad for me, either. I'm not sure where he thinks he's going with that thing, though. Maybe I'm going to have to stop him after all.

No, apparently he just wants it lower. Maybe it's more comfortable for him. Not for me though. Maybe if I moved my feet apart a little…yes, much better, that makes a little room for it.

That's funny! He's pressing against me in time with the cheering. I wonder if he's just humping without thinking about it or if he has a sense of humor.

If I just move my leg a little…there. That lets him slide between my legs. Mmm, that's much better, with nothing between his skin and mine. He's so warm. Hot almost. And hard but yet silky smooth. God, I almost wish I could let him fuck me. I'm getting so hot. I wonder if I could just touch myself a little? No, someone would notice. Funny how some faceless guy can have his dick between my legs and nobody can tell, but I can't play with myself. Maybe just a little? No, damn it. No fair! He can run his dick between my legs and nobody can tell, but I can't even play with myself a little. Maybe I could kind of rub my clit against him. No, not without looking really weird. Damn!

Funny what this does to my senses. The noise is deafening, but I'm tuning it right out. And because I can't see what's going in, it really seems to focus the feeling. I feel like I could read the date on a quarter with the skin on the inside of my thighs. Even the smells are intense. I can smell popcorn, even though nobody close to me has any. I can smell beer, I think on his breath. And a whiff of weed from someplace. That smell to the air that you only get on these cool, crisp fall days.

Oh my. He's standing perfectly still and yet somehow he can make it move. It must be something like when I do those PC exercises. Do guys have those muscles? I'll have to look it up sometime.

I'll just squeeze a little bit with my thighs. Oh yeah, he likes that. Again…there. Ha! I can tell this is driving him crazy. Whoops, I think that little laugh was out loud. No one seems to have noticed.

Damn it, the game's almost over. We only have a minute or so left. Just as well, I suppose.

Ooh, that was a strong one. Does he lift weights with that thing or something? Whew, there's another. Another. Is he going to…He sure is! Oh!

That feels really different, outside me like that. I can feel it sort of throbbing…and then – splash, hot, and wet.

There, he seems to be done. It feels so warm! I suppose it will just be cold and wet in a few minutes, but it feels nice right now. Feels like a lot, too, I'll bet it's going to run down my legs. I'm not sure what I'm going to do about that, but I'll worry about it later. I don't really want to wipe it off, I like knowing it's there. Maybe I'll show my girlfriend when the crowd thins out. She will just freak!

That's so sweet, he's not pulling away. He's holding my hips, gently, almost saying something with his touch. What a sucker I am. A faceless dick comes on me, and it makes me feel all romantic that he's being nice about it.

People are staring to move, though. The game must be over. Maybe I'll start to pull apart. There. What? What's with the holding on? Oh, I'll have to give him a second if he's going to tuck it back in his pants without anybody noticing. Too funny. Wow, I miss feeling it between my legs already. There, I think he's zipped. That's it, make sure my skirt falls back down. Yes, he's backing away. 

Should I turn around?