 This is a fantasy, not something that really happened. The things that happen didn't really, and very likely don't to a regular street walker. You'll also notice, no condoms, this being a fantasy nobody has anything to be scared of, if you decide to try being a street walker, or escort or anything involving having sex for money, or just having sex with strange men, take lots and lots of condoms.

I had the strongest case of the jitters, I hadn't been standing out there for very long, but being out there as a common whore is a very nerve wracking thing. Suppose my folks came by, suppose someone I knew came by, suppose the cops came by and rounded us up. I wasn't the only woman there selling her body. Luckily for me as it turns out, I have the largest breasts and I don't look like I'm strung out on drugs.

My outfit didn't help much, I had worn the slutiest whorish thing I could, I was in a black mini skirt that ended about an inch below my shaven pussy, my shirt was little more than cloth covering my nipples, black fishnet stocking and no bra or panties. I knew I had to have easy access to whatever part of me the john wanted.

The other whores kinda adopted me after about 5 minutes, taught me the right way to stand there, what to say, how much I should charge, and most importantly the right way to tell if he or she is a cop.

I had been standing there maybe 20 minutes when a car pulls up and stops in front of me. I get a friendly push from the whore I had been standing with and chatting, so I hopefully sexily sauntered down to the car and leaned into the window.

"Hi hun, looking for a good time?" I ask the rather handsome man sitting in the car in my best sexy drawl.

"Holy shit you look good, I hope I have enough, how much for your services?" He asks me back, practically drooling.

"Well first things first, you gotta show me your dick so I know your not some cop."

"I am so not some cop, but if it will make you happy take a look." He tells me before unzipping his pants and pulling out a very nice hard cock, maybe 7 inches long, not very thick, but so not a pencil either.

"Hun for you, the whole package costs $60." I tell him drooling into his car, I was supposed to charge more, but I was horny and his cock looked so tasty and I just knew he would fuck me so well.

John's wallet practically flew out of his pocket and opened right up, with shaking hands he pulls out 3 $20 bills and holds them out to me, not very far, but far enough for me to see that he had $60. The car door opened at my touch it seemed and I slid into that car with him. As I shut the door the other whores are clapping and whistling at my first trip into a john's car.

As I turn to face him he pulls away from the corner I had been standing at and stops at the next light. He takes the $60 in his hand and slips it into my top, making sure to feel up my whores tits in the process, then he asked me the question I had been dying to hear for the last half hour.

"Where are we going to go so you can be a good whore and earn your money?"

"Hun pull in here and pull around back, there's a wall back there so nobody can see us without pulling into the lot." 

Without another word he pulls into the store parking lot and goes around back. Shutting off the car and the lights he turns to me, the only light coming from his dashboard giving his face an almost ghastly look, his eyes however showing me the lust I can feel between my legs.

Without a word I lean down into his crotch and unzip him, pulling his cock free of his shorts again, and then pulling his pants down to the floor. With a mutter I work his shoes free and then pull his pants off the rest of the way. Taking his half hard cock in my hand I slowly run my hand up and down him getting him hard again. Before I can take him in my mouth he kisses me, I open my lips accepting his tongue while he kisses me passionately for a few moments then he draws back. Instantly my head is between his legs, his hard cock sinking into my mouth. One hand wrapped around the part of his cock I hadn't gotten in my mouth yet, the other cupping his balls and running one finger along that part of him between his balls and ass.

He moans as I get the whole of him in my mouth, my nose buried in his hairs. At first I just stay there, enjoying the feel of him all the way in my mouth and down my throat, listening to him moan and tell me how good a cocksucking whore I am. I take my now free hand and slide it down my body until it's below my black mini skirt. With little effort my finger plunges into my dripping pussy as my head bobs up and down on john.

I can feel the cock in my whoring mouth start to swell up, causing me to moan and bob my head faster, my tongue swirling around him as fast as I can manage, suddenly johns hands are on my head and he is pulling me away from his cock. I try and get him back in my mouth but stop when he slaps me, not hard just enough to wake me up. 

"I'd love to cum in your mouth whore, but I don't have much time left, pull up that skirt and spread your legs." He tells me, his eyes lighting up as I am doing just that before he is finished saying it.

He climbs on me, lines his cock up and shoves it in me, it's a very good thing I was dripping already. He lay on me a moment, not to long but long enough to get me mewling and pumping my hips at him. With a grin he starts pumping his cock in and out of my whoring cunt. On about the 5th pump I had taken I was cumming all over my john's cock, screaming at him to fuck me harder. He did to, at the end of it I was bouncing my head off the car door, and loving every second of it. Every time he pulled back I was thrusting back at him to get his cock back in me, somehow finding the way to thrust back at him when he pumped into me as well, it must have been a sight to see, a lowly whore on her back, her hips pumping upwards in a never ending attempt to take her john's cock farther inside her.

It's little wonder that after about 15 minutes of being fucked hard, john was grunting and burying himself deep in me. I couldn't help but moan as I felt each squirt of his cum shooting into me. I had done it, I was a good whore, I got my john to shoot his hot load into me and earned the money he paid me.

After he was done shooting in me and I had milked the last of him out with my hips moving back and forth under him, I opened the car door and got out, straightened my clothes as best as possible and walked back to my corner, his cum oozing out of me and down my legs as I walked. I paused every few steps to catch some on my fingers and bring it to my mouth. I so love the flavor of my pussy being well fucked and creamed.

I reach the corner again, get a couple of high five's from the other whores and begin to strut my ass all over my corner, I am now a whore with a mission, to get paid to spread my legs and swallow for every guy that comes along.