 "This was a setup!" Erica exclaimed as she wiped a strand of cum from her lips. "You betrayed the Division, Klaus!"

"Hardly!" retorted Klaus von Hammerhard. "I was merely presented with a more advantageous opportunity. Perhaps Whore Division should think harder about sending such an inexperienced junior agent to satisfy their clients next time."

Klaus stroked his sleek blonde hair idly, and leaned back on his desk with his arms folded, as if bored.

"You seemed well satisfied to me," Erica said dryly, her hands curling up into fists.

"Perhaps," replied Klaus coldly, "but Amanda here simply offered such a well-rounded experience. I could not pass it up. The device will go to her and Slut Directorate."

Amanda shot Erica a smug look as she stood beside Klaus, a hand on one hip and the other twirling a lock of her wavy auburn hair. Amanda looked as slutty and evil as ever in a cleavage popping black vest and skin-tight black leather pants that accentuated every curved inch of her long legs. Erica had to admit she looked stunningly hot, and it made her all the more furious over how she had been upstaged.

Erica glared at the athletic, busty Amanda. The bitch had been Erica's arch-rival ever since she began training at Whore Division. When Amanda had shown her true colours by betraying Division and defecting to Slut Directorate, Erica had sworn to avenge her agency by taking Amanda down. But every time she encountered the auburn-haired slut, Amanda was always one step ahead.

Now, yet again, Amanda had come out on top.

Erica decided to try another angle of attack, "come now, Klaus. You haven't yet sampled everything I have to offer. Perhaps you shouldn't be so rash to make a decision."

"Please," said Klaus, "you think I haven't read your file? You've only just made agent. You haven't even been sanctioned to fuck yet. You were just here on a routine suck off."

"Maybe not, but I'm willing to bend the rules," said Erica, slowly walking over to Klaus in long, sultry movements. "If, that is, the device goes to Whore Division like you agreed."

"Klaus," warned Amanda, "you said the device will go with me. You know she won't be able to fuck you like I will."

Klaus shoved Amanda aside and grabbed Erica by her long brown hair in a tight fist.

"I'll do whatever I please, and I'll fuck whoever I please!" growled Klaus. "Let's consider negotiations re-opened! I'll fuck this little teen Erica here first, and afterwards if you can do better than her, Amanda, the device will go to you. If you're as good as you say, Mandy, there shouldn't be a problem!"

Klaus then roughly pushed Erica down, bending her over his desk until her breasts were pressed against the surface and her round ass stuck out over the edge. Erica gasped, but let herself be shoved down. This was the best option she could hope for. A proper fuck contest between herself and Amanda. She was sure that her tight, young body would win Klaus over and allow her to complete her mission. It would be close, but at least now she would have a fighting chance.

From the corner of her eye, Erica could see Amanda smouldering with rage as she looked on. Clearly things weren't going to plan for her. Erica grinned to herself, happy to finally be outfoxing the she-fox herself.

Then Klaus began lifting up the end of Erica's tiny red dress over her tanned ass, revealing her lacy black panties and the black suspenders holding up her stockings. With a low hiss, Klaus gasped as he pulled down the panties and revealed Erica's glistening pussy, already slick with juices in anticipation.

Klaus could not resist. He bent down and ran his tongue across her, making Erica shudder with pleasure. He kissed and licked and slurped on her gorgeous slit, making it run with juices as Erica began to whimper and writhe, feeling her heat and pleasure build.

Yet before Erica could really get lost in the sensations, Klaus suddenly stood and she gasped in surprise and delight as she felt the thick, smooth cock she had sucked off not minutes earlier press against her opening and slowly begin to push inside her from behind.

"Get ready to be fucked, Agent Erica," moaned Klaus, as he thrust powerfully forward and impaled his aching member inside the pretty brunette bent over his desk before him.

**

24 Hours Earlier.

"Erica, you're late!" yelled Director Booker.

"Sorry sir, I was held up in medical. Doc was having a bit of trouble concentrating because of his huge erection so I was blowing-"

"You're an agent now, Erica," sighed Booker, "you don't need to suck every hard-on in the agency just because it's there anymore. That's trainee duty."

As if to punctuate his point Booker patted the bobbing head of the petite little brunette on her knees in front of him. Erica recognised the girl as Cara, a fair skinned enthusiastic eighteen year old trainee with a lot of potential that had just joined Whore Division. She was in the middle of giving very thorough head to Director Booker, and slurped away noisily as her shimmering shoulder length raven hair bounced along with her energetic bobbing. Cara was wearing a cute sky blue sundress and looked as pretty as a picture; but for the incongruity of the Director's giant, bulging cock crammed in her mouth.

Erica herself had serviced Booker and other Division personnel plenty of times as a trainee. Booker especially; tall, black and solidly thick in every way, had been one of Erica's favourites. But now she was a proper agent. Her little trial assignment with Matt the other day had been a resounding success, and seen her promoted well ahead of her class on the basis of her outstanding oral abilities. At just nineteen, Erica was one of the youngest people to be promoted to full agent in Whore Division's history. It was a tremendous point of pride for her, but now she mused that she would have to adapt much faster if she was to be taken seriously. Showing up late to her first briefing was not giving the best impression.

"Let's continue with the briefing than, shall we," said Booker.

Erica took a seat in one of the empty chairs in the office. There was no desk or table, instead just a small semi-circular scattering of chairs around a large monitor in the wall, which Director Booker stood to the side of. Erica smoothed out her crisp, tight blouse; strategically unbuttoned to reveal a sizeable eyeful of cleavage while still leaving room for wanting more. Her tight red leather mini skirt slowly rode up her thighs as she crossed her long legs and showed off her crimson heels. Erica's long straight brown hair was tied up into a high ponytail, and her pale eyes cast their gaze across the room to see who else was in the briefing.

Besides Director Booker and Cara, there were two others in the room, both agents.

Michael was a ruggedly handsome, charming stud of a young man with wavy light brown hair and a shade of stubble. He had been one of Erica's main instructors during her traineeship, and she couldn't help but feel drawn to his cool, calm demeanour and lean body. They'd had many a hot, steamy training session; and more than a few private ones on the side. Just being in the room with him was enough to get her feeling hot and bothered.

Well, that, and the noisy little blowjob Cara was giving the sexy, black Director. As much as Erica had grown used to such activities at Division, it was always hard to ignore too.

The other agent was Lucille, a slim, haughty blonde that Erica had always detested. Lucille was aloof and difficult to get to know under the best of circumstances, and she had always given Erica an especially hard time during training. At just twenty one years old, Lucille had only graduated to agent less than a year ago, but in that time she had made sure to pick on Erica whenever she was instructing. Many a time, Lucille had made Erica to suck off one guy after another until her jaw was aching and her neck was sore from exhaustion.

On the monitor before them were several photographs and schematics. Booker, still being attended to by Cara, gave a groan of pleasure before proceeding with the briefing.

"The man in the picture is Klaus von Hammerhard," began Booker. "He runs a small but well connected private security firm called Denizen, and has had low level contact with Whore Division on occasion. He provides us with critical information; we indulge him in our special services."

Cara chose this moment to cheekily wiggle her face down further on Booker's meaty black cock and took it down her throat with a great squelching sound. Booker tried his best to maintain his impassive expression, but Erica could see his eye twitching as he grunted in response. Erica struggled not to giggle, and bit on her lip to stifle it. From the corner of her eye, Erica could see Michael grinning and Lucille rolling her eyes.

"Ahem," said Booker as if clearing his throat. "Hammerhard is a small level player, and we haven't bothered much with him in the past. But his company has recently come into possession of an item that we have a very keen interest in. Whore Division has been tasked with retrieving that item."

"Is that the schematics of it there?" asked Lucille, indicating to an image on the monitor.

"Yes, that's the device," answered Booker. "It's a prototype. We call it the Botton Device, after the scientist who developed it. Whore Division has been after the Botton Device for some time."

"That's a strange schematic," commented Michael. "It looks like an ancient sketch, not an engineering plan."

"That's because it is," said Booker. "The device is based on a design that's hundreds of years old, using science well ahead of its time. That's one of the many mysteries that will be solved once we get our hands on- ugghh!"

Booker gasped in reaction to Cara's oral ministrations. She had been steadily deep throating Booker back and forth in the meantime, and his cock was fast approaching climax. Looking up at him with her wide bright blue eyes, Cara pulled her head back until just cock head rested on her tongue and then clamping her pink lips tight around it she began to rapidly suck and bob her mouth. Focussing just on the head, Cara slid her lips and tongue over it with hyperactive speed and urgency, maintaining her blue-eyed gaze on Booker's face and reactions the entire time.

Ever the professional, Booker continued to deliver his briefing through ragged breaths as he rested his hands on the back of Cara's bobbing brunette head, urging her to keep up the good work.

"The mission is... ahhh... simple," moaned Booker as Cara sucked him off. "Erica, you're to visit Hammerhard at the night club which operates as the front for his business. It's a routine exchange... oh fuck yes Cara! Ahem. Blow Hammerhard. Retrieve the Botton Device. Uhhh! Uhh! Oh yeah... Then get the hell out of there. Michael will provide logistical support and be on hand to step in. Lucille, you'll run interference, make sure Erica gets in to see Hammerhard without being disturbed. Ahhh! Aaaghh! So close... You all leave in two hours!"

Unable to split his attention any longer, Booker lurched his throbbing cock out of Cara's mouth and grabbed hold of it with one of his great big hands. He began wanking furiously over Cara's face.

"Here it comes!" boomed Director Booker, his hand a blur over his cock.

With a great, trembling shout the Director came. His cock spurted heavily onto Cara's pale, picturesque face. The first blast unloaded from her forehead down to her waiting open mouth, and she squealed gleefully as she took it. The second sailed over her face to splatter in her lovely dark hair. With a grunt, Booker delivered two more streaks of cum over her freckled cheeks and lovely pink lips. With a long, satisfied sigh, he pushed his thick cock back into Cara's mouth and let her clean it off for him.

Erica couldn't help but moan and wiggle in her seat. She was hungry for cock now, and didn't think she could wait until the mission to get her fix. Looking around the room, even Michael and Lucille seemed stirred up by the debauched display.

Looking up, Booker glared at the three agents who remained in their seats, transfixed by the sight of Cara with a full cum load unleashed on her pretty face and hair.

"Dismissed!" Director Booker barked at his agents, sending them scurrying from the room.

**

Erica was making eyes at Michael, biting her lip in her best attempt to pull off a sultry look as she undid another button in her blouse to expose more tanned cleavage for him.

She had cornered Michael in his cramped little office just after their briefing with Booker. The display Cara had given sucking off the Director had made Erica incredibly horny. That together with her rising nerves over her first mission as an agent, and she desperately needed a nice, solid cock in her for some relief.

Michael was still laughing her off, smiling indulgently as she tried to stir him up.

"Honestly Erica, I just came from a pretty thorough training session with Tiffany. We were going at it pretty hard. I'm completely spent!" Michael insisted.

Erica pouted at his protests, undoing another button on her blouse and revealing her lacy black bra beneath.

"Completely?" asked Erica, batting her eyelids at Michael innocently as she pressed into him. She grinned up at him as she reached down lightly stroked her fingers over the outline of his cock in his suit trousers. She could feel its bulge twitching and stiffening as she traced her fingernails over it. Gently rubbing his balls, Michael tried, but failed, to suppress a moan.

Spurred on by the success she was having, Erica deftly unbuckled Michael's trousers and quickly unzipped them, yanking them to the floor along with his boxers.

Michael's rigid cock sprang out, thrusting up in the air at attention and already glistening with precum on the tip.

"Well, not completely..." groaned Michael.

"Good," smiled Erica wickedly as she pushed him down onto the little sofa in the room, scattering stacks of files and papers lying about in the process.

Hiking her short red skirt up around her waist, Erica dropped her panties and climbed onto the sofa after Michael, planting her legs on either side of him as she straddled the sexy agent. She was already soaking wet with excitement. Grabbing hold of his erect cock, she guided it up into her snug hot pussy as she impaled herself on him with a scream of ecstasy.

Throwing her head back and bracing her hands on Michael's powerful, toned shoulders, Erica gasped and yelled in delight as she began riding the incredible stud beneath her. Her long hair flung around her as she shook and moaned; her back arching as she took his long cock straight up into her.

Erica was still wearing her clothes and they were getting increasingly dishevelled as they fucked. Michael pawed and fondled Erica's breasts through them, hungrily planting his mouth in her tremendous cleavage.

Their fucking was fast and desperate, as they both thrust relentlessly against each other in a feverish struggle to climax.

As Erica approached her peak, Michael grabbed her butt and began slamming his cock rapidly inside of her, driving her over the edge. Erica screamed and convulsed powerfully as she orgasmed, her thighs squeezing Michael's waist until he gasped.

"Get on the floor!" Michael demanded breathlessly.

Still quivering from her own climax, Erica complied, shakily getting off Michael and dropping to her knees before him. She brought her face in line with his cock just in time, her mouth wide open to receive his gift.

With a roar Michael exploded into Erica's waiting mouth. His cock barraged her extended tongue and moist lips with rapid jets of cum. Finally the spurting subsided and Erica swallowed what she could as cum dripped off her lips and down onto her chest and cleavage.

It was only then, as the two of them caught their breath that they noticed an angry-looking Lucille standing in the doorway. Erica couldn't help but detect a hint of jealousy across the face of the stern but sexy blonde.

"Get off your asses you two and get yourselves cleaned up," ordered Lucille. "Erica, you have to be dressed and ready for action in fifteen minutes. I'm not having you screw up your first mission on my watch!"

With that, Lucille stormed off.

Still basking in the afterglow of her satisfying fuck, Erica turned back to Michael and made a little pout.

"So, you ready for your first mission as an agent, Erica?" asked Michael, a big grin on his stubbled face.

Erica poked her tongue at him.

"I am now," said the sultry brunette, as another trickle of cum rolled off her lips and fell into her cleavage.

**

To be continued...