 Erica gave a quick peek over her shoulder to make sure no one was around in the garden park, then bent at the waist and slipped her pouty lips around the thick cock jutting out of Matt's jeans in front of her. She moaned as she took the bulging cock head in her mouth, and then stifled a squeal as Matt suddenly thrust deeper. Erica indulged him with a few quick bobs of her head, gripping his waist with her hands for support.

Erica withdrew her mouth from the cock with a slick popping sound, and stood up, hands resting on her hips. Matt's cock swelled even larger at the sight of her, twitching with anticipation. Erica was a nineteen year old knockout; tall and slender, with a light tan; long brown hair with a sexy fringe; stunning pale eyes and smirking, pouty lips. She had pert, perky natural breasts, a tiny waist, and the tightest round little ass Matt had ever seen. To top it off, she flaunted her figure, dressed in a tight scarlet tank top that cut off to show her midriff and the tiniest pair of mini denim shorts that hugged her ass like a second skin. Knee length heeled 'fuck me' boots completed the irresistible image.

Matt had the foxy teenager at his disposal. Just seeing Erica dressed so slutty had been enough to get Matt instantly hard, but watching her drop to her knees and giving him an eyeful of her impossibly tight tanned cleavage had his cock raging. He needed his dick in her mouth again. He had heard of her rising reputation for some time now; she was one of the best new cocksuckers around. Now she was on her knees before him, her face just inches from his throbbing cock. She had just given him a small tease, a taste of her wet lips and agile tongue, but now he needed the whole thing. Every last inch buried in her gobbling gullet. A frenzied face fucking. He needed the perfect blowjob from the hottest teen whore in town.

He didn't have to wait long.

Erica looked up at Matt, her lips hovering over his cock as she breathed on it. Her pink tongue snaked out and flicked the end, making the cock jump in response. With a smirk, she gave another lick, and another, and another. Matt was gritting his teeth as the pretty brunette kept teasing his cock head with her tongue. Pleasure shot through him in jolts, and Erica could see and feel the effect she was having on the young man.

Before he grew too impatient, Erica deftly gave a long lick up Matt's shaft and proceeded to take his cock into her warm, hungry mouth. Matt grunted as Erica's lips wrapped tightly on his cock and felt her mouth move steadily over his flesh to take his raging boner further down. The feeling of warmth and wetness and her slick agile tongue as his cock slid further was incredible.

Then he felt her suck. Hard. Her cheeks hollowed and her eyes still watched him as she slurped on his cock with vacuum-like suction. Matt let out a long, low groan as the slender young brunette began bobbing her head. With rhythmic motions Erica steadily built up speed and pressure as she dragged her lips back to the rim of the cock head, swirling her tongue around and then pushed back down again to take another few inches of the shaft. Back and forth she continued her steady blowjob, bobbing hungrily on the raging cock in her mouth, leaving it soaked with her spit.

Matt moaned as she blew him. The pleasure was amazing. But he needed more. He knew just how talented she really was, and he was determined to experience her oral skills to the fullest. Matt grabbed her head in his hands firmly, wrapping his fingers around her silky brown hair until he had a solid grip. Erica knew what was coming and opened her mouth even wider, tilting her head to the perfect angle.

With a loud growl Matt held Erica's head down and gave a mighty thrust deep into her mouth. His cock surged forward, ramming against the opening of Erica's throat, but it was so tight it hadn't yet pushed in. Grunting, Matt began to thrust away at Erica's gorgeous face, pummelling her tight throat until it gave way and his cock slid into its depths with a great squelching noise. Matt gave a triumphant yell and held Erica's face down, forcing her to deep throat him. Erica was no stranger to a rough throat fuck, and while she gagged a little she happily kept her face impaled on Matt's cock.

"Mmmmnnnghh!" Erica moaned, her voice muffled around Matt's dick.

Her rosy lips clung to the base of his shaft, her nose buried in his belly. Matt's firm grip kept her head in place as he began making quick, sharp thrusts while still lodged firmly in her throat. Erica could feel Matt quivering with pleasure as he face fucked her in earnest, pushing in and out of her throat as he relentlessly made use of her mouth. Suddenly Matt made an especially powerful thrust, ramming his cock straight down Erica's throat. Erica gagged heavily and her throat constricted around the solid dick meat crammed down her gullet.

Matt's cock exploded, surging forward and blasting a wave of hot cum into Erica's throat and straight to her belly. Erica felt his cock begin to withdraw until the head was pulsing on her tongue and unloading another shot of cum. She moaned around his spurting cock in pleasure and sucked firmly but gently as two more waves filled her mouth. Finally, Matt slowly withdrew his spent dick, wiping the tip on Erica's pouty lips and leaving a streak of white cum from them to her chin.

Erica opened her mouth wide; showing off the tremendous load Matt had deposited, and then threw her head back and swallowed the lot. With a grin she licked her lips and wiped off the cum on her chin with a finger, sucking it off before hopping up happily to her feet.

Matt was stuffing his cock back in his jeans, and had a glazed look plastered over his face.

"So, I trust you'll send over your report to Whore Division soon?" asked Erica. "They'll be expecting it. I'm almost a full special agent, and your satisfaction might be just enough to get me promoted!"

"Of course," answered Matt. "It'll be a glowing review. That was fucking spectacular! With a mouth like that you'll be one of the best agents Whore Division has out there for sure. I'm surprised you weren't an agent already!"

"Oh, it takes a lot of cocks to suck before we make full agent," answered Erica. "Plus I still need more training in comprehensive fucking, anal attendance and group service dynamics. It's a very intense course. My specialty is the oral component, as you just witnessed." 

"I'll say!" Exclaimed Matt, still a bit delirious from the blowjob. "Hey, so will I see you around again Erica?"

The sexy brunette had already begun to walk off, but paused to throw a look over her shoulder at Matt, her long hair whirling around her as she fixed him with her pale, clear eyes.

"Wherever there's a hard, thick cock in this city that needs our special service, you can be sure I'll be there! After all, that's what Whore Division exists for," said Erica with a wink.

And with that, the slim, slutty brunette strutted away into the distance, her tight ass cheeks swaying in the grip of her tiny denim shorts.