 Erica awoke to the sound of chirping birds and the luxurious smell of freshly baked croissants. As she slowly opened her eyes and took in her surroundings, she seemed to be in some sort of wealthy countryside estate. She was in a room with great big windows looking out onto a beautiful pastoral landscape; green fields; grazing cows; a bright blue morning sky.

The room itself was sumptuously decorated, filled with antique furniture, thick rugs, ottomans and cushions. An old clock ticked on a nearby wall. Before Erica was a coffee table, laid out with the fresh croissants she had smelled, looking delicious and golden brown, along with a pot of brewed coffee and a bowl of fresh fruit.

Still feeling sluggish, Erica only just seemed to realise that she was sitting in a chair, and instinctively tried to reach out to the food before her. That was when she noticed her arms were bound behind the chair, handcuffs securing her wrists together.

Then Erica's memories started to flood back to her. Her mission in France to retrieve the serum. Her desperate last ditch attempt to open the safe on the train. The GIGN commando squad that burst in and arrested her at a very awkward moment. After that, there was nothing until she had just woken up here. She was a prisoner.

The tall, slender brunette looked down at herself and saw that she had been changed by someone since her mission and arrest. She was wearing a revealing black negligee that left little to the imagination, her stunning tanned legs and tight cleavage completely exposed for anyone to see.

"I see our little Division prisoner is awake finally," came a woman's voice Erica recognised. "I'll admit, the sedative we gave you was strong, but I didn't think you'd be out for so long. You must have been more exhausted than I realised from all your hard probation work at Division..."

Erica knew it was Amanda the moment she spoke.

Shit, thought Erica. I've been captured by Slut Directorate!

Amanda was Erica's greatest arch rival. She had once been a fellow agent at Whore Division, but had defected and joined the nefarious criminal syndicate Slut Directorate instead, betraying her country and her colleagues.

Amanda smiled at Erica, her face dripping with evil satisfaction. With long wavy auburn hair, a killer athletic body, the face of an angel, and the heart of a devil, Amanda was a serious villainous bitch. She was dressed in nothing more than white lingerie; a frilly French style bra and panties; and lacy stockings suspended with a garter belt.

"I should have known you'd be behind this," growled Erica.

"Me?" asked Amanda, feigning surprise. "No no no, my colleagues and I at the Directorate simply did what we were told to retrieve the Xanthium serum. We weren't the ones that put you on that train. We weren't the ones that sold you out to us."

"What do you mean sold me out? What are you talking about?" demanded Erica.

"Come now, I know you're not as cunning as me, but even you should be able to figure it out by now," teased Amanda.

"Slut Directorate knew I was coming," gasped Erica. "That's why I was intercepted on the train so fast. Someone tipped you off?"

Amanda took a seat on a couch opposite Erica, lazing back on it as she nodded.

"But the only people who knew about the mission were in Division," said Erica, more to herself than Amanda. "Which means we have a leak within Division! Someone has been feeding Slut Directorate information from inside our organisation!"

"How does it feel to lose so badly?" laughed Amanda.

"You'll pay for this!" shouted Erica, struggling against her cuffs.

"Please, calm down, you'll hurt yourself," said Amanda. "And we don't want to hurt you... yet."

"Where are we?" asked Erica suspiciously. "What do you want from me?"

"We are Chateau Derriere, deep in the French countryside," answered Amanda. "Don't bother trying to escape; there is nowhere to go, even if you make it outside the Chateau. This is a highly secure Directorate facility, and I wouldn't be telling you that if we had any intention of getting out of here. As for what I want from you, I don't want anything at all..."

Amanda's gaze moved off to the side and watched smiling as a huge man with a brooding expression suddenly entered and stood right before Erica, completely naked, his crotch right before Erica's face. The man was hung like a stallion, and every inch of his body seemed rippling with dark muscle.

"Claude on the other hand, is most interested in interrogating a live Whore Division agent in the flesh," continued Amanda. "He has a very special craving and fresh Division agents are his favourite dessert. It may take a few months, perhaps longer if you fight it, but by the end you'll be begging to join Slut Directorate, just like I was."

Erica shuddered as she watched Claude's mighty member twitch and stir to life before her eyes. It rose on its own, without being stroked or touched, engorging to its full and enormous length and girth. Throbbing with need, the hot, angry dick looked as though it wanted to lunge out at Erica and impale itself in any hole it could find.

Erica guessed that probably wasn't far from the truth.

"You haven't even asked me what you want from me yet," said Erica. "Aren't you going to interrogate me?"

"We already have a spy within Division, we don't need information," sighed Amanda. "But our leader has decided that you would prove a valuable asset if turned. So you're going to remain at the Chateau Derriere until we make a real slut out of you. You'll find you will have a lot of freedom here, but there are expectations too. As our prisoner, anyone can approach and make use of you at anytime, and you must cooperate or you will spend time in the dungeon. Aside from that however you have free roam of the Chateau and may partake in all its offerings."

"I'll never join you!" yelled Erica. "I'm a whore agent! I'll never betray my country!"

Amanda laughed louder than ever at that.

"Your country has no idea you exist! You still don't know the truth about Whore Division do you?" exclaimed Amanda. "That's just too sad. Oh well, you'll learn soon enough. She's all yours, Claude."

Claude shuffled closer to Erica, his trembling penis mere inches from her mouth.

"Suck," Claude commanded.

"No way," replied Erica through clenched teeth. She would not break that easy.

"I know you hate anal, Erica," piped up Amanda from the couch. "Claude is going to claim your ass just a few minutes from now. Trust me; you want him lubed up with as much of your spit as possible before he does."

Erica looked alarmed, but still refused to open her mouth.

"You still won't blow him?" asked Amanda. "Well, I'm not a complete bitch. Claude, come over here."

Amanda beckoned Claude over and he quickly moved over to the sultry auburn haired girl on the couch, presenting his raging cock to her.

"See, I'll even do this for you, just this once," said Amanda before leaning her head forward and taking Claude's cock into her slutty mouth.

"Mmmmmnnnhhhhh hmmmmmmnnnn," Amanda moaned noisily as she slurped on the head of the cock.

Rolling her tongue around the swollen gland, Amanda slid her lips firmly down the shaft as she began to suck back and forth further on the dick. Soon she was coating almost half the cock with her spit as she bobbed her head steadily on the angry penis.

Claude groaned in pleasure, letting Amanda work him over before she finally pulled off and spat a big wad of saliva onto his cock, letting it soak it.

"Now, Erica, prepare to be fucked up the ass," smiled Amanda as Claude suddenly closed in on a trembling, nervous Erica.

**

Erica was lying flat, face down, on a sumptuous bed, held down by the mighty Claude. Her dark hair was flung about over her face, as she had been roughly thrown down just moments before. Her black negligee had been hiked up over her hips to reveal her incredibly tight ass as she lay on her stomach.

Above and behind her was Claude, positioning himself over Erica's ass with his hard cock at the ready, aiming for her tight little rear hole.

Erica had fought and begged and reasoned with Claude in an attempt to escape or have him help her. But Claude either didn't speak much English or didn't care to, and was too strong to be overwhelmed, and so he simply dragged the young brunette to a luxurious bedroom in the Chateau and proceeded with his single minded ambition of mounting her from behind.

Erica could feel his cock suddenly nudging against her back door, and then her eyes went wide with alarm as the fat head suddenly pushed inside her ass.

"Uuuhhhh! Fuck!" Erica screamed in pain as Claude entered her.

She could feel the shaft pushing slowly but relentlessly forward between her ass cheeks and into her incredibly tight hole. Further and further it went, making Erica wail with agony until almost half of the length of the cock was buried in her ass. Amanda's spit seemed to be helping a little as lube, but not by much.

"Oh fuck! Please, do it gently-" Erica pleaded before being cut off as Claude gave a hard, slamming thrust into her. "Ughhhh!"

Claude thrust again, his hands moving to Erica's tiny waist for leverage.

"Aaaaagh!" Erica screamed as the next pounding slam of Claude's hips came.

Slam!

"Uuuuuughh!"

Slam!

"Gaaaahh!"

Slam!

"Aaaahh, stop!"

Slam! Slam! Slam!

"Fuck! Slow, down, it's too much!" Erica yelled.

But Claude was unrelenting. His cock was now thrusting balls deep as he pounded Erica's incredible ass, his belly slamming into her firm ass cheeks. In and out of her clutching sphincter Claude's cock surged, throbbing with violent lust as it impaled Erica. Claude was almost hunched over Erica now, ploughing her from behind with grunts of ecstasy and unbridled roughness.

Erica could do nothing but scream and moan into the bed as Claude claimed her with his furious ass fucking.

Luckily for Erica, it didn't last too long. Anal fucking was not Erica's specialisation at Whore Division, and she did not enjoy it very much, doing it only when absolutely necessary. It meant however that she was especially tight, and few men ever lasted more than a few minutes in her perfect posterior.

Claude was no exception.

With an animalistic growl, Claude pulled out from her ass just as he was approaching break neck speed with his thrusting, and quickly shuffled up the bed.

Grabbing Erica's hair roughly, Claude forced the luscious brunette to twist around and bring her face level to his cock. Then with his other hand, Claude frantically stroked himself, aiming his trembling dick at point blank range at Erica's face.

"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaargghhh!" bellowed Claude as the first volley of white cum erupted from his cock, splattering across Erica's nose, forehead and hair.

Another blast of spunk followed, and then another, and another, smacking Erica's cheeks, lips and eyes, making her wince.

The last trickle of cum dribbled out onto Erica's chin, and then Claude proceeded to wipe his cock clean in Erica's hair, outraging the already humiliated brunette agent.

"Rest now," said Claude in a deep voice and thick accent Erica could not quite make out. "Tomorrow we begin your training."

"My training? What was that just now then?" Erica couldn't help asking, aghast.

"You are very hot," shrugged Claude. "And I always like to sample the new recruits. There are clothes in the closet there. You are free to roam the Chateau, but you cannot leave the grounds – or you will trigger the security system."

"Yeah, yeah, no escape, I get it," muttered Erica, trying to wipe the cum out of her eyes with her fingers.

No escape! We'll see about that... thought Erica with a devious grin.

**

The next day Erica was tentatively exploring the Chateau, scouting out the building for any information she could scour and potential weaknesses in its security to help her escape. After a surprisingly delicious breakfast she had found herself eventually in the Chateau's grand old library room, filled with great tall shelves of books and even a row of state of the art computers.

Excited at the possibility of perhaps being able to send a message to the outside world and alert Whore Division to her imprisonment, Erica had leaped onto the nearest computer, but despaired to find that they all seemed to have security locks on them. Erica was sealed off from the world beyond.

"Ahem, can I help you mademoiselle?" came a nervous sounding voice.

Erica spun around to see a young man in a tweed suit and bow tie standing nervously to the side, clutching a few books in his hands.

"Oh, hi," said Erica, looking the man up and down, "you're not what I expected to find in this place. Who are you?"

"I'm Anthony Borgia," said the young man, extending a hand for Erica to shake. "I work here."

"Really? You're with Slut Directorate? Forgive me for saying, but you don't seem the type..." said Erica.

Beneath his nerdy fashion, Anthony actually looked quite handsome, but he didn't exactly seem very sexually charged.

"Oh, I'm not a field agent," said Anthony. "I'm a researcher. I spend most of my time here at the Chateau. And you are our new guest, I take it?"

Anthony was staring at Erica nervously, but with obvious lust.

Erica had found quite a wide selection of clothes for her to choose from in her Chateau room, from beautiful gowns to elaborate kinky costumes, but she settled finally for the casual summer wear of a low cut white tank top under a red tartan shirt that she left unbuttoned enough to highlight her amazing tanned cleavage. She had coupled it with dark skinny denim jeans. Her ass was still sore from yesterday and she did not want to make it too easy for anyone to fuck her again by wearing a skirt or dress.

Anthony was ogling Erica's breasts with a complete lack of subtlety, but he still seemed too polite or nervous to pull any moves on her.

"Yes, I'm a prisoner here, Antony," answered Erica. "My name's Erica and I am an agent of a foreign government. You have to help me get out of here! The people you work for are bad guys!"

"My family have been working for the Directorate for generations," said Anthony. "Even if I wanted to help you, I couldn't go against my family; this is the only life I know. Besides, it isn't so bad here. You'll see."

"Damn it, fine," said Erica. "At least could you help me with these computers? I need to... check the latest gossip on Will and Kate..."

"Oh, I don't know about that, I'm not supposed to let you use the terminals," said Anthony.

"Please Anthony? It won't be for long! No one will find out."

Anthony shook his head firmly.

"What if I could give you something in return...?" flirted Erica, pushing closer to Anthony until her breasts rubbed up against him.

"Um, no thanks, I mean, I want to, but I'm not allowed..." mumbled Anthony. "I'm forbidden to get any sexual gratification until I finish my project and graduate as a full researcher. My father is very strict on the issue."

"What?" exclaimed Erica. "But this whole place is filled with sex! On my way up here I passed a pretty vocal threesome in the foyer. It's Slut Directorate for crying out loud, and you can't get any?"

"Not even a hand job," said Anthony moodily. "I mean there are a lot of hot young women here, and it's great to watch when they're sucking or fucking right there in front of you, but it gets so frustrating not being able to do anything with them." 

"You know what, fuck the rules and fuck what your father says!" said Erica. "I'm not one of them, and I don't plan on following their rules. If you help me out, I'll give you the time of your life. And you know I'll be good, I'm a Whore Division agent after all."

"No way, I'll get caught!" protested Anthony. "And then I'll be forbidden from sex forever!"

"Then come with me," whispered Erica huskily. "I need to escape from here. If you help me, I can take you with me. You can join us at Whore Division, and every gorgeous girl there will be giving you blowjobs and letting you fuck us as much as you want."

Erica reinforced the point by grinding her body against his.

"Oh fuck me," moaned Anthony. "Ah, fuck it, why not! I want you to service me before I help you though. But not here, I don't want to be caught."

"You promise to help me escape afterwards?" asked Erica.

"Yes, absolutely, I'll do anything for the chance to have that sweet mouth of yours around my cock! I've heard the rumors from Amanda, I know what a great cock sucker you are!" enthused Anthony.

"Ok, where can we go?" asked Erica as she pressed her body up against Anthony. She could feel his bulge convexing through his tweed trousers.

"Meet me in the archive room in two hours, no one bothers to go there but me most of the time," said Anthony, "I have to finish something first. Gosh, I can't wait! See you then, Erica!"

With that, Anthony awkwardly spun around and made his way out of the room, constantly glancing back at Erica with patent lust.

Erica smiled to herself. Now she had an opening. It would be up to her to seize whatever other opportunities presented themselves.

**

For the next hour Erica spent time familiarising herself with the Chateau and its grounds, trying to scout its perimeter and detect whatever security systems it might have. There seemed to be little evidence of surveillance or security within the Chateau, but once outside on the estate she began to spot hidden cameras, sensors and other electronic devices that were clearly designed to keep the Chateau secure.

Unfortunately as the time was counting down towards her secret meet with Anthony, Erica had begun to attract the interest and attention of several Slut Directorate personnel. They weren't alerted to Erica's plans of escape; rather they seemed to fancy possessing Erica to slake their lust with. Erica hurried away, hoping to move fast enough that they wouldn't stop and demand she service them.

Erica was then passing through the communal outdoor eatery, designed almost like a cafe within the Chateau and opening up onto the lovely sunlit grounds, hoping to find a snack of delicious food. There were only a few people about. A couple of men and women sitting and enjoying coffee, talking mostly in French.

As Erica swept by, one of the men called out to her to stop in coarse English. Erica turned to look at him and gasped.

He was an older man, with grizzled facial hair and flinty eyes, dressed in a light grey suit. He was lounging back in his chair, while next to him a young and very petite slim blonde woman wearing a halter top and mini skirt was leaning over and bobbing her head on his erect penis.

The man continued to watch Erica with a snarl of lust as he gripped a handful of the blonde's hair and forced her head up and down on his raging boner, occasionally pushing down hard to make her deep throat him with a great wet squelch and gagging sound.

"Come here," growled the man at Erica, beckoning her over with a crooked finger.

Nervous, and fully aware of Slut Directorate's policy of sexual compliance, Erica obeyed until she was standing before the man and watching the young blonde doing her best to suck cock.

The man reached up and without any subtlety grabbed hold of both of Erica's breasts in his groping hands. He gripped and squeezed her boobs through her tank top and tartan shirt with unrestrained abandon, roughly feeling them up as he groaned.

Erica moaned with discomfort and once the man had groped to his heart's content, he let go and then yanked the blonde girl from her blowjob, pulling her up by the hair. He muttered something to her in French, and the girl looked positively relieved to have been let up, breathing hard and eyeing Erica curiously.

The man then got to his feet and moved to stand behind Erica, sliding his grubby hands over her lithe young body. His cock was still out and Erica could feel it pressing up against her butt through her jeans. It felt hard and warm, stiff and ready for action. Erica could guess what was going to come next.
