 The sexy nineteen year old brunette Erica stood at attention in Director Booker's office, nervously biting her lip. She had only just made full agent in Whore Division, but her very first mission had gone badly awry when she was thwarted by her nemesis Amanda of the rival agency Slut Directorate.

Director Booker was not at all pleased, standing with his arms crossed and a frighteningly intense expression on his face. The big, black Director had promoted Erica well ahead of most of her trainee class, and was clearly embarrassed and furious that she had failed her mission so spectacularly.

Erica fidgeted as she stood before Booker in little more than a black tank top, denim mini skirt and a few accessories. She had dressed casually because she knew she had been rostered for training today, but standing before the Director she now felt quite underdressed. She had already been debriefed after her mission, and Booker knew all the sordid details, but he nevertheless insisted that she come up to see him.

Booker had already spent the past ten minutes grilling her over her incompetence, but now that he had blown off that steam, he had settled into a more dark and pensive mood. Erica always found the Director a little intimidating, and reflected that she preferred him angry and yelling than the intensity of his silent brooding.

"Erica, refresh my memory..." began Director Booker, "what do you think Whore Division is?"

"Sir," answered Erica, quickly and professionally, "Whore Division is an elite black ops branch of the Sexual Intelligence Agency, dedicated to gathering intelligence and performing high risk operations to protect and advance the national interest."

"Very good," said Booker darkly, "and what do we do at Whore Division?"

"We leverage sexual power and ability to achieve objectives set by Division, sir," replied Erica.

"Indeed we do, Erica," whispered Booker menacingly. "Why then, on a simple suck-and-fetch mission did you fail to retrieve the Botton Device and complete the objective I set you?"

"I- I'm sorry, sir" answered Erica, completely dejected.

"I keep running it over in my mind, and something just isn't sitting right," growled Booker.

"What do you mean, sir?" asked Erica.

"Well I know where you went wrong," said Booker. "That was painfully clear. Completely amateurish! After already being alerted to the possibility that an enemy agent had reached Hammerhard, you nevertheless proceeded without backup. Then, without obtaining the Botton Device, without even verifying Klaus had it with him, you simply got on your knees and sucked him off! We're whores here at Division, not sluts! Payment always comes first, and then we provide service. Finally, when Amanda does show up, what do you do? You offer to let Hammerhard fuck you! Even though that had not been sanctioned for this mission."

"At the time I thought I had to improvise," said Erica.

"Look, I give you credit for taking initiative," said Booker. "But there's a reason we don't sanction fucking for low grade clients like Hammerhard. Higher level sexual service is reserved for the most crucial clients and missions. If we let any two-bit scumbag have their way with our agents then it's not worth anything to the top clientele! That's why this mission was blowjobs only. That's why I chose you, because your oral expertise is some of the best I've ever seen in all my years at Division. I thought this would be a straightforward first mission for you."

"Amanda showing up," complained Erica, "it threw me off, sir."

"Yes, Amanda," said Booker, stroking his chin. "Under no circumstance should you have even entertained the idea of a fucking competition with Amanda. Not only would she have beaten you, but she plays dirty, as you well saw. She simply killed Klaus and walked out with the Botton Device while you were busy bent over the table having been fucked when you weren't supposed to!"

"It was my mistake, sir," said Erica. "It won't happen again."

"That's not what's bothering me though," said Booker finally. "You were outmatched and unprepared to take on as devious an enemy as Amanda, that's clear. But why was she there in the first place? The Botton Device was extremely valuable, but Klaus had no idea of its true worth. And there was no way Slut Directorate should have known the deal was going down. Not fast enough to get an agent like Amanda in play at the least."

"What are you saying, Director?" asked Erica.

"I don't know yet," growled Booker. "But I don't like the implications. It may be we have a leak in our organisation, and I intend to find it and fix it."

"Trust me, Director, Amanda won't screw me over next time," insisted Erica.

"Next time?" snapped Booker. "What makes you think there'll be a next time after your performance? No, I think it's clear Division needs to re-evaluate your position for the time being."

"No!" exclaimed Erica. "Please sir, I'll do anything!"

"Well, Erica, you can start by sucking my cock!" said Booker as he unzipped his trousers and pulled his raging hard black cock out. "I've needed to blow a load all morning and I can't find Cara anywhere today."

"But sir," said Erica, "I thought blowing Division personnel was trainee duty..."

"After your screw up mission, consider yourself on probation!" growled Booker. "Now get down there and put those pouty lips of yours to work!"

Erica sighed and dropped to her knees before Director Booker, feeling her mini denim skirt ride up her tanned thighs a little more as she did so. Tossing her long shiny dark brown hair over her shoulder, she looked up at the big, black man before her, her stunning pale eyes resting under a sexy fringe of bangs. Her tight little black tank top offered a tremendous view of her incredible cleavage. Her breasts weren't huge, but they were very perky, and looked simply irresistible squished together in her bra and tank top.

Booker's thick black cock rose out of his unzipped trousers before Erica's face like a towering obelisk. Erica had sucked his monster of a phallus off plenty of times before as a trainee, but she was supposed to be a full agent now, and being reduced to servicing Division personnel again at their whims was a touch humiliating.

Still, Erica didn't want to be thrown back into traineeship altogether so she braced her hands on Booker's thighs and leaned forward to take his twitching member into her mouth.

As the thick cock head passed Erica's rosy lips and pushed over her warm, wet tongue, she was suddenly reminded of just how large and wide the Director's cock was. As her lips were stretched she kept opening her mouth wider and wider to accommodate the immense black dick which just kept filling her mouth.

Pretty soon Erica found her mouth crammed with dick meat, and the cock wasn't stopping there but instead pushed onwards towards her throat.

"Mmmmmff!" Erica moaned in muffled protest.

"That's it, Erica, take it all," encouraged Booker. "I know it's been a while, but you can do it. Cara's the only trainee since you that can fully deep throat me, you know. I've become very fond of that girl's bottomless mouth. But it's good to sample your exceptional skills again."

"Mmmmnnn hmmmm," Erica mumbled around his cock as she attempted to say 'thank you'.

Booker meanwhile had reached down a great big hand and stuffed it into Erica's tank top, busily groping her breasts and fondling her tight cleavage as she continued to slurp away on his rod.

With an effort, Erica screwed her eyes shut and gave a mighty lunge with her head, until with a pop she felt Booker's cock squeeze into her silky slippery throat and took him to the base.

"Unnnghhh mmnghhh!" Erica grunted as she pressed her nose into Booker's belly and his balls slap against her chin.

"Oh yeah, get it right in there, Erica!" gasped Booker. "By the way, as part of your reprimand you'll be on sexual service duty for Division personnel all week, so you'll want to keep your pager on so you can be notified when somebody needs your lips and tongue on them."

Erica gagged on his cock as he said that, pulling back a few inches to bob and suck on the shaft. A whole week of sucking off Division staff and who knows what else, thought Erica with alarm. She wasn't sure how she was going to get through the day alone. She tried to compile a mental list of all the people who might possibly need or want relief from her pouty lips as she continued to blow off Director Booker.

"Damn Erica, I forgot how good you were at this, I'm going to blow!" yelled Booker.

Booker shook Erica out of her thoughts with a sudden jerk of his mighty cock as he came suddenly and violently in her mouth. Hot cum raced across her tongue and splattered against her throat as it gushed out in great bursts. Erica raced to swallow it all, not wanting it to spill out and stain the tank top she would be wearing for the rest of the day.

The Director however had other ideas. Pulling out of her slick mouth with a wet pop, he proceeded to wipe off the mix of saliva and cum left on his soaking shaft on Erica's cleavage, getting the swirl of juices all over her tank top in the process.

With a satisfied grunt, Booker stuffed his cock back into his trousers.

"That's to remind you what you'll be doing all week for screwing up your mission," said Booker, nodding at the cum soaking into Erica's tank top. "Oh, and by the way, no fucking until the end of the week. Only blowjobs, you understand?"

"But sir!" Erica protested.

"I think a little pleasure deprivation will do good to remind you not to fail a mission next time," said Booker, "and if you do well at keeping Division staff pleased and serviced with that talented tongue of yours, I'll consider ending your probation early and you can fuck to your heart's content. Think of it as motivation."

"Yes sir," said Erica with a flicker of irritation as she stood up and hurried out of the room. Her pager was already buzzing away. It seemed a lot of staff at Whore Division were already eager to be serviced by the tall and sultry young brunette, and they weren't going to wait around to get it.

Erica shook her head as she strutted out of the room. It was going to be a long day.

**

Erica's eyes went wide as another load of hot cum burst into her open and waiting mouth.

She had just gulped down a fresh load of steaming cum from a sexy latino Division agent. The beautiful bronzed man had been reviewing files on EMP weapons proliferation and badly needed some sweet relief for his aching boner. Word had got around Division quickly that Erica was on staff service duty or the "suck rounds" as much of the personnel had come to call it, and the tall and leggy brunette was in high demand.

Not ten minutes earlier she had blown a senior analyst, and five minutes before that she speed sucked a young maintenance man off in just under three minutes. To Erica's growing irritation, both the analyst and the maintenance guy had pulled out at the last second and blasted their hot spunk all over her chest and tank top. She had cleaned up her cleavage as best she could, but she didn't have any time to change or wash off the stains in her tight fitting top.

She resolved to have her next clients cum in her mouth, rather than further ruin her outfit.

Erica had a reputation around Division as having one of the most incredible and talented mouths in the whole agency, despite her relatively junior status as a newly promoted agent. Despite the nature of their work as a branch of Sexual Intelligence, agents weren't constantly copulating with each other, usually reserving their highly honed skills for assignments and operations. Sexual relief was standard procedure at Division, but the task fell mostly to the young and enthusiastic trainees; and even then only when their rigorous training timetables permitted.

The opportunity to sample the oral abilities Erica had on offer had already become a hot commodity around Division. Word spread rapidly that her delectable blowjobs were on the market, and many among the male staffers were quickly queuing up for the chance to have their dick sucked by Erica's sweet mouth. Even a few of the female personnel at Division were keenly considering a good licking and eating out by the nineteen year old knockout, though her skills in that department were nowhere near as good as her legendary cock sucking abilities.

No sooner had she swallowed down the agent's load then she had to race off to her next appointment, even as her pager kept beeping with new alerts.

Erica hurried into Medical and made straight for Doc's office. She found him patiently waiting, reviewing charts and data on a large flat screen monitor, dressed in an immaculate white doctor's lab coat.

'Doc', or Doctor McCreamy, was Division's resident medical and biochemical science expert, and specialised in keeping agents healthy and hale, as well as boosting them with some rather cunning chemical compounds that Doc had drummed up in his lab. Doctor McCreamy was also an incredibly attractive man, with a suave refined look that only enhanced the sexy 'doctor' image in the minds of Division's female agents. He had fine, chiselled features, and smooth dark hair dashed with silver.

Without even waiting for an invitation, Erica dove to her knees and hastily unbuckled Doc's pants and yanked them to a bundle around his feet. She inwardly cursed herself for wearing a mini skirt instead of jeans, as her knees were already beginning to grow a little sore from all the kneeling she was doing.

"Ah Erica, you made it!" said Doc McCreamy. "I have something special for you today, part of an experiment on a new solution I've been working on."

Erica didn't bother stopping to acknowledge this, and instead proceeded to wrap her smooth lips around Doc's already burgeoning cock. She had a lot of cock to get through today, and she was already behind schedule.

Sensing this, Doc continued, "I see you're in a bit of a hurry, so I'll just keep explaining while you suck me off, Erica."

Erica gave a little moan around the cock in her mouth to show she understood, and then settled her bobbing head into a fast but steady rhythm of cock sucking as she pushed her ovaled lips up and down the length of the shaft.

"You see, I'm testing a new serum that's designed to make male cum especially tasty and flavoursome," said Doc. "Division agents usually spend a lot of time on blowjobs on assignment, and consume a lot of cum in the line of duty. While every agent is well trained and able to deal with a variety of cum tastes, many clients do not have the best tasting spunk in the world."

Erica listened on, but kept bobbing her head on his cock, looking up often to meet the Doc's gaze with her own smoky sensual pale eyes. Doc in turn rested his hands on the back of Erica's head, running his fingers through her striking long brown hair as he urged her oral ministrations on.

"When this serum is consumed by a client, within only a matter of minutes the chemical composition of their cum is subtly and delicately changed into the most wondrous and delicious array of flavours." Doc continued. "Each man seems to produce a different flavour set for his cum, but they are all quite tasty according to the girls who have sampled them so far."

"Ahhnnn hmmmnnhh," Erica mumbled as she sucked faster and harder, intrigued by the concept. Tasty cum would certainly help a great deal in her line of work; this week in particular.

"There's a separate one for women I'm working on too, but the compounds are quite different and a lot more complex so that may take some time longer," said Doc. "In the meantime, I have dosed myself up with some serum myself and hope that you'll find the results quite enjoyable."

"Mmmmm hmmm," replied Erica, providing a great view of her cleavage in her now somewhat cum-stained black tank top as she knelt and sucked.

"Speak of the devil," said Doc McCreamy with unnatural calm as without warning he began to ejaculate massive quantities of creamy cum into Erica's sucking mouth.

Erica moaned in amazement as she received the load.

"Ahhh, thankyou Erica, that was most satisfactory," said Doc McCreamy as he finished cumming in her mouth with a sigh of contentment.

Erica swirled the Doc's cum around in her mouth with relish. The Doc was right. The cum tasted incredible! It was hot and sticky like always, but instead of salty and musky, it tasted sweet and light. She could detect bursts of strawberries and hints of apple cider in the cum flavour. The overall effect was delicious, and she swallowed it down with excitement before happily licking Doc's cock clean.

"That was amazing, Doc!" Erica laughed. "You have got to get this on the menu for Division staff this week, I think I may need it to get through all the blowjobs I have to give!"

Doc smiled, "I'll certainly try Erica, but there's still a lot of testing to go. We're still getting unusual flavours turn up. One young woman reported tasting shepherd's pie the other day."

"Ok, I really got to run Doc!" said Erica as she leaped to her feet. "And thanks for not blowing your load all over my tank top; I'm trying not to let it get too messy today."

"Of course," said Doc. "Besides I needed you to taste my cum directly for the experiment, not lick it off clothing. Although, that brings up an interesting prospect about bio-engineering cum that doesn't stain textile materials..."

Erica didn't hear the rest as she was already out the door and running to her next blowjob appointment.

**

"So how is this going to work exactly?" asked Erica with puzzlement.

"It's pretty simple," replied Kenzie Fox, "all you have to do is sit in the car like normal, and lean your head out the window. For today we're not going anywhere, it's just for testing purposes."

"It's pretty low to the ground," commented Erica as she took the a seat in the sexy red sports car, still wearing her cum-stained tank top and denim mini skirt.

"It's designed that way," said Kenzie. "It puts your head at perfect crotch level. That way, all you have to do is roll down the window and stick your head out a little and you'll be at the ideal position to give head to a client standing outside the car door."

"Aha," said Kenzie as she stretched out in the car and powered down the window with the push of a button.

"Think of it as a drive thru, where you can just roll by and pick up some cum loads without ever having to get out of the car!" said Kenzie cheerfully.

Kenzie Fox was Division's resident 'gear slut'. She was a crazy for anything mechanical, and took care of all the specialised vehicles agents often used on missions, as well as inventing new and diabolical gadgets to take into the field. Kenzie was not only car-crazy and a genius, but smoking hot too. She fine had dark hair held back in a messy ponytail, sharp green eyes, olive skin, and an athletic figure to die for. Not only was she naturally hot, but she had a penchant for dressing down when she was busy buried away in her workshop. Today she was in nothing more than a patterned string bikini, a leather jacket, combat boots, and a utility belt of power tools slung around her waist.

Erica meanwhile, was nearing the end of a long day of providing blowjob relief to dozens of Division personnel. Her clothes were streaked with dry (and not-so-dry) cum, and she hadn't even had time to service all the people paging her with requests. She had done what she could with her able mouth and agile tongue, but after a whole day's worth of sucking cock, her neck was sore, her knees aching, and her jaw exhausted.

However, when Kenzie had paged her, Erica was more than happy to fit in her request. She had always liked Kenzie, and the two of them had gotten up to more than a little mischief around Division in their days. If the 'gear slut' needed a favour, Erica was willing to help out.
