 "Hammerhard isn't taking visitors right now," growled the hulking guard as he eyed the two luscious young women before him.

Erica and Lucille were both dressed for clubbing, scantily clad in outfits specially prepared by Division, and the guard was worked up as it was already.

Erica was a nineteen year old brunette with pale eyes, a luscious tan, and long straightened hair with a sultry fringe. Her long, leggy body had been poured into a tiny red dress over black lingerie, suspenders and stockings. Hints of her lacy black bra and a generous portion of tanned cleavage were on full display as she had strutted through the club, turning more than a few heads.

Beside her the twenty one year old slim, frosty blonde Lucille was more casually underdressed, sporting a blue halter top and a tiny pair of navy shorts that showed off her smooth creamy legs.

Seeing these two foxy young women was doing little to alleviate the guard's growing lust. Instead of being attended to like his boss, he was stuck on door duty to the private VIP area of Club Zeitgeist.

Club Zeitgeist was one of the hottest clubs in the city. It wasn't at all large, but it was extremely exclusive, and both its owners and its patrons valued the security and secrecy Zeitgeist provided. The fact that it was also the front of Klaus von Hammerhard's notorious private security firm Denizen made it all the more difficult to access.

Whore Division however had maintained a loose relationship with Hammerhard for some time, and its agents had full access to Zeitgeist on the odd occasion when its owner had valuable information to trade in exchange for Division's delectable services.

Tonight's occasion was more critical; Klaus von Hammerhard was not offering simply information, but the highly prized Botton Device.

Erica, with backup from fellow agents Michael and Lucille, had been tasked with specially attending to Klaus von Hammerhard and retrieving the Botton Device. It was a routine mission, and Erica was not expecting any trouble or difficulties. It was her very first proper mission as a full agent, and the stunning brunette was eager to prove herself to Director Booker back at Division, as well as perhaps show off a little to Agent Michael in the process.

Only now, there seemed to be something wrong, and agents Erica and Lucille weren't getting the access they were promised. Instead a stubborn, hulking bodyguard stood in their way.

"Your boss is expecting us," said Erica. "This was all arranged already."

"We're from Division," added Lucille.

"Fuck, how many sluts does Mr. Hammerhard need," grumbled the guard, "I just sent your friend up not more than ten minutes ago!"

Lucille shot Erica an alarmed look.

"What do you mean you sent someone up already?" Erica asked the guard.

"The bitchy chick in the tight leather pants," answered the guard. "Had a real fine ass. Why can't I get service from someone like that..."

"We need to get up there right away!" exclaimed Erica.

The guard crossed his beefy arms and shook his head.

"Boss was pretty clear there were to be no interruptions," said the guard. "And I'll be damned if I send up some more hot pieces of tail without getting any myself.

Erica and Lucille both exchanged knowing glances. The guard wanted in on the action if he was going to let them pass, and they were perfectly capable of providing him with the service he desired. But each moment they wasted the greater the risk of blowing their mission.

"Give us a moment," Lucille told the guard before pulling Erica away with her out of earshot.

"Ok Erica, this mission has just gotten complicated," Lucille whispered urgently to her partner.

"We're going to have to offer the guard something," said Erica. "We need to get that device and we can't do that if he doesn't let us through to see Klaus. Maybe we could let him feel us up?"

"I don't see that guard letting us through without getting anything less than a blowjob," said Lucille flatly. "But this is supposed to be a routine assignment, and we haven't been sanctioned to service some lowly goons."

"We're going to have to do something, we need to get in to see Klaus!" said Erica. "What about Michael? Could he find another way in for us?"

"Michael's got his hands full fucking the bartender girl, a known information dealer, from tipping off any of our rivals that we're here and the trade is going down now. He needs to be keeping her busy until we get out of here with the device."

"Shit, of course," swore Erica. "But what are we going to do?"

"Look it's breaking protocol, but this kind of obstacle can happen on missions," sighed Lucille. "That's where we have to improvise. Adapt. You're getting your first real taste of what working for Division is really like. Plus I'm worried about who the hell this other girl is that's been sent up to him already."

"What are you thinking? Could it be Slut Directorate?" asked Erica, her eyes wide with alarm.

Slut Directorate was a shadowy and powerful crime syndicate that had been arch-enemies of Whore Division for many years. They operated much as Whore Division did, using special sexual services to gather intelligence and accomplish risky operations. However Slut Directorate used this to advance their evil goals of world domination. The thought that they would be going up against them on her first mission made Erica shudder.

"I don't think so, it's probably just some random tart from the club," said Lucille, shaking her head. "But if it was Slut Division, we're going to have a big problem on our hands. This is why we need to work out a plan quickly."

"So should we go suck him off together?" asked Erica.

"No, we don't have time for that," said Lucille. "We need to get you in to see Klaus. Look, I'll blow the guard, and we'll leverage that to get you in to Klaus' office to make the trade for the Botton Device. When you get in there, you won't have me for backup because I'll be busy with that meat head's cock stuffed in my mouth, so you'll be on your own. Don't screw it up!"

"I won't," said Erica with steely determination.

With that, the two gorgeous agents strode back over to the guard, their hips swaying as they saucily walked.

"Well?" said block headed guard, licking his lips as he watched the two sexy young women walk right up to him, giving him smoky looks with their eyes. His erection strained painfully against his pants. He hoped desperately they had decided to give him some relief. Lackeys like him never got any service when Division visited Klaus on the odd occasion. He could usually score with some club chicks, but Division girls were in a whole other league. Just once he wanted to feel his cock sucked by some of those perfect pouty lips.

"If you let my friend through to see Klaus, you can come with me and I'll give you a thorough treatment," said Lucille, stroking her fingernails over his chest.

"I want both of you," demanded the guard. "Then you can both go through."

"If you want both of us, all you'll get to do is a little groping," negotiated Lucille, as her fingers now moved down to brush over the guard's bulging cock in his trousers, "but if you let my friend pass, I'll give you the best blowjob of your life."

"Fuck..." growled the guard. "Ok, damn it, fine! You can go through."

The guard moved aside to let Erica squeeze past and head up the stairs behind him to Klaus von Hammerhard's office.

As Erica peeked over her shoulder, she could see the hulking guard already pushing Lucille to her knees while unzipping his trousers with his other hand. In a flash his raging red dick was out. Its girth was massive, and while not incredibly long, the cock's impressive thickness was enough to stop Erica dead in her tracks and watch with her jaw dropped.

The guard roughly seized Lucille's platinum blonde hair into one fist and hurriedly shoved her face down onto his meaty member. Despite the rough urgency of her client, Lucille was a professional and had her mouth ready and wide open to accommodate the stiff dick. Within moments her luscious pink lips were stretched tightly over the cock as she began to fellate the throbbing monster in her wet and willing mouth.

With a start, Erica finally shook herself out of her trance as she watched Lucille begin bobbing her head with the studied experience of a professional agent of Whore Division. Lucille may not have had the same natural talent with blowjobs that Erica possessed, but she had been a qualified agent for some time and had the fundamentals down precisely.

With great effort Erica tore her eyes away from the spectacle and continued up the stairs to Klaus' office.

**

As Erica burst through the door into Klaus' office, she was surprised to see that the tall, blonde man was simply flicking through some papers as he sat at his desk. The office was large and luxurious, though a little creepy. The walls were all aquariums, lit from underneath by moody glowing blue lights as hundreds of tropical fish swam about within.

Other than Klaus and the fish, the office was empty. No mystery woman to speak of.

"You're alone?" Erica blurted out.

Klaus calmly looked up and observed the young brunette, panting slightly from running up the stairs in a hurry. He stroked his hair slowly and beckoned Erica in.

"Ah, I take it you are my guest from Whore Division tonight?" asked Klaus.

"Yes, I'm Erica. I'm here to carry out the trade as agreed for the Botton Device."

"Good. Very good. My, you are a fine specimen. I don't believe we've met before. My name is Klaus von Hammerhard."

"A pleasure, sir."

"You know, it's a shame Whore Division did not see fit to sanction a fuck for us tonight. Apparently I don't warrant highly enough as a client to meet those requirements, despite the rare offer I have made to Division with the Botton Device. It's all the harder since you look so... ravishing."

Klaus leered hungrily at Erica, and she could feel his eyes raking over her body, fixating on her tanned thighs showing between the stockings and the high hem line of the red dress.

"I'm afraid that's out of my control," said Erica. "Perhaps after this trade you'll be upgraded and you can have more of me in the future. But I assure you that in the meantime my oral services are out of this world."

"I don't doubt it... Well Erica, I believe the conditions of the trade have been made clear to you. I have much business to attend to tonight, so we shall make this fast," said Klaus as he leaned back in his chair and unzipped his pants. "Come over here my sweet little thing and get to work."

Breathing a sigh of relief that everything was proceeding as planned, Erica sashayed around the desk and over to Klaus, immediately noticing the man's great big hard-on sticking up from his trousers. Erica knew from her training that often a client like this would usually fancy a bit of fondling and foreplay, perhaps even some stripping, before getting down to the main course, usually in the hopes of drawing out and savouring their time with a Whore Division agent.

Klaus however clearly had no patience for such things tonight.

"Suck," Klaus commanded Erica, signalling her to get on her knees.

Not wasting any time, Erica got down and gave Klaus a spectacular view of her tremendous cleavage all tightly squeezed together in her red dress. Already a little wet from watching Lucille taking the guard's cock in her mouth outside, Erica hungrily wrapped her lips around Klaus' formidable rod and began her contractual blowjob.

Erica moaned with satisfaction as she felt the hot throbbing meat in her mouth, jerking over her tongue as she began bobbing her head with enthusiastic strokes. Erica was already sucking fast, but now she got deeper and deeper, craving to cram as much dick between her pouty red lips as she possibly could.

Klaus was being strangely quiet, but she could hear his breathing rapidly increase and feel his hips begin to urgently push and thrust upwards, aching to get further into Erica's delectable wet mouth.

Encouraged by this, Erica pulled off his cock momentarily and spat a great big wad of saliva back onto Klaus' erect shaft. Then without hesitation she dived her face back onto it, pushing herself down until his cock slid right over her tongue and down deep into her throat.

"Mmmmmnghh! Mnnnhh mmnghh hmmmnn!" Erica hummed and moaned around Klaus' cock as she steadily bobbed her head in great long strokes, feeding the dick in and out of her throat with growing speed and pressure.

"Oh God!" Klaus cried out, his hands now reaching to hold her head down in his lap.

Erica smiled, as best she could, around the cock gagging her mouth. She was finally getting some powerful reactions. It wouldn't be long now.

Though he placed his hands on the back of her head, Klaus didn't use his grip to begin face fucking Erica, instead letting her continue the blowjob at her own pace.

"Ah Erica, your mouth is certainly living up to its reputation," breathed Klaus as the slutty brunette slurped away on his dick. "Keep sucking, I have some business to attend to while you do... You may come back in, Amanda!"

Erica gagged a bit at the mention of that name, compounding the gagging she was taking from the cock in her throat. Amanda? She thought. Surely it couldn't be...

Erica's worst fears were confirmed when she heard the smug, superior voice she instantly knew and recognised as Amanda's. The Amanda that had bested Erica in every single training course at Division. The Amanda that had betrayed Whore Division and defected to Slut Directorate.

"Erica, a full patriotic agent for Whore Division now, on her knees sucking cock as usual," said Amanda in her rich, husky voice. "Yet just like always you're going to be fucked over by me!"

Erica tried to lurch herself off Klaus' cock, but he was having none of it. His hands resting on the back of her head had suddenly gripped her firmly and held her head in place as he finished himself off in her mouth and throat with a sudden barrage of rapid thrusts.

"Uh uh ugh! Oh fuck, take my cum you whore!" Screamed Klaus as he unloaded a jet burst of hot cum into Erica's mouth.

Finally Klaus released her head and she pulled off, her mouth still full of cum as she desperately swallowed what she could, the rest spilling out from between her lips.

"This was a setup!" Erica exclaimed as she wiped a strand of cum from her lips. "You betrayed the Division, Klaus!"

"Hardly!" retorted Klaus von Hammerhard. "I was merely presented with a more advantageous opportunity. Perhaps Whore Division should think harder about sending such an inexperienced junior agent to satisfy their clients next time."

Klaus stroked his sleek blonde hair idly, and leaned back on his desk with his arms folded, as if bored.

"You seemed well satisfied to me," Erica said dryly, her hands curling up into fists.

"Perhaps," replied Klaus coldly, "but Amanda here simply offered such a well-rounded experience. I could not pass it up. The device will go to her and Slut Directorate."

Amanda shot Erica a smug look as she stood beside Klaus, a hand on one hip and the other twirling a lock of her wavy auburn hair. Amanda looked as slutty and evil as ever in a cleavage popping black vest and skin-tight black leather pants that accentuated every curved inch of her long legs. Erica had to admit she looked stunningly hot, and it made her all the more furious over how she had been upstaged.

Erica glared at the athletic, busty Amanda. The bitch had been Erica's arch-rival ever since she began training at Whore Division. When Amanda had shown her true colours by betraying Division and defecting to Slut Directorate, Erica had sworn to avenge her agency by taking Amanda down. But every time she encountered the auburn-haired slut, Amanda was always one step ahead.

Now, yet again, Amanda had come out on top.

Erica decided to try another angle of attack, "come now, Klaus. You haven't yet sampled everything I have to offer. Perhaps you shouldn't be so rash to make a decision."

"Please," said Klaus, "you think I haven't read your file? You've only just made agent. You haven't even been sanctioned to fuck yet. You were just here on a routine suck off."

"Maybe not, but I'm willing to bend the rules," said Erica, slowly walking over to Klaus in long, sultry movements. "If, that is, the device goes to Whore Division like you agreed."

"Klaus," warned Amanda, "you said the device will go with me. You know she won't be able to fuck you like I will."

Klaus shoved Amanda aside and grabbed Erica by her long brown hair in a tight fist.

"I'll do whatever I please, and I'll fuck whoever I please!" growled Klaus. "Let's consider negotiations re-opened! I'll fuck this little teen Erica here first, and afterwards if you can do better than her, Amanda, the device will go to you. If you're as good as you say, Mandy, there shouldn't be a problem!"

Klaus then roughly pushed Erica down, bending her over his desk until her breasts were pressed against the surface and her round ass stuck out over the edge. Erica gasped, but let herself be shoved down. This was the best option she could hope for. A proper fuck contest between herself and Amanda. She was sure that her tight, young body would win Klaus over and allow her to complete her mission. It would be close, but at least now she would have a fighting chance.

From the corner of her eye, Erica could see Amanda smouldering with rage as she looked on. Clearly things weren't going to plan for her. Erica grinned to herself, happy to finally be outfoxing the she-fox herself.

Then Klaus began lifting up the end of Erica's tiny red dress over her tanned ass, revealing her lacy black panties and the black suspenders holding up her stockings. With a low hiss, Klaus gasped as he pulled down the panties and revealed Erica's glistening pussy, already slick with juices in anticipation.

Klaus could not resist. He bent down and ran his tongue across her, making Erica shudder with pleasure. He kissed and licked and slurped on her gorgeous slit, making it run with juices as Erica began to whimper and writhe, feeling her heat and pleasure build.

Yet before Erica could really get lost in the sensations, Klaus suddenly stood and she gasped in surprise and delight as she felt the thick, smooth cock she had sucked off not minutes earlier press against her opening and slowly begin to push inside her from behind.

"Get ready to be fucked, Agent Erica," moaned Klaus, as he thrust powerfully forward and impaled his aching member inside the pretty brunette bent over his desk before him.

Erica felt her eyes roll back in her head and groaned loudly as she felt Klaus enter her from behind with a violent thrust. Her whole body lurched against the desk she was bent over, causing her breasts to slide over the smooth table top with a squeak. Erica gripped the edge of the desk with her hands and tried to prop herself up to look over her shoulder, but Klaus held her down with a firm hand on the small of her back and delivered another great thrust.

"Aaaah!" Erica cried out, half in discomfort, half in ecstasy as Klaus filled up her soaking pussy with his shaft before pulling out and slamming back in again.

"Aaah! Aaaah! Aaaaah!" Erica squealed in pleasurable distress as Klaus von Hammerhard relentlessly pounded her from behind, fulfilling the promise of his surname in the process.

The desk shook each time Klaus thrust as he began picking up speed and delivered his fucking with eagerness. He groaned and grunted with pleasure, feeling the rippling flesh of Erica's tight, young pussy squeeze and clutch at him as he enjoyed the view of her incredible ass and narrow waist. Her long dark brown hair shook around her head as he pummelled her, their silky straight locks falling perfectly over her neck and flushed cheeks.
