 [Okay, I admit I thought of the title first, then wrote the story. And it's not funny if I have to explain it.]

*

"Well, a hand job is $50, a blow job is $100, and I'll do anything you want for $200. And I mean *anything*!" she said, patting her bottom.

I had come in for a massage, but I surmised this was a full service outfit. I did think it was suspicious that they were open 24 hours a day.

"What if I just wanna titty-fuck?" I said. I believe in safe sex.

"I'll do it the same as a hand job," she said like she was doing me a big favor.

I gave her the money, and she headed for the door.

"Get undressed, I'll be right back." I stashed my clothes where I could keep an eye on them, and soon she returned with some sort of disinfectant lotion and some towels.

"You'll get hard when we get to know each other," she said as she washed my limp prick. I wasn't so sure I was going to get hard at all. I wasn't exactly nervous, but obviously she had no interest in having sex with me, and I began to realize that having her want it, want me, is my biggest turn-on.

She stood up, turned towards me, then slid the straps of her dress off her shoulders and, just like that, she was naked. Well, almost naked. She still had on a tiny thong. I was surprised at how large her breasts looked. With her dress on, they had looked pretty petite. I reached for them and started playing with them. They were very nice, better than I expected. I had never been with a woman with boobs that small, but I guess any more than a mouthful is wasted, right? I took one nipple into my mouth while twisting the other between my fingers. Try as I might, her nipples were totally unresponsive. I guess I should have expected as much.

Although I was enjoying this, it certainly wasn't getting me hard. I guess she noticed this, so she lay down in front of me, sort of offering me her ass. And a very nice ass it was indeed. I devoured it with my hands and eyes, and after a few moments, my nose, lips and tongue.

"Ohhh, that feels good," she whispered, the first words to pass between us since we started. I felt a little twinge in my cock. I still wasn't getting hard, but it began to enlarge somewhat. I tried to figure out what I was doing right. She seemed to whimper every time my tongue pushed her thong against her asshole.

She rolled over, and I kissed her tummy, slowly making my way down to the front of her panties. I kissed the inside of her thighs, rubbing my nose into her crotch. She lifted her butt off the bed and pulled off her thong. I pushed my face into her pubic hair.

Her legs parted.

"Hmmm," I thought, "I didn't pay for this. Not that I'm complaining..." I lay between her legs, licking everything in sight. Her cunt was slick but nearly odorless. I wondered how much was her and how much was lube. Why would she have lubed herself if we were just going to titty-fuck?

"Ohhh..." she moaned. Hadn't anybody ever rimmed her before? She seemed to actually like it. Suddenly I realized I was hard. I turned around, hoping she'd get the idea and stroke me. I was shocked to feel her put it in her mouth! "Is she going to charge extra for that?" I thought.

We were furiously 69ing, our hands and fingers as active as our mouths and tongues, when she came. "Hmmm, pretty good acting," I thought as she shuddered, shook and moaned. Then, as my tongue lingered on her clit, I felt it pulsing, hot and hard. There's no way she could fake that. I looked back at her tits, and her heretofore unresponsive nipples were standing up, pink and stiff, begging for attention. I gave them the attention they deserved as she caught her breath.

She produced a condom out of thin air, unwrapping it with shaking hands and heavy breaths. She unrolled it onto my rigid shaft, looking up at me with a smile. Then she leaned back on the edge of the bed, spreading her legs wide. I guess we'd titty-fuck some other time.

I quickly pushed it into her. She was warm and wet. It had been a long time since I'd used a condom, and I wished I wasn't using one now. Normally I like to take my time, with long, slow, gentle thrusts. But not this time. I was banging the hell out of that cunt, ramming it in as fast and as deep as I could. Soon the condom was full of my semen.

She disposed of the condom, then gently washed me. "Just a moment," she said, kissing me before she headed for the door. I thought hookers didn't kiss? Or is that only on "Pretty Woman"?

She returned a moment later with something in her hand. "Here's your money," she said, handing me some bills. "Don't spend the ten, though, I wrote my number on it!"