 Finally it was Friday and I needed a stiff drink. It was one of those busy weeks where too many customers made me crazy. I drove over to my favorite sports bar and met my longtime friend Jim. He graduated a few years before me and was a jock in high school, having that hunk look that girls loved. He bragged about being able to persuade any girl to do anything he wanted. Years later, that persona has allowed him to establish a very profitable escort service agency. I'm a 6 foot muscular Italian guy with a shaved head and a thin beard. I'm a tattoo artist and have my left arm and shoulder nicely painted. My right shoulder just has my skull logo tattooed on it. 

Sitting down next to him, I asked how his week went. He laughed and said that his girls were giving him problems again and wished he had Mercedes back. It has been over a year since her bad ass brother did an intervention and took her away. Jim got his ass kicked by her brother and his marine friends. He was warned about pursuing or seeing her in any way and then we both were raided by the cops. That was also the last time any of us had seen her. Mercedes was my X girlfriend.

She was this nicely shaped 5'4" beauty with fiery red hair and I loved her freckles on her cute turned up nose. Those big blue eyes and her intoxicating smile had me in lust for the longest time. Her tits were not real big but nicely shaped "A" cups and her legs were long and shapely from her ice skating dream. I was in total lust for her and at 16 I was the first guy to tap that hot body of hers. I was very happy for 2 years of enjoying her cute figure especially watching her cheer lead during games. She was my high school sweet heart and we even planned to get married. But first I needed to get a job to show her parents I could take care of her. Unfortunately, things don't always go the way we plan. When she went away to college is when everything changed. 

I was a working guy who loved ink and she was a spoiled rich girl. Her parents were well off and didn't want her associated with the likes of me. They thought I was below her status and would destroy her life. After the first year away, she stopped writing me, although, we would see each other in summer many times for a fuck that she initiated. I could tell she changed by the sexy way she now dressed and how she fucked me. It's when she finally admitted of having lovers in college that broke my heart. After another year of ignoring me, I didn't give a fuck anymore. In fact, I wanted to hurt her and get revenge in the worst way. I wanted to knock her off her high horse and I knew just how to do that. 

It was the last summer before graduating and I reached out to see her again. She showed up for a drink at a bar in the bad part of town, wearing a nice white sun dress that fell below her knees. I knew it would take some work to get her fucked but had a great plan. She looked sweet and virtuous in her classy outfit. I watched the guys turning to watch her come over to me and sit in the booth in the back of the bar. I remembered how horny she became when smoking a joint and had two specially made for the occasion. She willing obliged by taking many drags of this highly potent weed. After smoking the whole joint and a drink, she was becoming very loose, exactly like I intended. 

I pulled her dress up over her knees and looked into her eyes and said, "I really missed you Mercedes. I miss your beautiful smile, you twinkling eyes and your kisses."

Then I kissed her. While our lips were tightly plastered, I reached behind her and unzipped her dress down to the end at her waist. Then I undid the latch that held her bra together. We parted our kiss, just as I attempted to remove it. 

Pushing me away, she said, "Geno! Oh my God! What are you doing? Someone will see and think I'm a trollop."

I laughed and answered, "It's okay Mercedes, just taking the bra off so I can peek at your beauty. No-one is even watching." 

As she was looking around, I pulled the spaghetti strap down one arm and took off the bra strap and then the other arm. Once her bra was off, she held her hands over her breast and told me to zip her up. I did zip it half way up, but still wanted to have easy access to her tits. Then I took one hand off her bosom and she removed the other. Just like I expected, her nipples were erect and protruding from under the white cotton material, telling me that she was aroused. I kissed her again and pulled up her dress even higher. Then I slowly moved my hand up her leg, until I reached her Y. I could feel it becoming moist from under the pantyhose material. 

Then she stopped me and said, "Geno, you know how horny you are making me?" I nodded I did. "I got to go to the bathroom and calm down. I'm not that type of girl. You know that!"

Her comments were music to my ears. She wasn't that type of girl yet, but if my planned worked, she would become one tonight. I knew she likes to pee before a fuck and it was just a way telling me that. 

As she wiggled her way out of the booth, I whispered, "I know you want me, so take off the fucking panty hose." She just smiled and left.

When she returned, Jim came over and sat next to her. As I introduced him to her, her eyes were twinkling. Jim has a way with making girls excited. He lit up another joint and they became very friendly with each other. When Jim kissed Mercedes, he reached under her dress to reach her cunt. 

As he played with her wet slit, he said, "I see you're very wet gorgeous. Geno tells me you are looking to make extra money. So why don't we go somewhere, talk about it and get better acquainted?" 

She sensually moaned, "I guess so!"

Then the bartender came over and told us to take her to the back room or leave. Too many of his patrons are noticing the action. So we got her up and walked her to a storage room that the bartender took us too. He told us to have fun. Jim took photos of her in all kinds of compromising positions. After we spent an hour or more taking turns fucking her, he left and brought back a few paying customers to fuck her too. 

When she saw them, she tried to cover up but Jim said, "Mercedes, I thought you said you wanted to try fucking for money. Here is your chance. It's a test. So just let go and enjoy yourself." 

She still whined a little, until Jim gave her another few drags of the potent joint. Then she became a willing active whore, just like I planned. 

All of it was captured on our phones with some video of her begging for a cock. I listened to her moans of pleasure from outside the room and smiled knowing that she was fast becoming a soiled girl. I was pleased with myself knowing that she would never be that innocent classy girl again. Her degradation will be complete once the photos and video get posted and I'll have my revenge. 

After many hours of whoring, she finally was coming off her high. She sat there with tears in her eyes from realizing that she just fucked four guys for money. I loved the look of their goo still splattered on her face and tits. 

Jim sat down next to her and showed her some photos and a clip of her enjoying the fucking. He handed her 6 bills and told her that she could make a lot more money working for him at his agency. She pushed him away and whimpered no. 

Jim laughed and said, "Okay Mercedes. But what will all your friends and family say when these clips and photos go on line. I know you really enjoyed yourself, so just come work for me and they will never get published. I guarantee it will not be in the back of a bar like tonight, but instead it will be a date that you get paid for. Just what I've seen tonight and how beautiful you are, I know you will be well compensated for your services. Trust me!"

Looking up at me and then back at Jim, she asked, "It will be like a date with sex afterwards?" 

Jim nodded yes and replied, "Just like what you are doing now in college with those frat boys you've been seeing, except you'll get paid for it instead of giving your cunt away." 

She looked shocked when he said, "Yes Mercedes I know all about your naughty ways in school. From my information you've fucked a lot of guys in school these last 3 years, more than 40 guys since you've been there. I was told that this spring you were even gang banged by every pledge during their initiation. Am I right?"

She couldn't look at us and buried her face in her hands. Jim pushed more to answer him and then she uncovered her face with tears spewing down her cheeks. 

"Yes! You're right. I'm not proud of myself. But every time I smoke pot something bad happens. I'm so ashamed!" She blurted.

Jim smiled at me, put his arms around Mercedes, and softly said, "It's all right Mercedes. If you were working for me, none of that would have happened. You could concentrate on school and make extra money. Those frat fuck days will be over and I'll see too that. So let's get you cleaned up and we talk about your new career. Okay?"

While sniffling from her cry, she finally agreed. I was shocked. What about my revenge? I didn't know any of that and it sounded like she was already a fucking whore. So tonight I didn't make her do anything she wasn't already doing. I felt cheated, but also somewhat happy that she was no longer prim and proper. She really was just another fucking slut, like most women I've run into. 

The rest of the summer I fucked her many times and so did Jim. That summer launched her into the world of escorting and I couldn't have been happier. It was like she accepted her sexual behavior and career. But what surprised me was that she really liked it. Jim shaved her cunt, but left a slight red landing strip above it. Just before she returned to school, he even bought her new "D" cup tits to increase her value. Her college grades instead of getting higher actually fell, but she did just enough to graduate. As soon as she got home, she had an argument with her parents that Jim planned and moved into a small apartment in west LA. Her graduation present from Jim was a used car and being gang banged by 6 black dudes. I was there to watch. 

For next 3 years Jim used her as he saw fit. He called her the best whore money can buy. She was fucking judges, actors and the elite in society for big bucks. Her demeanor changed from being an innocent sweet girl to a well-seasoned whore. She started doing drugs other than pot and when she did Jim got large sums for her being ganged banged. One time Jim got 20k for a bukkake with 100 guys doing her. I guess the video went viral and her family saw it. That was when her brother intervened. This is where we are now some 18 months later. 

As Jim sipped his beer, he said, "Boy she was such a nice piece of hot ass too. She was petite, skinny with nice tits, but her legs and ass were her best assets. She just loved escorting all week without complaining. It was like she had an insatiable appetite for sex. She never whined about the cash I gave her either. It was like she was enjoying herself way too much and didn't care about the compensation. But her eyes did light up every time I handed her some green. She once told me that having lots of sex was a special treat and she would do it for free, but enjoyed the extra reward as a nice gift." 

He laughed when he said gift, because he said she never thought of the money she received as anything but a donation. 

I smiled, took a big swig of my beer and replied, "Yeah, she was something else. I do feel sorry for her though. I'm sure this isn't what she planned for, coming out of school." 

Jim laughed and bellowed, "We took a classy Mercedes and made her into a cheap fucking Ford Escort."

We both laughed at that thought of how he transformed her into a well fucked whore. Sometimes if the client was cool with it, we used to watch her in action and take some photos. Jim felt that he could use the pictures as blackmail if she ever decided to quit. But after his beating, he lost all desire to pursue her again. Maybe it was unwise, but I still keep a lot of her photos on my phone. Occasionally, I looked at her in one of her skimpy slut outfits that she liked wearing in public. But I have a few favorites of her naked on all fours with some guy starting to stick his big cock in her. She was looking back with a huge smile across her face. Here is a more detailed description what Mercedes looked like. 

She is very attractive 27 years old with a nice tight body. She was about 5'4" with long red hair maybe 105 pounds. After her boob operation, she measured out at 34D-23-34. Her big blue eyes twinkled in ecstasy after every fuck too. She has a cute little turned up nose with freckles sprinkled across it that she tried to hide with makeup. Her cheeks are round and her lips are soft and sweet to kiss. Her mouth isn't huge, but when she smiled, it was like putting the asterisk over her beauty. She loved having her nips played with too. I remember her yanking on them as I pounded her wet cunt. She had such a slender waist and very flat stomach with a pair of silky smooth long legs that felt great being pushed up over her body or wrapped around me. And her ass! Oh that was to die for, especially when she crawled around on all fours. Her pussy was a nice pink slit and very tight hole, unless she was fucked by some big black cock. 

I always had fun sucking and fingering inside her cunt listening to her moan with an orgasm. Her clit bulb was easy to find and she had some huge orgasms when I played with it. She was very orgasmic and would have many during sex, probably why she liked fucking so much. I should mention she liked anal sex too and craved being doubled. But the best part of her was that sexy voice moaning and saying to fuck her harder. Yes she's very vocal when being pumped and liked long hour sessions. No minute men for her. I don't think I could ever find a girl that loved getting it, as much as Mercedes did. This was what our little fuck buddy Mercedes was all about. With her innocent, wholesome, girl next door demeanor (until you fucked her), was why a lot of guys loved paying Jim for that pleasure. She was such a joy being around and was always willing and ready for anything we sent her way. Damn, I really miss her too! 

As we kept talking about Mercedes and reminiscing about the good times we had fucking her, I looked up and saw a girl that looked a lot like her. It's been such a long time since seeing her that I couldn't be sure. So I nudged Jim and he looked at her standing in between these two nerdy looking dudes. Although her hair was shorter and she was wearing baggy clothes, hiding her body, that we couldn't be sure it was Mercedes. She looked over at us and quickly turned away, like she didn't recognize us. I tried to hear her voice, but the noise was too loud from watching the football games. Jim said it wasn't her and our imagination was playing tricks, since we had her on our mind. He mentioned that our Mercedes would never be caught dead going out with those types of losers, unless she was paid. I guess he was right. 

They were seated in a booth across the bar where I could look at her under the TV monitors. As time went by, Jim had his eyes glued on the game, when I noticed her getting up and looking my way. A slight smile emerged as she walked toward the restroom area. Elbowing Jim, I told him that I had to find out for sure if that was Mercedes. So I got up and followed. Unfortunately, she made to the ladies room before I got there.

Like some anxious timid dude, I waited outside pretending I was just on my way out of the men's room. It felt like hours but wasn't, until she finally emerged from the ladies abode. As she did, I made sure she saw me. 

She smiled as I asked, "This is going to sound like a pick up line, but you look familiar. Is your name Mercedes?"

Grinning from ear to ear with that gorgeous smile I remember and with her eyes gleaming with joy, she walked up to me and blurted, "Oh my god! Is that you Geno? So what are you doing now that you didn't go to jail?" 

We hugged and it felt great having her tits plastered against me again. When we broke, I told her I was doing the same tattooing at my shop, after I put it back together from the police raid. Then I asked her what happened to her and if she was still in town. She giggled and told me it was a long story and maybe some time she would tell me all about it, but right now she had to get back to her finance`. 

Now I was shocked, she was going to marry one of those ugly weird dudes. She always told me that she was not the marrying type. Now I was curious to what has changed! 

As she began to walk away, I exclaimed, "Wait Mercedes! You just can't leave me without thanking you for not pressing those charges against me. That kept me out of jail and I should at least buy you a drink for doing that! And you did promise to tell me what has been going on in your life!" 

She turned back and answered, "I would like that Geno, but I'm not that person any more. I'm a good girl now and I'm afraid it may lead to other things that I may later regret. As for what's going on with me is that I have a great marketing job, a rich boyfriend and don't want to jeopardize any of it. So no! I just can't! And I hope you understand." 

I smiled and said, "But Mercedes, it's just a drink thanking you, and nothing else. I promise!"

After a long pause with our eyes glued to one another, she took a deep breath and replied as if to appease me, "Okay then, no sex and just one drink." 

I happily agreed to that, although my thoughts were remembering about her being naked and fucking me. So she asked for my number and told me that she would call me sometime next week. Yeah, only a fool would really believe that she would call! But I gave her my card to my tattoo shop anyway and watched her walk away. She seemed to put an extra wiggle in her step, as she disappeared back to her seat without turning back to look at me. I felt that the most attractive and horniest girl I ever met was now walking completely out of life, although there is some hope that she would actually call. 

When I got back to the bar, Jim was yakking on his phone. It sounded like he was having girl problems with a client. When he hung up, he told me that he had to leave. 

I grabbed his arm and said, "Hey bro that is Mercedes. She told me she was getting hooked to one of those ugly dudes."

He looked over at her and she was staring at us. Then he said, "You know bro she's big trouble. Good for her. But I got things to take care of. I'll see you tomorrow for the game."

He was dialing his cell, as quickly left. 

I went through two more brews, while looking at my photos of a naked Mercedes. The game was now almost over, when suddenly I got a fucking great idea. I knew she gets real horny after drinking or smoking weed. All I had to do was to get her drunk, lite up a joint and I bet I could fuck her again. I smiled thinking about that possibility of what could happen after a fuck. As I clicked on a photo of her with a cock in her pussy and one in her mouth, my mind wandered of her and me. I kept flipping through my photos of her, when I felt a tap on my shoulder. Turning back, it was Mercedes. 

She gave me a note with her number on it and whispered, "You're right we should meet. Call me Monday for that drink." 

Then she quickly left. I could tell in her voice that she was excited, but her expression seemed like she was also distressed. I became happy that I would be seeing her again. Now all I had to do was plan how to get into her hot pants again. 

I'll write part 2 telling you all about our little date next time.