 Previously from part 1; Mercedes dumped me after she left for college. I got even years later by getting her to whore for my friend Jim. After years of whoring, her family found out and intervened. I saw her again over a year later at a bar and we spoke. On her way out, she slipped me a note to call her on Monday. 

The weekend seemed long as I was impatiently waiting for Monday to roll around. I was up early Monday morning, but waited until the afternoon to call her. I didn't want her to think I was eager to see her again. All morning long I practiced what I was going to say. Finally I dialed her number. 

She answered, "Marketing Services, Mercedes speaking."

I had a pit in my stomach when I replied, "Hi gorgeous, you wanted me to call you today."

I slight pause as she answered, "Geno is that you?" 

As I replied it was,I was looking at a naked picture of her as she continued, "Oh I was hoping you call and was concerned when I haven't heard from you. Listen, I can go for that drink on Friday night that is, if you still want me too?" 

Now I was excited with a bulge brewing in my pants, but didn't want her to know how much I wanted to see her or was that fuck her. Yeah I know I promised no sex, but then it was gorgeous Mercedes and it seemed like she was the anxious one to meet. I began to wonder why. 

Quickly I answered, "Sure gorgeous, I would like that, but where and what time?"

She giggled, "Oh how about the same place I saw you on Friday. Say around 6 after I get off work." 

I wanted to keep talking and ask why the sudden change in attitude. After I said okay, she told me she had to go but was looking forward to seeing me on Friday. I chuckled to myself because she seemed very excited about the date. Then my thoughts turned to remembering her in all kinds of naughty behavior and how I took my revenge making her Jim's whore. Maybe it could happen again! As I recalled, she did like whoring, especially doing gang bangs and it has only been over a year, since she stopped her illicit behavior. I'm sure she still remembers how high she got enjoying the many men in her hot box. She couldn't have become a nun in that short period of time. Or could she? 

The week went by extra slow and I thought about Mercedes a lot, while looking through her photos on my phone. Friday came around and I closed the shop early. I got to the sports bar ahead of time and found a nice spot at the bar where I could see everyone cuming in. 

Six pm came and went, while Mercedes didn't appear. I was becoming restless that she was going to be a no-show. I ordered another brew, telling myself that if she wasn't here by the time I finished it, I would leave. Just before 7 pm, she emerged at the door looking frazzled. Looking around she finally saw me and rushed over. 

I got up and she hugged me and said, "Oh Geno, I was hoping you still be here. I had a client come in late and I had to take care of business before I could get here. I called you, but you didn't answer. I was so worried you would leave and I really needed to talk to you."

I just smiled and told her it was alright and was glad she made it. The bartender came over and asked what she wanted to drink, I said, "A double Vodka Martini with six olives."

Mercedes grinned and told me it was nice that I remembered her cocktail of choice, but she doesn't drink that any more. She just drinks wine. I laughed and told her that tonight she looked like she needed something a little stronger. She smiled and told me it would be fine. Then she excused herself for the Ladies room. After she left, I told the bartender to make her drink a triple instead. He smiled like he knew what was on my mind, took a bigger goblet and mixed away. 

I watched for Mercedes to return and was becoming horny as I stared at her walking back. She wasn't wearing the baggy outfit that I saw her in last week. Instead she was wearing tight black slacks that accented her cute ass, a black jacket, white blouse and 3" heels. But to my dismay she had a bra on. 

When the bartender placed the big drink in front of her, she exclaimed, "Oh my God, is that all for me? I don't know how I'm going to drink all of that. Wow! Luckily it's only a double." 

I just snickered to myself knowing that if she drank that whole thing there would be a good chance I'd be fucking her tonight. 

I put my hand on her shoulder, smiled, and answered, "Yeah they make drinks big here, but I knew you would love drinking it Mercedes. Now tell me why the change in attitude and what's so important to talk to me about?"

After she took a big gulp and smiled, she told me that she would tell me that long story, if we moved to a booth. I looked around and saw an empty booth in the corner. Helping her up, she took her drink and we walked over to it. I had my hand around her waist, as I eased her into the comfortable padded seat. She moved over and I sat close to her with our hips slightly touching. Then I asked again what she wanted to tell me. 

Taking another big swallow, she took a deep breath and said, "Geno, I want you to know I'm sorry for my brother calling the police on you and Jim. It was my brother's idea and he was pissed when I dropped the kidnapping and forced prostitution charges. You guys did neither. I was there because I wanted to be. When I saw you last week, I knew I had to explain. You have to realize that I was totally out control concerning my sexual and drug behavior. I realize that now. When my brother found out about me escorting for Jim from that video, he went ballistic. He couldn't believe that I would disgrace myself as an escort. He told me I needed help and you two were just in the way and the cause of my conduct. I'm really sorry." 

Then she went into explaining everything that happened to her, after her brother took her away. She said he made her go to therapy for her sex problem and sent her to rehab for her drug addiction. Then last year she met Tyler at her new job. She began to cry when she told me the ordeal she went through from not having any sex for months, but has accepted the need to be normal. As she continued her story of being daily monitored, she kept drinking that huge Martini. I knew she had something else on her mind besides explaining her year of tribulation. I could tell she was becoming soused from the Martini, as she kept unloading her troubles. After almost an hour of detailing her life for the last 18 months, she finally took the last sip of brew and began chomping on the olives. She told me that I'm the first person she has told about feeling like a prisoner and now stuck in a life that she doesn't know if it's really her.

As she ate an olive I asked, "Well that must have been horrendous for you, but Mercedes why do you want to see me? I forgave you a long time ago and the cops never found any drugs. So you are fucking dope with me. Jim on the other hand had some legal crap to deal with, as well as recouping from his beating. So what is it that you really want?"

As she swallowed the olive and giggling from too much booze, she replied, "Well Geno, they think I'm cured. Until I saw you and Jim, I thought I was too. I don't want drugs anymore. But when I hugged you, all of those sexual urges came roaring back. The memories of those fun times exploding with many orgasms overcame me. I knew I need something else in my life besides just being normal and being with Tyler. You see Tyler is so religious and so in love with me, but we haven't had sex yet. He believes in sex only after marriage, so I think he is still a virgin. After seeing you guys, I remembered all the fun times I had and just thought." 

She paused, while taking the goblet, she tilted her head back to get every last drop of booze out. Licking her lips, like she used to after a guy dumped a load of semen in her mouth, she put her hand on my leg. 

Turning toward me and becoming really close, she looked into my eyes and sensually said, "So you see Geno, I just thought that you could help me sexually and no one would ever know. I want you to make love to me tonight. I need to feel your big throbbing cock in me again. I want to see if I still liked sex or no longer need that thrill. You are kind of my test. After I saw you, I knew it must have been a sign from heaven with such a chance meeting. I've been horny all week hoping you would say yes. I really need to feel a guy's cock in me again. It's been so long!" 

Then without warning she leaned over and kissed my lips with a deep French kiss. When we broke for air, I was completely surprised. It seems I didn't need a fucking plan after all. I should have guessed when she went to the bathroom. That is her tell of wanting to be fucked.

Now knowing that I was going to be fucking her again, I answered, "Oh yeah Mercedes, I'll be only too happy to help you out. But first you need to do me a favor. I want the old Mercedes back whenever we are together. I want to see that hot exhibitionist that I loved showing off. Can you do that for me?" 

She looked surprised by that comment. With her big blue eyes twinkling she asked exactly what I meant. I told her that she needed to go to the restroom and take off her bra. I want the exhibitionist Mercedes back. 

It was as if someone just gave her permission to let go and be naughty. She smiled and squirmed out the other side of the booth. Bending over to me, she kissed me again and staggered off to the Ladies room. Sometime later she returned. Holding her jacket under her arm and trying to walk back to me, a drunken guy grabbed her arm as she went by his table. I could hear him telling her what great tits she had and to sit on his lap. He talked to her for a few minutes until she pulled away. Wobbling back to me, she slid in our booth. I asked what that was about. 

Giggling she said, "Oh he just told me I had great looking boobs and wanted to play with them. There was a time that I would have let him." 

The guy wasn't wrong. After she took off her bra, the sheer white cotton material didn't hide much of her D-cup bounty. And with the top two buttons undone, I could see her tits like she wasn't wearing anything over them. It was like a wet t-shirt contest. I kissed her and pushed my hand on them. Then I undid another buttoned and pushed my hand under the blouse and over her bare boob. She moaned and passionately kissed me.

When we broke for air, she sensually said, "Not here Geno. Let's go back to your place."

I looked over at that guy and he was glaring at me with a nasty scowl. I smiled and undid another button, pushing her blouse material off the nipple. Then I flicked my finger over it while I was smiling back at him. 

When I went to kiss her nipple, Mercedes began to moan and again whispered, "Not here Geno. Let's go back to your place."

Grabbing Mercedes hand, I pulled her from the booth. She took her purse and I took the jacket. I held Mercedes tightly around her waist, as we walked by the group of drunken men. The guy sneered at me and said something about bringing her back when I was done with her. I laughed to myself and just kept walking. 

When we got outside, I realized that we were both too drunk to drive. So I called a cab. As we were waiting, I asked her what time she had to be home. I figured she was still being monitored and I wanted to know how much time I had to fuck her. She giggled and answered that her brother was out of town for a few weeks and Tyler was at a comic convention until Sunday. She laughed and told me that she has all weekend to misbehave. Just as I was about to say something clever back, her cell rang. She told me to be quiet because it was Tyler. 

"Hi darling," she answered, "What's up?"

She tried to keep her composure as they talked. I took her over to a wall and had her sit in a quiet area, while they chatted. It was only minutes until she hung up and I asked if everything went well. She laughed and told me she lied and he seemed to be happy that she was home drinking hot chocolate while looking at a romance movie. 

Then the cab drove up. I put her in the middle and sat next to her. I told the driver my address and as we drove away, I began fondling her tits again. After I undid the rest of her buttons, I pulled the material off them, exposing her beautiful bare bounty. We passionately kissed as I played with her nips, which has always excited her. When I buried my head in them, she leaned her head back, closed her eyes and pushed my head harder against them. She was moaning, asking if we were back at my place yet and I said we were. I pulled my head up and looked at the driver. He was glancing back in the mirror every so often at her. So I left her tits exposed for his viewing and went for her pants. Undoing them, I began pushing my hand under her panty to reach her vulva. She spread her legs apart as I slid my fingers in between her soaked pussy lips. She kept sighing in pure ecstasy, like a cat purring. As I fingered her slopping wet clit bulb, her hips were speedily moving. I looked up at the driver who seemed to stop at every light, so he could look back at her in the mirror. Her hands were above her head, eyes still closed, and her lips apart, as she sighed in heat. I knew any minute she would be shooting an orgasm. 

We finally made my place. Mercedes opened her eyes and realized where she was. She put her hands over her breast to cover up. 

I went to pay the driver and he said with an Indian accent, "If you let me play with your girl's boobs for a few minutes, I won't charge you."

I looked at Mercedes, took her hands away from her tits and said, "Yeah sure, I know she'll like that. Won't you sweetie?"

She gave me a displeased look. I leaned over to her and whispered, "But M, this is nothing you haven't done many times in the past. Think of it as foreplay. If you want me to give you some orgasms tonight, you need to let him play with them. The old Mercedes would love it and you promised to be her when we are together."

She whined with acceptance. As I got out, she moved toward the open square in the middle of the plastic screen. She stuck one breast in at a time and the driver played with each one. As he finished fondling one, he would kiss the nipple. I looked in and watched him rubbing his cock as he played with her. It took some time until he knelt up and squirted his goo all over her tits. As she came out, her nips were standing erect and she had one of those horny satisfied expressions. I knew that she had always liked guys popping cum from feeling her up. 

I held her by the waist and kissed her. She sighed and said, "You knew I would like that, didn't you?" I just answered with a kiss. 

Quickly we walked into my shop. My 2 bedroom apartment was upstairs and I held the rail with one hand and her waist with the other, while almost falling back down a few times. Once we finally made it up, I walked her to my bedroom. Watching Mercedes quickly striping off her clothes, I threw her a towel to clean the taxi guy's cum off her boobs. As she jumped on the bed, they jiggled nicely begging to be fondled. Sitting on her ass and spreading her legs apart with her knees bent, she motioned me to her. 

I moved to lie next to her and kiss her again. Our tongues danced in sexual excitement, as my hands roamed over her nice still sticky tits. Then I worked down her hot body to her essence of pleasure. When I touched her pussy, she gave out a loud sigh. Then I moved to kneel between her spread legs and devoured her hairy vulva with my mouth. She laid flat on her back and began moaning with pleasurable moans, as her hands pushed my head harder onto her wet opening. I had my tongue flicking her clit bulb, while my fingers were inside her drenched pussy finding that rough G-spot patch. As she moved her hips with my finger banging, she kept moaning in elation. Suddenly she pushed her pussy up to my face, stopped moving, while tightening her muscles, and began unleashing her first juicy orgasm. She was shaking so fast in pleasure that I didn't move. Lapping up her juices, I let her enjoy the climax. It was many minutes until she finished and began calming down. 

I sat up with her juices dripping off my mouth and went to kiss her. She used to love kissing while tasting her own essence and it was no different this time. After a deep French kiss, I looked at her sparkling happy eyes staring at me. She told me that was the first orgasm that she's had from a guy since the intervention and really enjoyed it. Then she sat up and told me to get undressed. She watched as I got naked. When I lowered my boxers, my cock was already big and thick. I could tell by her naughty expression that she was going to enjoy sucking on it. As I stood there, she moved in closer and knelt in front of me. She took my cock in her hands and began rubbing my thick shaft. 

Looking up at me, she grinned and sensually said, "Oh Geno, I forgot how big you are. But before I put that huge thing in me, I want to taste your cum. I haven't tasted cum in so very long." 

Then she lowered her mouth over my raging hard on. Flicking her tongue over my cock tip, she played with my shaved balls. Slowly she began devouring all 8". I was in heaven as I pumped her small mouth. She even gagged a few times, something she rarely did. Whenever she pushed me out to breath, she would lick my shaft like an ice cream cone. It felt fantastic. Then she tasted my pre-cum and looked up at me. In her soft sensual voice, she told me that I needed to shoot it all in her mouth and wanted to taste me in the worst way. As she rubbed my shaft with her hand and flicked the tip of my cock with her tongue, she kept whining to give it to her. I just closed my eyes and began to jerk my cock in her mouth, until I blew my huge load. It felt so good drenching her mouth and face with cum. Some even landed in her hair. After she sucked me dry, while getting every last drop, she showed me my load and swallowed it all. Just like the slut she used to be.

Smiling with some semen still on her chin, she looked at me and asked, "So is that how you remember me Geno?"

All I could do is grin, and sit next to her and give her a big kiss. I looked deep into her content eyes and answered, "Oh yes M, that's exactly how I remembered you. I going to really enjoy having Brutus fuck you too." 

Okay I admit to naming my cock, but it was Mercedes that gave him the name the first time we made love.

Laughing she said, "I can't wait to feel Brutus buried in me too. It's been so long since I enjoyed him and I want to savory every minute."

We kissed and chatted about her past with me and Jim, until I began to get hard again. In less than 10 minutes, I was ready to rediscover that hot hole she was eager for me to explore. 

Bending over me, she lowered her head down to Brutus and began sucking him rock hard. I went to reach for a condom and she told me not to cover him up. She wanted to feel him squirting inside her. Well I guess it was okay, since she hasn't had sex for a long time. As for me, I haven't been checked in years, so I don't know if I'm clean, but I didn't really care. 

Straddling me, she guided Brutus into her very wet opening. Slowly she sat down on him and she felt really tight. 

Moaning, "Oh Geno, you're so big and I'm now so small. I'll have to take this slow. God you feel so good going in me. And Geno, I'm thrilled that it's you making me bad again. Oh god it feels so good!" 

I chuckled to myself, because it has been over 10 years ago that I did the same thing to her. As she gobbled up Brutus until he was completely inside her pulsating pussy, she dangled her tits in my face. I loved playing with her jiggling mounds as I fucked her. 

Slowly she began moving up and down until she got up a good rhythm going. I pushed up into her sopping hole every time she pushed down on me. My face buried in her tits, my hands on her hips and Brutus deep inside her, enjoying her hot wanting body. What else could a guy want from a horny slut like Mercedes? 
