 I wore a tight white sheer tube top, little more than a band of cloth that covered my breasts. The material was elastic and it clung to my tiny little boobies. My dark nipples strained against the fabric and the darker hue of my aureoles seeped through the cloth like coffee stains. Salmon coloured terry shorts completed my ensemble and I looked pretty hot. He sat next to me, naked on the sofa, his long, fat, stiff dick protruding from the grey thatch of pubic hair growing where his legs met. I could see the vein throbbing as it ran the entire length of his cock and reached out a finger to touch it. When I did, it jerked up and down, he moaned.

"Stroke it for me, Daddy," I begged him, "I want to see you jack off, I want to see you spurt."

"Take off your top." He said, and I complied.

"Take off your shorts."

"Uh uh, it's my turn -- stroke it. Don't cum yet, but get close. Ride it to the edge and then back off."

He closed one eye and turned his head a bit. He studied me for a moment then without a word, wrapped his left hand around his cock. Slowly, he moved it up and down on his shaft. I watched, grinning. Over time, the stroking grew faster. I cupped his balls and rolled them in my hand. The helmet that his penis wore begin to change colour, it went from brown, to pink, to purple. His eyes rolled upward and his head rolled back.

He stopped and let go of himself but his dick continued to jerk. He drew a series of deep breaths through his mouth, trying to calm his urge to spunk.

"Don't cum, don't cum." I reminded him and I pulled down firmly on his balls.

He didn't cum. But a glistening drop of liquid oozed from his urethra and I scraped it from the end of his dick with my index finger. I held it to the light so that he could see it then quickly put my finger in my mouth. The preseminal fluid tasted sweet on the end of my tongue.

"Take off your shorts now." He repeated, and I complied.

Now we were both naked.

"Suck me," he enjoined. "Let me cum in your mouth." He took my head in both his hands and pushed my face roughly toward his cock.

"You don't get two turns in a row." I scolded and twisted free of his grasp. He cursed, under his breath but, he knew the rules of the game. "Stroke it again," I ordered, "but this time, I want you to cum on my tits and my face. Take your time." Once again, I cradled his testicles in my hand, softly squeezing as I massaged his prostate and prodded his anus with my fingers.

He raised up to his feet, stood next to the couch and reached down. Using both hands he squeezed my titties, squeezed them hard. It was my turn to moan. He released his grip on my tits and wrapped both of his hands around his stiff cock. He pointed it at the center of my face and began furiously stroking. It didn't take long.

The first spurt closed my right eye and I responded by pushing my finger deep into his ass. He stopped stroking and roared before firing off another round. This shot hit my upper lip, just below my nose. With sperm climbing up my nostrils, propelled by the furious momentum of ejaculation, and running into my mouth I took his member in both hands and pointed it at my chest. I directed the next several eruptions there and savoured the feeling of his cum dripping from my nipples to my belly and pubes.

It was easy enough then to tilt his cock back upwards and take the head in my mouth. I let him finish there, although by that time there was scarcely any spermatozoon remaining for dispatch. Primarily dry spasms, of no substance, filled my mouth. I sucked fiercely on his cock as he pretended to cry, shedding crocodile tears that pooled in my lap with his cum. I scraped it up with my hands, rubbed them together and massaged it into his pecs. He collapsed next to me on the couch and we held one another for a few brief moments.

"Whose turn is it?" he asked as he lay back down.

"Mine," I informed him and I struggled to sit up on the sofa. I ran my finger tips in lazy circles on the vast plains that were his cheeks. I felt the stubble growing there, knew it grew dark and grey, and pushed two digits into his mouth. I allowed him to suck my fingers for a while before rising up and straddling his head. One knee next to each ear, his tongue was warmer than the juices flowing from my pussy. I sat tall, my back arched, my titties pointing toward the ceiling and my ass nestled over his nose. I allowed him to eat me and when I came I came hard, his tongue vibrating on my clitoris and his nose pushed against my anus. My body stiffened and I shook. When I could stand the pleasure no longer, I rose off his face, leaned over and lifted his still flaccid penis. I put the whole thing in my mouth and as I did so I felt him spreading my butt cheeks with his hands. 

My tongue was moving on his penis and as it grew long and hard, it crept from my mouth, as though it were seeking to escape. Finally, all I had left was the head of his stiff, rigid cock standing at attention with my lips wrapped tightly around. I felt so powerful, I was the complete embodiment of a woman and I knew that right now, right at this moment, this man would do anything I asked him to do for me. As I reveled in that thought his tongue wormed its way inside the dark confines of my rosebud. I forgot everything I had been thinking. I forgot all the feelings of power and superiority that had been bouncing around inside of my head and I turned to jelly. I started to shake again as the juices flowed from my pussy to his chin. 

He raised his hips and pushed his dick deeper inside my mouth. When he reached the back of my throat he erupted. His seed pushed deep into my belly as I slurped and swallowed. That which I could not accommodate flowed up and through my nasal passages where it fell from my nose back onto his balls. I believe it was at that moment that I passed out. When I came to I had semen in my belly, semen on my belly and all over my titties, semen was running from my nostrils, semen slewed down my chin, and his tongue was pushed deep into my ass. My juices had run over his chin and onto his neck and chest. His index finger was knuckle deep in my pussy tapping - tap, tap, tapping on my G-Spot. I came, I knew I was ejaculating and I passed out again. 

This time, when I came back around I was laying on my side with my ass in a puddle on the sheets. His cock was still in my mouth and his arms were wrapped around my hips, his face buried between my legs with his lips latched to my labia and sucking. 

I pulled away while simultaneously pushing him back. A girl can only take so much of a good thing. We lay like that for a time, head to crotch.

"Whose turn is it?" I asked.