 This is an adult sex story. 

Although there are children in the story, they are in no way involved in anything sexual.

This story follows "I Join The Mile High Club" posted on June 13, 2018.

Enjoy this story and thanks for your views and your votes. 

****

On the private plane from Seattle to Los Angeles on a Thursday morning in January.

"Was that good for you Jack?" Missy asked me as her left hand lightly gripped the base of my still dripping wet cock and her right hand went between her legs to rub her own sloppy wet pussy in search of yet another orgasm. 

I had just rolled off of her after planting a nice warm load deep into her tight hot cunt as our private jet cruised along on the way to Los Angeles.

I was now an official member of the Mile High Club. 

Missy had my baby batter dripping out of her pussy to prove it. 

She told me later I was dripping out of her for two days. 

Having sex on a plane was a lot more fun than watching a movie or reading. 

Once I stopped pumping her, and after I had drained into that her hot tight tunnel of love, Missy had quickly scrambled between my legs with her face at the level of my dick. 

I really wondered if she loved my cock or if she was making up lost time for not being around one she could play with for so long.

It didn't really matter. 

She kissed the tip of my wet cock and I groaned.

Jesus her mouth felt good on my still sensitive tip. 

"I hope I didn't disappoint you Jack. I want to exceed your expectations. In everything I do for you."

She grinned up at me. 

Her magnificent nude breasts dangled. 

Her nipples were erect and looked inviting. 

Missy was teasing but not really.

She was what in business is known as a very hard charger. 

What Missy wanted to do Missy got done, including being fucked all night long last night in every hole and this morning, blowing me and swallowing my cum, being eaten to a nice orgasm or two as she rode my face for the first time and then getting laid on this private jet.

With that and nothing else on but a smile, Missy proceeded to clean our combined juices off of my still hard cock as it slowly lost its rigidity following my deposit into her steaming pussy.

One of the finest things in life if you are a man is getting your cock sucked. 

Missy was one of the best I've ever enjoyed, and what I liked about her was that she did it in a very caring manner.

It was almost as if she was worshipping my penis. 

I could get into that. 

You find a woman who wants to please you orally, well, you keep her around. 

Many women stop sucking once a wedding ring is placed on their finger. 

I wasn't going to marry Missy; I was already married, but I was going to let her perform her oral favors on me as often as possible. 

I kissed her again in appreciation; we swapped spit and likely some semen (so what? -- it was my semen).

Missy climbed off the seats and went into the bathroom and returned with a warm wash cloth to clean me.

She sat between my spread legs and tenderly, carefully, took care of me. 

She started with my balls and commented with a smile "They sure produce a lot of stuff!"

That warm washcloth felt good and when she took it a bit lower, to my anus she said "Next time I'll clean you here with my tongue."

At that my cock bounced up in a positive response and she laughed.

Running the cloth on the inside of my thighs she said "You have the whole package Jack. I wish I had met you sooner."

With that she ran her tongue across my lower belly, another sign she wanted to continue to play. 

I smiled and my cock continued to deflate.

She said with a smile "I'm going to miss this!"

Then she added "But I'll bet Catherine will let me borrow it again real soon."

I didn't respond but I was hoping Catherine would let me pound Missy again soon too. 

Missy got off the bed and bent down to kiss me. 

When our lips parted she said to me "You're the best Jack. No man could ever take care of me the way you have."

Missy went into the bathroom and did her thing and when she finished, we both quickly dressed

After landing we said our goodbyes to the two ladies (pilot and co-pilot) and they reminded me that they'd be seeing me in a couple of hours for the return flight to Seattle via British Columbia. 

They both had Southern accents so I didn't know who to thank specifically for the cock sucking so I simply said "Thanks for the great ride" and they both laughed. 

****

Missy was quiet as we left the parking lot of the airport and I said "What's on your mind?"

She replied by saying "I need to talk to you about something. It's important."

My first thought was that she was going to say we'd had unprotected sex all last night and then again on the plane and she was in her fertile time but my momentary panic subsided when she laughed and said "It's about business Jack, don't look so serious!" 

Missy opened up to me about her relationship with Cordelia.

It was one of love and hate. 

As she began, Missy started to cry. 

This I did not expect.

Men hate it when women cry. 

Missy's tears did not last long. Thank God. 

In essence, what happened was that the owner of the Seattle dealership went into a deep funk when his wife passed. 

The owner went MIA and a friend recommended he hire an executive assistant to help him. 

He hired the first executive assistant recommended to by a local temp agency. He hired Cordelia.

So, in addition to regularly sleeping with the owner (even though she told me she had not - not even so much as a hand job she swore to me), Cordelia essentially took over running the dealership from a financial perspective.

That's how things work in small businesses; the owner approves all spending and signs all checks. In this case, the owner was in deep mourning, his mind was far from the business and he simply let Cordelia handle things. 

Missy was impacted by this change in several ways, none of them particularly pleasant for her personally or professionally.

The first thing Cordelia did was to call Missy in and tell her to pad her invoices. It was made clear to Missy that Cordelia wanted each invoice to be increased by ten percent; this money was to be rebated in cash to Cordelia. 

So, in essence, Missy was laundering money. A big fat Federal crime. (We soon found that Cordelia did this with other vendors too). 

Cordelia also said that if Missy didn't like the rules of the game, all she had to do was say so and Cordelia would end the relationship that Missy's firm had with the dealership. And, of course, any outstanding money owed to Missy's firm would be forfeited. 

Missy said she had no alternative but to accept those terms as much as she knew it was wrong. 

Second, Cordelia had the authority to sign checks (this is what she told Missy) but Cordelia held back on the giving Missy her checks until Missy came begging.

Then, to add insult to injury, Cordelia would hand over the checks only after Missy spent an afternoon orally satisfying Cordelia.

Missy had to pay for the hotel room too, and it was always in a nice hotel. 

Afternoon delight, except Missy was never delighted about having to lick a smelly, untamed bush. 

Missy said that several times, she would spent the afternoon in bed with Cordelia, pleasing her time after time, eating her to orgasm after orgasm and then Cordelia would have "forgotten" Missy's checks.

Missy felt trapped with no way out. Any direction she went she was going to lose what was owed her and the business.

So she kept licking at what she told me was the hairiest, and smelliest twat she had ever seen. 

"So Jack, understand that when Catherine reached out to me and explained the rules of the game, the idea of eating Catherine was like having dessert."

Third, Cordelia signed up Missy as an employee of the dealership at a nice monthly salary. This check Missy had to sign over to Cordelia as part of the financial tribute. More laws being broken. 

Missy had tears intermittently as she shared her story. Her makeup smeared but she got out the whole story. 

I just listened. 

"So Jack, when I told you last night that you were the best thing that had ever come into my life, I meant it. Since November my company's cash flow has improved dramatically and I stopped padding the bills. The retainer was, is, generous and I cannot tell you how much I appreciate it."

I interrupted only to say "You're welcome."

She continued with "Cordelia still had me over a barrel until you closed the deal so I signed over the last two paychecks and then I told her 'I quit.' After our meeting in the hotel lobby, Cordelia wanted me to check in to a room with her and eat her again to celebrate. I told her I had licked her pussy for the last time, I went back to my office and got you all the outstanding invoices by noon. I had the money in my account in less than two days."

Missy was done, her burden relieved. 

She wiped her tears and laughed saying "I love you so much Jack you have no idea. You were my knight in shining armor and I won't ever forget it."

"Is Cordelia smart enough to do this on her own or is someone guiding her?" I asked.

"I've never met her boyfriend but I heard he's done time."

I needed a cup of coffee so I pulled into a drive thru at Starbucks.

Missy ordered a cappuccino. 

While I was waiting in the car line I called the new GM in Seattle and told him what was going on. I shared with him the need for speed and stealth and told him I was sending some help but they wouldn't get there until later today or tomorrow.

I told him that once Cordelia left for the day, to unplug her office phone and her computer, get a locksmith to put a new lock on the door and make sure no one went in until I got there in the morning. 

I had the GM transfer me to Cordelia and I told her that I was sending the private jet back for her and that tomorrow morning (Friday) she was flying to Las Vegas for a two week wellness program. That she needed to go home and pack and to be at the private terminal at 7:30am tomorrow morning. No fancy clothes, just casual stuff. 

That night my IT sleuth arrived at the dealership to find out what systems had been compromised and to monitor system logins.

I called the banks and took Cordelia's name off of the checking signing authorization and cancelled all of her credit cards. 

I called Dana (my head lady in Las Vegas) and had her start calling all of the vendors of the dealership to invite them to a meeting on Friday morning at 8am to meet the new owner. 

What I really wanted to do was find out how many of them had been dealing with Cordelia. 

Another call was to my CFO, Cynthia, who got a forensic accountant to the dealership that afternoon to start digging. 

Missy asked me "What is going to happen to Cordelia?" and I replied "We're going to gather evidence and turn the evidence over to the DA. And the IRS, FBI and Homeland Security. To make sure it sticks, because Seattle is filled with bleeding heart liberals, we're going to file a civil suit against her as well."

She asked "Will I have to testify against her?" and I said "It will never come to that. She'll cop a plea and will spend about ten years in jail, learning how to make license plates. So, she'll get to work in the car business just like she had planned. As for her boyfriend, if he played any part in it he'll be in jail too."

I dropped off Missy at the dealership. She did not kiss me; she knew that no PDAs (public displays of affection) was the policy so we shook hands as I turned her over to the new GM.

Missy was going to be flying back to Seattle the next afternoon and I told her to plan on spending the weekend with us at the hotel. 

She grinned at the prospect of getting laid again. And meeting Catherine for the first time. 

****

Julie rode home with me; she was going with us this weekend. Julie had been at the dealership for two days doing a culture assessment for me. I told Julie that there was a change of plans and that tomorrow morning she was going to fly with Cordelia from Seattle to Las Vegas and get her on a physical regimen to get into shape for a CYNSUITs photo shoot.

What I didn't tell Julie was that Cordelia was going to be rooming with two very hot bi-girls (Loudres and Sonia) and that when she wasn't working out or getting her photo taken, Cordelia was going to be licking some very hairy pussies and getting fucked with a strap-on. 

The suite I put them in was bugged. Video cameras, microphones, the whole nine yards were in place for 24/7 videotaping. I knew that no matter how much money Cordelia had stolen I would never get it back, but having her own pay per view website would help ease the pain. 

Kissing my wife when I walked in the door, I took her by the hand to the bedroom where we talked while I took a fast shower, changed clothes and packed a bag for the weekend. I made sure to use plenty of soap and water on my cock and balls.

On the washcloth there was some evidence of lipstick. Missy did a great job sucking but not such a great job cleaning up.

That lipstick must have been something powerful to withstand her blow job, her wet pussy and the washcloth with warm water she used on me. 

Catherine asked me how Cordelia was; specifically, her ass. 

I answered with one word "Tight" and Catherine laughed. 

She continued with "How about her pussy?"

"It was hairy, very hairy. But I didn't fuck her."

She laughed again. "Good boy Jack. I like a husband that follows directions."

I kissed and held her tight and said "Thank you for the hall pass."

She kissed me back and said "Wait until see what you get this weekend. Then you'll really thank me."

****

We spent four nights in Seattle after dropping off Marie and Natalie (Catherine's daughters; my stepdaughters) in Vancouver, BC to visit their dad. 

The girls and Julie were excited to be on board a private jet for the first time. The female pilot and co-pilot greeted us with that sweet Southern accent and answered all the questions the girls had. They got a quick tour including a look into the cockpit. We settled in (seatbelts on) and in no time we were wheels up, heading north up the California coast in the dark night. 

These planes climb and fly fast. They also go to higher altitudes than commercial airliners, which makes the trip smoother.

On the flight out of Burbank, everyone seemed to enjoy the ride on the luxurious jet. Marie and Natalie took lots of pictures but Catherine did not allow the girls to email or post any on social media. 

Catherine and I had discussed this earlier and we wanted to keep our rapidly growing wealth under the radar by not drawing any undue attention to ourselves. It was one thing to pay for someone's tuition but announcing that we had a private jet would open too many potentially unpleasant doors to unwelcome visitors. Visible wealth has a way of drawing lawsuits and unwanted publicity. And strangers who think you are their friends. 

We had explained this to the girls on the drive down to the airport but I am not sure they got the gist of it. Catherine reminded them more than once "no emails and no social media."

I fell asleep shortly after takeoff and Catherine covered me with a blanket and let me rest. I knew Catherine had been in contact with Missy and with Cordelia about my adventures the previous night and the morning conference. Catherine told me she was very happy how things had gone with the nine dealership owners in the meeting that morning. She said she was proud of me; what husband doesn't want to hear that from their wife?

She didn't say anything to me about the hall pass being expired but we both knew that it was. 

I'd learned to trust my wife and if she said I was going to enjoy the weekend, I just had to be patient. 

Landing in Vancouver, after quickly clearing customs, it was nice to see Rick, Catherine's ex-husband and Monica (The Maid). There were plenty of hugs and kisses and tears of happiness. Even Catherine, who couldn't stand her ex, gave him a hug and a kiss on the cheek. Catherine and Monica were comfortable friends from our trip to Mexico (please read the story "I Take a Short Trip to Mexico") and they chatted away until I said it was time to get back on the plane. We'd be back on Monday afternoon to pick up Marie and Natalie and then home to LA in time for dinner. 

As we descended into Seattle, I thought back to the flight I had taken that morning from this very same airport, headed south to Burbank.

Missy Rogers was on board and she gave me a very satisfying blowjob after we took off. 

The first time I met Missy, back in November, early one morning in a hotel lobby, I was intrigued by her red lipstick; some of it ended up on the white coffee cup she was drinking from. I vowed that if I ever had the opportunity, and she gave me a BJ, I wanted her wearing that lipstick. 

Well, little Missy Rogers must have been a mind reader because she had on that same lipstick as she knelt down on the luxuriously carpeted floor of the plane as it climbed to cruising altitude as she kissed, licked and sucked on my erect penis at about 11:30 that morning. 

I smiled at the memory, and hoped that there would be more of them. 

We landed at the Seattle executive airport just south of downtown, cleared customs again and took a limo to the hotel. Catherine, Julie and I had a light, late dinner on Thursday night. 

We had a two bedroom suite. We put Julie in the second bedroom. Catherine took a quick bath, I gave her a loving massage and she was sound asleep within minutes of her head hitting the pillow.

Catherine's belly was starting to swell as our baby boy grew. She looked absolutely radiant but this little guy was tiring her out. Not only was she going to bed earlier, she was sleeping in too. 

All of that was fine with me. As you have read, I could get by with as little as five hours of sleep a night. I wanted more but five was all I needed. This asset helped me to help Catherine. 

Julie had spent most of Wednesday and Thursday at the dealership in LA. I had her doing a culture assessment on the venue and the people. The goal was to recruit the right people, develop them so that they could contribute to profitability and client acquisition and retention as soon as possible, but we also wanted to retain out better employees. From previous experience I had figured out that if you have the right people, in the right position, doing the right things, the company will prosper. 

So, Julie was not going to be overly involved in recruiting but her job, her mission, was to create and maintain an environment where people wanted to come to work every day. 

Too many companies morph into places where people dread going to. This leads to unhappy customers, lost revenue, lost profits and eventually a failing business. We were working to create environments where we had the pick of employees; I not only wanted to be an employer of choice I wanted to be a place where people were excited at the challenges we were providing for them to grow and make more money. 

Going back to the middle of last year about four or five months after my wife passed, my first impression of Julie was that she was a gym rat with some meat on her bones. She was pretty and nice but it turned out she was much more than that. I knew she was competent, educated in personal fitness and a good person. 

We had slept together twice, the first time was just a few days after I had been re-introduced to Catherine and the second time was in Arizona, the previous week. In between those two physical encounters, Julie had shared with me she had not been with another man, or a woman. 

Julie was not into women. I was fine with that and so was Catherine. 
