 Note: I think vacations should be mostly about trying to connect mentally and physically with your partner. I have had amazing sex on vacation with my wife. For me I think it's because there's nothing else to worry about except where to eat the next meal. Maybe it has something to do with not having to clean your own sheets. Ryan and Angela make a serious connection on one of their "rain days".

*****

"Hurry up!" Ryan called to his wife through the passenger window of the rental car. He had pulled up in front of the restaurant in the pouring rain. Angela stood just inside the restaurant doors, out of the rain. It was one of those tropical storms that come up during hot muggy days, the kind of rainstorm that inconveniences the locals, but the tourists find exciting and romantic. Even though she ran the short distance to the car, by the time she got in and closed the door her white cotton cover-up was soaked and sticking to her skin. Dry, the garment did a good job of hiding what was underneath, but soaked as it was Ryan got a great view of her lithe body and full tits. Even her sheer bra and thong had been made almost invisible by the rain.

Ryan sat behind the wheel without moving for a moment, staring at her brown, erect nipples, made perky by the cool rain. "HEY!" she jokingly yelled at him, "let's go." He let his eyes slowly move over her from top to bottom before turning to the task of driving the car back to the hotel.

"Thanks for that," he said looking out the windshield. "Just...thanks. You look really hot right now." He could feel an erection growing in his loose shorts.

"Well, I'm pretty chilly now, but damn isn't that rain the greatest? It smells so good. It's really a funny feeling how it's so rainy, but not freezing cold." She reached over to turn on the heat and direct it to her upper body.

Ryan kept stealing glances back over at her as she fiddled with her hair to get it sorted. He pretended he wasn't staring at her, and she pretended she didn't notice him staring. More accurately, she pretended that it didn't make her feel great that he was ogling her tits like some high school kid. She hitched up and slid the cover-up under her ass and then pulled it up over her head with both hands. Ryan almost drove off the road. The rain was distracting enough, but now his wife was sitting there with nothing but a soaking wet bra and thong, both of which he could easily see through. "This thing is soaked and cold," she said in a fake innocent voice. "Feel how cold I am." She grabbed his right hand and put it on her boob. "See?"

"Yeah, cold," Ryan said. She started to move his hand away. "Wait, let me make sure," he said and squeezed her gently, then slid his hand under her bra and softly pinched her nipple between two fingers. The tropical smell of the rain, Ryan's warm hand on her boob, being on vacation, and especially the two strong drinks they had with lunch were combining in Angela's soul and she could feel the stirrings of arousal. Her skin, though still cool to touch, was flushed red with the excitement.

She looked into Ryan's face. "How far to the hotel?"

"Fifteen minutes. Maybe more with this rain." He still had his hand under her bra, kneading her boob.

"Uh, what do you say you pull over at the next pullout. Let's look at the view." To drive home what she was talking about, she reached over and rubbed his stiffening cock through his shorts.

Ryan quickly turned the blinker on with his left hand. The road they were on followed the shoreline and had pullouts for cars to stop and either take in the view of the blue ocean or walk to the beach. The one they stopped at had a great view of the ocean from about 2 stories high. But neither one of them was looking out the window. The rain was still coming down so hard that it made the inside of the car loud and obscured the view of the ocean. They didn't care. Angela started undoing his shorts, pulling down the zipper, while Ryan slid the seat back and took off his shirt. He jumped a little when her cool hand wrapped around his stiff cock, but then he relaxed. She pulled straight up on his dick with a firm grip and jerked gently a couple times to let him know that she wanted him to raise his hips so he could slide his shorts and boxers down. Ryan eagerly complied.

Angela moved so that her knees were now on the passenger seat and her upper body was turned to face Ryan. She leaned over and dipped her head so that she could put the head of his dick in her mouth. She was surprised how comfortable she was. The armrest between them supported her nicely for the job she was about to do. The rain just beat down on the car. Ryan glanced through the windshield and could see the drops actually bouncing up off the hood, they were coming down so hard.

He brought his focus back inside the car and unclasped Angela's bra with one hand. She shook her shoulders to help it fall off her all the way. "Nice job stud." She was complimenting him on how deftly he got her out of her wet bra. Her full, round tits hung down on the driver's side of the armrest and rubbed against Ryan's leg. She resumed her attention on his rock hard dick now, taking the tip and half the shaft into her mouth. Ryan moaned with his head back, lost in the passion, loving the attention. He lifted the lever to allow his seatback to recline and put it back about half way which gave Angela more room to comfortably work him over with her mouth.

She was working more and more of him into her mouth until his dick head rubbed firmly on the back of her throat. She moved her tongue around, the tip of it caressing the base of his fat cock. She moaned around the mouth full of cock, vibrating his shaft and cupping his balls with one hand. She moved her head so that his dick fell out of her mouth and spit in her hand, then went back to rubbing his sack and lower. She spit again, this time on the tip of his big fat dick and then plunged it deep into her throat.

Ryan began playing with her sagging boobs. "Holy shit that's great. Fuck me you are good at that." He began thrusting his hips in time to her head bobbing and she moved one spit-slick finger under his balls to tickle his asshole. Ryan moaned loudly and stiffened as he pushed his hips up into her face, forcing his hard cock deep into her throat with no problem, then he dropped his hips and thrust again. Angela never let up with teasing his ass, cupping his balls and swallowing his dick all the way to the base, his pubic hair tickling her nose. She could smell the soap from their shower together this morning. She could feel the spongy tip of his cock pushing deep in her throat. She could hear the rain on the roof, which just added to the sound of the blood rushing in her ears.

Ryan was thrusting faster and faster and had basically just grabbed one of her soft tits and was squeezing it harder and harder. It hurt, but she didn't care. She dropped his slick dick out of her mouth and started stroking it firm and hard with her other hand, still playing with his ass and balls. "Do you want to fucking blow that load in my mouth?" She said breathily.

"Oh fuck, are you kidding me?" Ryan asked. Although she was great at giving blow jobs, Angela rarely let him come in her mouth, but the excitement of the morning and the sexy atmosphere in the rainstorm had her really hot and feeling super dirty. "Yes please, ma'am. I would like that very much please." Ryan said in a school boy voice.

Angela dropped her head and took him all the way into her mouth with one quick confident move and began bobbing, moving his dick in and out of her mouth and stroking it with her hand. Ryan felt the waves of his orgasm coming, building as he arched his back, squeezed his eyes shut and stiffened all of his muscles. He put his hand on the back of Angela's head and pushed it firmly down on his cock and shot his load deep into her warm soft throat. Angela didn't fight back but just kept her head there taking one creamy gushing squirt after another from the geyser at the end of his cock. She didn't swallow, but kept her lips firm around his shaft until the shuddering orgasm ran its course. The pressure on her head let up as Ryan moved his hand. He sat back in his seat and let out a huge sigh, but still she didn't take her mouth off his cock. "Wow, wow, wow, wow," Ryan breathed. "That was awesome. AWESOME."

Finally, Angela moved a little. Keeping her lips firmly around his softening dick, she slid her mouth until just the tip remained firmly trapped between her soft lips. Then she swallowed. Ryan could feel the motion of her swallowing his cum. She lifted her head and his dick fell out of her mouth with a little pop. Looking straight into his eyes, she wiped a little creamy white cum from the corner of her mouth with a finger and then slid it in her mouth to suck it clean. Then she leaned over to push her boobs on his chest and kissed him deeply on the mouth. As their tongues found each other, the funky smell of his spunk mixed with the smell of the pouring rain. 

Angela pulled away from him. "Feel how wet my pussy is," she said as she grabbed his hand and pushed in under the waistband of her thong. It felt hot to touch and slick with her juices. "And that's not from the rain". Ryan started to move as if to get in position to gain access to her pussy better, but Angela said "No. Let's go. I can wait, but just barely. Get me to the hotel and get me in bed and get me fucked. Please". She sat back in her seat, leaning the backrest as Ryan had, and put her feet on the dash of the rental car. The position of her feet caused her knees to spread and her pussy to be opened wide. Ryan brought his seatback up and turned on the ignition. He never took his eyes off her crotch, and they almost bugged out of his head as Angela slid her hand down her flat belly, under the waistband of her thong and deep between her legs. She was watching Ryan's face as she plunged her middle two fingers between her pussy lips and deep into her wet hole. 

He was staring at her hand and started to lean over so he could play along with her. She stopped him with her free hand and said "not yet. Let's go." Once he looked like he was going to do what she asked, she used her free hand to start caressing and squeezing her flushed tits. She started to moan as she worked her fingers in and out of her pussy, the palm of he hand rubbing her engorged clit.

Ryan started driving back to the hotel in the still pouring rain, trying to concentrate on the light traffic, but stealing long, dangerous glances at his wife. During one of the times when he was actually paying attention to the road, he heard Angela say "We're on a damn tropical island and we don't have any big bananas in the car. Damn." His head snapped around to look at her and she was looking right at him with a grin on her face. He pushed down on the gas pedal a little more.

When Angela felt like they were close to the hotel, she dropped her feet and closed her legs. "Oh man. That was surprisingly fun," she said. "Both parts," she added. "Now get me to the room." She reached to the floor and picked up her damp white cover-up and slipped in on. She didn't bother with the bra, which Ryan thought was really sexy. Her softening nipples shot to attention when they came in contact with the cool moist material.

Ryan shot into a parking spot, threw the car in park barely waiting for it to come to a complete stop and opened the door. Angela seemed to be in almost as much of a rush and was opening the door and getting out before he had even turned off the engine. It was still raining hard, and they had to run across the short distance to the entrance of the hotel. Angela was soaked again, and she didn't even have her bra on this time. Ryan's head was swimming with the view of his wife parading through the hotel lobby to the elevators. People were everywhere in the lobby, checking out, waiting for excursions, asking questions or just lounging in the comfy chairs hiding out from the rain. Most of them stopped whatever they were doing to watch Ryan and Angela pass through, well mostly to watch Angela.

Angela's nipples maintained their erection all the way from the car and through the lobby. Her big brown and hard nipples showed prominently through the soaking and clingy cover-up. She made no effort to pull it off her skin. She just walked briskly with her eyes straight ahead through the crowded lobby until they reached the elevator, giving everyone in the room a view of her full, bouncing, unfettered boobs and her sheer thong panties. 

As they waited, two young couples came up to wait with them. The two couples talked loudly and happily to each other until they caught sight of Ryan and Angela. Then it got really quiet. The doors opened and Ryan and Angela walked in and turned around to face the doors. The four people just stood there staring. Just before the doors completely closed, the girls in the small group angrily elbowed their staring partners. After the doors closed, one of the girls added "HEY. KNOCK IT OFF!" to the elbow she shoved in her partner's ribs. Ryan and Angela started laughing.

Ryan fumbled with the key card when they go to their door, but he finally got it opened. Angela pushed past him briskly. She started pulling her clothes off as soon as she got in the door and threw the cover-up and her panties carelessly down on the floor. Ryan watched excitedly as she swung open the drapes covering the sliding glass doors that led to their private small patio. She opened the door and closed the screen so they could smell and hear the storm, which seemed to have intensified. Just as she turned back to him a flash of lightning lit her from behind, dropping her briefly into silhouette and literally flashing light through the gap in her thighs below her pussy. Though she didn't get as good a view of the lighting between her legs as Ryan did, she jumped in surprise when the thunderclap followed a short couple of seconds later.

She threw herself on the bed and spread her legs again. Her shaved pussy spread as she did so and she put her hand back down where she had it when she was in the car. Her eyes were closed and it was as if she didn't really care if he was there or not. She had an itch and was going to scratch it, with or without him. Ryan chose the "with" option. He dropped his shorts and pulled off his shirt and started towards Angela on the bed, but remembered he still had his boxers on, and tried to drop them as he hopped to the bed on first one foot then the other. Finally he was naked and his hard cock pointed out in front of him. "You are so damn hot," he said as he put one knee on the bed. Angela opened her eyes and lifted both hands to greet him and pull him to her naked body in a hug. Their skin touched, chest to chest, and the electricity felt like it could power the lights in the room. They kissed passionately, lips parted wide, tongues fighting. Ryan moved one hand down and started playing with her pussy. Then he moved easily to her tits and sucked her nipples one after the other, nipping them a little with his teeth, then he licked them softly.

He kissed his way down her boobs and then her belly, smelling the rainwater mixed with her clean soapy fragrance. As his face got closer to her groin, the scent of her wet pussy mixed in and became stronger and stronger. She shuddered as his lips worked over her flat belly and then the shaved mound above her pussy. He began to move in a predictable way, and, knowing what he was going to do, Angela lifted a leg high so he could move under it and get between her thighs. 

Now he had both hands working the area around her pussy, rubbing her thighs and running fingers down along the side of her fat pussy lips and in between them, picking up the wetness of her excitement and spreading it over her hot snatch. He moved and she could tell he was going to put his mouth on her and she lifted her hips eagerly to meet him so that his tongue found her slit and pushed firmly on it as he moaned into her. The smell of her and her eagerness for him to eat her out added to the excitement Ryan was feeling and his fat cock throbbed as it pointed down to the mattress. He felt as if someone touched it, it would shoot off loads of cum wherever it was pointed.

He licked her up and down from her puckered cool ass all the way to her engorged clit, making moaning sounds to match the ones she was making. They were both oblivious to the storm outside, barely noticing the cool air blowing through the wide open door. As Ryan licked up her slit towards her clit, Angela raised her hips to put pressure against his tongue. She lifted so high that he could easily fit his hands under her ass and hold her up there, her spread pussy and asshole there for him to easily rub with his tongue.

He let her down and slid his thumb deep into her hole. Her ass crack was slick with spit and the juices flowing from her pussy and the rest of his hand slid into her ass crack easily. She rode his thumb as he kept licking with more of his attention on her swelling clit now. As he moved his thumb in and out of her, the edge of his hand slid up and down across her asshole, driving her crazy. She was starting to sweat slightly, even with the cool breeze, and her skin was flushed red with passion. She squeezed her nipples between all four fingers and her palm and was pulling on them like she was trying to lift her torso up by her tits. Her moaning increased in volume and Ryan increased the speed of his tongue flicking her clit.

She arched her back really high and started telling him "Yes, yes, yes, lickitlickitlickitlickit...yeeeesssss!" Just as she started to cream around his face, he flattened his tongue so that it covered her entire clit with a soft fleshy, hot pillow. He felt her orgasm tremble through her pussy with his thumb thrust as far into her as he could get it. She whimpered and dropped her hips and released her nipples from the clamps of her hands. Her tits dropped into perfect round mounds of flesh as she let them go. Ryan slowly drew out his thumb and gave her clit a rest from his tongue. "Oh yeah." She sighed.

Ryan was still sporting a huge boner while Angela came down from her orgasm, and looking at her spent on the bed, naked, legs spread, eyes closed, sweating a little and breathing deeply didn't do anything to diminish his need for her. The smell in the room, the relatively cool breeze, the lightning and pouring rain made, in his mind right that minute, the most provocative of settings for him to get his satisfaction.

Barely taking in to consideration that Angela might be a little worn out from the drive home and then the gut tightening orgasm she just had, Ryan reached over to grab the lotion they usually had by any bed they slept in. Angela liked to moisturize at night. The bottle felt warm in his hands from sitting with the sun shining on it all morning before the storm started. He pumped a generous amount into his palm and then began rubbing her boobs with the warm lotion. Angela didn't open her eyes, but she smiled and spread her arms. Before the first portion was rubbed in, he squirted even more lotion directly on her taught belly. He rubbed it in firmly from below her neck to the top of her thighs. Angela just sighed and didn't move.

He moved to straddle her, putting a knee on each side of her, right below her ribs and resting his hard cock and balls on her lotion slicked belly. He bent and kissed her deeply, their tongues finding each other desperately. She could smell her own pussy on his face and tasted it in their kiss. Ryan rose up from the kiss and moved farther up her body so his cock could slide between her soft, slick, pendulous tits, and Angela helped by pushing them together with a hand on each so they warmly surrounded his shaft.

"Oh fuck yeah," he moaned. "I love your fucking boobies." 
