 It was late. The house quiet and dark as everyone was supposed to be asleep. Larry was having a fitful rest after his long trip, even with a long hot shower, the soft mattress dressed with crisp fresh smelling sheets did not help him find sleep as the time approached three in the morning.

Then he heard a slight creek, then another, someone was up. His ears strained to ear, to detect who was walking about, when he heard a feint tapping on his bedroom door. The visitor waited not for a response but slowly pushed the door open and slipped in.

Larry could see from the feint light that this wasn't his friend Dan paying him some sort of mysterious visit, it was his wife Phyllis! 

"Larry, are you awake?" Phyllis whispered as she crept toward the guest bed. She was on a woman's mission, a simple basic mission that her husband Dan encouraged her to embark on.

"Phyllis? What's the matter?" Larry asked as he lifted himself upon his elbow still only seeing a dark shadowy outline of his best friend's wife.

"I need your help, Larry. I need some very special help from you," Phyllis whispered mysteriously.

"Why sure, Phyllis, I'll do whatever you ask. But, why are you here in my room in the middle of the night?" Larry asked as he strained to see her in the darkness.

Quickly, Phyllis let her gown fall from her body leaving her nude and ready to complete her maternal mission. Without reservation she slipped under the sheet covering her husband's best friend and straddled his naked body with hers.

"Fuck, Phyllis you're naked!" Larry exclaimed as he felt her pubic mound tickling his belly as she leaned forward.

"Yes, please I need you to complete me." Phyllis whispered as she leaned forward her thick long hair cascading about Larry's face. He could feel her breath on his face as she panted her request.

"What do you mean complete you?" Larry asked as he felt her wetness dampening his thighs.

"I need you to put your beautiful sperm in my womb. I want you to breed me and give me and Dan a baby. Phyllis plainly and desperately pleaded as she rubbed her naked body up and down Larry's nakedness.

"Phyllis, that's Dan's privilege and duty . . . not mine. This will screw our friendship, Phyllis, I can't, even though you are very desirable and my cock is stiff." Larry pleaded for her to stop.

"Larry, this is why you were invited up. Dan is sterile and unable to give me a baby. I have his permission to seek a sperm donor he won't be angry, I promise," came her justifying reply.

Leaning forward she lowered a tit to Larry's mouth. She felt her hard thick nipple brushing against his lips hoping this overt seductive move would cause him to give in to her maternal need. Then she felt Larry's lips part around her nipple as he sucked it into his mouth.

"Oh, yes, suck my tit, Larry, I love my nipples sucked," Phyllis gasped as Larry sucked her tit ever deeper and harder. Then with skill and smoothness Phyllis reached between her legs, found Larry's hard cock laying across his belly. Quickly, so as not to give him a chance to protest, her experienced fingers lifted his cock up, positioned it between her wet cunt lips and with one smooth fluid move she lowered herself down upon it. Phyllis's cunt was now full of cock, Larry's potent cock.

"Oh, fuck, Phyllis what have you done?" Larry whispered urgently as the pleasure of her cunt about his cock eroded any will power on his part to end what was almost her raping him.

"You need to stop, Phyllis, I can't believe you are fucking me," Larry moaned as he reached up in the darkness to take both her tits into his hands.

"Yes, yes, Larry, squeeze them and pinch my nipples I need that to cum. Make me cum so my womb will open wide for your beautiful sperm," Phyllis pleaded and cried as she thrust her hips repeatedly forward and back.

"Oh, fuck, Larry, that's it I am almost there your big hard cock is getting me off. Oh fuck, oh fuck, yes I am cuming I am cuming," was all Larry heard as he felt his friend's wife's body convulsing in orgasmic pleasure a top his.

"Now, your sperm, Larry, I am ready to receive it," Phyllis whispered breathlessly in his ear as he felt her slowly begin to hump her ass up and down so his cock would slide in and out of her. Phyllis wanted to create the necessary friction to cause Larry's sperm to boil up from his balls, erupting into a torrent flood of baby making sperm into her womb.

Larry couldn't believe this was happening. He should stop it, push her off and end this madness before it was too late. But, he could not or more like it he was incredibly turned on by having his cock in his best friend's wife's cunt. Surely, she was not seriously wanting him to put a baby in her.

No matter, this wasn't going to stop till he empty his balls into her. Phyllis was a surprisingly good fuck. Her public persona was that of a quiet chaste lady that would never make anyone think she fucked with such desperate abandon.

Larry slid his hands down her sweaty back till he took an ass cheek into each hand. It was then that he began returning her thrusts driving his cock ever deeper into an open receptive womb.

"Your doing me, Phyllis, your doing me right. Keep sliding her cunt on my cock like that. I'm almost there. Hump me, bitch, hump my fucking cock if you want me to breed you," Larry snarled in delirious banter.

"Oh, yes, yes, yes, please fill me with your fucking sperm, Larry," Phyllis screamed in a loud whisper.

Then it happened. Larry grabbed her ass cheeks hard and squeezed them tight holding Phyllis immobilized on his cock as his sperm began to pulse into her womb. She began to sob lightly for she could feel his hot sperm soaking into her moist depths.

As the two of them lay motionless, exhausted from this quick breeding rut, they both slipped into a post orgasmic nap. Both waking as Larry's cock slipped from her cunt enabling them both to feel the wetness of their breeding on their thighs.

"I must go. Thank you so much, Larry, thank you for such a precious gift," Phyllis whispered as she scrambled from the bed, pulled her gown back over her nakedness and silently as she came to him she left.

Morning

Larry lay stunned over what had just occurred, it was like a dream. His fitful rest continued till at last he drifted off to sleep not waking till eight. A shower was first in order to wash the smell of sex from his body, especially the smell of Phyllis's cunt left on his cock and balls. His best friend may be encouraging Phyllis to seek a breeding stud, but her secret quiet visit to his bed did not reassure him that his best friend new she had chosen him.

Once dressed Larry ventured toward the kitchen. He was about to announce his presence when he heard a moan, a slurping sound and Dan telling Phyllis not to stop. It was evident that Dan was getting a blow job. It was Phyllis's custom sense they married to give him a morning good-bye blow job, and this she did nearly every morning.

Upon hearing a satisfying moan from Dan Larry felt satisfied that he wouldn't be interrupting so he hollered his presents and hunger. 

"I sure hope I haven't missed breakfast, Phyllis," Larry said as he felt and heard his stomach growl.

"Hey, Larry, hope you slept well last night. Dan answered with a startled reply having just tucked his cock back into his pants. Phyllis will make you breakfast I have to pick a couple things up before we head out fishing. Be back in a half hour." Dan rattled off as he quickly hit the door, jumped in his pick up and left.

Phyllis stood bare footed in the middle of the kitchen dressed in a long denim skirt, and a long sleeved plaid shirt. She always dressed modestly, only her thick long hair and sweet face gave men cause to notice her.

Larry smiled and chuckled as he starred at her. Drinking in her sweet sensual expression.

Phyllis laughed nervously, feeling subconscious by Larry's continue stare and chuckling. "Why are you looking at me that way and why are you laughing?" Phyllis asked anxiously. 

"I was just wondering, do you give Dan a BJ every morning?" Larry asked wondering just how sexy his best friend's wife was.

Phyllis blushed and hid her face behind her hands. She knew he had seen her sucking her husband. "I . . . try and do that for him every morning. Our morning ritual started on your honey moon and just continued when we got back." 

Then Phyllis sensing Larry's desire for similar attention walked slowly to him her eyes fixed on the bulge in his jeans. Phyllis loved to suck cock and swallow cum.

"Maybe I should show you how I pleasure Dan every morning . . . after all we are now much more than just friends." Phyllis whispered not as a chaste woman, but as a lover wanting to give pleasure.

Not waiting for a reply. Something Larry was quickly learning about her, he watched as she knelt before him. Phyllis expertly, with little shyness over what she was preparing to do, pulled his cock free from his pants and looking up at Larry she rubbed in on her cheek, licking the shaft till it glisten with saliva, then she plunged her mouth down on it engulfing in fully and deeply as she had done with it the night before with her cunt.

Years of giving morning BJ's gave her much experience at pleasuring a cock with her mouth. She could give long extended head or she could make Dan blow his wad within a couple of minutes.

She wanted to give her sperm donor a long sloppy BJ, but her husband would be home soon and she did not want him to know whom she had chosen to breed her. So Phyllis began to bob her head up and down quickly, plunging deep repeatedly causing her to gag. Larry was amazed at her technique. She did not suck like one would think a lady would, but rather she was doing him like a porn slut.

Then as Dan's car was pulling up to the house Larry grunted and released is sperm into Phyllis's mouth. Standing she smiled demurely and Larry gasped as she opened her mouth so he could see his sperm, then she closed and swallowed.

"That was yummy, Larry. I do hope I can give you a long slow BJ sometime. Now, I better get you some breakfast." Phyllis laughingly said as she began to fix breakfast. 

Late Afternoon

The two friends returned with a good catch of fish. Dan being a good host encouraged Larry to go inside and clean up while he cleaned the fish. Larry didn't mind catching fish, but like most he didn't particularly enjoy cleaning them. So he accepted the gracious offer and went inside. There he found Phyllis waiting with a wanton look across her sweet face.

"I've been waiting for you, Larry. This is my most fertile time I want you to fill me again with your sperm." she said with urgency as she looked out the window at her husband cleaning fish.

"Phyllis, I, I don't think that's a good idea. He's just outside and will be in here in just a little while." Larry rebuked.

But, Phyllis knew his pleas were weak, judging by the bulge in his jeans.

"Quick, take it out. I'll pull my skirt up so you can mount me doggy style. I'll lean over this island counter so I can watch Dan's progress. Please, put some more sperm in my womb." Phyllis hurriedly pleaded as she pulled her skirt up, turned and leaned against the counter so Larry could be seduced by her beautiful soft ass.

"OH, fuck! I can't believe I am going to do this," Larry whispered under his breath as he quickly unzipped his shorts, eased them off his hips, and freed his cock. 

Phyllis's ass was to die for. It was petite and soft. A quick look out the window reassured Larry that Dan wouldn't be walking in on them. 

"Come on, Larry, stick it in me," Phyllis impatiently demanded as she shook her ass invitingly.

This was beyond fucking hot, he was lining his cock up for the initial penetration while he watched his best friend cleaning fish out the kitchen widow. With a plowing thrust Larry filled Phyllis cunt with his cock. His thrust was quick and deep forcing Phyllis's body on top of the counter top so just her toes barely touched the floor.

"OH, your so fucking big, Larry," She gasped loudly. 

"Shhh . . .you can't do that, Dan will hear you," Larry admonished as his cock lay buried in her cunt. 

"Okay, I'll be more careful. Now, just fuck me hard and fast, soak my womb with your sperm again," Phyllis pleaded as she wiggled her ass against Larry.

Slap, slap, slap. . . Larry began his hard fast humping. He wanted to make it last, taking Phyllis doggy style over her kitchen counter was the most daring thing he'd ever done sexually. Fucking his best friend's wife in full view of him oblivious to the carnal coupling.

Slap, slap, slap . . . Larry's humping of Phyllis ass continued. "Oh, yes, yes, oh keep fucking me hard I love the feel of your cock. It touches me so deep inside, deeper than Dan ever could," Phyllis panted in near tellurium. She was laying flat on the counter as her hands gripped the edge in front of her, now lost in the moment she no longer cared about keeping an eye on her husband that was now up to Larry.

"Oh, fuck, Phyllis this is fucking crazy, fucking crazy," Larry cried out as he continued his hard relentless thrusting wanting to quickly cum. A quick glance out the window and Dan was still cleaning fish. After a short pause to catch his breath Larry resumed his thrusting determined to end this crazy breeding session.

Phyllis lay whimpering and moaning in pleasure enjoying the physical sensations of Larry's big cock and the excitement and danger in how her breeding was taking place.

Then Larry's orgasm began to build his balls were full of the baby making sperm Phyllis wanted so desperately. It was hard to stay focused on his breeding task and Dan's location. But, some how he did as he rammed his cock into her womb and deposited another load of sperm.

"Fuck, Phyllis, I can't believe we just fucked in your kitchen with Dan just outside," Larry said breathlessly as he withdrew his soft sticky cock from her pussy so he could pull his shorts back up.

Phyllis pushed herself off the counter and ran into the family room where she sat upside down on Dan's chair to let gravity pull as much sperm as possible into her womb. When the back door opened she quickly jumped up smoothed her skirt and walked into the kitchen smiling and exclaiming her eagerness to fry us all a great fish dinner.

Larry just stood back and watched amazed at how quickly she could go from a bitch in heat to sweat loving housewife. Glancing down Larry's eyes were drawn to her lower leg below her long denim skirt It was on her cave he saw a rivulet of sperm. Phyllis felt it and grabbing a dish towel she quickly and quietly wiped it away.

That Night

Dinner was great and the beer Dan loved so finally drove him off to bed. It was eleven o'clock. Larry said his good nights and went off to take a shower to wash away the days fishing trip. Phyllis likewise showered in preparation of her last breeding session.

Larry climbed into bed nude as was his custom and laid there in the dark hoping that Phyllis would come to him again for another breeding session. Phyllis was the type of girl that one fucking addicted you to her pussy.

An hour passed and Larry grew sleepy, if she was going to come to him again she would have to wake him as she did the night before. With heavy eyes Larry dropped into a restful sleep for the next three hours. Then he began to slowly wake as he became aware of Phyllis gently rubbing his arm.

"Larry . . . Larry . . . wake up I need you one more time," Phyllis whispered insistently.

Larry slowly awoke and as he did he reached up a fondled her tits. Phyllis smiled as she enjoyed his strong hand feeling her up. Tonight would be her last chance for another dose of his sperm, he'd be leaving in the morning.

Not wanting to loose his caressing hand she needed to slip out of her gown. So she took a step back and in the darkness Larry watched her darken form pull her gown up and over her head. When he heard it hit the floor Larry raised up and clicked the night stand lamp on.

The room was filled with a soft revealing light. Even though she had aggressively pursued him fucked him twice and sucked him off her nakedness was still something she had only let her husband's eyes see. Embarrassed she crossed her arms across her tits and in an attempt to hide the rest of her body she leaned forward so her pussy could not be seen.

Larry jumped up sensing her sudden attack of modesty. Phyllis wasn't a slut, she was a virgin on her wedding night and always maintained a strict chaste behavior and dress. As he stood naked in front of her he took her by the arms and raised her up.

"It's okay, Phyllis, if I am to be the father of your's and Dan's baby I should have the right to see your naked loveliness," Larry reassured as he coaxed her arms down so he could at last see her tits.

Phyllis relaxed realizing he was right and it was silly for her to be embarrassed to be seen naked by him. "I am sorry to be so silly," Phyllis whispered as she wrapped her arms around him.

Larry's hope for one more breeding session was beginning, and he was going to make the most of it. Still holding one another Larry turned them about so Phyllis's back was to the bed. Then when she could move back no further she fell onto the bed with Larry's body a top her's. They both laughed softly as Larry lifted his head so he could look into her sweet innocent eyes. Their gaze lasted several seconds ending when Larry saw her moist lips parting. When their lips touched Phyllis quickly lost her momentary shyness as she began a lovers kiss of frolicking tongues with him.

Breaking their kiss Larry took his kisses to the soft skin of her neck were he kissed and licked her till he sucked a mouth full of her neck intending on marking her. Phyllis with a sudden presence of mind pushed him off. "No, you can't give me a hickey Dan will see it, Larry. If you must mark me mark the side of my tit I can conceal that from him." Phyllis offered wishing she could let him mark her neck with a big hickey.

Larry smiled and said, "Of course you are right I will give you a very large hickey on your tit, then." 

Phyllis felt Larry licking and kissing her left tit till he reach the soft tender under side, then she felt him sucking the soft flesh of her tit hard into his mouth. She gasped her hands gripping the sides of his head as she felt his temporary branding. When it was over Phyllis wore a large dark red hickey on her tit, Larry's mark of passion.

With a prideful inspection of his work Larry smiled and began kissing and licking his way down her body. Stopping at her belly button so his tongue could prob and tickle it. When he arrived at her pubic mound he brushed his check and face over the course curly hairs. 

Larry loved licking pussy. It was an integral part to how he took pleasure in bedding a woman. Her scent and sweet juices were intoxicating as were the moans of pleasure that would come from the woman he was with.

Placing his hands behind her knees he lifted and opened Phyllis legs exposing her sex to him. Phyllis eyes grew wide open as she watched him lower his mouth down to her pussy she hoped it would be fresh enough for him since it had been three hours since she showered.

"Oh, Larry . . . Oh, Larry," she whispered in eager anticipation. Then she felt his tongue licking er pussy lips. This made her whole body tingle. "Oh, yes . . . that's it, Larry, lick my pussy."

Larry's tongue darted and swirled through her labia till he capture her clit with his tongue this caused an immediate orgasm to course through Phyllis entire being. To prevent Dan from hearing her screams of pleasure she had to cover her face with a pillow.

"Mmmm . . . that was so nice, Larry. I can tell Dan was right about your liking to lick pussy," Phyllis said with a contented smile and sigh. 

"Dan shared that with you?" Larry asked as he resumed a slow savoring of her sweet juices.
