 Mmmmmm... 

A pair of soft lips was being pressed against his neck and in such a sensuous manner that his cock stirred in life. He kept his eyes closed, allowing his senses to awaken along the tongue's wet trail across the sensitive flesh behind his ear, swirling gently. The lips moved along the line of his ear, alternately nibbling and licking, the breath hot tickling in his hair.

"Are you awake, love?"

The sound of Jaime's husky voice sent tingles through his skin. "Now, I am." Without opening his eyes, Shane reached for his lover, tangling his fingers in the soft, dark waves of hair and melting into the heat of his scalp. Their mouths touched and tongues connected, hands roaming and caressing skin and muscle alike. He felt as if he was still dreaming; never could he have imagined that the dream he was living was truly happening. Jaime's hard naked length was pressed against him, his velvet-encased steel muscle poking his thigh.

"I want you," Jaime whispered. "Inside me."

"No." Shane pulled back, sleepily blinking into Jaime's face. "We stick to our agreement."

Jaime looked hurt. "But I want... "

Shane grabbed Jaime's jaw, bringing his eyes up. "I don't want our first time to be in a hotel room, Jai. I want to be in my bed, looking into your eyes when I cum inside you. It just feels wrong."

Jaime curled around him, trembling with disappointment. "Oh, Shane... " Shane wrapped his arms around him. "I'm sorry."

"Don't apologize, baby." Shane kissed Jaime's forehead. "But I want our first time to be special. I want it to be something that we'll look back on and remember forever."

Jaime's dark eyes filled with tears. "I love you, Shane."

"I know, Jai. I love you, too." Shane lifted his friend's hand and slid his high school football championship ring onto Jaime's hand. "Until I can buy you one when we get home, will this do?"

Time stood still. Jaime felt the cool metal slide over his knuckle, grabbing onto muscle as it came to a stop at the base of his finger. It was a perfect fit. Jaime turned to Shane, the realization hitting them at the same time and smiles forming on their faces. It was meant to be. It was meant to be.

The phone rang, startling them back into reality. Shane broke into guilty giggles, hugging Jaime to him who couldn't control his own, and reached for the instrument.

"Hello?"

"Good morning, Shane. It's James." James Weathers sighed in blessed delight, his body aching but cocooned by the warm body of his soul mate. Beverly's head was resting over his heart, her hands pressed together in a child's prayer and her exotic brown eyes closed. "Did I wake you?"

"No." Shane giggled again, grinning harder than he had in a long time. 

"Good. Listen, I was just about to wake Beverly. Would you and Jaime like to join us for breakfast on the veranda?"

"Sure."

"About twenty minutes?"

"Sounds great."

"Okay. I'll call down and reserve the table."

"Cool." Jaime bent and bit Shane's ear. "Uh, James?"

"Yes?"

"Should we call Kevin, Kelly Jo and Ashley?"

"I don't know. I thought about giving Kevin a call, but I wasn't sure of what to say."

"Would you like me to call him?"

James thought for a moment, pausing in his tactile study of her soft, brown skin. "You wouldn't mind?"

"No. Kevin was very kind to me."

"All right. Give me a call back."

"Okay. 'Bye."

"'Bye."

James hung up the phone and turned on his side, carefully sliding his shoulder from underneath her and letting his eyes glide over the beauty of her sleeping face. Her black wavy hair was tumbled all over, partially covering her shoulders and hiding the bottom of her chin and part of her mouth. He didn't need to see her mouth to remember its sensual contours. One of the most exciting parts of last evening was when she had him sit on the edge of the bed, stroked him to a state of petrified wood and knelt between his legs. Just before she took him into her mouth, she applied lipstick, a deep red cherry color, and proceeded to give him an inspired blowjob.

He would never forget the sight of his white cock sliding past her ruby-red lips, her brown-skinned hand wrapped around the base. She had only smiled. I told you I watched a lot of pornos. Beverly had eagerly stepped into the role of a whore, sloppily sucking him to a mind-blowing climax courtesy of garish makeup and a lover's intuition.

She sighed deeply and yawned, her tawny eyes blinking at him. An instant and easy smile lit her features. "Hi."

"Hi, yourself." He pressed a kiss to the tip of her nose. "Hungry?"

Beverly laughed. "Jesus, James! Can't you give a girl a break?"

He smiled, running his fingers along the round of her shoulder and down to her hand. "I always have room for you, Beverly, but I was actually talking about breakfast. I called Shane and invited Jaime and him to join us. Was that okay?"

"Yes." Her smile was heartwarming and James felt like he was looking into the face of the sun. "I'm famished. You wore me out, white boy."

James threw his head back and shouted in laughter. "I could say the same, black girl." He sank down into the pillows, rubbing his nose against her and inhaling her vanilla musk scent. "I don't have words to express to you about what last night meant to me." He pulled back, searching her soft eyes and she stopped him with a fingertip.

"James, last night was the most wonderful night of my life." She rubbed her finger across his pursed lips. "I thank you for it, but please don't make any promises you can't keep."

He started to open his mouth but closed it when he realized that she was right. He loved her but he had always remained a bachelor. He knew the rightness of their relationship but he was still reluctant to believe in the trueness of it. And she knew. "Bev... "

The phone rang a second time and Shane was on the other end. "Hey, James. I talked with Ashley and she wants to have breakfast, but she wanted to know if the veranda was enclosed. You know, private."

"I don't know. Let me give the front desk a call and I'll call you right back."

"Okay." Shane hung up the phone and gazed at Jaime's beautiful form. He was lying on his stomach and Shane couldn't help but run his hand over his body from shoulder to hip, pausing to stroke his furred buttocks, to run his finger along the crease where buttock and leg meet and to trace the deep furrow of his spinal column.

"I'm glad I'm not a girl."

"Why?" Shane asked, continuing his stroking.

"I don't know if I could survive being raped."

"It's a horrible thing, Jai, but Ashley's doing pretty well." 

Jaime was silent for a long moment. "I know, but... I'm just glad that I'm not a girl."

Shane let his fingers slide into Jaime's warm ass cleft, giving his asshole a firm stroke. Jaime shivered, his eyes connecting with Shane's. They were both very anxious to consummate their relationship and both were trying very hard not to give in to the temptation. "You wouldn't have gotten me if you were a girl."

"I'm glad you're not." Jaime closed his eyes, melting into Shane's embrace and sighing over the sensation of Shane's tongue in his mouth. "I couldn't imagine not having the chance to love you."

The phone rang and this time, Jaime answered it, laying his head in Shane's lap and looking up into his eyes. "Hello?"

"Hi, uh, Shane?"

"No, it's Jaime. You want to talk to him?"

"No, I can talk to you. It's Kelly Jo." Kelly Jo turned back and smiled at Kevin and Ashley who were sitting together at the end of the bed. "James just called and said that the veranda can be closed so we're all going to breakfast. We're planning to meet down there in about 10 minutes. Is that cool?"

"Yeah. It won't take us long to dress."

"All right, Jaime. See you there."

Kevin watched his sister hang up the phone and laughed as she launched herself into her lap, wrapping her arms around his neck and starting to give him a hickie. Ashley looked on with a smile, her body still racked with soreness and her heart still secretly heavy with pain. "Time for breakfast." Kelly Jo announced, soundly giving him a kiss, then giving a gentle one to Ashley. "Come on, Ash. Let's get dressed."

"Okay." Kelly Jo left Kevin's lap, giving her brother a kiss and opened the adjoining door to her room. Ashley arose stiffly but Kevin caught her hand, his eyes imploring. "I'm okay." She said softly. "Really, I'm okay." Kevin nodded, his dark eyes filling with tears and he turned her hand over and pressed a long, wet kiss to her palm before releasing her.

Ashley joined Kelly Jo in the room, her mind still swirling but her hand burning from the passion in his kiss.

* * * * * *

No one felt that they should arrive on the veranda alone. Shane and Jaime went to James' room and collected James and Beverly, then went to Kelly Jo's room to gather Ashley, Kevin and Kelly Jo. Together, the group rode the elevator in silence, all touching each other in some fashion so they were one endless slice of sexual DNA. When they reached the enclosed room, Beverly embraced Ashley, giving her a friendly kiss on the cheek. She looked into her eyes and whispered, "I love you, Ashley. Please let me know if I can help you."

Ashley nearly started crying at that. Jaime, a stranger who didn't know her, also gave her a hug, his handsome features twisted in anger. "Ashley, you don't know me, but I wish I was there to beat the shit out of that son-of-a-bitch." She watched him turn and bury himself in Shane's arms, holding a hand to his tearing eyes, still cursing under his breath.

James gave her a quick hug, pausing to give her cheek a fatherly stroke and Shane did the same, kissing her cheek as if he was her brother. Finally, everyone found a seat and Ashley stood, tears on her bruised cheeks.

"I... " She cleared her throat and both Kelly Jo and Kevin took her hands on either side of her and she offered each an appreciative smile. "I can't begin to tell each of you how grateful I am for your support and friendship." Ashley tried to smile but her facial muscles failed her. "But I've never had anything like this happen before and I don't know what to say."

"You don't have to say anything, Ashley." Beverly held up her glass of orange juice. "A toast to Miss Ashley Martin."

"Swenten."

Beverly smiled at Ashley's correction. "A toast to Miss Ashley Swenten."

"Here, here!"

After the toast and a few more tears, they found that they could all continue with breakfast.

* * * * * *

The rest of the day was the most fun they'd all had as a group. Shane and Ashley went parasailing. Jaime, James and Beverly went hunting for antiques and photographic equipment. Kevin and Kelly Jo went into town to do some shopping.

"Kel, I have something to tell you." Kelly Jo looked up at him across a carousel of summer sweaters. "I asked Nathan to see if he could arrange a task for me."

"For Ashley."

"Yes."

Kelly Jo came around the side of the display and gave him a hug. "I knew you would."

"You knew?"

"I've seen the way you've been looking at her since the... " Kelly Jo didn't have the heart to name the assault. "Kevin, it would be the most wonderful thing if you found that you could love Ashley."

"But what about you?"

"What about me? I'm still your sister and I'm still in love with you as much as I'm in love with her." She touched his cheek. "The three of us... we could be the family that we lost when Mom and Dad died. If you fell in love with her, if you married her... " Her eyes touched his. "I could be an auntie."

Kelly Jo's words touched something deep inside him and he began to cry. "Oh, Kel. I want her so badly."

"Then if Nathan grants your wish, let's make this special for her."

"Special?" Kevin pulled back from her embrace, tears cascading down his cheeks.

"Yes." Kelly Jo wiped his face, cupping it gently. "She's been through a rough time and she may not want to trust a man again. You're going to have to make her believe that her love for you can outweigh her fear of future torment. You're going to have to make her believe in your love for her."

"Will you help me?"

"Of course, I will. I love you." Kelly Jo gave him a quick kiss. "Now, let's finish up here. I have some ideas... "

* * * * * *

"Oh, yes! Yes, James! YES!"

James felt her exquisite release and added his own, loving the feel of her weight on top of him. She had wanted to be on top this time and he couldn't say no, especially not when she'd given him a blow job that made his eyeballs roll back into his head. Beverly quivered with aftershocks and slowly slid to his side, snuggling next to his heaving body. "How many times was that?"

"I don't know. I lost count." James hugged her to him. "Besides, I'm too tired to count. You've worn me out again."

"This is probably the most exercise you've ever done in your life." She snickered, tickling his nipple with her tongue.

"Look who's talking!" They both giggled for a moment, then, "Bev, is there any chance that you could get pregnant?"

"No. Momma put me on birth control pills a long time ago, hoping that it would give me an excuse to have sex with someone, anyone!" She laughed. "Why?"

"Just worried a little."

"Would you have been all right with being a father?"

"I would have been more than all right. I was just worried for you."

"Why be worried for me?"

James took a deep breath, his heart still pounding from their lovemaking. "You sort of made it clear that you didn't want me to make any promises to you... "

"That you couldn't keep, James."

"Well, what if I want to make a promise?" He lifted her chin so that he could see her eyes. "A big one?"

"James... "

"No. Answer my question, Beverly. What if I wanted to make you a promise? A promise to love you for as long as you'll have me?"

"I would say that it's too soon. We haven't known each other long enough for a promise like that."

James stared at her. "Is that how you really feel? Are you so scared that you'd throw a chance at happiness away?"

Beverly sat up and turned her back on him as she swung her legs over the edge of the bed. "James, if I say yes to you, what do expect from me?"

"I expect you to move in with me. I expect you to find a new place for your shop. I expect you to become successful and I expect you to love me."

"That's all?"

"Well, that's just for starts. I also expect you to take me in marriage and to provide me with at least one little James or Beverly." He reached out to touch her back. "And I expect to live happily ever after." He paused. "What's spooking you so?"

"James, I'm not as well off as you are."

"So?" Then he understood. "I'll buy you whatever you need, Beverly, and if it'll make you feel better, you can pay me back after the shop gets going."

"I don't want to be a kept woman. I don't want to feel that I can't express myself just because you have the money."

Now he really understood. "Beverly, if I had wanted a biddable woman, I would have been married a long time ago. There are plenty of women out there who want nothing more than to be taken care of, not wanting to do their own thing and have their own success. I don't want a woman that kisses my ass. I want someone who's willing to fight with me as passionately as she makes love to me."

"And you think you've found her?"

"No. I know I've found her." James pulled her backward, back into his arms and against him. "I want you, Beverly. Will you at least give it a try?"

"And if it doesn't work?"

"Then I'll buy you a home so you can be independent and we continue our lives."

Beverly thought for a moment. Her own home. That would be fantastic. But then she felt his arms tighten around her and his soft kisses on the nape of her neck and knew what she really wanted, why she was so afraid.

"If I say yes, I don't want you to become my mother and tell me what to eat."

"Beverly, I love you the way you are. I just want you to be happy and healthy."

Wow. She thought of coming home to his open arms, making love to him and falling asleep in his arms. "Okay, James. We'll give it a try."

* * * * * *

Ashley awoke to a knock on the door. She slowly shook off the thick mantle of sleep and stumbled over. "Who is it?"

"It's Nathan, honey."

She opened the door and stepped back as the black man came in, carrying a large box and followed by a young man and a lady with a valise. "Uh, hi."

"Hi, honey. How are you?"

"Fine, thanks. Uh, who are they?" Nathan fished an envelope out of his pocket, much smaller than the regular ones they were usually given and handed it to her. "Uh, I don't think I'm ready for this."

"Read it first, before you make your decision."

Sighing in resignation, Ashley pulled the flap open and read the message. "You and the other six members of your scavenger hunt team have proven to be perfection. This was to be your final task; an individual task chosen just for you, but something special happened. Kevin Marcus has requested a special favor. A chance to make love to you and to bring your comfort. This special task, task number thirteen, is to allow yourself to love again. The reward will be $20,000 dollars for each of you but the result will be priceless for you. Proof will be not required. It is possible that you could lie to Nathan but your past efforts have proven your trustworthiness. And the fact that you are in love with Mr. Marcus will ensure completion. Enjoy your special evening."

Ashley looked up at Nathan's expectant face. "Is this for real?" He nodded. "Kevin asked for this task?" 

Again, Nathan nodded. "He is very much in love with you, Miss Swenten, but he wants to make sure that you're comfortable. He is happy that you love his sister and he said that if you declined his task, he wouldn't have hard feelings."

Ashley tapped the card against her finger. "Well, Nathan, there's no chance I could decline it. The card is very right. I am in love with Kevin and Kelly Jo."

"Good." He handed her another envelope. "You may open this later, after your encounter with Mr. Marcus. Meanwhile, this is Andrew and Candy. Andrew is a masseur and Candy will do your hair and makeup. Your dress and shoes are in this box, along with a few more instructions which you are not to open until you are dressed and ready to go."

Ashley allowed Andrew to give her a deep massage, then she showered and shaved and sat perfectly still while Candy did her hair and her makeup. When she was done, Ashley felt like a fairy princess. The dress was rose-colored and draped over her curves nicely, leaving her breasts high and half-covered. The shoes had two-inch stiletto heels and perfectly matched the dress. Her hair hung in huge waves around her face and she shivered when she saw her reflection. Andrew and Candy bade her good night and she sat on the edge of the bed with the envelope that had been enclosed with the dress and shoes.

It was from Kevin. "Ashley, I don't know when it was that I fell in love with you. It might have been the first time I laid eyes on you, so emotionally beat down yet so defiant. It might have been when you took the second task and spared Beverly or when you fell in love with my lovely sister. I only know that I knew it for sure after you survived the attack. I was so proud to see how you handled yourself. I knew that I loved you in that instant and I want to show you how much. Please allow me, if only for a short time, to love you. Kevin."

A key card was included in the envelope, stamped with the number 1503. Suite number 1503. Where Kevin awaited.

Kelly Jo opened the door when she arrived and the breath fled from Ashley's lungs. She thought she'd never seen Kelly Jo as beautiful as she was tonight. She moved in to kiss her but Kelly Jo quickly stepped back. "Not tonight."

