 Kevin was almost finished packing when a knock sounded on the adjoining door. He opened it and found Kelly Jo standing there.

“Finished already?”

“Yep.” She sat on the edge of his bed, watching him fold his pants and lay them in the suitcase. “You know me.”

“Yeah, you always had packing down to a science.” He laughed. “So how’s Ashley?”

“She’s fine. She’s still a little concerned that you hate her … “

“I don’t hate her, Kelly Jo. I’m just … “

Kelly Jo caught his hesitation and knew what it meant. “Just what?”

Kevin dropped the pants into the case unfolded and sat down next to her. “Just jealous.”

“Jealous? Of Ash?”

“Of the relationship you guys have.” Kevin looked into his sister’s soft eyes, then looked away. “I’m in love with you, Kel. I have been for a long time.”

Kelly Jo’s heart jumped in her chest. “Why didn’t you tell me?”

“Because you’re my sister. Because it’s wrong.”

“Who says it’s wrong?” Kelly Jo lifted his head, bringing his eyes back to hers. “Ever since Mom and Dad died, you’ve been everything to me. I’ve always loved you, Kev. Always.”

“Kel … “

Another knock sounded. This time, it was Nathan, bearing an envelope for Kevin. Kelly Jo knew that she’d be asked to leave so she gave Kevin a kiss and left through the adjoining door. Nathan stood quietly as Kevin took the envelope from him and began to read.

“By now, you should be packed and ready to accomplish your fifth task on the scavenger hunt. The fifth task is to seduce and give oral sex to a female taxi driver. Simple task? No. Kevin must be chosen to accomplish this task. The reward will be $3,750 dollars, with $1,000 for the non-participants.” Kevin looked over at Nathan. “No proof is required as Nathan will be hiding in the closet, watching the activities. If you follow the instructions, you will receive the money upon completion.” Kevin refolded the envelope. “You’ll hide in the closet?”

“Yes, sir. Per the instructions.”

“And it’s only oral?”

“Yes, sir.”

“I can do that.”

“Great, sir. The driver is waiting downstairs. You’ll have to pay her, also.”

“Not a problem.” Kevin arose and headed for the door.

“Um, Mr. Marcus?”

“Yeah.”

“May I ask you a question?”

“Sure.”

“Why were you concerned that it was only oral?”

Kevin’s face turned red as he blushed. “Because I’m a virgin, Nathan, and there’s only one person I want to share it with.”

Nathan nodded. “All right. I’ll be waiting.”

*****

The phone rang once, then twice. On the third ring, Arletta Johansson’s brittle voice crackled down the airwaves and into Beverly’s ear.

“Hello?”

“Hi, Momma.”

Thick, uncomfortable silence followed. “What do you want?”

“I just called to let you know that I was okay and to find out how you were.”

“You actually care?”

“Oh, Momma, you know I care! I left you a note.”

“Yeah, and snuck out of here like a rat!”

“Well, I had to.”

“No, you didn’t! You didn’t have to leave!”

“Yes, I did, Momma, and we both know why.”

“No, I don’t.”

“Yes, you do. You tell me I’m too fat, then you give me cookies. You pin pictures of skinny women on the fridge, but don’t tell me that there are big-sized models. You don’t want me to be successful!”

“What? Of course, I do! Your boutique is doing well, isn’t it?”

“Yes, but I’m not!” Beverly couldn’t believe she was yelling at her mother. “I am not well! Do you know that I’ve lost six pounds already?”

“What?”

“You heard me, Momma. I lost six pounds! And men are looking at me like I’m pretty!”

“They’re probably just desperate.” Arletta spat. “Besides, I never met a man who didn’t like big tits.”

“Momma! I can’t believe you said that!”

“Well, what do you expect?”

Beverly felt a small piece of her heart die in that instant. “Nothing. I guess I should have known that.” She took a deep breath, wiping the tears from her eyes. “You can clean out my room, Momma. I won’t be coming back.”

“What … what do you mean?”

“I mean, I’m moving out. I’m going to get my own place where no one portions my food and sabotages me.”

“Your own place? Ha! You can’t even pay for your own place!”

“Well, I have $7,000 in my hand right now. I think that’s more than enough to pay for my own place.”

“What are you, a hooker now?”

“Goodbye, Momma. Have a good life.”

*****

Kevin got down to the street and squinted against the bright sunlight. The doorman stared at him as if he was crazy but Kevin ignored him, looking for the taxi cab. He found it, but it wasn’t what he expected. The cab was a candy apple red Prowler and the woman in the front seat looked like she’d beat the shit out of you if you looked at her funny. Ugh! She looks like a man! Kevin cleared his throat and summoned his courage, approaching the car on the driver’s side. Before he could reach the door, the woman jumped out, sizing him up with suspicious eyes.

“What do you want?”

“You’re my driver.” Kevin said. “My name is Kevin Marcus.”

“So?”

Kevin was confused. “I was told that you are to be my driver.”

“So?”

“Maybe I need to hire someone else.” He fished a bill out of his pocket. “Here. Thanks, anyway.”

“Hey!”

“I said, thanks anyway!” Kevin stomped through the lobby, taking the elevator to his room. Little did he know that a few minutes later, she’d be standing at his door, angrily banging on it. “What the hell do you want? I thought I told you that I was to hire someone else!”

“You ain’t gonna hire anyone else! You’re gonna hire me!”

“Look, I don’t know what your problem is … “

“I know what your problem is.” The woman grabbed his package through his jeans and gave an authoritative squeeze, backing him up against the wall. “You haven’t been laid in awhile, have ya?”

“I don’t know what you’re talking about.”

“Yes, you do.” She kept him from moving, using her hard, solid body to pin him while her fingers sought out the button and zipper of his jeans. “If you don’t, then why’s your dick so hard?”

Kevin responded with a gasp as her hand plunged into his pants, her callused fingers wrapping around his prick and giving it a gentle squeeze. “Oh, God!”

“If you wanna call someone’s name, it’s Janet.” She pulled on his meat again, using her other hand to push his jeans down around his hips. He groaned again as he felt the cool air caress his flesh and her fingers stroke his heated cock. “And you have a nice cock. Think I need to taste it.”

“No, Janet … “ His weak plea ended with a groan. “UH!” Her lipstick-laden lips enfolded his prick, her tongue rolling around the head and slipping into the slit. He groaned again, shuddering as her fingers juggled his balls, tugging and squeezing them until he was groaning again. “Oh, Janet.”

“Music to my ears.” She murmured, her mouth filled with cock.

Janet was a fantastic cocksucker. It might have been because this was only his third ever blowjob or because she was so enthusiastic about her work. Or a combination of both. Whatever it was, she was setting his mind and body on fire. Every nerve ending in his body seemed to be located in his blood-engorged penis, every inch encased in her warm mouth. Even though she was good, Kevin couldn’t look at her. He was thinking about Kelly Jo, imagining that she was on her knees as Janet was now. Yes. Yes!

Where Janet was rough, Kelly Jo would be soft. She wouldn’t apply this painful suction, even though it was making him moan. Her lips would gently take him in, the mere act of her gentility making him even harder. Oh, yes! Her wet pink tongue would lave every inch of his cock, like a lollipop, tracing the dark pink rim of the head and surrounding the dark purple skin. “Oh, yes!”

“I want you to cum, my lovely man. You taste so good that I want every drop.”

“Oh, yes. Suck my cock.”

“Mmmm.” Janet took his throbbing length into her mouth once again, moving her mouth up and down his fevered flesh. “Come on, baby. Choke me with your cum.”

Kevin closed his eyes again, visions of Kelly Jo dancing in his mind. After all these years, watching her grow and mature into the beautiful young woman that she was, he would have a chance to show her his love. Oh, how he wished she could be the bearer of his child! How he wished they could live happily ever after! How he wished … oh, God! The woman’s ministrations were bringing him to the edge and he felt the need to cum in every cell of his being. She seemed to sense this and grabbed his hands, placing them on her head.

“Oh, Janet!” He began to pump her mouth, using shallow strokes at first, then lengthening and deepening them until she was swallowing his entire prick, coating it with her thick saliva and rocketing him toward rapture. He looked down into her eyes, seeing Kelly Jo’s and let out a deep gasp as his cock bucked against the roof of her mouth, emptying its precious load into her throat. She swallowed as quickly as she could, but some escaped, leaving liquid snow in the corners of her mouth. He jerked again and again, his cock pumping another three or four dollops of jizz into her mouth. “Fuck, that was good!”

He knew that she had heard his whisper but he didn’t wait for her response. He grabbed her shoulders and pushed her back on the bed. She started to rise but he shoved her back again, cupping her sex and squeezing one of her voluminous breasts. Janet gasped.

“You didn’t think I’d let you leave without returning the favor, did you?” Kevin didn’t give her a chance to speak. He unfastened her pants and slid them easily over her hips, taking one pant leg all the way off her body. Her pussy was covered with thick, black hair and didn’t look like it had been trimmed in years. 

“Oh, fuck!” Janet squealed as she felt his thick fingers parting her cunt lips, gently sliding up and down her moist slit as he sought to raise her temperature. Her body shook as he stroked a second and third time, petting a recalcitrant animal that came to life beneath his fingertips. “Oh, yes, you lovely beast. Do me!”

Kevin thrust two fingers into her wet hole, smiling as she screamed in pleasure, a river of pussy cream wetting his fingers and the comforter beneath her. He thrust his fingers into her humid slit again and again, watching her body react and enjoying the power he had over her. Once again, he imagined that this was his Kelly Jo, her pink pussy winking at him. He slowly removed his fingers and knelt at the side of the bed, pulling her bulk to the edge. Then, parting her glistening lips with his fingers, he bent down and stuck his tongue into her weeping slit.

She moaned, quickly becoming a quivering mass of womanly flesh as his tongue relentlessly lashed her cunt, sliding up and down. Finally, her slit was wet enough and Kevin changed his attack strategy. Now, he found her clit and massaged it with his tongue, coaxing it out of its protective nest. Her soft moans grew louder now, her fingers threading through his hair. He licked again, letting his tongue be his eyes as he explored her hairy pussy, dipping into her well-lubricated hole, then up to her swelling clit.

“Oh, yes. Make me cum.” Kevin knew that it wouldn’t take much. He rubbed his mouth and nose into her sloppy slit, his fingers searching for her clit and pressing down. “Oh, yes! Oh, yes!” Her body stiffened and Kevin tasted the wine of her body. Her cunt cream flowed over his tongue and he eagerly drank it down, holding her hips as she came. He gently disengaged himself, using his fingers to massage her into calmness. “You’re not bad.”

Kevin dashed to the bathroom and came back with a warm cloth, wiping her clutching pussy and redressing her. “So I guess you’re hired.”

Janet smiled. “I’ll be waiting for you.” She paused in the open door. “Just don’t be too long!”

Kevin washed his face and hands in the bathroom and emerged to find Nathan sitting on the bed. “Congratulations, you’ve completed the fifth task.” Nathan withdrew a stack of bills from his jacket pocket and handed them to Kevin. “Not too bad.”

“Thanks, I think.”

“Well, if you’re ready to go, we have a plane to catch.”

“I’m ready, Nathan. I’m really ready.”

“Then, let’s go!”