 It was one of those perfectly beautiful fall days on the prairies. A hot sun blazed down through clear blue skies and a warm wind caressed everything in its path as it moved across the land. It was just the kind of weather that farmers for miles around had been hoping for. The dry, hot weather would allow them to get their crops out of the fields early this year.

As Gail rumbled along the back road in her pickup, she enjoyed the feel of warm air blowing in through the open window. Other than the occasional tractor working in a field, there was nobody in sight as far as the eye could see; which was a long ways on this flat prairie land. Beside her on the truck's seat was Steve's lunch. Gail had put together sandwiches, a beer and a slice of chocolate cake. He had been in the fields since sunrise and would be ravenous by now. 

Slowing to turn off the road into their field, Gail noticed the tractor was stopped on the far side of the canola field. She could see that Steve wasn't in the tractor, but was working on the swather he was using. Rather than wait for him to finish what he was doing and move the equipment around to the road, Gail headed into the field, bumping along the path which ran around it. A couple of partridges flushed ahead as she drove and she noticed a large hawk gliding effortlessly in the warm breezes. A beautiful day.

She neared the equipment after a few minutes of driving and bumping along and pulled up as Steve stood and wiped his brow with a rag. His muscle shirt was sweat-soaked from working on the swather and his sweat pants were dusty from crawling beneath it. Gail hopped out of the truck, dressed in a tight tank top, short denim shorts and sneakers. "Hey babe, how's it going?" she asked.

"It was going great 'til a half hour ago, then a bolt broke off on the swather and I had to fix it. It's always some damn thing. Oh well, what's for lunch?"

"The usual," she replied. "And I made sure the beer is ice cold. Why don't we get in the tractor, it's hot out here?"

"Sure," he said, grabbing the ladder up to the cab. "Sounds good."

First Steve, then Gail, climbed up into the cab of the big four wheel drive unit. The big diesel engine was banging away up front, but when Gail closed the cab door, she was cooled by the air conditioner, which was running full blast. The engine noise was replaced when Steve pushed a Rush tape into the stereo. Steve slumped into the air ride seat and pushed it back as Gail stood near him and opened the box with his lunch. As she pulled out a beer, Steve noticed she was looking hot today – both temperature-wise and looks-wise. He loved it when she wore her short shorts, short enough that a little bum cheek was showing at the frayed edge.

He ran a hand up her leg and caressed her thigh a little as she handed him a beer. As he did so, he noticed her nipples were hard beneath the tank top she wore. Moving from the heat outside into the cool interior had brought on the hardness, along with goosebumps all over her skin. "Now this is my idea of a lunch break," said Steve as he moved his hand up her thigh. Gail, who was always easily aroused, spread her legs apart as she stood beside him. Noticing the invitation, Steve gently ran his fingers over the crotch of her shorts. Gail pushed toward him and he moved his fingers up the front of her thigh and under the denim. Gently, he eased one finger far enough under the tight material that he could feel her trimmed pubic hair.

Horny now, Gail looked all around through the windows of the tractor cab, but couldn't see a vehicle or any people anywhere in sight. Why not? she thought. With Steve's finger just able to reach the lips of her pussy, Gail moaned softly and pushed against his hand. "Mmmmmm, that feels good," she said. With her nipples now at full attention, she reached to her shorts and undid the button, then the fly. Steve didn't need any further enticement and slid the shorts down her legs. With the shorts around her ankles, Gail stepped out of them, leaving her sneakers on. Lifting one foot to place it on the armrest of the seat, she pushed her pussy at Steve.

Steve gently inserted a finger in her and probed a little. As he lightly touched her lips, Gail moaned and closed her eyes. As Steve started to slowly fingerfuck her, she pulled her tank top down to her waist. Now with two fingers in her, Steve bent to take a nipple in his mouth. Gail's nipples were firm and ultra sensitive and as Steve nuzzled, kissed and licked them, she could feel excitement course through her body. Holding his head in her hands, she moaned. "Mmmmm, that's awesome, babe. Don't stop."

As he continued to lick and suck her nipples, and probe her pussy with a finger, Gail began to meet his finger with her pussy, taking him deeper inside her. They continued this for a few moments, with Gail being swept away with pleasure as Steve began to fondle himself through his pants. Looking down, she noticed him pleasing himself. "Hey babe, we can't have that. Stand up for a second." Steve removed his finger and stood and Gail pulled down his sweat pants and boxers. She took his wonderful, circumcised penis in her fingers and stroked him, then smiled as he pushed into her hand.

"Easy, big guy. We've got time. Sit back and relax." With her fingers still wrapped around him, Steve slumped back into the air seat. "There, isn't that comfy?" she asked.

"Oh yeah," he moaned as she stroked him. "That's great." Bent over him, with his penis in one hand, Gail moved the tilt steering wheel with the other. She swung a leg over him, then sat on his knees. As he reclined back in the seat, she continued with her handjob, alternately stroking him and fondling the head. With her other hand, she reached down to cup his balls and gently gave them a squeeze. "Oh my God, babe. That feels great."

While she was enjoying his rod in her hand, Gail also felt a need to have him inside her. Raising herself on her toes, she moved forward and eased herself onto him, slowly enveloping the head with her pussy, then moving to take his full length inside her. Now it was Gail's turn to moan with pleasure. She put her hands on his shoulders and moved close so he could suck her nipples again. As he did, it was like a shock ran through her, from her nipples to her pussy. It was almost electric. Incredibly aroused now, Gail began to ride Steve, sliding up and down his shaft, stopping with the head between her lips, then moving down to take him deep inside her. As she did, she hugged him tightly and looked around out the windows again – nobody in sight.

After long moments of slow fucking, Gail felt an orgasm approaching and, by the feel of Steve inside her, and the way he was moaning, she felt he was getting close as well. With his hands on her hips, she began riding him more quickly. As she picked up speed, the air seat began bouncing under them, giving a little each time she moved her pussy down on him. 

Fucking faster, with Steve clenching his penis inside her, Gail was amazed at the sensation of it all, the air conditioning cooling their bodies, music blasting out of the stereo, the big diesel pounding away and her pounding on Steve. Looking out the window as she bounced, she felt her orgasm approaching. He could feel her pussy tightening with the oncoming orgasm and, with his hands on her hips, began lifting her a little as she plunged up and down on him. "Almost there, babe?" he asked, looking at her, eyes closed in concentration.

Gail could only moan and smile and then, as she felt orgasm ripple through her, let out a long, "Ooooooh myyyyyy Goooooooood" as she came in spasms. At the same time, she felt Steve's hot cum gush inside her as she rode him. As they came together, Gail slowed to enjoy a flush of warmth through her body. Then, with Steve cumming inside her, she stopped her motion and sat still, feeling him throbbing. They looked into each other's eyes and, as he clenched his penis inside her, she squeezed him back. 

"That was really incredible, babe," whispered Steve. "Just stay there for a while, I don't want this to stop." He could feel their combined juices running down onto his balls.

"Mmmmm. I don't either," she replied. "I feel like I'd like to sit here for the rest of the day. Just the two of us, with nobody else for miles around. Tell you what; I'll do just that for as long as you're hard." With Steve still inside, Gail knew she'd never look at this tractor the same way again.