 This is a copyrighted original work by the author. All rights reserved.

All characters featured herein are at least eighteen years of age, even if not expressly stated. Any resemblance between actual persons, living or dead is entirely coincidental. Everything that happens in this story is consensual sex between a husband and wife. Yes there are a few kinks but you will have to read it to find out what they are. Thanks, Dean





I was sitting in my little hideaway or man cave working on a story for Literotica when my wife walked through the door and said, "We need to talk."

Now usually when she says something like that I know that I am in trouble for something I have either done, not done, or wish I would have done. In this case it was definitely something that I had done many times. The problem was that she knew about my writing and I had never planned on telling her. This was my little way to escape from the realities of life and a way to wind down. 

I don't exactly know when she did it but somehow she had a copy of a story that I wrote for Literotica. Now this is when things started to get interesting. She showed me the copy of the story Dean and Marie Ch. 5 and I knew that I had never printed a copy of anything that I had written. It all stays on this computer and I use this computer for nothing but writing. The only way she could have gotten a copy of that was to download it to a jump drive and then print it somewhere else. I do not have a printer hooked up to this computer for a reason and that being; there was no way to print from here. I do not even have any printer drivers installed on the computer.

She looked at me and said, "Can you read this and tell me about it?"

I looked at the heading on it and saw what it was and said, "Sure, do you need me to do it right this minute?" As I laid the copy on the corner of my desk acting like I wasn't interested in it.

"I think you need to take some time and read this, if you don't mind."

The tone in her voice was one of frustration and I could tell she was pissed at me but she didn't want to come right out and blame me...yet.

Just to make it look good I picked it up and took my time reading it as if I had never seen it before. When I finished I looked at her and said, "I see you have finally quit reading those romance novels and moved onto something that has a bit of spice to it, congratulations."

Needless to say that remark did piss her off which was what I was attempting to do in the first place. She looked at me and then sat down in the only chair that is in my cave. "I think we need to talk about this Dean don't you?" 

"I think that is a great idea and I am glad that you are reading something that is more of an adult nature...that's great." My comment did not exactly go over with a bang.

"I will have you know that the romance novels I read are just as spicy as what you write but they do not have to describe every little detail to the reader. It gives the readers a chance to imagine what someone looks like, which is more erotic to me than what is printed on those papers."

"Well I am glad you have shared your viewpoint with me but I do not understand why you are telling me this." I was actually trying to set her up so that she had to tell me that she was the one who had made the copy. 

"Are you telling me that you did not write that awful piece of pornography?" She asked looking straight into my eyes.

"Well for one I don't think this qualifies as pornography and why would you think that I wrote it?" I had her at this point and she was trying to think of a way to say that she found it. 

"I found it in the house on our printer so you must have accidentally printed to that printer."

"You found it on the printer in the house?" I inquired knowing that the trap was now set.

"Yes I did a couple of days ago. I was just trying to decide how I wanted to confront you with it."

"Come over here sweetheart I want to show you something." She got up from her chair and I opened the printer driver folder on my computer and showed her what was in it. 

"What am I looking at exactly?" She asked not knowing what she was actually looking at.

"This is the printer driver folder that shows what printers my computer is able to print to."

"Yeah so what there isn't anything in it so what is the big deal?"

"The big deal is that it is impossible for my computer to send anything to any printer in this house because there are no drivers loaded for a printer. In other words the only way a document could be taken from my computer is if someone were to use a jump drive or portable drive to remove them. I can upload them if I choose to but not to the printer in the house because this computer does not see the printer in the house."

My wife just looked at me for a minute or so and then said, "Fine... I was in here looking for something after you left and when I bumped the desk your computer came on and you had forgotten to log out. I just kind of snooped around I guess...and maybe I shouldn't have but I should not have found that crap on your computer."

"Really, how nice of you to know you are my judge, jury, and executioner." I said with a bit of anger in my voice.

My wife really did not know what to say at that point but I did remind her that what she reads in her romance novels is not much different than what I write other than it is more explicit and some people like more explicit. "But you talk about sex like it is...dirty or something."

"I don't remember ever writing anything that says sex is dirty because it is not; the only thing I do is describe what is happening between consenting adults and how they feel and act within the bounds of sex."

"You talk about things that most people would not talk about."

"Really...why don't you tell me what I wrote about that people don't talk about?"

"You talked about...how they...you know...why do I have to explain it?"

"Because that is exactly why some people do like to read what I and many other people write about. What happens in my stories and others is fantasy for the most part, although some of it is real."

"Yes but...I can't believe that people want to be spanked and...have someone stick their finger in someone's... I can't even say it."

"I am well aware of the fact that you can't say it and I believe that is problem. You want us all to fit nicely into one box and we don't. We are not all afraid of sex or to even talk about sex the way you are. Maybe you should have me do some of the things I write about to you and then you might just change your mind about the rest of us that don't fit so nicely inside that box you have created."

"What are you saying?"

"Well if I was going to write a story about what you did I can say that you would be given a spanking and I might find other ways to punish you for being a snoop and lying about it."

"Yeah right like that is ever going to happen."

"Exactly what my point is sweetheart."

"Are you saying that I am a prude or something?"

"That is not what I was saying. I think you are acting like a spoiled little girl who is upset that her husband found something to do to occupy his time while his wife is reading books that would make a grown up yawn and she should have her naughty little ass spanked for it."

"You shouldn't say things like that to me."

"Oh I believe I should have said them too you a long time ago."

"Fine if you think that I am that big of prude and I offended you because I snooped on your computer then do what you think I deserve."

"I don't think you want me to do that sweetheart. We have never been able to get past some of your inhibitions since we have been married and this is not going to help the problem."

"I think it will. I want you to do what you have done to that girl in the story. Punish me like you would punish her if she had done what I did."

"Sweetheart did you read the entire story?"

"Yes I did and I thought parts of it were disgusting but do what you think I deserve."

"You do realize that I did things to her that you do not like, correct?"

"Yes I know you played with her butt and I don't like that. We have only done that a couple times since we have been married because I think it is gross but this one time I am going to prove my point after you punish me."

"Have it your way then."

I took my laptop off my desk and the few other items that were on it as well and then turned to my wife and told her to strip. "Take everything you have on and place it on the chair." My wife started to take off her clothes as I walked out of the room and came back with a couple of scarves.

"What are those for?"

"You will find out very shortly."

Once my wife had taken off her clothes I told her to lay bent over the length of the desk. I told her I wanted her legs spread wide and her hands reaching to the far side of the desk. She bent over and reached the edge of the desk and grabbed it. I walked around to her and took each wrist and tied the scarf to her wrist and then down to the leg of the desk. I did the exact same thing with the other wrist and then walked back behind her. "Do you think that tying me up is really necessary?"

"Oh it is definitely necessary?" I said with a laugh.

"I don't find any of this remotely funny you know." She said with a bit of haughtiness in her voice.

"I did not find you lying to me and going through my computer funny either and remember you asked me to do this...as a matter of fact you told me to do it."

I reached down and took my wife's right ankle and secured it to the leg of the desk and then secured the left one in the same manner. After I had completed that I stood back just to look at her. Here was my 41 year old wife tied to a desk so that she could be punished at her own request. I started to rub my hands around on her ass and I pulled both cheeks apart slightly so that I could see her asshole. I had been lucky enough on a couple of occasions to breach it with my cock about an inch before she said it was too dirty to continue and she pulled away. Today she would not be pulling away, but first she was going to get the spanking that she asked for.

"Okay sweetheart now that you are in such a precarious position tell me how many times you think you deserve to be spanked for invading my privacy and lying to me?"

"I am not going to tell you how many times to hit me...you are being stupid." At the end of the word stupid it sounded like a gunshot went off as my hand landed squarely across her right cheek.

"Oh My GOD...that Fucking hurt you Bastard."

"Really, such language, from someone who does not like to see it in print."

"You don't have to hit me that hard."

"I hadn't planned on it until you refused to answer the question. I can continue to do it that way until you answer me you know."

"Okay...Okay...Give me 40 but not as hard as the last one." She said hoping that I would not deliver a shot that could be heard around the world.

I stood to her side and just rubbed her ass for a minute or so and then I said, "I want you to count each and every one of these and tell me thank you after it."

"Are you kidding me I am not going to..." SMACK

I do believe I got her attention when the slap to her ass was delivered because all I heard was "One thank you."

I then began to apply slaps all over her ass with her counting "Two thank you. Three thank you, four thank you, etc." until I got to twenty thank you. Once I got to twenty I gave her a break. I started to rub her ass in small circles gradually covering her entire ass. After a while I decided to reach down between her cheeks to explore her pussy and found that she was soaking wet. I was elated because I have my beautiful wife tied to a desk with her ass presented to me and she would say that spanking does not affect her and she is soaking wet. 

"You seem to be enjoying this sweetheart."

"I am not enjoying the fact that you are beating me."

"I am not beating you I am spanking you and your body has responded to it."

"What makes you say that?"

"Judging from the fact that your pussy is soaking wet I would say that you are enjoying it."

"Just finish spanking me so we can get this over with. It is not having that much of an effect on me."

"Well since you insist that it is not affecting you I believe that I should up the ante a bit and give you a bit sharper smacks on your cute ass then."

"No, no, no, no... okay it is having an effect on me I just did not want to tell you that it was."

"Well that is good to know. So when I write that I am spanking a woman's ass that should not offend you is that what you are saying."

"That's not what I said but for the sake of argument I will agree with you okay."

"Good then let's continue."

Smack, "Twenty one thank you," Smack, "Twenty two thank you," Smack. "Twenty three thank you," etc. until I had given her all 40 blows to her ass. Her ass had gone from white to a nice red color that was evenly spread throughout. "Thank God that is over." She said.

"Well the spanking is over for now anyway but there still seems to be a couple of things to be dealt with before I can say that you understand why I write the way I do and why people enjoy that writing."

"What else are you going to do to me?"

I reached down between her cheeks and cupped her pussy to see that she was wetter than before. I slid a couple of fingers through her slit and allowed them to play with her clit for the time being while my other hand drew moisture from her pussy and up to her asshole. When I touched her there I could hear a faint, "Oh please don't do that to me. You know how dirty I think that is. We have done it before and I hated it." 

"I know you think that anal play and anal sex is dirty sweetheart and that is exactly why we are going to go there. I believe that you want me to go there because you can say you could not do anything about it. Your mother raised you to be prim and proper but she forgot to tell you that it's okay to be a hussy in bed with your husband. Sex is not just for making babies."

I heard her gasp at my words because they were dead on and she knew it. Her mother had told her to do her womanly duties but she forgot to tell her that sex is a beautiful thing not a dirty thing and that if two people want to enjoy it no one has the right to judge them. Not even her mother.

I pulled my fingers from her pussy and away from her ass and walked up in front of her. I unfastened my pants and let them drop to the floor. I took off my shorts and grabbed my cock in my right hand and then took a step forward leaning over the desk I put my cock at the edge of her lips and said, "Open."

In all the time we have been married she has never taken my cock all the way into her mouth. She would only barely put the head of it into her mouth. It was time for her to become the wanton hussy I believe she wanted her to be, and the one that deep down she wanted to be for me, but was afraid to show it. Damn her mother anyway.

I slipped my cock into her mouth and she looked up at me and moaned as it went in. She took it willingly and her tongue lapped around the head as it entered. She sucked on it like she had never been allowed to touch a cock before. I believe that the idea of being tied and told to do it appealed to her in the sense that if momma told her not to she wouldn't do it but if she was tied and told to do she was released from the guilt that her mother had placed her under.

She continued to suck my cock vigorously until I slowly pulled it from her mouth. I was close to coming and I did not want that to happen with what I knew awaited me. She had allowed me to play with her ass a couple of times and just put the head of my cock in her ass twice and today was going to be the day that she allowed me to take her ass. I knew that I would remember this day for a long time and I was hoping that she would show me that she wanted it as well but could not show me that until now.

After I pulled my cock from her mouth I stroked her head and rubbed back down the center of her back leaning over to reach between the cheeks of her ass. I then stood up and walked behind her. I reached down again to cup her pussy and she was soaked. I again drew the moisture from her and placed it over her asshole. I had a tube of KY lying in a drawer next to her so I opened the drawer with my right hand a grabbed it. I flipped the top up on the cap and squirted some into my hand and then began to slowly rub it into her awaiting asshole. "I can't do this...I can't do this..." she repeated. 

"You can do this and you will do this sweetheart. I believe that you want this as much as I do."

"But mom said that I would..." as she turned her head to face away from me."

"Right now we don't care what mom said. She told you many things and you believed her. Now you have found that what she told you was in her best interest and not what was best for you or us. It is time to do what is best for us. If you do not enjoy this I will never do it to you again and that is a promise."

As I finished what I said I slipped a finger into her ass and watched as she tried to raise her ass up to receive it. My finger slid into her without any trouble at all. It was as if she had prepared herself for this and I knew that was not the case. I worked my finger in and out of her ass until she started to moan and then I asked, "Do you want me to add another finger?"

All I heard through her mumbling was, "Please."

I added another finger to her ass and continued to stroke them in and out. I reached with my free hand and started circling her clit. She started to move her hips against my fingers in her ass and then ones on her clit. It was not long after this that she started to come and she came hard. Her body shook as she groaned in delight. I kept pumping my fingers into her as she looked at me with her face turning red.

"There is nothing in this world to be embarrassed about sweetheart, nothing at all. If what we did gave you that much pleasure I am thrilled to be the one to give it to you."

She lay there for a time as I continued to stroke into her ass and rub her back when she whispered something that I could not hear. I got closer to her and she whispered it again.

"My mom would never say this and she would be terrified to know if I did but will you please fuck my ass."

"Did I hear you right?"

"Yes you did, I did not say make love to it I said, fuck it please. I want to know what it feels like even if my mother said I would hate it, I need to know."

I stood back for a bit and then stroked my cock while I applied KY to it before starting to slip it into her ass. Once the head was in I waited for her to get accustomed to it and then began to press it farther into her. She moaned, "Oh yes," as it slipped in and then I heard, "Oh my God yes," as I began to stroke in and out of her. "That feels so fucking good,"

Was that my wife that said that she never swears? I think this woman has wanted to admit that she was a sexual dynamo for all these years and she was afraid to do so because of her mother. It only took her finding a story I wrote to bring her out of her shell. Why didn't I start writing years ago? "Grab my hips and fuck me don't just stand there."

Really, I thought to myself if that is what she wants well by all means I am going to give her exactly what she asked for. I grabbed her hips and started to fuck her ass with strong even strokes. Each stroke was meant with an, "Oh God," or "Oh yes."

It wasn't long and I knew that I could not hold back any longer. I was going to come and I knew when I did it would be the first time that my wife had felt me come in her ass. It took about 20 seconds and I came and came and came. I don't know if it was the fact that we were sharing something new with each other, the fact that she was so into having her ass fucked, or the fact that she knew her mother would not approve but her ass literally pulled the come from my cock. People can think whatever they want but what we had just shared was absolutely orgasmic and we both knew it. From the other end of the table I heard, "Can we do that again?"
