 I currently am writing from memories experienced many years ago. This one is about 30 years old...

I got married in July of 1976, a bicentennial wedding. We had been going out for a few years, and living together for a little over a year. I thought she was the one I would be with forever. Sex was good enough, but not like I read about in some of those magazines that share those kind of things. I just figured those stories were fantasy, like the movies that showed people having sex. I thought married people did it like we did.

I worked at a hospital as an outside transporter, meaning I drove a van taking patients to other facilities and bringing patients to ours. I had a lot of time to be outside, and a lot of time to enjoy my favorite vice: smoking "herb," which I did quite often. Smoking does 'things' to you, one of which is make you horny as hell. This made for some good "Honey, I'm home!" times which often reached Olympic levels. My wife did not complain.

Now, I'm what you might call a bit above average behind my zipper. Not terribly long, but, as one girlfriend put it, "As wide as a bus!" and that has caused some problems. Eight inches and the width of my fist is scary for some ladies. My wife got used to it and seems to like it, but she does not like it anywhere but where "it belongs" or in her pussy. The few times I had gotten oral sex, I really liked it, especially when the girl let me cum in her mouth. I just really like to cum, often taking matters into my own hands, if you know what I mean. I would imagine I was in a porn film with one of those ladies who really got into fucking. Dreams.

She came around the corner and I stopped and stared. She was short, 5' tall I would find out, and man, did she have a rack! 36DD at that time. She worked in housekeeping and was always on the run, and I loved to watch her on the move. She cleaned one of the offices I hung out in, and I spoke with her while she cleaned. She was separated from her husband, had a little boy, and liked to smoke herb, when she could get it. Her interests centered around her son, but she did party a bit on the weekends. She intrigued me, to say the least.

My wife did not like marijuana, so I often had no one to smoke with, making the experience a little flat. I offered this buxom lady a ride home one afternoon. We picked up her son from daycare and I dropped them off at her apartment, she smiled when I said maybe we could "burn one" some time. I let them out and went home. Looking back, I am surprised that I didn't jerk off in my van going home, but I was thinking only of having someone to smoke with. And smoke we did. For a couple of months I would take her home a few days a week and go up to her apartment, she would put her son down for a nap, and we would smoke a joint or two, then I would go home to my wife.

I don't recall how the subject came up, but it became clear that she wanted a bit more than just a buzz from me. I was not averse to the suggestion, but had to wrap my brain around the thought that I would be cheating on my wife. After all, I was a married man and had promised to "forsake all others" and all that. Plans were made for the event. I had to work a half a day on New Years, and she had the day off. After I got done, I would drop by her apartment and get some "Afternoon Delight" like in the song that was getting airplay then. The hard-on in my pants made it hard to keep my mind on my work. I took occasion twice to ease the pressure, but it was not very effective. I was at last going to get to see those huge jugs in the open! 

The time finally arrived. I parked in the lot, went to the door and she buzzed me in. Bounding up the 3 flights of stairs, I was at her apartment door in a flash. I took a deep breath, calmed myself, and knocked on her door, not knowing what to expect. She opened the door, and I saw she had on a pair of terrycloth shorts and a t-shirt like she often wore around her house when relaxing. I came in and took my coat off, sitting on the couch and relaxing myself. Taking out an already rolled doobie, I asked if I should light it. She smiled and said,"Sure" sitting down next to me, a bit closer than she had before. As we felt the buzz coming on, she snuggled even closer, then began to rub my pants. Talk was sparse, but sweet and she purred as she was talking to me. Her light rubbing began to escalate to stroking, with her hand half wrapped around my still restrained member while she worked up and down my zipper. She stopped suddenly and stood up, facing me.

She took her hands and reached the hem of her shirt, pulling it up to reveal the biggest pair of tits I had ever seen, in reality or pictures. They were huge, and did not hang down at all, they stood up just as if they weren't the size of melons. My gaze was fixed on them as I tried to take the vision into my mind. As they came closer, I found my mouth opening and taking a nipple into it as I reached my arms around her back.

I heard her moan softly as she straddled me, a leg on each side of mine, and I felt pressure from outside on what already was pressure from within. She ground herself into me while I enjoyed her stiffening tips and swelling aureoles. After what seemed like an eternity, she rolled back to sitting next to me and resumed stroking my zipper, this time pulling it down as she did so, then reaching inside to rub on my underwear.

I felt the pressure building, but did not want to make a mess in my shorts. Again she stood up in front of me, this time a little further away. She hooked a thumb inside each side of her waistband and pulled her shorts off. I was now looking at a beautiful snatch, sparsely covered with blond hair, and already dripping juice that I could see from the shininess down each thigh. I wanted to grab her and throw her down, but waited to see what she would do next. I didn't wait long until she fell to her knees and took the waist of my pants in her hands. I obliged by raising my hips, letting her slide my trousers and underwear together past my knees. The next thing I felt were her lips wrapping themselves around the end of my cock, and it was hard as a rock!

It had been quite a while since it had been that hard, and it was pleasantly painful. Her mouth was taking more of me into her with each stroke, until she had more than any girl had ever taken, and her head was bobbing up and down, forcing more in with each pass. It was very difficult to control myself, especially when she stopped for a minute with me deep in her throat while she shook and shuddered in orgasmic pleasure, the first of many she would have that afternoon.

What made the afternoon so special was that, until then, no woman had looked at me with the same lust as I had looked at them.

I have to admit that most of my conquests had taken place in the dark or under covers, so that most women had not looked at my cock before feeling me enter them. This lady leered at my crotch the way I looked at the magazines you couldn't buy from a rack. She seemed to view me as something to be possessed. I suppose I knew what girls felt like like when I ogled them, but I kinda liked it, my meat as a piece of meat! She continued to devour my cock with relish. After she had taken it so deep my jaws were starting to hurt for her, she slowly pulled her mouth off of me, sucking up every drop of pre-cum that could have been seeping out into her mouth.

She raised up, and her breasts were once again in my face, but before I could clamp my mouth around a nipple, she had a knee on either side of my hips, and was rubbing herself up and down my aching cock. I could feel her juices not dripping, but running down onto me as she again shuddered and pressed herself hard onto me. Then, she raised up a little more and positioned herself over the head of my cock.

For some time now, there had been no words spoken, just oooh's and aahh's with the occasional grunt for emphasis. She grinned down at me and said, "I've been wanting this!" and started to lower herself onto me. I felt her heat on my head as it forced her open. I thought her mouth had been sucking me tightly, but where she was putting me now was near to heaven. It was all I could do to keep from acting like a first timer and spurting my load before getting all the way inside. The ridges around the head seemed to pop as they went past the lips of her quivering pussy.

I had never felt a sensation quite like what I was feeling now; she was vibrating around me and the deeper she put me, the more of me felt the vibrations, pulsing and squeezing me. She had about half of me when she let out a moan, with an, "Oh my gawd!" on the end of it. Her legs began to shake and she pitched back and forth on my cock like she wanted to break it off. In a second or two that felt like minutes, she fell down taking the last half of me all at once. She screamed and went into what could best be described as convulsions with me buried as deep as she could get me. I was caught between wanting to unload into her and not wanting the incredible feeling she was giving me to end. I held off somehow.

As her shuddering eased, she began to ride me, sliding herself up and down my shaft in slow motion, letting us both savor the feelings. I was aware of the vibrating sensation again and thought it to be an incredible ability, and it drove me crazy. When she dropped herself down onto me, I could feel her juices on my balls as her ass squeezed them, and I focused on that and anything else I could to avoid the feeling that surrounded the head of my cock, and the building pressure in my balls. She began to quicken her strokes and I found myself bucking my hips to meet her on the down stroke.

Finally, I could hold back no more. The head of my cock began to swell as she rode me even faster...and then she started shaking again. I exploded while I was deep inside the most incredible pussy I had ever been in. My balls tightened and I continued to pump for what seemed an eternity. My reality had surpassed any fantasy or movie or dream I had ever had. She collapsed onto me and I held her until I felt myself start to go limp.

I felt her squeeze me then and my cock twitched. She squeezed and I twitched and began to get hard again. God, I can't believe this, I thought. But after a few minutes I was nearly as hard as before, and she was vibrating the same as before. She leaned back and over, so she was on her back. I took the hint.

I positioned myself between her legs and slid into her as gently as I could, though I wanted to slam as deep and hard as I could. I began a rhythmic in and out motion as she tilted her hips so I could rub her where she wanted it. Then she began to rock her hips, rubbing ME in ways that made my balls tighten up. "No!" I did not want to shoot so quick. The feeling was beyond description, as I thought, "This woman knows how to make a man feel good!" 

I began to use all the techniques in my arsenal and varied the angle of my strokes as well as the depth. The response was immediate, she began to buck and meet my strokes, trying to get me to give her more when I gave her just a little. She wanted my cock! The way she was attacking me she must have wanted another load, too. I was able to hold off until we were both soaked with sweat and she was writhing beneath me like no woman had ever done.

I finally could wait no more, and repeated what had happened some minutes before. I went as deep as I could and felt her squeezing me as she milked every drop out of me. I could honestly say I was drained... or felt like it. I pulled out and lay back. She got up and excused herself to the bathroom and after a few minutes returned with two glasses of wine, but still naked. She sat down next to me and used a warm washcloth to clean me up. We sipped the wine and the conversation was of the experience we had just had. I believe she enjoyed herself as much as I did, if that were possible. She must have, because we kept seeing each other for a few years until both of our divorces went through and then we got married, and have been happily pleasuring each other for nearly 30 years!

It still feels like the first time!