 In the previous chapter, my lovely, sexy wife had, after a few drinks, confessed to the affair with Steven, our neighbor. I would have flipped out at her confessions had it not been for the fact that I had been aware of the tryst for a while and over time, started accepting it. The relationship with my wife, Maureen had continued to be good and I felt that we were still close despite her affair, but things had somewhat changed over time in the bedroom. Regular sex had become less frequent, but she had become a little more adventurous in some ways. She seemed to enjoy using the strap-on more frequently and had begun using feminine terms toward me while she was wearing the strap-on. She would say things like, "Be a good girl and let me watch you suck it," or, "You like it when I fill your pussy, don't you sweetie?" There were even times when she would want me to be the one wearing lingerie. Even though I knew that this new behavior was influenced by Steven, I was secretly (or maybe not so secretly) turned on by these games. 

There were times when I would feel humiliated when I thought about Maureen talking to Steven. I had no doubt that she would be open to him about our relationship. The fact that some of the kinkier things seem to have started during their affair made me wonder how much of the new sexuality Maureen was exhibiting was inspired by him. 

So here I was, sitting in front of my wife, having just watched a video that she had made with him. She was wearing only a sheer black robe and the collar that marked her as belonging to another man. The images of her cumming while he fucked her replayed in my head. I understood why the affair was on-going because I had never been able to make her cum from penetration alone. Although I was a little jealous about it, I was also happy that she was able to experience sex in such a way. 

"Honey," she said getting back on her knees and putting her head in my lap, "are you really okay with this? I mean, really okay?" Earlier in the evening, she was a little more confident but now she seemed to be realizing that a lot had been exposed in the last hour. 

I stroked her hair. "I was upset when I first suspected months ago but yes, I am okay with this now," I told her. 

She looked up at me seeming excitedly animated. "Oh good. I was so worried that once you found out that I would have to stop seeing him." 

"That was an option?" I asked. 

"Well...yes. I saw tonight ending in one of three ways. You would kick me out or leave, you would demand that I end it, or you would be understanding and...," she paused, unable to find the right words. "But oh my god, I can't wait to tell him," she said practically giddy. She stood up and immediately her knees buckled. I caught her before she fell, and she giggled. "Think I might have had too much to drink," she said. She had put away more than half the bottle of wine and since she was not a drinker, she was well past her limit. 

"Let's get you to bed," I suggested. "Tomorrow is another day and I think you might need to sleep this off." I walked her to the bedroom. If she had not just given me a blowjob, I would have seriously considered taking advantage of her but, being sated for the time being, I felt it best to turn in for the night. I helped her take off the robe and get into bed. While she adjusted the pillows, I went to the kitchen to get a couple glasses of water and some aspirin. I figured she would need some water now and might need something when she woke up to ward off any hangover. When I got back to the bedroom, I saw that she was passed out. Again, I had a passing thought of taking advantage but quickly decided against it. She did look hot, being completely nude except the collar that she had not removed. There was part of me that was angry that my wife, was in out marriage bed, wearing the very collar showing her willing submission to another man. That feeling of anger and jealousy was fleeting as the erotic part of me started envisioning her with him and finding that it aroused me. 

I pulled the sheets up to cover her and tuck her in when her phone vibrated with a text message. She did not stir. I picked it up and looked at the message. It was from Steve. It said, "That is wonderful. I look forward to it. Do you want to come over now?" I scrolled down to see that he was responding to a message she had sent a few minutes before saying, "Great news Sir. I told him. He knows and is good. I can't wait!" 

I looked at the message and was wondering. "Can't wait?" for what exactly? "Looking forward to it" to what? "Sir?" I looked at her again and she was still passed out, breathing deeply and rhythmically. I considered for a moment and decided that I would respond. As I made this decision, I felt a twinge of shame that I was typing a message to my wife's lover and not feeling confrontational. I typed, "This is Dan. Maureen fell asleep." I hit send.

A moment later, he wrote back, "Hey Dan. Asleep huh? Let's talk. Would you like to come over?"

I thought about it for a minute. Am I really considering going to see my wife's lover? I am, and I am surprisingly okay with it... even excited about it. Maybe it would be good to talk with him alone, just two guys. "Be there in a few minutes," I hit send. 

As I get dressed, I find myself both nervous and excited. The night has been replaying through my head and I wonder just how much Maureen has told him about me. It was one thing talking to Steven as just another neighbor but something very different when very private aspects of my sexuality and known by him. I get my shoes on and look at Maureen. She will be out cold all night.

A minute later, I am at Steven's door. I knock and after a moment, he opens it. He smiles broadly and invites me in. He walks to the kitchen, inviting me to follow. He is wearing a tee-shirt and boxers. Normally I would have expected him to excuse himself to put on some clothes but there was nothing normal about this evening and well, he seemed comfortable around me. 

"Would you like something to drink?" he offers opening the refrigerator. 

I take a seat on one of the bar chairs at the kitchen island. "Water would be good," I say. He pulls out a bottle of water, hands it to me, and takes one for himself. Leaning on the counter, he opens his and takes a drink. I can't help but look at him in a new way. I find myself checking him out as my wife's sexual partner. For the first time, I am looking at his features compared to me. He is about 4 inches taller than I am and has about 20 pounds of muscle more than I had. I saw what my wife, or any woman, would be attracted to. He has a good body and is comfortable in his own skin. I briefly glance down at his package and feel a twinge of excitement. Not just because I know that my wife is very familiar him but because of the expectation that Maureen has of watching me and him together. She had, after all, agreed to making a sex video in exchange for him agreeing be with me. I was still not 100 percent clear on what that meant. Earlier in the evening Maureen had mentioned her interest in my having sex with Steven and him "showing me what a real man is like". Did that mean a threesome? Did she want me to watch? Did she want to watch him suck me or me suck him? 

"So... now that it's out in the open now, Dan," he says, "how do you feel about it?" 

"Honestly, I had some mixed emotions at first," I tell him, "but I think that I am not nearly as jealous as I think I should be given the circumstances. She seems to be happier and I don't see her as being unhappy with me. So as non-traditional as it might seem, I think I am good with choices." 

"Good," he says, "Maureen was worried and, to be honest, so was I. We both thought it was time and that it would work out but when it comes to emotions, we could not be completely sure. Her choices affect you and you have choices too." 

"I'm actually glad it's out in the open now. I was afraid that she might leave me for you for a while," I confess to him. 

"You do not have anything to worry about in that regard. I have had enough of monogamous relationships. Just too many restrictions and demands."

"So, you are seeing others?" I asked suddenly worried about Maureen catching something from being with someone that sleeps around. 

"Oh no," he said, "not like that. Its more that I don't need the responsibility of trying to maintain a relationship. It's funny but the more I showed less interest in a full time emotionally committed relationship, the easier it was to get laid. You know... women are attracted to the 'bad boy' type." Steven seemed to suggestively adjust himself and I blushed as watched intently following his hand to his crotch. "It's nice to be able to play the field but at this time, I prefer the simplicity of just one person at a time."

I felt better knowing that he was not a player. "Only one?" I asked, thinking about how Maureen wants to see me and him to have sex. 

"Well, one relationship at a time," he says. "You saw the video?" 

I nodded. 

"So, you know what she wants. I like the dominant role and Maureen is very much into the submissive role. Nothing against you but she was not getting that at home but that's not your fault. She loves you and know you love her. But...part of that shared love and respect for each other makes dominant and submissive roles difficult to maintain." Steven took the water and headed to the living room, motioning for me to follow. 

I followed him into the living room feeling a little more comfortable. "I think I know what she wants but there are aspects that I am not clear on," I told him as we reached the living room. 

"Like what exactly?" he asked, "Communication is important so there are no misunderstandings." He offered me a seat with a gesture, "Sit." I took a seat expecting him to take the chair across form me. Instead, he settled into the seat next to me on the couch. 

I considered what I wanted to say next. I still felt somewhat awkward talking so plainly about sex with him. I started haltingly, "I... well... she mentioned having sex with you. Um... that is to say... my having sex with you." God I was so embarrassed. "Does she want me watch you and her or me do you or you do me or...?" I trailed off.

Steven laughed little and placed a hand on my leg. "I think I know what you are asking. You want to know about the top, bottom, and switch roles. Right?" 

I nodded, "Well, yes, I suppose." I felt his hand on my leg and though I felt weird about it, I didn't do anything about his forwardness. 

"Well, first of all," he said while squeezing my leg gently, "I am not into labeling things typically. I don't like black and white designations because sexuality is analog and not digital. Straight, gay, bi... they are misleading because very few people only site one category." He then moved his hand from my leg, took my wrist, and placed my hand on his crotch. "However," he said as he looked me right in the eye, "with that said, I am far more into the top role." Still holding my wrist, he moved my hand a little, encouraging me to explore on my own. "And second," he said letting go of my wrist, "its not just what she wants. Its also what I want. And maybe, what you want as well." He looked at my hand as I am started to feel him up through the shorts. 

He was getting hard under the fabric as I felt the stiffness and heat increasing. I understood what he was saying. I thought about pulling my hand back but the feeling another man's cock had been a long-time fantasy of mine and this seemed to be the right time. Instead, I moved my fingers to trace the outline of his cock. I am a little embarrassed as I started to respond myself. 

Steven smiled at me as I continued to trace his growing member. I could see the glands of the head through the material. "In getting to know you a little better though what Maureen has told me, I suspect that you are naturally more on the submissive side like she is," he says. He started playing with the waist band of his boxers, sliding them down a little in an obvious suggestive manner. 

I was suddenly feeling exposed. He seemed to know so much about me and this excited me. I had felt a lustful thrill when Maureen confessed that she wanted to see Steven and I have sex. I had wanted that too but would not have thought to try to initiate it on my own. Steven seemed sure about this part of me. I supposed that the ability to read people in that way was part of what made him attractive. He again took my hand by the wrist and moved my hand under the waistband of his shorts. I held back the initial urge to resist in check and slipped my hand down and felt the skin to skin contact for the first time, as I wrapped my fingers around his now-engorged cock. 

"It's okay. Have you ever held another man's cock before?" he asked. 

I shook my head, not believing that he was so forward but I wanted more myself. 

"Go ahead, its okay. You are safe here. We will not do anything that you do not want to do." He took the sides of the waistband and pulled them down to his knees. I gazed at his cock in my hand. He seemed so big but my only comparison up that that point, was myself. I was a little under 6 inches when hard, but I estimated him to have been at least 7 ½ inches and correspondingly thicker than myself. I found myself slowly stroking the length of his cock entranced by feeling of his masculinity. Steven allowed me to slowly stroke him for a few minutes and then said, "Before we go much further, I want to tell you something."

I look up at him still stoking his cock, "What's that?" I asked. 

"I am going to have you suck my cock," he said in a matter-of-fact way, "and then, I am then going to fuck you." He paused to let that sink in and then said, "I am not asking. This is what I want. But you need to ask me do this."

"You want me to ask you to let you fuck me?" I said a little shocked. 

"Look, I was serious when I said that you do not have to do anything that you don't want to," he said, "but I am pretty sure that you need a man like me to fulfill your fantasies. Maybe you will find some fantasies are not what you thought. But some, you will likely want the limits pushed a little." 

God, this man was so confident and was made so much sense that I couldn't help but feel like I was already under his control. I felt nervous and awkward as I contemplated how I would sound asking him. All my masculinity that I had thought I still had was in turmoil as the thought formed in my head about asking another man to use me like he had suggested. 

"I don't know if I can really go through with this," I said nervously. For a long time, I had fantasized about seeing what it would be like to be with another guy but... 'but what?' I thought to myself. 

"I think I understand, Dan," he said. 

I felt a little defensive. He seemed so confident but how could he understand what I was going through? "Do you understand?" I asked letting go of his cock. "You are fucking my wife... more than that, she has given herself to you in ways that I can only imagine and now you are telling me that I should ask you to fuck me? Do you really understand?" I was getting a little flustered as so many concerns started coming to mind. "Even if Maureen does not leave me, how will she ever see me as her man again? Especially if I go through with this? How could she ever respect me as her husband if I... if we..." I trailed off. 

Steven thought for a moment and then said, "I do understand. I was married once and believe me, I know where you are coming from. You have every right to have these thoughts and concerns. A few years ago, I was in your shoes." This was news to me. I thought he had been to consummate bachelor. He continued, "I am not going to lie to you," he said, "my wife and her boyfriend were not as ethical as I had thought and well, she ultimately left me for him. That was why I have set certain limits with myself and with Maureen from the very beginning." 

"But what about how Maureen's feelings about me? How can I be the man of the house when she is... when I am..." I couldn't find the words.

"When she is sleeping with another guy? When you are too?" he suggested. 

"Yes," I said. 

"That is also something that I understand from experience," he said. "I know the conflict that you are feeling. You need to feel comfortable in who you are but it helps a lot to see it from other points of view. You feel like you could not be the man of the house if things continue." 

I nod in agreement and he continues, "In some ways, that concept is restricting your viewpoint. You are the man of the house when it comes to your marriage. But we both know that has changed. Look, you are Maureen's husband. She loves you for who you are and loves being with you. I know she does." I watched as he pulled his own cock. "I want you to feel totally comfortable and, like I said before, we will not do anything you are not comfortable with. But where things are headed now, even though you are the male part of the couple, I am the man of the relationship."

"Male part?" I asked.

"Yes, Dan," he said as he took my hand and placed it back on his member. "Don't be coy. You are her husband, but she has given herself to me. I am her man. To be blunt, I am going to be your man too. It's not a gay or straight thing. Think of it as a natural order of the pack; I am the alpha and you are beta. Knowing and accepting the natural hierarchy can be sexually liberating." His confidence in the way he explained things made it seem only natural. I started stroking his cock again, feeling a lot more at ease in wherever this may be headed. 

He reached around the back of my neck and pulled my head towards his cock. I had not asked him and it seemed that he wasn't going to wait for me to ask. He was firm as he pulled me closer. "Kiss it, honey," he said, "be the beta you were born to be." I allowed him to pull me to where his cock was just at my lips. I did want this. I resisted at first thinking about how gay this was but then I thought of the hierarchy he had spoken of and realized that I wanted him to be my alpha. My lips touched the tip and felt how natural it seemed. I was instantly aware of my own hardness in my pants as I continued to kiss the head. I then parted my lips slightly and flicked the head with my tongue. 

"Tell me what you want, Dan," he said pulling his cock away for a second. He told me to kneel on the floor in front of him and told me to ask and to call him "sir". He had me and he knew it... I knew it.

I made up my mind that I was going to stop being so hesitant and as I became aware of my role, the desire to thoroughly please this man became my sole reason for being at this instant. I had a sudden visualization of my wife being in this exact position at some point and that thought turned me on knowing that I was doing the same thing. I looked up at him and asked, "Please, sir, please let me suck your cock." With those words, I felt all inhibitions lift. I felt embarrassed in how completely emasculated I felt but at the same time, I felt safe in his presence. 

"And...," he said expectantly. 

For a moment I was confused but then I remembered. "I would also like you to fuck me, sir." I was not so sure about that. His cock was big. I was afraid that it would be too big. I was not sure if I could really go through with that part but I suspected that I would submit to giving it my best. 

He pointed his cock at my mouth and said, "You may suck it if you are willing to be my sissy girl." I was not quite prepared for this use of feminine pronoun. I realized that my "man-card" was just set on fire and accepted my fate as I opened my mouth and wrapped my lips around the head. There was something essentially masculine in the taste of him and seemed to contrast with how I was starting to feel about myself. I took more of him into my mouth trying to be careful of the teeth and to use my tongue. I had never really thought about being good at giving head but I found myself wanting to be good... for him. 
