 "Can you believe that guy just asked us that," my friend Michelle asked me. "To think he'd think we'd be willing to get paid to have guys fuck us."

"I agree," I said. "It'd be we were paid whores. I might be a slut, but I'm not a whore."

I hoped my reply sounded convincing. While I verbally agreed with Michelle about being disgusted by the fact Gary had just asked us if we had considered being professional escorts, inside me was another story. I felt my pussy twitching and getting wet at the thought. However, Michelle did not seem to feel the same thing, at least she was not letting on to it if she was.

As Michelle continued to rail away at Gary's proposition, I committed the number he left us to memory just in case I decided to follow through with the idea.

"But even though it sounds dirty," I said hoping to get a better feeling of Michelle's true reaction. "It's not like it would be something different from what I'm giving away for free plenty right now."

"Come on Lauren, you're fucking married. How can you even consider the idea?"

"Stop with the bullshit Michelle. You're married and I'm married. Yet, we've both fucked each other's gardeners, electricians, plumbers, handymen. I do believe you fucked the satellite guy one time and you got free service in exchange. What's the fucking difference?"

"It's just....It's just...That's different...I don't know."

"Admit it. You're just as much a fucking slut as I am and the thought of what Gary asked us turns you on more than you want to admit."

"Okay, Okay," Michelle admitted. "But I don't think I could do it. I have too much to lose if I get caught."

I had to agree with her on that. For the rest of the evening we continued drinking and talking. However, never far from my mind, nor the wetness in my panties, was the thought of becoming one of Gary's girls.

After I got home that night, my husband was out-of-town on business as usual, I brought myself to a couple of unsatisfying orgasms with my vibrator as I continued to obsess about what it would be like to paid for sex.

It is not as if I was not getting any sex. It just was not from my husband. George and I have been married for three years. In all honesty, the marriage has been passionless for some time. I married him because of the money he made and he married me because I was a former model with a flawless body.

He fucked plenty of other women. Neither one of us questioned the other as long as he brought home the money and I looked good on his shoulder at dinner parties. I was a trophy wife. I knew it, he knew it, and everyone else knew it.

While he fucked other women, I also did my share of fooling around. Every one of my personal training sessions, which were up to five times per week, ended with one final cardio session, except it involved nudity, a bed or a couch and John's cock in my pussy.

In addition, I found excuses to get many other men to fuck me. It really was not hard. I was a former model. I have long, thin and well-defined legs, a perfectly molded ass, super-flat stomach, high cheekbones, perfect skin, blonde hair and the best pair of 36C tits money can pair. I am not bragging, but I do have the ability to turn a guy hard with just a tiny smile in their direction. For most of the men who I have fucked, I am the hottest piece of ass they have ever had. Lucky for them, I am a borderline nympho.

Now, I had become obsessed with Gary's proposition. I told Michelle I was going to call him and set up an interview. At first, she tried to talk me out of it, but by the end of the conversation she made me promise I would tell her everything as she told me it was all she could think about since two nights ago.

I called the number. A lady answered the phone and set up the interview for the next day at 11:00 in the morning. Since George was still out-of-town and would be for the rest of the week, I knew I was safe.

The night was the most restless night of sleep in my life. I was part nervous and part excited and one hundred percent horny. The next morning's workout was only good in the fact that John helped take a little bit of the edge off, but I still had an almost insatiable desire in my loins.

Finally, it was time to get ready. I showered and went the extra-mile in putting on the makeup and doing my hair. I dresses in a halter that dipped low enough that a lot of cleavage showed and was loose enough that if I moved right, an onlooker could see my tits with very little effort. I covered a micro g-string with a very short and flared black mini skirt that moved very freely around my hips as I moved and would give everyone a good look at my ass if I turned quickly. I finished the outfit with matching lace-up stilettos.

Although I was nervous about the meeting, I could feel myself getting hornier and hornier as I drove to the address Gary had given me.

When I walked in, I noticed it was a very professional looking office. The lady behind the desk in the foyer looked to be in her mid-30s and was very attractive.

"How may I help you," she asked me in a very sweet voice.

"I'm Lauren, I have an appointment for an interview with Gary."

"Oh yes, he said a new girl was coming in today," she said as I saw her eyes look me over from head to toe. "However, he didn't tell me how fucking gorgeous you'd be. If this works out for you, you'll make a lot of money here."

"Oh, I'm not in this for the money. My husband makes plenty of that. I'm just here for the fucking."

I could not believe those words had just come out of my mouth. I was already talking like a slut and I had not even spread my legs for money yet.

"All the better," the lady behind the desk said. "My name is Nicole. Take a seat and I'll tell Gary you're here."

She got up from behind the desk and walked toward one of the office doors. She might have been 10 years older than me, but she was very hot. She wore a tight tank, which I had seen as she sat behind the desk, with a very short skirt that accentuated her long slender legs that we lifted by a pair of stiletto platforms. If I was bi, I would have been all over her, which still seemed like a possibility considering the level of horniness I was reaching.

It was only about 30-second later that Gary emerged from his office and directed me to come in. He helped me up and guided me to his office from where Nicole had just exited. As Gary guided me to his office, his dropped to my ass and then under my skirt. I felt my knees buckle a little as I felt his hand and the bare flesh of my ass. This caused me to move closer to him, which he encouraged with a little pressure of his hand. I think everyone involved knew I was willing to let him do whatever he pleased with me.

He sat me down in his office as he took his seat behind the desk. I glanced around the office. It was decorated nicely with portraits of some very attractive women. I noticed a nice leather couch with a nice glass coffee table. Next to the couch, I saw a TV that had a porn movie playing with sound muted. I wondered if that was always on, or if he turned it on in order to make sure I was turned on.

The interview was more formal than I had actually expected. He asked me what I was wanting. I told him my own ground rules about working for him. I was not willing to escort someone to a business function (too much of a risk due to my husband's connections around town), nor was I willing to do local men. I wanted out-of-town businessmen in hotel that wanted to get fucked.

He told me that would not be a problem and then began to lay out his rules for the business. He charged his clients $300 for an hour and $900 for four hours. If someone wanted a girl for all night, it was $1500. He got 40% of the cut for setting up the appointment, but I got to keep all tips. He also explained that if I set something up on my own, if it was due to a referral from one of his clients, the same deal applied. However, I was free to do any free-lance work that I wanted.

I agreed the arrangement was fair and he told me that the first part of the interview was over and that I had passed.

"Now the second part," he said, getting up from behind his desk. "I need to see what you've got to offer my clients.

"So, if you'd go stand over by the coffee table, we can continue," he said, now leaning his ass against the front of his desk.

I obeyed and stood before him. I have to admit I was nervous and hoped he could not see my knees shaking.

"Let's start with the top," he said. "Take it off and let me those beautiful tits you've been teasing me with during the interview."

I undid the tie behind my neck and pulled the top over my head, exposing my bare upper-body to him.

"Very nice, very nice," Gary said. "Not real, but very professionally done tits. Not too big, but perfect size And I have to admit, your abs are awesome. You're obviously someone who works out."

I had not been so analyzed since my modeling days. However, this was different. That had been so professional, this was much more sensual and arousing.

"Okay, now the skirt."

I reached behind and unzipped it and just allowed it to fall to the floor. Once there, I kicked it away and stood before my new employer in just a g-string and heels.

"Just as I expected. The lower body looks just as perfect as the upper-body. You might have the best body of all the girls who work for me."

"Thank you," I practically purred to him for the compliment.

"Turn around and let me see your ass."

I obeyed. After getting a look at my ass, he ordered me to bend over, which I dutifully obeyed. As I bent over, he asked me to remove my panties from the position.

"That is a view that everyone man loves to see," I said as I slipped the g-string down my legs, exposing the rest of myself to him.

"Okay, turn back around," ordered after I had tossed my g-string to the side.

As I turned around, I noticed he had taken off his pants and shirt and now stood before me with his half-hard completely shaven cock pointing directly toward me.

"I like to see that your pussy is bald," he said as if his state of dress had not changed at all. "I always recommend to the girls that they are completely shaven, or shaven to the point that the only hair is a very small patch. However, you've beat me to the punch. Very nice."

I heard him compliment me on my lack of hair, but my eyes were focused on his cock and I how much wanted it at that point.

"Part two of the interview has gone well, you've passed," Gary said, very business-like. "Now for part three. What skills do you have for the job? However, part three is performance based so you need to come over here, get on your knees and show me how well you'll suck the cocks of my clients."

Without hesitation, I walked over to him, dropped to my knees, grabbed his cock with my left hand and slowly stroked it while I went to work licking his balls and sucking on them. After I gave his balls the proper attention, I slowly worked my tongue along the length of his growing shaft before I began to run my tongue over the purple helmet.

By the time I was ready to take him into my mouth, he was completely hard. While it was skinny in width, he did seem to be around 7 inches long.

As I opened my mouth and took him in my mouth, I felt his hands on the back of my head, pushing him further into my throat. He let me pull back some as I began to bob my head while he pushed into my mouth with his hips. Before long, he was completely controlling my movement as he fucked my mouth and forced his entire length down my throat. I found taking him to be no problem since I had been blessed without a gag reflex.

"Yeah, that feels so fucking good," he said as he fucked away. "Look at me as I fuck your face."

I obeyed his command and our eyes met. I felt a flood of moisture enter my pussy as I looked into his eyes and saw the pleasure they communicated to me as I let him fuck my mouth. Without even thinking about it, I felt my hand playing with my pussy as my mouth was filled.

"You want me to fuck that pussy of your," he asked.

I nodded with my eyes and he withdrew from my mouth.

"Go over to the couch and bend over it," he ordered. 

I saw him grab a condom before I turned and went to the couch. Once there, I got onto the couch on my knees and facing away from him with my hands gripping the back of the couch.

I felt him move behind me and grab my hips.

"You want me to put my cock in your pussy," he said and I turned and nodded. "Tell me you want my cock in your pussy."

"I want you to put that fucking cock in my pussy and fuck me. Fuck me hard."

Immediately, I felt the tip of his cock penetrate my pussy, which caused me to rock back and take him entirely into me like the bitch in heat that I was at that moment.

I knew it was expected of me to be more vocal as he fucked me, but I had no problem because I was overwhelmed with pleasure as he rammed his cock into me from behind. I heard myself screaming for him to fuck me harder and harder and within just a few minutes, the first orgasm ravished my body.

However, he just kept pumping away and after my orgasm subsided, I kept having mini-orgasms with each thrust he made into my pussy. Only another minute or so later, the most earth-shattering, intense, satisfying and pleasurable orgasm I had ever had in my life completely overcame me.

I could no longer hold myself up and I collapsed my upper body onto the couch. The only reason I was able to remain on my feet was the fact he held onto my hips as I came. 

For a few brief moments, I was unaware of my surrounding except for the fact my body felt wonderfully pleasured. However, I was brought back to the moment when I felt Gary's cock begin to pressure my asshole. I had never been fucked in the ass and I instinctively tried to pull away. 

When I did this, Gary had a hold of my hips and pulled me back to him as I tried to pull away. This caused him to pull me back a little further than I had been before, I was still too weak to put up much resistance, and the tip of his cock penetrated my ass.

"OOOOOOOOUUUUUUUUUU," I screamed in pain as I felt my asshole ripping wider than ever before.

Gary continued to slowly work his way into my ass. It hurt more than anything that I had ever done in my life. I was biting the couch pillow in order to keep from screaming any louder than I had just done.

He worked his way completely into my ass and I felt as if I was going to explode from being so full and overwhelmed in so much pain. Slowly, he began to withdraw, which actually began to feel good, but before he was all the way out, he reversed and filled me completely again, which sent more pain shooting throughout my body.

I thought I was going to die from the pain as he slowly worked in and out of my ass. However, something amazing happened.

On about his fourth way into my ass, I felt my sphincter muscle relax and open up completely. Gary must have felt this too, because at that moment, the pace at which he was fucking my ass began to quicken.

Once relaxed, I was completely his. I had never completely given my body to another man, but at that moment, Gary had complete control of the situation and I loved it. As he fucked my ass, it was almost an out-of-body experience.

I could him fucking me and I could hear myself screaming with pleasure, but it was as if I was a bystander at the same time. I cannot explain in words the unbelievable sensations that were firing throughout my body while I had my ass fucked for the first time.

I was only partly brought back to the present when I heard him say he was ready to cum. He withdrew and turned me around onto me knees in front of his cock.

"I'm gonna cum on your face and in your mouth," he told me very matter-of-factly. "Don't swallow what's in your mouth. Spit it out and let it run down your chin and onto your chest. Okay?"

I just nodded and stared at him stroking his cock right in front of my face as I opened my mouth and stuck out my tongue. His first shot landed directly into my mouth while the second one hit just below my nose. Shots number three and four were directly into my mouth and number five hit my chin, which was now full of cum as I spit out the cum that had landed into my mouth.

I felt the cum drip down my chin and onto my chest as I sucked the last bits of cum off of Gary's dick, which was quickly going limp.

"Very nice show," said a guy standing by the door, naked and stroking his cock.

"Lauren, I'd like for you to meet my business partner, Barry. Barry, this is our new girl Lauren."

"Nice to meet you Lauren. You mind if I get to sample the goods like my partner just did?"

I did not even reply. I simply rolled back onto the couch and spread my legs wide. Barry put a condom on and moved in between my legs. Knowing that my ass was already opened up, he placed his cock there and easily thrust into me.

His cock was not as long as Gary's, but it was thicker and it took about three strokes before I was back in the same place I was when Gary was fucking my ass.

Barry only lasted about five minutes before he was standing above me ready to cum. Taking off his condom, he got onto the couch and straddled my stomach as he shot four very healthy loads of cum onto my chest and upper abdomen.

I just laid on the couch after he finished and numbly just rubbed the cum that was on my body as if it was lotion. My body had just been ravished and I felt more sensually pleasured than I had ever felt in my life.

I have no idea how long I just laid there reliving the wonderful fucking that I had just had before Nicole came into the room.

"Look at you," she said. "You look someone who has really been pleasured. I think you'll work out just fine here.

I could only smile.

"Let's get you cleaned up before we work out a schedule."

She helped me off the couch and into the full bathroom where she cleaned me up and helped get dressed again.

"Let's work on the schedule now," she said.

I realized at that point, this was going to be one hell of a fun ride.