 I think it would be sexy if you wore a black bra or lingerie top and a g-string or thong that shows off your hot ass. You would look so hot laying back with your legs open while you casually rub your pussy through your panties and tell me to strip. When I get naked, you throw me a pair of your panties and tell me to put them on. After I put them on you ask me to turn around and then you say: 

"Come kiss me you SEXY bitch." 

I kiss your lips and slip my tongue in your mouth so we can tongue wrestle. Your kisses make my cock hard and you can feel it as I grind my cock into your panty covered cunt. I love when you press your pussy into me and moan while we kiss. You let out a sexy sigh when I kiss your neck, one side, down your chest and up the other side up to your ear. Your panties are getting wet from us making out and you grinding into my cock. 

It is so SEXY when you tell me to kiss your tits as you pull the straps over your arms. I pull your tits out of your top and kiss your right tit until I get to your nipple and suck it between my lips. I love to hear your moan and feel you move your hips. I move to your left tit and do the same thing while I pinch your right nipple with my fingers. I love that you are moaning and telling me not to stop and how good it feels. I go back and forth between your nipples until you tell me that you need me to lick your pussy. 

I get so excited when I get down between your legs to see your panties are soaking wet and I rub my face and lips up and down the full length of your pussy. I pull those panties to the side and lick you from your asshole up to your clit. While you are playing with your nipples you tell me that you love me and you love when I lick your cunt. I lick down your pussy and stick my tongue in as far as I can up you while you push against me and contract your pussy muscles around my tongue and moan. 

You tell me to fuck you with my fingers while I suck your clit. You raise your ass off the bed when I start to pull your panties off. I put them up to my nose so I can smell your SEXY scent and I flip them up to you. As I spread your pussy lips you grab your panties and put them up to your face so you can smell them as I lick up your pussy to your clit. Once I get to your clit, I suck it between my lips and slide 2 fingers up your very wet cunt. I stick them as far as I can and curl them up so I can massage your g spot. 

My dick throbs as you contract your pussy, push your cunt into me and tell me to keep licking your clit and fucking your pussy. I love when you talk dirty and you ask, 

"Does my wet pussy tastes good?" 

I pull my fingers out and tell you yes. I go back to your clit as you put my fingers in your mouth. That is the sexiest "ummm" as you taste yourself off my fingers. I dry hump the bed as my cock is as hard as steel cuz you are so SEXY when you let that slut come out. 

As I slide my fingers back in your cunt you tell me that you are about to cum and to not stop. I pull off your clit and you quickly replace it with your fingers and rub your clit cuz you need to cum. 

I'm massaging your g spot and I lick as low as I can and you tilt your ass up so I can lick your hole. As soon as my tongue touches your ass; you start to cum hard, shaking and moaning. I love when you clamp your thighs around my head I continue to lick and finger fuck you through your orgasm. I have your pussy juice on my hand and face. After you cum I pull my fingers out and give you one last lick up your pussy as I love to watch you taste your cum. 

I rollover on my back, you say "You look so fucking SEXY In my panties and you cock is so hard." 

You stroke me through your panties as you French kiss me. Now I'm the one moaning and moving my hips cuz you are stroking my dick and it feels so good. You tell me to rollover and say

"Your ass is so SEXY in my panties." as you massage kiss on each cheek and reach down to play with my balls. I fucking love when you play with my ass. You give me a little spank and tell me to rollover again. 

My cock is so hard that it is poking out of your panties and they are wet from my precum. You put your mouth on my dick through those panties until you can tell I can't take anymore. It is so SEXY to see my hard dick spring free as you pull down my panties and tuck them under my balls. You lick around around the head of my dick while you grab the base with your hand. You use your tongue to lick down my cock to my balls and back a few times telling me you love my dick and you want to make me cum hard like I did to you. 

I almost shoot my load in your mouth when you take my whole dick in your mouth. Damn you know how to suck a dick and I love when you play with my balls. You suddenly pull off my cock which surprises me and I feel so vulnerable when you yank those panties off me. You reach for your vibrator out of your night stand. As you turn it on you say,

"I know you like this," and touch it to my balls. 

"You know I do baby" I say as you take my cock back into your mouth and move that vibe lower to my asshole. 

I love when you suck my cock and play with my ass with your vibe. My SEXY wife is being a dirty slut for nothing more than to make me cum hard and that turns me on tremendously. I can't take much more and I say 

"I want YOUR WET, SWEET PUSSY!" 

You lay on your back and spread your SEXY thighs. I can't help it as I have to lick it one more time so I dive face first into your HOT PUSSY. You let out a SEXY moan and say; 

"Yes lick my wet pussy, baby. That feels so fucking good." 

When I stick my tongue in as far as I can and fuck it in and out a few times. My dick is about to bust as I give your clitty a few more quick licks. I make my way up your stomach past your hard nipples and up your neck so we kiss as I slide my hard dick up your juicy cunt. 

You can tell I'm not going to last long and my lick lick made you want another orgasm so you start playing with your clit. You tell me that you want to cum so I slow down my thrusts while you pick up the pace with your hand. I can tell by your facial expressions that your about to cum so I start to fuck you harder and faster. You are moaning and saying 

"Fuck me hard! I love your cock, baby. Cum on my tits!" As you pull your top down a little more. I can't take it so I pull out and start stroking my cock while your orgasm starts. You are moaning and shaking when my first shot hits you in the neck. 

"Yes cum on my tits, baby" as the rest of my load shoots on both of your tits as you finish your cum. We are both breathing hard as I look down at how SEXY you look with your O glow and my cum all over your chest, so I bend down to kiss you again. You are still have your hand on your clit lazily rubbing it as you come down from your 2nd orgasm and say,

"Lick your cum off my tits and kiss me again." 

I'm nervous cuz I've never tasted cum before but I would do anything for you after that sex. So I go down to your tits and lick the cum around your nipples but I don't swallow. I feel like such a slut cuz you are watching me and saying 

"Lick up that cum and kiss me you little slut." 

After there is no cum on your nipples, I kiss you and I push some of my cum into you mouth with my tongue. You pull back and tell me to swallow. I love that you are telling me what to do that makes you hot. 

You pick up some of my cum off your neck onto your finger and put it up to my mouth so I can lick it off and ask me, 

"How'd you like that?"