 Yesterday was a very eventful day. 

Let me start off by saying that I am a white male 42 years old 5' 10" 175 lbs and I work out religiously. I am married and have 2 children, both girls. I dearly love my wife but like every red blooded American male I do notice the ladies when their looks warrant. Tammy is no exception. She is 5' 9" 125lbs, a natural blonde, legs that have seen their share of toning and a set of tits that are firm and sagless. She is the spitting image of Christina Applegate.

My wife and Tammy are best friends and grew up together in our small town in Alabama. They were both on the cheerleading squad. My wife went to work for the local bank and Tammy went on to be a cheerleader at the local college where she met and married her husband. She is a stay at home mom and her husband is a dentist so they are very well off to say the least. She and the wife go out every other Friday night, kind of a girls night out thing. Yesterday was a Friday, and it was their time to do their thing. 

I work nights so I was at home cruising the net and checking out all the naked women when I heard the door shut. I figured it was the wife so I thought I would greet her with a stiff dick and have a little fun. I stroked my cock a few more times and went to greet her. Imagine my shock when I entered the living room and was met by Tammy. Here I was with a raging hard on and my wife's best friend. I tried to cover up my dick but it's pretty hard to hide 8 inches of stiff meat.

"Tammy! I'm sorry I thought you were Shelia!" I said as I caught her staring at my cock.

"Greg! I really should have rang the doorbell but Shelia said you would be in bed by now." She never looked away from my feeble attempt to hide myself. "I just brought this stuff for her to try on before tonight." She broke her stare and looked at the rest of my body as a sly grin over took the look of shock.

"Let me get something on." I stammered.

"Why? You look comfortable to me like you are." 

"I'm naked, in case you haven't noticed."

"OH, I couldn't tell, I'm glad you told me or I might have missed the show."

"Very funny, now if you don't mind I'm going to get dressed."

"What if I do mind?"

"What?"

"Shelia is always bragging about what a big dick you have. She says you are 8 inches but I told her she was full of shit. Let me see it."

With that I removed my hands and showed her my cock which had deflated somewhat during our conversation. As she looked at it I tried my best not to let it swell but it does have a mind of it's own and in a matter of seconds it was at full staff.

"Damn Greg you are hung like a porno dude. No wonder Shelia brags about your size."

I decided to get bold and see how far this game of "Show me yours" would go. I reached down and stroked it a few times as Tammy stared at it. She didn't notice me mentally undressing her. She licked her lips a few times and then looked me in the eyes.

"Can I touch it? I have never had one that big in my hands before."

"Sure you can. But first I want to see something of yours"

Tammy lifted the blouse she was wearing and threw it to the floor, reached around her back and unclasped her bra throwing it on top of the shirt. She then removed her shorts and panties in one swift motion.

"Wow, you didn't have to loose everything Tammy."

"I figured since you were in the buff I might as well be too."

"Hey, I'm not complaining."

"I didn't figure you would, I've seen you staring at me out by the pool."

She walked up to me and planted her lips on mine and attacked my tongue with hers. As we kissed she let her hand fall down to my cock and wrapped her long fingers around the throbbing head. It was all I could do to keep from cumming right then and there.

"God, your cock is so big and hard." She whispered as she pressed her tits into my chest.

"You think you could get it all in your mouth?"

"I'll give it my best shot, but I'm not very experienced at it, Jim doesn't like me to suck his dick." What an idiot he is I thought.

"I'll let you know what feels good and how to do it right."

Tammy dropped to her knees and grasped my prick at the base and started licking the underside and her other hand caressed by balls. 

"Don't have any experience huh?" I moaned.

"Well Shelia and I have watched some of your porno videos together."

She continued to lick my cock and then slid the head in her mouth. I placed my hands on her head and proceeded to slowly fuck her face. We eventually were laying on the floor and I maneuvered myself around so I could get at that blonde pussy. She was neatly shaven so that just a thin strip of hair was over her slit. I kissed her inner thighs as she spread her legs and I licked her from bottom to the top. She moaned loudly as I slid a finger inside her soaking wet hole. I bit her protruding clit and that sent her over the edge. She suddenly got up and pushed me on my back, grabbed my cock and sat down on it shoving it in all the way to the base. She proceeded to ride me like a bull yelling and screaming.

"FUCK ME GREG. FUCK MY CUNT WITH THAT BIG COCK."

I had no problem granting her demand. I raised my hips up as far as I could as she pounded down on me. 

"OH GOD, SHOVE THAT DICK UP MY HORNY PUSSY."

I grabbed her tits and pinched her nipples as she rode my cock. I didn't think it was possible but she increased her tempo as she continued to scream.

"THAT'S IT BABY PINCH MY NIPPLES, MAKE ME CUMMMMM!"

I threw her off me and scrambled behind her. She knew what was coming and lifted her ass up as she rose to her knees. I placed my cock at her entrance and shoved with all I had left. I pounded her as hard as I could. My balls were slapping her ass and sounded like I was spanking her. 

"OOOOHHHHHH, I'M CUUUUUUMING! HARDER, FASTER."

Sweat was pouring off my face and chest as it dripped onto her back but I was determined to fill her pussy with my juice. I pounded her about twenty more times and then my balls exploded sending stream after stream of cum deep inside of this horny goddess.

"AAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH, THAT'S IT FILLL TAMMY UP WITH YOUR CUM."

I have never cum so much in my life. As I continued to slowly slide my dick in and out of her I could see the cum rolling down her leg and onto the carpet.

"Damn Shelia was right you are a great fuck. Thanks."

"Anytime."

We got up and got dressed just as Shelia pulled up in the driveway. She walked in the bedroom as I was pulling my shirt on. 

"Have fun with Tammy?"

I had been set up. But I didn't mind at all.