 He is out of town for a few days. I have come home from work. I am lonely for him and oh so needy... 

But, I am also tired and feel the need for a nice hot bath. So, I pour a glass of wine and go upstairs and start the hot water. I unbutton my blouse and step out of my skirt. Rubbing my hands over my breasts I sigh. That feels so good. I go into the bedroom and turn on some music. The bath is ready. I step into the steaming hot water. MMmmm, that feels so good. I pour some of my favorite scented oil into the water and rub my hands over my skin. I am so hot right now. I need him badly, but he is not due home for another day or two. I rub my hands over my breasts. My nipples tighten and I feel my pussy getting moist. I move one hand down to my pussy and clit. One is still rubbing and pinching my nipples, moving from one to the other. I rub my pussy, mmm, it is getting so wet. I graze my clit and a shot of electricity runs through me. Oh, I want to cum so badly. Both hands are now between my legs. One is fingering my clit and the other has two fingers in my hot, wet pussy. Pumping in and out as my clit is rubbed and pinched. I am moaning and I cum hard. I hear another moan in the room and I start in the tub. 

It is him, he is home early. 

He has been watching me. 

I can see the effect that it has had on him. I see the bulge in his pants. He is huge. There is a hunger in his eyes. He kneels beside the tub and kisses me deeply. I feel his need. He wants me just as badly as I want him. I reach over and cup his bulging erection. He groans and picks me up out of the tub. Setting me down he grabs a towel and begins to dry my off. He lightly rubs the towel over my breasts and I suck in my breath. He looks up at me and follows the towel with his mouth and tongue. He suckles gently at first, rolling his tongue over my erect nipple. Then he bites me just enough and I grab his head to hold him there. He drops the towel and leads me to the bed. He kisses me again and moves back. I open my eyes and see him ripping off his clothes. He can't seem to get them off quickly enough. He slides off his slacks and briefs in one stroke and his thick cock springs free. He is so hard and thick. Spreads my legs and lies across the end of the bed with his head resting on my thigh. I know how much he loves to play with my pussy. He spreads the lips and runs a finger down across my clit and to my dripping pussy. God, that feels so good. He dips his head and runs his tongue over my pussy lips lapping up my juice. He looks up at me and stabs his tongue into my pussy. I moan. He licks and laps and drinks up my juices. He sucks on my clit and I begin to cum all over his face and he drinks up every bit of my juices. 

I am breathing heavily now but I see that smoky, I want you look in his eyes. 

I love that look. 

He comes and lies beside me. His cock is hard against my thigh. I reach down and rub the head of his cock. He closes his eyes and moans excitedly. I know how much he loves it when I play with his cock. I get on my knees and blow across the head of it. It jumps. It looks so good. I lean over and lick the head of his cock. He moans and his legs move back and forth. I started to lick him. Just like an ice cream cone. I take the head of his cock in my mouth and massage his balls with my hands. His breathing quickens. He is moaning more now and holding my head to his cock. He is getting bigger and bigger. I know he wants to cum now. Not yet, as much as I love for him to cum in my mouth I need to feel his thick rod in my pussy. I straddled his hips and rub him across my pussy lips. He thrusts forward. I move back just a little and rub against him again. He looks at me and says he needs to be inside me now. I rub against him again. 

He growls and turns me on my back. He says "you will pay for teasing". I think that this could be interesting. He has grabbed his tie and pulled my hands above my head. He ties me gently but snuggly to the headboard. He grabs my breasts in his and tells me that he is going to fuck me til I can't stand it anymore. He slides his cock into my pussy lips. Just the head and pulls back. He leans over and sucks in a nipple and licks and bites. Then the other breast. I am moaning. 

He leans over and asks me "Do you want me to fuck you, baby? You wanna get fucked?" 

"Oh yeah" I say, "I want that thick hard cock buried in my pussy". 

He raises above me and impales me on his throbbing cock in one swift stroke. God, he fills me so full. I barely get used to feeling him deep inside when he starts to move. Hard and fast. Thrusting in and out, harder and harder. Just as I get close to cumming he buries himself deep and stops. 

"Oh no, not yet" he says. "I want you to suck me some more" 

He straddles my chest and his cock lies between my breasts glistening with my pussy juice. He thrusts toward my lips. 

"Lick my cock, baby, you know you want it." 

I lick it. Mmm, the taste of my pussy on him is wonderful. 

"That's it, take my cock in your mouth" 

I suck him in deep. He reaches behind him to play with my clit. Oh god. 

"You want to cum? Cum while you suck my cock. Come on baby, cum for me." 

He fingers my clit with no mercy. God that feels good. I moan around his cock and his eyes roll back in his head and he moans. 

"You are going to cum, baby, but with this cock in your hole" 

He pulls out of my mouth and pounds into me. I feel him throbbing. In and out, faster and harder. I am screaming, he is moaning. I feel my orgasm cumming hard. Oh god this will be big. He is pounding harder and harder and I am cumming and screaming. 

"Yeah, baby squeeze my cock with that pussy. Fuck me, take all of my cock juice. You want it!" 

He tenses and starts to spew into me. Pumping all the time. I cum again, hard. 

He collapses on top of me and whispers, "If I get this kind of welcome, I will come home early more often"