 I heard the door knob rattle and immediately knew that we were in trouble! Just then my wife walks into the hours and sees Janice sucking my hard cock. I see a slight grin come over my wife's face as she says "I see you guys started a bit early!" I was a bit confused but my wife immediately came over and began to kiss me.

::Let me take this opportunity to describe my wife! My wife is a bbw with brown hair and brown eyes. She has 48DD tits, and a nice big ass to grab a hold of.::

As my wife is kissing me, I begin to feel my balls tighten and I immediately began to cum. Janice swallows every bit of my load, without hesitation. I look at my wife and she smiles at me and says, Merry Christmas! She then says that when I am ready to go for another round to meet the two of them in our bedroom.

As I am preparing to walk up the stairs to meet 2 beautiful, sex crazed women I wonder if I could keep up with them. I have just fucked Janice twice, and my dick was starting to get sore. But just the thought of what was about to take place made me hard all over again. 

I then begin to hear soft moans coming from the bedroom. I begin to slowly climb the stairs and the moans become louder. I notice that it is my wife moaning and when I cross the threshold I see that Janice's face is between my wives thighs. I look at my beautiful wife's gorgeous tits rise and fall with each deep breath she takes. Her nipples are a dark brown and they are very hard. I immediately walk towards her and take a nipple into my mouth. She takes in a sharp breath and immediately begins to cum. She then reaches over and takes my hard dick into her beautiful lips. She immediately begins to take my entire length in her mouth, eager to please me. I look down and see that Janice is expertly working my wife's pussy. She concentrates on my wife's clit and I could tell that she is about to cum again. My wife removes my dick from her mouth and has a screaming climax. 

After a few moments I take over pleasuring my wife's pussy. Janice takes my dick into her mouth as my wife begins to play with Janice's clit. I then insert two fingers into my wife's pussy and observed that they slide right in. I begin to work her g-spot with a come hither motion. She immediately begins to moan as I work her pussy with both my fingers and my tongue. As I am inching my wife closer to a third orgasm, Janice lets out a loud moan as she begins to have another orgasm. 

After her orgasm Janice begins to deep throat my dick. And the feeling of her tongue ring at the base of my cock drives me crazy. I immediately begin to finger my wife's spot firmly and fast. After a few moments of this my wife let's out a long moan as she begins to squirt all over my face. Janice continues to deep throat me as my wife tells me to fuck her. I reluctantly pull my member out of Janice's mouth and insert it into my wife's overly lubricated pussy. I immediately begin to fuck her with long, deep strokes. Her pussy begins to cream as I am fucking her, exactly the way she likes it. She soon has a strong orgasm and screams as I begin to fuck her harder. Janice takes my wife's nipples in to her mouth and begins to tease them. I feel my wife's already impossibly wet pussy get even wetter. I pull out of my wife after she has another earth shattering orgasm. 

I then enter Janice's love tunnel and am surprised to find out, that she is even wetter then my wife. I immediately begin fucking her hard and fast. She turns to my wife and they begin to kiss. I almost cum when I watch them kiss, but I am able to hold on. I feel Janice's pussy begin to tighten around my shaft as she begins to have her biggest orgasm of the night. I again feel that familiar warmth and look down to see that she is squirting all over my cock. I lose control at that point and immediately cum inside of Janice's pussy.

As we are laying on the bed completely spent, my wife tells me all about her plan. She tells me that in the past she noticed the sexual tension between Janice and me. She watched me as I stared at Janice's beautiful cleavage. She even watched me steal glances at Janice's ass as she bent over. She knew that I always fantasized about a threesome and decided to make it happen.

Janice says that as soon as my wife mentioned it, she was in. It turns out I wasn't so subtle when I took in the beauty of her body. She caught me looking at her tits on more then one occasion, and decided that she would tease me every chance she got. She tells me that teasing me made her very excited, and that she fucks her fiancee frequently thinking about me. 

I am speechless and still cannot believe that all of this has taken place. The only thing that I can think of now, is I hope this happens again soon!