 As I force Nancy's head to my hard cock I feel her definitely resist. I will not have it as I push the back of her head into my cock. Her lips open as she takes my rock hard cock into her mouth. Her mouth is so wet and soft as I relieve the pressure on her head as I watch this beautiful blonde suck my cock. I knew that she wanted it and her perky little titties that are now in my hands confirm it. Nancy pops my hard cock in and out of her mouth as her finger's squeeze at my balls. Nancy glances up at me as I admire her fine cock-sucking abilities. Her smiling eyes speak volumes. 

This girl wanted me every bit as bad as I wanted her. I watch as her tongue now runs up and down my manliness. Such a soft beautiful tongue. It feels so good on my cock. And of course Nancy is still in that sexy skirt. That makes me lust even more! I am dying to see what her pussy looks like. Her fingers move down to her pussy as she engulfs my cock and takes it to the back of her throat. Her moans increase as my cock hardens and her finger's work her pussy with more speed. It will only be a matter of time before I fill her sexy little mouth with my hot cum! I begin to buck my hips into her as my cock begins to explode. Nancy takes every single drop of my hot cum as her fingers are buried inside of her hot bush. I watch as she licks her fingers dry from her soaked bush. 

Watching her blow me and fingering herself is just too much! I lead her to the bedroom and take those pussy-saturated fingers and taste them for myself. Nancy smiles, as she knows that I am going to eat her out. I remove that sexy skirt and beneath that I find a very stretched out orange thong. Without much effort I tear it away from her body. Nancy practically melts there as I lightly lead her now naked body down to my bed. I waste no time in getting down to business. I bury my head between her well-toned thighs. Her hands massage my head as I plant kisses on her neatly kept pussy. I take in her aroma with a deep inhale. My mouth moves back to her mouth as we kiss once again. Before heading back down to my reward, I let her know that she smells so good. I cannot wait to taste this sweetie's pussy!

Nancy lets me know that it has been quite a long time since her last session of oral sex. I agree to take it slow. I move my tongue up and down her inner thighs as her fingers stroke my hair. Kissing and sucking her inner thighs in between my gentle licking. Her tanned firm leg's feel so good on my lips! I finally move up to her pussy. She is so hot and ready as my mouth once again finds her lips. I kiss and tug at her sweet lips. I use my hands to spread her lips apart as I delve my tongue inside of Nancy. Her eyes close as she is enjoying my skills. My tongue dances inside of her saturated pussy as I feel her begin to shake. I try to slow my tongue, but it is too late. 

Nancy is getting ready to cum. So instead I spread her wide open and furiously fuck her pussy with my tongue. Her juices begin to flow as I slurp them up in my mouth and swallow every drop. She tastes damn good! Her body is so quiet and still as the orgasm as relaxed her totally. I lay next to her as my hand's stroke her hair and I whisper to her that her pussy is the best tasting pussy that I have ever had. We once again engage in a kiss. My tongue trace the outline of her lips as my hands squeeze her awesome heart shaped ass! Nancy sure has it all! I cannot wait to suck and fuck that sweet ass!

Nancy begins to stroke my cock. It is not long before I am ready to go again. Nancy plops right on top of my hard cock with absolutely no warning! I shudder as her wet pussy envelopes my very hard cock. Slowly, Nancy grinds my cock. Just a little at a time. Each time taking more and more cock meat inside of her! I watch her sexy figure on top of me and close my eyes, as I cannot take much more. The sight of her actually on top of me is just too much! I let her know that she is truly a beautiful woman. This only encourages her to fuck me even better! 

Her hips methodically grind at me. She takes my cock all the way inside as she pushes me in as far as I will go. You can hear the squishiness of her wet pussy on my cock! If that does not make a man cum! Nothing ever will! Nancy now works my pecs in her hands as she begs for me to fill her up. Her body convulses as she is in the throes of her own mind-shattering orgasm. I am right behind her, as my cock explodes deep inside her lovely body. Two orgasms almost simultaneously!

We both pass out and awake a few hours later to realize that we had better get dressed before my wife actually comes home. If we can get out in time, we plan on going to her house to sneak in the back door (if you know what I mean!