 This is the second part to: Wife's best Friend. This is a fictional series based on my true fantasy! I hope everyone enjoys these as much as I do!

*****

As she is lying on the couch naked, I can see my cum slowly oozing out of her wet pussy. I feel my dick starting to rise as I take in her sexy body. Janice immediately notices it and says that I guess it's time for round 2! 

She bends over and takes me into her mouth for the second time! This time however she immediately gets down to business. She takes every inch of my 7 inches in to her mouth. Her lips feel incredible around my shaft, and I am immediately immersed in ecstasy. She knows exactly how I like it, and is doing it masterfully. I begin to explore her body with my hands, I take her breasts into my hands and begin to massage them. Ending with her nipples between my finger tips. With her nipples at attention, I then slide my hand down to her pussy. I begin to work her clit with my index finger moving in small circles. I then hear a muffled moan of approval, and I continue to work her clit with my fingers. I hear breathing become more erratic as she devours my dick. I then hear her gasp as she begins to climax again! I continue to explore her entire pussy with my fingers. I go from her cum soaked entrance back up to her clit. Each time my fingers slip inside a little further. Until finally my hand travels to her love nest, and I completely insert two fingers. I begin to search out her gspot, and am pleased when I am rewarded with a muffled moan. I immediately begin to finger fuck her stimulating her gspot as I do so. After only a few moments she releases my dick from her mouth and begins to scream as she has a massive orgasm. I also feel her pussy gush as she cums on to my couch... soaking the cushions! I remove my cum soaked fingers and begin to kiss her.

She tells me that she wants ride me and pushes me down onto the couch. She then mounts me and slowly inserts my dick into her. She has my entire dick in her pussy and begins to ride it. She leans over me as she begins to grind down against me. She is making sure that her clit is grinding against my skin as she fucks me. With her tits dangling over my face, I take a nipple into my mouth. I bite down on her nipple and she lets out a sharp gasp. She starts to grind harder as she is coming closer to another climax. Her pussy slides easily up and down my shaft and it is clear that she is enjoying fucking it. Her head goes back as she lets out a long drawn out moan as she cums. 

I then roll her onto the couch and begin to slowly fuck her. As I push fully into her pussy I make sure my movements are calculated perfectly. As I pull out I pull my hips up and make sure that my dick rubs against her gspot. I also begin to stimulate her clit with my thumb in full slow circles. I look into her eyes and can see that she loves the way I am fucking her right now. I continue my slow methodical movements and I can see that she is beyond excited. I look down as my dick pulls out and see that she is beginning to creaming up. I keep moving in and out slowly building her to another climax. As my thumb circles her clit, I hear her demand, "Make me cum" I tell her that her wish is my command as I slowly pick up the pace of my movements. As I begin to pick up the pace her breathing picks up, she is now moaning as my dick goes in, and as I pull it out. Every stroke I go just a little bit faster, until she is moaning constantly. I see her face scrunch as she gets extremely close to another climax. Until finally she is cumming. 

I then pull out and bring my dick over to her beautiful lips. She immediately takes me into her mouth again and begins to suck fast and hard. I couldn't believe that my wife's best friend could make me feel this good. As I came closer to an orgasm, I hear the front door known start to rattle...

To be continued!