 It was my wife's 35th Birthday. One of the gifts was a beautiful new watch. The other was a special evening I had planned for us. This evening would be one she'd remember for years to come. 

A little background information on my wife and I. My wife's name is Lisa. She is a beautiful 35 year-old. Hits the gym every day. She is in fantastic shape and has awesome curves in all the right places. My name is Eric, I'm 38 and keep myself in shape. We work very hard and always make sure to spend quality time together. Our sex life has always been great. We've been married for 10 years and the sex is better than ever. We are a very attractive couple and have always been 100% loyal to each other. We are very open with each other and always willing to experiment in bed. What gets us really hot is discussing fantasies and talking dirty to each other. 

Now, back to her birthday. I had planned a very sexy night for us. We got dressed in our best clothes and went to our favorite restaurant. Everything went perfect. The food was perfect and the atmosphere was very romantic. We had a great time. I sat there in awe of how lucky I was to be married to this amazing woman. My wife always the energetic one was eager to get on with the evening asked, "Eric my love, what's next on our agenda for the evening?"

"You'll just have to wait and see!" I replied with a huge devilish smile on my face. 

My wife knows me well and knew I was up to no good. I flagged down the waiter, got the bill and we were off.

Once in the car my wife was like a kid in a candy store. "So where are we headed?" She asked with a smile from ear to ear. 

"You'll see when we get there." I replied. Trying to keep the surprise going for as long as possible. I was very nervous. We had never done anything like this.

About 15 minutes later we pulled in to the dark parking lot. To my surprise Lisa still had no idea as to where we were going. I parked the car and we got out. Lisa very excited but I could tell she was always a little nervous. "Where are we going baby?" She asked. 

"We're going to have to go in for you to find out." I replied again with my very devilish smile. 

"Ok, let's do it!" she replied and we headed in. 

We opened the door and were met by the bouncer and music in the background. I paid the cover charge and we walked in. We took two steps inside and my wife grabbed my arm tightly with excitement and said "Are you sure you are ok with this?"

"Yes my love, it's YOUR BIRTHDAY!"

Where were we? A male strip club. Everywhere my wife turned there were hot toned guys. I moved towards my wife and said, "How about we grab a seat and enjoy the show." With that she grabbed my hand and led us to a seat near the stage. 

We sat there for about an hour, drinking and watching the guys dance. We were having a good time. I leaned over to Lisa and said, "Hey baby, check out the room back there. That's for private shows only."

She looked back all excited and asked, "Should we?"

"It's your birthday my love. Whatever you want is yours."

"Ok! Do I get to pick the dancer too?" She replied ready to get in that booth. 

"You bet. Anybody you'd like to have dance for you?"

"YES!" To which she picked out one of the better looking guys. I gave her a nod and Lisa motioned him over. She told him it was her birthday and asked if I could join them in the private dance area. It wasn't a problem so off we went. 

Once back there it was very private. We had our own secluded area. We ordered drinks from the waitress and once she was gone it was just the three of us. We introduced ourselves and he told us his name was Julian. He was definitely a stud. Julian was about 6 feet tall, dark hair, piercing blue eyes and a great body. I don't think there was an ounce of fat on him. 

After chatting for 5 or 10 minutes Julian got ready to dance for Lisa. I sat back and let her enjoy the show. She was definitely enjoying herself. Then things really got hot. Julian removed his jeans and had on tight boxers. My wife's eyes looked on in shock and then she turned to me and said "OH MY GOD! Look at his bulge!" She didn't have to tell me. It was very easy to notice. Needless to say things felt real hot in that booth once we saw his bulge. I'm not gay but this guy was hot as hell and had a huge cock to back it. 

Lisa wanted to see his cock and was very straightforward about it. "Enough teasing already, show us that monster!" 

With that Julian moved a little closer to my wife and said, "Why don't you remove my boxers for me?"

My wife looked my way and before she could ask I said, "Do it! That's what we're here for." She smiled and looked straight at the bulge. She then pulled his boxers off and there it was. We both looked on in awe. This guy was blessed. His cock was about 8 inches long, good width, shaved and just plain and simple hot. Now that his boxers were off Julian continued dancing for my wife and putting on a good show. 

After a few songs the waitress showed up and asked if we wanted more drinks. We placed another order and I took the opportunity to head to the boys room. When I got back Julian had put his boxers back on and him, my wife and the waitress were sitting there talking. My wife then turned to me and said, "This is the best birthday ever. Thank you so much baby! What else are we going to do tonight?"

"Anything you want baby." I replied, not realizing what I was getting myself into. 

"Anything?" My wife asked looking at the waitress and Julian. 

"Anything. It's your birthday baby!" 

"Well then we were just talking and we thought it would be sexy if Julian gave you a private dance." I couldn't believe my ears. I wasn't sure if I was up for it. We had often fantasized about including another guy in bed with us. We both really got off on the idea and usually fantasized about guys with large cocks joining us or watching us. The closest we had come to living out the fantasy was with Lisa's strap-on. She'd put it on and pretend to be a guy hired by her for me. She'd make me suck her cock and then bend me over and fuck me with it. So it wasn't that I was opposed to the idea, I think I was more afraid that I might enjoy it. 

Lisa knew I was nervous. She moved towards me and whispered in my ear, "Don't worry my love this will be fun. It's just us. If you don't want to do it, I understand." 

"It's a shame I have to work. I'd love to see that." Said the waitress as she walked off.

"Ahhhh Alright." I said. Julian moved towards me and started dancing. He was wearing nothing but his boxers and kept looking and me straight in the eye. I didn't know what to do. When I looked in his eyes they were very warm and inviting. The feeling was almost hypnotizing and inviting at the same time. When I looked at his crotch area all I saw was his huge bulge. I was starting to get very turned on by the whole scene. I kept nervously looking towards Lisa who would nod for me to concentrate on the show I was getting. 

Lisa must have sensed how uneasy I was feeling. She moved towards me and said, "Baby this is SO hot! You have no idea how turned on I am. My panties are soaked. I'm the luckiest woman alive to have you as a husband." 

Talk about words of encouragement. Knowing that this was turning on Lisa made this all the more exciting. She then reached down and grabbed my cock and said, "Hmmm it looks like I'm not the only one enjoying this. That's quite a meaty cock you've got in your pants." I nervously smiled back, somewhat embarrassed that here I was in a male strip joint getting a private dance and sporting a major hard on. Lisa then asked, "Do you know what would be really hot my love?" 

"No" was all I managed to reply. 

"I'd love to see you pull his boxers down and free that gorgeous huge cock of his." She then turned to Julian and said, "Why don't you move in a little closer. Eric has something he'd like to do." 

Julian then moved towards me. His bulge was now inches from my face staring me in the eye. I then moved my hands to his waist and slowly removed his boxers. There was his cock. Only this time it was very close to my face. I couldn't believe how hot it was. Here I am a straight married guy looking straight at the most gorgeous big cock I've ever seen. It was unreal. There was no debating where I'd be looking. I was staring right at his cock. I couldn't believe it. It was beautiful.

"WOW!" Lisa said snapping me out of my cock trance. "That has got to be the sexiest thing I have ever seen. His cock is so close to your face. MMM you guys are so hot!"

I smiled at Lisa. This had definitely been the hottest most sexually charged thing we had ever done. I was so hard; I felt pre-cum oozing out the tip of my cock. I turned back to Julian's cock. It felt like I was in a dream. Nothing seemed real. Julian sensing the sexual tension decided to turn things up a notch and moved in closer. His cock actually rubbed up against my cheeks. I thought I was going to cum on the spot and all I could hear Lisa say was "Oh my …" He rubbed his cock across my cheeks and nose. I glanced up at him and he gave me an inviting smile. That's when I did the unthinkable. As his cock approached my mouth I opened wide and took it in. I heard Lisa moan and when Julian didn't resist I thought the hell with it here goes nothing and started sucking on this monster cock. It took me a while to realize what was happening. I couldn't believe I was sucking his cock. On top of that I loved it. I looked towards Lisa to see her reaction. She was watching in shock. I saw lust in her eyes like I had never seen before. She loved it and I decided to turn this into her private show. I let his cock slip out of my mouth, I looked Lisa straight in the eyes and I licked from his balls to the tip of his cock then taking it all in again. Not only was Lisa enjoying this but Julian had to be as well. His cock was now rock hard. He had to be at least 9 inches when hard. I figured if I'm going to do this I might as well do it right and did my best to give the best blowjob I could.

My wife then switched tones. She went from being in shock to taking total control of the situation. Much the way she does when we she uses her strap-on with me. She said, "Eric you are the hottest cocksucker I've ever seen. Suck that cock! Come on, I know you've waited a long time for this and now you've got the biggest and hottest cock to suck. SUCK IT!" I didn't need the push but hearing her talk like that was so hot. It must have been hot for Julian as well because he pulled back a little and said, "Whoa, this is wild. I've got stop your husband is going to make me cum."

Lisa wasn't about to let things end. "Don't pull back! Dump the biggest load you've got all over my husband's face. Treat him like the cocksucking slut that he is. Give it to him good!" With that Julian moved back towards me and allowed me to continue. 20 seconds later he moved his hand down to his cock and told me he was about to cum. My wife not missing a beat said, "Open wide cocksucker here it cums." And I did. I opened wide and closed my eyes. I felt the first squirt hit the back of my throat and my immediate reaction was to close my mouth. I felt two more huge squirts hit my cheek and forehead. He still wasn't done; he dumped what had to be 4 to 6 more squirts all over my face. Lisa moved towards me and we locked lips. Sharing his cum that was in my mouth. She the broke the kiss, took a look at me and said, "Oh my god. I've never seen so much cum in my life. Baby your face is covered. You look like a slut that's just been gangbanged. I LOVE IT! My husband is a CUM SLUT! This is SO hot!"

Julian was recovering from the monster load he just dumped on me. He said, "I've been working here for 5 years and I've done a lot of crazy things in my life. But this is by far the hottest experience I've ever had."

"The pleasure was all mine." Said Lisa. "You guys just gave me the best birthday present ever. Thank you so much." 

I was sitting there recovering from the whole scenario. I couldn't even speak. I wasn't sure how to feel. I grabbed the napkin and started wiping the cum off my face. "Don't you dare wipe that cum off." Said Lisa. "This night isn't over yet. Julian may have cum but we haven't."

Julian then interrupted and said, "Uhh I don't think you guys are allowed to do that back here. I don't even think what we just did was allowed."

"Don't worry Julian. We won't get you in any trouble." Said Lisa. "Eric pay the man for this fine private show and then we'll get going." 

I reached for my wallet. Handed Julian what we owed him. "Thanks Julian. You made our fantasies cum true tonight." 

"My pleasure bud. Here's my number if ever you guys are interested in a private show outside the club." 

"I'll take that, thank you." Said Lisa with a smile. "Now let's get going Eric." She was now standing up. Again, I reached for the napkin to wipe the cum off my face. "What did I say about wiping the cum off?"

"But honey I'm not going to walk out of here like this."

"Oh yes you are. You are my little cocksucker and I want everybody guy in this club to know that. I want them to know that my husband sucks cock and loves it." I was so turned on by my wife. I got up and started following her. Before exiting the booth she turned to me and said, "What they don't know is that this little cocksucker is going to get fucked by his wife tonight. Fucked harder than he ever has before. I want you to have that cum on your face later when you're sucking my dick baby. I'm going to wipe that cum all over my cock and stick it in your ass. How does that sound?"

I just smiled and said, "Mmm Let's go!"

What happens later that night is another story.