 I want to relate a story that happened to me about 3 years ago. My wife and I had been going through a really rough patch in our marriage. At the time I was 44, I had been living in the basement for a few months by this point. She had been "hanging out" with a girlfriend which I found out later really meant is that she was sleeping with her and also going to sex parties with her and a guy she also called a friend. I was jealous but only because I had been wanted to do those things with her too. Not that I was innocent either, on my own I was doing plenty on the side, but mostly with other guys, all male orgies, I had spent New Year's Eve at a swingers club.

We realized we needed some time to think of what we wanted to do away from each other and away from the grind of everyday life. She booked herself a long trip to France, and I booked a trip to Asia for 2 ½ weeks. Her trip was first, and a week or so after she came back it was my turn to go. I was looking forward to the trip not only to see the sites but I had also researched some of the "fun" things I could do there, especially in Thailand where the tour ended. 

The day of my trip finally arrived, after almost 24 hours of flying I was in Vietnam, I had 2 full days before I had to meet my tour group and I mostly spent it being a tourist and just some masturbation in my hotel, I tried one hookup with a guy via Craigslist, but it didn't pan out. 

I met up with the group and we all went out to dinner the first night, there were 3 single women, and 2 other single guys, the rest of the group were couples. I set my sights on 2 of the girls and kept my eyes on one of the couples, hey you never know. By the third day of the trip I realized I had made connection with one of the single women, Karen, who was from Germany, we had paired off when walking and started sitting together on the bus rides I just never got the signals from either of the two English girls, it seem I may have missed some from one of them Karen told me later that one of the girls Hari, was flirting with me. 

After a long day touring the group went out for dinner, I don't remember exactly how but some of us won t-shirts from the restaurant. Walking back together I carried Karen's for her, I forgot to give it to her and it ended up in my room. The next morning we were all up at sunrise, after some more touring we had a free afternoon, and I told Karen I would bring her t-shirt to her room. 

When I came into her room you could feel the tension between us it was the first time we were alone together, I gave her the shirt and we were making small talk. When she excused herself to go to the bathroom. I stood there waiting, about a minute later she walked out completely nude! I knew I found the right person. I just stood and stared, till now I had only seen her in loose travel clothing, it was hiding what was really underneath. 

Beautiful pert breasts with pink nipples begging to be sucked on, looking down I saw her completely shaven pussy just starting to spread. I walked over and took her in my arms, we started kissing, my hands exploring her body, my fingers teasing her nipples, lightly pinching them, feeling them harden in my hands. Her hands were all over me, one was on my chest rubbing my nipples, and the other was on my ass, rubbing it at first then grabbing and kneading it. My hand quickly found her pussy and I slipped a finger between the folds to find her already damp. We broke our kiss and headed to the bed, we didn't have much time Karen had agreed to go to a cooking class with some of the others that afternoon. 

I quickly shed my cloths my hard cock popped out when I lowered my underwear, and Karen saw my cock was shaved as smooth as her pussy was. We walked over to the bed, I sat her on the edge of the bed and knelt between her legs, I wanted to taste her! I kissed from her knee up her left leg, as I got close I could smell her sex. I started by lightly running my tongue up the length of her slit, I flicked my tongue on her hard clit, I could feel her juices starting to flow, she tasted wonderful. I love eating pussy but my wife hated it, in 16 years I think she let me eat her out twice. I couldn't get enough of Karen's pussy. As I was sucking on her clit, I pushed 2 fingers into her pumping them in and out. I let my tongue drift farther down as I licked, first licking the area between her pussy and ass then I gently flicked it against her ass, and rather than jump up or running away I got a moan in response. As I pumped her pussy with 2 fingers I got some of her pussy juices and my saliva on my pinky finger and slipped it into her ass. With my tongue on her clit and my fingers pumping in her two holes it didn't take long for Karen to cum. 

We switch places, she got on her knees and slowly took my cock into her mouth, as her lips and tongue worked their magic on my shaft she had one hand on my smooth balls rolling them in her hand, pulling down on the sack. Her other hand was on my chest playing with my nipples. When my cock was good and wet with her spit, she switch her hand and was pumping my hard cock with her hand and licking and sucking on my balls. I felt her going lower and start licking behind my balls. I was in heaven. I was hoping she would go further and rim my ass or push a finger or two into me. But even with what she was doing I wasn't going to last long. Her mouth was again on my shaft taking it all the way down. I felt my cum starting to build up in my balls and up my shaft, it wouldn't be long. My breathing go heavy, I gasped out " I'm gonna cum" giving her the chance to pull off if she wanted too. She didn't, I shot my load into her mouth, she swallowed it all down. 

After catching our breaths we jumped into the shower together washing each other quickly so we could continue with our afternoon plans. Kissing her before we left the room I could still taste my cum on her tongue. Both of us knowing there would be much more later that night.

We met up, along with the rest of the group to walk to dinner, the restaurant was about 5 or 6 blocks away and as a group naturally does we ended up in pairs or small groups spread over about a block all loosely following the guide. We of course walked together, during the walk and when we were able to over dinner, we talked about what we both like, I think we both sensed that we would be having a lot of fun with each other. 

At one point Karen asked what I liked, I answered, I was up for almost anything and hadn't found much I wasn't willing to try. She smiled and had a very mischievous look in her eyes. After dinner some of the group wanted to go out, us and a couple of other headed back to the hotel. On the way back she grabbed my arm pulled me close and told me she wanted me to be in charge tonight. Though I am usually a sub, I knew I would have no problem being in charge for the night.

We walk up to the hotel and up the flight of stairs to her room, luckily she was the only single girl who wasn't assigned a roommate for the trip. She put the key in to open the door, I pulled her back and kissed her deeply, our tongues explored each other's mouths. Our kiss broke, before she opened the door, I asked "I'm in charge tonight? she nodded, any limits? She shook her head, good I said, now open the door", we stepped in and closed the door. I felt my dom side rising in me. I walked passed her and sat on the foot of the bed. She started to get something from her backpack, I asked "what are you doing? Did I tell you to do that?" she turned around and looking down at the floor just said "sorry sir". "Take off your clothes" quickly she removed her shirt, bra, shoes, socks, pants and panties and tossed them all to the side, I knew the instinctively she wanted to fold her clothes neatly but she knew not to waste the time. For the second time that day she was standing naked in front of me, this time I knew we didn't have to rush. "Hands on top of your head" I instructed her, standing there like that pushed her breasts out and had them standing even higher on her chest. I saw her nipples hardening and knew it wasn't from the air conditioning. 

She stood there, her breast rising and falling with each breath, the room was silent. "slowly turn around, I want to inspect you" slowly she pivoted on her feet letting me get a good view of all of her, when she was facing forward again, I noticed her legs were spread wider now, and I could see her lips getting puffy. I stood up and walk over to her, ignoring her eyes, I stood close an looked over her body, I lightly ran the back of my fingers up her left side, from her hip up her side, pasted her underarm and up to her elbow. As I did I felt her take a deep breath. I ran my hand back down, but at her shoulder I traced my way across her collar bone over her left breast, barely touching her hard nipple, under the curve of her breast and back up between them stopping at her neck. Then to Karen's surprise I reached down and grabbed her right nipple between my thumb and index finger and pinched and pulled on it, not to hard but hard enough to make her gasp. She looked at me and saw the wicked smile on my face. I stepped back and circled behind her, looking at her ass, it was nicely round and firm, I ran my finger down her spine to the top of her crack. I held my hand there for a few seconds then quickly pulled back and gave her left cheek a light slap, just hard enough to make a cracking sound that filled the quiet room. I heard her take a sharp inhale but didn't move otherwise. 

My mind was smiling I knew I had found the perfect playmate. I told her sharply to bend over and grab her ankles. Standing behind her that gave me a perfect view of her ass and pussy. I could see her pussy was already damp with her juices and her asshole just peeking out between her cheeks. My cock was getting hard just standing there, I just wanted to drop my pants and ram it into her, but I held back. I couldn't resist and I slapped her other ass checks just a bit harder than the first slap, a nice pink hue was showing where my hand landed. I bent over and poked my tongue against her asshole I ran my fingers down her crack, over her asshole and down to her pussy, as I went over her pussy I gently separated her outer lips and ran my finger between them and through the moisture that was building up. I stopped just short of her clit which was starting to poke out from behind its hood, without warning I pushed my first two finger into her wet pussy, they slid right in to her very wet hole, I pumped in and out a few times. I felt her fighting to remain in position and not fall over. 

Not wanting to make it easier, when I pull back I hesitate for a few seconds with just the tips of my two finger between her lips then rammed them in three knuckles deep, pulled back again, and this time lined up my pinky finger with her ass and plunged my fingers back in, this time both holes at once. My finger felt a bit of resistance as it pushed into her ass but there was enough of her juices on it to smooth its way in. I pumped a few more times into both of her holes, then pulled my hand back. 

I walked back in front of her, she was trying to look up at me while still holding her ankles. I slowly brought my fingers to my mouth and let her watch as I licked off her juices. I finally spoke "did you enjoy that?" she nodded and answered "yes sir" "you like being my sex toy? I should open the door and have the rest of the group see you like this, show them the slut you really are" Should I bring in Hari and let her see you, I know she wants me too, I could fuck her right her in front of you, make you watch, then clean us both up with your tongue? Not tonight, tonight you are mine... Stand up, her hands released her ankles and she stood straight up again, I could see her juices starting to run down her inner thigh. Undress me! She quickly walked the few steps between us and started opening my shirt. No I said firmly, shoes first!, she got down on her knees and lifted my leg up, untied my shoe, pulled it off, then my sock and brought her lips down to my toes, she kissed the top of my feet, then ran her tongue between my toes, as she did I felt my cock twitch against my zipper, I was hard as a rock. 

She repeated this with my other foot, now my shirt, I said when she was down, she finished unbuttoning my shirt, and was kissing my chest as she pushed it off my arms, slowly she took each of my nipples between her teeth, gently biting down and flicking her tongue against them. She kissed her way down lower till she reached the top of my pants. Knelling again she quickly and deftly she opened my belt, and the button behind it, then used her teeth to lower my zipper. Unknown to her, I didn't wear any underwear that night knowing it wouldn't be on long anyway. 

As the zipper went lower my cock sprang out and landed against her forehead. As she lowered my pants down my legs she lifted her head up to look up and me and ran her tongue lightly against the underside of my cock. I stepped out of my pants, now we were both naked my balls felt full and tight, my cock was standing straight up pulsing with a bit of pre-cum on the tip. But as hard as I was I also felt my bladder was full from all the drinks at dinner. Her hands were resting on my thighs she was looking up at me, waiting for my next order, fully expecting me to have her suck my cock. 

I asked "Karin, no limits?" she shook her head no. you sure? She nodded yes. Good I said, I took a small step back, grabbed my cock and pushed it down so it pointed at her, open your mouth! She did, there she was, on her knees, hands behind her back, tits pushed out, nipples hard, mouth wide open. She looked beautiful! I pointed my cock at her face and let out the first stream of pee, it hit her in the neck just below her mouth, It was just a short stream to test her reaction, I saw her eye open wide in shock, but when she felt the hot pee running down her neck and over breasts the look of shock was replace with the look of desire. I let out a second longer stream this one went right into her mouth, followed quickly by a constant stream I don't know if she was swallowing at this point but plenty of pee was running off her face and down her body, I moved my aim so my hot pee streamed directly onto her nipples. Even though the room had a stone floor, I knew I couldn't let too much more out onto the floor. I stopped my stream and just looked down at Karen, there was still pee on her chin, and her tits glistened with the wetness of the pee, I knelt down in front of her and pulled her close, I felt her hard nipples against my chest and the wetness of my pee on my chest, I kissed her deeply tasting my pee in her mouth. I broke the kiss and stood back up, suck my cock was my next command to her, she quickly took my whole cock deep into her mouth and one of her hands found my balls while the other wrapped itself around my waist, pulling me deeper into her mouth. 

She knew exactly what she was doing, the right amount of suction as she sucked up and down on my shaft, while pulling and squeezing my balls. As she continued I felt the hand around my waist start to move down my ass. Her fingers parting my cheeks, I felt the cool air of the room against my hole. I knew where her fingers were going and I couldn't wait. As her mouth continue working my cock I felt her finger reach my opening, she hesitated there for a second, I guess in all of our conversations to this point I hadn't mentioned outright that I was bi. To let he know it was ok I push my ass back against her finger, she understood and push her finger in, she was fucking me with her finger in rhythm with her mouth, I guess she was able to tell her finger wasn't the biggest thing I had had in my ass and quickly added a second finger. Between thinking about fucking Karen all afternoon, our talking at dinner and all we had done, I wasn't going to last much longer. I felt my cock swelling as my cum built up, I knew from earlier she was a swallower, but I wanted to have fun, when I felt myself about to shoot, I grabbed her head and pulled her back, I grabbed my cock and after just a couple of strokes I shot my load into her open mouth. 

When I was done shooting my load, Karin leaned in and sucked off the last few drops of cum, running her tongue on my pee hole to clean out every drop. I stood her up and kissed her again, letting my tongue lick off the drip of cum on her chin, and taste the remaining cum in her mouth. I told her to lay on the bed and spread her legs. Standing at the foot of the bed I could see how turned on she was. I knew I needed some time to recover so I could fuck her like I had been thinking about all day, but now it was time to tease her for a while. I stepped away from the bed and pulled my belt from my pants, I pulled Karin's hands above her head and looped my belt around them and through the bamboo headboard, locking her arms in place. I wish I had something to use to tie her legs open but there was nothing in the room that I could see quickly. I got on the bed, kneeling between her legs, I push her legs further apart, and spread her pussy open with my fingers, I began making circles against her pussy lips and clit with my hand and fingers, her juices were flowing now. I leaned over and started to lick her pussy again, but I didn't plan to do that for too long, I had another target in mind, after a minute or two, I felt Karin's breathing get faster, I knew she was getting close, so I move down leaving her clit and letting my tongue drift down to her other hole. I lifted her legs and pushed them back. My tongue found her rosebud, I lick it and felt it pulse to my touch. I used my hands to spread her checks wider and poked my tongue deeper into her ass, her moaning got louder, her breathing faster, I reached out with my fingers and found her clit, I worked her clit as I rimmed her ass, then I heard Ja Ja Ja, and felt her body shudder as her orgasm overtook her body. 

By now I was hard again and was ready to fuck. I got off the bed, leaving Karin still tied, eyes closed still coming down from her orgasm, I pulled a rubber from my pants pocket (I had a feeling I would need them) and quickly rolled it down my shaft. I stood there looking over her naked body watching her breathing calm down, deciding which hole I should fuck first. I got back on the bed and lifted her legs onto my shoulders giving me wide open access to both her holes. I rubbed the tip of my cock down the length of her slit teasing her I felt her trying to push her hips forward to feel more of me in her. I teased her pussy back and forth with the tip of my hard cock, just putting the head between her lips. "You want my cock in you? You want me to fuck you? You want it here?" I push just a bit more into her pussy, "or do you want it here" and I pulled out from her pussy and let my cock rub against her ass. Again I push in just the tip to tease, then pulled it out and hit her hole with the tip of my cock a few times. "Please fuck me, just put it in me" was all she could say, I pushed against her ass and felt it open to let my cock in. Her ass was still wet from my rimming and with steady gentle pressure I slid my cock into her tight ass. As I pushed I felt her releasing her breath in a steady stream, she know how to do this. When my full length was in I stopped and waited, I wanted her to feel the fullness in her ass and I wanted to feel her tight ass around my cock. Then slowly I drew back and started pumping in and out, I built up a good steady pace, her moans and groans were getting louder, I knew one of the couple from the group were in the next room and was hoping they could hear us. 

As I fuck her ass Karin laid there, eyes closed, head back, fully enjoying herself, I saw her finger trying to pull out of the belt, I know she want to touch herself. I reached down with both hands and took her nipples and pinched both at the same time, this brought out a louder moan from her. Being that I had just cum I know I would last for a while, but I also want to feel her pussy on my cock, I pulled all the way back just leaving the head of my cock in her ass, I waited, I could see she was holding her breath waiting for me to fill her again, I gave one hard thrust and pushed all the way back in, then pulled back and did it again, this time rather than pushing back in I pulled my cock from her ass, I hole was open and wanting more, I pulled off the rubber and slapped my cock against her pussy the head hitting her clit. I ran the tip up and down her slit again, I wanted to feel her pussy on my bare cock, but knew I had to be good, I grabbed another rubber (I only brought 3) quickly put it on and started fucking her pussy. I slid right in I could feel her hot juices through the thin skin of the condom. At the end of each stroke I would rub up against her hard clit, I wanted to see her cum again. I knew she was close, as I fucked her pussy, I was playing with her nipples pinching and twisting them she seemed to enjoy the pain. I could see her next orgasm was getting closer. My cock was throbbing but between having just cum and the tightness of the rubber I could last longer and I kept slamming into her pussy. 
