 Steph leaned down to peer through the window.

"So..you guys gonna be okay?"

They nodded.

"No hanky panky?"

Faye looked at her best friend and burst into laughter. Tristan pretended to tip his hat at her and smiled as he drove off.

Faye leaned back in her seat. The weather seemed nice enough. She wondered if she should point out that interesting fact to Tristan. Slanting her eyes she snuck a peek at him. 

"You can look right at me y'know," 

Faye flushed. She studied the dashboard that suddenly seemed really intriguing. 

"I wasn't."

Tristan looked over at her, a faint smile about his lips.

"So..where are we going?"

"I don't know.. I don't have anything on any-" Faye fumbled in her bag. "Shit someone's calling. Who could it be at this.." Frowning, she looked down at her phone before casting an apologetic look at Tristan. "Sorry, it's a potential employer I gotta take this."

Tristan nodded and put a finger to his lips.

"Hello?" Faye pursed her lips. "Yes.. yes. Oh, that's..that's wonderful. What.." Tristan reached over and took her hand. She started in surprise. "Um.. yes.. sure. That soon? I mean sure I'll be there. Yes. Thank you." 

Tristan listened to the sounds of her cellphone being put away. "So..."

"So, I'm sorry but I have to go," Faye patted Tristan lightly on the back of his hand that was still on hers. 

"Sure. Where to?"

"Uptown, you know. I think I landed a job!" Her face was glowing with excitement. Tristan looked at her. 

"That's great news." His smile was warm and genuine, and Faye couldn't help feeling a certain something in her chest. She ran her thumb over the skin of his wrist. 

When they got there Tristan got out and opened the door for Faye. She met his gaze and smiled nervously. 

"I hope everything goes well," she said. Tristan put a hand to her face and tucked a stray curl behind her ear. 

"I'm sure it will." Leaning in he kissed her gently on her mouth. Faye beamed at him and turned to leave.

"Thanks for the ride!" She called.

"Oh, my pleasure!" 

Faye flushed slightly again, then mentally hit herself for flushing so much these days, and entered the building.

-----------------------------------------

The plants were fake, the carpet looked like someone had thrown up over all of it and then ironed a layer of plant fertilizer over it, and the receptionist was so frosty Faye could just about feel her eyes misting up.

But, this was good. It was.

Lifting her knuckles to the heavy wooden door, Faye knocked.

"Come in!"

The door opened to a spacious office. A large expensive couch was sprawled in the corner, a couple of -- hey, real -- plants stood green in their pots, and.. the sunlight poured in through the wide glass windows. Sitting at the desk was..

"Mr. Lexington." 

"Call me Samuel." He stood up and shook her hand. It was a good, firm handshake. "Well, I've looked at some of your work and I must say I'm impressed."

"Thank you, very much."

"No no thank you. You'll be an excellent addition to our team. Now, all we have to do is to discuss the little details. If you'll just sit,"

Faye's eyes misted over for real this time.

It was happening. For the first time in her life, everything was coming together.

------------------------------

"And then he offered me that sum, and I was.. well I was be-something!"

"Be-something." Tristan laughed, helping Faye out of her coat.

"Yes! Be-something, bewildered or something. I still can't believe it!" Kitty tottered up to her and sniffed at her legs. "Hey Kitty how's it goin," 

Faye tossed her bag on the couch and fell back on the pillows.

"Do you want something to drink?" Tristan asked. Faye smiled at him. She reached up and pulled him closer by his tie. 

"Actually I want something to eat." 

A small smile formed on Tristan's lips. "You do, huh." He stroked her face.

"I do." Faye stretched up and lifted her mouth to his. He tasted so good, so warm and familiar already. Kitty sat down patiently in a corner. "You." Faye pulled back and traced Tristan's lip with her finger. He looked at her.

Faye jumped slightly when she felt Tristan's hand moving down her stomach.

"Hey somebody's moving fast," she exclaimed. 

Tristan hid a smile in her shoulder as he turned her around so she was sitting on her lap. "I've waited all day. Don't think that counts as fast." 

Faye picked up the remote control and turned the television set on. 

"Hey they're showing reruns of That 70s Show. It's that episode where Eric.. oh.."

Faye closed her eyes as she felt Tristan slide his hand down the front of her panties.

"Eric is having a..birthd-" his fingers pressed into her flesh. Parting her legs wider Faye pressed her hips back into Tristan's lap. "That feels..good." Tristan pulled her shirt down so he could kiss her bare shoulder. His fingers kept stroking between Faye's legs. She let her mouth drop open as she savoured the sensation.

"Tristan.." Faye turned on his lap so she could look at him. Tristan pulled his hand out of her underwear and kept his eyes locked on hers as he put his finger in his mouth. Druggedly Faye watched him as he licked her juices off his hand.

"Okay bed now." 

Tristan laughed as she jumped on him and he stood up, hoisting her by her bum as she clung to him, and headed for his bedroom.

"Well hello beddy bed." Faye stretched luxuriously.

"Oh beddy bed. Someone's getting comfortable here." Faye froze for a bit, but relaxed when Tristan settled next to her. 

"Come on, let me undress you." Faye got to her knees.

"Gladly." Tristan lay back on his elbows, watching her contentedly. She ran her hands over his broad chest, smiling to herself. The tie went off first. One button, then two. He had such a delicious chest. Absently, Faye stroked Tristan's skin. His eyes were dropping lower and lower as she took off his clothes, article by article. 

"You're wearing too many clothes," Tristan muttered when Faye had stripped him down to his boxers. With an easy heave he turned her on her back. 

"Tristan!" Faye laughed. "That tickles."

He looked up at her from her stomach, smiling devilishly into her skin. He pulled off her shirt, her work pants, her inner shift. When Faye was down to her undies she curled up, suddenly shy. 

"I didn't know you had it in you to be shy." Tristan pulled at Faye's arms, opening her up to him. She shook her head, smiling. Lifting himself over the length of her body, Tristan lay over Faye. She felt his arousal against her. His eyes were heavy.

"You're so beautiful," he whispered into her ear, opening his mouth and licking the sides of her neck. Faye shivered beneath him, hooking her legs behind his back and trying to grind against his erection. 

"Uh-uh," Tristan reached back and unhooked her legs. He smiled roguishly at her. "Me first." 

Faye felt delicious desire spiking in her blood, centering between her legs as she watched him. He kissed her neck and whispered in her ear as his hand went roaming on her body.

"I know you want this," his hand clasped the curve of her breast, encased in her black bra.

"And this," he trailed his fingers down her body, over her chest and her stomach -- where she quivered and arched toward him -- and teased with the ribbon on the top of her panties.

"You want me to touch you, don't you?" Faye nodded wordlessly, lifting her hips toward him but he kept following her movements. "Tell me what you want."

Faye looked at him, his eyes dark with arousal, a lock of his hair over his eyes. She arched closer to him as she spoke. 

"Touch me. Make me feel good,"

Tristan's eyes flashed and he cupped her through her panties. Faye squirmed under him and he stroked her through the fabric. He could feel her clit swelling between her soft folds and he rubbed it slowly. Faye gasped. She was going mad. He kept rubbing her through her panties..if he didn't stop -- Tristan pulled his hand away and she opened her mouth on a note of protest but his hand returned and this time delved beneath the cotton of her panties. 

Faye opened and closed her mouth as she felt his fingers tease her, going up and down the sides of her pussy lips. She could feel herself getting wetter and wetter. Laughing lightly Tristan reached down and took her mouth. She lost herself in his kiss, his warm tongue delicious in her mouth, feeling each stroke between her legs as his fingers swept over her wetness. He poised two fingers at her entrance and she looked at him as he pressed them in gently. She felt herself open up to him and moaned low in her throat as he pushed deeper and stroked her where her ache was deepest. 

"Tristan.. Tristan I can't.." Faye struggled against him as he pleasured her. She felt his hard cock heavy against her and reached down instinctively through the gap in his boxers and took his warm length in her hand. Tristan shuddered and paused for a moment but soon continued stroking her between her legs, moving his hips into Faye's hand in tandem with his stroking.

The pleasure grew and grew and Faye felt her eyes glazing over. Tristan saw it and slid down swiftly between her legs. Before she could react he pulled her panties down her legs, parted them and began to lick her pussy. Faye gasped quietly. Her thighs had already started to tremble and when she felt Tristan's head move between her legs, his tongue slipping into her moist folds she clasped her thighs about him and mindlessly moved her hips against his pleasuring mouth. 

Tristan looked up at Faye's face. She was lost in the pleasure he was giving her. His cock ached but he pressed it against the bed and kept licking her, moving his head side to side against her pussy, feeding on her sweetness. When he felt her muscles start to tense he spread her pussy lips and pressed his mouth against her, moving his lips over her swollen flesh and licking deeper into her.

Faye gripped fistfuls of the bedsheets and bucked involuntarily against Tristan's face. She..she was coming..he was licking her so good, it felt so good, he wouldn't stop eating her as she came over and over, shuddering into his mouth. 

When she had stilled Tristan lifted himself over her and smiled faintly.

"Hey you."

Eyes still closed, Faye smiled back.

"Hey yourself." Her small hand went down his stomach and grazed the outline of his heavy cock in his boxers. "Looks like somebody needs attending to." 

Tristan almost blushed. He turned on his back following Faye's guidance. Her mouth looked bruised and her hair was in wisps about her face. She looked thoroughly sexed up.

He wasn't prepared when Faye slid between his legs, pulled cock out of his boxers and began sucking on him with gusto.

"Ahh.. a---hhhh Faye, Faye keep it..keep it slow or I'll.." Tristan worked his jaw, trying to regain his grip as he felt Faye's lips wrap around his length, licking up and down. Her mouth was liquid pleasure. He gritted his teeth and looked down. Not that the visual helped any -- seeing Faye between his legs, her eyes drugged and looking right back at him, his cock impaling her mouth, was enough to send him over.

With great effort Tristan reached down and pulled her up. He flipped her on her back, squealing lightly, pulled off his boxers and with one smooth move speared his cock deep into her. Faye gasped, rocking her hips back up towards him, wanting more of him. Tristan made a sound in his throat halfway between a growl and a moan and shoved his hips deeper into her. Her liquid center, so warm and tight around him. He pushed her higher up on the pillows with each thrust, heavy and uncontrolled, thrusting breathlessly into her. All he felt was the pleasure spiking, his flesh entering hers, her sweetness surrounding him, and he wanted more, more, more -- his hips flexed forcefully against her center, and she found herself close to the wall with each heave.

Faye moaned loudly with each thrust. Tristan's eyes were dark and unseeing. She reached up for his face and pulled him down. He kissed her as he drove into her over and over. She moaned, feeling the pleasure mount higher and higher inside. Looking up, seeing his face lost in pleasure and feeling him shove insistently inside her was too much and she felt herself riding out a deep orgasm.

Tristan felt Faye start to come. He pulled his cock almost out of her and slammed it back deeper. She writhed under him and he withdrew and pounded her harder. His own release was near -- he could taste it, but he had to draw out her pleasure first -- she was coming around him, her pussy clasping and releasing and he was helpless, plunging back into her and flexing his hips quicker, the sweet bloom of orgasm went over him and he came, jerking inside her.

Exhausted, he fell to the bed beside Faye. She reached for his arms and curled them around her.

In the corner of the room Kitty went to sleep.