 This is a continuation of Wild Oats - The Vet.

*****

"Matt, you are a talented and considerate lover and I consider it a privilege to accept your invitation."

"I need to take a quick shower. If you would like, you can make yourself at home in my van." He pulled on his shorts, grabbed soap and a towel, and levered himself into his wheelchair.

His van was very neat and well organized. The twin bed across the back was on top of a large storage cabinet which was about two feet high and the width of the van. On the side wall behind the driver's seat were built-in drawers and cabinets which came out about two feet. The entire floor was covered with well padded carpet and appeared to be where Matt spent a lot of time. I was sure he used the side door as his primary access and moved between the bucket seats to reach the driver's area. The van was equipped with hand controls for gas and brakes.

I was still naked, but had picked up my clothes before entering the van, I folded them and placed them on the floor behind the passenger seat before making myself comfortable on the bed.

I was lying on the bed naked, with my hands under my head, when Matt returned from his shower. "Wow, it is so nice to see a beautiful woman in my bed."

"Come give me a kiss, big guy."

Matt levered himself from his wheelchair to the floor of the van then folded his wheelchair before bringing it into the van and storing it in a special alcove behind the driver's seat.

He stripped off his shorts and climbed into bed with me.

Matt kissed me on the lips, gently at first, and then, as I returned his kiss, we became more insistent and aggressive and brought our tongues into play.

He began to kiss me all over. My neck; my chest; my firm, heavy, natural DD breasts; my hard, erect nipples; my flat stomach; and my neatly trimmed bush. As he began kissing in and around my bush, my legs slid apart to welcome his attention. He explored my vaginal lips with his mouth and tongue and then settled on my clit.

He circled it with his tongue and flicked it now and then before taking it into his mouth and sucking on it. I began to shake and he continued sucking as my orgasm took over.

"Matt, I want you inside me. Please put your beautiful cock in my pussy."

He positioned himself between my legs and I directed his long, hard, thick tool to my love hole and he began to slowly enter me. He did a few ins and outs until he was fully inserted and then just held still inside me as my vagina adjusted to his bulk.

I let him know I was ready by beginning to thrust my hips forward, driving his cock in as far as it would reach and then pulling back. He began fucking me with long strokes. Leaving only the head of his cock inside me and then pushing back in until our pubic bones met. We danced like this for ten minutes with a few angle changes and hip circles thrown in to keep things interesting.

"Matt, fuck me harder. I want to cum on your cock and feel your cum deep inside me."

We mutually picked up the rhythm until the van started rocking. We could hear the squish of my fluids as he pumped into my wet vagina and hear and feel the slap of our flesh as our bodies came together. Faster and faster, deep and hard, his slippery rod pistoning in and out as we made love. He began to swell and then froze at the bottom of a stroke and began spewing thick, warm, creamy white cum deep into me. Stream after warm stream washed the inner walls of my vagina.

We stayed joined together, touching each other intimately and kissed before falling asleep with our arms wrapped around each other.

I woke an hour later and began grinding on Matt's flaccid cock which was still deep inside me. I felt him begin to stiffen and soon we had a slow tender fucking motion going. We must have fucked lovingly for half an hour before settling into each other's arms again and drifting off.

Later in the night I awoke as Matt was stroking my breasts and nipples and nursing on my full, firm breasts. He was already hard inside me, so I just initiated a rhythm. This time Matt came again inside me and I just enjoyed the feeling. We dozed off again and this time when I woke, Matt was still asleep. I carefully separated from him and pulled on my shoes. I grabbed his soap and towel and ran, completely nude, to the shower - this time in full daylight. I did not care who might see me. I was getting clean and returning to Matt.

Matt was awake with a morning woody when I returned. I used the damp towel to clean off his dick and proceeded to give him the best blow job I could manage. He must have liked it because he erupted again. I was able to swallow all of it. I climbed back onto the bed and we kissed and cuddled.

"Sally, you are the first woman I have been with for four years. Three years I was in training and in combat, and another year healing and learning to use my wheelchair. Every other woman has looked down on me because of my injury, but you have treated me as an equal." "Sally, I think I love you."

I put my hand over his mouth and said, "Matt, it is the wonderful sex talking. I have loved having sex with you also, but we do not know each other. You have a trip to resume and you know where to find me. If our paths cross again we can explore our feelings, but for now we just need to think of it as mutually mind blowing sex."

"Now, if you can get it up, I really want to make love with you again before I have to get ready to go to work."

When I left to go home to shower and change before going to work, I noticed a sign by the door. "When this van is rockin', don't come knockin'."