 The summer between my junior and senior years at a small Florida college in the 1970's, I was working full-time at JC Penny in the mall not too far from the small 2 bedroom, 1 bath, 1930's wood frame house a female friend and I had rented for our last year in college. She had gone home for the summer so I had the house to myself.

I had been working in various departments for the past 6 months and had become friendly with Jason, a nineteen year old stock boy who seemed to have a crush on me, the older woman in her 20's. I thought of Jason as a younger brother and when I found that he was frustrated by the lack of personal space at home with his numerous younger brothers and sisters always under foot, I invited him to hang out at our house when he felt the need. We had a comfy front porch and cold water and iced tea in the refrigerator that he was to consider his own.

One early June afternoon, with the temperature in the 90's, I stripped off my clothes to take a shower as soon as I got home from work. In the shower I shaved my legs and arm pits and took a few minutes to trim my bush. After I finished trimming, my hand strayed back to my pussy and I explored a bit as I recalled that this sexually active college woman had not had a man in her since Finals week in May when my main squeeze left to go home for the summer.

The college was liberal with birth control materials since they did not want pregnancy or STD's among the student body. They kept a fully stocked big jar of condoms that students could help themselves to and the women had birth control pills just for the asking. I chose the birth control pills and even though it was not the safest choice, I always had my sex partners go bareback because I just do not get as much pleasure when the cock is encased in latex.

Living alone, I had become very relaxed around the house, always going sans underwear and usually wearing just a thin T-shirt. I was frugal because I was saving money for my senior year, so did not use air conditioning and relied entirely on the breeze through open windows and doors.

You can imagine my surprise when I came out of the bathroom completely nude, with my heavy, full, natural DD breasts standing proudly from my chest, only to find Jason in the refrigerator getting a cold drink.

"Oh, I did not know you were here."

"Wow, you are beautiful."

My first instinct was to cover my pubes and my breasts with my hands, but I resisted and was instantly rewarded. A tent appeared in Jason's shorts that, from my past experience, indicated something impressive must be hidden there.

Instead of darting to the bedroom, I walked across the kitchen to where Jason was standing by the open refrigerator.

"Looks like someone needs some attention," as I reached down and stroked his impressive bulge through his shorts. "You might want to close the refrigerator before all the cold gets out."

I kissed him gently on the lips and his hand, which had been on the cold water container, went like a magnet to my breast. The cold hand immediately produced an erect nipple for Jason to enjoy.

While caressing my breast and playing with my nipple, Jason and I shared an open mouth kiss that really got my engine running. I knew my honey pot was producing and I might start dripping on the floor if we didn't do something soon. I took Jason by the hand that was not on my breast and said, "Would you like to come to my bedroom with me?"

"Oh God, yes!"

In my bedroom, I sat on the bed and in a flash he pulled his shirt over his head, toed off his shoes, and dropped his shorts and briefs. He kicked them off his feet and was standing naked in front of me with his beautiful, thick, seven-inch circumcised penis inches from my face.

I touched the drop of pre-cum seeping from the tip with my finger and spread it around the velvet head of his cock. "This is beautiful," I said.

I began licking the head, then running my tongue along the sides before taking him into my warm, wet mouth. Sucking him in and swirling my tongue around him as I slid it back out. In and out, in and out. I slipped my mouth off his cock and, still holding it with one hand, took his balls in my mouth and teased and sucked one and then the other. I took him back in my mouth and as he began to swell, I knew he was close to ejaculating.

He pulled away and said, "I need to taste you." Jason kissed me on the mouth and then dropped to his knees between my legs. He had me lay back on the bed to give him full access to my pussy and, with a hand on each breast, teasing and playing with my nipples, and tracing around my entire breast and wide, crinkled areolas, he licked me from my asshole to my clit. Oh what a heavenly tongue. He licked and licked, exploring the folds of my labia. He sucked on my lower lips and I just opened my legs wider and wider for him.

He found my clit and began toying with it. Teasing with his tongue and then sucking it into his mouth. He carefully nipped at it with his teeth. I could feel my first orgasm building. Then he moved farther down and used his tongue to explore my vaginal opening. He made his tongue stiff and began spearing in and out with his tongue. I came. I was getting so wet down there. When he took a moment to slurp up my juices, I knew I was really wet.

He pulled his head back, came up and gave me another of his fabulous kisses, this one with my love juices on his face, lips, and tongue.

While kissing me, he took one hand from a breast and with a finger began exploring my love hole. He added another finger, then he had three fingers in me. All the while we were kissing, our tongues waging a little war in our mouths, and a hand pleasuring a breast.

I reached down with one hand and began stroking his cock which by now is as hard and stiff as any cock I have had. It was bumpy from the veins standing out along the outside and while the head was the size of a ping pong ball, from the cap to the base it actually got wider the closer you got to the base.

He looked at me with a questioning look and I nodded. We rearranged ourselves on the bed. I put a pillow under my butt to give the angle that I find more pleasurable, and with one hand, I ran his cock up and down my slit a few times to coat it with my love honey. I lined it up with my love opening. He exerted a little pressure and my flower opened for him. He continued to press in slowly, giving my body time to adjust to his girth. Slowly in and slowly out until only the head was still in my vagina. Each thrust took him a little deeper into me.

Finally, our pubic bones met and, fully inserted, he paused again, allowing time for my vagina to adjust.

I ground my clit against his pubes and our dance of love resumed. We continued like this for about fifteen minutes and I could feel my second orgasm beginning to build.

"Faster, fuck me harder. I want your cum inside me. Fuck me! FUCK ME!"

As Jason pumped harder and faster, I rose to meet him and matched his pace. 

Suddenly I stiffened, wrapped my legs around him and pulled him even deeper into me. I was cumming and I could feel it in every fiber of my body. When Jason felt me cum, he began spurting his thick, warm cum deep into my body. Spurt after spurt, thrust after thrust. He told me later that it felt like his whole body was being emptied through his dick into my body.

We were both totally drenched with perspiration and exhausted from our love making. We rested with his cock still deep inside me for half an hour and then I said, "Why don't we take a shower together?"

We separated reluctantly and walked down the hall to the bathroom, hand in hand.

There is more to this summer, but the telling will depend upon your response.