 Disclaimer: You must be over 18 to read this story. This story features adult only content, if you are offended by this type of material please don't read this.

It started with a kiss. Actually, it started before the kiss, with lots of light caresses throughout the day. A touch here, a kiss there. The simple act of him running his fingers down my arm sends tingles through my body. My mind drifted wondering how to get him alone amongst all these people. I craved him and I couldn't wait until later tonight. Scanning the park for a secluded area a thought dawned on me. "Come on babe, let's go on the Ferris wheel," I said to him as I grabbed his hand and pulled him towards the huge circular object in the distance. "It's my favorite ride." I knew it was one of his fantasies. I smiled knowing that this was the perfect thing.

The park was crowded with numerous people, some loud and screaming with happiness as they rode the rides, ate the junk food, and won the prizes, others yelling in frustration at the scheming carnies and in fear from the scary rides. I only had one thing on my mind, him, and making his fantasy a reality.

As we stood in the line for the Ferris wheel, he ran his hands down my arm as he kissed me passionately. I was wearing a singlet top that I knew exposed one of his favourite aspects of me, my swelling breasts. I felt a shudder up my spine as his fingers trailed up my arms and along my back as he kissed me. I heard someone cough behind us and realised the line had moved ahead without us noticing. We were lost in our own world, where no one else exsisted, my favourite place to be. The line wasn't long and moved quickly. It was the end of the day so I crossed my fingers that I could convince the attendant running the ride to give us a little extra time at the top.

We reached the front of the line and I leant over and whispered sweetly in the attendants' ear, making sure to give him a nice view to convince him to leave us at the top a little longer. The guy winked at my companion and turning back to me said smiling, "lucky guy, one turn then its all yours." Perfect, enough time to get him interested. Each cart was like a little cage, with a roof so it was semi secluded, although there was the view from above the back of the seat until the roof but hey who would see us from that high up, besides it wasn't the top half of my body that I was worried about!

We settled on the ride sitting opposite each other, the ride attendant closing the door firmly, locking us in the small cart. I leaned in close kissing him passionately. We slowly began to rise so I moved my hand onto his groin, feeling him straining against his shorts. My breath caught in my throat as he grabbed my breasts between his hands, kissing me harder. "I've wanted these all day," he said pulling his mouth from mine. We were at the top now but it wasn't time yet, this was just the fun before the main event. His hand slipped from my breasts and up under my skirt, wanting to feel how wet I was for him. I heard him gasp as he realized I was no longer wearing my g-string, I had removed it in the bathroom earlier and it was now safely tucked in my bag. "Something you forgot to tell me babe?" he said to me. 

"I thought you liked surprises," I said smiling at him.

The cart started to descend, so I thought he would stop but he kept his fingers on my clit, rubbing it with just the right amount of pressure, sending waves of pleasure shooting through my entire body. I moved my legs to the outside of his so anyone looking in would just see a man with his hands in his lap and our legs intertwined. I had to remove my hand from his straining cock as we got closer to the ground and couldn't help but groan. "All in good time baby," he said to me. 

"I need you now," was all I could reply as he worked his fingers expertly on my clit. He knew all the right moves.

As the cart started ascending again, we kissed again, lovingly, intensely, so hard and so full of fire and desire, our tongues dancing together. I gasped in his mouth as he pulled me forward onto his lap. Our cart rocked slightly and I wondered how much on an angle we were on. I put my knees on either side of his seat, straddling him. As I rearranged my skirt I heard him unzipping his pants and felt his hard cock against my dripping wet pussy lips. 

I lowered myself onto him, feeling him filling me completely, making me moan. I figure this high up no one could hear me. He felt so good inside of me as I moved my body up and down onto his. The cart moved as well, making it a very interesting ride. His cock sliding in and out of me felt amazing and I could feel my tempo growing as I got closer to coming. He knew I was close as he pulled my head down to kiss me. He removed his mouth from mine and I groaned in protest, but he had other ideas in mind. He moved his mouth to my neck, one of my weak spots, it seemed I had a lot of those where he was concerned! I cried out moving faster, his cock sliding in and out of me, rubbing against my clit, driving me wild. It didn't take more than a few seconds for me to come all over him. 

I didn't know whether it was the fact that we were in amusement park, with families and kids or just that I had been waiting all day to have him inside me but my orgasm seemed to last forever as he continued to ravage my neck and run his hands over my back. I couldn't help but squeeze tighter around his cock with all the sensations running through me and I leant in placing my mouth on his neck, kissing and biting into him at the same time as if that would help my orgasm subside. That sent him over the edge. I felt him come inside of me as the ride started to move again. Timing is everything.

As we slowly descended back to the ground I removed myself from his lap, kissing him passionately on the lips. Pulling my skirt back into place I took my seat opposite him, as he zipped himself back up.

By the time we hit the ground we looked like we originally had, with just a little more colour in our cheeks and quite possibly our necks. "Did you enjoy your ride?" the attendant asked smiling at me. 

"It was quite an adventure," I replied smiling. He exits first and takes my hand helping me out of the cage.

"So how did you enjoy your ride babe," I asked him as we walked away from the Ferris wheel. 

"Definitely worth waiting for," he replied smiling at me. New adventures were always worth waiting for, and if I had my way there would be plenty more to come with this amazing man.

The End... Copyright 2007... Playing Vixen

Authors Note: This is only my second time submitting a story online so I would appreciate feedback on what you think. I have some other stories in mind so keep an eye out for some more "wild rides"!! Thanks!