 Our faces were pressed together, lips and tongues moving rapidly as we stumbled into my apartment. We fumbled with one another's clothing, not ceasing our kisses, frantically trying to remove those meddlesome pieces of cloth that separated our bodies from touching.

My top buttons were open, and I broke the kiss to hurriedly lead her to the bedroom, tossing open the door. She moved past me and fell onto the softness of the bed, laying on her back and giving me a seductive, come-hither look.

I was only too happy to oblige. I strode forward confidently, placing myself gently on top of her. I grabbed the edge of her close-fitting shirt and quickly pulled it over her head. She wore extremely sexy white lingerie, but I paid it no mind. I kissed her on the lips again, but slowly moved my ministrations to her cheek, then down her neck, onto her collarbone, further and further down. I kissed above each breast, each perfect breast, before gently pulling the white bra upwards, exposing her skin to the cool apartment air. I lowered my mouth onto the mound of flesh, licking and sucking on the nipple. She groaned, falling flat against the bed while I continued to pleasure this particular erogenous zone, and placed her hands lightly on the back of my head, holding me in place. Not that I objected.

I reached my hand up to caress and stroke her other breast. She gave a hum of pleasure as I now worked on both of her breasts - her perfect, wonderful breasts.

After a few moments, I shifted my mouth from one nipple to the other. Both were hard in the air, and I felt the rigid tip of skin enter my mouth as I swirled my tongue on her body. She was practically purring with approval.

After I had tasted her chest for some time, I pushed her hands off from my head and began to kiss further downward. I kissed her solar plexus, then further down, onto her stomach. I paused at her belly button, running my tongue into the indent in her skin, and she giggled and squirmed at the unfamiliar sensation. I kissed downward more, until I reached her pants. I unbuttoned them, tugged them all the way off, and discarded them, forgotten, to a corner of the room.

My woman was now clad only in a matching pair of white panties and bra. I looked up at her, across the plain of beauty that now lay between us. We made eye contact and I saw she was almost dizzy with anticipation; she knew what I was asking and quickly nodded.

I placed my hands on her hips, feeling the soft skin and layered muscles. I took hold of her panties in my hands and delicately pulled them down before removing them entirely. Her womanhood was exposed to the air; I could smell its unique scent. I looked up at her, and we shared a brief, almost nervous smile.

I placed my hands on her knees and pushed her legs apart. I moved in closely, till my face was only an inch from her sex. I blew softly on it and she shivered hard. I placed my mouth on it and sucked. She let out a stuttering moan, arching her back hard, trying to push herself deeper into me. I sucked on her clitoris, swirling my tongue around the tiny spot of flesh. I grazed it ever so slightly with my teeth, before moving my back down back to her slit.

She had both hands in my hair, massaging my head and practically humming with pleasure. I pushed my mouth against her hips, hard, letting my tongue go into her as deep as I could. I tasted her, that bitter stickiness that is between all women's legs; I swallowed it down.

"Oh, God, oh baby..." she moaned. "Oh, you do that so well, baby." I looked up at her and smiled.

I moved my tongue and my mouth faster; sucking harder, licking more ferociously, rubbing her clitoris. I wanted to please her - please my woman - make her come, maker her feel bliss. She began to breathe harder and heavier.

Seeing her so close to completion only made me increase my activity. I worked her vagina over with my tongue, my mouth, my lips, my teeth, everything I could use to make her feel good. I felt her legs, drapped over my shoulders, quiver in tune with her exstacy. I worked myself to an almost frantic pace, licking her and sucking her as deeply and as powerfully and as quickly as I could. I kept at it, faster and faster until - 

With a loud, sharp, quaking gasp, I felt her whole body tighten up as she came. The muscles in her legs bunched up and squeezed my head lightly as the rolling heat moved from her chest down to her stomach and out from between her legs.

She unclenched and collapsed, spent, onto the bed. She was breathing heavily, and I removed her legs from my shoulders. I sidled up beside her. "So, what did you -"

My words were cut short as she threw her arms around me and began smothering me with kisses. She kissed me ferociously, passionately, rolling on top of me. She finally broke the kisses and said to me, "Baby, I want you. Now." Her eyes were alight with a fire and there was a deep huskiness to her voice.

I kissed her deeply. "Whatever you say. I live to serve." I smiled at her.

Like lightning, her hands were at my belt. She undid it, unbuttoned my pants, pulled down my zipper - in only moments, my pants were off. The thin, light fabric of my boxers was all that separated us. She had straddled my knees, and reached down towards my manhood. I was hard as a rock and aching for her; I groaned loudly when she stroked my softly through my boxers. She stopped, and tugged at my waistband and removed the last article of clothing I had on.

She reached towards me again, taking my shaft into her soft, delicate hands. She pumped me, slowly, running her hands along my throbbing dick. I groaned; I was putty in her hands.

She leaned her head down and kissed the tip of my dick. She opened her mouth, licked the underside, moved down as if to engulf me with those ruby red lips -

I grabbed her head gently, stopping her from taking me into her mouth. "No way," I said to her. "Not like that. I want to have you right now."

She blushed and gave me a heart-stopping smile. "Oh, baby, I want you too."

She moved her hips up, until she was straddling my hips. She held herself up in the air, just above my throbbing, aching, straining member. Just as she was about to lower herself onto me, we locked eyes, and I saw in her gaze a look of absolute passion and love.

Then she moved downward, and I shook with please as she eased herself onto my shaft. She let out an almost imperceptible noise that sounded remarkably like a squeak. Down, down, until she was resting on my hips, my manhood completely inside of her.

"Oh God, baby, you feel so good in me..." she whispered.

My woman always liked to be in control in the bedroom. Whenever I did something, I simply had to ask her permission. It was always about control; when I gave her head, I was submitting to her will. When she gave me oral, it was about her dominating me. When we had sex, she liked to be on top so that she could dictate speed and power. Always about control.

She began to rock her hips up and down on me, building up speed, until she was bouncing up and down on my cock. She was gasping and groaning with every thrust I made, consumed with pleasure. I gripped her hips and worked out a wonderful, pleasurable, powerful rhythm, pounding into her. Her breasts jumped up and down as she pounded herself down on my manhood. We built up the pace, going faster and faster.

She bent forward at the waist, still working her hips up and down, to kiss me on the lips. I kissed her back, but never slowed down.

The sound of sweaty flesh hitting sweaty flesh reached my ears as I continued to pound her, fucking her with all my intensity.

She was panting now. "Oh...oh, I'm gonna come..." she groaned out.

"Come, baby," I returned. "I'm almost there...I want you to go first."

She threw her head back and cried out in pleasure, and I felt her tighten around my manhood. That was it for me. With a groan of pleasure, I came in her. I emptied my load into her, my pulsating cock filling her with my seed, as spurt after spurt was shot into her clenching pussy. With a final moan of ecstasy, I collapsed back onto the bed.

She rolled off of me, a wet sound audible as my cock left her. She lay next to me, an arm drapped over my chest, gasping heavily. "Baby," she said, "that was the best fuck I've ever had."

I gave out a nervous, appreciative laugh. "If you don't mind," I said back, "I'm gonna go to sleep."

"Go right ahead," she whispered, and kissed my cheek.