 When I woke up the guys were gone and had left me a note. I luxuriated in the bed for awhile and then took a long, hot shower. In the shower I thought about having one more day and night of Spring Break - I didn't have to go back to campus until tomorrow.

I dressed and went down to the beach parking lot where I had left my car and clean clothes. Between cars in the parking lot I changed into my clean bikini and a fresh cover-up and then walked to the beach looking for fun.

I joined in a beach volleyball game and then decided to nap in the sun. To cut down on tan lines, I untied the strings to my top and napped face down.

When I woke, there was a nice looking guy sitting on the beach beside me. He said that I looked like I really needed the rest and he didn't want me to be disturbed. He asked me if I would go to dinner with him and I said sure, but it would have to be someplace really casual since I was wearing the only clothes I had with me.

We got to know each other much better over dinner with a bottle of nice wine. After dinner we walked the strip hand-in-hand. I told him that I had won wet T-shirt contests on Thursday and Friday nights and had won an open bar tab if he would like to go drinking with me.

Ned kissed me and said he would love to spend the evening with me. Later on, Ned and I watched as another group of young women strutted around on stage half naked for the audience. Ned told me that I would have won if I had been up there, but he was glad I was with him. I gave him a really nice kiss and told him that I was glad I was with him also.

As the crowd began to thin, Ned told me that he was staying in a small camper in the parking lot and asked if I would like to spend the night with him.

I kissed him and took his hand. "Do you have a bathroom or do I need to use the one here?"

"I have a small, clean bathroom."

"Okay, let's go."

He was right, it was small. Just a double bed and an enclosed toilet/shower combination, but it was clean and I had a feeling Ned would appreciate having me to himself.

We took our shoes off at the door and Ned sat on the bed while I used the bathroom. When I came out, I sat on the bed beside him and we kissed.

Ned took the lead and I lay back on the bed as we kissed and he began exploring my body with his hands. To let him know that I was okay with anything he wanted to do, I increased the intensity with which I returned his kisses and began stroking his thigh with my hand.

Ned's hand slid under my roomy cover-up and I moaned as he touched my bikini clad breast. He could feel my nipples through the thin material. They had popped up like small acorns and my areolas, normally quite large, were all crinkly.

I leaned into him and he released the string tie in the back and my breasts were loose. I pulled off my T-shirt and Ned lifted my bikini top over my head.

He began loving my breasts, suckling, licking, teasing my already erect nipples.

I said, "You're a little overdressed."

Ned responded by whipping off his shirt and dropping his shorts. I had my bikini bottoms and he had his boxers.

I wrapped my legs around his waist and he began dry humping me while we kissed and he explored my breasts with his fingers. I humped back and used my hands on his back to pull him closer.

Ned pulled back to kiss my breasts and all of a sudden we were both naked. He was stroking my groomed pussy and I was stroking his very erect circumcised cock.

I was very wet and thrust forward as a finger slid down my slit, through my vaginal folds, and into me. He could feel how wet I was and kissed his way down my flat stomach to my trimmed pubes. While he loved me orally, with his tongue exploring every fold as well as my hooded clit which was peeking out for attention, I was gripping and stroking his manly rod.

When he came up for air, I pulled him up for a sloppy kiss, tasting myself on his lips, and opened my legs as wide as I could to give him full access. While we kissed, his cock was poking around down there, but couldn't seem to find the spot without some help. I reached down and placed the tip, which was now wet with my juices and his pre-cum, at my vaginal opening and boom, he was in.

I don't remember his size, but even with all the sexercise I have had over the past few days, it took several thrusts to get him fully inserted. I felt full and moved with him as we got into our rhythm of love.

After a few minutes we were fully engaged, his cock was sliding freely in my slick passage and I said, "Ned, when you cum, I want you to cum inside me." This excited him and he kicked it up a notch, thrusting harder and faster.

When he began to swell as he approached his climax, he said, "I'm cuming."

"Fill me up and keep stroking, I'm cuming with you."

"Ohhhh!"

We came together and I could feel stream after stream of warm, creamy cum flooding deep into my vagina. I wrapped my legs around him to hold him deep inside me and kissed him.

We lay like that for fifteen minutes and before we could begin a repeat performance, I heard his gentle snores.

I was pinned beneath him, my vagina was plugged with his soft snake and I was tired and relaxed, so I just drifted off with him.

When I woke several hours later, we were lying side by side and Ned was gently sucking on a breast while a hand caressed my tummy above my pubes. He was gentle and loving and his attention really felt good.

He noticed that I was awake and we began kissing. Real soul kisses. His tongue was gentle, but insistent, and our tongues danced between mouths. With my hand I checked the condition of his cock which was only semi-erect. I stroked it and pulled on it while we kissed and could feel him grow in my hand.

When he was hard, I pushed Ned over onto his back and mounted him. He had full access to my breasts as they bounced and swayed and I had his cock fully imbedded in my vagina. Our pubes met as I ground my pussy in little circles on him.

I began lifting and dropping on him and he began thrusting up to meet me. That little camper started rocking with our actions and I am sure anyone walking nearby would instantly know what was happening inside.

I am normally not very vocal, but as I bounced on Ned I could feel an orgasm building. I don't know if I said words or just made sounds, but I would have alerted everyone within 100 feet when I came.

I collapsed on Ned and, without losing contact; he rolled me onto my back, pulled me to the edge of the bed, stood on the floor, and began pounding into me with all he was worth. His intensity and enthusiasm triggered another orgasm and when he came, I came again as he once more filled me with his cum.

I wanted to do it all over again, but Ned was soft and we both were tired, so still connected at our sex, we both drifted off again.

In the morning when I went to the bathroom and showered, I could hear people coming and going in the parking lot around us.

When I came out of the shower, all clean, Ned took me in his arms and told me how much he had enjoyed making love with me. I told him it had been good for me also and one thing led to another until we were going at it like rabbits again.

We started with me on my back, but moved into a doggy position with me on the bed and Ned standing on the floor. When we moved into a reverse cowgirl, I could watch the people walking past us through the open windows and hear their lewd comments about the rocking camper.

Ned said he needed to cum again, so we moved back into missionary position and he stroked into me with all he was worth. When he came, he was more vocal than he had been all night and I could feel him literally emptying his balls into me.

I can't explain the feeling I have when I get a load of cum deep in my vagina, but to me it is heaven and I don't know if I will ever be able to put it in words.

After while, I showered again, put on my bikini, wobbled bow legged to my car, put the top down and drove back to my dorm sexually satisfied.