 The hustle and bustle of the oversized store was not something Kara wanted to be in at the moment. The pain between her eyes made it hard to concentrate on her friend's back as they made their way through the crowd of people. 

She felt like shit, plain and simple. Why couldn't her friend have just gotten her the medicine she needed, alone, while she, herself, waited in the car? Reaching out, she grabbed hold of the excess shirt on her friend's back. The girl stopped and turned, her brunette hair wafting in Kara's face, just barely missing her nose.

"What?" Selena asked, sounding somewhat impatient.

"Nothing," Kara replied, not really bothering to look her friend in the face. "I just needed to grab a hold of you so I don't get separated. The only thing worse than the shitty way I feel would be feeling shitty while standing there having to listen to my name being called over the store's intercom."

"Well then walk faster," Selena stated simply.

"I'm walking as fast as I can, Sel!" Kara's yelling was no more than the way a normal person would sound when having a polite conversation. "I'm sick, re-mem-ber?"

With a roll of her chocolate-colored eyes, Selena sighed heavily, turned around, and began walking, slower this time. "Happy?"

"Yes, thank you," Kara said with a contented smile on her face.

A few more paces and Kara noticed they were passing by the bathroom. She suddenly had the urge to pee. 

"I've gotta pee."

"What?" Selena turned on her friend, her dark eyes even darker. "We have to get out of here, Kara! This place is a madhouse. If I have to wait for you to-"

"Relax. How about you go get the medicine and I'll go to the bathroom. I'll wait for you right here on the bench if I finish first. That way I don't have to wear myself out and you don't have to wait for me."

Selena thought about it for a moment. "Alright. I'll be right back."

With a happy sigh, Kara walked into the bathroom. Thank God she drank that pint of water in the car on the way over. Now she could rest for a moment.

When she was done she stood in front of the mirror, washing her hands. As she lazily lathered the soap on her hands she gazed at her reflection. Her usually pale skin was even paler today, if that was even possible. Thanks to the added paleness her pink, full lips looked bright red and her sea-blue eyes looked like she was wearing colored contacts, they were so bright. Even her strawberry-blond hair looked ginger next to the paleness of her skin. There were a few good things about being sick, all her best features were made better.

She quickly dried off her hands and left the bathroom. Selena was waiting outside the door, her arms crossed over her meager chest. Kara didn't think she was that good-looking when compared to Selena, but at least she could brag that her chest was considerably larger than her friend's.

"What's wrong?" Kara asked as Selena stood.

"The pharmacy's closed today! Why on earth would a pharmacy be closed on the only day old people actually leave the house!" She threw up her hands to accent her anger.

"Well it is Sunday. Plenty of people stay home."

"Are you out of your mind? Does this look like plenty of people stay home?" Her hands now swept over the entire store. It certainly didn't look like most people stayed home on Sundays.

"Okay, well we'll just go to another store. One that isn't as crowded. And then I'll stay in the car. You don't need me to get the medicine, it's not like they're narcotics."

"Fine, if it'll make things go faster and you'll stop complaining." Selena grabbed Kara's hand and pulled her through the crowd towards the exit doors. As they neared Kara studied all the people around her, a favorite pastime of hers.

Old couple bickering over oranges, mother fighting with her two-year-old, teenager wishing he was at home, guy stocking a display of electronics. Hell-o! she thought as she took a second look at the man stocking the machines. He glanced in her direction then back at his work, then back at her. Kara thought she was seeing things. This guy was cute and he was looking at her! 

She continued to glance at him as they arrived at the doors, then she turned away reluctantly as they passed through them. Her face didn't flush, that much she knew. If her blood hadn't had better things to do at the moment, she knew her cheeks would be bright red.

As they got into the car, Kara turned to Selena with a bright smile. "Did you see the guy stocking the electronics?" she asked.

"Yeah, why?" She started the car.

"He was cute, wasn't he?"

"Yeah. Not my type but he was cute. Why?"

"I caught him looking at me!"

Suddenly, Selena turned to Kara, her eyes wide and a grin spreading across her face. "He was, was he? Why don't you go back in there and talk to him?"

"What? No!" Kara turned away from her friend to stare out the window at a woman loading her three kids into an oversized SUV.

"Why not? You're gorgeous! He won't reject you."

"Number one, I'm too shy and you know it. Number two, I'm sick. I don't want to spread whatever the hell this is to anyone else. No one else needs to experience this level of shittiness."

"Whatever. I'm making you come back tomorrow. I'll talk to the guy if you want."

"No!"

"Too late, I've made up my mind." With that, Selena backed out of the parking space and headed for the next store.

Finally home, finally in bed, Kara sighed happily as she dug her toes into the sheets that were tucked under them. A stuffed animal on either side of her, she wiggled around in the softness that was her bed and comforters. 

Selena walked in carrying a tray with vegetable soup, a grilled cheese sandwich, a glass of water, and a bottle of prescription antibiotics. 

"There, take your pill, eat your food, and go to sleep. I'll be in the living room for the rest of the day. I won't leave unless it's an emergency. If you need anything just yell." She patted Kara on the head and left her room, shutting the door behind her.

Kara considered herself lucky. Selena may seem like a bitch but she got things done and never let her friend stay in a foul mood for too long. You had to know her to understand the bitchiness. It's why she was almost always single. Too many guys didn't want to stay long enough to get to know her quirks. Selena wouldn't allow Kara to coddle her after each break-up. She said that the guy just wasn't the one and went about her life as if nothing had changed.

By the next morning Kara felt much better. It was as if she'd only had a cold and not some weird virus. The pressure between her eyes was gone, her throat wasn't sore, and her muscles didn't ache. 

Around lunchtime Selena informed Kara that they would be heading back to the store to check out the guy who'd been staring. Kara tried to protest but before she knew it she was dressed and in the car heading to the store, her mood considerably dampened.

There weren't as many people as the day before, that much was good. Selena dragged her through the doors and into the store, all the while scanning her surroundings for the employee.

"Is that him?" she suddenly squealed.

Kara looked where Selena pointed and nodded. 

"Good. You stay here and I'll go talk to him." She ran over to the man and tapped him on the shoulder. Kara watched as the man turned. She saw his expression change quickly to surprise, knowing he found Selena attractive, then back to normal. Selena talked, her hands going here and there as she did so. At one point she jabbed a finger back at Kara. The man looked over and smiled then looked back at Selena with a nod. After another minute or so, Selena jogged back to her friend.

"So," she said as she came to a stop. "He said he did notice you yesterday. He's single and he wouldn't mind getting to know you. He has this weekend off if you're up for it. I said you would be."

"What?" Kara blurted.

"What? Well you're looking much better today so I figured it'd be alright. Anyways," she waved her hands in front of her face and shook her head. "I agreed that you'd meet him at that diner on 5th at 8pm on Saturday."

"What the hell'd you do that for?" She groaned. "I'm too shy to go and meet some random stranger at a diner!"

"He's not some random stranger. His name is Max. I expect you to keep your schedule wide open for that day. If I have to I'll dress you myself and carry you into the diner."

"No thanks, I'll do it myself," Kara replied with a resigned sigh.

Saturday arrived and Kara was dreading the meeting. She thought Max was cute but she just wasn't the type to do this sort of thing. Was she going to have enough to talk about? Would whatever she said bore him? Was this considered a date?

Her thoughts buzzed as she fixed her hair, applied make-up, and double-checked that her clothes looked okay. When she had finished primping she walked out into the living room. Selena sat on the couch, a book propped open on a pillow in her lap. She looked up at Kara and whistled.

"Lookin' good, Kar," she commented as she looked her up and down. "I was afraid I'd have to pick out your outfit for you, but I think you did good."

"So happy to please," Kara said sarcastically. "Now I shouldn't be back too late, I'm just going to go and meet with him, chat a bit, then come home."

"Well aren't you a party pooper."

"What?"

"Kar-ra," Selena groaned as she set the book aside and stood. "Max is a very attractive man and you are a very attractive woman. A woman, I might add, that has not gotten any in nearly a year!" She placed her hands on Kara's shoulders as she said this.

"Selena! My sex life is none of your business!"

"Come on, girl! I've been noticing that you've been getting a tad bit bitchy-"

"Look who's talking," she mumbled.

"You need to get laid before you turn into me." She wrapped her arms around her friend and hugged her tight. "I don't think I could live without my sweet, quiet, little Kara."

"Please," Kara said as she pushed Selena off her. "I can assure you I am not having sex tonight. I don't see myself having sex for a good few months, and that's only if I find this guy to be genuinely interesting and we stick together for that long."

"You're no fun. Well I guess you'd better get going. Have fun!"

"No orgies while I'm gone. I'll know if you've had any!" Kara said as she left the apartment.

"Then could I just have sex on your bed?" Selena cried after her.

"No!"

The night had gone considerably well. Kara had fretted over not being able to think of anything to talk about, but was relieved when she found that the guy could talk for the both of them and then some.

He'd had her laughing the entire time, telling her stories of his high school days and things he enjoyed doing while not at work.

Now it was over. He'd been kind enough to pay for her meager meal and they were now heading out to the parking lot. The night was chilly and Kara was glad she'd worn a sweater. She turned to Max with a smile. He stood a few feet away from her, in the direction of his car.

"So, I'll give you a call the next time I'm free. I don't get much free time, though, but I'll be around."

"Sounds great!" She stood there for a moment, unsure of what to do. Glancing at her to-go box she rattled it and then looked up. With a small gasp she took a half step back. Max was right in front her, his breath coming out in small puffs of mist.

"I…" his eyes darted to both of hers the over her face, stopping at her lips. Before she knew what was happening, he'd grabbed her head in his hands, his fingers twining into her hair, and kissed her passionately on the mouth.

Kara was too stunned to do anything at first. She'd never been kissed like this. Then, after a moment, she forgot herself and dropped the box of food, wrapping her arms around Max's neck, kissing him back just as fervently.

He began to take small, but quick, steps backwards, pulling her with him. It barely registered in her mind at how amazed she was that they didn't fall or trip. His car was actually a large truck, which was parked near the back of the parking lot. 

Kara could barely see when she was able to regain enough sense to open her eyes. The nearest light post was about twenty feet away. Suddenly Max whirled Kara around and pushed her against the door of the cab.

She laughed for a moment but continued ravaging Max's lips, as he was hers. Keys jangled and a screeching noise sounded.

"Shit," Max breathed as he pulled away from the kiss. He fumbled with the keys and managed to unlock the door without much light. Kara stepped away enough to allow the door to open. Max looked at Kara, his blue eyes dark, his brown hair tousled, his shoulders heaving as he took breaths. Then he was on her again. His lips crushing hers, his hands around her waist.

He lifted her into the seat of the truck and then climbed in over her. Kara was forced to scoot back and found herself lying flat on the seat that stretched the entire width of the cab. Max had shut the door and was now on all fours on top of her, staring down with a smile.

"Um…Max?" Kara said shakily. She was now beginning to think. There was only one place this was going and she wasn't sure she wanted it to go there. It was nearly a year since she'd last had sex.

"Yeah?" he said breathlessly.

"It's been quite a while for me."

"That's okay." He stopped for a moment and really looked at her. "Well if you mean you don't want to do this, that's fine with me. I don't want to force you."

"Well no, it's just…I don't just have sex. I'm really self-conscious about my body. I'm not the thinnest girl on the planet."

Max laughed, sending shivers through Kara's body; she loved his laugh. "I don't care how small or big you are, I'm not that shallow. I'll enjoy looking at you no matter what."

"Oh…" She giggled quietly. "Well then, I guess you can get on with it."

He started to go down to her but then stopped. "You won't regret it?"

"I don't think so," she replied. "I've not become that attached," she laughed.

"Alright," he said and then lowered himself down to her.

He began by kissing her on the lips again. Then he moved to the side, planting kisses along her jaw, then under her ear. Kara gave a little moan as he kissed down her neck and nibbled at her collarbone. Moving back up, he nipped at her earlobe and then slid his tongue along the outside edge of her ear, exciting a gasp from her.

Kara threw one leg over his buttocks and pulled his hips down to hers, forcing him to grind into her. Max groaned into her ear and Kara gasped again. He pressed his lips into the skin behind her ear and groaned low, making Kara moan.

His lips trailed down her neck and over the skin above her breasts. He stopped and moved down to the bottom of her sweater. Propping himself up on one elbow, he used his free hand to run up under the shirt, pushing it up to her neck, all the while placing kisses and licks here and there on the way up.

When he was at the top he shoved the shirt over Kara's head and left it there where it kept her from using her hands. He moved back to her bare stomach and kissed all over it again. Then, slowly, he kissed between her breasts, over the middle of the bra she wore. She felt his hand slide under her back and could feel him undoing the hooks. Her bra came loose and he shoved that up to rest on top of her sweater.

Suddenly he latched onto her right nipple. Kara gasped loudly, her back arching up at the sudden sensation. There he suckled for a moment, nipping every so often to get a groan out of Kara.

When he finished with that breast he switched to the other, using a free hand to massage the one he'd let go of. Kara moaned and gasped so much her head was beginning to feel light. She could also feel a hot wetness seeping between her lips further down. 

Finally, she could stand it no longer. She sat up, pushing Max back onto his feet. Taking her sweater and bra the rest of the way off, she then reached out and pulled Max's t-shirt off over his head. After he was shirtless, Kara forced him to sit with back against the back of the seat and over to the passenger side.

She straddled his lap as she brought her lips to his and forced her tongue into his mouth. He tasted sweet, like his soda at dinner. As she kissed him, she ground herself onto him, gently pressing into his lap with enough pressure to please him but not hurt him.

Within another moment she moved to his ear, as he'd done hers and began nibbling and licking, all the while moaning low into his ear. He groaned at the feeling of her breath she breathed out onto his wet ear and down his neck.

Ever so slowly, she began to move downward, stopping at his neck and his collar bone to test if he had any hot spots there. Then she kissed her way down his stomach, following his happy trail, her nails gently running over his skin, sending chills through his body,

She came to the top of his pants. Her knees were now on the floor of the cab, her body positioned between his knees. Looking up at him, Kara noticed he was watching her with such intensity that she felt her own wave of chills roll through her. With a mischievous smile she began to unbuckle his belt, unbutton his pants, then unzip them. She found the boxers beneath bulging with his want of her.

Slipping her hand into the opening in his boxers, she reached in and pulled out his member. Gripping it, she could squeeze and it wouldn't give even a centimeter. Slowly, she began at the bottom, licking her way up but never letting her lips touch him.

Bottom to top, then back to the bottom again. Occasionally she'd lick a circle around the tip of him, exciting a gasp from him. Then, with one quick motion, she licked him from the base to the tip and slipped her lips over him. Max groaned and Kara could feel it as she sucked on dick. 

Her tongue rolled against him and she pushed him into her throat, her lips touching the base of him. Pulling up she sucked on the tip, flicking her tongue in circles every so often. Then she'd go back down.

After having done that a few times she pulled her mouth off him and licked up each side of his dick and then reached into his boxers and pulled out his balls. She licked each one quickly and then sucked one into her mouth. Her hand moved up and down his shaft, which had been made slick by Kara's saliva. As she pumped up and down with her hand she sucked and licked his balls.

Suddenly Max grabbed her head and pulled her back to his penis. He pushed her mouth onto him and moved her up and down, faster and faster. Kara took it in stride, moaning here and there, which made him groan even more than he already was.

Not long after that Max put his hands under Kara's arms and pulled her up. He kissed her and began undoing her pants. He shoved them down and then pulled Kara to him so she was straddling him again.

He stuck his fingers to the bottoms of her panties. They were soaked. Kara groaned. He began to rub her through her underwear. She began to moan loudly and pulled her head away as her back bent and she threw her head back.

While she wasn't looking, Max pulled her underwear aside and parted her lips, directly stimulating her clit. She shuddered and brought herself back to him, her hands gripped the back of the seat. Her breaths came hard and fast, wafting a sweet scent over him. 

When she opened her eyes, they remained half-lidded, the blueness in them darkened by her passion. Before he knew what she was doing, she pulled his hand aside and pushed herself onto his shaft.

Both groaned loudly. Kara sat still for a moment, her head on Max's shoulder, one hand on the back of the seat, the other gripping his wrist tightly. Then Max began to move. He bucked gently upward into Kara, making her moan and gasp at the same time. Her head shot up with the motion. 
