 -4-

It was late afternoon when I woke to find Lacey dressed and pacing the room again. It was still raining outside, not torrential now, but steady. 

"Do you think we'll get out of here tomorrow?" she asked, not really looking at me.

"We can hope." I sat up, pulling the sheet across my naked mid-section. The bed was still heavy with the scent of our sex and my cock twitched on seeing her tight jeans stretch on her hips as she moved. She paused as a distant roll of thunder echoed down the valley.

"I need to go out," she muttered, and before I could answer she was out the door, slamming it behind her. I noticed the Jeep keys were still on the dresser, so figured she wouldn't go far in the cool rain. I stood, stretched and headed for the shower. There was still no sign of Lacey after I dried off and dressed. I opened the door and looked around in the drizzling rain, then ran to the diner. She was not there either, so I ordered two sandwiches, some beers and coffee to take back to the room. 

I was getting a little worried. The thunder was getting closer and it would be dark in less than an hour. Looking out the door I sized up the landscape. There was really only one place she could go- across the road were a few hiking trails through the underbrush that led along the river. I walked quickly out into the damp twilight, and waited until I was into the woods, out of earshot of the motel before calling her name. Through the trees I could hear the roaring river, occasional thunder, and.... something high-pitched. Not really a scream, kind of a howl- not of fear or distress, but wild. 

"Laceeeeee!"

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhooooooooooo....."

"LACEY! Is that you?"

"Ahhhhhhh......." it trailed off and I jogged along the path and toward the sound. The brush parted into a small clearing. A hundred feet below, the river hissed, roared and cart wheeled in white splashes over the rocks and just a few steps in front of me stood the girl, looking over the valley, sighing and singing like a banshee. "Ahhhhhhhhhhoooooooooo..." It was dark enough now, that her form seemed to glow vividly in the lightning flashes. Her rain-soaked clothes and hair clung to her, erect nipples tenting her shirt. I could see she had one hand down the front of her jeans, stroking herself rhythmically.  

"Lacey, you're gonna catch pneumonia, Girl. Come on, let's..."

"I need to be fucked, James."

"Honey, we can fuck all night if you want, but please come back with me..." I reached toward her.

"Here..... NOW!" And she opened her shirt letting the cold rain drizzle over those quivering distended tits and opened her jeans, letting them fall to step out of. Turning her back to me, she spread her legs and bent over like a wild animal offering her sex to her mate. I don't know if it was her image in the deep twilight and lightning, the beads of cool rain running over her body, the invitation of her warm cunt in the cold.... or just the unexpected insanity of it all.... but I was hard for her instantly. Shivering, I opened my own shirt, letting my pants fall, and grasping her hips I mounted her. With a clap of thunder my rod stabbed into her quivering slick warmth and I filled her pussy.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhoooooooooooooooooooooo...."

The moment seemed too wild, too basic, too animalistic for words. I groaned and grunted like a mad beast and she cooed with each urgent thrust. The sheer heat of her sex surrounded me in sharp contrast to the cold wind and rain and my hands locked under her against her clit, pulling our loins tighter and harder together as I moaned and growled and humped her faster and deeper.

"AHHHOOOOoooooooooooooo!" and then her sighs and howls broke into staccato squeals as she pushed back to meet each intense thrust.

"Ahhh, Ahhh, ahhh, ahhh, Ooooooooo! Ahhh, ahhh, ahhh ahhh Ooooo!" Suddenly she convulsed inside- it seemed I could FEEL her cervix flutter and press against the head of my penis and her cunt flooded with HOT wetness as she went limp in my grasp. With just one more THRUST, I released and creamed her depths, my shaft throbbing and pulsing inside her hot heavenly hole. We froze tight together, panting and moaning in the cold darkness- shivering in the flashes of lightning.

Back in the room we giggled and clawed at each other under the mercifully hot shower while peeling the cold rain-soaked clothing from our bodies. Once warmed up and dried off, we each put on one of the over-sized, motel-supplied terrycloth robes and warmed our sandwiches in the little microwave.

"I'm glad you got these," Lacey grinned between bites, "fucking out in the cold sure builds an appetite." 

I laughed, then looked at her. "Lacey, can I ask you something and get an honest answer, no hard feelings either way?"

"I told you, I'm crazy. Maybe it was a little weird doing it out there but...."

"No- no, I don't mean that. If that's crazy, crazy is good. What I'm wondering, when we get back to.... to the real world, will we keep doing this?"

"Well..... I hope so. I mean, we should treat ourselves to some fun every now and then. I mean," she sighed," let me put your mind at rest, James. Sex and work don't mix. Anything like this between us is.... just between us, okay? No office talk, none of that crap. What we might do on our own time isn't their business. You good with that?"

"I agree."

"And, I'm not up for any kind of 'relationship.' No strings sex is fun."

"Sure, just so long as.... Well, I don't want...."

"I'm not going to sleep around, James. I don't. I have my fun with one man at a time."

"Or one woman at a time," I teased.

"Okay, honest, I will keep playing with Elaine too. I mean, look at me- two secret lovers, one hot woman and one hot man. How lucky can I get? And like everything between us, that is too, James. Don't you fucking DARE ever let on that you know about her or about her and me."

"I wouldn't. What's private is private. End of story."

It seemed so long as Lacey had a steady diet of wild sex, she was a perfectly sensible young lady. Assuming I could keep up with her, I thought, we'd get along fine through the rest of the trip. She turned the television on to some old black and white movie, leaving the sound barely audible; and we each took a corner of the little two-place loveseat while sipping on beers. Lacey brought her legs up and stretched them across to plant the heels of her feet firmly in my crotch. 

"Can I ask you something personal?" I ventured. "If you don't want to talk about it, I understand."

"Shoot."

I paused to properly construct my words. "I'm no psychologist, of course, but usually women who've had really bad sexual experiences... like what you mentioned in the hospitals... become turned off with the whole idea of sex. But you seem to have.... an incredible appetite...."

"I think," she interrupted, "I made myself concentrate on the feelings and not the situations. I mean, it was the only defense I had. There was no escape- if I fought them they would become crueler and make it worse. So I just took in the physical feelings and blocked out the people using me." 

I nodded while she took a swig of her beer and flexed her feet against my cock through the robe.

"Of course the down-side of that," she continued, "was that the physical stimulation would work. Eventually I would orgasm from it, and their reaction would be, 'oh, she LIKES it!' and do me even more. But that still seemed better than fighting them and letting them get violent."

"I guess I understand," I answered, while casually running my hand along one calf and the top of her foot.

"The other explanation is simpler, though... I am crazy."

I turned to her expecting to see a joking smile, but she was just staring at the television, with no expression. A few moments later she moved her feet in an obvious attempt to stimulate me, and when I looked at her she teasingly rolled her lips and tongue over the neck of the beer bottle as if it were a cock in her mouth. "Some of it was hot, James," she offered as she reversed position to lie against me and slide her hand under my robe. "Like, I was never into anal until a night nurse at Lawntree got to me." She found my tingling cock and teased it between her first two fingers in a scissors action. "This big nurse would take me from my room in the middle of the night and restrain me face-down on a gyno table. She'd pretend to 'examine' me with rubber gloves... then begin using.... objects." I was beginning to get very hard and Lacey wrapped her fist around me, squeezing and releasing in a milking motion. "At least she was nice enough to use lube..... most of the time." 

I was squirming and flexing my hips into her hand, beginning to lube myself. "You make me want you, Lacey," I moaned.

"I know," she taunted. "You want to fuck, Baby? You want to FUCK my ass?"

"Yessss!"

"You want to hump my ass and make me scream and cum like Nurse Julie did?"

"Oh fuck yes!"

Suddenly she jumped up and dropped her robe to the floor, bending over with her hands in the bed, offering her bottom to me. "Fuck my hole now!"

I stood up, letting my own robe fall, and paused. "Do you have......?"

"No lube. Just your pre-cum, James. Stick it in. Stick it in NOW!" My tip was engorged and slick, touching her button as I grasped her hips. "NOW!"

I pulled her to me while making a fucking thrust and my cock head popped through her tightness. I hesitated, trying to be gentle, but she straightened her arms pushing herself back against me hard, and her hot ass enveloped my full length as she squealed, "Oooooooo yessss! Fuck me, you bastard! FUCK me!"

We began to move and groan and with each out-stroke her tight sphincter milked more of my slickness into her. I let one hand wrap around her, tickling her tummy, stroking her mound and clit and then pushed two fingers into her dripping cunt. She began to babble and cry and moan. "More.... MORE! Fuck my hot ass, Baby! I WANT it! FUCK me! Fuck ME!" Her heat surrounded me, my lube squishing gooey and slick against her soft, tight tunnel. "Make me your bitch, James! Make me your bitch like Nurse Julie made me hers. FUCK my hole! FUCK it!"

"Oh god! TAKE it, you tight sweet Bitch!"

"AhhhOoooooo!" she howled, like she had in the woods.

"Be my nasty, dirty BITCH with a COCK up her ass!"

"Oh my god, YES! Ahh-Ooooooooo I WANT it!"

We were rocking and gyrating faster and harder. My one hand strummed at her pussy and clit, covered with her wetness and with my other I slapped her behind between each stroke. "Does my hot bitch want CUM?"

"Oh, FUCK yes! GIVE it to me!"

"You need CREAM on that heat inside you?"

"Pleeeease! AhhhOoooooo PLEASE!"

I SMACKED her bottom harder with a deep thrust. "More?"

"More! MORE, Baby, give your bitch that CUM!"

After another smack I grabbed her hair, pulling her up tight to me almost raising her from the floor. "FEEL it!" I growled, as my first SPURT flooded her depths.

"Oh god, yeah," she cried, whimpering.

"TAKE it!" as I pulled her TIGHT to me again with my second spurt.

"I LOVE it!" she whined, I love it, I love it, I LOVE IT!"

With my third ejaculation we fell forward onto the bed, still connected tightly and I held her to me as the last of our contractions fluttered and her pussy gushed against my hand and she teared up, sobbing and sighing and panting. Finally we quieted and lay still, relaxing- letting all the tension drain from us. 

"I could feel your cum," she whimpered softly. "I could feel your cum filling my ass." I ran my free hand up and down her side and kissed the back of her neck tenderly.

"That was sooooo good, Lacey," I murmured, "so hot....." I wanted to tell her she was a hot, crazy bitch; but thought better of it.