 As our breathing settled, Lacey let go and stretched her arms above her head and her legs out wide and flat, coaxing my spent shaft from her sex. She opened her eyes and looked at me with a smile of contentment. "You're not bad for an old man."

I exhaled sharply and rolled off her to my side, gently cupping her tits with one hand. "Well you're not bad for a young kid," I chuckled. 

We cuddled in silence for twenty minutes or more, and of course that's when I began to think, as good as it felt, that this was probably a mistake. What would be the implications.... now and for our eventual return to the 'real world?' What would be the consequences?.........

As if reading my mind, Lacey stretched again and sat up. "I'm not fertile, James, if that's what you're worrying about. Don't get all weird on me, we're just passing time here." She got up and began pacing again, completely naked, and that's when I noticed the hysterectomy scar. "I had an ovarian cyst a few years ago, just before I started this job; they took out everything that works." Before I could respond, she noticed my cum was dripping down her inner thighs and she went in the bathroom to wipe up. I propped some pillows against the headboard and sat up, pulling a sheet across my mid section. When she returned she planted herself at the foot of the bed, sitting cross-legged. "So how long have you thought about fucking me?"

"Actually, not until you bent over in that towel this afternoon and showed me everything you have."

"I doubt that. I bet you've looked at me around the office and jerked yourself off at night over the idea."

"Not really."

"You're a friggen liar."

"Nothing personal, Lace...."

"Lacey," she corrected.

"Lacey, you're a pretty young girl but I don't have any reason to lie. I just hadn't thought of you sexually."

"Okay," she paused, "fair enough. Who in the company makes you hot then?" 

"Well, I don't know if it's right to...."

"Oh, come on, tell me. I won't tell. We have secrets now, you and I."

"All right..... I bet every guy there has thought about Elaine."

A brief smile crossed her lips. "Good answer, James. I'll bet every guy there believes that rock on her finger and all her talk about her 'hubby' too."

Our receptionist, Elaine was about forty and probably a former fashion model. She stood over six feet in heels, with legs that would make teenaged boys and old men cry. Her trace of a French accent, frosted blonde hair, year-round tan, perfect body and sparkling blue eyes screamed, 'take me!' The sizable diamond on her left ring finger announced she was already taken.

"She just wears that ring to keep guys off her ass," Lacey breathed. "I know, because I've been ON her ass.... and under it, and IN it. I've lapped her sweet pussy-honey and she's licked mine, and if you EVER repeat this I'll KILL you!"

"I'm not saying a thing." Actually, I was imagining this little long-haired wild girl before me doing unspeakable things with Elaine and getting very turned on at the idea. Lacey could tell, and pulled the sheet away to expose my stiffening cock. Looking at it, she continued.

"I've rubbed my stiff nipples on hers, and humped my cunt against her smooth tanned thighs." With that, Lacey reached for me and began to gently, teasingly stroke my erection. "My tongue has touched every INCH of Elaine's body...."

"Oh, shit, Lacey!"

"Turns you on, doesn't it? Knowing I've had what no man ever has or will...."

"Fuck yes!"

"And right now I'm HUNGRY, James. The coffee shop's closed. I need YOU to feed me." She leaned forward, letting her long brown hair sweep across my cock, and then wrapped the tresses around my shaft leaving the tip exposed to her open mouth. Her tongue swirled as she took me in, sucking slightly before she began to bob. This little girl was an expert cocksucker, knowing the thrill was heightened when she emphasized the down-stroke. I moaned and my hips flexed to meet her rhythm. But that wasn't all- after eight or ten thrusts taking me to the back of her throat she paused and looked up at me wild-eyed. "Elaine's tongue is the smoothest thing I've ever had up my cunt," and she mouth-fucked me some more before pausing again. "She has a huge pink strap-on dildo and I've fucked every hole she has with it." More bobbing and then, "and she's fucked MY holes with it even more."

"Lacey! My god!" and she bobbed and sucked harder on my throbbing cock.

"And when she cums she screams in French and makes me crazy for her! FEED me, James!" and when her mouth encircled me again I began to spurt- pulse after pulse of thick hot white cream into her warm wet sucking mouth. With my final release and groan of ecstasy I could feel her hand tighten its grip on the base of my shaft while she lapped and sucked and swallowed. Lacey gripped tighter and tighter, not letting me go soft, her fingernails pressing hard in a sensation of pain and pleasure. With a final gulp of my seed she looked up at me again. "Elaine has fucked my ass, James. Wouldn't you just love to poke this big, hard slimy cock up my tight little asshole?"

I growled and squirmed and trembled. "Lacey!"

"And wouldn't you love to shove it into Elaine after you do me?"

"Ahhhhhh!" She suddenly released her grip, beginning to stroke me fast.

"FEED me, James! More! MORE!" and her mouth engulfed me as I deliriously ejaculated again and again- panting and groaning and twisting under her touch. 

I remember feeling her fingers gently and softly caressing my balls, thighs and stomach.... I remember her chanting, "Good, Baby..... Good, Baby.... Good, Baby....." and then nothing except blissful, satisfying sleep. Minutes- or hours- may have passed before I woke to find Lacey sprawled out on the lower bed sound asleep, using my thigh as a pillow. A tiny dribble of semen oozed from the corner of her contented smile. I sighed and drifted off again.