 Lacey Wentz- yes, that's actually her name- was the staff photographer for the engineering firm where I worked. Her work had appeared in the pages of Architectural Digest and other publications, she was really quite good. She was also quite mad. There were numerous office jokes going around behind her back- that she was in a steady state of PMS, that she was borderline schizophrenic, or at least manic-depressive. Her mood swings were legendary and totally unpredictable- in seconds she could go from being cooperative, friendly and creative to throwing a complete temper tantrum, slamming things down on her desk and storming out of the office. But her work was good enough that her idiosyncrasies were either tolerated or ignored. Actually it was a mystery why she was working in the first place. Her grandfather, Phillip G. Wentz, had founded a string of textile mills through the South, and a chain of radio stations through the Midwest, and her family was worth billions. How she spent her time away from the job was also a mystery- but mostly we didn't care. She had been with our company a little over a year, and was just accepted for doing quality work regardless of her quirks.

Lacey was under 30- very slender with long straight brown hair to the center of her back which she often tied in a ponytail or stacked on her head in a pinned-up bun. She was about 5'7", with small but pert, pointy breasts. Her green eyes seemed either too large for her head, or were always opened abnormally wide, giving her a 'wild' kind of look to go with her sudden mood swings. She came across as a bit of a 'nature child,' since her entire wardrobe seemed to consist of hip-hugger jeans, moccasins and trim white shirts beaded with American Indian designs. She did have a nice smile that was seldom seen, but I never thought of her as attractive or sexy.... actually, I never thought of her at all unless I passed her in the halls or happened to be in the vicinity of one of her fits... and we'd all roll our eyes and go on about business.

At 55, I had nearly 20 years with the Company and found myself already counting the years to retirement. I keep myself in pretty good shape as an avid tennis player in my spare time and my blond hair is still thick but streaked with silver. I've become kind of a troubleshooter for our projects in the field, being sent out to identify problems and find solutions when things do not go as planned.... which is often on big jobs. One of our big jobs was a dam in the gorge of a wild river in the middle of Idaho- and on this day there were problems. The Operations VP called me into his office.

"Ya gotta get out there and see what the hell's going on, Jim. The lead contractor says the south retaining wall just isn't holding as we drew it. Every time there's a rain, they're starting over. You'll have to take Lacey with you to get pictures."

My mind was on the problem, not on his last sentence. "That's the same retaining structure we used on the Three-Forks job and it's never failed. I don't think those guys know how to drive a bulldozer."

"That's what I'm sayin'. So grab Lacey and get your asses on the next plane west."

"Huh? Lacey? Travel with Lacey?"

"We need pics, man. You can ignore her whining for two days- just get out there."

In no time it seemed I was on a plane with Lacey Wentz, connecting through Atlanta, then Kansas City, then Denver where we boarded an old turbo-prop liner that seemed to stop in every cow pasture of an airport before our final landing. She squirmed and complained the whole time, until that last stretch when she finally napped out. Sleeping, she looked peaceful, even pretty, but my thoughts quickly re-focused on her unpredictable personality... and the assignment ahead. We rented a Jeep and loaded our bags for the 40-mile drive to our motel on a winding road along the river, and the whole time Lacey rooted though her bags saying she'd kill somebody if any of her camera gear was damaged. The weather was gray and misty, and was looking worse with every mile. By the time we reached a flat clearing where the 12-room motel sat, the sun was setting and a light rain began to fall. As we checked in and unloaded, the neon sign out front snapped and sizzled from "MOTE" to "MOTEL" with each raindrop. But the real bad news was this- the construction companies working on the dam had every room in the place booked except one. I was going to have to bunk with the crazy girl.

Sharing a room didn't seem to bother Lacey in the least; it was almost as if she was expecting it. Despite the ratty exterior, the room was big and clean- two queen-sized beds, and spacious bath, TV, heat and air. We dropped our stuff and hit the attached coffee shop for a late hamburger dinner. A few of the construction crew were in there and all eyes were on Lacey, who was probably the only woman they had seen in weeks other than the rotund, gray-haired wife of the motel owner. Oddly, I found myself feeling protective of her, but she completely ignored the attention, ate her burger and fries, and made small talk of how we could knock this assignment out in one day and be home for the weekend.

Somewhere in the middle of the night I was awakened by the boom of thunder... then another and another and the wash of rain on the roof grew louder and louder. I rolled over and focused my eyes on the large picture window, realizing the curtains were open and with each lightning flash I could see the silhouette of Lacey, obviously naked, standing there staring out into the storm. Despite her usual hip huggers and tight shirts, I'd never really taken notice of her curves before now, and at first there was something sensual about the image—but as the intense storm grew even more intense there seemed to be something disturbing, almost supernatural, about seeing this tall, long-haired, somewhat crazy girl standing there silently looking out into the fury of the night. I suddenly felt a chill, pulled the covers up over my shoulder and rolled over trying my best to go back to sleep despite the noise. Somehow I drifted off.

A voice from the television woke me to a gray morning. Some "Idaho AM" show from Boise was giving farm reports. Lacey was up, dressed in her usual and sipping coffee she'd brewed in the complimentary hot cup on the counter. The thunder had passed but it was still pouring outside with waves of white noise from the rain rising and falling with the gusts of wind. 

"It's not looking good out there, James. I think we should get the hell out of this dump."

I sat up and rubbed my eyes. "Well, let me call the office and....." that's when I realized there was no phone in the room. Cell phones were useless out here in the mountains, so I'd have to go to the motel office to call home. I grabbed my shirt and pants and headed into the bath. Lacey never batted an eyelash at my marching across the room in boxers- well, I didn't expect her to. She undoubtedly had all the young hard bodies she needed waiting for her back home.... or whatever she did for companionship. That was the first moment I thought, 'hell, she might even be gay for all I know.' I came out dressed and took in the less than promising weather report and satellite picture on TV as I made coffee for myself. Of course neither of us had packed any rain gear- it would be a run to the office. 

"You want to run with me for some breakfast?"

"No, I'm not much of a breakfast person. Coffee's fine." 

I dashed out into the blast, soaked through to skin just a few feet out of the door. Even for the middle of July, the rain felt like ice. I shivered and ran.

"Max, things aren't good out here," I nearly shouted into the phone to be heard over the downpour on the roof.

"What?"

"It's pouring, man. It's like were under Niagara Falls outside."

"Well, have you seen a weather report? Didn't you check before...."

"Yeah I checked. This front was supposed to blow east, but it's stalled and come south. We'll be socked in her for two days, maybe three."

"Oh crap. Look, it'd cost a bundle to bring you home and send you back out there on Monday. Can you stick it out a few days? Rain might be a plus- we'll see what's really happening with that retainer."

"Yeah, we'll see alright. If this keeps up we'll see the whole friggin' job wash away. Well I can stick it out, but I don't know about the girl."

"Oh the girl.... tell her to relax.... think of it as two days of peace and quiet with no work to do..... a mini-vacation."

"I don't know.... She's weird, Max- you know that. I feel like I'm sharing a room with a rattlesnake." 

"Rattlesnake, yeah. She's a kid, Jim. She needs to learn that things don't always go smooth in the real world of work. Stay there till the weather breaks, find out what's going wrong, get pictures, come home. Simple as that."

By this time I wasn't feeling much like breakfast either. I shoved some extra coffee, sugar and creamer packets deep into my pocket and ran through the torrent back to the room. When I explained the situation to Lacey, she just let out a long sigh, dropped into a chair and stared at the droning television. I went into the bath, put on dry clothes and flopped on my bed. The loud hissing rain on the roof put me back to sleep in short order. The next thing I was aware of was a tugging on my sleeve.

"It's just after noon. I suppose we should go see what they brew up for lunch in this asylum."

I thought 'asylum' was a curious word choice. The rain had let up only slightly- and we were soaked by the time we got to the diner. I was glad none of the construction guys were there. The cold rain had made Lacey's white shirt nearly transparent and she obviously was not wearing a bra underneath. Her pointed nipples were erect and flushed and I tried not to stare. She didn't seem to notice. After lunch back in the room she didn't bother to put on a dry shirt. She toyed with the TV, finally switching it off and began pacing the room like a caged animal. Her wide wild eyes grew even wilder.

"Fuck! There isn't even satellite in this hole... four or five dumb channels piped in from Podunk." She paced some more. "Nothing to watch, nothing to read, nothing to do." I was about to suggest I'd run back to the office to see if they had any books or magazines laying around when Lacey suddenly turned sharply, marched to the bath and slammed the door. Five minutes went by, then ten, then fifteen. I was about to sit up and ask if she where OK, when I heard the end of a soft moan... then another.... then rhythmic groans and sighs. Damn! No question about it, Lacey Wentz was casually masturbating in the bathroom not eight feet away from me. 'Well,' I thought, chuckling silently to myself, 'if it passes the time and keeps her calm, more power to her.' I didn't want her to be embarrassed coming out, so I said just loud enough for her to hear, "I'm running to the office," and went out the door. In what passed for a lobby, I found a few old copies of People Magazine and a few dog-eared paperback novels. I made small talk about the weather with the owner to give Lacey some more private time. When I returned she was still in the bathroom, but now I heard the shower running. I was sitting up on the bed reading when the door opened and she casually crossed the room to her suitcase with only a towel wrapped around her head and another wrapped around her body. I tried not to notice, but when she leaned over her firm bottom and smooth sex were obvious. She paused, and then turned to me.

"You're not uncomfortable about this, are you?" 

I looked up from the magazine pretending I had just noticed her. "Umm no. Actually.... you're a lot prettier than I ever noticed," I said chuckling in an attempt to put her at ease. She just stared at me, unsmiling and hesitantly replied, "Ohh-kayyyyy," before returning to the bath. 

By evening the People magazines were old news and the two Tom Clancy and one Danielle Steele novels failed to hold our interest. The rain continued to roar, and Lacey began pacing again muttering incomprehensibly under her breath and occasionally pausing to seemingly kick an invisible object. I knew if I were to suggest she sit and relax it would trigger a rage. Suddenly she flopped onto her bed, exhaling loudly and lay perfectly still for half a minute before rolling on her side to face me with her head propped on one elbow.

"I'm crazy, you know."

I looked up from the page I'd been reading. "It's been said."

"Yeah I'm sure." She began playing with her hair. "They don't know the half of it. I've spent..... years in institutions." That got my attention. I looked at her, questioningly. "Locked up, tied down, medicated, counseled, studied, analyzed.... raped, abused and tortured."

I set my book down. "You want to talk about it, Lacey?" Really, I was getting slightly scared and thought about the rattlesnake analogy I'd used to Max over the phone that morning. She stood up and began pacing again.

"Oh, they had the best of intentions, that fucking family of mine. 'Lacey is just a little disturbed; we'll get her on pills and she'll be fine.' Then it was, 'Lacey is an embarrassment to the fine WENTZ name; let's lock her away and pretend she never happened.' The fucking idiots have NO idea what goes on in those places, NOBODY does unless they've been there. I had doctors AND nurses who were supposed to be healing me use every hole I have to get themselves off!" She crashed on the bed again, sobbing and I wasn't sure if I should try to comfort her or ignore her. "But I fooled them." She sat up, wiping her eyes. "I played their fucking games, I took their fucking tests, I behaved like a good little girl and 'Oh, we'll let Lacey out to adjust to society.' Well here I am." She seemed like a bomb ready to go off and I secretly hoped she'd run back into the bathroom and play with herself again to defuse the impending explosion. Instead, she suddenly announced, "I'm going out," opened the door, and vanished into the cold, wet twilight. 

My first instinct was to run out after her, bring her back inside and try to calm her down... but then I thought against it. After all, she's almost 30. She's an adult responsible for her own actions. Let her cool off out there, she'll be back before dark. She wasn't, and I began to seriously worry. It was after 9:00 and I ran to the office to find it and the diner closed and locked. I crossed the road and looked along the river bank, calling her name a few times through the deafening rain.... nothing. I went back to the room and began pacing myself. By 11:00 I heard distant thunder rolling down the valley again. Where could she be in such a dismal chilling downpour? I had the keys, so I knew she hadn't taken the Jeep. I was thinking of going out and driving up and down the road a ways when I heard running up to the door. She burst in, trembling, completely soaked with distended nipples about to break through her wet shirt, out of breath but.... for the first time since the beginning of our trip... smiling! Between chattering teeth she muttered, "Hot.... shower!" and ran into the bath.

An hour later the door opened with a puff of steam and she emerged, completely dried off, in dry clothes, looking pretty much like her usual self. I wanted to ask where she had been, what had happened, but thought that might set her off again so I just matter-of-factly said, "Well, you missed dinner- whatever it may have been."

"I'm not interested in food," she replied nonchalantly.

"Neither was I, really. I just....." She began pacing again, but less aggressively this time. Then she stopped and turned toward me as I stood up. 

"James, I think we should fuck."

I nearly swallowed my tongue. "And why would you think that?"

"It's something to do. It will pass the time. I'm going stir-crazy here."

"I noticed," I replied with a grin. "So we've never even touched each other or kissed and you just want to suddenly fuck?"

"Oh, we can take care of that right away..." and with that she placed her arms on my shoulders lifting herself, wrapped her legs around me tight and drove her lips to mine hungrily. Our mouths twisted and nibbled at each other, pulsed and opened letting our tongues entwine. No doubt she could feel my hardness growing against her and she tightened her legs and ground her pelvis against me. Before long we had dropped to her bed and were undressing each other. Her wild streak seemed to return as we clawed at, tore and discarded clothing. There was no time for me to hesitate or think that I should not be doing this with a co-worker, much less the 'crazy girl.' Each inch of exposed flesh brought new delights and awakened new hungers. I caressed and kissed her curves, her breasts, and her flat flawless stomach. She pulled at my nipples with her teeth, scratched at them with her nails and sucked them hard. I held her face, kissed her forehead, licked and tongued her ears and neck and reached to flutter my fingers between her legs. Her nipples were full and hard and more magnificent than anything I imagined looking through her wet shirt. I wanted to possess them and touch them in every way possible- caressing, licking, kissing sucking and finally sliding up to press the underside of my rigid shaft to each, leaving a trace of my dripping honey behind. Wide-eyed, she grasped me in both hands and devoured me with her lips- kissing, sucking and rolling her tongue over the head. She looked up at me with fire in her wild eyes and moaned, "I want you in me right now! I NEED you IN me RIGHT NOW!"

We re-positioned and with a sigh of relief I felt her moist silky sex lips part and engulf me. I gave a slow gentle thrust until I was completely buried in her and we held each other tight, kissing and trembling. Slowly, tentatively we found our rhythm and began to move together perfectly. Her hips rose to meet each thrust and she began letting out little squeals and growls in time with our fucking. Her eyes seemed to roll back in her head and her mouth hung open, tongue circling her lips over and over until I kissed her and captured it with mine. Moaning and bucking together, I began to kiss a trail across her cheek, down her neck, lapping and sucking at a breast. She groaned and sighed and surprised me by letting loose a torrent of hot talk.

"Fuck me, FUCK me you dirty man! DRIVE that big hard cock right up my hot CUNT! DO it, you FUCKER! Deeper! HARDER! Give me your fucking cock! MORE! Fuck my CUNT! I want that big hard thing IN me! FILL me! Make me CREAM you bastard!" Her complete release of inhibitions and wild squirming and cursing inspired me.

"TAKE it, Girl! Take this COCK deep in your CUNT! All the way, Baby!" I held her tight, rolling my thumbs over her stiff nipples as I kissed and sucked across her shoulders, neck and ears.

"That's IT! That's the way. DO ME! Make me your WHORE, you FUCKER! Give me cock, GIVE me COCK! I NEED it!" 

"You need to CUM, you little SLUT! I wanna feel your hot wet CUM on my fucking COCK!"

"Oh YEAH!"

"I'm FILLING you with COCK and then I'm going to FILL you with CUM!"

"Oh SHIT!" she grasped and clawed at my hips and bottom, pulling me even tighter to her, deeper in her. "FUCK me! FUCK ME!" 

"Let it go," I urged her, knowing I couldn't hold back much longer myself. "CUM for me, Lacey; let it GO, Girl! GIVE me your hot STUFF!" 

"Oh god yeah, yes! Yes! YESSS!" I could feel her walls pulse and contract on me, the tip of my cock buried deep in her felt her flood of heat and.... "Ahhhhh, AHHHH!" her hips flexed and she bit my shoulder with her scream. I pulled out of her and quickly thrust back in hard, deep as I exploded in her.... spurting, spurting and spurting again. We clutched at each other trembling until the wave passed.