 "Lynn, I wanted to ask you something," said Will, becoming more uncomfortable with every word. Usually, this was his favorite thing to do in the world, just sitting on his sofa with his new amazing friend.

Sensing his discomfort, Lynn felt herself become anxious in turn as she said uncomfortably, "What is it?"

"I was wondering if you wanted to go with me on an out of town trip, but I don't want you to feel any pressure, and I'm not trying to pressure you, or push you into something you don't feel comfortable with, it's just that I need to go to a meeting at a really nice place, and I know the timing is awkward, but I wanted to invite you, and I just feel like I have no choice but to ask you even though I know it's uncomfortable," said Will, apparently speaking to Lynn's bare knee that was peeking out from the bottom of a sleek sundress.

Lynn was already having a strange day, that now seemed to be getting completely away from her. She began to vividly recall the events of the day prior to getting to the mix of comfort and discomfort she felt on Will's sofa.

By 11 o'clock that morning, she had already been so consumed with desire for Will that she'd found her hand pushing and rubbing against her thighs and crotch under her desk at work. Finally, unable to think rationally, she'd felt as if some force compelled her to lock herself into the nursing room at work. Only one person in the office was nursing, and Lynn hoped she didn't need to pump now, since Lynn's pussy was now guiding her actions. She lay back in the dark on the cozy loveseat, and unzipped her pants to allow her fingers access to her moist panties. She sighed in relief as her fingers found their way to her clitoris, and she began rubbing herself in earnest, imagining herself nude, in turn being ravaged by a completely nude Will, when she heard the doorknob jiggle against it's locking mechanism. Her heart jumped and her stomach cringed. She thought about losing her job.

Now the knock came. "Is someone in here? I need to get in." It was Amber. Lynn looked at her breast pump kit on the table and felt ashamed and miserable. She pulled her pants up and opened the door.

"Lynn! What are you doing in here? Is there something you haven't told us?" joked Amber, trying to make light of the situation. Lynn began sobbing, and Amber immediately closed the door and took Lynn back to the loveseat.

"Sweetheart, what's the matter?" asked Amber, with maternal concern. Amber was in her thirties, and married to Dave, who was Will's residency director at the hospital.

"I met a doctor at the Memorial Day party at your house and we've been spending almost every evening together and I love him like I've never loved anyone else," sobbed Lynn.

"So what's wrong, Sweetie?" cooed Amber, her arm around Lynn's shoulders.

Lynn stopped crying and pronounced: "I'm just afraid I'll mess it up, or he'll get sick of me, or something." She stared at Amber's breast pump.

"Who is it?" asked Amber.

"His name's Will, he's finishing his first year," said Lynn.

"Oh my gosh, I know Will, Dave says he's one of their best residents. A good man. Dave has told me some really good things about him," said Amber encouragingly.

"I'm a virgin and I'm afraid to sleep with him and I want to sleep with him and I don't want him to think I'm a slut or a prude," blurted out Lynn, with some sense of relief.

Amber tilted her head against Lynn's and waited to see if there was more coming, but Lynn just kept staring at the breast pump in front of them.

"I've got a couple of thoughts. From what I've heard about Will, you just need to tell him what you've told me, plus anything else you want to tell him. No matter what, I know that he will treat you with respect and work hard to find a positive solution, no matter what it ends up being," said Amber softly into Lynn's ear. "Also, when I get done pumping, I think you need to come back in here relieve your stress manually." Now Lynn was able to smile, and she gave Amber a quick squeeze and left her to pump.

Thinking again about Amber's advice while sitting next to Will, Lynn blurted out "I've been really stressed out because I'm really, really interested in you and I don't want you to think it's only because you're a doctor or money or anything like that and I'm afraid you'll get tired of me or that I'll mess something up and you'll be disgusted with me, like you'll get frustrated because I won't sleep with you, or you'll think I'm just interested in sex if I sleep with you, or I'll scare you off by convincing you I'm crazy and will just mess up your life." She willed herself not to cry, not wanting Will to feel any more manipulated by her.

After a long pause, Will asked "Lynn, can I hold you?" She cuddled next to him, feeling his heavenly arms around her, and began sobbing for the umpteenth time that day.

As her sobs trailed off into sniffles, Will began speaking softly into her ear: "Lynn, I think you're an amazing person. I want to do anything I can to make this relationship work. I don't want to have sex until you do, no matter how long that is, but I also won't think badly of you if we were to make love tonight." At these words, Lynn began to feel lightheaded. If she'd been standing, she may have fainted. "I have to go to Scottsdale, and I'll be staying at an amazing hotel, and I want to share it with you because I've never met anyone like you and I want to spend as much time with you and share as much with you as possible."

More clearly and coherently, Lynn began speaking again. "I think part of what stresses me out is that I'm a virgin, and I love you so much that it scares me."

After another pause, Will said "This isn't just about sex, Lynn. I mean, I would love to make love to you, but that's only part of my interest in you," said Will solemnly. "And I would feel terrible if my lust for you made you feel bad, so just tell me how you're feeling, because I need to know so I can be the best friend possible to you, OK? Also, I think one good thing about this trip, is that it will give us a few days together without my job interfering."

Impulsively, Lynn asked "Will, can we please take off all our clothes and make love on your bed, please?"

Now it was Will's heart's turn to pound, and he felt his mouth become dry. "Well, yes, but I don't think I have any condoms, for one thing," he stammered.

"I think it's OK. My period's going to start in a few days, I think that might be part of why I'm so crazy," said Lynn.

"I don't think you're crazy, and that's a professional opinion," said Will as he stood and took her hand. "Would you like to take a nice hot shower together before we go to bed?" asked Will. Lynn simply looked up at him and nodded while staring into his eyes.

The white noise and warm steam from the showerhead relaxed them both, and they began silently stroking and washing each other's bodies. Will's erection had begun as soon as he saw Lynn's nude bottom, and was unremitting. He allowed himself to stare openly at her pert breasts, and Lynn felt herself get even hotter from being the object of Will's affection.

Afterwards, they lay on Will's bed, leisurely kissing and holding each other, feeling unrushed now that they had communicated their mutual desires to each other. After Will had spent some time manually stimulating Lynn, and her cheeks were flushed and her mouth gasping for more, Will gently began rubbing the leaking tip of his penis in between Lynn's slickened labia majora. With a gentle side to side motion, they opened widely, exposing her pouting labia minora, and her erect clitoris. Will was surprised at how easily his cock was essentially sucked fully into Lynn's hot passage, and she reflexively wrapped her legs around him and pulled him deeper inside her as he began gently thrusting in and out of her, certain he would come at any second, despite trying as hard as he could to last as long as possible.

"Stop! Something's wrong!" panted Lynn, sounding worried.

Will froze. "Are you OK? What happened?" he asked, feeling more scared than any patient emergency had made him feel all year.

Lynn felt beneath herself, looked at her hand, and exclaimed, "I'm bleeding!"

"Did I hurt you? Are you OK?" asked Will, his voice sounding panicked.

"No, it feels great, but I ruined your bed!" cried Lynn, covering her face.

"Lynn, we can wash the bed, it's normal to bleed at first intercourse, I'm just glad I didn't hurt you," said Will, his penis deflating, and a tear falling from his ear. He lay on top of her, holding her tightly and kissing the top of her head.

Lynn luxuriated in the warm feelings of love and acceptance Will instilled in her, then felt her pussy begin to insist on more fucking. "Will, can you get a towel for me to lie on and keep fucking me until your gorgeous cock explodes inside me?" said Lynn. Will felt as if he were suddenly in bed with a completely different person, and he immediately followed her command.

After just a minute or so of Lynn's obscene commands and commentary, Will lost his battle to hold his orgasm in check, and he cried out involuntarily as he felt the long awaited release. For the first time in his life, however, his erection didn't collapse at orgasm, and he still felt the urge to continue thrusting inside his lover's vagina. He continued, and was able to focus entirely on Lynn's needs, experimenting with ways to drive her crazy with his cock, either by cramming it as deeply inside her as it would go, pushing her cervix higher into her abdomen, or teasingly kissing and stroking her clitoris with his glans.

After nearly ten minutes of continuous banging, Lynn's words became indecipherable, and she began moaning and crying like an animal. Her hair was wet with sweat, and her breasts glistened as Will continued his relentless thrusting. Her cries rose in volume and ferocity, then her body shook and shuddered as her body melted into his. Will felt himself come again, then he collapsed next to her, his hand resting on her slick leg for comfort.

"I love you," panted Will.

"I love you too," said Lynn with a smile as she stared happily at the ceiling fan lazily spinning above them.