 Will was driving his car on the highway, as he always did on Saturday before he met his friends at a bar where the drinking session would last till 10 in the night. Then he would go home... home, was it home? Four walls and a TV and a refrigerator did not make a home. Living alone at 35 ... how could he be at home. He had a woman for some time, just living together, till she made it clear she preferred a bigger city. When he refused to move from the town where he had grown up, she moved on. He had a house and had his own garage where he took care of all types of bikes and cars brought to him by regular customers who were mostly his longtime friends. Now he lived comfortably, driving different vehicles and never out of cash or fun. 

As Will drove his car whistling a tune, he saw a woman by the roadside wanting to hitch a ride. He stopped and thought the blue jeans and black shirt did justice to her body but he couldn't see her eyes as she sported sunglasses. He tried to guess her age as she got in and sat by his side. 

"I am going into town..." he said.

"Any town is fine with me. I wanna stay in some place where I can good food too. I won't be here for long, never stayed longer than two days in any town. Can you find a place for me?" she said in a calm and composed tone.

He nodded. This was not an ordinary woman. She was used to travelling alone and staying where ever she wanted. Must be a hippie but she was alone and he could call her a hobo but for her neat dress and nail-polished fingers. She must be one of those who went away for some time in search of peace and, when the world proved to be more cruel than home, would go back. He wanted to tell her his house was big enough to accommodate her, but would she find something amiss if he did so? What the hell, a woman travelling alone would be ready for anything, including an invitation to stay. 

"You can stay in my house, if you don't mind," he said boldly.

"If you have no family, no dogs or cats, I don't mind giving it a try," she smiled at him.

"None of those. I run a garage and that is it."

"That's cool. I love bikes and cars. Anyway it is for some time. How much should I pay you?"

"We can decide that when you leave."

"Ok, Let me buy something to eat, I'll stock up for two days."

He stopped his car near a store and she went in. While waiting he called his constant drinking partner and told him about his encounter with the woman.

"I tell you something. You be careful with these types. They will be lady-like and all that and the next morning, you will find her missing and many things in your house, too. I will watch out if I were you." he finished.

He thanked him for his sober advice (drunken advice would come between 7 and 11 p.m.) and was sure the news would spread among their circle that he had a woman staying with him. That was okay as he didn't mind being talked about, in fact he liked to be linked with women; one of the advantages of being unattached.

She came back carrying two bags and placed them in the back seat and they left for home. As he parked in front of his house, she exclaimed: "That's a nice place."

Once inside the house he took her to a room and told her she could stay there and left her alone and began watching TV.

She came out in five minutes, wearing a white shorts and yellow top. She was nice looking and he put her age at around 30. Well, he would ask her later. 

"Don't ask my name and too much about me and you won't be snubbed. I love wandering like a hermit, gypsy, hobo or whatever you call such people. I am not scared of men harming me, as I know karate and can sense bad people."

Karate! Well, karate meant he should not surprise her by walking up on her suddenly etc which she might see as an attack. She could sense bad people and hence could sense good ones, too. He had nothing to fear as he never had evil designs on her.

"Since you agree to stay with me, I assume you consider me a good man. That makes me feel better, to be trusted," Will said and remembered what his friend had said. It is not a question of her trusting him but the other way round.

They talked for sometime and went to look at the vehicles at his garage which was behind the house. 

"I love bikes, big ones," she said and walked around one and sat on it and pretended to ride it. 

Will showed her the bikes which he was repairing and they talked about vehicles for some time. Then they went inside, had dinner and she went into her room. He slept on the sofa and stayed awake for long, wondering about this mysterious woman who had walked into his life. It was then that his friend phoned to give him the drunken advice: "Man, I tell you, fuck her, if you have not done that already. Fuck her. This is a dish that has come to you on a platter, don't miss it. Fuck her." Will thanked god the advice was brief and fell asleep soon.

A sound woke him up and he found her arranging breakfast on the table. She had not run away as his friend had warned.

"Good morning," she said when he saw him sit up and stretch.

"Good morning," he yawned and went to the table. Nibbling a sandwich, he found she was energetic, a morning person. 

"I love to get up early and have breakfast, however late I go to sleep. What about you?"

"I hang out with my friends till 11 and sleep. Mostly, I wake up late."

"Do you have many friends?" she asked.

"Hmm ya. Since I grew up here, I know the whole town."

Will wondered whether he could ask so many questions as she did. They finished breakfast and he went to the backyard to work on a bike. Soon she followed him and watched him take of his shirt. He could sense that she was taking in his well-toned body, flat stomach and biceps and he flexed his muscles for her benefit. Now and then he looked at her and smiled and noticed she had no intention of taking her eyes off him. He was squatting and repairing the bike when she came and stood close to him, letting him see her sexy thighs. He looked up and saw her round boobs and let his eyes roam all over her body. She was hot, no doubt. 

"I love bikes, they sort of arouse me," she said spreading her thighs and then closing them, as if to indicate she was getting ticklish at the love junction. 

"I never saw bikes as sexy or arousing," Will lied. Sometimes he would get an erection while driving a car or bike which he had repaired as he thought driving a new vehicle was like being with a new woman. 

"The body of bikes and, of course, men arouse me. I feel hot and wet and expand down there when I see them. A bike and a shirtless man are enough to make me twitch a lot where it matters," she said and smiled in a sexy manner with a tinge of shyness.

He had an erection and it felt pleasant as the bulge moved inside his underwear.

"I like to imagine a nude man and woman on a bike..." she said as he got up, their eyes meeting and locking.

"He rides her from behind..." Will continued.

"Hmm much more ...Want something to drink? she asked abruptly and went inside and he followed her, putting on his shirt.

"Oh! Why did you put on your shirt?" she asked handing him a beer can.

"Why are suddenly talking sex?" he asked slowly removing his shirt.

"I am natural. I am whimsical and go by instinct. When my senses go crazy, I am like that. Those bikes and your physique stir me much. I am still wet, oh! god. Are you aroused?" she said looking at him intensely.

He nodded and she came and sat next to him and her left hand fell on his thighs and her right hand traced his muscular contours on his chest and belly. 

"I am going to sit on the bike nude at midnight and I expect to see that and do what is natural for you to do," she said and continued stroking his hard on. He reached out and touched her breasts, and she kissed his cheek. 

"We will continue at midnight," she winked teasingly and he nodded and went out to check a friend's car. His thoughts centered around the woman and her strange ideas of arousal and sex. Did she like sex in bed or only on bikes and cars, or was she just a tease? He wondered what was in store for him and decided the best way to find out was to wait till midnight.

(To be continued)