 As he opened the fridge to grab a fresh beer, the phone rang. Great, just what I need, he thought. I was hoping to just have a quiet night at home for a change.

"Hello?"

"Hey, Alex! It's Jonathan," said the unwanted caller. "What are you doing tonight, pal? I was going to go check out the new 7-11 club tonight?"

"Oh hey, Jon, I was just planning on enjoying a lazy night in front of the TV. It's been a really rough week. Besides, what's the 7-11 club, anyhow? Sounds like an upscale convenience store."

"Ha! It's much better than that. They say that it's called 7-11 because the women's legs are always open! Supposedly, it's the hottest place in town. So, c'mon, man, you've gotta go," Jon pleaded.

"All right, I'll meet you down there at 10." As he hung up the phone, Alex downed his freshly opened beer, wishing he could have thought of any reason to get out of tonight. If I tried, he just would have kept calling until I agreed, Alex admitted to himself. Oh well, maybe I'll actually meet someone worthwhile for a change... Not realizing what the night had in store for him.

* * * * *

Damn it! It's 10:40 and still no sign of Jonathan. Maybe the bastard went inside without me, Alex grumbled as he paid the $20 cover charge and stumbled into the crowded bar. As Alex pushed his way to the bar, he found it hard to concentrate through the constantly flashing lights and the heart-pounding music. Ordering a Captain Morgan and Coke, Alex leaned back against the bar while trying to spot his friend.

As he polished off his first drink and ordered another, Alex finally spotted Jonathan. "Ahh, there he is," he mumbled to himself.

"What a shame. You're looking for a guy?," asked a sexy Southern voice just over Alex's right shoulder.

"What? Oh...uh...no." Alex stammered as he turned to see one of the sexiest looking women he'd ever laid eyes on. Drinking in her lovely visage, Alex noticed that she was about 5'7" with a slender build, light brown shoulder-length hair, lovely brown eyes, a killer smile...and large well-formed breasts barely contained within her tight red sweater. After swallowing hard, Alex struggled to continue. "Ummm...no, I'm not...well, I am...but not in the way that it might seem. I was supposed to meet a buddy of mine here about 45 minutes ago and didn't see him until just now."

"I see. Well, I'm glad to hear that you've found him...and that you weren't looking for just him tonight," she answered coyly as she sipped rather provocatively on her margarita straw. "My name is Jana," she whispered breathily as she extended her hand.

Taking her hand and bringing it softly to his lips, Alex replied, "It's a pleasure to meet you, Jana. I'm Alex. You know, I was told this was a 'friendly' bar, but I didn't expect to meet a friend so soon. Would you care to dance?"

"I couldn't think of a better partner," Jana said as she grasped Alex's hand, following him to the dance floor and admiring his 6-foot, muscular build as they went.

The song switched from a bubblegum pop song as they entered the dance floor, to a sultry, rhythmic R&B tune. Spinning around in front of Alex and grinding her back against him, Jana enjoyed the teasing effect she was having on him and could quickly feel the firm results pressing against her ass. Alex ran his hands up and down Jana's sides, hiking up her skirt so that he could feel her bare thighs against his fingertips, then bringing his hands up higher, caressing the sides of her breasts, then cupping them completely—feeling Jana's already hard nipples burrowing into his palms.

As the thumping rhythm continued flowing through their veins, inciting their already intense passion for one another, Alex guided Jana into a dark corner of the dance floor, barely visible from any other portion of the bar. Once within their semi-seclusion, Alex quickly turned Jana back towards him, kissing her lustily as she grinded her body against his.

Without a word between them, Alex pressed his body more firmly against Jana's, pinning her against the wall as his kisses trailed down her neck and along the top of her luscious breasts. With only a soft whisper to egg him on, Alex continued his advances. Lifting Jana's sweater above her breasts, Alex's mouth was instantly drawn to the swollen nipples pressing tightly against her bra. Circling each swollen tip with his tongue, Alex suckled on Jana's full, luscious breasts, pulling the front of her bra down to expose them completely.

As the song changed and lights continued to swirl around the bar—only occasionally flashing on their erotic encounter—Jana writhed beneath the ministrations of Alex's tongue. She moaned huskily and arched her breasts into Alex's face, slipping her palms beneath her mammoth breasts and pressing them further into Alex's eager mouth. 

Unsatisfied to just suck and nibble on her tantalizing flesh, Alex's hand ventured further down Jana's sexy body. Reaching beneath the hem of Jana's skirt, Alex's hand glided up to the moist center of her thighs, softly circling the wet spot on Jana's panties with his thumb.

Trying to restrain her moans of pleasure, Jana bit and screamed into Alex's neck—unsure if she wanted it to go this far, but unable to stop his passionate advances. As Alex feels the love-bite, he pushes his thumb inside of Jana's panties...and quickly penetrates her moist pussy as well. Withdrawing his moist thumb, Alex uses Jana's juices to tease her clit, pressing tightly against it and rubbing it steadily while he slips a finger back inside.

"We shouldn't...," Jana manages to mumble weakly into Alex's ear. Her tongue betraying her true desires as she gently licks along his earlobe.

"We should," Alex replies firmly, moving up from her breasts to kiss her mouth deeply as he takes Jana's hand and places it on the stiff bulge of his slacks.

"No....I...can't...." Jana again pleaded to no effect, as her own body contradicted her words—her hand rapidly undoing Alex's belt, unzipping his pants, then reaching in to grip and stroke his aching cock.

With no more words to acknowledge their true desire, Alex pressed Jana even more firmly against the wall, lifting her a bit off the floor, then slowly lowering her onto his thick shaft. As the music played on and the club danced unknowingly around them, Alex thrust himself deep inside of Jana's tight, welcoming pussy...feeling her cunt becoming even wetter with the excitement and her muscles gripping him and pulling him deeper inside.

Burying his face once more in her breasts, licking and biting her hard nipples, Alex pumped mercilessly into Jana, knowing that the excitement for both of them was building rapidly from their actions, their surroundings...and the wanton power through which Alex seemed to demand Jana's body.

Jana moaned uncontrollably into the top of Alex's head, kissing his sandy hair as his mouth worked magic on her tender breasts and his cockhead continually teased that sweet spot deep inside of her. Feeling her own orgasm building deep within, Jana hiked up her legs and wrapped them around Alex's hips, letting him thrust faster and harder into her tight, juicy pussy.

Finally as their orgasms approached, the deep bass from another song filled the rooms, their bodies and their minds. Pounding against each other in unrestrained lust, they came together—Alex shooting his hot, thick load deep inside of Jana, while her warm, slick juices ran slowly down the length of his shaft. Their mouths sought each other out, kissing passionately, hungrily as their passions mixed together inside of Jana. 

Realizing once more where they were, they forced their kiss to end and quickly re-assembled themselves as best as they could—slinking out of their mostly dark corner and heading back to the bar for one more drink, with the unspoken agenda of finding somewhere even more secluded soon...