 Caressing her breasts slowly, Monica's mind was rampantly devouring her latest fantasy. He was a few inches shy of six foot and around 140 pounds, not her usually fantasy material but oh so gorgeous. She glanced out her window watching him walking up and down her street, hoping in and out of his little truck. Mmmm, she loved his ass the way she could tell he worked out and she could just imagine her legs wrapped around that body tightly as he slid his cock into her pussy. Yummy she thought as she licked her lips. She slid her right hand down her body and touched her pussy, soaking wet already. Watching him delivering the mail to her neighbors house Monica let out a slow groan as her fingers worked in and our of her pussy and her hips arched up in an attempt to push her fingers deeper into her. Monica opened her eyes as she let her fingers trail along her slit in the aftermath of another self induced climax. She brought her fingers up to her mouth and sucked her own cream from them. She always loved the way she tasted especially the first taste. As she licked her fingers she watched from her perch as the mailman walked up to her door to deliver the mail, this wasn't unusual because her mailbox was located next to her front door. as she strolled her fingers through her fine pussy hair she imagined what kind of cock this mailman of hers would have. 

Ding Dong 

Huh? What could that be Monica thought as the mailman's meat disappeared from her mind and she wondered what that noise was, suddenly she jumped up realizing that it was her doorbell? Jumping up she quickly found her robe and belted it tightly against her and ran for the door as the bell sounded again. 

Ding Dong 

Another person not home, he hated walking up to houses with their packages and then people not being home to receive them, he didn't place guilt on them it just made his job harder, He could have sworn Ms., he glanced down at the package, uhm Ms. Hunter was usually home, if he remembered correctly she was a compact little package. Slightly petite with her five foot frame and weighing 100 pounds soaking wet. He recalled that she had blonde hair with big green eyes. He wondered what she would look like with green eyes, his mind wondered to what her chest would look like bare, she probably had some perky little nipples hidden under her clothes, the type he loved to just lick and pinch while he, feeling his cock stirring in his shorts and laughed at himself. As he turned to head back down her house the door swung open. 

Monica glanced at the mailman as he started to turn away from her and quickly tried to hide her blush that she was sure was showing, she might fantasize about men but she wasn't about to let it show. Nervously she asked, "Can I help you?" 

Jerry turned and pasted on his customer friendly smile, as he turned and got a full look at Monica he had to steel himself to not let his jaw drop. She answered the door in her robe, which was inside out and had been belted tightly around her trim waist, which showed off her perfect figure. Hips that all but begged a man to hold them, she had a trim waist and well well, he never would have guessed that her breasts where that big, not BIG, just bigger then he would have thought. He stared for a moment. 

"Uhmmm, can I help you>" Monica asked again, she was feeling self conscious as he stared at her and she hugged herself. "Hello?" Glancing down at herself to see what he could be staring at she turned beet red. "Oh My, I am such an idiot" Ducking behind the door she apologized. "I am so sorry its just you caught me at a bad time. "

Smiling he looked into her face, yep those where the green eyes he remembered, not exactly jade but something different, there was an imperfection in one eye, something like a speck of gold. It was quite pretty yet different, he couldn't put his name on it. "Hi, we have met before a few times, I bring the mail, uhh your local mail carrier, my names Jerry" He stuck his hand out to shake hers. 

Monica stuck her hand out and grasped Jerry's hand. Shaking slightly she asked him what he needed

"Oh I need your signature on this package before I can give it over to you." He noticed their was a dampness to her hand, no nothing slimy or sticky, like she had just wiped her hands off. He had caught her strait out of the shower no doubt, if her clothing had anything to do with it, he assumed. 

"Oh sure here" Monica stepped out from around the door to sign the package quickly, she took the pen he offered and the tiny little clipboard he had. As she pressed the pen to the clipboard and started to write her name, she saw the pen wasn't working. "Your pens dead," she said as she glanced up to catch Jerry looking down her cleavage as her robe had loosened as she bent to sign. She blushed a bit. 

Reaching into his pockets and smiling while keeping his eyes on hers he searched for a pen. Hmm so she was a bit shy, he never would have expected that. Damn it where was his pen. "I" ...He paused...."I don't know where my other pen could have went, my last customer must have kept it. Do you have one you could just use, your my last stop and I really would like to just get this package signed over to you?" he said as he showed her the small brown wrapped package.

Monica reddened as she noticed the size of the package, she hadn't been expecting anything in the mail except...well a few weeks ago she couldn't sleep and had been roaming the websites and had stumbled along an adult web store for all kinds of sex toys. She had ordered a porno and a regular no exotic ridges or parts vibrator. Her pussy started to melt at the idea of her new toy. Glancing down she asked Jerry to step inside while she ran to get a pen.   

What a great ass he thought to himself as he watched her race up her stairs to grab a pen. He stood at the door and closed it behind himself as he saw a cat start to edge towards him, trying to be slick he figured and escape. 

Monica raced back to the stairs with a handful of pens. "I have one!" She couldn't believe how wet she was getting with her fantasy man in her house and the new toys she ordered here. It was going to be one hell of a night ... alone she figured. 

"I think you found the jackpot," Jerry commented as he saw her hand full of pens. She blushed again, damn but he liked that, he wondered if she blushed all down her body, as he did he looked up and noticed her robe had been changed around so that it was now right side on. from the bottom step he could see her bare legs and the hint of her pussy, holy shit she was naked under there, fully naked. His cock jumped in his pants. 

Monica walked down the few stairs and stumbled on the last one slightly in her rush, falling flat up against Jerry. 

The way his mind had been headed and then feeling all that soft body in his arms Jerry's cock was feeling mighty frisky. Not thinking Jerry leaned down as Monica looked up and kissed her. 

The Pens went tinkling down the stair onto the ground. 

Monica moaned softly as she felt the length of his body pressed against hers, he sure could kiss like a fantasy man. She moaned and leaned into the kiss as she opened her mouth. 

Taking the back of her head into his hands Jerry slammed his tongue into her open mouth. Slowly he teased her mouth until she was gasping and he let go of her head slightly and pulled back. 

By now Monica didn't want her toy anymore she wanted what she could feel pressed up against her. She could feel Jerry's erection pressing against her, and it felt like it wanted a little more attention. 

As Jerry opened his mouth to apologize, Monica rubbed her palm against his shorts, "Oh yeah, touch me Baby" 

"I think you need a little break," Monica couldn't believe she had her hand on a strangers, well he wasn't exactly a stranger....but still this wasn't like her. 

Groaning Jerry left her hands to discover his cock, while his own hands pushed aside the robe that was blocking his view of those wonderful tits, as he spread the robe he leaned down and licked her collar, down to the spot right between her two breasts...his hands palmed her sweet mounds as he licked the side of her neck. 

Unbuckling his belt, Monica decided she had to get her hands on his flesh, she wanted to take his cock into her mouth so bad she pushed his shorts down and his briefs soon followed. Yummy she thought as she dropped to her knees. 

"Oh yeah baby, open your mouth" Jerry slid his hands down to his cock and held it to her lips rubbing his precum against the seam of her lips. 

Opening her mouth wide Monica moaned, "mmmmm yeah I want it in my mouth, I wanna taste that big cock of yours" Monica licked the salty precum from the head of his cock and slowly opened her mouth and accepted his cock.

Jerry couldn't believe how warm her mouth was to his cock and his hips shoved into her face.

"Mmmmm yeah" Monica was moaning around his cock, she slurped on the head as her hand crept around the shaft and started to stroke him, her other hand had been busy massaging his balls "Fuck my face with this beautiful cock" she said. Glancing up she stared into his eyes as she opened her mouth fully and his cock slid all the way in, until she could feel the hair on his balls against her lips. 

Jerry pumped his cock in and out of her mouth, suddenly he grabbed her head and pulled her away. "I want that pussy of yours, and maybe some other things" Grasping her by the arms he tugged her off her knees and almost dragged her up the few stairs to the hallway. Not waiting he pressed her down to the carpet and started licking her body. "First I am gunna shove my tongue up that pussy and taste your cream" Sniffing the air he could already smell her aroma, then he realized this was the same odor he had smelled earlier and not recognized. Sliding his hand down her pussy he found her dripping wet, and her thighs where soaked. "Your awful wet, does sucking cock turn you on that much or where you playing with your pussy when I first got here?" 

"mmmm Oh yeah dont stop," Monica moaned as she felt his fingers playing with her pussy, God this felt amazing. 

Jerry stopped stroking her wet slit and asked again "where you playing with your pussy before I got here?"

"Noo dont stop, Monica worked her hips up and down trying to make Jerry's finger run across her slit" 

"Tell Me. " Jerry asked as he moved his hand from her pussy, "where you playing with this wet little pussy of yours, waiting for a big cock to stuff it?" 

"Yes, I was having a " she paused while breathing heavy as he resumed stroking her "I was playing with myself"

"Want to show me what you do to yourself when you play with your pussy?" Jerry felt his cock harden further as he thought of her sitting there stroking her own pussy, he slid one of his fingers easily into her cunt and soon pressed two more in, seeing how stretched out and ready she was. 

"Fuck me, NOWWWWWWW!" Monica couldn't help it her pussy was stretched on three of his fingers and she needed to be fucked now, she didn't want to talk she wanted him to fuck her, hard and fast with that cock of his. She needed it. 

Jerry seeing the state she was in quickly 

"Yesssssssssss," she cried as she was filled with his cock, God she thought he was average in length but God he was thick, her pussy muscles clung to him as he pumped her."Fuck me, harder, yes, yes, yes, lick that" Her ass was barely touching the ground as she arched into his powerful thrusts. 

She was a hot fucking piece, she wouldn't stop moaning and moving underneath him, Jerry grabbed her hips and started fucking her hard while he was on his knees, her body was clenched tight around his cock and he could feel himself getting ready to explode. Suddenly her pussy rippled around his cock and he started to feel his balls tighten up and spasm as his cock jerked in her pussy. "Yeah baby you like that cock dont you, yeah baby gunna fuck you till you scream, gunna fill you with my cum" 

Monica's mind flew out of her house and into the clouds, she couldn't think strait she heard him groaning as he slammed his cock into her, she could feel her muscles spasming. It was like her whole body was her pussy and she couldn't do anything but feel his cock spurting his cum in her as he fucked her hard. Moaning low and hard her body trembled until she was just shaking as Jerry pumped the last of his cum deep in her. 

Jerry picked her up and carried her into the living room, he sat her on the couch, she had a glazed look on her face, "Monica are you okay, I didn't hurt you right?" ..."Hey Hun?"

Monica stared at Jerry and just shook her head slowly, Jerry laughed. Monica closed her eyes and drifted off to sleep, she could hear Jerry fumbling around but she didn't care, that was the best orgasm she had ever had, her back tingled a bit from the rug, but she didn't care...her mind drifted back to that great orgasm and soon she was asleep. 

Jerry just glanced down at her and pulled a throw from behind the couch, covering her he just shook his head. Sex had never been like that for him, he thought he had seen it all but he never felt a woman climax like that, he walked to the hall and picked up his shorts and discarded clothes, shit he still had his shirt on. He pulled on his briefs and shorts and went to the bathroom to clean up. 

Walking from the bathroom he walked down the steps and cleaned up the mess of pens, grabbing his stuff and one pen he left the rest at the top of the stairs along with one of his little mail carrier notices, "You were out when we brought by a package for you" he checked the box on the yellow slip that said "Will return on a later date"...there was no way he wasn't coming back to this one. Not only that he wanted to see what she did when she was alone, picking up the package he had brought her and opening the door he wondered what she was having delivered from, glancing at the address "Romantic Adventures"...ooo he thought, I think im going to like this.