 At 1:45 the car pulled up to the gates to Anne's home. They swung open and Melissa pulled in and opened the hidden door to the garage. After driving down the ramp and pulling into a parking space, she got out and opened my door then opened the trunk. 

"I'll bring the cases up later. Come with me." 

We walked to the elevator and she punched in the code then told me to go on up to the eighth floor. "The code for the elevator is 1983. She's waiting for you. And you know how much she likes to do that." 

"She can't even spell patience can she?" 

Melissa smiled and said, "Under the circumstances, I think we can overlook that. Now hurry along." 

I pressed the 8 button and the doors closed. On the ride up I decided I liked Melissa. She was real and earthy. The fact that she was gorgeous didn't hurt either. In a few seconds the elevator stopped and the doors opened. She was standing exactly where I had left her, naked, with nothing to hide. I stepped into the room and started to walk toward her. She ran to me and threw herself at me wrapping her arms and legs around me and kissed me so hard she almost knocked me down. I put my arms around her and kissed her back. When we finally stopped she squealed, "Oh Carl you're here. You're really here. You've made me the happiest person in the world!" 

"And why was I never greeted like this at the office the whole two years we worked together?" 

"You have no idea how much I wish I could go back and change that." 

"Well you can do it as much as you want now." 

"I'm not going to let you get far enough away from me to have to greet you again." 

I put my hands on her waist and lifted her up and put her down. She took my hand and pulled me with her as she started walking. 

"Just where are you taking me Anne?" 

"To bed. We're going to pick up right where we left off." 

"Can't I even have a drink first? I'd love some more of that delicious Champagne." 

She walked to a pad on the wall and pressed a button. I heard Melissa answer. 

"Melissa would you bring up a bottle of Champagne and a couple of glasses when you bring Carl's luggage up?" 

"Of course Anne. I'll be right there." 

She grabbed my arm and dragged me into her bedroom and closed the doors. 

"You've got two seconds to start taking those clothes off before I start tearing them off you." 

I started unbuttoning my shirt and took it off then took off my pants and shorts. She pulled me toward the bed and when I got there I finished pulling off my shoes and socks. I got in beside her and took her in my arms. 

"I was frantic waiting to hear from you. I don't know what I would have done if you hadn't come back. I missed you terribly and now you're here and you feel so good in my arms. Oh Carl I do love you and it feels wonderful." 

"It looks wonderful too. I see it in your eyes. I hear it in your voice. I feel it in your hands as you move them on my back. I'll bet I can taste it on your lips." 

I kissed her and the love came rushing into me. Jesus what a kiss! It felt like I had bungee jumped off a high cliff. I couldn't breathe or even move. I had to push her away before I passed out. 

"OK I'm convinced. You love me." 

"OHHH YESSS I DO. And you love me. I see it all over you. And I feel it too." 

Her hand moved down and wrapped around my cock. It had already started to inflate during that fantastic kiss. She slid down so her head was level with my groin. 

She started kissing my cock all over as it continued to stiffen in her soft warm hand. 

"I didn't get a chance to spend much time with you the other night but I promise you I'm going to make it up to you." She spoke to my cock like it was a little kitten. "I'm going to take good care of you and make you feel as good as you make me feel." She engulfed the head with her mouth and sucked it as she stroked the shaft. "Oh you taste divine and you feel so nice. Hard and soft at the same time." She sucked some more and then told it, "I'm going to put you some place nice and warm and wet where you'll feel really good now." 

She moved back up the bed and lay on her back. "Fuck me Carl. Put that marvelous cock inside me and make love to me like you did the other night. Hurry Carl before I explode with anticipation. I need to feel you inside me. Please fuck me. Fuck me now." 

I rolled over and got between her legs. She reached for my cock and guided it to the entrance to her vagina. She was already wet and ready for me. I pressed forward and slid into her. She breathed in deeply and sharply. "Uhhhhhhh. Oh Carl, yes. Oh God yes. You can't imagine how good this feels." She was trembling and her hot pussy was throbbing around my cock. I pulled back to begin stroking her and she cried out, "NO, Don't take it away yet... just hold it in me as deep as you can." I pushed it back into her until my balls mashed against her ass cheeks. "That's it, just like that. Oooohh yes that's perfect." She pushed her hand between us and began rubbing her clit with her fingers and started gasping. Her hips were bucking up against me as she did the fucking so she could control the little bit of my cock she would allow to escape with each stroke. 

It couldn't have been more than another minute before she stopped moving her fingers and her wide spread legs squeezed against my hips. "OH CARL you're making me cum! OH God yes I...I'mmmm cummming." Her cunt squeezed my cock in long pulses as her back arched and her legs shook. I was just trying to hold on while her climax peaked. I wasn't the least bit surprised that as soon as she seemed to be recovering she started the whole thing all over again. She reached her hand down and got her fingers wet with the juice that was leaking out of her and then returned to rubbing her clit, her hips undulating beneath me as she headed for another orgasm. Her whole body continued to tremble until she tensed up in another climax and pressed up hard against me. 

After the third time she did this I finally took over. "Wrap your arms and legs around me and let me do what you asked me to." She reluctantly did what I told her and I started fucking her soaking wet twat with a nice steady rhythm. I picked up the pace after a couple of minutes and she started grunting each time I bottom out hard against her cervix. I felt my orgasm starting and pushed deep inside her and let it go. 

"Oh God Carl YES cum with me, cum deep inside me and fill me with love." 

I didn't think I could cum any more powerfully than I had with Sandy last night but Anne's orgasm pulled me in with her and shook me to my soul as spurt after spurt of my hot cream splattered against her cervix. 

I collapsed on top of her. We were both drenched in sweat. Her nipples poked into my chest. I kissed her and stuck my tongue in her mouth. She sucked it in and pushed her own tongue into me until the aftershocks subsided. 

"Goddamn Anne don't you have an off switch?" 

"I sure hope not. I've never felt anything so fantastic before. It felt like I was in a constant orgasm and it just kept getting bigger and deeper. Oh Carl is this what sex feels like when you're in love?" 

"That's exactly what it's supposed to feel like and I'm going to try to keep you feeling that way the entire time we're together." 

"Then we're going to have to get you a prescription for Viagra because if I'm awake I want us to be fucking." 

"Settle down you little nymphomaniac. I've got a tongue too and it's very fond of the taste of your pussy. Speaking of taste, weren't we supposed to get some Champagne delivered?" 

"I'm sure Melissa left it out in the entrance hall with your luggage if you'd like to go get us some. I suppose I could let you take your cock out of me long enough to drink a glass of wine." 

"Stay right where you are and I'll bring the Champagne and my cock back in a minute." 

I extracted my still half hard cock from her and rolled off the bed and walked to the door. I opened it and saw my two cases and a Champagne bucket sitting in the little entranceway from the elevator across the living room. I walked over and picked up the bucket with ice, a bottle of that superb Champagne and two crystal flutes half submerged in the ice. 

I hurried back to the bedroom and sat the bucket on a small table between two very comfortable looking chairs on one side of the bedroom. I sat down in one of them and proceeded to open the bottle. I poured the bubbly liquid into the two glasses and went back over to the bed. I handed a glass to Anne and said, "What would you like to toast to now my love?" 

"That sounds so nice to hear you say. Am I your love Carl? Isn't Sandy your love?" 

"I've discovered that you can love two people at the same time and you don't have to compare and decide who you love more. I love both of you equally. It couldn't be any other way Anne. It's not really love if it isn't total. You don't take anything away from her and she knows that. When this is over I'll go back to her and love her as much as I am capable of but while I'm with you I'll do the same for you." 

"Then my toast is to Sandy for giving me the most incredible gift anyone has ever given me. I don't know how yet but I will find a way to thank her for what she's done." 

"That's a toast I can wholeheartedly drink to." 

We raised our glasses and sipped the wine. I sat on the edge of the bed and started caressing her thigh. I took another drink of the wine and said, "Anne I need to ask you something. There are some things I need to know about what's happening to you medically so I'll know what to expect as your illness progresses. Can we go see your doctor and have him explain to me what's going to happen and when?" 

"He's already told me about some of it but you're right, you need to know too and it wouldn't hurt for me to hear it again since I was practically in shock when I heard it the first time." 

"I hate to put you through that again but I want to try to be prepared for what we can do now and when things start to change." 

"I understand. I'll call him tomorrow and see when he can meet with us." 

"There's something else I thought about on the ride over here today. I love my children very much and I was wondering if you wanted to have a child. You're still young enough you know." 

"I have thought about it and just assumed if I ever did get married I would decide then but that's not going to happen now." 

"You could still have a baby without getting married." 

"Carl I'm not going to live long enough to have a baby." 

"Yes you are. You could have your eggs harvested and I could supply the sperm and somebody else could carry it for you. You wouldn't be around to see it born but I would and then there would be something of us around after you're gone." 

"Oh my God Carl I never thought of that. Who would raise it?" 

"Don't be silly Anne. It would be my child too." 

"OH CARL! YOU AND SANDY? You...You..." She burst into tears and I took her glass and set it on the bedside table and put my arms around her. 

"Of course we would my love. Our kids are eight and six so there wouldn't be that much difference in the ages and with the money you're giving us there would be no problem having another baby in the house." 

"Oh God Carl just when I thought I couldn't love you any more than I already do you find a way for me to love you even more. You are the most wonderful person in the world. I'm completely overwhelmed by how kind and considerate you really are. Oh Carl I could... we could really do this couldn't we." 

"We sure could sweetheart." 

"Don't you think we should ask Sandy if she would be willing to do this?" 

"Yes but she loves kids and if neither of us has to work she would have the time to spoil the little tyke rotten. If you want to explore this then you need to make another appointment tomorrow to see an In Vitro Fertilization specialist." 

"Carl you don't think Sandy would be resentful that you brought back this little souvenir of your tryst with another woman? How much of a saint can we expect her to be to raise the baby of your mistress?" 

"Anne you've only known Sandy as my wife. You've never known Sandy the mother. She would love this child as she would her own. And you're not my mistress. She knows I didn't go looking for somebody else to have an affair with and she completely understands our situation. If she didn't, I wouldn't be here. She may hate the things you did to me but she doesn't hate you. One of the reasons I love her so much is that she can make that distinction. If she were standing here right now she would tell you to go ahead and do this if you want to and be totally supportive of it. She'd also put her arms around you and tell you that she loves you." 

"I don't know what to say Carl. For once in my life I'm completely dumbfounded. I've never even imagined the kindness and generosity you're offering me. I'm ashamed that I've lived my whole life in the pursuit of money and now I have nothing of value. And then you appear and for the first time in my life you give me unconditional love. When darkness is closing in all around me you bring me the light. You show me that not only will I die having known love but also something miraculous can come from that love and survive after I'm gone. It's all too much for me. I don't deserve this." 

"Oh my sweet precious darling this is the true miracle of love. It's never too late for love to find you. It's been there all along and you've finally said yes to it. You've opened your empty heart and love has filled it for you. Nobody is unworthy of love. It will never abandon you, not even in death. When you say yes to love you become deserving of everything it has to give you. Those orgasms you had a few minutes ago, have you ever had orgasms like that before?" 

"I didn't even know orgasms like that existed." 

"That's because the orgasms you've had before were sexual and these orgasms came from your heart. Until you experience an orgasm from your heart it can't spread all through your body and fill you with energy instead of draining you. That's why you could keep having them one after another. Love gave you those orgasms. Now, I suggest we finish our glass of Champagne then go to your spa and get in that bathing pool and have a bath. Then when we're squeaky clean we'll come back here and make love until we're too exhausted to move. Then we can fall asleep in each other's arms." 

We drank the rest of the wine in our glasses then headed off to the spa. I brought the bucket and the glasses so we could have another drink while we were in the bath. 

"Let's turn on the Jacuzzi jets. We should have bubbles on us as well as in us." 

She pushed some buttons on one corner of the pool and the water began to circulate while it was being warmed. 

"How hot do you like it?" 

"Not as hot as most women do but I can adapt." 

She pushed some more buttons and entered a temperature setting. 

"That should be about right for us." 

I put my foot in to test it and found it to be just about perfect. I brought my other leg over the edge and sat down on one of the long seats that went around the pool about a foot beneath the water so I could get used to it as it warmed. She got in and sat next to me. I reached for the bottle I had put on the wide ledge of the pool and filled our glasses and handed one to her. 

"Anne I don't see any reason why we should drink anything else except Champagne as long as we're together, except for coffee and water of course. We should be like the aviators in World War I that faced death every day and celebrated coming back from a mission by toasting their fallen comrades and drinking only the best Champagne." 

"I don't have a problem with that, but I won't hold you to it if you really like fine wines. There are quite a few bottles in the cellar that I'm sure you'd have a very hard time finding anywhere else in the city. Daddy was quite the oenophile." 

"In that case I'd be willing to make an occasional exception to compliment Anthony's superb culinary creations. Wherever did you find him?" 

"He used to have a restaurant that I liked to go to. He had been a chef for years at other places before then. Long story short, his life fell apart and the restaurant burned down. I found out where he was because I thought he might want me to back him in another place but he said he was too old to start over. I asked him what he was going to do and he said he had no idea so I said I'd pay him $75,000 a year to be my personal chef and butler and he could live here. I was pleasantly surprised when he said he'd do it." 

"So you did have a soft spot in that hard heart of yours." 

"That's nice of you to say but I did it for selfish reasons. You've tasted his cooking and considering what you would pay in his restaurant for a meal, I'd say I got a bargain. On top of that he's one of the nicest people I've ever met." 

Once the water reached the set temperature, the jets started up. I took a drink of wine then sat my glass down. "Yes I have tasted it and I can't wait to taste it again but right now I think I want to taste you." I slid off the seat and got on my knees. I spread her legs apart and moved between them. The water was just barely covering her breasts as I leaned in and kissed her. She wrapped her legs around my waist and pulled me closer. My cock was pressed against her pussy under the water while a jet of bubbles was hitting me in my ass. I moved my hands to her breasts and started massaging them. The water was making them buoyant and the jets were moving them around provocatively. I lightly pinched her nipples while the jets moved them to and fro. I raised my head to look at her. 

"Oh Carl this feels so good. I've never had anybody to play with like this. You and the Champagne are making me giddy with joy. I want to do this every day." 

"Turn the jets off." 

She reached over and pushed a button on the panel and the jets stopped. 

"Now come with me." I pulled her up and we moved to the other side of the pool where the seat was only about six inches deep so that a person could lay on it and keep most of their body out of the water. I told her to lie down on it while I picked up a bottle of body wash and a sponge she had put beside the pool. I poured some of the soap on her and dipped the sponge in the water then began slowly washing her body. 

"You do that like you're washing one of your children. Will you do this for our child Carl? Will you think of me when you do it?" 

"How could I not? Everything we do together will be a part of me for as long as I live." 

"I don't want to be a ghost in your life Carl but every now and then it would be nice if you would remember our brief time together and tell our child about me. Tell him that even though I never got to meet him I still loved him before he was even conceived." 

"We'll make a video together and you can tell him yourself. Do you want a son or a daughter? I think they can let you choose." 

"I'll have to think about that. Which would you prefer? You're the one who'll be with him as he's growing up." 

"I already have one of each but if I could pick I'd choose a girl and hope she would grow up to look just like you." 

"Thank you my love. That's a very sweet thing to say." 

"It's a very easy thing to say. You really are very beautiful." 

I leaned over and kissed her then moved to my left until her hips were in front of me. "Now I want you to spread those legs for me so I can wash your pretty pussy." 

She raised her legs and spread them pulling her knees up to give me complete access to her crotch. I put the sponge on her right knee and squeezed it so suds would run down her thigh and onto her pussy. I rubbed it down her thigh then washed her pubic hair with it. I did the same thing to her left leg then dipped the sponge in the water to rinse out the suds before lightly rubbing it over her lips and down to her ass. I finished by gently washing her legs and feet then told her to put her legs down. 
