 "What," I asked my sister, Marie, with some irritation, "is wrong with Denise?"

"A lot of things," my sister said calmly. "What particular thing are you talking about?"

"Well, it seems to me that she's spending a lot of time with you, all of a sudden. She comes around to our place frequently and she's always dressed to kill. She makes sure I know she's here and then avoids me like the plague. She seems to be both coming on to me and putting up the stay away signs. It's not that I'm interested in her particularly, but I have to admit to a certain amount of confusion."

"Oh, that. She's waiting for you to rape her but doesn't want to make it seem too easy."

"Excuse me? Is she certifiable? What on earth makes her think I'd rape her?"

"Well, you know how she competes with Courtney at everything, both of them always wanting to do one better than the other?"

"So?"

"Well, Denise thinks she's better than Courtney at everything and that if you were attracted enough to Courtney to rape her then you're bound to want to rape Denise sooner or later. She's just in two minds about whether to let you do it."

"Ah, can you back up a little bit to that part where I raped Courtney? What the hell?"

"Oh, everyone knows about it. Courtney was practically boasting about it. Half my friends think you're an animal and the rest think that Courtney probably deserved it."

"And if the parents hear that story I could be in so much trouble. When did this rape occur?"

"You don't know? How could you not know? After all, you had to be there at the time."

"I know, which is why I'm so puzzled as to how I could rape a girl without being there."

"You're saying you didn't rape her? It was consensual?"

"No, I'm saying I wasn't there, full stop. If Courtney got nailed, willingly or unwillingly, and knowing Courtney I'd say willingly, then it was by someone else. Who the hell said it was me that jumped her?"

"Um, Courtney. Are you saying she's lying?"

"Perhaps being a little free with the truth, let us say. Did she come right out and say 'Peter raped me'?"

"No," said Marie thoughtfully. "Now that you mention it she didn't. She admitted to being raped and when names were suggested she just shook her head, but smirked like crazy when your name was mentioned. It was an easy conclusion to draw."

"Bitch. That explains a few things. I suppose I'll have to do something now to scotch the rumour."

"Ah, people will expect you to deny it," Marie pointed out.

"I know, so I won't. I'll put Courtney in a position where she'll deny it. That should have some sort of affect."

"Good luck with that. All she has to do is stay out of your way."

That was true. I'd have to come up with a scenario where she couldn't stay out of my way.

My opportunity came later in the week. I was already generally in the shit with all the girls at school so I didn't see that I could get in any deeper just by upsetting the senior cheerleading squad. They had a practice after school on Thursday and I waited until it was over. 

After the practice the girls all traipsed off into the change room to strip off their uniforms, shower, and dress. I gave them a few minutes and then walked in.

A very pleasant view. There were naked and semi-naked girls all over the place, all looking at me with shock and horror. (I should point out here that this was the senior squad and the girls were all eighteen or older. No way was I walking in on the junior squad.) Before they could all start yelling at me to get out I spoke up.

"Good afternoon, ladies, and what a pleasure to see you all. Ah, I'm looking for Courtney. Is she here?"

I knew damn well that she was. I'd watched as she walked in and she certainly hadn't walked out again. A young lady name of Miranda had been in the unfortunate position of being caught nude. She gave up trying to cover her charms and pointed towards the showers, so I strolled in that direction, ignoring the squeals of outrage from my audience.

The way I figured it, they all knew that I was supposed to have raped Courtney, and they were dying to see what happened when I met her. I was in luck. She was still in the shower and she looked absolutely appalled to see me standing there, smiling at her. She grabbed for her towel but I was faster, appropriating it and tossing it behind me, smiling all the while.

"Get out," she screeched.

"Hi, Courtney," I said affably. "Listen, I was wondering if you could help me. I heard that there's this crazy rumour going around that said I raped you. I was wondering if you could, perhaps, tell me how such a silly rumour started."

"I don't know what you're talking about," she gabbled quickly. "Go away. You've got no right to be here."

"Hey, I have a reputation to maintain," I explained. "Someone started that rumour and I was told it was you, so I'm seeking an explanation. I mean, if I'm going to sue someone for casting unwarranted aspersions upon my name and character then I'd like to know why they did it."

"I've never claimed that you raped me," she said, and I could see the word 'sue' had sent shudders down her back.

"But you didn't deny it when someone else suggested it, perhaps, thus giving the statement legitimacy. Are you saying or hinting that I raped you?"

"No, I'm not. Will you just go away? You're not allowed in the women's change room."

"OK, I guess, as far as it goes. Are you willing to state categorically that, if you were raped, it wasn't by me?"

"Yes. You didn't rape me." She looked around at her fascinated audience. "It wasn't Peter. I don't know how anyone got that idea."

"I do," I heard someone mutter, and there were a few mumbles of agreement.

"Well, going along with the lack of rape, I can't actually remember having sex with you at any stage. Is my memory playing tricks on me, because I'm quite sure I'd remember if I'd seem that lovely body of yours naked before? Or at least, without panties, as I'm sure you must have been missing those at the time."

"No, you haven't had sex with me. Not ever. In your dreams, maybe, but that's all."

"So you're willing to admit that I not only didn't rape you I didn't even get to score at all?"

"Right. Now leave."

"OK, so you're saying it didn't happen and you didn't start the silly rumour. Um, any idea who did?"

"It was Denise. She was the one who mentioned your name." 

My, my. There was a very vindictive edge to her voice when she said that. I looked over at Denise who was one of the young ladies watching. Tastefully clad in panties and bra. She hastily started waving her hands about, denying everything.

"Hey, I just mentioned his name. Others were guessing names as well. You're the one who smirked when Peter's name was mentioned."

"Only because I thought it was ludicrous that you'd suggest him," snapped Courtney, "but that's what I'd expect from someone like you. The idea that Peter would do such a thing is ridiculous."

"Yes, well now that we've sorted this out," I broke in before the argument got under way and my character further disparaged, "I'll make my exit. My apologies for disturbing you all but I thought the matter needed to be addressed. Thank you for listening."

Courtney hadn't been the only young lovely to be in the shower when I came in. Standing next to her had been Cheryl, a lovely blonde. She was still standing next to Courtney but had a towel clutched in front of her, hiding her charms. I winked at her.

"Sorry, Cheryl, I had to speak to Courtney, but don't think I missed seeing you there. You looked sensational."

Reaching over I plucked the towel from her hand and held it to the side, giving her the once over.

"Yes," I said, nodding in approval. "Absolutely sensational."

Cheryl snatched her towel back, glaring at me, but there was a smirk behind the glare. No girl objects to being told she looks sensational.

What did make me feel slightly amazed was how many of the girls hadn't bothered to cover themselves up. They'd been too interested in watching the scene to worry about little things like that, probably because most of the others were in the same state of undress. Miranda was one of those who hadn't bothered. She was standing at the back of the little crowd, still naked.

I smiled as I passed her, letting her see that I was looking at her. Her hands seemed to flutter as though she thought about covering herself but that she gave a small shrug and relaxed. (That small shrug had a delightful effect on her breasts, which I happily noted.)

I will admit that seeing the girls in the change room had given me some ideas. I spent the next week flirting with both Cheryl and Miranda when I saw them. Nothing too overt, but enough to let them know I was interested but not serious. It was good for their ego and it didn't hurt mine at all when they flirted back. In the back of their minds was the knowledge that I'd seen them naked, even though I didn't make any reference to that fact. I will admit that the knowledge was there in the back of my mind as well, with the vague intention of doing something about it.

I watched the cheerleading practice when Thursday rolled around. Why not? Who doesn't enjoy watching nubile young ladies bouncing around in abbreviated costumes? I mean, really, you'd enjoy the show even if you were a gay eunuch.

With the practice over the girls were heading back to the change room. Some of them noticed me standing there and gave me a look, indicative of what would happen to me if I invaded their sanctum again. I just stood there trying to look innocent, waiting for Cheryl to come past, not forgetting to wink at Miranda as she trotted past, blushing.

Cheryl was at the back of the pack and it was easy enough to intercept her and change the direction she was heading. I simply pointed out that she'd have to wait for a go at the showers and it was far better to wait with a charming young man rather than wait amongst a bunch of snarky girls all fighting for the showers.

Cheryl allowed that my argument had some sense and as there weren't any charming young men around she'd consent to strolling alongside me for a while. I led her off in the direction I wanted.

By the side of the sports field there was a tree. There were a number of trees, actually, but only one like this. It was an old weeping willow, quite tall and spread quite wide, with its long branches sweeping the ground all around it. This was where I was leading Cheryl. 

"I love this old tree," I told her, looking at it affectionately. "This tree is older than us. When you step through its low hanging branches you find yourself in a green room, effectively shutting the world out."

I demonstrated this by stepping through the branches, bring Cheryl with me. She looked around, smiling, and then she must have caught the wrong expression on my face or something, because she immediately became suspicious.

"A private room in the middle of nowhere," she said. "And just why have you brought me to this private little room?"

"No particular reason," I began, but I could see straight away she wasn't buying it. "No," I said quickly. "I'll do a George Washington and tell the truth for a change. I keep remembering how you looked last Thursday, all white and wet with some interesting little pink spots scattered around. It would be crass to enter the change room a second time so I brought you here so I could undress you and rest my eyes on you for a few moments."

"You're kidding. You expect me to get undressed just so you can admire me nude?"

"You weren't listening," I pointed out. "I said I'd undress you."

"Same difference," she said with a giggle. "I'd end up naked in the middle of the sports ground."

"In our own private room you mean," I said, indicating the low hanging branches. "We are totally private." I was feeling pleased. If a girl starts laughing you're halfway there.

"Yes, maybe so, but I suspect that if I did get undressed your hands would be all over me. I couldn't even pick up a stick to beat you off as a willow makes for lousy sticks."

"Put your suspicions to rest. You may replace them with certainties. Ah, I have to admit that it won't be just my hands touching you. But you needn't worry. Despite Courtney and Denise you'll find I can take no for an answer. If you really want to say no, that is. Why don't we just get these things off and find out?"

To give her some subtle encouragement I reached over and started undoing the fastenings on her skirt. They were easy enough to do. A simple button and a hidden zip was all that had to be done. Cheryl just stood there, looking down at where I was now easing her skirt down, showing that, yes, she was wearing modesty short.

I left her skirt pooled around her ankles and plucked at the waistband of the modesty shorts. From what I could tell they had an elastic waist, no buttons needed. I eased them down, making sure I left her panties in place. From the quick look of relief that crossed her face I suspect that that was a wise decision.

"Lift your arms," I said, speaking quietly, and she did so, albeit a trifle nervously. 

Noting the nerves I made sure to only take the uniform top off, leaving her bra in place. That done I took a step back and looked her over, making sure she saw the appreciation on my face.

"As much as I want to," I told her, "I'm not taking off the rest until you agree. Not fair to you to just make you."

Moving closer to her I ran my hands over her tummy. I didn't stop at that. My hands ran lightly all over her, very politely skipping those parts that were still covered. After a few moments of doing this my hands came up and plucked at the waist of her panties. 

"Yes or no?" I murmured. "If yes then these will come off first."

"Why panties first?"

"Because you can keep your legs together and pretend I can't see anything. When your bra comes of you can no longer deny that I'm looking at you naked. Shall we?"

"All right, damn you, but when I say enough I mean it."

"That's fine," I said, sliding her panties down at the same time. I tapped an ankle and when she lifted her leg I eased panties, modesty shorts and skirt right off her leg. Another tap to her other ankle and I was able to place her clothes to one side. I stood up slowly, my hands trailing up her legs as I rose. I rose to me full height, my hands brushed against her all the way, including against her pudenda and mons. Then I reached around and unclipped her bra, more by luck than skill, but I'll accept that, and slid the shoulder straps slowly down her arms, finally lifting her bra clear.

She had lovely breasts and a pair of perky nipples that were already erect. I just naturally bent my head and sucked gently on each of them. Lifting my head I cupped her breasts, thumbs gently rolling her nipples around.

Dropping my hands I took a step back, letting her see that my eyes were all over her. She blushed, which surprised me somewhat. No blush while I nibbled on her nipples but a blush when I just rest my eyes on her. Go figure.

I pulled her up against me, kissing her, while my hands wandered over her back and finally coming to a rest on her bottom, slowly stroking it. She was quite willing to kiss me back and I could feel her moving slightly under my touch, just easing her hips about a little, rather neatly directing my hands between her legs, where I lightly brushed against her pudenda. 

My kisses trailed downwards, covering her breasts again. From there I sank to my knees, my mouth crossing her tummy and her mons. Then my tongue did a little exploring. I nibbled at her lips while my tongue darted between them, teasing her internally. She was gasping and clutching at my hair, holding me hard against her. She made a very strange sound when I probed a little too close to her clitoris.

Standing up again I took a step back. We were both breathing slightly harder but I suspect that Cheryl was a little more flushed than I was. I deliberately undid my trousers, letting them drop, watching Cheryl watching me. Her flush grew a little deeper as my erection leapt into view.

"You don't really expect me to say you can use that thing, do you?" she asked.

I moved closer and she backed away slightly, but she could only back so far and she was pressing against the trunk of the tree. I stopped short so I wasn't overtly crowding her.

"You don't have to say yes," I told her. "I'll be quite happy if you just don't say no."

I drew her hand towards me and pressed it against my erection and a hot little hand closed around it and started stroking. That was reasonable as my own hand was stroking her in an interesting manner.

We mutually enjoyed feeling each other for a few moments, but I wanted more. I eased a little closer and her eyes opened wide as she looked at me.

"Mm?" I said with a suggestive tone.

She knew exactly what I was suggesting and her eyes started looking everywhere but at me. My hands were on her hips, pulling them so they were pressed against me. I saw Cheryl swallow nervously and a look of determination flashed across her face. She adjusted the position of my erection.

Now I was pressing against her slit, her lips pursed and starting to wrap themselves around me. I pressed a little harder and that was all it took, my cock pushing past her lips and exploring her passage, exploring it nice and deep.

Once I was fully in her I rested for a moment, letting her adjust to the feel of me. My hands came up to start caressing her breasts again and I started moving.

I suppose I should say we started moving, as Cheryl was moving right along with me. We started tentatively, feeling each other out, but we started increasing the pace without too much delay. We just seemed to fit nicely together. It wasn't long and I was driving in in fine style with Cheryl gasping and clinging to me, doing her best to help me along. 

So there we were, going at it hot and heavy, me bouncing Cheryl on my cock for all I'm worth. She'd be lucky if she didn't end up with bark rash on her bottom, the way she was being crushed against the trunk of the tree.

That's when she said, "Will you really stop if I asked you to?"

What the fuck sort of question is that at this stage.

"Certainly," I gasped out. "I'd be rather regretful about it, especially as I'd have to bury your strangled corpse beneath the tree immediately afterwards, but I'd stop."

"OK. Just checking," she said, and that was the end of any coherent conversation for a while.

Shortly after that I climaxed splendidly, quietly pleased to have Cheryl also climaxing, albeit somewhat more noisily.

"Suggesting we stop at that stage?" I asked her, glaring.

"Just curious," she giggled. "You looked as though you'd have a heart attack. Glad to see that you're a man of your word, even if one with violent tendencies."

I just glowered at her, which made her giggle even more. At least, I got to watch as she got dressed. I find I quite enjoy watching a woman get dressed. Mind you, it's more fun undressing them, but I still enjoy it. 

We went our separate ways. Over the next week I continued to flirt with both her and Miranda. Even though she flirted back Cheryl sent out a subtle message hinting I was wasting my time if I expected seconds. That was OK. I could live with that.

I was back to watch the practice the next Thursday. Well, really, why not? Wouldn't you? I have to say that those girls were amazingly limber and athletic. I'd hate to have to try some of those stunts. Any of those stunts, now I think about it. 

After the practice Miranda came trotting over to see me. I had seen her when she was heading out to the practice and had suggested that instead of rushing into the change room and fighting her way to the shower her time could be better spent by taking a gentle perambulation around the ground with me, letting her unwind. That way when she went to get changed the showers would be free. 
