 Desiree had proven to be a sexual muse. She never failed to inspire me. In the time we'd been together she'd drawn out parts of my mind I either didn't know existed, or was afraid to explore. She was a combination of submissive slut and hungry nympho who seemed to be created from my nastiest thoughts and dreams. Not only would she do whatever I asked of her, but she would get off on it in a way that just drove me to want to do more. It was a sexual synergy that any horny male would succumb to. 

I called her at 7 and told her I would pick her up at 8:30. I told her to dress to inspire me. That's all the direction she would need. When she answered the door my cock stirred immediately. From top to bottom, I drank her in. Her fiery red hair was wild and wavy. It said "If you're lucky enough to fuck me you won't soon forget it." Her tight, low-cut top revealed the top half of her D cup tits that any man, and many women, would die to suck, nibble, bite or fuck. Her loose black skirt hugged her delectable ass and hips and fell just below the tops of her black thigh highs. I knew that I could slide my hand up that skirt at any time, in any place, that I wanted. The black 5" stilettos she wore, which made her taller than my 6' 1", did nothing to dispute the story told by the rest of her attire. She smiled at me the way she does when she knows the night will bring her the erotic pleasures, and multiple orgasms, that she craves. I let her walk in front of me to the car so that I could watch her ass sway. As I let her into the car her skirt slid up to reveal a few more inches of her deliciously long legs. 

"Where are we going?" she asked, with a hint of eagerness.

"Are you wearing panties tonight?" was my only reply.

"What do you think?"

"Show me."

She smiled as she uncrossed her legs. Sliding her skirt up her thighs she raised and spread her legs until her slutty, "fuck me" shoes were on the dashboard. She continued to slide her skirt up until I could see her smoothly shaven, already wet pussy. She moaned as she slid her finger through her lips. As I drove she fingered herself until I knew she was close to cumming. Desiree can cum quickly and often and it drove me crazy. 

"You like watching me play with myself?" she growled.

"You know I fucking love it! Cum for me you nasty little slut!"

She pushed a finger deep into her pussy, moaning loudly. 

"Fuck yourself Desiree! Let me hear you cum!"

She came hard, thrusting her hips up to meet her finger, her moans bordering on screams.

She settled from her orgasm quickly and reached over to stroke my cock through my pants. A sound of hunger escaped her lips as she found me hard. 

"No cock for you yet" I told her as I removed her hand. She frowned but accepted my refusal. We pulled up to the house and I saw the look on her face. She knew where we were. Though we hadn't been here before we'd often talked about going to a swing club. 

"You're bad!" she said with an absolute glow on her face. 

"And you are going to be very bad tonight" I replied.

The woman who greeted us at the door was a a brunette of average height. That was the only average thing about her. She was built with curves upon curves and made no effort to disguise them. She wore a black mesh dress through which her huge nipples could easily be seen. Spiked heels were clearly the only other thing she was wearing. As she escorted us to the bar she introduced herself as Carol, the hostess. She led us to a couch and went to get us drinks. While she was gone we surveyed a room full of people undressed to various degrees. Some were talking, some were looking around as we were and some were fucking! Desiree and I both stopped our eyes on a woman on her hands and knees getting fucked from both ends. Desiree's hand slid up my leg to my cock. She was rubbing my cock and staring at the woman getting fucked when Carol returned. Carol sat down next to Desiree and whispered "Do you like that?" Desiree's yes was filled with lust. Carol and I both turned to face Desiree as I whispered in her ear, "She's a nasty little whore isn't she?"

"Yessss."

"Just like you."

"Yesssss!"

"Watch her get fucked like a whore Desiree!" I whispered loudly as both Carol and I slid our hands Desiree's thighs. 

"Oh fuck!" she moaned as we reached her drenched cunt. I leaned down to bite her hard nipple as Carol slid from the couch and kneeled between Desiree's legs. A dark haired man wearing nothing but a smile and hard cock slid onto the couch where Carol had been. I pulled her top over head. Her hands were on Carol's head, pulling her face into her cunt. For the first time she looked away from the woman getting double fucked to notice the man next to her stroking his cock inches from her face. 

"Do you want to suck his cock?" I asked rhetorically.

"Oh fuck!!!!" was all she could say as Carol made her cum. 

"Suck his cock Desiree! If you're good I'll let you fuck him." She wrapped her lips around his cock immediately. I stood and removed my pants. I kneeled on the couch and began stroking my cock next to her face. 

"Suck us both, you nasty fucking whore!" I commanded her. She reached up to take a cock in either hand as she alternated from his cock to mine. 

"Do you want to be fucked Desiree?"

"Yes!!!!"

"How do you want to be fucked?"

"I don't care! Just please fuck me! I need to be fucked!!"

"I think you need to make Carol cum before you get the cock you want"

"Anything! I don't care!"

"Eat Carol's cunt Desiree! Make her cum all over your face!"

Carol got onto the couch, leaning back against the arm, while Desiree crawled between her legs. She was on her knees, with her ass in the air. The dark haired man moved behind her and began to lick her pussy and ass. Desiree pushed back against his mouth as she ate Carol urgently. Carol had her hands wrapped in Desiree's hair as she screamed, "Eat me you fucking bitch! Make me cum!"

I moved around to push my cock into Carol's mouth. She sucked me down to my balls with little effort! As I fucked her mouth she wrapped her legs around Desiree's neck. I pulled my cock from her mouth as she came, screaming obscenities at Desiree. I gently slid Carol to the floor and moved into her position at the end of the couch. 

"Do you want what that little whore was getting?" I asked Desiree.

"Yessss!!! Please!"

"Please what?"

"Please fuck me!!!"

With that the dark haired man shoved his cock all the way into her cunt in one powerful thrust. I grabbed her hair and lifted her mouth to my cock. She obediently opened her mouth for my cock. She was moaning and thrusting back and forth uncontrollably. Her orgasms seemed continuous. I loved seeing her completely overcome with lust! The dark haired man pulled his cock out of her pussy and asked "Do you want me to fuck your ass?"

"Yes!! Yesss!! Yesss!!!" she screamed. He pushed his cock against her ass, letting her get accustomed to his cock, but she was too hungry to wait. She pushed back hard as his cock disappeared into her ass. Her screaming became louder and more insistent. 

"Jerk me off!" I yelled at her. "Make me cum on your face!" As the dark haired man pulled out and came all over her ass an incredibly intense orgasm took control of me as I shot my cum all over her face. She looked up at me and stuck her tongue out to receive the biggest load of cum I had ever shot. The look on her face will fuel my fantasies forever.