 "Oh my God, Susan."

Ashley clicked the mouse and John's next photo filled the monitor.

"Susan!"

Ashley stared at the picture of Susan, a former elementary school teacher and current model, lying on her back on John's bed, a fellow model licking her clit while being fucked from behind by her boyfriend.

"You? In a threesome?" Ashley asked incredulously.

"Don't knock it until you've tried it," Susan replied. "Besides, it turned into a foursome."

Ashley pulled back from the computer desk. She looked at John in disbelief.

He shrugged timidly. "Hey, they invited me, and..."

"Oh, shut up." Ashley hit the mouse. "Jesus."

Susan giggled and John tried not to. He suspected Ashley, with whom he had an intimate if not long-term relationship, was more turned on by the pictures than appalled.

At the end of the show, Ashley tried to summarize her thoughts. "Well, uh, they're very good, John. As usual. And Susan, I...I don't know what to say."

"Oh, come on," Susan said. "It wasn't planned. It was fun. And really erotic. I'd do it again."

Ashley looked at Susan with a puzzled look on her face. But she knew the younger, unattached model was more likely to try something new much more quickly than herself. Ashley was OK with fooling around with John after a photo session in private. But she questioned her willingness to get in bed with that many friends at a time. At least without heavy drinking beforehand.

"What do you think the old hags at school would think about THAT?" Ashley asked, pointing to the screen.

"Don't know," Susan said. "Don't care."

John and Ashley did have to care because they still taught school and needed this type of photo shoot to be kept secret. They trusted each other totally, as well as the couple in the pictures, who were friends of Susan from her modeling career.

"It does make you wonder, though, what some of the girls, and guys, at work would do in private?" Ashley was staring off into space while asking the question. "How many of the women would let another woman go down on them? Which guys would get in bed with which girls?"

John was getting refills for everyone, but heard the random thoughts being expressed. He walked back into the family room.

"You know what we need in our district is an unofficial yearbook. Not the standard crappy head and shoulder shots, but real poses," he said, sitting on the couch. "Let the people wear whatever they want. Or NOT wear whatever they want. And be with whomever they want in whatever poses they want."

Susan and Ashley were quiet. But their expressions indicated to John he wasn't totally being blown off.

"A staff directory. But only for the eyes of the staff," Ashley said.

"Exactly," John agreed.

"I think you should do it," Susan said nonchalantly.

"Oh, sure. It's not your career on the line," Ashley replied.

"What? You think somebody's going to agree to the pictures, have them taken, and then distribute the disk to somebody so they can be fired?" Susan asked.

"And bring half the staff down with them?" John added.

"Do you really think we could get half of the staff?" Ashley said.

There was silence for a moment.

"Only one way to find out," John concluded.

#

A couple nights later the trio was back together at John's Victorian mansion for a planning session. Although Susan no longer worked in the school district with John and Ashley, she still kept in touch with many of the younger teachers and could act as a contact person if necessary.

"OK. We need to figure out who we want in the yearbook first," Ashley said. She put the district's phone directory on the coffee table and they began the tedious task of putting a 'yes' or 'no' next to each name.

When that was done and they had taken a break for snacks, Susan got them back on track by saying, "Now we need a plan on how to contact these people."

"I suggest we send them one of your nude poses with the caption, 'This could be you'," John said with a smile.

Susan gave him a derisive gaze.

"How about a small card we can put into envelopes. Nothing to indicate what it is. I can deliver them myself, either in the mailboxes or right to their desk, or both. We don't want the ones not invited to get suspicious," Ashley proposed.

"We need to personalize them somehow so somebody doesn't stick one into a mailbox of somebody we didn't invite and have them show up," John said.

They all agreed. Another meeting was scheduled to begin the process. School would be starting back up in a couple weeks and everything would be in place by then. The rest of the evening was spent fantasizing about who each of them would like to be with in the photo sessions. Of course, Ashley and John kept trying to pair Susan with an attractive female teacher and, each time, Susan laughed a little harder.

#

Ashley chose one of the days that school was open for classroom clean-up prior to students arriving to start distributing the eighty invitations. The invitation was a simple note on a card advising the selected teachers that a yearbook was being prepared that would only be shared with the participants and that there were no restrictions on what kind of photo they wanted taken. Teachers were told they could pose alone, in pairs or in groups, wearing whatever they wanted. It listed John's and Susan's phone numbers. John's because they knew he was an amateur portrait photographer and Susan's because they knew she was a magazine model.

It took Ashley two days to hit every school in the district. That evening, John's phone started to ring.

To the surprise of the three organizers of the yearbook, many more females called than males. Actually, there were a higher percentage of females that called than there were a percentage of female teachers in the district. This thrilled John. But Susan and Ashley were still satisfied at the number, and quality, of guys that called for appointments. Several pairs called in, some of which shocked John, Susan and Ashley and some of which did not.

The first photo session was in five days.

The first subject was one of the teachers at John's high school, Amy Bolden. Amy was around thirty, John guessed, with a slim body that she seldom drew attention to with her clothing. She was tall with a great face and straight, unassuming hair. John didn't expect much more than some playful shots of the shy geography teacher.

But Amy had requested that the pictures be taken at her house. This led John to believe that maybe she was going to be more daring than he thought, and that she felt more comfortable doing it in surroundings she knew. He'd just have to wait to find out.

On the appointed evening, John showed up at Amy's house. She met him dressed in a simple t-shirt and shorts. Amy explained that her husband was out of town on business, building up John's hope that he'd get to see much more of the woman.

They sat for a few moments before Amy asked if it was OK if they used the pool area as the backdrop for the pictures.

"Certainly," John said. "That would be perfect this late in the evening. The lighting should be great."

She led them onto the back porch and out to the tiled area around the pool. John only had to carry his camera and a tripod for the outdoors session and was ready to go in short order.

"Is that what you want to wear?" John asked.

"No. Actually, I've got a suit on." With that, Amy pulled off her t-shirt and shorts to reveal a brightly colored, and very tiny, bikini. It was as if a new woman now stood in front of John. Every inch of Amy's otherwise undistinguished figure came into view. Her small breasts teased John from behind the diminutive pieces of material and her waist, hips and legs were much curvier without shorts on.

"Wow. I like it," was all John could say at first. "That works."

"How about on the edge of the pool?" she asked, walking towards the water.

John couldn't take his eyes off her ass as it swung back and forth. Then she sat on the edge and put her feet into the water.

"Let me get on the other side," John said, scurrying around the end of the pool to face her head on. He zoomed in, focused, and began shooting.

Amy was a natural poser. She crossed her legs, uncrossed them, lifted her hair with her hands, leaned from side to side and obeyed every one of John's commands. Any one of the pictures would have been fine. But she wasn't done.

She dropped into the water and John moved back around to get closer to her. Taking several shots from just a couple feet in front of her and well above here, he was able to capture most of her tantalizing breasts. Sensing what John was focusing on, Amy leaned on the tiled edge of the pool, further highlighting her breasts.

Then she let her legs stretch out behind her. Seconds later her flawlessly shaped ass was peeking above the water. John could feel the familiar twinge between his legs that signaled the start of an erection.

Without any direction from John, Amy floated backwards. Water was up to her neck. She reached back and untied the top of her bikini. Still underwater, she took it off and tossed it next to John. She smiled at him seductively.

Amy treaded water in the decreasing light of dusk. John was delighted with the light acting with the action of the water to just hide Amy's upper body. At the same time, he desperately hoped he would get to see more of her.

She floated for a while, bobbing up and down just enough so that her nipples always remained below the surface. But John was able to get some interesting shots of the top of her breasts emerging above the little waves.

Then she settled down and John saw her hands working under the water. Just as he thought he figured out what she was doing, her bikini bottoms were flying out of the pool onto the tile floor. He was right.

Amy was in the middle of the pool now. John waited for her to make the next move. When she did, he was pleasantly surprised.

She leaned back and allowed her nude body to drift to the surface. John took a deep breath and took some shots of her gently curving chest, flat stomach, and neatly trimmed pussy. She looked like a teenager with her perfect skin.

John took advantage of Amy floating with her eyes closed to readjust his cock. How long could he go without her noticing? Or had she already?

"Why don't you get in?" she asked suddenly.

"Oh, I didn't bring a suit," John said.

"You don't need one."

Her meaning was perfectly clear. And he'd learned a long time ago not to be overly embarrassed by an erection during one of these sessions. So he began to undress.

Amy watched as John pulled down his shorts and boxers. She was pleased by the obvious excitement her nudity had caused in the photographer. Her pussy tingled with anticipation as John slid into the water with a splash.

Amy slowly drifted over to John. They stood in the pool only an arm's length apart.

"How'd I do?" she asked.

"You were great. It seemed very natural."

"Have the others done this, too?" she questioned him.

"Uh. You're the first," he said. "I mean, you're the first to pose."

"You're kidding. Wow. I hope I'm not the only one to want to do this," she said.

"Me, too." John was very serious.

Amy had inched her way forward until they were nearly touching. She reached out and found his cock, wrapping her fingers around the thick shaft. Then she kissed John lightly on the cheek.

Before their heads separated again, their mouths were together and John put his hand on the back of Amy's head. Tongues darted in and out as their bodies came together in the water.

Amy could feel John's cock stiffen the more they kissed. She finally let go and her breasts pressed against his chest when they hugged. Amy held onto his shoulders and wrapped her legs around his waist.

John easily carried Amy by the ass until they reached the edge of the pool in the shallow end. He set her down and stood in front of her, between her legs. His cock was fully erect and aching to feel the tightness of her cunt.

Amy leaned back and awaited the pleasure of John's thick shaft entering her body. She was plenty wet both from the pool and from lust. When the tip of his cock entered her and she felt the walls of her pussy expanding, she knew it wouldn't take long to cum.

John was very gentle. His cock easily slid forward as he pulled Amy towards him. They began to fuck while John held Amy by the waist.

Her small breasts were too inviting to ignore. He leaned down and sucked on them, causing her to squeeze his cock even more tightly. She moaned her encouragement and John brought both nipples to full, pink erection.

Amy put her arms around John's neck and cried out, "Yes, John. I'm cumming. I'm cumming."

Her body quivered for a second before she started pushing her hips forward to match John's thrusts. Her little cries of satisfaction seemed to go on forever as John felt her body shake. Amy hung to him tightly until she was done, then collapsed onto the tile floor again with John still inside her.

She looked up and John said, "Get in, and turn around."

Amy smiled as she fell feet first into the water. Then she turned, placed her hands on the edge of the pool and stuck out her cute, little ass at John. She reached back and helped guide him to her cunt. Then she felt the cock enter her again.

John slammed up against her ass with each thrust. Water splashed around them as they fucked harder. Each time he looked down on the marvelous little ass he wanted to cum.

Finally, he did. The first spurt of cum was a wonderful release of tension. The half dozen or so shots that followed were pure lust. He gripped her small tits and played with the nipples, smacking up against her ass until he couldn't cum any more.

It was almost dark now and they struggled up onto the deck where they embraced. Amy brought towels and they began the process of dressing and gathering up John's stuff.

#

"Yes, I'm going to do it," Ashley said into the phone.

"With clothes on or off?"

She was talking to Dan, a forty year old high school science teacher with the body of a man half his age. It sounded to her as if he had no clue she was one of the organizers of the yearbook project.

"At least partially off," Ashley said. "I'll have to see how brave I get at the time. John makes you feel real comfortable."

"So you've posed for him before?" Dan asked.

Ashley cringed at being caught. "Just once. For a portrait. Nothing erotic."

It was a lie, of course, and she'd have to tell John about it so Dan didn't expect anything later.

"Well, I guess I'll do it, but is it OK if I ask you to be there for encouragement?"

Dan and Ashley had been friends since Dan went through a messy divorce a couple years earlier. There had never been anything sexual between them, but that was mainly because of the ten year age difference. Ashley, in fact, found him very attractive.

"I'd be glad to be there, Dan," Ashley assured him. "Should I have John call you for an appointment?"

"Sure. Before I chicken out."

Ashley told John about the call the next day and the arrangements were quickly made between John and Dan. Ashley was certainly more excited about Dan being in on the yearbook project than John was. Since his escapade with Amy, the photo sessions had tamed down to some lingerie and topless shots, but nothing that resulted in the type of romp he had in Amy's pool.

So, when Dan showed up for his appointment, and a few minutes later Ashley walked in, he expected just another hour of work. They decided John's upstairs studio was suitable for the type of poses Dan had in mind and they all headed up there.

Dan stripped down to a pair of gym shorts. Ashley, seated in the corner of the room, admired his well-toned, muscled upper body and his strong legs. She couldn't believe this man was forty something.

"Use any of the chairs and couches in whatever manner you want," John told his subject. "Just relax. Have fun with this. What you don't like we won't use."

Dan felt better and decided to gain some self-assurance by pretending he was flirting with Ashley. Or did he need to pretend? She looked great in her sleeveless blouse. It hugged her body and highlighted her breasts. She might have been braless, but he couldn't tell. Anyway, she'd be his inspiration.

The first few shots were fairly routine, more or less to get Dan used to the camera and the flashing lights around him. Then he settled into more relaxed poses.

John and Ashley quickly determined, unbeknownst to the other, that Dan's ass was one of his best attributes. Only one of them, Ashley, had an urge to see it bare and put her hands on it. Ten minutes into the session she felt her pussy begin to moisten.

Ashley and John had been together long enough that John had a pretty good sense of what Ashley thought about people. Their previous discussions had led him to believe that she was attracted to Dan. She was probably sitting there praying Dan would get naked for them. But, it didn't look like it was going to happen. He'd have to intervene.

"I think we've got about every shot we can get," John said. "Do you want to try anything different, Dan?"

It was a loaded question that Dan hesitated to answer. "No. I don't think so."

John thought he did.

"How about you and Ashley?" John suggested casually.

The smile on Ashley's face was worth a million dollars to John.

"Well, only if she wants." Always the gentleman, Dan's pulse quickened at the thought.

"Come on, Ashley," John urged her.

She tried not to jump out of her chair. Ashley walked over to Dan and stood next to him. She was a good four or five inches shorter than Dan and appeared more petite than usual next to the powerful teacher.

He put his arm around Ashley and she snuggled closer. After a couple shots she slid her hand down his back and just inside the waistband of his trunks.

"Hey," Dan said playfully, only half-heartedly trying to pull away.

Ashley moved behind him and wrapped her arms around both waists. She peaked out from the back and let John take a picture. Dan could feel her body against his; the material of her blouse and the softness of her breasts.

The more she touched his chest and stomach the more aroused he got. Pretty soon he wouldn't be able to hide it and the thought scared him.

"It seems to me either one of you has to get dressed or the other needs to take something off," John said. The logic of his statement made perfect sense to Dan and Ashley.

Ashley played with Dan's nipples for a second. There was silence for what seemed an eternity.

"I guess it's me, then," Ashley said.

"No. You don't have to...," Dan started to say.

"Shhh," Ashley whispered into his ear. "It's OK."

She began to unbutton her blouse. Dan looked around just enough to see her start, then turned back to face John. When she was done, Ashley held the blouse open and pressed her bare breasts against Dan's back, once again holding him in her arms.

John moved to their side, capturing the eroticism of Ashley's partial nakedness touching Dan's muscular body. Ashley had a grin that John recognized from right before she and he had sex.

John also recognized the protrusion at the front of Dan's trunks. He suspected Ashley would take things to the next level fairly quickly.

Sure enough, her hand slid down past Dan's stomach. Inside his trunks. And directly to his cock.

Dan's eyes were closed as Ashley began to stroke him. She had magical fingers, as John knew all too well. Would Dan get to experience the delight of her mouth? John hoped so.

"Turn around," Ashley murmured.

Dan was nervous and seriously considered ending the session. But he wondered if this opportunity would ever arise again. He thought not and spun to face Ashley.

"Take off my blouse," she said.

Dan looked down. Only the nipples of Ashley's marvelous breasts hid inside her shirt. Dan took the collar on each side and pushed it down her arms. When the blouse came free he tossed it onto a chair.
