 He was sitting on the porch at his house wondering what to do next. Brian had run into another bad stream of luck, and wasn't sure how to fix his life this time. He was lonely, single and rarely working which left him home alone most evenings, and even if he had felt like going out he had no money to spend. 

Brian's bad luck had started back in high school when he was involved in a car wreck, which left him in a wheelchair. Breaking six ribs, his pelvis in two places, along with severe internal injuries and a head injury just about took his life away from him. However, since that time he had learned to adapt to just about any situation so he could do as much as possible despite the wheelchair, but naturally there were something's that he just could not do. All Brian needed to do now was find a way to adapt and deal with his latest shitty situation. 

At least sex was something that he could still do and he prided himself on his ability to do it well and please a woman. The woman just had to be comfortable enough to try new things and positions with him in order for them both to receive maximum pleasure out of the experience. An even though his thick cock worked perfectly some positions were out of the question due to his lack of mobility. 

The missionary being the number one position that was out of that equation due to the fact that he had limited lower body movement. Not that he had a problem with being on the bottom during his rare, but energetic sexual encounters. Nor, had any of the women that he had made love with in the past ever seemed to have any problems reaching multiple orgasms. Yet, it was always there in the back of his mind that maybe his partner would rather be on the bottom, or doggie, or any other of a number of positions that he couldn't perform. In this he was sure that the reason he had had limited sexual encounters was because of his perceived inabilities and the wheelchair.

An acquaintance of his invited him to a Christmas party and told Brian he should stop by as it would be a good time with lots of women there. Then the guy mentioned, "Hell if nothing else happens for you at least there will be plenty of free liquor and you can get a good drunk on." 

With those words echoing in his head Brian decided he could use a good "drunk on", even if he didn't lucky at the party. But, tonight Brian's luck would start to take a change for the better. 

He showed up at the party around 7 o'clock and some of the people already at the party helped him and the wheelchair in the front door. Not to be considered a poor guest Brian brought plenty of items to add to the already overflowing bar. There were several kinds of beer, domestic, foreign and various bottles of liquor that added up to more than he cared to count. Upon seeing the overflowing bar Brian realized he definitely had the option of getting beyond drunk if nothing else happened.

Grabbing a cold beer Brian made his way wheeling through the party talking and joking with all the other guests, until he finally meet his vision of beauty a young lady named Robin. 

She was strikingly beautiful and just happened to be sitting alone on a couch in the living room. He made his way to her but once he got there was not sure what to say. The same ole' pickup lines just didn't seem right for this situation so he decided to try something new. 

He just wheeled up to her and introduced himself, Hi...I'm Brian. Mind if I have a seat? She looked up at him and their eyes meet and her 1st words captured his heart. "Looks like you already got a seat, but if you want to the spots open." 

Brian had heard those kinds of off humor comments since he acquired the wheelchair, but this time it was different. It was more than a joke, it was a challenge. Smiling back at her Brian responded with, "Well then move your smartass over cause I'm sitting down."

After transferring over to the couch Robin looked over at him and started to apologize for the offbeat comment, but stopped mid-sentence when she realized that he had just made a comment about her ass.... 

She looked at him and asked, "Ok now who's the smartass?" Then she made sure to follow up with, "Besides I think I have a very nice ass." 

Brian sat there for a second and wondered just how nice an ass it was before he finally stated that if it was so nice she should let him see it, to which they both shared a laugh. 

This was the start of the teasing banter the two kept up till the early morning hours. During this time Brian learned a great deal about Robin and she learned quiet a bit about him to. He learned that she had been invited to the party by a girl that the host was dating and other than that girl she didn't know anyone. As the night progressed they kept talking, drinking and flirting with each other with obvious abandon until sunrise.

The next day as Brian prepared to leave the leftover party and make his way home he told Robin, "Hey I'm having a New Year's Eve party at my place next week and if you wanna come by you're more than invited." 

She mentioned that she would like that and would try and be there. With that they shared a simple, but sweet kiss and Brian went on his way. But before he left Brian made sure to tell Robin, "Make sure you bring your smartass with you when you come to my party." To which she replied, "I never leave home without it." 

During the next week Robin and her smart, but fine shaped round ass rarely left Brian's thoughts and he wondered if she would really come to the party. 

With the music thumping and the noise from the party goers at the New Year's Eve party it was difficult for Brian to keep track of how everything was going at the party. Being the best possible host he made his way around the house making sure everyone's drink was full and that everyone was having a great time. 

Then across the living room he saw the door open as Robin walked in, and he thought to himself, "Damn she really came." He looked her over from a distance and couldn't help but notice how truly captivating her beauty was. Trying to not make it completely obvious that he was making a B-line straight for her Brian made his way to the door to great Robin. 

"Hey, glad you could make it." as they shared a kiss on the cheek. 

"I wouldn't have missed it for the world," as she laid her coat down and surveyed the room. 

The majority of the people at the party were the same people she had met the week before at the Christmas party so she felt at ease already with the crowd. Saying her hellos to the other couple's and partygoers as she mingled Robin was handed some sort of rum filled drink. 

Sipping it she found out that it was really good and turned to see who had made the drink for her, only to find Brian standing there with a bottle of 151 Rum in hand. "Hope you like the drink, I made it just for you" a Brian put the cap back on the bottle. With a simple wink she thanked Brian as they fell into the earlier week's habit of making small talk with everyone and each other.

Brian finally got her alone and asked her if she would like a tour of the house, which she graciously accepted. It was a small house so the tour didn't take long till they were at the final room of the house, Brian's bedroom. He opened the door to show her in and as she walked in she couldn't help but notice how well kept the room was for a bachelor. 

Robin hoped up on his big double bed and teasingly asked Brian, "So this were you an all your girlfriends sleep?" With a low chuckle he couldn't help but mention again that he was single, as she already knew and it had been quite a while since there had been a woman in that bed. 

Robin set her drink down on nightstand and then lay back in the bed enjoying the comfort of the soft bed. Brian just sat there in his wheelchair enjoying the view as Robin suddenly looked up and over her firm breasts at him and asked, "You don't mind if I stay here for the night do you?" To which he replied probably too quickly, "There's room enough for both of us if you don't mind sleeping next to a guy in a wheelchair." 

Her only response was, "As long as the wheelchair ain't coming to bed with us." They laughed at her comment and then Brian said that it would just be her and him in the bed, unless she wanted something or someone else in bed with them? 

At this she thought for a moment and then said, "No, you and me should be plenty."

With the tour of the house over they refilled their drinks and rejoined the rest of the party. As the night progressed Brian realized that the more he got to know about this tantalizing woman the more he realized his attraction was more than just physical, though the partial erection he was sporting for her was never far from his thoughts. 

Hoping she was feeling at least part of the attraction to him that he was for her he waited till there was a lull in the party to get her off to the side to talk to her. 

"Robin, I know we just met and all and this may come as a surprise to you but," at which point in time she touched a finger to his lips silencing him. She then leaned forward and gave him what he thought was the most passionate kiss he had ever received. As the kiss ended Brian looked into her eyes and realized that she wanted him as much as he wanted her. 

With that they stole away from the dwindling crowd and headed back to his bedroom. With Robin in his lap kissing him Brian found it difficult to concentrate on wheeling down the hall, yet he had the need and desire to take them to his room as fast as he could possibly wheel.

Upon entering his room Robin jumped up off of his lap as she stood there and looked at Brian. Realizing that she was wondering what to do next? Brian locked his brakes on the wheelchair and motioned for her to come to him, which she gladly did. 

Easing her firm full ass back into his lap Brian kissed Robin's lips as he slowly peeled the tight shirt off of her. As he had suspected she was not wearing a bra making it that much easier to for him to get to her firm B cup breasts. Kissing, licking and nibbling his way from breast to breast Brian enjoyed the feeling of her nipples hardening in his mouth as he felt Robin start to dry hump his lap while she softly moaned causing his thick cock to become even harder. 

Wheeling her over to the bed and helping her onto it, Brian left Robin's legs hanging off the side. Looking into her eyes, making sure it was ok before he made his next move he reached up and unbuttoned her jeans. As Robin smiled at him he slowly pulled the zipper down, while he leaned up and kissed her stomach. 

Robin softly moaned in pleasure as she responded to Brian's kisses, while he slowly pulled her jeans off of her firm round ass. Sliding the jeans down her legs, while he kissed the front of her moist panties Brian had completely forgotten about the wheelchair for the first time since his car wreck. 

Robin's moans became louder causing Brian's actions became braver. First a gentle lick along the elastic band of her panties, Second pushing his fat wide tongue just inside her panties, Third slowly pulling her panties down as he ground his tongue down upon her sweet slit. Looking up at her as he softly sucked on her clit, Robin stifled a scream as she ordered him, "Eat my pussy baby.....mmmm yea....eat my pussy." 

Savoring the taste of the sweetest pussy he had ever had in his mouth Brian lay there licking, sucking and teasing Robin until she begged him to stop for a moment so she could catch her breath. As Brian stopped Robin saw her chance to find out more about her new lover.

She sat up, kissed Brian and quickly ripped the shirt off of him. Before his shirt even hit the floor Robin was working on getting his belt and jeans undone. She stopped momentarily to look into Brian's blue eyes and realized that he was watching her hands as she undressed him. 

Gently motioning his face to look at her by lifting his chin she kissed him on the lips. As she pushed her tongue into his mouth Robin was greeted by Brian's tongue as they wrapped around each other in a kiss filled with desire and need. 

Breaking the kiss for a second Robin looked down as she pulled his zipper down and slowly slide her hand into his pants. She was pleased to find him partially aroused as she slowly stroked his thick penis inside his jeans to full arousal. Then with his help she took his jeans off, along with the black boxer briefs he was wearing. 

With Brian fully naked Robin was greeted by a very erect thick cock pointing at her as she bent down and slowly took him into her mouth. Gently sucking on Brian's thick cock as she bobbed her head up and down slowly, she smiled when she heard Brian moan and then felt him rest his hand upon her head. The hand didn't direct her faster or deeper it was just there in order for Brian to support himself. "I've dreamed of what this would feel like since I first meet you, mmmmm yea, suck my fat cock baby." 

Robin felt Brian start to tense up and not wanting him to climax to quickly she stopped the wonderful head job she was giving him and motioned for Brian to get onto the bed. 

With a slight breath of disappointment Brian transferred from the wheelchair to the bed as quickly as he could. Now that he was in the bed with this lovely fully naked woman Brian started to get a little nervous as he wasn't sure what he should do next, or what she wanted him to do next. 

Luckily for him Robin had already made that decision as she leaned over and nibbled on his neck. Then before he could barely realize it Robin threw a leg over and mounted him. 

Sliding his hands to her hips Brian slowly eased Robin down onto his hard prick. With her moist tight pussy stuffed full of his hard thick prick Robin ground herself onto him cowgirl style. 

Sharing a soft moan of pleasure she slowly started rocking her hips back and forth, up and down, bucking and thrusting until she had them both soaked with her sweet juices. Brian could hear how wet Robin had become as their bodies smacked together while she was riding him. "AAAhhhh fuck my tight pussy....harder...faster.....harder" as Robin bounced up an down on his engorged prick. 

Reaching up Brian started rubbing Robin's clit as she rode him. The louder Robin moaned the faster Brian rubbed her clit. Side to Side..Faster..Harder..Faster. As Robin did her best to try and match the rhythm of her hips with the rhythm of Brian's fingers on her clit.

Realizing he wasn't going to be able to last much longer at this pace and wanting to make sure Robin either came before him or at least at the same time he did Brian started doing everything he could to make her CUM and CUM HARD. He pulled her down to him as he kissed, licked and sucked on each nipple. 

This direct teasing only producing more and even louder moans from Robin, which only heightened Brian's level of excitement pushing him closer to the edge. Sitting up Brian pulled Robin's tight little pussy down onto him hard by her hips driving him even deeper. The deep hard thrust being what Robin had needed to push her over the edge as she had a tremendous orgasm. 

Soaking Brian with her juices as she felt his stiff cock start to flex and pump her pussy full of his sticky sweet cum as she milked him dry. 

Spent Robin collapsed onto his chest as he wrapped his arms around her, holding her, as the both relished what had just happened between them. Looking into each other's eyes Brian leaned up and softly kissed her lips, thanking her for sharing his bed with him. 

Once their breathing had finally returned to normal and they could talk Brian asked her if she had been nervous about sleeping with him since he was in a wheelchair? 

To which she replied, "If it don't bother you, it don't bother me." Then she looked at the wheelchair and then looked at Brian, "Next time can we try it in the wheelchair?" 

This surprised Brian as he was not sure when the next time would be, but he said that sounded like a great idea to him. Then shyly he looked at her and asked, "So when do you think our next time would be?" 

To which she replied, "Oh bout 10 minutes if you think you're UP for it..." Brian laid his head back on the bed to catch a quick breath as he realized maybe his luck wasn't so bad afterall.