 As I climbed Wilson Peak in my RV, I wondered if I was going to be in for a storm tonight. Off to the west, dark, angry looking clouds were backlit by the late afternoon sun and moving my way. Being kind of a geek, I keep track of the weather anywhere I travel and there had been no mention of rain, just some wind and temperatures dipping into the mid-30's, not unusual for these mountains in late September. This area was popular for hikers, backpackers and primitive campers that required no facilities. As I cleared the last switchback, I was rewarded with a magnificent view of the surrounding mountains and valleys below. Very few RV's came up here, mostly because they would have trouble with the climb, but among the modifications I had made to my camper was a low gear, high torque transmission. Add that to the fact that my whole rig was only about 24 feet, and I could get around just about anywhere. Spotting a level place close to the side of the mountain, I pulled my RV into an area about 30 feet off the dirt road. This should offer me plenty of privacy while I could still enjoy the sun setting over the mountains to the west from my living room. 

After leveling and sliding out my living room and bedroom, I decided to take a walk. I threw on a light jacket and stepped out the door. To my surprise, it was cold—a lot colder than I expected it to be. I traded the light jacket for a heavier one and went back out for a walk around the mountain. 

Wilson Peak and the surrounding mountains were bathed in the warm golden light of the dying day. It was Sunday so most weekend users were gone and I had the mountain to myself. There was a gravel parking lot up ahead for backpackers and only one car remained. From there, about six trailheads took hikers in all different directions. I walked to the eastern edge of the parking lot and looked over. There was a lake about 4 or 5 miles down one trail to the southeast. Even from here the mirrored surface reflected the dark, fiery outlined clouds now blowing over the mountains, driven by the careless wind.

I smiled, thinking I will enjoy hiking that trail in the morning.

Making my way back to the RV, I nixed the fleeting idea that I would cook my dinner outside tonite. The wind was just too cold. So I decided to deploy my solar panels and satellite dish on the roof and call it a night.

***************************** 

My name is Mike...well, Michael Lowery and I have had an uneventful life, at least until recently. I was kind of a wild kid, which landed me in trouble with the law and I was given a choice of jail or the military. I chose the Navy, because at least I could go places. To my surprise, I liked it more than I expected so I stayed for 20 years, entered OCS and was promoted, retiring at 38 as Commander of a small frigate. During my time in I went around the world several times and enjoyed the company of ladies from all 7 continents. I can't say that I preferred any one country or race, but I seemed to gravitate toward women with good sized tits and long legs. Those I remember most fondly were Japanese women for their need to please their man, and Scandinavians for their long legs, high asses and great tits.

But all that ended once I retired and moved to Denver to be near my brother and sisters. There, I met and married Felecia—a walking wet dream that was a ferocious fuck. Our first time together she tore my clothes off and had my cock in her mouth before we even got through the door to my apartment. As I watched her lick and nibble my dick, she described the things she wanted to do: 

"Ohhh, I want to suck your cock until you cum in my mouth and on my tits." Then she did it, driving my cock down her throat while looking up at my face. Her hazel eyes watered as she forced my cock to the back of her mouth and further. Every few strokes she would take my wet cock from her mouth, lick it and spit on it. 

"Do you like that?" she said, "do you like fucking my mouth while I play with my pussy?" 

She put my hand on the back of her head and urged me to fuck her mouth harder. 

"Come on baby," she cooed, "fuck my mouth like a slut. Give me that hot cum!" A minute later I felt the cum boil up in my balls. 

"I'm gonna cum," I cried out. 

"Do it!' she said, "give me all your cum!"

The orgasm started in the bottom of my feet and came up through my cock as jet after delirious jet shot into her mouth. She swallowed the first couple of blasts, then pulled my shining dick from her mouth and jacked the rest onto her face and tits. It was the hottest, most intense blowjob I ever had. 

But she didn't stop there. She went into the bathroom, got a warm washcloth and cleaned herself and me. Then she took my softening cock back into her mouth and slowly sucked it back to life. 

Twenty minutes later I was fucking her against the wall, her knees hooked over my elbows as she scratched my back and begged for more. Her tight pussy clung desperately to my hard cock as I banged her for all I was worth. 

She had those high 34D tits with ski slope nipples that look so good on women. I loved feeling her long, muscular legs wrap around my back, heels hitting my legs as she pulled my ass to her and urged me to fuck her harder. 

Like I said, I married her two years out of the Navy and she about wore me out sometimes. But a Navy buddy offered me a job with his financial services firm and I had to spend a lot of time on the road. Three weeks out of the month I would travel and when I got home we would fuck like banshees—anywhere. In the car, the back yard, the woods, we even slipped into a broom closet at a museum that was having a display of erotic art. 

But as the years wore on and I traveled more often, the fire died down until it was almost out. Then one day when I came back unexpectedly early from a trip, I caught her fucking our married neighbor Bob down the street—the one she claimed to hate. I remember seeing them through the bedroom door and my heart just sunk. I didn't know what to do. Part of me wanted to burst in and kill them both, part wanted to just leave and never come back. In the end, I decided to record them on my cell phone video. I got about 5 minutes of the hot action, Felecia riding him cowgirl and Bob fucking her from the back, ending with him cumming in her mouth. Then I left, and called her from a bar down the street. I said I would be home in a few minutes and did she want to go out for dinner. She said no, she was tired and would rather just stay home tonight. We had dinner at home and sat on the sofa watching TV when I said "Hey, I have a video you might like."

At first her eyes got huge and she started to stammer out some lame excuses. But then she started crying and asked me to forgive her, that she only did it because she was so lonely. But she had fallen in love with Bob, and didn't know how to tell me. I told her to pack her stuff and get out, that I was filing for divorce. 

***********************************

The inside of the RV had gotten cold so I turned the heat on and put on a sweater. The wind had started to blow harder and I was getting a bad feeling about this storm. I cracked a beer and put a steak out to defrost. After checking my email, I directed the satellite dish to a weather channel. What I heard was not good news. A freak snowstorm was heading toward Wilson Peak and the surrounding mountains were expected to get up to two feet of snow. 

I evaluated my options. They also were not good. I could pack up and try getting down the mountain in the dark in a snowstorm without chains on. Or I could stay and ride the storm out, hoping that they could plow the road before I ran out of supplies.

Fortunately, before I started up Wilson Peak, I filled up with water, propane and gasoline. A full tank of water would last me up to 4 days if I was careful and I could always melt snow if needed. There was ¾ tank of gas to run the generator and for heat in the daytime. The fridge would run on propane or 12 volt. I could use propane at night and 12 volt during the day when the solar panels would recharge. Heat, hot water and cooking were also propane so I would have to conserve it, although I always keep a 2 gallon emergency backup bottle in the storage bins. 

I had enough fresh food to last 4 days before I would have to turn to canned foods for another 3. 

And as a last, last resort, I had cross country skis that I was sure would get me down the mountain.

It was settled, then. I was home here for the next few days. Outside, the first flurries were being driven against the windows. I decided to get my shovel out from the lower storage before it got buried in snow. The sun had gone down and the snow was obscuring any view of the other peaks or valleys. It was good that I had parked near the mountain because that would protect one side of the coach from the snow, but I knew the driving wind would cause snow drifts against the door on the other side. I just hoped they wouldn't be too high. 

Back inside, I radioed the local police and forest service to give my location, situation and plans. They told me to sit tight and they would get a plow up to me within 48 hours after the snow stops. As I was shutting down the radio, I heard what I assumed to be that last car from the parking area fly down the road, moving fast. I silently wished them good luck on the mountain.

I turned the thermostat down to 60 and put on another sweatshirt. I ate dinner with a nice Pinot Noir and enjoyed a brandy while watching a DVD, then went to bed early with the moaning of the wind outside.

******************************

I had done pretty well in my buddy's financial services business. Really well in fact. Over the last decade I had saved and invested around $900,000 and my house was paid off. Felecia threatened to take everything I had but then I told her to imagine how it would look when the jury saw that video of she and Bob. For that matter, imagine how Bob's wife would look, and his neighbors and fellow congregants at his church in this very conservative community. 

"So here's the deal, I'll have the house appraised and pay you half of it's value," I said, "then we are done."

She bitched and moaned but I stuck to my guns and finally, she accepted the deal. A week later I wrote her a check for almost $200,000 and she walked away. 

After that I tried going back to work, but couldn't concentrate and my sales dropped off. Plus, I no longer wanted to travel for work. It was a grind, and I soon realized I would have to resign. But because of the nature of my job, I would still get some residual payments for money I had brought into the firm for years. Between that, my military pension and the dividends from my own investments, I could be pretty comfortable for the foreseeable future.

Turned out that was damn little comfort. I soon fell into a deep depression that I couldn't seem to fight. It was like there was nothing left in my life worth living for. I felt terrible guilt about the failure of my marriage and I suppose on some level, I still loved Felecia. I was drinking a lot and watching TV, and some days I wouldn't even bother to dress. I stopped answering phone calls, texts or emails. For the first time in my life, I didn't have any direction, and it was killing me.