 Sitting back in her seat, Carla took another sip of her coffee, sucked on her cigarette and returned her attention to her newspaper. Skim reading the pages, her eyes flicked over the lines of text without taking in their content. Lost in a world of her own, she ignored the mass of humanity that buzzed purposefully around her. She absently ground the stub of her cigarette into the ashtray in front of her. Pausing only to take another mouthful of coffee, Carla turned the page then reached for her bag. Seconds later, with the filter tip of another cigarette between her lips, she flicked open her lighter and brought the flame towards the end of her cigarette. She inhaled deeply before expelling the smoke from her lungs with a sigh.

A voice intruded itself into her awareness. "Carla?" it said, "Carla Stevenson? Is that you?"

Puzzled, Carla looked up. A man, about the same age as herself, stood at the other side of her table. He had a friendly smile and his dark, brown eyes shone out from an attractive yet strangely familiar face. "I'm sorry," said Carla, trying to collect her thoughts and figure out where she knew this person from.

"It's me, Andy, Andy Rodgers" said the man, "We were at University together."

"Andy, of course," said Carla warmly, putting her newspaper down, "I'm sorry, I didn't recognise you.

Andy shrugged. "Well, it has been at least six years since we last saw each other so that's understandable, he said. "You haven't changed a bit," he added. "Mind if I join you?"

"Be my guest," replied Carla, folding her newspaper and putting it in her bag. "What brings you here?" she asked.

"Work," replied Andy with a shrug. "I work for the company that owns this hotel," he said, "I'm here for a couple of days doing an audit. What about you?"

"Much the same in a way, I guess," said Carla, "My boss is advising a local firm on their pension scheme and I'm helping out. This is where I'm staying while I'm in town."

"So where's your boss now?" enquired Andy.

Carla shrugged. "Out being wined and dined by the company's directors," she replied.

"While you're away from home, alone," said Andy, smiling warmly.

"C' est la vie," replied Carla, answering with a smile of her own.

Andy pulled out a chair and sat down at the table next to Carla. They drank and chatted, filling each other in about the events of the last six years. Carla learnt that Andy's sister, Avril, had got married to someone she'd met at university and was now living in Glasgow. She told Andy how she and another friend from University, Jane had shared a flat for a couple of years before she'd moved to America shortly after getting married.

"So you and Craig never did tie the knot then?" Andy enquired.

"No," replied Carla, "it finally fizzled out about four years ago. We're still very good friends and our paths still cross a couple of times a year." She smiled, wickedly. "He's still good for a damn good shag now and then."

"Some things never change," laughed Andy. "I was always slightly envious of him, you know?"," he added.

"Oh," said Carla, raising an eyebrow enquiringly, "Why?"

"Well, can you blame me when he had one of the hottest girls in our year for a girlfriend?" Andy teased.

"Nice of you to say so," replied Carla, "But I thought you and Sandra ..."

"Yeah well, there was Sandra," Andy said, cutting Carla off, "but that didn't go anywhere really."

"Really?" asked Carla, her surprise clearly evident, "you seemed quite a good match."

"Well, yes, I suppose we were, sort of" replied Andy, "we even kept it going for about six months after graduation until we realised that it was really just a physical thing. It was exciting but it was never really anything more than a bit of fun."

"But if you wanted to enjoy yourself more why didn't you? I mean, you were, and still are a good looking guy"

"Thanks," replied Andy with a shrug, "Dunno really, lack of confidence I guess."

Carla smiled and put a hand, consolingly on Andy's shoulder. As they'd talked, Andy had slowly pulled his chair closer to Carla's and Carla was aware, albeit, distantly, of Andy's knee brushing occasionally against her own.

Carla yawned. "I'm not boring you am I?" asked Andy. There was a note of apprehension in his voice.

"No, no! Not at all," replied Carla reassuringly, "It's just been a long day and it's starting to catch up with me a bit."

"Well," began Andy, enquiringly, "if you wanted too, I could grab a couple of bottles of wine from the bar, then we could head upstairs and carry on chatting?"

The suggestion had been casual, friendly even, yet Carla had to fight back a momentary surge of excitement before answering. "Sure," she said, pleased with herself that her voice sounded normal, "I'd like that."

Pausing only to collect two bottles of wine and a glass each from the bar, they made their way to Andy's room. Once inside, Carla shucked off her coat and sat down as Andy uncorked one of the bottles and filled their glasses. Handing one to Carla, Andy took a long sip of his own drink then sighed deeply. "Make yourself comfy," he said, "If you don't mind I think I'll grab a quick shower before I do anything else?"

"Go ahead," replied Carla, "Oh, but before you go, can I get out onto the balcony? I could do with a smoke."

"Still got some of your bad habits, I see," said Andy, laughing. He quickly unlocked the balcony window. "There you go," he said, "I'll only be a couple of minutes."

"Ta," said Carla as she watched Andy make his way to the bathroom. She stepped quickly out onto the balcony, dug her cigarettes out of her pocket, placed one between her lips and lit up. As she drew the smoke into her lungs she wondered where the evening was heading. Had she read more into Andy's invitation than there actually had been? Could Andy be looking for nothing more than a friendly chat? Carla didn't know. She had always had a bit of a soft spot for him at University but they hadn't been particularly close friends. Something in Andy's manner had suggested that he wanted more than just to spend the night talking about old times. Finishing her cigarette, Carla made her way back inside. Shutting the balcony window behind her, she poured herself another glass of wine and sat down at the table to wait for Andy.

Andy emerged from the bathroom a few minutes later, dressed in a hotel bath robe. Carla smiled. "Company perk?" she teased. Smiling, Andy refilled his glass then crossed the room to sit next to Carla.

The wine, Carla found, had ignited a warm spot deep down inside her. The warmth slowly spread to engulf her. She found her gaze being drawn repeatedly to the opening in the front of Andy's dressing gown, an opening that grew tantalisingly wider every time he leaned forward to pick up or put down his glass. Tentatively, she reached out and put a hand on Andy's thigh. "You ... you don't mind do you?" she enquired.

Andy smiled. He could sense Carla's arousal. Her breathing had deepened, the skin around her neck was flushed. Andy opened his mouth to speak then, finding the words wouldn't come, he closed it again. He caught Carla's gaze, held it with his own and tried again. "Carla, I ..." Before he could say another word he found himself in Carla's arms, their lips pressed firmly together. Carla's hands slid inside Andy's dressing gown to caress and explore his body while Andy tugged at the buttons of Carla's blouse.

Their passion quickly grew. Their kisses became more urgent, their tongues exploring each other's mouths. Andy shivered as Carla's fingertips ran lightly up his spine. "Oh Carla!" he gasped, briefly breaking their kiss, "I must confess I've wanted this for a long time."

"Sshh!" replied Carla before silencing Andy by pressing her lips firmly against his once more.

Having undone Carla's blouse, Andy reached behind her to unhook her bra as she began to nibble lightly on his neck. He felt Carla's hand, warm against his chest and let out a soft sigh in response. "Mmm," he purred, "your hand is so soft."

Carla tried to struggle out of her blouse. Andy paused then helped her to remove it. He kissed Carla's cheek then stood up. Holding out his hand he said, "C'mon, let's go through to the bedroom." Carla nodded, took Andy's hand and stood up. Her bra joined her blouse on the floor. Kicking off her shoes, she undid her skirt and let it fall to the ground. Carla stepped out and let Andy lead her towards the bedroom.

Once inside, Carla melted into Andy's arms. They kissed. Andy's hands explored Carla's body. Carla reached up and pushed Andy's dressing gown off his shoulders. Andy stepped back and let it fall to the floor. Standing there, naked, he waited as Carla devoured him hungrily with her eyes. "Like what you see?" he asked, smiling.

"Of course I do!" replied Carla, "You've got fantastic body. I sort of suspected you would have."

"Really?" asked Andy, breathlessly.

"Yes, you were always so fit and sporty," replied Carla before pressing her lips firmly against Andy's once again.

The kiss was even more passionate than before. As their hands explored each other's bodies Carla felt Andy tugging at her knickers. She let him push them down over her hips, felt them fall to the ground then stepped out of them. With their lips pressed firmly together Carla let herself be guided towards the bed. She let a small laugh escape her as Andy gently, yet firmly, pushed her towards the mattress. Carla lay back, enjoying the scrutiny of Andy's gaze as he stared hungrily down at her.

"God, Carla, you're beautiful," said Andy as he climbed on to the bed beside her. Smiling, Carla reached out and gathered Andy to her. Their lips pressed together once more, their hands lightly caressed each other's bodies, tenderly exploring as their tongues entwined in each other's mouths.

Pausing briefly for breath, Carla asked, "Want me to give your back a rub?"

"Mmmm, That'd be nice," Andy murmured in reply.

Carla moved slightly, letting Andy turn over. As he lay on his front, she moved into position, sitting astride his legs. Leaning forward, Carla began to work her fingers into Andy's shoulders. He sighed as she skilfully proceeded to ease the tension in his tightly bunched muscles.

Working her hands down Andy's back, Carla smiled to herself as she felt his firm, well toned body beneath her fingers. She leaned forward, dragging her breasts along Andy's back as she kissed her way up his spine. Her nipples stiffened in response to the friction generated as they made contact with the hairs on his back. "Mmmmm, that feels good," Andy sighed as his Carla's fingers explored his back.

Carla leaned forward, planting a series of delicate kisses on Andy's neck and shoulders, her breasts pressed firmly against his back. "Glad you like it," she purred into his ear, "now turn over and I'll do your front."

Andy squirmed on to his back beneath her. Smiling, Carla leaned forward to kiss him as his hands roamed all over her body. His hands reached up to cup and squeeze her large, firm breasts as their lips pressed together. Carla sat up and pushed Andy away. She gave him a wicked grin as she pulled the cord from his discarded dressing gown, letting it slip through her fingers as she toyed with it. Still smiling, she deftly looped it over Andy's hands, pulling it tight around his wrists before tying it in a knot. She leaned forward to tie the loose ends of the cord around the end of the bed frame, her breasts rubbing against Andy's face. His tongue snaked out, licking over their soft skin. Carla gave a girlish laugh as she shook her body, jiggling and bouncing her breasts against his face, smothering him in her cleavage.

Slowly, Carla began to work her way down Andy's firm, well muscled body. The fine hairs on his chest rubbed against her erect nipples, adding to Carla's growing excitement.

With his hands tied above his head, Andy was powerless as Carla proceeded to tease him. He moaned as she kissed his stomach, her breasts rubbing against the insides of his thighs, his cock sliding between her firm, fleshy globes. She smiled up at him as she reached down to press her breasts together, squashing his cock between them.

"Oh, Carla! That's so good!" Andy gasped as his she rocked slowly back and forth, his cock sliding between her breasts.

"Glad you approve," Carla replied coyly before flicking her tongue over his knob as it poked from her cleavage. Andy groaned as Carla coated the head of his cock with a warm film of saliva.

"Damn!" Andy sighed, "Oh fuck yes!" he gasped as Carla took his knob into her mouth and slowly slid her lips along his shaft. As she worked her mouth back and forth she let her teeth drag lightly against his cock, her tongue swirling over its surface. Andy's hips bucked slightly, forcing his cock deeper into Carla's hot and hungry mouth. "Oh, Carla!!!!!" he moaned as she took the head into the back of her throat and swallowed repeatedly.

Letting Andy's cock slip from her mouth, Carla teased it with her breasts once more, letting them swing back and forth, brushing over its surface. "You like that?" she asked coyly?

"Oh God, yes!" Andy groaned.

"Well, I guess I'd better let you have some more," she replied.

Carla reached forward and began to stroke Andy's dick lightly. Up and down, over and over, with slow, gentle strokes, her hand glided along his shaft. "God that feels great," gasped Andy. Carla smiled and began to run her tongue up the inside of his thighs as her hand continued its relentless stroking.

"Ohhh!" Andy sighed as Carla's tongue worked its way up from his balls to the crown. She swirled her tongue around the engorged head and flicked the slit with the tip of her tongue before opening her lips wide to accept his cock into her mouth once more.


Andy moaned softly as Carla's lips worked their way steadily up and down his prick. Cupping his balls in one hand, she squeezed gently as her other hand worked in tandem with her mouth. The sighs of pleasure escaping from Andy proclaimed that her work was being appreciated as she licked and sucked his engorged knob.

"Mmm, that feels so good!" Andy moaned as Carla swirled her tongue around the head of his cock. She increased her pace and her head began to bob up and down faster and faster taking the head of his cock deep into the back of her throat with every stroke.


Andy's balls felt full and heavy as she stroked and squeezed them. His cock twitched involuntarily inside her mouth. Carla could sense his pent up frustration as beads of pre-cum began to ooze from his slit.

A groan from Andy made Carla realise that she had brought him to the brink. His breath was coming in gasps as his climax approached. "Oh Carla ... Carla!" he moaned as she sucked hard on his cock. Her hand beat more rapidly along his shaft as she slid her mouth back so that only the very tip of his cock remained in her mouth. Andy's hips began to thrust as she flicked her tongue over the slit, licking away the increasing flow of pre-cum.

Carla felt him tense. "Oh yes! Oh Carla! Oooohh!" he moaned. Carla let her mouth go slack. She sucked hard and felt his body shudder as his cum began to surge from his cock. She swallowed hard as jet after jet of Andy's cum filled her mouth. It took all of her concentration to ensure that not a single drop escaped as cum erupted from his cock like a geyser in full flow. When at last he began to subside Carla used her hand to squeeze the last few drops into her mouth. Satisfied, finally that there was no more to be had, Carla let his cock slip from her mouth. She licked her lips, looked up and smiled. "Somebody need that!" she exclaimed with a smile.

"Too right I did!" Andy sighed, "that was amazing!"

"Glad you liked it," Carla purred before kissing her way up Andy's body again.

As she kissed him on the lips, she untied the cord from around his wrists. Andy wrapped his arms around her and held Carla tightly as they kissed. Carla could feel Andy's heart pounding in his chest.

"Time to repay the compliment, I guess," Andy said as he broke away and began to kiss his way down Carla's neck. Carla moaned, her fingers digging into the skin of Andy's back as he gently nibbled on her shoulders. Andy moved down further, his tongue working its way around the curve of Carla's breasts, his hands cupping and squeezing them lightly as his tongue explored their surface.

"Oh fuck, that's good," moaned Carla as Andy coated her tits with a warm, wet film of saliva, his strong hands softly massaging it into her skin. Andy lay with one leg between Carla's and Carla began to grind her mound against her lover's thigh, moaning softly as the friction of the contact stimulated her clit. Andy increased the pressure of his leg against Carla's pussy as Carla rocked her hips up and down, moaning softly as the pleasurable sensations spread through her.

Concentrating on Carla's left breast, Andy sucked the nipple between his lips, flicking the tip with his tongue as he bit down gently on it. "Oooooh yessss!" Carla gasped, her hips bucking even more forcefully. Andy moved his attention to the other breast, repeating the process, sucking as much of it as he could into the warm confines of his mouth. Carla's head tossed from side to side, moaning softly in response to a warm tingling feeling that was spreading through her body.

Leaving Carla's breasts reluctantly behind, Andy began to move down further. Carla's body trembled in anticipation as he kissed his way down over her flat stomach, pausing briefly to probe her bellybutton with his tongue. "That tickles," giggled Carla, playfully giving Andy a slap.

"Sorry," replied Andy, smiling broadly before beginning his downward journey once more.

Positioning himself between Carla's legs, Andy ran his tongue up the inside of her thighs. Carla sighed as Andy teased her with his tongue, running it up the inside of her thigh, almost touching her enflamed lower lips before retreating down the other side. Again and again, he brought his mouth towards Carla's pussy, pulling away each time at the very last second as Carla's body trembled in anticipation. "Quit teasing!" Carla demanded finally, having endured what seemed like an eternity of torment. Smiling to himself, Andy continued the slow approach and retreat of his tongue.

Carla moaned with frustration. "Andy, you sod. Eat me!" she wailed, "Eat my fucking pussy!"

Andy decided to take pity on her. Moving forward, his tongue poked out, slipping between Carla's wet lower lips. "Yeeeesssss!" cried Carla as she felt Andy's tongue work its way along her slit with a gentle, feather like touch. Almost at once she felt the first stirrings of her latent orgasm, Andy's teasing had aroused her beyond measure. Carla had to force herself to relax, to prevent herself from cumming too soon so that she could enjoy the sensations of Andy's tongue on her pussy.

Andy savoured the taste of Carla's juices as they flowed copiously over his tongue, coating his cheeks and chin with their warm, stickiness. He gently sucked on Carla's enflamed labia, drawing each one between his lips and running his tongue along its edge. Carla writhed in ecstasy as Andy's tongue explored every fold and crevice of her pussy, darting occasionally in and out of her tunnel, lapping at her juices. She wound her fingers in Andy's hair, pulling his head forward, increasing the pressure of her lover's tongue on her sensitive flesh.

"Oh fuck, yesss!" moaned Carla as Andy's tongue flicked over her clit. Her body shuddered involuntarily in response to his touch. She could feel the pressure beginning to mount once more, the warm glow of impending orgasm spreading through her body.

Carla's fingers detached themselves from Andy's hair and began to clutch at the duvet as the sensations inside her increased steadily in intensity. Her clit throbbed almost painfully as Andy's tongue flicked over it rapidly. "Oooooohhhhhhh!" she moaned as she felt the first rippling contractions in her pussy. Biting her lip, Carla gripped the duvet even more tightly, her knuckles turning white as she fought to hold on.
