 It always takes me a while to wind down after a day like that. Not one, but two cases that both proved to be much more challenging than expected. The drama of surgery is incredibly high, pushed up there by the stakes at hand...namely someone's life. As a difficult case progresses the tension of not knowing how it will turn out is thick and coarse. The memories of cases plummeting to a dreaded demise swirl around the room like hateful ghosts. But then to stay the course, relying on solid principles, not panicking, trusting one's training, so that thankfully and finally, things go right and everything looks really good. Just makes it all worthwhile. 

As I drive home I leave the radio off. It's as though my ears ring in the silence. I know I am tight all over. It always takes a while to wind down. 

You kiss me at the door and I love looking into your eyes first thing. I tell you I think I'll shower before dinner. Your hand slides off my belly as I head toward the bedroom. I slip out of my scrubs as the water pushes the steam over the glass door. Stepping in, I can't wait to get this layer of grunge off my skin. I slowly ease the water as hot as I can stand it, and let it pound my traps and rhomboids. Soap, back brush. Shampoo twice. Better now. 

I stop at my mirror and use my wide tooth brush to push my hair back. I don't even towel dry it at all, nor apply anything to it. Wet is fine tonight. I head toward the bed and think I'll just lay down a few minutes. I can smell something wonderful from where I know you're stirring around, but my tiredness is outrunning my hunger for the moment. I lay on my belly, and upwrap the slightly damp towel from around my waist, letting it serve as a little cover transversely across my bottom. I lay my head down, facing away from the door. Just for a moment. 

You enter only a moment later but I don't notice. You lean over me and can already see those little twitches of beginning sleep. You see me nude except for the towel. You smell my cleanliness. The reflection of the light on my wet hair. 

You slip out of your button up cotton dress. Nothing underneath. You crawl up on the bed and straddle the back of my thighs. You take the oil from your bedside table and warm some in your hands, then apply it to my smooth clean back. It still has pleasing definition, a masculine v-shape not too far removed from my college days. Your hands paint the oil all over my back. Sliding smoothly. Warming more. Up and down. I still don't even wake...so comfortable with you I am. You see a little trail of water down the middle of the nape of my neck and work it into the oil. Wet. Glistening. Firmer now. You find what you know will be there...the tension of the day as marbles in my muscles. Your hands begin to push them away, to rid me of them so that I will only think of you. 

On your knees you step forward a bit. Now your womanhood is right on my bottom. Smooth but just firm enough. Your thighs squeeze. My back is not the only thing that is becoming lubricated. Slowly you move up and down a bit. Hands still on my back. Up. Down. You get more oil and pour it on the highest part of my gluteals so that it runs down. Down to the small of my back, and down to where you are sitting. Up and down you move. 

I lift and turn my head the other way now. Trying to decide am I asleep or awake. You keep pleasing me, pouring yourself into me as your pour the oil between us. Your hips move steadily now. You need no oil. Wetter and wetter you are. I keep my eyes closed, but I know I'm awake and I love your presence upon me. In my mind I urge you to use me for your pleasure. In your mind, you hear me. 

There's no hurry. You take your time and coat my bottom with your juices. You make it a little game. Wet me all over with the nectar of your desire. The lightest hovering works well. Stimulates your sensitive outer areas and soon you actually see yourself literally dripping on me. In time, my bottom is more lubricated than my back. 

At that point you are ready. You bring yourself to the crest of the wave and ride it as long as you can. Your mind lets go and your hips take over to give you the release you've been thinking about all day. Your nails dig into my back and when you hear my soft moan that is all you need and you come over and over and over on my ass. Grinding now, squeezing, holding, pushing. 

At length, you fall forward and collapse onto me. Sigh. Close your eyes. Rest your head on mine. I slip your finger into my mouth and suck and kiss it. 

You doze a moment, and with a big breath, smile and ask if I'm ready to eat yet.

Sure, right after we shower, I whisper back.