 I'm tired and sore and overall grumpy, and I just want to go to sleep. My twelve hour shift ended only an hour ago, and I have to be back at it bright and early tomorrow morning. Such is the life of a retail employee in December.

Wearily looking in the mirror as I brush my teeth, all I'm thinking about is how it will feel to crawl under my covers and sink into my pillows. Then my boyfriend appears in the doorway behind me, and I recognize the look on his face.

"No," I snap.

"What? Why?" He comes up behind me, sliding his hands beneath my baggy t-shirt to grip my bare hips. "It'll make you feel better."

"I'm exhausted." I spit and rinse, slide my toothbrush into the holder. When I move to walk away, he pulls me tight against his chest. "Brent."

"Callie."

"Just let me..." He toys with the waistband of my panties, the only thing I'm wearing besides the shirt. "Let me help you."

I recline my head to rest on his sturdy shoulder. My eyes are on him, pressing his lips into my neck, when his hand suddenly dips down the front of my underwear and cups my core.

"Mmm," I hum involuntarily when he nudges my clit. I want to break away, really, I do, but my bones are so weary and they are soothed in Brent's grasp. He lifts his head to worry my earlobe between his teeth while his long fingers stroke along the length of my pussy, wetting it instantly. His cock is hardening; I feel it pressing into the small of my back. Suddenly aroused, almost painfully, all thoughts of sleep chased from my mind, I grind down on his hand. "Please."

In a flash, he has spun me around to face him and shoved me up against the sink. His free hand roughly shoves up my shirt so that he can take one of my breasts in his mouth. While his teeth and tongue dance around my hardened nipple, I twist my fingers in his hair and throw my head back. "Oh, yes..."

"You like that?" he growls as he moves to my sternum, pressing a kiss there. "Just wait..."

With no warning, he shoves two fingers into my hot cunt. I cry out, arching into him. "Oh-"

"Callie-"

"Fuck me, Brent," I gasp, glancing down. The sight of my panties moving with the motions of his hand makes me that much more turned on. "I want you to fuck me."

"I'm fucking you, baby," he mutters, face still buried between my tits. "Gonna make you come so hard."

I gasp when his other hand joins the first, rubbing furiously at my clit. The pleasure builds, causing my legs to shake, and I grab the edge of the sink to support myself. Brent straightens enough to attach his lips to my collarbone. "Tell me how good it feels," he hisses. When I don't answer, he withdraws his fingers, then shoves them back in so hard I see stars. "How good is it, Callie?"

"So good."

"Your hot cunt feels so good clenching around my fingers. I wish it was my cock, fucking you so hard... making your mouth fall open like that..."

Then, just when I don't think I can take anymore, he is dropping to his knees before me. Fingers still inside me, he uses his other hand to slide my panties down my legs. Then, as he beings to fuck me again- I'm so, so, so close- he stares up at me and puts his hot mouth to my clit.

"Fuck!" I yell, nearly collapsing on the spot. This is not going to last long; already, I can feel my peak approaching. "Please, please keep fucking me. Don't stop, don't stop, oh please, my cunt feels so fucking good, I'm gonna- I'm gonna come, oh, oh fuck-"

Pleasure wracks my body, and I scream. Brent's tongue never falters in its work. I grind desperately against his face, allowing him to draw every possible tremor from my bones. Finally, when I am completely and utterly spent, I collapse on the floor beside him.

"Okay," I pant, sliding my arms around his torso. "I guess that was worth losing a little sleep for."

He just laughs in my ear.