 I walked over to the phone and picked it up. It was Josh, and my heart thumped in my chest, getting damp just listening to his voice. We made small talk for a few minutes, and I invited him over for a movie that night. He got the directions from me, and I could hear the smile in his voice. I grinned as I hung up the phone. Jacob looked at me. "And who was that, that made you talk with that girly flirty voice?" I just laughed. I told him it was my ex, and that he was coming over tonight to "talk about old times." 

He laughed at that. "Like you guys ever did any talking." He gave me a little look. "One cock's not enough for you, huh?" and I knew he was wondering why I was going to have random sex with my ex when I could have him. He didn't understand-it had always been different with Josh. He had worshipped my body in a way that Jacob had never thought to-the only complaint I had about friends with benefits. And I just had to show Josh what he had missed out on-I guess I was still a little angry that he had dumped me.

Jacob and I sat around the house for a couple of hours, watching cartoons and smoking a joint. Finally I kicked him out, wanting to have a little time to prep for Josh's arrival. I slid on a tight white top and a short flowered skirt-I usually didn't wear skirts, but Josh had always made me feel so much like a woman. I pulled out a couple of movies, knowing full well that they wouldn't get watched-but a girl's gotta make a show of it, right? 

Josh pulled up at exactly eight, and I looked out the window to see that he was driving the old familiar pickup-how many times had we gone parking in that thing! I smiled because he was wearing a t-shirt and jeans and he looked so macho. He was such a man. Going to an all-women's college makes you appreciate things like an attractive guy in t-shirt and jeans a whole lot more. He came in and I smiled at him, we made more small talk. I was barefoot, and I led him through the dark kitchen to the half-lit living room. He sat down on the couch, and I asked him which movie he wanted to watch. He said he didn't really care, so I grabbed the nearest movie and bent down to put it in the VCR. I knew he had a great view of my ass, and I purposely leaned down a little further. I stood up and walked back to the couch where he was sitting. 

"Want anything?" I asked him, standing directly in front of him as the previews started. He looked me up and down and said that he was all set. I grinned and plopped down next to him, curling my legs up underneath me. We sat in silence for a few minutes. The movie started, and I stretched a little, my top riding up. I could see you watching me, pretending not to. We'd always been a little shy together-but I was past that. What I want I get these days. I half smiled and stared at the TV, knowing he was watching me as I rubbed my leg, my skirt moving up my thigh as I traced patterns on my hot skin. I wanted him to touch me, and my hand moved higher up on my thigh. 

He was watching my hand, and I looked over at him and caught his eye. I'd never been able to look him in the eye for very long when we were dating-his eyes were so dark and intense and they made me weak in the knees. Now though, I stared directly into them as I licked my lips and turned towards him. I took his hand and placed it on my bare knee. He looked down at his hand and moved his thumb back and forth across my skin, looking back up at me. I leaned in and kissed him softly, half-climbing into his lap. "I'm not as shy as I used to be, Josh," I whispered in his ear, "I want you to touch me-I want you to fuck me." 

I heard him take a deep breath as I kissed him again, this time settling in his lap. He was already hard, I could feel him underneath me. He kissed me harder, sliding his tongue into my mouth just like he would slide it into my pussy later. I trembled at the thought, and spread my legs a little wider, his hands caressing my inner thigh. I wasn't wearing underwear-an old habit from our dating days-as he noticed with a smile. "You naughty girl," he whispered, running his fingers up and down my already pulsing pussy. 

"You have no idea," I laughed back, moving seductively on top of him. He groaned and found my clit, my legs shaking as he teased it. He slid a long finger inside of me and I grinded against it. He gently pushed me away, long enough to take off my shirt and bra. 

He groaned again, "God, your tits... I've thought about your tits ever since we broke up." He took my heavy breasts in his hands, as much as he could, my ample breasts overflowing his hands. He remembered what I liked-squeezing and twisting my nipples, he buried his face in my breasts. He sucked and bit, making me moan. He smiled and pushed me away from him, laying me down on the couch. He kissed his way down my stomach to my freshly shaved pussy, kneading my thighs with his hot hands. His mouth found my clit and I moaned loudly-there was no one to hear, after all. 

"Mmm, Josh..." he slid a finger into my hot pussy, first one, and then another, fingerfucking me while he sucked on my clit. My legs were trembling around his head and he looked up for a moment, watching my face as I arched my back and ground against his hand again. I was close, so deliciously close. I begged him not to stop. "Please Josh, please... make me cum" I whimpered. He worked my clit harder as I bucked against his hands, riding out the best orgasm I'd had in a long time. I yelled (I've never been quiet) and he moved his fingers in and out of me faster. 

After I came, I sat up and pushed him back, straddling his jeans. "Mmmm... anything. Anything you want it's yours-anything." He kissed me deeply, and I could taste myself on him. His hands slid up my thighs to my ass, his fingers digging into my soft flesh... he found my asshole and started teasing it. "Is that it, Josh? You want to fuck me in the ass?" He didn't say anything, just pushed a finger inside of my virgin ass. "No one's ever assfucked me, Josh... if you want it, it's yours." 

He slid his finger deeper in my ass and I pushed against his hand. I pulled off his t-shirt, rubbing my breasts against his bare chest. I pulled away from his hands and started undoing his jeans, kissing his stomach. I took off his jeans and took his cock in my hand, stroking it and looking up at him. I licked his head teasingly. He groaned and pushed my head down on his cock. I obliged, taking him all the way into my mouth, moving up and down his cock. He was throbbing, and he pulled me away from his cock, and stood up. He turned me away from him, facing the couch, ass in the air. He slid on a condom and wet a finger in my pussy, pushing it into my asshole. I grunted and then he slid his cock inside of my still hot pussy, thrusting a few times for good measure. 

I groaned as he slid out of my pussy and pushed into my ass slowly. I'd never been fucked in the ass before, and it was painful as my tight ass stretched with his cock. He slid further into me, and I caught my breath. He began to move slowly, grunting as he pulled out and thrust back in. I reached my hand underneath me and fingered my clit as he began to move faster. He slapped my ass and I gasped- I'd never known he was so kinky. "You like that, huh?" he said. I just nodded and he slapped my ass again, slamming into me. 

A low moan started in my throat and I rubbed my clit harder. Suddenly he pulled out of my ass and slid into my pussy. It was unexpected and I moaned loudly as I came. He kept fucking me hard until he grunted and pulled out of me, rolling me over. I sat up quickly, pulled the condom off and took his cock in my mouth, milking the cum from it. He groaned loudly and buried his hands in my hair. "Yeah, that's right... Mmmm..." I licked the last of the cum from his cock and looked up at him. 

"Damn, you're hot," he said. He leaned down and kissed me softly. I pulled him close and whispered in his ear, "Stay the night and I'll show you how hot I can be." He nodded and I grinned. Ahhhh, I finally got what I had always wanted from him. And I'd get it again, I'd make sure of that.