 She was fingering herself when I opened the bathroom door. Facing away from me, she was leaning against the sink with one hand. Her purple skirt was hiked up over her hips, and her other hand was plunged down the front of her panties.

In the mirror I saw her eyes pop open in surprise when she heard the door open. Before she could say anything, I stepped in and locked the door behind me.

Our office has two bathrooms. One is by the front desk, and one is down the hall we share with other businesses in the building. It's a bit further away, so most people don't use it.

When I turned back from the door, she was tugging her skirt down. Her face was bright red. I wasn't sure if she was more embarrassed to have been caught in the act, or that it was me who caught her.

Three weeks ago, we had hooked up after an office happy hour. The next day, I wasn't sure if I should call, since we had both been drunk. By the time I saw her in the office on Monday, it was super awkward. She didn't say anything, and in the end I took it as a signal that nothing was going to happen. I tried to give her some space, but seeing her like this filled me with lust.

She started to say something, but her voice trailed off when I took her hand. Her breath caught as I placed her finger in my mouth and swirled my tongue around it, tasting her pussy.

I stepped closer, pressing the small of her back against the sink. I let go of her hand to grab her hips and grind into her. As my leg pushed between her thighs, she licked her lips, but her eyes were wide with uncertainty. I started kissing her neck, working my way up to her ear, and she let out a little moan.

"Why don't we finish what you were doing when I came in here?" I asked. She nodded and turned away from me, leaning against the sink again as I pulled her skirt up. I knelt and slid her panties down, helping her step out of them. I could see the remainder of last summer's tan line on her ass.

I enjoyed a moment of anticipation. I ran my hands up the insides of her thighs and spread her cheeks a bit. Her lips spread before me, creamy wet and begging for attention. The sight of her pussy sent a surge of lust through my body. Her breath was now coming in short, nervous gasps.

Biting my lip, I slid two fingers into her. She was surprisingly tight, and the sudden sensation made her gasp. I pushed all the way in and then slowly pulled all the way out.

Pleased at the way her wetness coated my fingers, I slipped them back in and began to gently fuck her. After a few moments, I saw her hand reach down to begin rubbing her clit.

It didn't take long before her body began tensing up. She must have been right on the edge before I walked in on her. Now with my help, her orgasm was swiftly approaching. Excited, I began pushing into her more firmly.

"No!" she blurted, "Don't change it, just keep going like that..." I slowed down a bit, and concentrated on matching pace with her. I tried not to jostle her own fingers frantically circling her clit. Breathing deeply, I savored the smell of her arousal. My pulse quickened as I watched her lips eagerly swallow my fingers.

Suddenly her legs stiffened, she cried out, and warm fluid gushed over my fingers and down my arm. I slowed my pace as her hand stopped moving, but left my fingers inside. Several times I felt her pussy tighten around my fingers as the aftershocks washed over her.

She had her head down, resting on her arm on the sink, and I could hear her breath slowing. I was now painfully aware of my throbbing erection.

Slipping my fingers out of her, I stood and unbuttoned my pants, letting them drop to the floor. I stroked my cock, rubbing her wetness over the swollen head. Then I leaned forward and plunged my cock into her. She cried out in surprise, and I felt her pussy squeeze tightly around me.

For a moment, I just stood there, enjoying the hot grip she had on my shaft. Her fingers brushed against the base of my cock as she continued to rub her clit. I knew this wouldn't last long once I started, so I tried to focus on the details, to commit them to memory. Then I grabbed her hips and started fucking her.

Her pussy was hot and sopping wet after her orgasm. At first I went slowly, but feeling her hand moving around between our legs spurred me on. Before long I was pumping eagerly, gripping her hips tightly. Each thrust buried my cock deep inside, until I felt her lips wrapped around the base of my shaft.

She was trying to be quiet, but was constantly whispering my name and telling me to fuck her. Suddenly, she reached up and grabbed the edge of the sink with both hands, and arched her back. She cried out and leaned back so far I nearly popped out of her. I held on tight and pushed my cock as deep into her as I could.

After a minute, she relaxed and moaned long and deep. Incredibly turned on, I resumed fucking her. She reached between her legs again, but this time lightly took hold of my balls. Gently, she fondled and cupped them with each thrust.

"Oh my god, I just came so hard," she gasped, making eye contact in the mirror. "Cum for me, come on, I want you to cum inside me..."

With this encouragement, I felt the familiar sensation building deep inside. I groaned and told her I was about to cum, then my body rocked with an orgasm. I gripped her hips and pumped my cum deep inside her pussy.

It seemed to last forever. Every time I thought it was over my cock would swell and twitch again inside her. For several minutes, we just stood like that, catching our breath, and then she stood up. My cock slipped out of her, and we both jumped at the sensation and laughed. Turning around, she wrapped her arms around my neck and kissed me deeply.

"Next time, don't wait 3 weeks, dummy," she sighed happily, "A girl has needs, you know?"