 I was home for spring break-after all, not all of us hungry college girls can afford a trip to Cancun-and I was bored. There isn't much to do in our small New England town, and I jumped at the chance to take a forty-five minute drive to Walmart (yes, there are places in America where it takes forty-five minutes to get to a Walmart). Sammie and I walked around, she buying towels for the house she had just bought with her long time boyfriend, me goofing around with the toys in the kid's section. I'll never grow up. 

I was telling her how badly I needed to get laid when I looked up and stared straight into my ex's eyes. I blushed and stammered. "Um, hey, Josh… how're you doing?" He looked a little uncomfortable himself, never being one for conversation. I smiled up at him and asked him what he was doing this week, and he kind of looked over his shoulders and said, "not much." I followed his gaze to a girl looking through the birthday cards aisle, half watching him. Ah, I thought, so this is the new prize. Not much to look at. I wondered if she got him as hot as I used to. Looking up at him, I could tell the answer was no. His eyes were just as intense as they used to be when we were dating. 

I'd always wanted to fuck him, and never understood why he broke up with me. I had been a virgin when we were dating, and him too I think, before we graduated and I left for college, and he went to trucking school. That had been about two years ago, and things had changed for both of us-but I was still hungry for what I'd never gotten from him. I smiled and wrote my aunt's number down on a scrap of paper. "I'm housesitting this week. You should give me a call-we could talk about old times." I gave him a quick wink since we both knew we had never spent much time talking when we were dating. He stuffed the number in his pocket and mumbled a goodbye to Sammie and I and walked back to the girl he was with.

Sammie and I headed back home and I went to my aunt's house, I stripping off my clothes and heading for my aunt's very large bathtub, putting on the water and some hot low music on the stereo. I slid into the bath, the steaming water loosening my muscles. I ran my fingers up and down my thighs, teasing myself as I thought about Josh. I hoped he would call. I wanted to show him exactly what he had missed out on. I shaved my legs and then my pussy, savoring the smooth soft skin. After I finished, I started playing with my clit, moaning loudly. I had left the door open, since my aunt's house was secluded. Suddenly I heard the sound of a throat clearing and I looked up to see my best friend Jacob standing at the door to the bathroom. 

"How's it going?" He asked with a laugh. I smiled at him. 

"Want to wash my back?" I asked. He came in and took the washcloth from my hand and ran it over my back softly, while my hands strayed beneath the bubbly water. Jacob and I were very close friends, and lately we'd been having sex regularly-not often enough for me, since I could never get enough of his cock. Looking down at him now I could see he was hard and I took my wet hands and undid his belt. He pulled off his shirt, shoes and socks, letting me unzip his pants and push down his boxers, my wet hand fondling his cock. "You look awfully dirty, Jacob… maybe you should climb in." 

He got in, sitting in front of me, leaning back against me, rubbing his back against my soapy breasts. I reached around him and stroked his cock while he rubbed my legs. His cock was throbbing, and I could tell he wanted to cum right away-the tenseness of his body was delicious against my softness. I had already cum earlier, and didn't mind helping him and his beautiful cock along. I soaped my hand up and stroked him faster, kissing his neck as he breathed heavily. I took my other hand and ran it down his back, teasing his ass while I stroked him faster. I slid a finger into his ass and wiggled it around, listening to him grunt. It was all he needed to push him over the edge, and he came all over my hand. 

"Mmmmmm yeah…." He said as I washed the cum off of my hand. He smiled at me, and kissed me softly. "I needed that, Eileen-thanks." 

"Anytime," I replied with a wink. He got up and toweled off while I finished washing. I got out and pulled on clothes. I could hear Jacob in the living room, putting on his shoes. I knew he was going outside to have a cigarette, and I was just about to follow him when the phone rang.