 Josh stretched, and I got dressed, stood up, and went outside to have a cigarette. When I came back in, he was on the phone. I pretended to flip through the channels on the tv, listening to his conversation. 

"Yeah, Jo, I'm going to stay down here at Andy's. He's having some people over, and I'd like to have a few drinks, you know." There was a pause and he sighed. "Yeah---no, no, I'm just hanging with the guys. I know I told you I would stop by tonight." I walked over to him and ran a hand down his back, kissing his neck. He cleared his throat. "Listen, Jo, I'll talk to you tomorrow." He hung up the phone and turned around, kissing me deeply. "You're a bitch, Eileen. You know that, right?"

I grinned. "Aw, did I interrupt you and your little girlfriend? You dirty liar." I winked and kissed his chest and then looked up at him suggestively. He just shook his head. I laughed and took his hand, leading him to the bedroom. Out of the corner of my eye I noticed lights coming up the drive – it looked like a truck. Probably Jacob, I thought. I smiled to myself. Well, if he came in, then he'd get quite a show.

I put on some music and came back to the bedroom to see Josh lying naked on the bed, hands behind his head. I began to strip for him, sliding my clothes off as I walked closer to the bed. I leaned over and kissed him, letting my breasts rub against his chest. He groaned and reached for them, but I backed away. I wanted to tease him all night, play out all those fantasies I had been too shy to suggest when we were dating. I wanted to push him to the edge – I wanted to show him what a good thing he'd been missing all this time.

I tugged on my nipples, rubbing my tits together. I knew I had his undivided attention, and I put a leg up on the bed, running my hand along my thigh, teasing my pussy with light flicks of my fingers. I rubbed my clit, throwing back my head and moaning. I slid a finger deep into my pussy, rotating my hips against my hand. "Mmmmm..." I looked up at Josh and licked the finger that had been in my hot pussy. I beckoned him towards me, and he came over eagerly, running his hand up my thigh. I pushed him back on the bed, turning and straddling his face, taking his cock in my hand. He licked me with relish, sucking my lips and driving his tongue deep into my hot cunt. I gyrated against his face, taking his cock into my mouth.

"MmMmmmm, yeah..." I arched my back. "Oh, yeah... Josh, eat my pussy... that's right..." I stroked his cock. I heard a sound from the doorway and I looked up to see Jacob watching us. I licked Josh's cock suggestively. Jacob grinned and came in quietly. Josh had no idea it was Jacob's mouth on his cock as I rocked my hips against his face. He grunted into my cunt as Jacob took him deep in his throat. I was so turned on, watching Jacob suck Josh's cock, Josh's tongue dipping into my hot pussy while he rubbed my clit. I moaned louder as I came, Jacob watching me from below. I leaned and whispered in Jacob's ear. 

"Better get out of here before Josh sees you..." I kissed him and winked. "Stop by tomorrow and I'll tell you all the juicy details." He smiled at me and left, throwing one last glance over his shoulder. 

I swung my hips around and licked my own juice from Josh's lips. I straddled him right above his hips, his cock hard against my ass. My hands dug into his chest as I rubbed my ass against his cock. "Ughhhhhhh... yeah, honey..." Josh grabbed my hips and pushed me back against his cock harder. I lifted up and teased his head with my dripping pussy. I looked down at him, loving every second and every expression on his face.

"You want me?" I asked him. He nodded, rolling his palms over my tits. "Tell me," I said, rubbing my lips along the head of his cock. "I want you, Eileen," he choked out, his hands biting into my hips. "You want my hot pussy on your cock, don't you, Josh?" He groaned. "You want me again, don't you?" He groaned again. "Yes... yes... I want you... now!" He pulled down hard on my hips, sliding into my tight wet cunt.

I moaned loudly. "Mmmmmmmm yeah..." He said. I looked down at him, rocking my hips against his hot cock. His skin was hot and slick with sweat and I dug my nails into his shoulders and rocked faster back against him, getting louder by the second. "Yeah, ride it like that honey... mmmm... yeah..." He pinched my nipples and then moved his hands back down to my hips, rocking me faster. I moved against him, my hips moving in circles. He sat up and rolled me onto my back, thrusting in me faster. I moaned, my breath coming in gasps. 

"Fuck me, fuck me... fuck me Josh..." I begged him, my nails digging into his back, bucking up against him. "Mmm huh... yeah, ohhhhhhh yeah" I moaned as I came. He pounded me faster, his balls slapping against my ass. He groaned loudly and I felt him shudder. He pulled out of me and collapsed next to me on the bed.

It was several minutes before either of us could speak, the sound of heavy breathing filling the room. He leaned over and kissed me again. "You're so beautiful," he whispered. "Right," I laughed, kissing him again. "No-you are." He ran his hand down my side, and pulled me closer to him so that my head was on his chest. He was warm and his breathing was slow. He was rubbing my back, and I started drifting to sleep. So much for all night, was my last thought. And then I smiled and stretched against him, throwing a leg over one of his. Oh well, there was always the morning.