 This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance of characters to actual persons is purely coincidental. All characters in the story are eighteen-years-old or older.

This is my second attempt at writing a story in this genre. Please be sure to rate the story and I appreciate your feedback. Thanks to oldakeddad for editing this and the excellent suggestions.

*********************

I'm a staff member at a camp and retreat facility nestled in the north woods near a small town.

During the summer, it serves as a camp for various church groups, and during the winter, we offer retreats from churches and some secular organizations. Also, during the winter, we normally have groups ranging in age from thirty to seventy coming through for a weekend of quiet and contemplation.

This particular winter weekend was different as we were hosting a group of young people who'd recently graduated high school the previous spring. It was an opportunity for them to reconnect with each other and their churches' programs. It was also an introduction for them to a retreat that's different from the normal church teen youth retreats.

This weekend's retreat guests arrived in two school busses, with cargo trailers, at approximately seven-thirty in the evening. Everyone was pretty tired from a two-hour school bus ride so, after a quick welcome and snack, we made the camp's male and female dormitories assignments.

No sooner had we given the building assignments in the men's and women's dorms, they grabbed their bags and went to bed. At approximately nine-thirty, I walked the grounds as my last job of the night—all of the dorms were dark and quiet.

******

The retreat began the next morning, after breakfast. The young people split into small groups, and some of the obvious cliques and pairings were split between the other groups. This encouraged more interaction and forced people to work outside of their normal groups.

I was one of the facilitators for the small groups, so I was able to watch each of the groups as they came through my portion of the program. As I observed the small groups, there were two people in one group who stood out.

One was a young man, Joey, who appeared to be a follower rather than a leader or instigator and, if I had to guess, was one of the youngest of the group. He was about five feet, ten inches tall; slim; had curly, blonde hair; and an easy, open smile. He was quiet, but watched and listened—especially when Kaylee spoke.

Kaylee was a brunette of average height and build. She had a nice butt—one I'd love to squeeze—and well-toned legs. She wore black leggings and a snug, black sweater that accentuated her figure. She may have had an average build, but she knew how to use it.

Especially her boobs, as they were packaged and shown to their best advantage. She was outgoing, and every answer or comment was subtly done for effect. She knew she had a guaranteed audience with Joey, and played to her audience with a glance and smile or a nibble of her lip when he was looking at her.

During the few minutes between the morning classes and lunch, we facilitators had a meeting to review the morning groups. Everyone mentioned Kaylee and Joey, but none of us thought they should be reassigned. We broke for lunch, and each facilitator sat with a group. I was able to watch as Kaylee watched Joey, and she made sure he could see her without being too obvious.

During lunch, I said very little (except when asked) as the young people talked about what the morning classes were like. Friendships were starting to develop and the group was working well together. Some of the others passed whispered asides throughout lunch, but no one seemed to notice Kaylee's behavior—maybe because they were used to her?

During the afternoon, the teens went outside for outdoor activities, which were led by three of the counselors. I stayed back to prepare the commons room for the later afternoon and evening activities. It didn't take too long, so I grabbed a hot cocoa and took a breather.

Soon, Kaylee came in the door, limping. As she took her coat off, she explained that she'd rolled her ankle while sledding. She tried to take the snow pants off, but realized the boots had to come off first, so she sat on the chair and asked.

"Would you help me take my boots off?"

Once the boots were off, she stood and removed the snow pants as if she was stripping for me. She was wearing the same leggings and sweater she wore that morning.

I tried to hide the bulge in my jeans as I got her a cup of cocoa. I took her indoor shoes over, along with the cocoa, gave them to her, and asked.

"Would you like me to help put your shoes on?"

She looked at me under her lashes and gave me a sexy smile as she replied.

"Oh, please! I'd love it."

As she pulled her sweater off over her head and shook out her ponytail, she said.

"It's nice and warm in here."

As I knelt in front of her to put her shoes on, my eyes traveled up her legs and took in her flat belly and her breasts that were straining to get out of her sports bra. I took her injured foot, gently put it on my lap, and began to rub her heel and gently massaged the length of her foot.

She murmured.

"That feels so good."

As I reached the ball of her foot, she sighed and crooned while I rubbed each toe.

"Mmm."

While I was working on one foot, she put her other foot on my thigh and wiggled her toes against my cock while giving me a sweet, sexy smile. I couldn't help but notice her nipples were making points in her bra, her mouth was open, and her eyelids fluttered.

"How does that feel? Is your ankle better?"

"It feels so good. I'll give you an hour to stop."

She slid forward on the chair as I finished putting on one shoe and started on her other foot. Again, I started at the heel and rubbed forward, then slid my hand up to her calf and massaged down again, and ended with taking each toe between my fingers to rub and spread them.

Her breathing had increased, her eyes were dilated with excitement, and her voice was hoarse with excitement as she whispered.

"Oh, yes!"

I sensed she was well on her way to being ready for more, but we heard the rest of the group approaching the building, so she grabbed her sweater, quickly put it on, and I stood.

"You were marvelous! I wish we had more time."

I replied.

"My pleasure."

"Yes, you are!"

Joey looked around for Kaylee as he came in. With a worried look, he immediately went to her and asked.

"Is your ankle okay?"

She gave him a hungry smile and replied.

"It's much better now. We can do the moonlight hike tonight."

He asked.

"Will you be my hiking buddy?"

She glanced at me over his shoulder and winked.

"It'll be a pleasure!"

I knew one guy who was going to get lucky!

******

I'd been in my office and just turned out the lights, planning to close up the building, when Kaylee and Joey came into the commons room after the evening hike. He was following her the same as a kitten follows a string. I don't know what she'd said to him, or what they did during the hike, but he was right there and eager.

I told myself, 'This bear's going to watch!' Though the lights were out in the commons room, there was light coming through the windows from the outside lights. I sat, very quietly, on my desk chair where I could see them, but not be seen.

Kaylee and Joey removed their boots, jackets, and snow pants and dropped them onto the floor. Joey took her hands and pulled her to him. For a moment, they just stared at each other, then Kaylee moved in to kiss him. I was recalling my first kissing attempts as I watched Joey move the last fraction of an inch until their lips touched again.

She gently whispered.

"Follow my lead."

She slightly parted her lips, slipped his lower lip between hers, and then pulled away. He parted his lips a little and took her lower lip between his.

She murmured.

"Mmm, that's heavenly."

Joey said.

"I'm sorry. I'm not very good because I've never kissed like this before."

Kaylee replied.

"It's okay. I'll teach you."

She pulled him close and kissed him with a growing hunger as he tried to keep up. After they broke the kiss, they were both breathing heavily.

She moved his hands to her breasts and asked.

"Have you ever felt a girl's breasts? Please, gently squeeze and rub them. I need your hands!"

"They feel so nice. Am I doing it right?"

"Oh, yes! I need that so much. Can you feel how hard you're making my nipples?"

I continued to watch as she reached down between them and, through his pants, rubbed her hand over the length of his cock. As she moved her hands across his zipper and started to tug it down, he moved his hands to help her.

"No, please, I need to feel your hands on my breasts! Put them under my shirt!"

As she unbuttoned his jeans, opened his fly, and freed his cock, he shivered and said.

"Oh, god."

She looked toward the door of my office and turned as if to allow me to see what was going on. If she knew I was watching, she gave no sign of it.

Kaylee stroked Joey's cock and he caressed her breasts while they were still kissing more and more passionately. Their breathing became harder as they frantically played with each other, driving each other to new heights.

"Take my shirt off, Joey!"

While he was busy reaching for the hem of her shirt and pulling it up, she raised her arms and sank down until she was on her knees in front of him.

When he suddenly felt her lips replacing her hands on his cock, he groaned.

"Oh! Oh! Oh, god, that's so good!"

I watched with rapt interest as she licked the length of his cock and placed her lips on the head before opening those luscious lips and slipping part way down his cock.

She exclaimed.

"You're so big and so long! I wish I could take all of you in!"

He admitted.

"I've never had anyone lick my cock before. It feels so intense and good."

With that encouragement, the now topless Kaylee renewed her ministrations on Joey's cock. Her mouth took in a little more of him with each stroke, and her cheeks collapsed as she sucked him on the back strokes. His fingers ran through her hair as he held her head while she moved up and down his seven, plus, inch tool.

His moaning and her slurping had an effect on me, too. I unzipped my pants and freed my cock from the confines of my jeans as quietly as I could. Watching her give this naive young man the thrill of his first blowjob was almost more than I could take.

Suddenly, Joey tensed and yelled.

"I'm going to cum!"

Kaylee instantly popped his cock out of her mouth and began stroking it again as she pointed the tip toward her breasts.

"Cum for me, baby! Cum on my tits!"

No sooner had she said it than he erupted all over her. He shot long ropes of cum that hit her face before she pointed him at her tits, which he soaked with more ropes of cum.

After he'd finished shooting, he was a little shaky on his feet, but Kaylee held his hips and steadied him.

"Baby, you sure can cum a lot! What a wonderful surprise."

With that, she used her finger to wipe some cum off of her tits and put it into her mouth. Then she wiped up another rope and offered it to him as she stood up in front of him.

He used his finger to wipe up a rope from her face then put it against her mouth. She opened her lips, sucked his finger in as if it was his cock, and slowly cleaned it before licking her lips.

"Yum!"

Joey was pretty well spent—she must've teased the hell out of him while they were on their moonlight hike. Kaylee realized he was done and started to clean up while he pulled up his jeans and put on his coat.

"You go on back to the dorm, Joey. I'll see you in the morning."

She grabbed a tissue and wiped the rest of his cum from her face and chest. Her tits jiggled with each step—she was still topless—as she sauntered across the room and her smile became more devilish as she approached the office.

I thought, 'Oh, fuck, I'm busted!' I steeled myself for the onslaught I'd expected, and deserved, for watching her seduce Joey.

My cock was still out as she walked up to me, but knowing it had to be put away (fast), it was fading fast. She put a finger to her lips to indicate I should say nothing, stopped directly in front of my chair, and looked straight at me.

Her belly button was dead level with my eyes, and I had to bend my neck back to look at her face—something that was hard to do because I couldn't stop staring at her tits, their full areolas, and hard nipples.

She put a finger under my chin and tilted my head back to look at her face.

"Joey is a sweet, young guy and I'm proud of what I did for him because he's never been that far with a girl during any of his eighteen years. I hope you enjoyed the show we put on tonight, but there's more that needs to be taken care of."

"Let me guess, you took care of his needs, but you haven't been satisfied, yet, have you?"

With a smirk, she said.

"You're pretty perceptive for a creeper. How about you take care of me and, come morning, this will never have happened."

I couldn't (nor was I about to) argue with her logic, so I stood from my desk chair, took her by the hand, and led her to the back of the main room near the couch.

By then, my cock had realized there was no threat, and it was recovering quite nicely. I stepped behind her and pulled her hair back, which exposed her neck. My breath caressed her neck and my lips followed.

My efforts yielded a sharp intake of breath from her as her nipples swelled and begged to be touched. I obliged and palmed her breasts in my hands, which caused her to arch her back and press her ass against my hardon and her tits into my hands.

A few more kisses and she was moaning. I continued to kiss her neck while my fingers explored her nipples. I rubbed them between my fingers and rolled them between my thumbs and forefingers before pulling them away from her body and letting them go so they snapped back.

Soon, I moved one hand down to her crotch. She spread her legs to give me access and pressed herself against my hand.

She acknowledged.

"You're doing very well, so far."

I moved my hand back to the waistband of her leggings, slipped it inside, and felt a very small, lacy panel that became very wet as my hand went further down. She was so wet, her juices were starting to escape the edges of the panel.

I whispered into her ear.

"I'm glad you approve."

I turned her around to face me, placed my hands on either side of her waist, and immediately started sliding her leggings down over her hips and ass. I didn't care whether I took her panties down with the leggings or not.

I managed to get only the leggings, which left her naked except for her thong—a lacy, completely soaked front panel that barely covered her pussy and with a lacy flair from the top of her butt crack to the waistband.

Since I was at the level of her pussy, I positioned my face less than an inch from her wet crotch, inhaled, and said.

"Mmm."

Then I ran my tongue through the gap at the top of her thighs.

"And extra tasty!"

She pushed her crotch firmly against my mouth and held my head in place.

"More! Stop teasing me!"

I stood, pushed her back onto the couch, dropped to my knees, and grabbed the waistband of her thong. She lifted her hips as I pulled it down past her knees and took both the leggings and thong completely off, freeing her to spread her legs. I spread her legs and pulled her forward to the edge of the cushion while positioning her legs on my shoulders.

Her lips were peeking out as I slipped my tongue between them to get a good taste of her. It was the tangy flavor (scented with her essence) that made me want more.

As my tongue thrusted between her lips and flicked over her clit, which was poking out from its hood, she yelled.

"Oh! Ahh! So fucking amazing! Keep going!"

She bucked her hips up and grabbed my head as she arched onto my tongue. I had a good grip on her hips and fucked my tongue into her pussy, again and again, then dragged it up to her clit.

"Ahh! Oh, fuck! Yes! Finger my pussy!"

I slid one and then a second finger into her pussy.

"Yes! Don't stop! I'm cumming!

Her legs gripped my head as she thrusted herself onto my tongue and finger, then clamped down. She shook and vibrated as her climax swept over her, which left her out of breath and panting.

As she pivoted onto the couch and threw one leg over the back of it, she exclaimed.

"I need you inside of me...now!"

I skinned down my jeans and stepped out of them. As she felt my weight on the couch, she grabbed my cock and felt the precum that was soon to mix with her pussy juices.

"Don't use a condom! I'm on the pill and I want to feel all of you!"

She pointed my cock toward her soaked and waiting pussy. As I slid the tip along her slit, she thrusted up and I slipped in. I'm as large as Joey, but I knew I was stretching her as I pushed in. I continued to push—she was so tight, it took a couple of thrusts until I was seated all of the way inside.

"God, you're so tight! I love your tight, little pussy!"

"Fuck me. Fuck me hard! I need you to stretch me!"

"I'll fuck you like the little slut you are! Do you want that? Are you my little slut?"

"Oh, yes! I'm your slut! Fuck me!"

Kaylee's begging to be fucked engorged me further. I knew what I wanted so I pulled out of her and said.

"On your knees, slut! I'll give you something to remember!"

I pulled out of her and watched as her puffy lips tried to close while she turned over. After she was on her knees, and my cock was against her pussy, I grabbed her hips and pulled her back onto me as I thrusted forward.

"Do you like being my little slut? Do you want me to fuck you harder?"

"Ugh! Yes! Fuck me and use me! I'm your slut!

I grabbed her hair, pulled her head back, which caused her back to arch, and spanked her ass as I drove into her again.

"Oh, fuck! Yes! Spank me! Make me cum!"

Each time I spanked her in time with my thrusts, she squealed and came closer to her climax. She bucked (hard) back against me and came (hard) on me—I could feel her juices dripping from my balls!

"Oh, god! Yes! Oh, fuck that's so good! Ahh-ahh!"

As she came for the second time within only a few minutes, I realized Kaylee was truly a wild woman in bed. I also knew I'd probably never experience her again.

"Now, I want to be fucked deep and I want to feel you cum inside of me! I won't get pregnant, but I want to feel you breeding me!"

The couch was wet with her juices, and the floor was hard, so I grabbed her jacket and snow pants and spread them on the floor for a little padding. She laid down, spread her legs, grabbed her knees, and pulled her knees to her shoulders. Her pussy looked well used by then, but I was ready to finish her off.

"Are you ready to be bred, slut?"

"Please, breed me. I want to feel you flooding me deep inside of me."

I took hold of my cock and stuffed it into her waiting pussy.

"Like this, little slut?"

"Oh, yes! So good!"

I spread her legs further apart, lifted her so her cunt was lined up for the deepest penetration I could get, and pushed in deep and hard.

"Yes! I can feel you so deep against my cervix! I've never been fucked so deep!"
