 Beautiful view, he said to himself.

He drove over the causeway onto Marco Island, looking around the curves of the southern Florida location that was a winter home for millionaires. He was one of them now, but he didn't feel like he was.

The sun shone and the breeze off the Gulf of Mexico cooled his face as he drove his convertible. He thought about the 80-100 hour weeks of his last decade, and hoped it had been worth it. He wasn't retired; far from it. But he was now able to actually, relax.

And feel her body.

She was here, somewhere. Waiting for him. They'd been online friends for more than a decade, but had never met. They'd met over a mutual interest in erotic art and literature (during his 80-hour weeks, the 100-hour weeks didn't allow for web browsing or even masturbation) and had stayed in contact. He heard about her first anal experience; she'd heard about his first threesome. Then she told him about her first threesome and he masturbated while she told him about it. Imagines of her licking a woman's clit while the woman's husband fucked her from behind...her heavy breasts being grabbed. 

She was funny, and she was sex. He couldn't help but think about her. He wasn't even jealous of her sexual experiences. He wanted her to get fucked, and fucked often. She was kinda bi, but more just experimental.

Then she told him of her wedding night; eight months later, when they reconnected, she told him about her divorce proceedings. Shit happens.

He'd bought the condo on the north side of the island, along Royal Marcus Way. It was a few million dollars that he could afford and he needed a winter getaway. And this year, she was it. She was his winter getaway. Away from northern Minnesota and the wicked wind bulleting off Lake Superior. He had 10 days away, and he wanted to enjoy his investment.

She was waiting for him at the end of a pier 10 minutes away from his new condo. Jessica loved the breeze and couldn't imagine not living in Florida. She'd grown up here, and had spent a few months in Connecticut with her lackluster husband. But Florida was home, and the winters were wonderful. The rest of America, with its blizzards and slush and frostbite was foreign to her mindset. Might as well live in Antarctica, she thought.

Jessica saw him walking down the pier. It was early morning and the only others out here were retirees on morning walks and fishermen hoping the pelicans didn't grab their catch from their hooks. But on the pier now walked a man with purpose. A man a half-dozen years older than she was. She'd just turned 24; he was almost 30.

A young multi-millionaire, and one that was easy on her eyes. He could have a reality show if he wanted the exposure, but he just wanted to work. She knew his addictions, his companies that he'd built, literally, from the first floor up. And sex.

She wore a sundress that left little to the imagination with her large breasts catching the eyes of many. She didn't care about them. Just about him.

Luke kept walking. He knew it was her, but she was so much more attractive in reality. He acknowledged her as he was within 10 feet of her, a rose in his hand.

"Beautiful view," he said as the sun basked her tanned skin and dark hair, millions of waves crashing along the Gulf of Mexico in the background. She was of Italian and Mexican heritage and her body was exotic. Her breasts large, her hips curved. She took a few steps to him, trapping the rose in her fingers and wrapping her arms around Luke as he leaned over. She nuzzled her nose into his neck, kissing him there first. She knew his neck was sensitive.

"Pleased to meet you, Luke," Jessica said. Their arms lingered around their waists as they looked at one another. He was of unknown heritage. His mother had dropped him off at a hospital when he was a few hours old, and wasn't expected to survive. But he did, and he thrived. He assumed he was mainly European in background. Maybe Irish, maybe Russian. He was taller than most, standing 6 foot 3 inches tall, with a stout chest and thick arms. He loved physical work outside but also knew he didn't make his money away from an office. Jessica was almost a foot shorter than him, and he liked that... he liked shorter women, almost to the point of being a fetish -- a short woman with large breasts always ignited his wick, even if it burnt out after a few moments.

Here, on a pier along Marcos Island, he was already getting hard. And she was already wet. It was the story of their relationship online. Whenever they were online at the same time, masturbation happened. It didn't matter about their moods or their preoccupations. 

"Would you like to go with me?" he said, already knowing the answer.

They held hands down the pier until they reached his convertible. He walked her to his passenger's side and opened her door. Then he leaned down and she peered up, sharing their first physical kiss together.

"I've wanted that for .... sooooo long," Jessica giggled.

He got in and kissed her again, then kissed along her neck and ear as he glanced down to her breasts and legs. She already had them spread in the car, her feet interlocked. Her pussy was wet with anticipation and she debated fingering herself while they began driving.

"You're wet," he said, having not touched her underneath her dress.

"Very," Jessica responded.

"Well, you know what we do when that happens," Luke said. He started the car and began driving slowly. He didn't know the roads too much, but GPS was helping him navigate. And although he had never touched her body, he knew it so well... he steered with is left hand and began massaging her knee, thigh and finally her pussy with his right.

She arched her back in the car, her breasts heaving upwards to the sun, as if they were a sacrifice to the wind and warmth of Marco Island.

He slid a finger between her folds and rubbed her clit with his thumb. She bit her lip and used her left hand to paw for his hardness. She felt it engorged in his khaki shorts, all 10 1/2 inches. It was her fetish and he had learned it over the years. She didn't know why, but she loved large, thick cocks. If a man only had 6 inches, he need not apply. And while it wasn't the first thing she knew about Luke (she didn't know his length until three years into their friendship), she was a fan of it now. She'd seen pictures of it soft, hard and ejaculating in pictures and short videos he'd sent her. Now, it was in her hand and hardening through his clothes.

Luke pressed down on the gas pedal and let the GPS guide him to his new winter home, a three story condominium with views of sunrises over a golf course, views of sunsets into the Gulf of Mexico and palm trees whisping in the wind. 

He took his hands off Jessica so he could punch in his security code, and drove through the private gate into his two car garage. He'd had the condo furnished and spent a few thousand dollars for an interior designer to work some magic inside. He stopped the car in the garage and he and Jessica began making out, kissing heavily as his hands groped her thighs and breasts. Her free hand grabbed at his pants.

"We should check out your new place," she said.

"I don't give a shit about it," he chuckled.

Jessica got out of the convertible and untied the knot around her neck. 

"Give me your keys," she said, the fabric hanging down her back. Luke flipped them to her and she unlocked the bottom floor door. She walked into it to see the beach outside a large sliding door with a small fence keeping people away from the area. Luke followed her inside, his hardness sliding down his shorts. He watched her hips sway and licked his lips. His new pool table, a 52-inch television and lounge chairs were in one section of the playroom, an office was in the other side.

All these places to fuck, they both thought.

Jessica ran her hand along the pool table, erotically playing with a cue and with two balls just momentarily, smirking back at Luke. He smiled back at her, wanting to taste every curve of her body. 

"Let's keep exploring," she said, as she started stepping up the first flight of stairs. As her legs stepped up, her breasts fell free of the sundress. She didn't hide herself, she just kept walking up the stairs as Luke watched and followed. He saw the image of her from behind, looking at her ass, her back and her legs.

And as she reached the second floor, she looked back at him.

Tits. 

She stretched a bit as she looked at the second floor, which was the "main floor" of the condo. It had two guest bedrooms, two baths, a large living area and a kitchen with a dining room set up next to it. In Minnesota, this was a standard home. But it was all about location, location, location. What would have cost $240,000 on the northern plains of Minnesota was $2.4 million on the Gulf of Mexico on Marco Island.

And worth every penny to Luke as he looked at her.

Jessica walked to a large window from the dining room that looked onto the Gulf. She pressed her nipples to it. Anyone looking in could have seen her and she didn't care. Luke walked up behind her and kissed her neckline. His fingers reached down and his fingernails pressed into her thigh. He glided them up and over her thighs, along her tummy and onto her breasts. She reached behind to find the bulge in his pants again, rubbing it up and down. Luke took his right hand and slid it down between her legs again, feeling her smoothly shaved pussy and pinching her nipples with his left hand. 

Jessica turned to him and pulled his T-shirt off his body, kissing him midchest and looking up at him. She wanted his 10 1/2 inches. He knew it.

He stepped back, and turned away, walking to the next flight of stairs that was leading up to the master suite. He unbuckled his belt and pulled down his shorts and underwear. Jessica looked at him as he walked up the stairs completely naked, his strong thighs taking the steps up. Tease, she thought, as she could see his large dick, mid-erection, swinging. He hadn't lied to her, he was at least 10 inches big, and thick. She pulled off the rest of her sundress and walked up the stairwell.

He walked into his new second bedroom, much more spacious than his Minnesota dwelling. He walked to the veranda and opened the door onto the balcony. His cock wasn't seen by the public since the balcony was enclosed by a stucco fencing. He turned around as Jessica walked out, gripping his cock like she had gripped the rose on the pier. She pulled on all 10 1/2 inches as he became very hard. Precum seeped off the head and she smeared it along the shaft.

Luke leaned down and kissed her, picking her up as she wrapped her legs around him. There were so many things they wanted to do together. 69. Titty fuck. Anal. Group fucking. Fuck in public.

But right here, right now, it was all about them. Not their pasts, not their future. He walked with her legs wrapped around his back...her wet pussy slipping along the length of his cock. Luke loved holding her in his arms, feeling her breasts on his chest as they kissed. He put one arm under her ass as he took her to the side of his bed, impaling himself into her pussy-on-fire as he laid her down. 

He was big. Bigger than she'd had and bigger than she'd anticipated. But she was wanting and wanton about her desire. He slowly drove his cock into her, three inches, and then five. And then eight. She arched her back and he kissed her nipples, her hands on the sides of his chest as she locked her ankles behind him. 

Her breasts rippled as he plunged his cock into her, their breathing rapid. He wanted to see her, all of her, so he flipped her over and let him ride her. She was in control of how much of his cock fucked her. Every guy wants a large cock until girls can't fit it in and are scared of it, then reality sets in that a big cock sometimes stays a little lonely unless the girl doesn't mind a little pain mixed in the pleasure.

Jessica repositioned herself over Luke, gripping his hard cock soaked with her juices and slide it back into her pussy. Nine inches. Luke looked at her, her brown hair draping against his chin as she looked down at their coupling. She looked up, breathed in and smiled, giggling and moaning at the same time.

"I love this fucking cock," she said. "I love fucking you."

She leaned back, taking as much into her body as she could, and began riding him hard and fast. His hands mapped her body, his fingers navigating from her mouth, running along her lips, down her neck and again over her 38D breasts, along her little belly and onto her strong thighs, onto her clit and massaging her pussy lips as he fucked her. 

The sun lightened the room as they fucked for 10 minutes as she rode him, then he leaned up and flipped her back over. She'd been taking about 10 inches of him, and he hadn't been so deep into a woman in years. She began talking dirty.

"Fuck my little cunt with your big cock. Feels so fucking good. So good," she said as she began screaming. "Oh God, I'm going to cum," she said.

And, as she did, something happened that had only happened once while she was masturbating. She squirted juices all over, the pressure ejecting his cock as her body's wetness rained onto him and the sheets and the carpet. She cried in exhilaration and a bit of embarrassment, but Luke was proud. He knew she could be a squirter, and was happy to bring her to that level of orgasm.

She shook in pleasure and pulled on his cock, still hard. "Fuck me again. Fuck me and fill me with your cum, Luke," she said.

"Turn over," he ordered. As she did, Luke pushed his cock back inside her pussy, gripping her hips with his fingers, his fingernails leaving 10 impressions into her thighs. He banged away into her fuck as she moaned and cried and begged for his cum. She reached back and played with his cock, balls and her clit as he impaled her over and over.

"Oh my fucking God. I'm about to cum," he announced. And he did, ejecting his fluids deep into her body. It seemed like it lasted forever as he dumped five or six blasts inside her. It seemed like it lasted forever, and yet it was over so quick. He held her from behind in an afterglow, kissing her neck and teasing her tits again as she smiled. Both had been sated from a fantasy come true. 

She off the bed and went back to the veranda. He sat up and looked, her naked, sweating body with cum and wetness slowing seeping out of her pussy was in the foreground; a large beach and seemingly endless miles of the sea beyond her. She turned to him, her naked body on display.

"What are you thinking?" Jessica said.

"Beautiful view."