 Pushing your pole into the deep snow, you propel yourself forwards the final bit up the rise to overlook the snow capped trees below. Nestled in amongst them is the soft yellow glow of our cabin, a bastion of warmth and coziness after hour long trek through the trails. It's your first time cross-country skiing and it's been a magical experience. Sliding through the silent white ground, seeing the frozen wilderness before, even catching glimpse of a deer amongst the trees, it's been wonderful. But now you are sufficiently frozen and aren't sure if you'll ever feel your face again. You're very much looking forwards to reaching the cabin.

"Ready to get some warmth back in your toes?" I ask you, a playful grin on my face. I stand next to you on the rise, covered in thick layers of winter gear like you, with only my face showing. You nod and point your skis to follow me. I take us down the gentler side of the sloping hill, letting gravity do the work to slide down to the bottom, needing only a few strides to reach the cabin awaiting us. This has been one of your favourite parts of your chilly adventure. You can't help but laugh as you slide down the hill, the cold air rushing against your face. You come up next to me with a grin and begin to undo the bindings holding the skis in place.

We make our way through the deep powder to the front door. We're greeted by the warm glow of the light we left on as a beacon to guide us home. Closing the door behind us, we block off the cold and take a moment to bask in the heated air. The lack of wind is a welcome feeling for our faces but almost immediately our noses begin to drip as they defrost. Quickly we shed our extra layers, hanging up our snow soaked coats and snow pants and peeling away our sweaters. We both rush to grab tissues in hopes of stopping the flows coming from our noses. We look at each other, both with tissue pressed against our faces, and can't help but laugh. We looks ridiculous.

"One problem with being out in the cold." I tell you. You aren't used to taking on these cold temperatures. You have no idea how I manage a full season of this. I pull at my shirt, clinging to my body soaked in the sweat from our journey. "Another problem. Bundled up in all those layers, you can't help but get all sweaty." You pull at your own shirt, feeling a chill creep under it as the air touches your sweat sheened skin.

"I think I'm going to have a nice warm shower." You say, making your way to the bathroom. I eagerly follow, my eyes locked on your swaying hips in front of me. You turn the corner and with a devious smile, close the door in my face. I'm shocked, doing a double take before realizing what just happened. I try the handle with no luck, you've locked the door. I knock against it, hoping you'll take pity on me with my cries of desperation. Instead I hear the sound of the shower turning on. I hang my head in sadness, walking to the bedroom across the hall to wait for you to finish. I'm only a few steps away when I hear the sound of the door unlatching.

I quickly spin around and see a small sliver of light with a hint of steam now escaping the bathroom. I slowly push the door open, watching the gap with anticipation of what sight might await my eyes. It opens to the mirror over the sink, beginning to dig over from the growing steam coming from the shower. I can make out movement through the blurred picture and know what's on the other side of the door. I step in and close it behind me. There, enclosed in the frosted glass of the shower, your naked silhouette moves before me as you lean your head back, letting the hot water soak your long luxurious locks.

I nearly lose myself to the erotic sight before me, disbelieving that such a beautiful woman would be here with me, let alone naked in the shower. I snap myself out of my reverie and quickly shed off my clothes, not caring where they land. In seconds I'm naked too and crack the shower door open.

"Took you long enough." You say, your eyes closed as you work shampoo through your wet hair. I smile and slip in behind you, my hands drawing themselves around your smooth stomach and pull you against me, the water cascading down between us.

"Sorry," I tell you, "I was admiring the incredible view." I lean down and softly kiss your neck. Slowly I plant kisses down to your shoulder, then move to do the same to the other side. You let out a pleasurable hum, enjoying my affection and the feeling of my arms around you.

"I was hoping you would join me." You say, looking back at me with a playful smile.

"Oh yeah? Why is that beautiful?" I ask between kisses.

"I need someone to help wash my back." You tell me, wiggling yourself to emphasize your need.

"It would be my pleasure my darling."

I reach past you to pick up the bottle of body wash and pouf hanging up next to it. Regretfully releasing my grip on your beautiful body, I pour out some of the sweet smelling soap and begin to work into a foamy lather. Putting the bottle back, I gently begin massaging your shoulders with the soapy pouf.

You let out a moan of relief, enjoying the feeling of my hands rubbing at your sore muscles. I slowly move my way down your body, leaving behind a thick trail of suds as I wash your back. My free hand follows behind, rubbing and massaging with my fingers as I move along your smooth skin. I reach your lower back, stopping just at the top of your firm cheeks. Tracing my finger down your spine and sending delightful tingles through your body, I pause to ask, "Want me to keep going?" You turn your head to look at me with a playful smile, "Only if you want to." You say, knowing that's exactly what I want to do.

Needing no further encouragement, I slip along the slope of your ass, trailing suds along your smooth skin. I take my time as I move across you, savouring the feeling of your firm cheeks beneath my hand. Bringing the pouf under the curve of your ass, I slip it between your legs. You gasp as the soft soapy sensation lightly tickles the lips of your pussy. I smile, continuing to soap up your legs. I run the pouf down your thighs, using both hands to massage your taut muscles, squeezing your with a firm, methodic pressure to work away the tension.

You moan as I move down to you calves, shuddering from the delightful tingle that shoots through you as I slide down the back of your knees. Taking a leg in each hand, I rub the soap down your calves, slipping around to run my hands along your feet. With gentle prompting from my hands, you lift your right foot for me. Letting the pouf dangle from my wrist, I take your soft foot in both my hands and begin to rub and squeeze it with my fingers. You sigh in relief as I work the tension out of your foot. I massage every inch of you, pressing my thumb along your heel down to the balls of your feet. I gently flex your toes back and forth, stretching them out to ease the stiffness built up from our hike. Gingerly I place your foot back down and pick up the other one to give it the same treatment.

My hands glide back up your body, the soap letting them slide smoothly along your silky skin. I set the pouf down and rinse my hands free of the suds, turning you to face me. Struggling not to glance down at your beautiful body, I look into your eyes, catching your gaze with my own deep browns.

"Time to rinse off." I tell you, a hint of desire in my voice, emphasized by the slightest raise of my eyebrow and the cocky smirk across my lips.

Not saying a word, you return my smirk and turn around, pulling your wet hair over your shoulder and leaving you back exposed for me to rinse you clean. I reach for the nearby washcloth and hold it under the warm stream. I squeeze the soaked cloth over your body, watching as the water cascades down your neck, across your shoulders, down your spine, washing away the suds and leaving your caramel skin glistening and smooth.

Re-soaking the cloth, I slip it down your body, hovering just before the curve of your firm cheeks. With a squeeze, I send another wave of clear warm water flowing over your ass and down your legs, taking the soap along with it and sending it to the drain. Making sure to get every inch of you clean, I slide the cloth between your legs and squeeze it once more. You shiver as the cloth tickles your bare pussy, sending warm water down your inner thighs. I pull it away to fill with water once more. My other hand lightly pulls on your shoulder, turning you to face me and my coy smile.

My hand holds the cloth just above your breasts before I grasp it tight and let the water wash the suds away from your beautiful chest. Slowly, I glide the cloth along your skin, between your breasts, down your firm stomach. Looking up to meet your eyes and wearing that same cocky smile as before, I squeeze the cloth, pressing it to your body just barely above your clit. You gasp as you feel the warm water rush past you, the edge of the cloth just grazing you as I tighten my grip on it. It flows down your legs, washing away the last of the soap and leaving your skin shimmering with clear water.

Placing one hand against my bare chest, you push me against the back wall of the shower. Turning away from me once more, you tilt your head back into the stream and use your hands to rinse out the shampoo. I watch you, admiring your exquisite body under the water. You pull yourself out from under the water and open your eyes, turning your head to look over your shoulder at me with a devilish smile.

"Your turn." you tell me with a sultry voice. My smile widens on my lips as I step forward to meet you under the stream, excited to feel your hands rubbing soap along my naked body. As I step into the water, you step out of the shower, looking back at me with that same devious grin. "Have fun!" you say with a wink, before walking away and leaving me watching your gorgeous hips sway with each step as the shower door slowly shuts.

My mouth hangs open. I'm frozen under the water, unable to move, unable to speak, in complete shock you just left me in the shower. I snap out of it and, with a fiery determination, quickly begin scrubbing myself down and washing my hair. This is going to be the quickest shower I've ever had. There's no way I'm going to let you get away with this.

As I rinse the last of the soap and shampoo away from my body, there's only one thing on my mind. What I'm going to do to your beautiful naked curves when I hunt you down. I shut off the water and step out to grab a towel. Quickly I dry myself off before wrapping the white cotton around my waist and barging out of the bathroom.

I peek in the bedroom, thinking you may have gone to bed. Nothing. It's empty. Curious, I continue down the hall. I soon see the glow of a fire dancing along the walls. Stepping out into the living room, I find you laying in front of the roaring fire on top of the soft faux fur rug. Wrapped in one of the large cozy blankets, you're on your stomach watching the flames in the fireplace before you. I glimpse your bare shoulders sticking out of your cocoon and I know, just know, that the blanket is the only thing covering your beautiful caramel skin.

I catch myself before I let out a soft moan thinking about your naked body. I don't want to give myself away. Tiptoeing quietly across the wood floor, the crackle of the fire masking my steps, I creep up behind you. You suddenly feel my weight on you as I straddle your body, sitting down on your firm ass and leaning forward to face your now turned head. You meet my eyes with a devious smile on your luscious lips.

"Did you get yourself all cleaned up?" You ask me, feigning a tone of innocence.

I narrow my gaze, glaring at your sparkling eyes staring up at me. "Yes I did, no thanks to you." Before I can say anything else, you lift your head and plant a soft kiss on my lips.

"Good boy. Now, why don't you climb into this blanket with me so we can warm up together?" You say in your sultry voice.

I'm powerless to resist. The fight gone from me the second you lift the blanket, inviting me in to join you with a hint of your naked curves highlighted by the flames. Getting off of you, I let my towel drop to the floor and slide myself in next to yours. 

You sidle up next to me, pressing yourself tight against my naked body. I wrap an arm around you, feeling your fire-warmed skin against my own. My hand begins exploring your smooth stomach, slowly gliding my fingers up your body. My hips can't help by gyrate against your firm ass pressed tight against my hard cock, sliding it up and down your crack. I can't help but let out a soft moan feeling your silky smooth skin along my shaft.

My hand creeps ever higher, coming up to slip across your breasts. As I brush along your nipples, you let out a soft gasp. As much as you've been wanting to tease me and drive me wild, you couldn't help but get yourself worked up. Feeling my fingers begin to dance across your nipples, my hard, throbbing cock pressed against your ass, you can't help but get excited, a flood of wetness growing between your legs.

My hand grasps your breast, giving you a firm squeeze as I push myself against you. I lean down and begin placing soft, passionate kisses along your bare shoulder. Working my way from your arm, along your collarbone, slowly up your neck, my lips continue to explore your delicious caramel skin. Your head tilts up to make room my mouth getting higher up your neck. I snake my hand away from your breasts, slipping between your cleavage to lightly place two fingers under your chin. With a gentle push I turn your head to face me, meeting your gaze with fiery look and cocky grin. I dip my head to meet your lips with mine. What begins as a soft touch soon transforms into a deeper, lustful connection between us.

Our mouths part, our tongues slipping through to dance around each other as my grip tightens on you, holding you close to me. While our tongues explore each other's mouths, our hands begin exploring each other's bodies. My arm slips under your neck, wrapping around you to tenderly massage your breasts. At the same time, my other hand slides down your sexy frame, dipping at your hip to the sweet wetness I know is growing between your legs.

You release a soft moan between us as my fingers creep across your skin and brush against your sensitive clit. They slide lower, parting your wet slit as they go, coating themselves with your sweet juices. Slick and wet, they easily glide along, beginning to explore every part of your sensitive pussy, hovering around your hole as they move up and down your gaping lips.

My other fingers begin to swirl around your hardened nipples, sweeping across them to give them a quick pinch every now and again. As you let out another moan, I take advantage of your open mouth and suck your bottom lip into my mouth, biting it as I tug on you with my teeth before letting it slip away. Looking down at you with a devious smirk, I suddenly slip my fingers inside your wet pussy. Your eyes widen as you gasp from the pleasurable shock rippling through you. With my fingers deep inside you, you feel them begin to slowly work back and forth, a slight curve making them touch the most sensitive parts inside you. Your gasp turns to a low moan and you look at me with fiery desire, pulling me back to your lips so you can taste me once more as my fingers rock in and out of your wet pussy.

The pulses of ecstasy coming from my fingers inside you begin to make you want to lose control. You can't help it when your hips begin to gyrate against my hand, your body craving more of my touch. I pull away from your mouth and begin to plant a kisses down your chin, your throat, your shoulder. As my lips get lower, I slide one more finger inside you, filling you even more as they slip in and out of your tight hole. Running down your chest, my mouth finds your perky breasts and takes one of your nipples in between my lips. My tongue swirls around it, flicking your nipple back and forth, sucking on it, gently biting it, doing my best to taste every millimetre of your flesh.

You moan as I devour you, relishing the feeling of my mouth upon your nipple, my fingers inside your dripping pussy. You feel me begin to move my own hips back and forth against you, my hard cock sliding up and down your ass. You reach your hand behind you and take hold of my thick shaft, feeling me throb in your grip.

"I need you inside me." You breathlessly demand, turning your head to look at me with lust filled eyes. My own eyes brighten seeing the hunger inside you.

I pull away from your tits long enough to nod at you, desire written in my expression. You guide my cock between your legs, spreading them slightly to let my girth slip inside your sopping pussy. My tip presses against your waiting, ready hole and slowly you feel me easily push inside you. You arch your back against me, savouring the feeling of me finally filling you. My cock keeps going and going until you feel my balls press tight against you, my entire length deep inside you. I pulse my thick cock against your tight grip before slowly sliding my shaft out once more. Just before the head slips out, I push myself back in. Over and over, in and out, slowly letting you feel every inch of me squeeze through your tight hole.

You arch your back, indulging yourself in the sensation of my thickness inside you. Your movement exposes your neck, luring my mouth to clamp down on your sweet flesh and take a bite. You let out a wail of delight feeling my teeth and tongue on you. The sliver of pain shoots through you to mix with the pleasure erupting from between your legs.

I feel you squirm against me. I smile before biting down once more, my cock now moving faster and faster inside you as our lust grows. I let out a low growl against your skin. You turn to look back at me, a fire of desire and craving alight in both our eyes. I smile glimpsing that want, that need to be fucked, hard, on your face. And I am determined to deliver.

Throwing the blanket aside, I flip you around and pull you on top of me. In an instant my cock is back inside you as you lower yourself down onto my shaft. I pull you down to my lips, slipping my tongue into your mouth in a passionate kiss. My hand reach back to dig my nails into the soft flesh of your ass. With a firm grip, I guide you up and down on my throbbing cock.

You break away from my lips to gasp for air as you bounce faster and faster. I push up against you and eagerly begin kissing and nibbling at every part of you. Your throat, your shoulders, your chest, my mouth works my way down your body. As I reach your breasts, you let out a gasp at the feeling of my warm tongue flicking across your nipple. You begin to bounce harder on me, wanting to take as much of me inside you as you can. I move to your other nipple. You let out a slight shriek as I bite down, the feeling heightening the ecstasy tearing through you.

You dig your fingers into my back, pinning me against you with your nails. Your hips rock back and forth, my cock sliding in and out of you, my body rubbing against your clit. We moan together, primal roars overtaking the roar of the fireplace reflecting flames against our glistening bodies. We lock ourselves together, combined as a single being of pure pleasure. The sensation of my cock inside your tight hole, the feeling of your clit grinding against me, the flesh under our nails, we experience each feeling as one. I move to bite down on your neck. You do the same. Our carnal passions take control. There is nothing else but our two bodies rocking against each other.

The heat inside you swells. An orgasmic rush of ecstasy tearing through your body. You clench your thighs around me, your fingers digging into my back. You let out a scream as your climax peaks and your pussy quivers around my cock as you cum. You clutch to me, supporting yourself on me as you weaken from the sheer intensity of the pleasure still rippling through you. Your hips continue to rock against me as you ride out the final waves of your orgasm, sliding yourself slowly up and down on my hard cock.
