 The date went alright, it was as I had expected. He was a perfect gentleman and never tried to push an agenda. I thought the movie was great; dinner was amazing at my favorite steak house. He was very attentive, left his cell phone in the car and engaged in conversation that stimulated my intellectual side. I was wondering where this date was headed. All night I just wanted to pull him into a dark corner and bring that mouth down on mine. He is the definition of tall, dark, handsome, sweet, and sexy as hell.

We both knew that this night would come and that even though we were a little uptight to begin with, we made a decision to go out and to enjoy each other's company. We had been flirting hard for about a year and after he picked me up at my door, he looked me up and down in true male fashion and told me that I looked great. He always told me that I looked great when I took the time to dress up for him specifically. He smelled so good; when I stepped out the door following him toward the car, I stopped him in front of the garage. 

He turned toward me and I said, I am so glad to see you and I held out my arms for a warm hug to start the night off right. When he wrapped his arms around me I inhaled his cologne and my senses seemed to leave my body for a minute or two. Besides smelling like I could dip him in chocolate and happily lick him off, his casual slacks and button up shirt made him look like a GQ model. I did not want to turn loose of him. But, I loosened my grip on him and he tightened his, breathing in the smell of my hair. Mmm he murmured; you smell amazing. Thank you I laughed and he turned loose and took my hand leading the way to his car.

Opening the car door I slipped inside with ease. He shut the door and made his way to the driver's side. He gets in starts the car; are you ready he looks at me grinning like a kid with a new toy. Oh man, I just want to bypass the date and head for a dark parking spot and commence doing what I want with him. He is knocking me out. Most definitely I grin, and then wink. He laughs and pulls away from the curb. Here we go I say to myself. 

What movie are you taking me to? I asked him with a soft sweet tone and bat my eyelashes a few times for fun. Murder before dawn is playing later he said, it's supposed to be a comedy; I thought it might be fun to have a few laughs. Are you hungry? I thought we would go to the Texas Roadhouse he says in a smooth buttery voice looking down the road.

Sounds great I grin, I love that place. He had reservations for us and we were right on time to get our table when we got there. He took my hand and I trailed along behind him following the waitress. When we were seated the smug little blonde waitress placed a menu on either side of the booth. To her dismay he slid into the booth next to me instead of the other side of the booth. How nice I thought. The waitress started asking the usual questions and it was quite clear that she was interested in my man. It was quite clear that she was blatantly flirting with him. But who wouldn't? He had a thousand watt smile and his charm was like warm syrup that any woman would beg to have poured on her.

I look at the waitress and I give her a stern look to let her know that her time was up and she had better back the hell off. She returned a moment later with our drinks and takes our order and leaves with a smile gently touching his arm to say if there was anything at all she could get him, just motion for her. He turns toward me and grins; well I guess you put the go sign on her. I don't know what you are talking about I look at him and bat my eyelashes again. You the jealous type pussy cat he smiles. Maybe, you know me...

I debated on drinking wine; I knew that he was not a fan of alcohol so I decided to drink tea for the rest of the meal. He had his normal Pepsi and our casual conversation was placed on hold when our food arrived. He ordered the Porter House and I was very jealous as he enjoyed it along with vegetables and a baked potato. I eat my salad and try to act like I enjoy it as much as possible. It was a very delicious; I was just used to having a nice of meat on my plate. If everything went well tonight, it might just happen anyhow.

He cuts a piece of the steak with a nice line of beef fat on it. My mouth is watering even though it's full of rabbit food. He looks at me with a grin and the meat dangling off the fork. Would you like a bite he says giving me a devilish grin. His steel grey eyes are dancing with the temptation. I want to turn him down, but I don't want to turn him down. Yes of course I state and reach for his fork. Uh, uh he says, no touching my fork. Open your mouth for me he says while licking his lips. 

Unfair I state as he brings the fork to my mouth and I part my lips. He puts the meat near my lips and gently slides it across my bottom lip. I am lost in the moment with him and then I hear someone clear their throat. We were so caught up in our escapade that we failed to notice the waitress with a water pitcher filling our glass. I look over at her and flash an eat shit and die smile and take the fork into my mouth. He grins at me and then at the waitress. I see her over at the bar and she looks directly at me and mouths the words: Lucky bitch.

When dinner was over we left for the movies. After giving me his hand to help me out of the car, he never turned loose. His hand was warm and calloused. I loved a man who had skills; it was a major turn on. I let him keep my hand and as he clicked the lock, we turned and headed for the theatre. I felt loved, I felt owned, and I felt protected and cared for. He was not trying to, but he validated my existence. When he opened the door of the theatre for me, he pulled my hand up and onto my shoulder so he didn't have to break his grip.

He had to turn loose of my hand in order to buy the tickets and when he got the tickets he reached for my hand again and led me toward our showing. Popcorn, he said looking toward the vendors. Thank you I said, but I am stuffed from dinner grinning up at him. We went to the counter anyhow and he ordered a Pepsi for himself and a large bottle of water for me. Thank you I smiled looking up at him. Sure he grinned, and there is was, he was starting to hold his breath a little again. I love it when he is holding his breath and getting a little worked up when he is near me.

I smiled inwardly and knew that this was going to be a fun night. Lucky for us, there were hardly any other people in the theatre so seating was not an issue. I enjoyed being next to him and I shivered a little inside as he put his arm around my shoulders. I look up at him and he raises an eyebrow. He looked happy and I wish that I knew what he looked like when he was in love, maybe I could have reveled in the moment a little. I look at his face a little longer while he turns back to the movie. I enjoy the angular structure and the nice full lips that I hope will be on mine by the end of the night.

He took my hand again in his when we were leaving the theatre walking to the car. Opening the car door he blocked me from getting in. I looked confused and looked up into his eyes illuminated by the parking lot light overhead. He said I can't resist, he dropped a light kiss on my lips. I closed my eyes and then opened them at the break of the kiss. More please, I ask with a shiver traveling down my spine and a look of anticipation. Yes, he said bringing his mouth down on mine again. This time he pulled me into his arms and kissed me with urgency and longing. I have wanted this for so long and finally his lips were taking my heart and soul in every sense of the word. His tongue parted my lips and he kissed me long and hard as I drank him in.

Finally when he pulled away and we were clinging to each other breathlessly. I never wanted to leave his arms. I wanted to be with him from this point on forever. Pussy cat I want more he said into my ear. Can I have you tonight? Shock waves shot throughout my body. I was instantly ready to give my body and soul to him. We had been in separation for too long. I pulled his head gently down so I could whisper in his ear; yes, I am all yours. Good he said as he pushed a leg between mine and I felt his bulge pressing into my torso. Oh fuck, this is so wrong but it feels so right.

He takes my hand in his again and helps me into the car and as I put my seat belt on, he kisses me again deep and wantonly. Practically running around to the driver's side, he starts the car and backs out of his space I said, where are you taking me? To my place he says in deep husky breath. Pulling out on the main road he puts his hand on my thigh and grins. My-my, he says, you are firm to the touch, yoga really pays off huh? Yes I smile. How nice of him to notice. I take his hand off my thigh and bring it to my lips gently kissing all of his knuckles.

What are you doing to me he growls. Teasing, I smile. He shakes his head and grins as we hit the freeway to make a fast trip home. I giggled and said you are in so much trouble. I pulled my shirt out of my slacks and put his hand up under the fabric on top of my breast so he could feel how fast my heart was beating. Excited much he says? No faster than your heart right now I laugh. And Mr. Stud Muffin, your boner is giving you away at the moment too. I'm sure if I stuck my hands down your pants right now he laughed, you would be warm and wet, no?

Just a bit I giggled as a shock wave went up my spine. He opened his palm flat and turned it backward to encompass a breast. Big and soft, just the way I like them he grinned. He was swerving a little on the road and it made me nervous. Okay lover boy keep your hands off the goods until we get back to your place. He looked defeated but settled for putting his hand back on my thigh.

Pulling up in front of his house I was having second thoughts. What if he thinks I am a slut when I am ready to give it all to him on our official first date? But then I realize that we had been kind of social dating for the last year and this was the time we were finally going to let our freak flags fly and come into physical union with each other. Reaching his house, he quickly turned off the car and zipped around to my door and held out a hand to help me out. I took his hand and he almost yanked me out of the car and then pressed me hard up against the side and buried his mouth into my neck. He started biting me; and he was sending chills down my body.

My hands started traveling all over his back and ass. He was firm to the touch no matter where they went. The frenzied biting turned into kisses all over my face, neck, and where the skin was not covered on my collar bone. Okay, okay baby I whined. Let's continue this inside. Your wish is my command he breathed out in a gush. Taking my hand he lead me up the steps to his flat and after unlocking the door I asked, is your roommate home? Nope he said nonchalantly, he works nights. He swung the door open and pulled me inside with him. Like a klutz I tripped over the door tread and came crashing into his arms.

Hey baby he laughed, I know what you want, but no need to attack me. Very funny I smiled looking up from his abdomen. He closed the door behind me and went into the kitchen. I need a drink you're drying me out, do you want anything he asked hurriedly while downing a bottle of water. Really baby? You want to have a night cap first? No not really he said coming out of the kitchen unbuttoning his shirt and pulling it off his shoulders tossing it to a nearby chair. I loved the way this man looked. Nice and smooth with a little hair traveling up from his belly button to spread over his chest. His skin was a beautiful honey color, almost Italian or Jewish. Come to me pussy cat he said in a low growl. He used that nickname a lot and when I was angry he said don't be a pissy kitty.

There was always a spark between us, what started out as friendship grew into so much more. I walked over to him and he wasted no time in sliding off my black blazer I wore and then he slid his hands up under my shirt and lifts it off from me. I stood before him in a lace front closing bra and he cupped my breasts grinning and saying all mine finally. One quick movement he freed my breasts and cast my bra to the side with the rest of my clothes. 

Kneeling before me he unzipped my tall boots and I stepped out of them. He pulled my socks off and put them with the rest of my clothes. Next thing to go were my slacks which he had no trouble unbuttoning and sliding down my legs as I stepped out of them. He snapped my slacks into shaped and laid them with my clothes. I stood there before him in nothing but panties he said come with me. He took my hand and led me to the bedroom. He pushed me back onto the middle of the bed when he begins his assault.

Burying his nose into my crotch he takes in a deep breath and says you smell so good with lust in his half glazed eyes. His fingers are hooking the spaghetti straps of my panties and he makes short work of them and tosses them to the floor. Am I your high priced hooker that you wanted to take to work and shove in everyone's faces I moaned? Yep he states, not missing a beat, I want to show you off to everyone. For fuck's sake, he was a nutcase. His body rubs along the length of mine when he travels up to my mouth and kisses me deep again and continues the nibbling, kissing and licking where ever he chooses.

And as I laid back on the bed and spread my legs, his hands slid down my thighs to my mound. He pushed my petals wide open and then slid his thumb inside me. I moaned and was caught up in the touch of his rough hands. You like that don't you he whispered looking into my eyes, I do I replied. My eyes roamed over his chest and his torso. He reached for his belt and I watched as he unbuckled the latch and then the button on his jeans. A wicked smile played across his face. You want to see don't you he grinned. Yes I moaned. He slowly undressed by sliding his jeans down in a teasing manner and my excitement was building to an excruciating point in anticipation of what he was going to do to me.

He kicked off his shoes unceremoniously and stepped out of his jeans and briefs leaving nothing to my imagination. I take in his long legs and his cock standing upright and ready. He straddles my thighs and grinds his cock into my pelvis. He gives each nipple a gentle twist and sucks them one at a time till my areolas were hard and rose to his attention. I bring my hands down and run them all over his back and ass. He groans a little and kisses me deep. I drink from his mouth with our tongues rolling over and over again. He puts a leg down and lengths it out along mine and then uses the other knee to spread my legs apart again. His breathing is faster and his movements more erratic. One minute he was kissing me and then the next OH FUCK! He slips inside me. His cock fills me up and stretches me.

Oh fuck you're tight he moans. My pussy is throbbing as he slides in and out of me. Each thrust brings a whole new level of pleasure. I cry out in ecstasy as he continues to fuck me. Oh fuck, don't stop I beg. My whole body is wrapped around him and the intense pleasure he is bringing me is sending me over the edge. Soon I start to orgasm and moan. His thrusting speeds up and I am getting ready to explode. I snap over the edge and cry out in pleasure. He stops moving so fast and starts a long slow hard thrust. Oh fuck, he is coming in me. I open like a flower to accept every drop. I am burning inside and I feel intense pleasure in being with him and taking all of him inside.

The thrusting finally stops and I shiver. Goose bumps rise on my body and he says are you cold? I nod my head yes and he pulls a blanket over the top of us. He slides out of me and onto his side. I am wrapped in his arms and I start to feel warm and toasty from my head to my toes. Was it what you expected he whispered huskily and deep? I looked him in the eyes. As his gaze slipped from one of my eyes to the other, I said it was so much more. It felt like our souls melted together and our union was complete. 

After laying quietly for a few minutes I ask him; was it good for you? He pushed his pelvis into my thigh and I could feel that he was starting to rise again. Does that answer your question? I have fantasized about how good it would feel to fuck you silly and make you come just like you did. I am ready to do it again. His mouth came down on mine and his tongue darted in showing me dominance. I roll back and he says no. He pulls my body on top of his so I am straddling his lap. 

Grabbing me by the hips he pushes me back further and lifts me and I slide down his shaft. His cock hurts for a moment as I feel the head push all the way to the top; I relax my muscles allowing me to take all of him inside. Ride me he commands and uses his hands on my hips to set the pace. He lifts his thighs and I put my heels under his buttocks and lock him into place. He continues to move with me and send pleasure through my entire body with each push. I lean forward and he takes a breast in each hand and licks and sucks my nipples tantalizingly until they are insanely sensitive. 

Moving my feet back to the sides of his thighs, he sits up while still inside me wraps me in a bear hug. He is face to face and starts kissing me while I move on his lap. He can see in my eyes every time I get close to cuming and he stills my movements. Each time is a little more intense than the last. His cock is so hard he could pound a nail into a cement block and his stamina is incredible. Are you ready he murmurs in my ear; for what I whisper back in a raspy voice?

This, he says as he pushes me back on the bed with his cock still inside me and I free my legs and wrap them around his hips and he proceeds to move me back and forth on his cock while I support my weight. Oh fuck its intense and when I start to cum he never slows his motion. He starts pulling me harder back toward him and I hear the skin slap as it meets. He starts to growl and grunt a little as his hyper focused attention is on pleasure. My orgasm comes hard and intense as he begins to cum and he starts panting and I see his eyes shut tightly and his mouth open sucking in a heavy breath.

Baby I want you on my dick all the time now. I want this with you every time we make love. My mouth drops open and he pulls me close to claim it with his. I wrap my arms around his neck and let him kiss me slow and deep. Looking into my eyes he has sealed the deal with me. If this is all I will ever have in my life, I am perfectly content to love him with every ounce in my being.

As I lay there beside him I think about the time ticking away and are my kids going to be wondering where I am at. My oldest daughter was kind enough to stay home on a Saturday night to give me an opportunity to go out on this eh hum date. He is cat napping with his hand on his torso looking so peaceful, I just want to stay curled up in his arms but I know that I can't stay all night. I gently lift my body from his and slide off the edge of the bed careful not to disturb him.

I gather the remnants of my clothing from around his flat and head for the bathroom trying desperately to be quiet. Shit! I forgot that I don't have a ride here. It's not like I want to call someone to come pick me up and run the risk of yet even more gossip. He won't need his car tonight right? Although he might get a little pissy that I took it without his permission. I finish dressing in a hurry and keep from putting my shoes on till I was out the door to risk making noise. I slide his car keys carefully off the bar and lock his front door behind me.

As I make it to the car I look back at his door and wish that I really didn't have to leave. The flat is still dark and I am certain he is still slumbering peacefully which is what I would like to do right now. I back his car out of the drive way and I head to my home which is a short distance away. I pull alongside the house on the south and lock the car before heading to the door of my home. I get to the door and I carefully open it to find that it is locked and I hear my GSD going crazy. Fuck! Everyone is going to know that I am home.
