 My day had taken a most unexpected turn. I suppose it made sense, I had shaken things up. My back had been killing me. My intent had been a couple of stretching classes. The Yoga studio by the house had a class that was mostly meditation along with some basic stretching. I had gone to it twice but it wasn't offered on Thursdays. I had decided to take things up a notch and was in a more typical class. Two rows in front of me, a rather cute brunette, long, lean, like me approaching fifty but not there yet, kept looking at me before class. 

I didn't stare, I couldn't, I was doing everything I could not to fall down. I noticed her looking though. There were two men in the class. We were in the back. After class, exhausted, my arms and legs aching from stretching and flexing in unfamiliar ways, she padded barefoot to where I laid staring at the ceiling. She smiled down at me and I stared at her thighs.

"You don't recognize me?"

"You seem familiar..."

"Laura. Jack's mom."

"Oh crap! Wow! How are you?" I rolled about on the floor and eventually got myself standing up. The classroom was empty. We stood talking. It was an odd conversation and I couldn't help but think there was key information I didn't have that I should have. I stuck to questions about Jack, her husband the cop, and her. She was vague but pleasant. I couldn't help but feel like there was some secret out there. I tried to come up with a way to ask but really I was just ready to leave. I still had some work to do. I stayed engaged but began to move our conversation towards the door.

"We should go out some time." I said. I said it to everyone. It was a pleasantry. "Anna would love to see you, I'm sure. Maybe we could bring the boys. You know how they are though, they couldn't care less about seeing someone from the old days."

"You don't know!" she said, I could almost see the little cartoon light bulb above her head. 

"Know what?"

"Hey, y'all. I'm gonna step next door, grab my lunch. When ya leave, can ya just make sure ya pull the door closed behind ya?" called out the perky little blonde that worked the desk. I had a little crush on her. We were alone in the small studio.

Laura stood in front of me in a bit of a pose. He had her hands on her hips, one of which was thrust out to the side a little. Women somehow think we know what these poses mean. She had a look on her face that suggested to me she either wanted to gut me like a fish or have a piece of chocolate cake. She peered in both of the studios and then padded a few steps and called into the ladies locker room asking if anyone was there. There was no response. She continued her investigation I thought. I was curious of course but clueless. "I don't think there's anyone here." I called down the hall to her. 

She didn't say anything back but just looked over her shoulder. Her mile was as broad as the Cheshire cat's. She dropped her matt, purse, and sandals as she passed the little wooden bench and kicked them beneath it. She turned to me and pulled her loose fitting pink tank top that blamed Mimosas for whatever it was she had done. At the curtain that hung at the entrance to the men's "locker room" she used her thumbs to pry loose the tight strappy sports bra that she wore. She tugged it awkwardly up her arms. She had smallish breasts but there was enough to them to bounce about on her chest as she lowered her arms. A bright red band stretched around her where the bra had cut off the circulation from her pale flesh. 

Struck a pose not all that dissimilar from her last with one hip thrust out to her side. The difference being that she twirled the little black strappy bra in a circle in her fingers and bare chested I found it hard to read her smile with my focus on her lovely small breasts.

"Are you coming, coach?" she called to me.

I think I shrugged. Whatever I had been worried about getting done a few minutes ago was not important enough to come to mind.

The ratio of women to men at the studio was roughly 25 to 1. The women's locker room had a double door configuration like you would expect. Beyond that all I knew was that ten or more women could fit into it comfortably because I had seen them exit. The men's locker room had the minimum requirements. There was a head and a crapper. There was a single stack of unused lockers, a bench, and a plant. There was also a tiled cubicle. There were two showerheads on opposite walls but it was no more than four foot square and if the intent was that more than one man would shower at a time it was going to a rather intimate moment.

I heard the water kick-on as I rounded the corner and Laura stood at the opening to the small shower stall in only a pair of shorts so small and close fitting it appeared the spandex had been sprayed on. 

"Laura?" I asked timidly. This was not something I had experienced before and I was intimidated by the new and unusual.

"Shush it." She said back. She did the two thumb thing again, this time in the waistband of the exercise shorts. They struggled to come off in the same way her top did and left a similar red stripe around her hips and belly. She did a wiggle thing with her tiny ass to pull them loose. I was confronted by a very pretty woman, nude, stepping into a typhoon of falling steaming water. I pulled off my t-shirt, discarded my shorts and went to her.

I think it is because my friends are mostly older and my co-workers mostly much - much younger but I typically think of myself as older than I really am. It is true that over the last year I had put on some weight was not in as good of shape as I would like but at 45 I had a full head of hair, a tan, a decent net worth, and could, when pressed, flirt with the best of them. Still, I was a little incredulous that this was happening. I pulled the curtain behind me and admired Laura. I liked the way she was wet, I liked the way her hair was plastered to her head in a way that made it seem unnaturally small and the way her breast fit in my palm. 

Still, I didn't really know what was happening and what I was supposed to do. Before you condemn me, oh, you can condemn me, I certainly didn't condone my actions I think it is important to note this was a first for me. Now my wife, if one were to ask her, would not believe that but you, my dear reader, there is no benefit to lying to you. I had never cheated on my wife before. My body shook as I stood there with her and it was not because of my earlier physical exertions or because I was cold half in and half out of the water.

I moved closer to her. Water fell on my shoulders from opposite directions. She moved backwards, just a half step and I pursued until my fat belly came in contact with the bare flesh of her breasts. It was at this moment that my mind, the only chance I had to extricate myself from the situation, abandoned me, shutting itself down like the mad black woman from the Internet. "Ain't no one got no time for this." On autopilot, the only consciousness guiding me the one in my now swollen and aching cock I kissed her. Her lips were soft and welcoming. Her hands moved over my back. She told me to hand her something. Behind me was one of those tiny bottles you see in hotels. As we kissed she emptied the syrupy goo onto my chest. We moved our bodies against each other and a thick lather build up on our slick skin.

Ten years ago a young blonde working in my office and finishing her degree at night fell in love with me, or the idea of me, its hard to say with young blondes. She did her best to seduce me and although our affair was enough for me to break down one night and ask my wife for a divorce, it consisted solely of four half drunken make-out sessions outside of various bars near my office. There was a red head. She was older. She was up front about it. She was lonely, horny, and afraid that at her age she didn't have many chances left. I kissed her once, on the top of the head, her last day working for the company. When we were just married, my best friend's girlfriend came at me and last year a tall, very attractive, but very tattooed executive assistant suggested I go back to her room rather than my own at a trade show. I never slept with any of them. Standing in the shower, my hands and lips and cock pressed against someone I could describe both as an old friend and as a stranger I found myself asking myself if I could really go through with it now.

Though my mind had left the party my conscience hadn't. Between kisses I struggled to speak. She had to grip my penis to shock me into speech. "I can't," I said in almost a whisper. "Believe me, I want you. You are spectacular." I kissed her again, not on the lips but on the cheek. Everything was wet and wonderful. I didn't just kiss her but open-mouthed struggled with my desire to devour her. I was unabashed in the way I lapped warm water from her neck. "God, I want you, but I can't sleep with you."

"Damn." She said back softly. "You have no idea how wet I am for you." She purred.

"Oh, you are just wet." I teased her. I crooked my entire body into an awkward half hunched stance that allowed my mouth to find her breast. Her nipples were not large but swollen were shockingly long. I recalled my first time. Her nipples were like that. As I remembered it they were very sensitive. I wrapped my arm around her lower back lifting her from the tiles. I should have been concerned about falling but I wasn't. She was light in my arms. I suckled at her tit. She wrapped her legs around me. My dick begged me to let him. He was so fucking close. If I lowered her just a little he would be inside of her. He pleaded with me to let him find out. What did she feel like? Was she warm? Tight? Please!

"Harder." She said so softly I just barely heard her. I gripped her long nipple between my teeth and tongue. She gasped a little. I pulled my head away from her and the sound she made, something between a squeak and a moan was nearly enough to inspire an orgasm of my own. We wrestled like that a moment pressed against the cold ceramic wall. She writhed in my arms. Her ass and pussy teased the tip of my cock as my mouth tortured her tits.

"Stop. Tyler. Stop." She said suddenly.

"Did I hurt you?"

"You are killing me." she cooed. There is nothing so wonderful as a woman attempting seduction. "Are you sure?"

"I'm not sure at all. I just..."

She kissed me to shut me up then reminded me I was still holding her off the ground by asking me to set her down. With her feet back on the floor she went about a few moments of practical staging. She adjusted the shower heads and turned the water up even hotter than it had been before. Not that men are stupid but I found myself wondering how huge their water heater had to be. She disappeared a second and returned with a hand towel. I guess it was a sweat towel. Whatever, it was a smallish white towel like they have in gyms. She moved me beneath the shower head she had adjusted to hit the crown of my head. On the floor of the shower at me feet she arranged the towel and took a position on her knees.

She looked up at me and with her hands on my hips ran her tongue along the shaft of my cock.

"Is this okay?"

"No."

"It's happening."

"Oh god."

She was slow about it, diligent. Looking back on it I can recall each and every movement and technique. At the time, however, I felt disassociated; it was as if I was watching someone else, someone less scrupulous. I don't cheat on my wife. I don't have sex in showers. Hell, I don't even get blowjobs. She switched from stroking my cock with her hand as she licked the tip to taking me fully into her mouth. She moved her head slowly. She did something with her tongue. She would on occasion gasp for breath. I'd seen it in videos on the web but I had never seen it done, she took me into the very back of her throat and then as if she was going to swallow my cock gagged as she pressed her lips all the way down until I disappeared inside of her.

"It's fat." She gasped once.

"I'm sorry."

"Don't be."

It was hard to stand.

She massaged my testicles. Sorry, she massaged my balls. I am new to this. 

She pinched the base of my dick when I threatened to come.

She teased me with the tip of her tongue and then sucked me in answering the tease with gratification.

I moaned a warning. Old guys are conditioned to do such things. If I was going to be a cheating asshole I was going to be a considerate one.

"Mmm Hmmm." She hummed. She picked up her pace.

"Oh god." I muttered collapsing against the wall. The shower head, mounted high on the wall, no longer hit the top of my head but instead rained hot water down on her face. She pinched her eyes closed but didn't stop. Her dedication to the tast at hand was inspiring.

"Mmm Hmmm!" she hummed excitedly. I moaned. My knees buckled, my legs quivered. 

With a final moan that was more of a growl I released for her. It was mind bending, earth shattering, ball breaking, it was... and this I had forgotten as it had been a long damn time... it was fucking incredible.

"Mmmm." She hummed at me insistently. She sprung to her feet in a single fluid motion. Yoga has its benefits.

"You are incredible." I said looking down at her. 

"Mmmmmggh..." she growled. Her hand gripped the back of my neck and she pulled me down towards her until my lips were on hers. She held me as she tongue raped my mouth forcing on me a hot salty kiss. I'm still tormented as to whether it was the gross or sexy. 

"Sorry. I should have warned you that was part of the deal." She said. I shrugged in response and pulled her to me. I moved the both of us until we were again posed between the two shower heads. 

"I guess that evens things a bit." She said I know that's what she said because I asked.

"huh?"

"I just thought that evened things up a bit. God, I feel kind of stupid. I suppose he said you knew because I told him I was going to tell you. It was pretty clever of him really. It worked didn't it."

"So, this is dumb but you were a little vague earlier. It seems like something we should have talked about before... well.. before we took a shower together... but you were kind of vague earlier. I get the impression that you and Josh aren't together anymore and that, um... that I should know all about it."

An awkward moment was made more awkward by how long we stood there looking at each other and the fact that we were doing it naked. I had to break the tension by being stupid.

"They seriously have the best hot water heater known to mankind."

"Fuck." She said.

"What?" I tried to kiss her again.

"Fuck." She left.

I have no idea how she retreated so quickly and I didn't have the slightest clue where she went. I shut off the water, dried off, and put back on sweaty clothes. They were cold and clammy. I needed to get outside. It was at least 100 today, I would be warm and dry quickly.

In the lobby of the yoga studio I held a painful conversation with the hostess/greeter lady as I watched Laura back her sport utility vehicle out of a spot. I darted after her and my feet burned on the hot concrete but she didn't stop. In fact, her tires chirped as she gunned her vehicle.

I watched her drive away wondering if this was the end of it, if she had come and gone that quickly. I couldn't tell you if i was excited or afraid of the alternative but sensed this might be just the beginning.