 "Stupid idea." Keri stomped over to her camera and sighed disgustedly.

She had the bright idea to take some sexy pictures for her boyfriend Rex for his birthday, but doing it herself was nearly impossible. Ever critical of herself, she hated something in every photo. That one, her nightie wasn't adjusted right. The next one, her face looked more awkward than sexy. Then next, she had a double chin... the list went on and on.

The real problem was that she was a tad self conscious, and she wasn't feeling sexy. Keri decided that it would be best to wait and take the pictures some other day when she wasn't in such a foul mood. 

She grabbed her silk robe and pulled it over her nightie, tying the belt in a sloppy bow. Heading for the kitchen, Keri tried to sort out exactly what had her in such a foul mood lately. Work? Sort of. Home? Kind of. Rex was a little ridiculous. Maybe that was the problem. She didn't have warm fuzzy feelings for him, so she was having trouble doing this picture thing.

The conclusion satisfied Keri's wonderings, and she grabbed a can of soda from the fridge. She plopped herself on the couch and turned the radio up a few notches, letting the slow soothing beat loosen her up. It wasn't but a few minutes until she was singing along with her eyes closed, swaying in her seat.

The electronic buzz of her cell phone startled her, and Keri grabbed it off the coffee table, fully expecting Rex. It wasn't. It was Dave, her best guy friend.

"Whatcha want?" Keri took a sip of her pop.

"You don't sound entirely pleased to be talking to me." Dave's deep voice rumbled in her ear.

"No, it's not you. I'm just irritated."

"Tell me about it."

Keri briefed him on her frustrations with the 'photo shoot', and he made an offer.

"Want me to come take them for you?"

"Ha! Right. Like you wanna watch me rolling around in lingerie." Keri laughed, but Dave was oddly quiet.

"I mean it. I owe you." Dave tried to sound light, but there was some underlying tone that Keri didn't quite understand.

"Well, come over then. But you don't understand what you're getting yourself into." 

"Be there in ten." 

The call was disconnected, and Keri scrunched her eyebrows together. Weird. 

She and Dave had dated briefly almost eleven years before. But it was a high school puppy love kind of thing that had never went anywhere. However, they maintained a friendship, and he was very valuable to her. He was there the minute she needed him, for anything. It never occurred to her to wonder why.

Dave pulled up in front of Keri's apartment ten minutes after he had hung up. He'd been there so often he had it down to a science. He needed to calm himself down though; he was here to do her a favor, not cum in his pants. He had never really gotten over her, and he kept waiting for her to see him again. Really see him. Like a love interest, not just a friend. Dave was beginning to give up hope. It had been so long, and she seemed happy with what they had.

He had long ago decided he'd rather have her as a friend than not at all, so there began the problem. He watched her with the different guys she saw, and none of them were right for her. None of them were good enough for her. Like the current guy. Tex. Or was it Rex? Whichever. He was a drunk and just because he brought home a paycheck didn't mean he was worth a shit.

Dave shook off the heavy thoughts and put on his best friend face. 

Keri had seen Dave pull up so she got up and unlocked the door.

"So you're trying for a sexy photo shoot huh?" Dave laughed at her as he stepped into the house.

"Yep, and if you're going to make fun of me, you can go back home." Keri stuck her tongue out at him.

"Blah blah. What have I told you about that tongue?"

"I know, I know. Don't get it out unless I'm gonna use it. Got it."

The good natured teasing continued for several minutes, and finally Keri got them down to business.

"Look. Just take some pictures, and make sure I don't look fat, awkward, or in pain. No double chin either, please." She flashed a grin.

Dave picked up her camera and turned it on.

"All right. Just lay back against the arm of the couch. Play hard to get."

Keri did as she was told, and one upped him by showing off her profile instead of her face. With her nose that tilted up at the tip, and her silk robe, she looked haughty. Dave snapped a couple, and moved to different locations in the room to get different angles. He finally stopped right next to her and whistled.

Keri glanced up at him, the ghost of a smile tilting up the left corner of her mouth. He snapped, and knew right then he wished he had a copy of that picture.

"Okay. Just start taking off your robe or something. I'll just snap random pictures, and we'll go through and delete them afterwards. Be sexy. Be natural. You are sexy." Dave could've bitten off his tongue. He couldn't believe he said that out loud.

Keri didn't seem to notice as her hands drifted to the belt. She pulled an end slowly, glancing up at him from under her lashes. The camera snapped a mile a minute already, and she was just getting started. She was about eighty-five percent uncomfortable. He'd seen her naked before, years ago. Then there was the fact she was even taking the pictures, and she again cursed her stupid idea. Though she had to admit, it was nicer with Dave there.

She shrugged the robe off one shoulder, then the other. Keri stood and let the fabric cascade down her arms, and she bent over deliberately to retrieve it. Her nightie was sheer, tying between her breasts and flowing down either side of her torso. A black thong completed the ensemble, and she almost sighed as he slid between her cheeks when she bent over.

Something Keri hadn't planned on was happening. She was getting turned on, and with that she began losing her inhibitions. She leaned on the arm of the couch, her breasts spilling out over her arms. Her nipples practically popped out of the top of the bodice. The black negligee perfectly accented her left-over tan from the summer. She still had a light dusting of freckles, and Dave had the sudden urge to play connect the freckles with his tongue. 

He moved behind her taking pictures, then to the side, then to the front. He got the vibe that she wasn't going to be taking off anymore clothes, so he started encouraging her to make sexy faces or to strike sexy poses.

"Lemme see that face. Show me a pout. No, more bottom lip. Mmm, that's nice. Very kissable."

"Dave, you should be in the biz." Keri laughed and he snapped a picture of her amusement.

Keri dropped her hands to cup her breasts from underneath, lifting them up and offering them to Dave. He nearly dropped the camera. He was more watching her in real life than he was watching her through the camera. It dawned on him that he might not have been taking pictures of her all along. Dave smothered a laugh.

"Okay, get on your hands and knees." Dave's voice was husky and quiet.

Keri did as he suggested, feeling the cool air of the room caressing the heat between her legs. Dave moved around her, and she couldn't help but wiggle her hips a little. It had finally occurred to her that he was lusting after her. She could've slapped herself for being so dense. Of course he was attracted to her! You didn't hang off of someone's every word if you didn't like them.

The look on Dave's face confirmed her theory. She glanced at him over her shoulder and lifted her eyebrows, her lips parted. It was way more than an invitation.

Click. Click. More pictures. Keri rolled her eyes, tiring of the game. She realized she didn't care if Rex got a damn thing for his birthday. She suddenly wanted this man; the one she could have had long ago. The one that was devoted to her for all these years.

"Okay, you're starting to look bored. Let's get some sexy face shots. Lay on the couch on your stomach." To his credit, Dave seemed completely professional when he spoke. However, the hardness that was visible through his pants belied his words.

Keri did as she was told, yet again, and kept her eyes on him as he circled her.

"Sexy. Be sexy."

"I am!" Keri laughed.

"Sexier than that.. Like.. Pretend my fingers and trailing up your thigh. Can you feel them?"

"Mmhmm." Keri's eyes drifted shut for a split second, and when they opened her gaze was straight at him.

"Now my hand is cupping your ass, squeezing it's fullness... then I slide a finger under your thong, pulling on it gently." Dave swallowed hard. His attempt to get her to have a sexy face was backfiring.

Straight, white teeth peeked out as Keri caught her bottom lip between them, her eyes again drifting up to Dave. Click. Click.

"Get on your knees in front of me." Dave took a few steps back from the couch, and Keri was on the floor instantly.

She was lost. She was a goner. His voice... the words... his face... Keri knew she was wet. She could feel it on the tops of her thighs. It was like his sentences drifted across her breasts, slipped across her stomach, and embedded themselves between her legs. Each word brought a thrum of pleasure straight to her clit. She was almost mesmerized.

Face to zipper with his cock, Keri had trouble focusing. He was only about a foot away, but it was a foot to far. As if he could read her mind, he took a step forward.

"Look up at me." Click. 

Keri did so. Lust was clearly shining from her eyes.

"Can you feel my lips on yours? Can you feel my hands on you? My fingers are wandering again.. Between your legs.. God you're wet, aren't you? I can smell it on you; practically taste it. You want me, don't you?"

Keri's breath came in short bursts, and she licked her lips. Dave snapped a few pictures, but couldn't take it another minute. He was taking pictures for her to give to her boyfriend, his mind spat the word, and she was on her knees in front of him, dripping for him. For him. Her breasts heaved as she drew in ragged breaths, and he watched through the camera as her nipples poked at the material of her negligee.

His cock lurched, aching to be inside of her, but he had promised to help her...

"Say it."

"What?"

"You know. Say it. Now."

"I want you." Keri's voice broke on the last word.

"Who?"

"You. Dave. I want you. Are you as hard for me, as I am wet for you?"

"You have a boyfriend, remember?" 

"I don't care. Dave. I want you."

"Look sexy." Dave snapped away. Though her face wasn't posed as beautifully as before, there was a look about her that laid her emotions bare. She was raw. Horny as hell, and waiting.

Keri tossed her head to the side. "I think this was a bad idea."

"You started it." 

"Then leave. Why are you so mad?" Keri stood up and planted her hands on her hips.

"Because. You have a boyfriend, and I want you. Because I do anything I can to help you out and I hope you'll notice me. I'm like a damn dog waiting for scraps. Not this time Keri." Dave stormed towards her.

Keri almost flinched, but she knew he wasn't going to harm her. Still it was an emotionally tense moment and she wasn't sure what he intended.

"What about this time?"

"I came to help you, again. I turned you on. It was my voice you were listening to; my hands you were imagining touching you."

"So?"

"So you're going to have to choose. Because this," Dave's hand plunged between her legs, his fingers dipping into her wetness, "is for me. Do you understand that?"

Keri's head lolled forward, and she grasped his forearms to steady herself.

"Yes."

"Yes what?"

"I choose you. It is because of you. I don't think I've ever been this wet before." Keri's words trailed off into a moan as Dave's fingers began flicking back and forth across her clit.

"You're going to have to be sure, because I'm not playing any games. It's all or nothing. I can't do this anymore, Keri. You're killing me." Dave's fingers continued to stroke her as he spoke.

"I'm sure. Dave, I'm sure." Keri's breath hitched in her throat.

He removed his hand and stepped back, unfastening his pants as he went. He pushed them down his legs and kicked off his shoes. His shirt soon followed, as did his boxers. He stood there naked in front of her, his cock hard and throbbing. Keri watched as he struggled to control himself, and she didn't want him to. She took a step towards him, grabbed his cock with her fist and hit her knees in front of him in the same breath.

Dave groaned as he felt her lips slide over the tip of his cock. He figured she would tease him for a bit, and he didn't think he could take much of that. His breath hissed in between his teeth as she slipped her mouth down, taking almost all of him in one stroke.

Keri moved her hand out of her way and cupped his sack, massaging his balls as her mouth slid up and down his length. The sheer size of him and his moans served to make her wetter, and she whimpered in her throat. She couldn't wait to feel him inside of her. Dave moved his hands to her head, his fingers catching in her curly hair. He caught a handful of her hair at the nape of her neck, and moved his other hand to caress her cheek and her neck. 

Keri closed her eyes as she worked, in disbelief that this was even happening. But it felt right. After several minutes, she swirled her tongue around his length and stopped with a kiss to the tip.

"Dave, I know you're enjoying yourself, but..." Keri looked up at him with a smirk.

"But it's time for better things." Dave gave a tight smile. He was about to lose it.

He pushed on her shoulders, guiding her to the couch. Keri 'walked' on her knees to the couch, resting her elbows on the seat cushions. He followed her and dropped to his knees, pushing her down so that her chest was laying on the seat. He grasped her hips and the tip of his cock bumped against her entrance. 

"Hurry." Keri's breathy request was all the encouragement he needed.

Dave's hips lunged forward, and he buried himself to the hilt. Keri bucked back against him and clamped her muscles around him. Dave's groan brought a smile to her face. He reached out with one hand and grabbed a handful of her hair, puling her head up as he started to thrust. Keri worked her hips back against him, moaning as the edge of the couch dug into her lower stomach. Something was happening there; it made the sensations more intense. 

Keri didn't have time to analyze it as Dave pumped inside of her at a quickening pace. Her thong had been pulled to the side, and she longed to get her hand down between her legs to rub her clit.. Ah. Dave's hand snuck around and his fingers found the prize. Keri gasped and he pulled back on her hair a little harder. She did as much as she could, pushing her hips back against him, begging him to fuck her harder. Dave complied.

Dave's fingers rubbed her clit viciously, and a strangled yelp was wrung from her throat as she came. Her pussy clenched around him, and Dave suddenly released her hair and pulled out. He grunted as he stroked his cock and she felt his cum hit her ass and the small of her back. Dave rocked back on his heels and took a deep breath. Keri rolled her head from side to side, stretching her neck muscles. 

He stood and ran to the bathroom to get a towel. Keri stayed as she was, her breathing slowly returning to normal. She could not believe she just did that. Dave was back in moments and cleaned her off, not exactly sure what to say.

"Well. That was the highlight of my day." Keri opted to be light and funny.

"Are you kidding me? That was the highlight of my decade." Dave chuckled.

"Glad to be of service. So... what now?"

"You know, I'm not really sure." Dave hooked his thumbs in the pockets of his jeans.

"Well, I know I'm getting rid of loser face today. Then... well, I guess I better move in with you." Keri sauntered towards him and placed her hands on his shoulders.

"Ya think so?" Dave's hands automatically reached for her hips.

"I do. But, for now," Keri glanced at the clock, "We still have time for round two."

"So soon?" 

"Mmhhm. I suggest you follow me to the bedroom." Keri began untying her nightie as she walked.

Dave's eyes were fastened on her ass. Keri slid the straps off her shoulders and the negligee landed with a whisper on the floor. She pushed the thong over her hips as she moved, stepping out of it as she went. Once at the bedroom door, she rested one hand on the door frame and turned to look at him. Dave was still rooted in the spot, practically drooling.

"Are you going to join me, or would you rather stay out here all day?"

"Join." Dave snapped to life, striding purposefully towards her.

"That's what I thought. Take me away, mister photographer!" Keri let out a laugh that turned into a squeal as Dave scooped her up in his arms and carried her to the bed.

"To think, this all began with a picture." He smirked as he lowered himself on top of her.