 Jennie was not short; she was tall for a girl and thin. Her breasts were full and rounded, however, and her ass was small and tight.

I always wanted to see Jennie's panties every day we were at work together. Every time she squatted down or bent over to pick up a box I tried to sneak a peak, but, so far, no such luck.

It was late on Friday and we were closing up together. We were leaving and I didn't notice how close she was standing to me as I was locking up and, absentmindedly, I reached for the lock and the palm of my hand landed square on Jennie's crotch.

"Oh jeez, I'm sorry," I said, embarrassed.

Jennie giggled, "Oh, don't be a prude," she said and touched herself through her pants.

I froze. Did that just happen? Oh man, are you kidding me? I thought to myself, and, trying to be as subtle as possible, I touched myself too.

"Matt," Jennie said, smiling, "you have no idea what you're doing, do you?" and she slowly unbuttoned the first few buttons of her shirt, right there in the parking lot, letting her cleavage hang out and reached out and gave my cock a squeeze.

"Oh, Jennie," I asked, "right here?"

She laughed, "No, silly, inside. God, I've been waiting so long for you to finally do something about me. I've been dropping hints everywhere."

I thought I was about to have a heart attack, realizing she HAD been dropping hints as we went inside to the dark store, and wondering how I had missed them. There was just enough light for me to see her unzip her tight black pants and pull them down past her thighs, exposing her sky blue thong panties. Well, there they were, and they were fucking skimpy and magnificent. There was absolutely no way that a car going by couldn't see us through the windows, I was sure, and I felt my body temperature rising and my heartbeat quicken.

As I removed my shirt she hooked her thumbs under the straps of her thong but I stopped her: "No. I want to take them off."

She nodded and lay back on the tile floor. I got down on my knees and slowly pulled her panties down, letting both me and her behold her glorious landing-strip and vagina.

"Matt," she whispered, "fuck me with your tongue."

I obliged willingly, stuffing my face into her pussy and licking and sucking like a madman, my dick rock hard in seconds. I ran my tongue up and down her vagina lips and pushed it in and out of her pussy. She gasped in pleasure, pulling me head closer into her pelvis as she stammered, "Oh god... Oh god... Oh Jesus Matt... Oh god suck me suck me suck me suck me don't stop oh my god Matt, don't stop!" And then it was herself who stopped it, pushing me away with her hands and saying, breathless, "Now it's YOUR turn."

I unzipped and pulled down my pants grinning like an idiot, my dick popping out like a jack-in-the-box. Jennie immediately grabbed and squeezed it, and, inch by inch, slid it into her mouth.

By the look in her eyes I could tell she was having fun as she bobbed up and down, the warm wetness of her mouth enveloping my swollen member. Jennie would come up for air occasionally, and use the opportunity to use her tongue to lick up and down my shaft and give me balls a quick once-over.

"Oh god Jennie," I wheezed, "I want to come in your mouth."

Jennie looked up at me and her eyes said "Nope."

I asked, with Jennie's lips still wrapped around my cock, "what, did I say something wrong?"

Jennie disengaged from me and, after a breath, said "Oh, by no means... it's just that when you come, I want it to be in my pussy, today at least."

I laughed and guided her down to the floor, her pink swollen vagina standing out like a beacon between her spread legs. With a moan I entered her.

My thrusts were primarily by instinct as I whispered, almost more to myself than her, "Oh god Jennie, I want to come inside of you," and she would whisper back "Matt I want your come; oh god Matt, come inside of me..."

She was lying flat on her back as I hovered over the top of her, my penis completely covered by her meat; "Jennie, I'm..."

We both screamed at the same time as I ejaculated into her pussy, exploding into Jennie in a spectacular sloppy creampie, my come dripping down her lips and onto the tile. I collapsed over the top her, feeling her firm breasts against my chest and her breath on my neck.

"Oh god, why did we wait so long to do this?" Jennie giggled with a hand over her tits in a ridiculous attempt at modesty as she sat up, her long brown hair cascading down her back, "Next time, I'll give you that come in my mouth. Sound good?"

With those words, not waiting for a response and my semen dripping down her leg, she got dressed and walked out of the store with a wink.

"I think I might have to take you up on that offer, I said, waving goodbye as I sat on the floor, already hard in anticipation of next Friday.