 The rain made the grass slippery as she dashed from the truck to her front door. The evening was dark, with flashes of lightning glaring and rumbles of thunder echoing across the fields. All the lights in the house but one were off, as she slipped in the door, shedding her soaked clothing on the front porch. Reaching her arms up, Summer peeled off her shirt, water cascading down her bare back in rivulets from her bedraggled hair as she threw the shirt to the floor. 

The soggy jeans followed suit, and she sighed in relief as she stepped out of them, leaving them in a heap at the entrance to her house. Gazing out the screen door at the storm raging across the country side, Summer sighed heavily, hating the season. She wasn’t worried about anyone seeing her standing there in her bra and panties, the nearest neighbor lived about a mile away and would be tucked safe and sound in his house with his family.

After watching the storm for a few minutes, she turned and went inside, her body still dripping with rain. She closed the door gently and locked it, then proceeded to unhook her bra, sliding it off her shoulders and letting it fall to the floor. Reaching high into the air, she spread her fingers, stretching her arms and watched her nipples harden as the night air coming from the open window brushed over them. 

The lightening flickered again, casting the kitchen in a creepy white glow as she slowly let her arms down, brushing her fingers along the sides of her size C breasts, sending shivers down her spine. She turned and looked out the window, absorbed in her thoughts, not hearing him come up behind her.

He was quiet, easing through the house in the shadows, pausing when the lightning turned the walls a blaring shade of white for a split second. The floor creaked as he crossed from the dining room to the kitchen and he sucked his breath in, both at the noise and the sight of her almost nude body silhouetted against the kitchen window with the wild stormy night outside. 

She didn’t hear either, the gasp or the creak because thunder crashed overhead. She jumped, her body trembling and he snuck up close behind her, inhaling her delicate rain drenched scent. His eyes scanned her hair falling over her shoulders, her neck, her shoulder blades, down further to her waist, rounded hips and the glimpse of a dark colored thong nestled between her buttocks. Her hands were braced against the edge of the counter as she gazed out the window, lost in her thoughts. 

Smiling secretly, he pressed up against her back, one hand encircling her waist, splaying his fingers across her stomach, the other hand reaching up to rub her neck , his long fingers caressing her windpipe. His naked slender body pressed against hers, fitting the curves of her ass against his throbbing hard cock, and her shoulders against his chest. Leaning close, he whispered something unintelligible against her neck, his tongue flicking out to lick her satiny skin. 

Her body stiffened, he could feel her tense against him. He knew his dick was very hot and hard, pressing between the cleft of her ass, and his fingers tightened on her throat, constricting gently, his hand on her stomach pulling her back more firmly against him.

Summer stiffened, feeling that hard dick pressed so intimately against her ass cheeks. The fingers on her throat pressed further into her skin, causing her to pant to catch her breath. The hand on her stomach drifted upwards, tenderly cupping a breast, the thumb and forefinger rolling her already hard nipple into a tight point of aching need. 

Groaning through her strained windpipe, Summer leaned her head back, arching her chest to give the strange person better access. The hand on her windpipe eased, and she smiled slightly, turning her head to the side as his hand drifted down to join the other one playing with her nipple, and his lips kissed up her neck slowly, meeting her mouth with warmth and passion and longing combined. 

She kissed him longingly, running her soft moist lips over his tongue as he suckled on hers, his dick beginning to thrust gently against her ass in rhythm with his fingers on her nipples. As their kiss ended, she opened her eyes and purred the word “Chris”

She saw him briefly in a flicker of lightning before he bent her over the counter, his hands sliding down and around her body to grasp her silken ass in his palms. He murmured a request for her to slide her panties down to her knees, which she quickly complied with. His engorged and heated cock nudged urgently against her crack, sliding lower in her slick wetness until the tip lodged against her slick cunt hole. “Yes…. “ She moaned softly, her hips bucking backwards, thrusting her ass against his palms. Grunting, Chris lifted her lower body, his fingertips leaving bruises on her tender, pale ass as he lifted her up on the counter, her stomach pressed into the cold formica. 

Summer gasped in surprise, and then groaned when with one hand he grabbed the shaft of his cock, bent his knees and thrust upwards, burying himself deep within her dripping cunt. The countertop grated against her rock hard nipples as he withdrew, whispering her name, and then slammed back into her roughly. Her ass jiggled, and his eyes fastened on the dark crack between them. With a steady rhythm his cock thrust into her soggy pussy, her moaning urging him forward, the noise of their skin slapping together echoing in the kitchen.

He brought her to the brink, always stopping right before she was about to climax, her pussy like a velvet tight glove clamped around his cock, milking it. Her pussy lips made lewd wet noises every time he withdrew. Using the fingers of one hand, he splayed her ass cheeks apart and stared at her puckered little hole. She groaned long and low as he rammed his cock back inside her cunt, pushing against her cervix. Reaching in front of her, he rubbed his finger around her lips, coating it in her saliva, urging her to suck it. Once the thumb was fully soaked with her spit, he brought it back and began rubbing slow circles against her anus. 

Summer’s body was trembling with the need to cum. His cock filled her up, almost painful when he rammed it deep inside, and now his finger was rubbing such tantalizing circles against her anus. Unable to take it anymore, she squirmed her hand down between herself and the counter, down past her stomach and found her engorged clit sticking out from under its hood. With a mighty sigh, as his thumb pushed its way into her tight virgin asshole, she began to frig herself. Within seconds, she came, her pussy squeezing his cock, her whole body writhing on the counter. Her thrashing drove his thumb deep in her ass, and he knew it was time.

Roughly pulling out of her sodden cunt, he leaned over and spit onto her ass cheeks, watching the liquid slide down between her crack to cover her anus. Her cum was dripping off the tip of his cock and off his balls, down her legs to plop on the carpeted floor as she screamed. Rubbing the fat head of his cock against her ass, he began to hunch his hips, pushing against her tight sphincter. 

“Come on baby, let me in!” He grunted. Summer was so caught up in the throes of her orgasm she didn’t notice what he was doing until the head of his cock popped through the tight ring of muscles in her anus. Then came the pain. Chris laughed when she asked what the hell she was doing, and pushed. 

Her ass was so warm and soft, like burying his dick in honey, warmed by the sun. God it was tight. He flexed his hips, forcing his shaft up inside her, he was half way in now. She was wiggling under him, and with one hand he steadied her hips, with the other he smacked her ass, smiling as it jiggled. Growling, she tried to unseat him and only drove his cock in further. 

“Yes baby, fuck back onto me, you’ll love how it feels in a minute” He grunted, his hand coming down on her ass cheek again. Finally, his balls were mashed against her soggy pussy, his pubic hair grinding against her clit. He was buried in her ass. Slowly he pulled out, until the oozing tip of his cock was almost out of her anus and then shoved himself back in. Summer screamed in a mixture of pleasure and pain.

Chris slid his dick back in her ass three more times and smacked her pussy with his palm, then began to shoot long strings of cum deep in her bowels. The hand on her pussy began to rub her clit and within seconds she was cumming again, her narrow chute pulling the cum out from deep in his balls. Chris groaned her name, his hips pumping as his cock filled her ass. He knew as soon as he pulled out, his milky white cum would start dripping out, she was so full of him. Leaning down against her back, he smiled, his cheek sweaty on her skin, and told her how good she was to fuck, and how much he loved her.

Summer thrashed, throwing the sheets across the bed as she sat up, her pussy wet and her sheet soaked with fluid. What had happened…. Groggily she looked around, the lightning from the oncoming storm flickered against the wall. She was alone, in her bed. Sighing deeply, she lay back down, her hand reaching down to caress her swollen pussy lips. He wasn’t here. He never had been. He never would be. Silently, she began to cry as the rain began to pound on the windows outside.