 Laura loved her little truck. His name was Otto on account of him being German and kind of cute. It was a big enough for her dog but small enough to cut corners and slice around curves. Otto wasn't necessarily powerful but he got up and going quickly. If it weren't for the traffic light less than thirty seconds into her escape she would have been on the freeway approaching 90 headed for work and never would have ended up thinking, and inspired to take the unexpected turn that led her through the neighborhood and back to the studio. 

She couldn't go back to work though, not looking like this. With time on her hands waiting for the green she made the mistake of dropping the visor and opening the mirror. Her hair was a tangled mess as it started to dry, her face had been washed clean of makeup. She didn't necessarily see how anyone could tell what she had been doing a few minutes ago but she was sure people could always tell. What kind of woman blows a married man in a public shower on her lunch break? Jesus. 

She wondered what he thought of her. Nothing good she supposed. She had her reasons but with the realization he knew none of them he could only believe her to be a tramp, a harlot, the type of woman that fucks married men. She didn't fuck him but she was going to. He was the one that stopped it from happening. She wasn't surprised. Not looking like this. Jesus.

How did he not know? 

A horn behind her brought her back to the moment. She flipped up the visor. "Fuck a duck." She muttered and gunned the little red truck through a right turn. She wound briefly through a neighborhood coming out on the other side of the studio. She skipped the complete stop and all four wheels squeaked at her as the electronics kept the little truck on the line she had pointed it. She bounced up the drive into the lot. She waited impatiently for an old woman leaving the grocery store to pass in front of her. She could see him at his car. He was tall, his hair was equally messy but for a man that had to be more a matter of pride than an inconvenience. She spun the wheel to the left, the little motor didn't growl, it kind of whirled but she made enough noise to draw his attention. He walked over to her passenger door when she stopped beside her.

"You okay?" he asked her. It was just like him to show concern. She imagined what the first words would have been out of Josh's mouth if she had done something like this to him.

"Not really. You want a drink?"

"Maybe. Mostly I'm starving."

"I should be. I always am after Kathy's class. Kind of full though." She said without thinking. It made him smile. "Oh my god, if you say a word I am running over your feet.

"Where? You want me to follow you."

"Get in." she offered as an alternative. He opened the door and when he folded himself in the passenger seat little Otto suddenly didn't seem too roomy. She felt his eyes on her. One of two things was going through his mind. He either was deciding he as crazy being in a car with a lunatic like her or he was staring at her tits. She should have pulled her bra back on. 

Overly self-conscience she gunned the little truck again and out of the corner of her eye she watched him grab onto the oh-shit handle. He seemed as uncomfortable with her driving as her son was. He needed to get over it.

You decide where you want to go?" he asked harmlessly enough. She felt badly about her reaction.

"I shouldn't go anywhere, Jesus, look at me." she began. She resisted to look at herself again. "I should be headed back to work. Speaking of that, I need to call them, remind me, 'K? So I am not headed back to work, I ran into you. I honest to god don't know what I was thinking. Wait, don't take that wrong. You are cute. Real cute. Too cute. Shut up, Laura. It wasn't about that though. I don't know what it was, I think probably just that you were still married. I bet if I wasn't all worked out and fuzzy headed from Kathy's class I would have just gone about my merry way but Oh no, not me. I had to get all worked up. It was good though right? You liked it. Don't answer that. Yeah, so, we can't go back to my house either. I mean, it would make sense. I could put on a bra. Yeah, I want clean clothes but I really am not the type of gal that can go without a bra. You know what I mean?" as if to make her point she half turned in her seat demonstrating her nipples tendency to reveal themselves. "But we really need to talk. That's what I came back for. I came back because, well, we need to talk and you need to know, maybe because then you wont think I'm crazy but mostly just so that you know because you should. How do you not know?" she looked at him briefly but then put her eyes on the road. He hadn't been looking at her, he was focused on the cars blowing past on the left and right sides of the car as she drove like a bullet through the barrel of a gun. 

"Maybe after we talk, I don't know, I can run home, get some clothes, we could go get dinner. Oh, but you want to eat now. So yeah, lets table dinner. What the hell am I talking about. It's not like we are going to get dinner. I have never done this before. No, I mean, well, I've done that before, and I've gone for drinks before. I just haven't done it with you, or someone like you. A red light caused her to slap on the brakes. He was looking over at her when she checked on him.

"Say something. Right now. Before my brain explodes."

"Charlie's is dark, they have cheesesteaks."

"Are you going to fill me with Italian beef?" she asked. She thought it was funny.

"If you don't blow it." He answered.

She smiled at him, made a left turn against the light and swung into a parking spot in a mostly empty parking lot.

She went to the ladies room while he got a table. She pulled her hair back fastening it in a rubber band, the best she could do with what she had. She ran a quick line of lip-gloss across her top lip and kissy faced it into place. She looked more normal. Another rummaging of her purse came back with eyeliner and she added a quick highlight to each eye. She wasn't pretty but she was presentable. 

"Go away." She said to her nipples. She took a deep breath and left the ladies room to find him. he had gotten the big booth in the corner. Typically it held families with gaggles of children but with the bar empty it allowed them to hide. He had sat on one side she took the other.

She liked that he had try to work his way out of the booth to stand up when she got to the table. She liked his eyes. She liked that he put his phone down and pushed it away from him. She liked that he had blue eyes, she liked that he did yoga. Worst of it all, she liked that he had said no. He hadn't completely rejected her of course, he wasn't all gentleman but he came close. She liked him.

She didn't like that she liked him. She didn't like that she was about to tell him. When the plump blonde girl approached them they ordered beers. Laura went one step further. She asked for a shot. She didn't know what kind. She didn't drink shots. Tyler ordered them Jack Daniels.

"I didn't think about the fact Amber would be here today."

"Amber?"

"The server. She knows me. She knows Nicole."

"I'm sorry. I should have thought about that. Should we go?"

"Too late now. Besides. I don't mind gossip."

"It can't be trusted."

"What did you want to tell me? I don't want to know, do I?"

"Here come the drinks." She said, stalling for time.

"I haven't done a shot in forever."

The girl sat the drinks down. There was a lot of nodding. She asked if there was anything else they needed. They both said no.

"Do you want the long version or like, just the main points."

"I feel stupid because sitting here with very limited new information I feel like I know already. I sat here the whole time you were in the bathroom wondering if I always knew but honestly, I really didn't." He paused and they toasted. He swallowed his shot and chased it with a long swallow of beer. She drank hers, let it burn, and then when she was finally confident she wasn't going to throw up took the slightest smallest sip.

"If I knew what I was going to put in my stomach today..." she said aloud, thinking maybe it would break the tension.

"Short and simple to start with. I don't think it will ruin the suspense of the long version."

"I'm not much of a story teller anyway." She said. This time she took a much longer drink. She was buying herself time. The few brief moments they sat looking at each other seemed to drag on for days.

"Your husband and my wife had an affair." He said finally. It caused a tear to slip out of the corner of her eye. 

"I wasn't going to put it quite as nicely."

"Seems like I should have known."

"I think we all assumed you did. Seems funny now no one said anything."

She felt sadness for him. She could recall vividly how she felt. It was worse for her of course. She told him the story of it. "it was a playoff game and we were assigned to bring the Gatorade. Remember how they always needed snacks. Tommy played four years of varsity football. They did it for every game then too. It amused me. They aren't boys anymore, they are these big nasty sweaty men. They have to have their Gatorade though. So yeah, Josh was going to meet us at the game but it was like the bottom of the fourth inning and he wasn't there and he wasn't answering his phone. Remember. Grownups didn't send text messages yet, they just made phone calls. He wasn't answering so I just figured he was busy working. You get used it to it being married to a cop. I didn't think twice about running home." He was smiling at her. It made it harder to get through it. 

"I got to the house and you know, his patrol car was there. So was her little gray car. I knew the car or course. It had the weird logo on it. We all thought it looked like a penis. Remember? I didn't open the garage. It was kind of like you earlier. You know how you knew even though you didn't know. I went in the front door rather than the garage. Is it bad that I was more worried they were doing it on my bed spread than that they were doing it."

She took a break to drink. 

"Fucking. That was his defense. It wasn't a good one. She was still there. I think she was in shock, she didn't spring up or anything she just looked at me with her ass in the air. He told me, with his penis dangling there in mid air that I shouldn't be upset. They weren't together or anything... they were just fucking."

"I always thought she would be better with someone like that."

"Like what?" She didn't feel like defending her asshole ex-husband, she was just kind of curious. Lots of people had told her they could see it coming after it happened but no one was really front and center with any kind of warning before hand. "Like an earthquake." She said out of no where drawing a funny look from him.

"Somewhat that just fucks. She even has told me that, if you can believe it."

"You aren't like that?"

"I'm kind of more about all the other stuff. I don't know. I get the appeal and sure, I want to 'do it' as much as anyone but compared to the other stuff, it is just kind of the climax without a story. It's like watching an action movie with a crappy premise but a great chase scene. I kind of like the movie to be worth the investment."

"Messing around in the shower is better than a quickie?"

"Messing around in the shower was damn near perfect."

"You guys need another round?" Neither of them had really noticed the girl sneak up.

Ty ordered more beers, asked if she wanted another shot and she deferred to him saying she would if he would. He ordered shots and cheese steak sandwiches. Amber knew to hold the peppers.

"I don't like the shower. It's great in theory but always kind of tricky once you try to pull it off."

"It was a big shower." He told the server. She blushed.

They drank and ate and exchanged stories. He told her about how his wife had been pulled over for having expired tags. The call had gone out on the radio apparently because Josh had showed up. She had bragged about how he had taken care of it. 

She told him about a police convention in Las Vegas. He remembered her going home to visit her parents. He had taken her to the airport. He remembered wondering about her connection in Las Vegas and her telling him it was cheaper that way. He said he felt foolish on it looking back.

She told him about the deposition. It had only come up because he fought her for Tommy. She couldn't believe he had done it. She wasn't saying he couldn't see his son, she just wanted him to live with her full time. She didn't think back and forth for two week shifts would work for any of them. The Lawyers took it from there. They had called her wife in. She had started by saying it was a one time thing but they had the phones and the social media and even had racy photos they had taken in a hotel room. 

A third round was ordered. They were sitting closer together having edged slowly towards the center of the round booth as they talked. Occasionally he touched her and she felt it as though he was made of electricity, warm chocolate chip electricity. When his hand moved to her thigh she reached down for it, not to move it but to hold it there. She liked it. It was either that or she was drunk. Afternoon had become happy hour. A friend of hers, one she had dated a couple of times had settled into the bar and on occasion looked at her.

"I wish this was different." She said.

"I should probably get going. This is dumb... but its all dumb... I don't want her looking for me."

"What are you going to do?" she asked. She didn't want to admit that in the few hours they had talked and whatnot that she had developed a vested interest in what he did next. She wouldn't suggest anything. She had done enough damage already, but she would definitely be around if he needed anything. Anything.

"Don't make that kind of offer." He teased her.

"What kind of offer?"

"Anything covers a lot of.. things."

"Did I say that out loud?"

"Yes."

"I am drunk."

"I'll try not to take advantage of you."

She closed one eye to focus on him. He had gotten a little blurry. She fought for the right thing to say. She wanted to be funny and clever. She wanted to be flirty. When nothing came to mind she kissed him. He kissed her back.

His hand found her breast through her T-shirt. She moaned as her body reacted with a conditioned response. Despite the reported moisture wicking properties of the overly expensive shorts she felt the warmth in the delicate folds between her thighs.

"Stop that." She said in a whisper.

"Stop what?" he taunted her; teasing her nipple through the fabric, it was almost worse than if the shirt hadn't been there at all.

"Do I get to see you again?"

"I don't want to leave yet, what do you think?"

"Um, guys. I brought the check. Want me to see if Raul is in the back yet?"

"Raul?"

"He has the CDL."

"What's a CDL?" she asked.

"I will see if she is here." The girl joked as she walked away with his credit card.

They were a drunken sloppy mess. She believed, well, hoped more than believed that they had paid their check and gotten themselves out of the bar without an issue. Raul drove them to her house. Not once on the drive was there ever any real debate over it as they had slipped their way into the back row for absolutely no reason, they were the only ones on the bus, and had made out like teenagers for the majority of the short drive.

Although it was not her only deep dark secret it was the best of them. She had already, out of desperation, out of anticipation, probably for no other reason than to seem something other than the mousy spinster most people took her to be, suggested to him how sensitive her breasts were and he was merciless in taking advantage of it. "I am going to get even with you." She promised as he pinched and pulled at her ridiculous long nipples. He was getting her close to coming and he hadn't even approached her shorts.

She found a twenty in her purse and handed it to Raul. He grinned ear to ear, either because of the twenty bucks or because he knew people were about sex. She thinks she might have asked him which but she didn't remember the answer.

Her key wouldn't work, or possibly her hand wasn't working right, either way, the front door was an impenetrable obstruction and she pulled Tyler by his hand through her back gate. The sliding door was latched but the French door to her bedroom was open. 

She stopped him at the portal to her inner sanctum. These were the stupid thoughts that entered her head. She needed to read something other than dirty stories at night. He put on a pouty face when she put her small hand on his broad chest. She imagined the magic at work. He had to be invited. He was such a gentleman.

"I need you to know something before this happens?"

"What's that?"

"This is just fucking."

"It is?" he asked. He pouted but smiled. She liked that he played along. She had forgotten that sex could be fun.

"Yup! You are not allowed to fall in love with me. I know. I know you have started already. These tits have that affect on your kind, they are sooo huge, but you need to stop right now, mister. This is just about your dick, my pussy, and the two of them getting their thing on."

"Just fucking then?"

"Just fucking."

"Then you, my love... are fucked." He smiled at her. He moved on her like a bear. She giggled, collapsed backward and let him come.

Her shirt came off first. He clawed at it clumsily and she helped. "Oh my, god." She moaned as he took her nipple into his mouth again. Just remembering how he had pinched it with his teeth, she gripped his head and pulled him to her.

She was in the air a moment, hefted in his arms, and then was released. She fell as if from the sky and bounced when she hit the bed. She spread her arms; in each hand she gripped the bedspread. It pulled free from the mattress. His hands were on her tits, then her belly. He kissed her belly. She moaned.

"You aren't going to make love to me?"

"Fuck you. I'm not going to fuck you."

"What are you going to... " her sentence was cut short by his breath forced through spandex pants just exactly where she would have liked. "Oh baby." She cooed. 

Her pants made popping sounds as strong hands pulled at them. Damn, she thought briefly but then he was tossing her legs left and right and then his hands were on her ass. She hoped he didn't look at her ass. Her ass was all courtesy of the pants. She was too old to have a good ass... "Oh god!" she said attain. He didn't dawdle. He knew what he was doing.

She came quickly. She squealed, she normally would have bit her wrist. She hated the sounds she made. She didn't have the time though. He wouldn't stop.

He pulled his hair, she held him right where she wanted him. he lifted her from the bed, both of his hands on her ass. She lifted her hips for him. She opened for him.

More

Again

It built, tightened, and released.

She pushed him away.

He didn't go away. His tongue left her little clitty alone, he probed her ass, he licked her lips, he bit her thigh. She caught her breath.

And he was back.

"Not again." She moaned. She pressed his forehead with the palm of her hand. It was useless. His hands released her ass and found her nipples and as she fought to close her legs he simply over powered her. He pinched hard. She didn't care anymore. Her long legs went straight, spreading wide... yoga! Her fingers went to his. It wasn't his fault. Women talk. Most of them agreed. Stop pinching my tits. Laura felt differently and mashed her own fingers down over his with all her might.

It was like lightning and she didn't just squeal she screamed and kept screaming until he stopped. He didn't stop for a good long time.
