 How It Started

I've never had shame. By that, I hated to wear clothing in the summer, or when the house was too warm. It started when I hit puberty and did not stop!

Another thing that made people scratch their heads was the fact I was a bookworm. Books and magazines were my escape. Escape from being a middle child. Escape from being told I had "so much potential." Escape from my parents arguing. I loved to read, and it was one habit everyone in the family would feed.

It was the summer of 1982. I had turned 18 a week before, college was two weeks away. My first love had just told me she didn't want to keep our relationship together as we went off to different colleges, and for some reason, it didn't bother me. I knew it was coming, probably the fact that she didn't want to come to my party was a clue she wanted a relationship change.

And like most summers, I had no clothing on as I sat in the apartment I shared with my mother. She was off at work, I had arrived home from my summer job and was showered. I saw no reason to put on clothing. I grabbed the paperback I had started the night before, put a towel down on the living room floor in front of a fan, and opened the book.

We had an air conditioner, but when I read, I liked the fan on. The white noise helped me concentrate on the story. I had read a chapter when I realized I hadn't brought something to drink. With the book upside on the floor, I stood to get something in the kitchen when the doorbell rang.

I ran to my bedroom and put on a pair of clothe shorts to answer the door, no shirt since it was summer. Descending the stairs, I saw a familiar face smiling. Karen, my sister's best friend.

"Hello, Roger," she spoke right off, before I had the door fully open. "I need some phone numbers, need to get a hold of your sister." 

"Please, come on in." I stepped aside and let her pass. Following her up, I asked, "What numbers do you need?"

"Your mom's work number for one," she began. I didn't understand why she needed it, but then again, I was distracted by her ass, large ass in her summer dress. It swayed left to right with each step, a hypnotic action that caused me to miss other numbers she needed.

Once inside the apartment, I asked her to repeat the numbers. I found them in my mother's phonebook. She copied them down and thanked me.

"You could have called," I told her.

She blushed. "I wanted to see you." 

I smiled. "How come?"

"Your sister told me that Ann had broken up with you, wanted to see how you were doing."

I could have lied, told her that I was heartbroken and couldn't live without her. I knew, sensed it more like it, that the first love of my life wanted to end our relationship as we went off to college. "I'm doing fine."

"That's good," she answered. She looked around the living room while I went to get something to drink. I called out, asked if she wanted anything. She declined. I grabbed a can of Dr. Pepper and quickly joined her.

"You like reading, don't you?" she asked. She had the paperback in her hand, looking at it. 

I nodded. "It helps me forget things, and it helps me to escape reality."

"I can understand that." She put the book back down and looked at the towel. She pointed and asked, "What's with the this?"

I noticed a devilish smirk on her face and a twinkle in her eyes. She knew why, I gathered. "You know why. I like being naked."

She giggled. "Wendy said you used to do that when you guys were in the house, but I always thought that she was lying."

I shook my head. "I love the feel of heat on my skin," I began. "And when I can, I'll be naked outside, too, when I read."

Her eyes opened wide. "You do? My mother and I love to do that as well."

If I had a mouth full of soda, it would have sprayed all over. As it was, I almost choked. I had to ask. "You do? Really?'

She nodded. "Your sister didn't tell you?"

I shook my head. "No."

"I'm surprised, since she was with us last summer at the sunshine club."

Now I had my attention piqued. "Really? She was naked with you and your mom? Anyone else?"

"The others at the club, but no other family members or our friends, if that's what you wanted to know." Karen looked at my shorts and frowned. "You don't need those on anymore. I promise, I don't bite."

I smiled and shrugged my shoulders. I had always had a crush on her, would try to catch peeks at her when she and my sister would have sleepovers. "So, want to see if my tan is all over, huh?"

She slowly nodded. "Yes," she hissed.

I didn't need a second invitation. I put my thumbs under the waistband and pushed down. I stood straight and stepped out. I put my arms out wide and smiled. "Like what you see?" I joked.

She stifled a giggle and nodded. "Yes, I do." 

There was a long silence between us. My heart was racing, mostly because I was scared, I'd show her how much I liked being naked with her around. I was glad I wasn't hard. She looked at my penis for a good two minutes before looking into my eyes.

"Oh my God," she whispered. "You're dark down there."

It was a sense of pride that my genitals were dark. Ever woman that had seen them were shocked, most asked for the reason as to why. I was glad to answer, that my father's Mohawk ancestry was the reason. Karen's gaze returned and a hand reached out.

She stopped before touching, her hand slightly trembling. I looked down the front of her dress, her cleavage open to me. Her heavy breathing caused her breasts to heave. I had to close my eyes before I would have hardened. 

Karen brushed her hand against me, against my lower stomach. I opened my eyes. She was breathing heavier. "I can't," she said, more to herself.

And, she was right. What would happen if we proceeded? How would our relationship change? Could she look my sister in her eyes? 

"I know." I sat and took a sip of my drink. "Next time you and your mom go to the camp, invite me," I joked.

She answered quickly. "God, yes. I'll tell mom that you'd like to come with us." She leaned down and kissed my cheek. "Thank you for the numbers." She walked out of the apartment.

I shrugged my shoulders, believed that she'd not tell her mother. I returned to reading. 

On to The Camp

Ms. Catherine Miller called me later that day, asked if I truly wanted to accompany her and Karen to the Helderberg Sunshine Club sometime this summer. I tried to downplay my excitement, but it didn't work. 

"Calm down, Roger," she laughed. "How does tomorrow sound to you?"

"Sounds good to me." And with that, I was going to a nudist camp with my sister's best friend and her mother.

On the way up, Karen explained about the camp. Founded in 1976 by sisters Ellen Van Schuyler and Amy Wilkins when they purchased the failed Jefferson Family Campgrounds, the original purpose of the campgrounds was to promote the clean-living nudist lifestyle. Several families purchased memberships, including the Millers, and people began camping Memorial Day of that year. What started out as a clothing optional and lifestyle facility turned into a place for sexual predators.

Mid-July, Karen said, the sisters closed the camp and began to issue refunds. Like most of the families, hers did not accept it, rather her mother told the women that they should have a few rules. Two weeks later, the Sunshine camp reopened, no longer would they accept single men as members, or would they be allowed to enter for the day without being accompanied by a member family. The year ended without any more incidents.

In 1980, the sisters, two big beautiful women, wanted to get more females like them into the camp, to have those who did not feel themselves as being possible members. They began to offer discounts and free day passes. They went so far as to have days male free, Karen said. It worked, as the female membership increased, three times as before. 

"This is when your sister first joined us," she added. I blushed, thought of my open-minded sister showing off. 

"She took to it like a duck to water," Ms. Miller added. 

I looked away and blushed, as the thought of the three naked together flashed into my mind. I quickly shook it off when I saw signage for the camp. 

"We're here," Karen gleefully announced. She turned around from the front seat and told me, "You better be on your best behavior or we might lose our membership."

I nodded quickly, "Yes. I know. I will behave."

The drive in was a good half-mile down a conifer and ash lined road. I couldn't see through the trees, but I was told that, on the right, were several tents and trailers. 

"We'll have a cabin," Ms. Miller said. 

"We like showers," Karen added. Both women laughed.

The car slowed as it came up to three more stopped at a gate. Two big women in matching polos were guards, checking in members I gathered. A gate was opened, and the car went forward.

Ms. Miller turned quickly and told me, "Best behavior young man."

The next car was quickly checked in and we pulled forward. A woman, I guess in her late 40s, leaned in and smiled. "Catherine!"

"Ellen! How are you? I didn't expect to see you on guard duty!" The two women kissed each other on the cheek.

"It's my turn as security," she joked. She flipped the pages on her clipboard and wrote something. She looked at me and asked, "This your son?"

Ms. Miller shook her head, "Roger here is the brother of Karen's best friend."

"Oh, the girl you two bring up now and then?"

Ms. Miller nodded. "That is her."

She looked at me again, and Ellen chuckled. "He doesn't look like her."

I wanted to thank her, but I decided to keep quiet. "He looks like his father's family," Karen said quickly. "Mohawk, they're part Mohawk."

"Really?" Ellen asked. She leaned in and smirked, "Does that tan go all over?"

"Yes, it does," Karen blurted.

Her mother's head snapped quickly, the gaze of confusion on her face. "How would you know?"

"Because she caught me coming out of the bathroom yesterday," I said, fast with the excuse.

"I didn't knock when I went over," Karen added, red cheeks clinching the lie.

Both older women laughed. "You'll see more of him today," Ellen said. She told us to enjoy ourselves and nodded for the gate to open.

"You're going to have to tell me the truth," Ms. Miller told us both as we made our way to the cabin.

We slowly made our way to the cabin, through a paved road off which were campsites. Tents and pop-up trailers were in the sites, with people, mostly females, sitting and having breakfast or playing games. We had to slow even more when we came up to a bunch of younger women with beach towels and blankets. Karen told me they were on the way to the lake beach.

I loved to sit on lake beach sand and read. It was one of the more enjoyable things I did when we camped across Thompson's Lake at the state-run campgrounds. That was when I could escape.

"Here we are," Karen said as her mother pulled into the last cabin of five that looked onto the lake. 

She turned off the car and before getting out, she told me a few things. "I know you're 18 and a man, but it is bad form to have an erection when you're around women."

"Yes, Ma'am." 

"And secondly, when you use the grill, it's best if you wear a pair of shorts and an apron." She laughed before adding, "I speak from personal experience." She inhaled deeply but smiled as she exhaled. "Welcome to the Helderberg Sunshine Camp and please, enjoy yourself." 

Karen and I opened our doors. I went to the trunk, to remove the food we had, plus the few textile items - towels, blankets, a few t-shirts and a pair of shorts Karen told me to pack. I removed most of them, Ms. Miller grabbed my backpack from the car and noticed the weight.

"How much did you bring for three days?"

"It's just a couple of books and some writing materials."

"And probably a 12-pack of Dr. Pepper," Karen joked.

"Not 12," I corrected her.

"Six still weighs a lot," her mother added as she walked to the front door. She unlocked it and walked inside. 

"Welcome home for the next few days," Karen told me.

We quickly squared away the food, the drinks, and what little clothing we brought. Once I was back in the living area - where I knew I would be sleeping and leaving my reading and writing materials - there was a long silence in the cabin. I didn't know what to do, unsure if I should strip there or go into the bathroom. Ms. Miller made the decision for me, coming out of her bedroom naked.

"Oh, go ahead," she said. She smiled and looked me over. "I want to see it, see if you are truly dark down there." 

I closed my eyes and tried not to look at her much. She was a big woman, the kind of woman that aroused me. Whenever her and I were near each other, I had many naughty thoughts about her, what she looked like nude being one of them. And now, she was standing close to me, naked and proud of it. I sighed and opened my eyes, checked her out as I removed my clothing.

"You do have a lovely tan," she complimented me when I removed my t-shirt. "I think it might get darker in the next few days."

I nodded as my shorts slipped down my legs. "I have a feeling it will be darker in a few hours," I added as I pushed down my underwear. Thankfully, I didn't spring up, just gave her a sight of things that will can better. Ms. Miller came closer and smiled.

"My daughter is correct. Your penis and testicles are darker." 

"Thank you."

"What's going on?" Karen asked as she bounded out of her bedroom. I thought my glasses were going to steam over when I saw her. Her creaminess, her large belly that covered her shaven pussy was more than I had ever dreamed of. And to top it, her dark pink nipples were very hard. 

I didn't know if I could behave, could not have an erection on the beach if more women looked like these two. 

"Roger," Ms. Miller began. She came closer and dropped to her knees. I looked away and bit my lip. "You like reading anthologies?" She stood, holding one of the books I brought.

I felt relieved and nodded. "I love the short story form. So much action packed into a small space."

"Sort of like mom," Karen joked. She pulled out a can of soda for me, grabbed a water for herself. 

"Yes, exactly like Ms. Miller."

"Now that you've seen me naked, call me Catherine," she insisted. 

"Yes, exactly like Catherine." She replaced the book and touched my chest. She slinked past me and stopped midway between the door and me. She did a slow turn.

"Get an eyeful, Roger, get it now, before we go outside." 

I looked at her body and inwardly lusted at her large ass, breasts, and belly. Like her daughter, Catherine's stomach hung over her pussy, a lustful body image I adored. Her legs were fat and dimpled. Her breasts, not as big as her daughters, sagged greatly. Her nipples were darker, larger than her daughter's, and they begged to be touched. 

I stifled the urge: This was neither the time nor the place to act upon such sexual impulses. I thanked her for bringing me, for showing me herself, and for allowing me to see her daughter naked as well.

"Oh, Karen's always wanted to show herself to you," Catherine tattled. 

"Mom," the daughter angrily retorted. "You shouldn't have said that."

"It was bound to come out sooner or later." Catherine walked to a beach bag she has set on a chair and told us that she was going to the lake. "If you want to join me, better hurry up."

I wasted no time, put the anthology in my backpack, along with a towel. I went to the refrigerator and grabbed two bottles of water. On my way out, I grabbed the open can and hurried to join Catherine. Karen followed me out.

It was a five-minute walk to the beach. Along the way, I saw many more women than men, and the body-types of these women were as varied as could be. Fit and trim women walked together, holding water bottles and wearing headbands. Mothers walked with their children, blankets, towels, and totes carried by all. College-aged women who sat on their towels and watched as the athletes played - or tried to at least - volleyball on a soft sand court. I stopped for a moment to watch, thinking I might want to join later.

I just shook my head and caught up with Catherine: those played were taking it much too seriously. I liked summer volleyball but not when it's played at a pseudo-professional level. 

"I don't think I'll be playing today," I told her. 

"After dinner you'll be able," she told me. "The professionals and 'good bodies' tend to stick to their sites and cabins around 6."

I smiled and clutched the backpack strap tighter. We approached the beach; the dirt path was being covered with sand. Karen slipped back some and warned me.

"You're going to be seeing women with larger breasts than me and my mom. Are you sure you can handle that?"

I huffed, a stifled laughed, and looked into her eyes. "If I've not gotten a hard-on by now, what makes you'll think I'll get one on the beach?"

"True," she acquiesced. She peeked and smiled. "It's not totally flaccid, looks better this way."

I thanked her as we stepped onto the soft beach. 

"This way," Catherine told us. We followed and stopped when she found us a spot. We spread out blankets and fell on them. I pulled out my book and began reading the anthology.

A felt a tap on my shoulder. "Excuse me," an unfamiliar voice began. I looked up and saw a woman, a body like Catherine's but somewhat taller, standing over me. I smiled.

"Yes?"

"I can't help but notice that you're reading a Science Fiction anthology. I'm an English professor at SUNY, and I've been trying to find some other books and anthologies to have my students read, not always the same year in and year out." She squatted and continued, "I'd really like to know what you think of it."

"I just started," I honestly answered. I tried not to stare at her, tried to stay looking into her eyes. They were a beautiful crystal blue. 

"Oh." She sounded disappointed. 

I reached into my back and removed a spiral notebook and pen. "If I can have your address and phone number, I could give my opinion once I finish it."

"Would you?" 

I nodded, she took the notebook and pen, quickly wrote her name, phone number, and address. 

"I should have it done in a week," I told her.

"Don't rush on my account."

"He always reads," Karen added in. "I've never seen him without a book. And he doesn't work much, just for a great-uncle."

I looked at what she had written quickly. "It's true, Professor. I read whenever possible, even as I wait to play basketball."

She smiled broadly. "I bet you make your professors happy, having all the required reading finished before classes."

"I don't start college until later this month."

She blushed. "My offer of wanting to know how the book is still stands." She stood and walked away. I watched as she joined a small group of older women, I assumed more professors. They waved at me. I turned away quickly.

"You've found a friend," Catherine said.

"And maybe more friends," Karen added. She looked and noticed I still hadn't become erect. "Good job, Roger."

"You're be a nudist in no time," Catherine told me. She stood and walked to the water. Karen joined her. I stayed behind to read and do a little looking around.

This was the first day of me being on a nudist beach and I wanted to make sure to see as many women as possible. I looked towards the professor - Cindy Wells - and her group. She and two others noticed me looking. They smiled and waved. I waved back.

This was going to be very enjoyable.

Back at The Cabin

"Are you going to call the professor?" Karen asked me once we were inside the cabin. "She seemed to be flustered when you told her you were just heading to college this year."

I smiled and nodded. "But she did regain her composure."

Catherine chirped in, "And she did keep looking at you."
