 Watching him from across the room, Sara couldn't know for sure what it was that attracted her to him. He was not the most physically alluring man in the room, or the most graceful, or even the best dressed. All she knew was that he possessed something that triggered her basest desires. As she tore at the paper label on her lukewarm bottle of water, her eyes remained focused on his back. He had been at the jukebox for what seemed like an eternity but so far she had liked everything he had played. At this moment she wished she could be like the other women she saw throughout the room.

They were all so forward and extroverted, drawing men toward them with their come-hither glares and pouty lips. Everything they did had been practiced and polished to the height of perfection: the way they sauntered across the room, the way they let their fingertips linger on the tops of their thighs so as to draw the eye downward, the way they took long slow sips through the straws in their drinks while looking seductively at the man of their choice. She spent so much time alone that when it came to interactions with people, she was more than a bit awkward. But recently she had felt the torment of loneliness and she could feel her body craving touch. As she stared at his open hands, she could almost feel them burning on her skin. The thought of it was enough to make her take action. 

After studying the movements of a particularly stunning brunette woman at the end of the bar, Sara began to make her way toward the jukebox. She had no idea what she would say to him or how to handle the imminent rejection from the captivating stranger but it was rare that she felt this way and she was willing to take the risk. As she stumbled across the room, she could hear the rubber souls of her shoes squeaking on the hardwood floors. She tried to lighten her steps as to avoid drawing any unnecessary attention to herself. After all, there was no need to make her rejection into a public production. Nearing the stranger her heart began to race. She just hoped she didn't make a fool of herself. As she cleared her throat, he pivoted to look at her. Trying to seem as unimpressed with his chiseled jaw line as possible, she quickly let her eyes dart to the wall behind him. She could feel her hands becoming clammy and as her eyes met his, her feet faltered and she lost her footing. Falling into him sending him crashing into an adjacent table, she lost all hope of being aloof. This was not exactly the kind of physical contact she had in mind.

Hours after they had pulled themselves off the floor and she had pulled her ego off the sole of her shoe, she tempted him with the idea of coffee at her place. The bar was closing and they both knew there was only one reason to adjourn to her apartment across town for coffee when there was an all night diner just across the street. But he appreciated her attempt to seem surprised when he accepted. Sara knew what she wanted and she wanted to see his thighs without jeans cloaking them. It had been so long since she had been with a man that she was incapable of looking at him one second longer without touching him. On the drive over to her place, she decided to try to cool off a little by putting the top down on her car. At least he was following her so she didn't have to worry about mauling him in his truck. 

When they reached the two-story apartment complex, he watched her as she unlocked the door and began to fumble inside the dark foyer for the light-switch. He calmly placed his hand on top of hers and halted her frantic search. As she led him into the apartment, he pushed the door closed and without a word, they clumsily made their way through the dark hallway to her bedroom. She saw the glowing light on the stereo and pushed it in as she walked by. She wanted enough light to see him and the glowing face of the stereo provided adequate illumination. Falling over the footboard, onto the bed, she could feel his throbbing cock pressing against his pants. The idea of taking it slow had seemed enticing in theory, but now that she was lying on top of him and her mouth was covering his, the idea no longer seemed acceptable. Her lust had overcome her frail moral code and then nothing mattered but having him inside her. 

With her knees on either side of his hips, she sat upright wrapping her arms around her waist and clutching onto the hem of her cotton sundress. She felt his fingers pressing into her outer thighs and his pelvis pushing against hers as she pulled her dress off over her head. She could feel his eyes burning their way down her body from the curve of her neck to the flexed muscles in her calves. As his fingertips began to probe Sara's body, she pulled at his shirt, eventually maneuvering it over his head. Tossing it onto the floor, she worked her way down his chest and abdomen until she reached the waistband of his pants. Unbuttoning and unzipping them, she knelt beside him on the bed. After pulling off his pants and boxers, she was pleasantly surprised to find that he was just as eager as she was. As she caught sight of his engorged cock, she knew she couldn't wait any longer to touch him. 

Wrapping her hand around it, she could feel the blood pulsating through the shaft. She parted his legs and knelt between them. She could see the anticipation on his face as she began to run her tongue down his torso. With her hand still lightly stroking his cock, she licked the inside of his thigh as he squirmed under her. Tracing the head of his cock with her tongue, his moans became louder and more arduous. Pressing the tip of her tongue into the v-shaped crevice, she found his elevated pulse. By this indication, it was easy to tell that trying to make him hold out any longer was entirely out of the question. Engulfing his cock with her mouth and right hand while massaging his balls with her left, she could feel his body becoming rigid. Sucking the entirety of it into her mouth while flicking her tongue rapidly over the protruding vein on the underside of the shaft, Sara stared up at his face and found his eyes staring back at her. As they began to close and his body began to spasm, he let out a concentrated growl and filled her mouth with his cum. 

After having spent his share of time with his face between her thighs, she could feel him becoming hard again. He began to tease her by rubbing the head of his cock over her pussy lips. She could hardly stand the stimulation any longer. She needed to feel his throbbing cock inside her. She pulled his face down to meet hers, gave him a deep, penetrating kiss and then pushed him back onto his knees. She could feel his hands on her hips as she rolled over onto her stomach and pulled herself onto her knees. Bracing herself by wrapping her hands around the iron bars in the headboard, she felt his cock plunge into her dripping pussy in one movement. Hovering over her, he watched his swollen cock thrusting in and out of her. They were becoming sticky with the fluids gushing out of her pussy and cascading down their thighs. She could tell he loved watching her from this angle. 

As he wrapped Sara's tousled hair around his left hand, she began to writhe under him. Trying to pull him deeper inside her with the strength of her muscles, she slammed into his pelvis generating loud moans from both of them. His right hand, which was gently squeezing her hip, began to descend. He slid it under her lower abdomen until she could feel the slight tickle of her thin strip of pubic hair rubbing against the underside of his forearm. With her hair still encircling his fist, he tugged on it, forcing her back to arch and her legs to spread even wider. She was undulating beneath him and after several probing thrusts into her she began to move her hips in a circular motion causing the base of his cock to rub rhythmically over her clit. Using the weight of her body to pull himself into her taut pussy, she could tell he was trying to think of anything other than how hot and wet she felt as she surrounded his cock. But as she began to move her hips faster, she knew it was only a matter of seconds before he lost control of the situation. As her breathless, vehement moans began to relax into tranquil sighs, she could feel her hot rippling muscles contracting around him. 

Continuing to ram his cock into her, Sara could feel his body becoming inflexible. Clutching the headboard with both hands, and using it for leverage, he thrust his cock into her one more time. With all of their frustration from daily life out of mind, he filled her with his cum while his body contorted and his voice filled the air with animalistic groans. As he collapsed beside her, she could hear the muffled voice of some jazz singer wafting out of the stereo. Lying on her stomach beside him with her face half-buried in a pillow and engulfed by her sweat-drenched tresses, Sara glanced over at him appreciatively. By the glowing lights from the stereo she could see his thighs glistening with a mixture of their sweat and secretions. As her eyes glided slowly over his drained, exhausted flesh, she could imagine no sight quite so exquisite.