 It was a Friday night that my girlfriend and I had planned for a while now. The idea was just to go out with a few of our friends and get blitzed out of our minds. I had recently moved from the suburbs to the city and while the hour long drive wasn't too long for Eliza's two friends, my two had decided to bail at the last minute. I was a little disappointed, but Eliza assured me I could forget that and have fun anyway. We had been going out for about six months and although I knew we'd probably split due to the new distance between us, I was okay with having a bit of fun until things naturally dissolved. At eight o'clock, her two friends arrived, Amy and Jessica. Jessica was tall, with large breasts and fair skin. Amy , who's breasts were also big was more attractive. She was short, with a nice body but not as nice as Jessica's. I had known the two for a while now and flirted playfully with them both, nothing scandalous, but fun.

Eliza took twenty bucks out of my wallet, told me she'd split the booze costs and went to the liquor store with Jessica. Amy said she wanted to stay behind and change. I pointed to the spare room and went into the bathroom. I was just zipping up my pants when the door opened.

"Whoa." I said, buckling my belt. "Ever heard of knocking?" 

"Sorry." Amy replied, clearly not. She passed me and I turned for the door. "You don't wash your hands?" She asked, walking to the sink and staring at herself in the mirror.

"Uh..." I responded before she brushed her hair over her ear with one hand and held out the other.

"Here. Come here." She said taking my hand. She pulled me behind her, so that my front was lined up with her rear and then pulled both my hands around her and put them under the faucet.

She played with the water temp until it was warm and helped me wash my hands. While she was soaping them up, she leaned back enough so that her ass bumped into my crotch. Within a few moments, my cock started to grow. She no doubt felt it and began slowly rubbing her ass back and forth on my crotch.

Even though her eyes never left the attention she was giving my hands, the smile on her face betrayed her innocent task in front of her. I was getting warm, not just from the steam rising from the sink, but Amy's hot ass rubbing against my now rock hard member.

Suddenly, she turned off the faucet. My crotch was still fitted snugly against her butt and our hands were still holding, both dripping with water.

"Mmm." She said. "You don't have a hand towel in here. Tell you what, I'm about to change anyway, why don't you just use my shirt." With that she took my hands and placed them both on her covered breasts. I moaned softly and just held them. She wasn't wearing a bra, and I could feel her nipples harden beneath the fabric.

"Amy... we should be doing this." I said. Her smile came back and she pressed onto my hands, forcing me to squeeze her beautiful mounds.

"I know. I'm bad. How bad do you want to be?" I groaned this time and squeezed them both hard, playing with them while she started grinding herself against me. In a few seconds, she didn't have to hold my hands to her chest anymore and put one hand on the sink and the other behind her, holding my butt, pulling me closer as she ground hard against me. We were both breathing heavily, dry fucking against the sink as I mauled her tits.

"I think my hands are dry now." I whispered into her ear as I pulled her shirt up and began playing with her naked upper body.

She was gasping now, and I was moaning into her ear, licking the lobe and kissing it as I pounded harder against her jeans. Her tits were fantastic and I kept one hand on them as the other snaked down her stomach and disappeared into her pants.

"Fuck!" She gasped as I went underneath her panties and found her clit. Her ass, now back enough to allow me access to her pussy was still grinding against my prick. We found a good rhythm for a few minutes and lost ourselves in the grunts and groans of this random encounter. It was too much for me and I felt my cum rising fast. 

"Ahhhhhh...." I gasped as my cum shot into my pants. I held onto her breasts and buried my fingers in her pussy as my orgasm overtook. When it subsided, we were still clinging to each other, exhausted. Her hair was all in her face but I could still see her smile.

"It looks like we both have to change now." I pulled my hands from her box and trailed my fingers across her stomach. I could see her juices shining underneath her belly button in the mirror. 

"Well, that was fun." I said. She nodded and pushed me towards the door. "Get changed, I gotta shower now. Eliza will be back soon."

I watched her run her fingers over the smeared juices on her stomach and smiled myself. It really was a good thing my buddies didn't decide to show up and Eliza was right... this night was already amazing.

I didn't know if if would continue like that. I knew we were all going to get drunk and that Eliza and I would have sex tonight, so I was a happy man.

And it pretty much went off the way I had originally thought when the two arrived again. We started with beer and finished off a 12 pack and a half before walking to a local bar where we ordered shots, ate bad food and played darts, pool and karaoke.

By the time we stumbled back to my place, everyone was trashed. We sat on the sofa and turned on a movie. I was watching with Amy while Eliza and Jessica started dozing off. Within a half hour they were both out like a light and Amy and I were left alone again.

"So, I guess you're not getting in your girl's pants tonight, huh?" She teased.

"I guess not. It's okay though." I said. "Tonight was fun."

"Oh, come on." Amy said in disbelief. "Every guy who gets there girl wasted truly believes he's gonna have sex that night. I mean at least a blowjob, right? You're not disappointed at all?"

"Well, maybe a little." I followed that with a little laugh.

"What was that?"

"Nah, nothing." I said.

"C'mon. Tell me, why'd you laugh?" She stared at me and for a second I had a quick flashback to how hot she looked grinding herself against me in the bathroom earlier that night.

"Okay, but you can't say anything." I said, sitting up.

"I'll just add that to the other thing I can't say anything about." 

"Alright... well, in a few minutes I'm going to carry Eliza to bed," I started. "And I know that when she drinks two things happen. One, she doesn't remember most of the night before and two, she sucks anything I put in her mouth, even after she's asleep."

"What!?" Amy nearly yelled. I laughed again.

"Yeah, really."

"No way!"

"Way."

"You're full of shit. She just sucks you off while she's asleep?"

"Yeah," I said with a grin. "It's awesome." Amy got a quiet look on her face and then sat up on the couch as well.

"Show me." She said. I could tell she was dead serious.

"No way."

"C'mon. Show me."

"Why should I?" I asked. And I could tell she was thinking of a real reason. We were both drunk but this conversation was starting to sober both of us up.

"I'll tell you what," she said. "You show me right here, right now, and I'll give you a kick ass back massage." 

This was actually a very enticing trade-off for me. I thought about it for a second. If I pulled my dick out and put it in my passe- out-drunk girlfriend's mouth and she gave me a blowjob, I'd also get a nice long back massage.

"You know what?" I said, "you got it." Amy clapped and gave a girly shriek as I stood up and started to unbuckle my belt. I nodded towards Jessica who was asleep. "What about her?"

"She's like Eliza. They both won't wake up until the morning."

"Well," I said as I fished out my already hardening penis, "the difference is, Jessica's not going to wake up with the taste of cum in her mouth.

Amy laughed excitedly and positioned her self behind me and watched as I slowly pressed the tip of my cock against Eliza's lips. It took a second or two of prodding, but like I knew she would and as she'd done before, her mouth slowly opened and I slid my tool between her lips.

"Oh, my God." Amy said and I felt her hand wrap around my arm. "This is incredible."

"I know." I said as I started slowly pumping into my girlfriends wet mouth. Her tongue became active a minute or so later and my pumping became more intense. I took my hand and placed it on the back of Eliza's head and started face-fucking her. It was so insane. I could feel Amy's breath quickening against the back of my neck. Her hand grabbed my arm repeatedly and I could vaguely sense her other one was playing with her tits.

The sensation of getting sucked off by my unconscious girlfriend while being held and watched by her friend who I'd just played with in the bathroom earlier in the night was too much for me to handle and I started grunting as I unloaded three or four times into Eilza's mouth.

"Ahhhhhh..... ahhhhhhhhh..... ahhhhhhhh...." And I nearly fell back against Amy who held me against her body. We both watched as Eliza fell back when I let her go and slumped against the couch. A small bit of my cream dripped down the corner of her mouth.

I slid my penis back into my pants and buckled them. As I went to wipe the cum from the side of Eliza's mouth, Amy stopped me.

"Leave it. Let's go into your bedroom and I'll give you that massage. Naked."

She took my hand and led me inside and we both stripped our clothes. The room was dark, but I could tell she looked good from both what I'd seen in the light and the shape of what was in the dark.

"Lie face down, I'll be right back." She said and by the time I was situated she had returned with a bottle of lotion. Amy climbed on the bed and sat down, straddling me as she sat just at the end of my butt. I could feel her wetness as she put her full weight on me and then started rubbing the lotion into her hands.

We didn't say much or make much noise. I was really enjoying the attentive massage I was getting from this beautiful naked woman sitting on top of me. And the shear taboo of the situation was adding a stimulus to my already overworked penis. I could feel it beginning to stir.

Amy worked her fingers into the muscles of my shoulders, back and my sides. She spent time on my back and my legs as well as my neck. The attention was so sensual that in about ten minutes I was rock hard again. I still didn't know how far all of this was going to go, but between the booze, already cumming twice and the relaxation massage, I didn't care. This night was incredible.

"Why don't you turn over and I'll get your front now." Amy whispered, bending down so that I could feel her breasts graze my skin.

"...Okay." I replied. I flipped over and she sat on me again. This time, hovering slightly above me for a second before resting her full weight on me once more. This time, however, her pussy fit right on top of my penis which was resting against my stomach. Her lips parted and slid gently across my shaft as she began massaging my chest.

"Ahhhh, that feels nice, huh?" She said. Her smile had returned, that look in her eyes was there again and I was going crazy. My hands found her ass and helped her slide up and down my rigid shaft as she bent down again and softly kissed me on the lips. Her breasts were pressing into my chest and we began making out while she continued to tease my burning erection as I could feel the wet spreading from her pussy down my legs.

"Oh, God... Amy..." I moaned. She sat up and once more began working her oily fingers into my chest. By this time both are bodies were completely shined up with lotion and I slid between her pussy lips with ease while my fingers continued to dig into her ass.

"You were so tense." She said. "Your back was tense, your shoulders. You seem a lot more relaxed now. Except for one thing, actually."

"Oh, God." I said as she lifted herself up and her hand went down and grabbed my hard-on.

"Do you want me to massage this?"

"Yes... please." I was out of my mind. I couldn't ever remember being this horny. She was still hovering over me but her fingers were slowly jacking me off.

"Okay." She said. "There's a better way to massage your cock, and relieve it of all its tention. Do you want me to do that instead?"

I could only nod as she pointed it up and lowered herself onto me. My cockhead parted open her pussy and soon my entire thing was enveloped in her hot box. This time we both moaned and the massage soon faded away and turned into raw animal fucking. Amy started up and down, her tits bouncing wildly. My hands were on her hips, then her ass. I pounded up as she pounded back.

After a few minutes I sat up and we wrapped our arms around each other. Our lips quickly met and our tongues danced as we kept madly ramming up and down back and forth.

"Oh, fuck I'm going to cum!" She said. Her fingernails dug into my back and her teeth found my shoulder. She let out a long moan and began shuddering against me. My hand cupped under her ass and I held her dripping snatch as she finished her orgasm and collapsed into my arms. I held onto her for a few moments before laying her face down on the bed and letting her feet drape to the floor.

As she recovered I nestled my cock between her cheeks and penetrated her doggy style. The moan that followed was one both over-stimulated and exhausted so I decided to just concentrate on getting off as quickly as I could. I thrust with deep strokes and played with her ass cheeks with both my hands.

"Oh, God..." she moaned again and again. "Oh, God, I think... I think I'm going to cum again." It couldn't have worked out better for me because I was thinking the same thing.

I started first and as it happened I collapsed on top of her. She was shaking beneath me and I could feel her juices drench my balls as she shuddered out a powerful orgasm. I can't remember how many times I shot inside her, but it was the most powerful of the three orgasms that night, by far.

We stayed like that for a moment. We were both so exhausted we couldn't do much moving. I set the alarm on my phone for an hour and we both drifted off to sleep, holding each other's naked sweat, cum and oil filled bodies until it rang. Then we slowly got up, cleaned up as best we could and I let her take the bed while I went back to the couch and found both girls still passed out.

In the morning, with most of us nursing hang-overs, Eliza escorted the girls outside to their car and thanked them for the night. I used the time to strip the bed and put the sheets in the laundry bin. She was just coming back as I was heading to the machine's outside.

"What are you doing?"

"Oh, I let Amy use the bed last night. Time to wash this stuff anyway."

"Mm." She looked at me disapprovingly. For a moment I thought I was busted or that Amy had said something on the way to the car. "You doing the laundry doesn't keep me from being mad at you, you know."

"What do you mean?" I asked innocently.

"You know exactly what I mean. I woke up this morning with an odd taste in my mouth, mister. I can't believe you would do that while Jessica slept a few feet away!" 

I smiled. "Sorry. You just looked so hot I couldn't fall asleep without doing that, babe."

She shook her head. "Well, I don't like that around my friends. Amy already asked we set something up for next weekend. I'd be so embarrassed if those girls knew you did that to me. Now hurry up and start that load, I'll make breakfast before I head home."

I took the, "load" into the laundry room and came back to Eliza, looking sexy as ever in boy shorts and a tank top cracking two eggs over the frying pan. We may just have to have a little sex after breakfast. I couldn't believe the night I had just had and I looked forward to seeing where things would go when her friends came the following weekend.

I'm pretty sure both my buddies would once again "flake on me." No doubt I would still have fun hanging out with three beautiful ladies... and maybe, just maybe, something else would happen too.