 Alice let out a sharp hiss as she pulled her nipple and a sigh as she engaged the clamp. Sitting topless at her vanity she could not believe how aroused those fiendish devices made her. Even the knowledge that she was preparing herself for the benefit of another woman failed to keep her from becoming moist. Per Nicole's instructions her hair was done up in a tight chignon near the top of her head, a green ribbon wrapped around its base, her makeup light, glossy pink lipstick and eyes in shades of green with gold glitter. 

Nicole had given very specific as to how she was supposed to look and had spent most of the day getting to this point. Rising off the stool Alice walked to her bed wearing a skirt made of light and dark green tulle in the shape of leaves, the tips ending just before her pinkie. Per Nicole's rules Alice remained pantiless, with sheer gold stay up stockings ending at her crotch, and on her feet, dark green ballet flats with a large puffy gold ball.

"Mother I'm ready," called Alice as she regained her composure and moved to cover her chest with a green leaf-patterned corset.

"Then let's get you laced up!" sang her mother as she eagerly strode into Alice's room, ready for her evening in a figure hugging black sequined halter evening dress, the deep neckline exposing the valley between her breasts. The dress hugged her hips tightly and would have been impossible to maneuver in were it not for the slit running from her ankle, half way up her hip exposing the top of her nylon stocking as she walked.

Alice wanted to criticize her mother for wearing something so revealing but given the way she now had to dress felt she no longer had the grounds. "Yes mother," replied Alice turning her back to her mother. 

"You must be so excited, your first true formal event and a costume one at that," chirped Janet as she began to weave the green satin ribbons at the back of the corset.

For Alice it was just another of many firsts she had to endure. At this time last year she spent the night with her best and only friend Kim. Wearing party dresses purchased for the occasion at H&M, they had sat in her living room watching the countdowns cross the country, eating party snacks until they had their own midnight countdown, capped off with a pretend kiss at midnight. Everything seemed so peaceful and innocent then: Kim had not yet met David and Susan and Nicole were strangers to them.

Now Kim had a boyfriend and wanted nothing to do with her as she appeared to be dating a very kinky and demanding girl. So much had changed that everything seemed different. Most of her old clothes, including the dress she wore last New Years Eve, were gone, replaced with a wardrobe more acceptable to her lover. Her room and her house were now equipped with video cameras to satisfy her girlfriend's voyeuristic desires. 

Even her room was redecorated to her girlfriend's liking, with her parents blessing. While the walls remained a soft pink, her furniture was painted lavender and the hardware replaced with chrome rings, the same rings that Nicole installed near the top of her walls. Affixed to each ring was a pair of ballet slippers either tied off in a bow or the satin ribbons extending down to hold one of many new pictures that adorned her room. This theme extended to her bed now decorated with four pairs of slippers, one tied to each of the bedposts, their extra long satin ribbons wrapping around the bed frame. The room even had what looked like an overly wide chrome ballet barre held out by leavers across her closet. An extra set of leavers were at the top of the mirrored doors to hold the barre when not in use.

Looking around the room one could be confused just who the occupant was, judging from the style and content. The bedroom was obviously designed for a girl in a modern ballet theme but the decor was that of an adolescent teenage boy obsessed with women. The bed was fitted with pink satin sheets sporting a large black Playboy bunny symbol in the middle, which Alice covered with her blanket every morning from embarrassment. The only items resting on the bed was a large teddy bear saved from her childhood, a battery powered vibrator now embedded within his nose, beside him a log pillow with a similar device designed for straddling. Hanging on the wall over her desk was a playmate of the month calendar opened to January. 

All of her old decorations were gone, except for the portrait of a ballerina wearing a tutu, bent at the waist, retying one of her slippers. The rest of the decorations were a collection of sexy to erotic pictures: pictures of the University of Arizona and Arizona State cheerleader and dance teams, the Arizona Cardinals and Phoenix Suns cheerleaders. But the worst for Alice was the pictures of two young girls lying in bed, in a romantic embrace. This picture, along with the large portrait of Nicole in her volleyball uniform, was constant reminder of what her life had become. 

The unconventional mix matched what her life was thought to be, a young feminine woman with an open and lustful attraction to women. However it was the other elements that were the most uncomfortable for Alice.

Nicole's perverted imagination hid the true, kinky nature of her room in plan sight. The chrome rings were set to be just out of Alice's reach, if she stood with her arms stretched above her head. The ribbons from the ballet slippers could then easily secure her wrists and the extra ribbon could be wound down her arms to be knotted either in front or behind her neck. The length of the ribbons also allowed her to be tied spread eagle. The oddly sized ballet barre was actually a stripper pole that could be installed in front of her closet; the levers anchor points for Nicole to secure her in front of her closet mirrors. 

But the worst for Alice was her bed. The satin ribbons attached to those slippers were long enough to secure her in multiple positions. One of Nicole's favorites was to bind her spread eagle with the ribbons securing her wrists and ankles. The extra ribbon would then wrap around her arms and legs cress crossing until they reached her torso. There the ribbons would be tied to form a satin ribbon bra and panty set with ornate bows between her breasts and above her pussy. Alice remembered lying naked and blindfolded by a red satin scarf held tight by her satin restraints. Even the slightest movement caused the ribbons to tighten across her body as Nicole's camera clicked away. 

The only piece of furniture added was the jewelry armoire. However this one held a more perverted collection. The drawers of the armoire had sex toys, all kept neat and organized, resting on black velvet. The side cabinets, designed for necklaces, held leashes and whips, including the riding crop April had given her to give to Nicole for Christmas. But the worst section was the center cabinet. The two doors opening like an alter reveled the hip section of a mannequin, wearing the harness for her strap-on with attachable dildos lining the sides of the cabinet, like perverted soldiers guarding the throne. All of which remained unlocked and potentially visible to her parents. 

"That is tight enough mother," gasped Alice, pulled back to reality as her mother tugged on the strings of the corset in an attempt to make them perfect.

"You have a lot to learn about wearing a corset," grunted her mother accepting nothing less than perfection from her daughter for her date. "Not only does it give you a feminine curve but shows a sexy bit of skin all trussed up in the back. If the lines aren't symmetrical or the ribbons twisted the look is wasted."

Alice simply grunted as the air was forced out of her lungs as the corset tightened its grasp requiring her to breathe a little shallower. The corset ended high on her chest with padding built in that pressed against her clamped breasts and gave her the appearance of a B cup. This outer layer sloped down to a level below her shoulder blades in back were the corset worked to tighten her waist, crushing her lower ribs as it anchored itself to her body giving her a noticeably curvy look. Alice still did not like another woman, her girlfriend, insisting she make herself as beautiful as possible but the fact that her mother wanted her to please Nicole made her even more uncomfortable.

"There, perfect," announced Janet as she ran her hands along the sides of Alice's waist. "With your hair up and such a delicate little waist you truly look like a little fairy."

"Yes I do," squeaked Alice as she looked at her reflection in the mirror. With her long flowing red hair, round face and big blue eyes everyone associated her with Ariel. But with her small frame and long legs now in her green costume she was the spitting image of tinker bell, if not for the red hair pilled on top of her head.

"Now let's get your wings," stated Janet as she turned to get the delicate gold item lying on Alice's bed.

Alice stood motionless as her mother held the final piece of her transformation in her hands and began attaching it to the back of Alice's corset. Patterned after the fairy's, the prop was made up of two large transparent gold wings ending points well above her head with two small round wings poking out around her waist, a small motor in the middle allowed the wings to be remotely opened and closed.

"Now why don't you wait up here for your date to arrive," suggested Janet as she walked towards the door. "I'll be happy to watch out for her while your father is getting ready and will call you for your grand entrance."

Janet's heart jumped like a schoolgirl seeing her crush when she spotted Nicole's car pull into the driveway. Wanting everything to be perfect, she had picked a very sexy and revealing evening gown, not for her New Year's celebration with her husband, but for the arrival of her daughter's girlfriend. As a result she made sure she was dressed and made up in time for the young beauty's arrival and not the party being held by one of her husbands fellow professors. Keeping Alice out of sight, Janet felt like she was meeting her own date and a thrill of excitement ran through her body. 

"Happy New Year Nicole," greeted Janet as she stood in the open door and looked over the young woman. In keeping to the spirit of the celebration and the theme set by Alice's costume Nicole was dressed as a pirate. Her head adorned with a black velvet Jean Lafitte hat with black lace trim and a large white feather. A black lace Kato mask covered the top of her face highlighting her brown eyes and lush red lips. Her silky black hair falling around her shoulders and over the long red velvet coat that clinched at the waist and flared out to end at the knee, the red satin Basque she wore underneath displayed her ample bosom quite nicely. On her feet, instead of the customary pirate wear, were a pair of black stiletto heels. A set of knee high lace stockings creating the illusion of boots as fishnet stockings disappeared under the black pleated skirt filled out by the white petticoats. 

"Happy new year to you too Janet," answered Nicole as she placed her hand on Janet's shoulder and leaned in to give her a kiss on the cheek, her hand sliding off her shoulder letting one fingernail gently trace a line between Janet's exposed breasts as she withdrew from the kiss. "And may I add that you are looking incredibly sexy tonight."

"Thank you Nicole," stammered Janet still trying to catch her breath from the sensation of having Nicole's nail tease her flesh, "and I must say you are looking incredibly sexy in that costume. I assumed that you were going to come dressed as Peter Pan but the pirate look is so much more fitting for you. I'm not sure if I should call you Nicole or captain?"

"For you it's Nicole," laughed Nicole as she strutted past Janet and into the foyer, "but for Alice it's captain. I have always felt more in common with the dear captain than Peter. I mean he is just a little boy and should be no match for an adult. I felt if I were Captain Hook I would have bested that self absorbed little twerp in the first fateful duel when he lost his hand. I'd have fed him to the crocodile and taken Tinker Bell as my prize." 

"So my daughter is your prize," teased Janet as she ran her nail along the path Nicole had recently traced down her chest.

"Of course," answered Nicole, turning to face Janet, "after all she is my girlfriend."

"Yes she is one lucky girl," replied Janet, focused only on the fact they were lovers. "I wish I was going with you to instead of with my husband and a bunch of English professors discussing the latest books." 

"So you think your husband wouldn't mind if you went off and kissed someone else, a woman, at midnight?" inquired Nicole in a sultry tone.

"My husband would thoroughly enjoy watching me kiss another woman," purred Janet as she thought about Peter watching wide eyed as she kissed Nicole. "I think he would...."

"I'm glad to hear that," interrupted Nicole as she walked over to Janet, her eyes locked with that of her preys.

Janet stopped mid thought as she watched the young pirate captain remove her hat and walk towards her, the silence of the moment only disturbed by the sound of Nicole's heels echoing throughout her body. Ever since meeting Nicole she had wild thoughts about the girl. Fantasies that aroused her beyond belief but were strictly forbidden on many levels. So many things ran through her head as she tried to come to terms with what was happening and what she should do: that she was an adult and Nicole was barely a woman, that she was married and this was her daughter's girlfriend, that she had already made choices in life and she so deeply wanted the young woman before her. 

Now Janet knew that those boundaries were about to be crossed and those fantasy's were about to start to become reality and she would no longer just be playing and flirting. Janet could feel her heart beating as Nicole came close enough to smell her perfume, an exotic spicy sent, their eye contact broken as Nicole moved her head beside hers and a jolt passed through her body as Nicole slid a hand along her hip and lower back, coming to rest at the top of her ass. Janet shivered at her touch, her eyes closed, as she tried to come to terms with what was happening. Was this was what she really wanted or did she want to pull away and keep the boundaries intact. 

Her inner turmoil ended as she felt Nicole's hardened nipples come in contact with her own and Nicole's soft hair brush against her cheek. Lifting her hands to grab the young girl's firm waist, her body shuddered as she felt Nicole plant a soft kiss on her ear lobe.

"As much as I would love to be your first kiss of the year," whispered Nicole as her moist warm tongue danced across Janet's ear. "I have a much more delicious game we can play."

Janet could only whimper as Nicole pulled back until they were again face to face.

"I'm not going to give you your first kiss of the New Year, I'm going to give you your last kiss of the year, explained Nicole. "Your lips will then be lesbian until midnight. You will go off with your husband and me with your daughter. You will tease him and point out all the sexy women at the party. Describe to him how much fun and exciting it would be if one of them joined the two of you for the night and in the end convince him to kiss you through a woman at midnight, meaning you will share a passionate kiss with her and she with your husband and then back to you." 

"You want me to kiss a stranger at midnight instead of my husband?" asked Janet nervously.

"It doesn't have to be a stranger," replied Nicole, "it just has to be a woman. And with that kiss your lips will become lesbian once again, this time for the whole year." 

Looking at Janet's face Nicole could not help but smile. The look of desire mixed with fear, the yearning mixed with guilt, morality in conflict with wickedness. She knew she was at the cusp of capturing Janet. All she needed to do was solve her dilemma and push her over to the other side.

"It would be so exciting to think of you kissing another woman at midnight," purred Nicole as she once again began to run her finger gently along the space between Janet's breasts. "Knowing that you and your husband will have another playmate and that you would then be a lesbian and he just your beard would make things perfect. I will have to find Alice another playmate also so we could then spend time together as well. Don't you want that Janet?"

Nicole was right, she did want that and everyone else would be happy too. Alice would get another lover in her open relationship, she and her husband will make the choice of bringing other woman into their relationship, with a little convincing, and she would get a relationship with the beautiful young woman she desired and desired her. 

"Yes Nicole, I want that," stated Janet as she looked into her new lover's eyes. 

"That's 'captain'," directed Nicole as she pressed a button on a small remote and leaned in for a passionate kiss. 

The fluttering of her wings alerted Alice that Nicole had arrived, taking a breath to steady her nerves she carefully placed the green sequined mask over her eyes and nervously walked out of her room to greet her lover. Alice moved silently towards the stairs, the green ballet slippers masking any noise from her steps, only the quite whisper of her nylon covered thighs rubbing against each other gave away her presence. Reaching the top of the stairs she was greeted by the sight of her mother, with the look of excited anticipation on her face, and Nicole wearing a pirate costume and holding her camera to capture Alice's descent. Like her mother Alice too was surprised by Nicole's costume but while her mother was taken by Nicole's commanding sexiness Alice was nervous of the symbolism of there two costumes.

"There's our Tinker Bell," announced Janet as her daughter descended the stairs accompanied by the flash of Nicole's camera.

"Yes, a worthy prize," added Nicole as she reached out to take possession of her costumed lover.

"You look very good in that costume Nicole," greeted Alice she was taken in Nicole's arm.

"That's 'captain' to you Tinker Bell," growled Nicole as she playfully slapped Alice on the ass.

"Yes captain," screech Alice dropping her hands to make sure her skirt stayed in place, "sorry captain." 

"Yes, that is a good fairy," replied Nicole, her blood red painted lips forming a smile.

"How about a few pictures of the happy couple," injected Janet, "Peter will not be ready for awhile."

"Excellent idea Janet," replied Nicole. 

So for the next fifteen minutes Alice was forced to pose with Nicole as her mother snapped picture after picture. Pictures of her in Nicole arms, one foot kicked up with her head resting on Nicole's chest. In a lovers embrace with her arms trapped between hers and Nicole's bodies, her hands on Nicole's breasts as they kissed. 

The pictures continued and became more fanciful with Alice playing the shy fairy to Nicole's strong pirate. Alice even had to stand on her tip toes with her legs together bent at the hips and blow a kiss to the camera. However the photo session came to an end as Peter's loud footsteps could be heard coming down the steps.

"Hello Nicole," announced Peter and he appeared at the bottom of the steps still fixing his sport coat, "you sure do make a lovely pirate."

"Why thank you," replied Nicole in a serious manner. "You're just in time. Could you please take a picture of the three of us before we leave?" Her choice of words noticed by both Janet and Peter. 

"Yes, I would be happy to," answered Peter the disappointment in his voice noticeable.

"Here's the camera," stated Janet. "Just look at the screen and press this button."

Janet slid her arms around the waist of each girl as she positioned herself between the two girls. A shiver running through her body as she felt Nicole's hand slide across her ass increasing her arousal level. A naughty smile appearing on her face as Nicole groped her right cheek as they stood next to her daughter and before her husband who was taking far more time than was necessary to take the picture. As soon as Peter was finished Nicole thanked him and, as she reached for the camera, quickly kissed Janet goodbye before pulling Alice towards the door.
