 About 15 minutes into Kristy's nap, I realize it's going to get dark soon, and since we didn't pack for an overnight, I decided we should get going. Though I could wake the sleeping beauty next to me with soft words and gentle nudges, I instead go for shock value and place one of the ice cold bottles of water on Kristy's bare stomach. She gasps for breath as her eyes open wide and she stifles back a scream. Slapping the bottle out of my hand, she looks at me with a mask of anger as she sits up and covers her chest. Why she does this I have no idea, but I laugh at her reaction. I stand up fully clothed and loom over her, my figure blocking out the sun, which has began it's trek back beneath the horizon. "You should probably get dressed so we can get going. The sun'll be gone after too long and that's when the forest dwelling cannibal tribes come out looking for naked girls to rape and eat alive." 

Kristy laughs as she slides her pants on and gets dressed. "But you still haven't given me that cock I've been waiting so long to feel." she says, with yet another sly smile as her hand brushes over the front of my jeans, where my cock remains semi-hardened from our earlier adventure. 

"I'd love nothing better than to bend you over one of these fallen trees and slam your snatch repeatedly like you've never been fucked before, but we'll have to save that for another time, cuz we gotta go." More than a little disappointed and contorting her visage to that of a pouty faced brat who doesn't get what she wants, Kristy hits the ground with her fists in a mock tantrum. Kissing her firmly I laugh again, then make a sudden grope of her breast. "Now let's go before the wild animals come out of hiding looking for a supple piece of female flesh for dinner." Throwing her shirts over her shoulder, Kristy puts on her bra and prepares to head out without covering her upper body... she never gives up with torturing my libido. 

During the entire hike back she takes every advantage to make me suffer. One time she stopped suddenly while I was behind her, rubbing her ass up and down the front of my jeans when our bodies made contact. Anytime she'd turn around to talk to me, she'd make damn sure to arch her back and push out her chest. I don't know how, but I'd swear she managed to make that bra tighter so her tits were barely contained. Several times she'd reach back and grab my package, always giving me an insincere "oops, sorry" excuse. Of course, the whole way my cock had found new life and was rubbing against the metal teeth of my zipper, a pain which actually urged my lust on more so. 

Every time she made contact with my jeans, she KNEW what was going through my head and she liked it, because it made her job of driving me insane that much easier. All her talk about how much she hates her body must be some kind of trick that makes guys like myself unprepared for her games, and I completely understand now. The only question is, how long can I hold off until I just HAVE to have her again? We were less than a mile from where this entire journey had began, when she decided to up the ante. She stopped for a minute and said she had to take a piss. 

Being a gentleman I decided not to watch... besides, I'm not into the golden shower thing. I sat down on the ground with my back to her, leaning against a tree. After about five minutes of sitting there and rubbing myself, I finally called out, "Dude, what are you doing, marking your territory?! Hurry the fuck up, we gotta get goin." When she didn't reply, I started to wonder if she'd gone on without me as some little joke, so I stood up and turned around. I could see the back of her head from the top of the bushes she'd decided to relieve herself behind, and decided that if she wasn't going to answer, then I was gonna be a jerk and attack her while she was in the middle of her "business". As I got closer though, I could hear her breath, taking familiar short gasps. Sure enough, when I was upon her, I could see she had her hands in her pants and was casually playing with herself. Looks like she would be the first to cave-in this time.

She knew I was there as she looked over her shoulder, flashing me a seductive grin. It lasted only a moment as her face instantly returned to a look of lust and self pleasing as her fingers worked themselves around inside herself. Okay, time for Round 2. I walked over to the other side of the small clearing, across from her and took my shirt off. Reaching down, I undo my belt and unbutton my pants. Taking down my zipper I push my jeans down around my legs and my cock springs forth, throbbing before I even touch it, the veins bulging and my tip unsheathed from my foreskin. 

Eager to avenge my previous loss at our game, I grasped the base of my cock and start to stroke it slowly as my other hand explores my testicles. Knowing that I'd be more turned on by the site of her exposed pussy as she played with it, Kristy worked her own pants down around her ankles, sitting on her knees as she worked her fingertips around her clit. Again she was sopping wet and looked at me with eyes that displayed no emotion, just animal desire. Spreading her lips for me, I watched as her fingers glistened with her moisture and teased at herself. She slid a finger into her hole and made a pouty little face at me as she sighed. I replied in kind, pointing my cock upward so she could see the entire length of it as I stroked it slightly faster. 

Using a little technique I learned while jerking off for my webcam, I repositioned my fingers and tugged down on my sac so it looked like my cock was even bigger than it actually was. A sticky stream of precum dribbled out onto my fist, but since I'd yet to reach orgasm, this wasn't over yet. She tried to pace herself and slow down in an attempt to prolong her orgasm, but the sight of my precum caused her to lick her lips and give up control. Her fingers pounded into herself faster and harder. Though her bra was still on, she was squeezing her tits and pinching at her nipples from beneath the fabric. She was unable to control herself and fiercely rubbed her clit, wanting only to cum now. Biting her lip I saw a single tear drop from her eye as she let out a long and deep growl, which turned into a soft purr after it's peek. 

The familiar sounds of squishing fluids against rubbing flesh was apparent as her body ripples again slightly, her fingers still pounding away as her breathing begins to subside. I'd won this time and I was about to name my own prize. As she sits there hunched over, rubbing her pussy lips and massaging the cum over herself, I stand up and walk over to her, my dick still very hard. Standing next to her, I run my fingers through her jet black hair as she looks up at me. Whether she was willing to admit defeat or decided she was hungry for cock, she parts her lips and runs her tongue around my tip. 

She flicks at my hole with the tip of her tongue, then begins to lick at the underside, massaging my balls with her hand as she grips my ass, pulling me closer to her. Grasping the base of my meat shaft, she squeezes it hard before engulfing it with her mouth in one swift action. I can feel it hit the back of her throat and give a small thrust when the muscles of her throat spasm in a gag reflex, clenching down hard on my aching cock. As she bobs her head in and out out of my pelvis, I can feel her tongue tickling the underbelly of my dick. The tongue stud feels incredible as the cold metal ornament dances over my pulsating veins and bringing sensations to my foreskin that no mouth has ever accomplished. 

It wasn't long before I was hunched over her, arms wrapped around her head as I began to thrust, fucking her mouth, my ass tensing at her touch as I feel the climax building inside my swollen testicles. Finally, arching my back and closing my eyes tight, I grunt and force my cock all the way down Kristy's throat. She gags as I fill her mouth with my milk, holding her head in my hands as I shiver and convulse, emptying my balls into her. She looks up at me with a look in her eyes that can only be described as "Was I good?"

To reply to her silent question, I rub her cheek with my thumb, smile slightly and groan out a long, "mmmmmmmmmmmmm" sound. Pulling my cock from her lips, she then regurgitates my sperm and lets it slide down her lips and off of her chin like a porn star. Rubbing some of it on her erect nipples and stomach, she spits up the rest and reaches for her shirt to wipe it off. Though I was hoping she would swallow it like my girlfriend, I guess it's no problem that she spit it out, considering she usually refuses to swallow a cock, let alone a mouthful of seed. Pulling her pants back up and fastening the Velcro once more, she stands and licks my ear before kissing my cheek and starting back up the hiking path. I put my shirt back on and begin following behind once more. 

The only thing on my mind is, "Wait, she didn't try to ride me... guess I should be ready, cuz I know she's gonna try again before this is over."

For most of the last mile, we don't say much to each other. Every joke I make is met with silence and the only noise she makes is to cough. I wonder if she felt violated when she sucked my cock, as if I'd forced her to do something that disgusted her. She didn't try to tease me anymore, and even put both her shirts on as the walk progressed. Either she was personally disappointed for losing that last test of wills or she was resenting me because I'd apparently put her into an uncomfortable position from which she saw only one demeaning way out. I was confused now. I wasn't staring intently at her ass, or lusting over thoughts of her tits and pussy, or even planning my next move. I was simply slouching along behind her like a scalded dog whose owner suddenly wasn't interested in playing fetch with him anymore. What happened? I mean, she'd given me that teasing lick of the ear and that kiss on the cheek, so why was she suddenly acting like she was alone in the woods? 

Just outside the limits of the forest, there was a picnic table that my parents had put there for sitting and enjoying the peace and quiet mother nature has to offer. Though she didn't say a word to me, Kristy made her way to the picnic table, possibly for a quick rest before we returned to the house. I sat next to her and offered her a drink of my water, as she had finished hers drowning the flavor of cum from her taste buds. Looking at her face I could see she wasn't angry with me, but she seemed depressed about something, as if she was about to cry. "Frank (my nickname for her), what's wrong kiddo? If it's about me not fucking you yet, I was going to do it when we got to the house." She lowered her head before answering, "No, it's not that Dave, I just feel like we've completely ruined a beautiful place." She continued, "I mean, nature is a wonderful thing. A calming serene place that should be taken care of and respected, not violated by two perverted friends looking for a little dirty fun."

She started to sob softly, but I couldn't tell if this was a trick or if my friend seriously felt like we'd done something tragic. "Kristy, nature is a beautiful thing, and I know you respect it and embrace it. I think nature's a great thing too, it's calming and peaceful. But, let's not forget that we come from nature. Let's keep in mind that nature continues on because of sex in all it's forms." She looks at me with inquisitive eyes and says, "But what we did wasn't natural. Sex is only nature based if it's done to reproduce and create more of nature, we didn't even do natural sex. We just ate each other and played with ourselves." 

Not sure really how to deal with this situation, I took her in my arms and planted a kiss long and deep on her lips. I put my arms around her and our mouths locked passionately. I dealt with the situation the only way I could think: fuck her and hope that she could understand the beauty and intimacy of where we were and what we were sharing. Standing I pull her to her feet and she doesn't say anything. She simply jumps upward and wraps her legs around my waist... In the midst of our embrace, I set her down on the table and reach for her pants. As I work them off of her and down her legs, she frantically does the same to my jeans, practically begging for my cock, which she's only played with all day and has yet to feel coursing inside of her. Pulling it out, she strokes at it, somewhat shocked to find it so hard already... what can I say, my motto is to always be prepared. 

I rip her button up shirt open and pull her undershirt violently over her head. She's obviously shocked by my forcefulness, brought on by holding myself back all day. I whip off my own shirt as Kristy lies there on her back, on top of her shed clothing, protecting her back from the rough wood of the table. Grabbing my hips with her hands, she arches her back and laughs softly, sighing as my fingers rub at her clit for the second time today. I then tease her once more, running my bulging tip up and down between her lips, slippery with her juices yet again.

She squirms and groans as she tries to swallow my cock with her pussy, just as she did my fingers, but I hold her down, making her want it more and more. I stand grabbing her hips as she grips at my cock, guiding it to her waiting hole. Despite her attempts to impale herself on my member, I hold her fast, only allowing an inch at a time as I slowly slide in. She moans and gasps once again, squeezing my staff and digging her nails into my hips as my fat dick pokes deeper and deeper inside. Finally, as it's been swallowed up to the hilt, I simply hold it there, sheathed entirely inside the beautiful woman beneath me. She moves from left to right instead of up and down, savoring this moment that she's been waiting so long for... that we've BOTH been waiting so long for.

I pull my meat slowly out of her. She's realized that I'm in control now and decides to stop trying to set her own pace, and instead lies there fondling her breasts as I pull myself completely out. I push it back into her tight hole once more, shivering at the sensation of her pubic hair tickling my sensitive tip and the exposed inside of my foreskin. Again I pull myself back out and again I push back in. I like to do this, because of the sensation it causes in the woman as the over-sized tip is pushed inward and than taken back out. The woman's vaginal opening is stretched just enough that it makes a difference. Though some women dislike this feeling, it's obvious that Kristy loves it, as each thrust and exit is met with a small scream and her grip tightening on my hips. In and out I continue, trying to probe her deeper with each thrust, her juices soaking her carefully maintained patch of pubic hair, the perfume of lust heavy in the air. Each thrust sending a shiver through me as her insatiable pussy caresses my cock, urging it on. 

My thrust become faster as her words call out for me to increase my efforts. She's very verbal in her desires as she shouts at me, "YES! GIVE ME YOUR BIG COCK YOU BASTARD! FUCK ME! FUCK ME HARD LIKE A LITTLE SLUT! I'M NOT YOUR FRIEND, I'M A LITTLE WHORE FOR YOUR FAT COCK! YESSS!"

I ignore the thoughts in my head at how wrong this is, and fulfill her request, ramming my hips into hers as the slow drilling thrusts become more intense fucking. Long and hard at first, then short and fast, as if I'm trying to get deeper into her. I actually feel like I've reached a new level as the heat and tightness of her pussy immerses my cock in varying textures. I can feel meat gripping meat and the incredible friction caused by the two as we share each others' essence. Our mouths keep each other busy, kissing and biting, our tongues meeting once more. I don't know what it is, but tongues wrestling together makes sex better for me. Once more digging her nails into my back, I lift Kristy up from the table and hold her steady in my arms. 

One hand gripping her back tight and the other gripping her ass, my fingers planted at the base of her pussy, rubbing her lips as they drip all over my dick. Her arms wrapped tight around my neck and her legs locked tight around my waist, she buries her face against my shoulder and cries out, scratching and clawing at me as I feel her cunt tighten once more in the familiar orgasm reflex. She slams her body downward, eating my cock with her hungry hole and shouting my praises as the familiar white liquid pours over my cock. The suction sounds that seem to echo as the air is trapped and forced out again and again. She bites at my shoulder and grips me tight as I slowly lift her body up and down my pole, coming to a stop as I lift her off and settle her down on the table once more. 

She seems tired, and I think she realizes what we've shared and the intimate setting we've shared it in a moment that the two of us will always cherish and remember... then she turns around and waves her ass in the air, pushing her chest down against the table and looking back at me. "Well, I'm not sitting like this all day. If we're gonna do it the natural way, then you should get your ass in gear." 

Grabbing her hips, I pull her off balance. I hold her up and hunch myself over her, licking at her neck and around her back, making her gasp again and push her ass higher into the air. Reaching back, I rub at her pussy lips as she teases her own clit once more. Spreading her lips, I guide my cock to her hole again and let it slip right in. We both sigh at the initial feeling of penetration. Still full of her own cream, my cock settles inside her with ease. The juices bathe my shaft and spread out over my balls as I pull back and thrust forward again. 

She lifts herself off the table, supporting herself on her hands and hanging her head as she cries out in a low guttural tone. My hips thrust back and forth, my pelvic bone slamming against her ass, cushioning each blow as she cries out with every impalement. Meeting my thrusts with her own, we fuck harder and harder, my cock forcing it's way up and down her corridor as she pounds her fists and moans louder. She grabs the side of the table and I can feel the explosion building inside yet again. This time though, I'm determined to share the orgasm. 

This isn't a game, it's all about Kristy and I pleasing each other, and that's what's going to happen. As her pussy clenches my staff and I feel her body begin to twitch, I bite my lip and grunt like a savage, fucking her faster and harder, at an incredible pace that threatens to drain us both. My balls boil with a fresh batch of cum, begging to be released. I grab her hair and pull her head back... that's what pushes us both over. She grips the sides of the table and screams. I grip her hair and her hips and seemingly howl as we both unleash our momentum. 

Orgasms fire through our bodies, feeling as if they clash together at one point and we exchange sexual energies. Our fluids explode and mix together inside her, like a melting pot of unbridled lust, a lust that spills out all over us. Running down my leg, down her legs, all over each other as I slump over her form, still taught from our carnal labors. She lays flat on the table, barely supporting herself by her knees on the bench. My stomach rests on her back and I suckle at her neck, completely worn out. She reaches back and plays with my hair and she sighs and smiles. I figured that speech was just a trick...

The End