 Wolf stood 7'2" in his stocking feet. He had long, raven black hair that he wore pulled back into a tail. Cool gray eyes looked out of a handsome face. His well muscled body moved with silent grace. Men either challenged him or fawned on him. Women were fascinated and a little frightened. And none went with him more than once, for his size included his genitals. His flaccid penis hung halfway down his muscular thigh. His testicles were large and firm. Fully erect, he was nearly 18 inches long and as thick as his wrist. And now he was...hungry. He had not had a woman for nearly a month and his appetite had grown into need. He had about given up and gone to a local whorehouse. He disliked paying for sex, but at least could take the...edge...off.

Then she walked into the bar. A tall woman with shoulder length hair and hazel eyes. She spoke quietly to the bartender and then headed for the telephones. Wolf watched her come closer. Full figured and a bit older than he first thought. Yet he felt drawn to her.

One of the drunks blocked her, leaning close. He watched her eyes narrow as she shook her head. She evaded a drunken grasp and moved away from him. The drunk was reaching for her when Wolf stood up. The drunk paled and went back to his drink. 

She saw the movement and glanced at him. She did not flinch or stop as she noted his sized. She nodded thanks and went on to the telephones to make her call. When she returned, her anger was plain.

"Can I help?" asked Wolf softly. She looked up at him, a hint of ice still in her eyes. Then she blinked and it was gone.

"Not unless you can conjure a taxi in the next few minutes," she replied. He shook his head with a slight smile. "Then I will have to wait until one chooses to come here," she said. 

He offered her a seat at his table. She hesitated briefly, her eyes looking deep into his, then she accepted. She settled into the chair next to him with a soft sigh. 

"Car trouble?" asked Wolf.

"No," she sighed, "man trouble."

Wolf grinned at her sharp tone. "What happened?"

"I was supposed to meet a colleague and a client," she replied. Then her face turned cold again. "He was planning to pimp me out so he could close a deal."

Wolf grinned again at her anger. "Fool," he said, "to want to share." He leaned closer to her. "I never share," he murmured in her ear, "I like to keep all of the sweetness to myself." Then he kissed her.

Shock held her still for just a second, then her lips parted and she yielded to the hunger in his kiss. His hand closed over her wrist. "Come with me," he said softly. She found her eyes held by his silver gaze. She nodded. He stood and drew her to her feet. He led her out of the bar and across the street to an apartment house. Inside, up to the penthouse.

She had only vague impressions of rich furnishings and fine art. He was kissing her again and removing her clothes while he did. She found herself as quickly stripping him, revealing a hard, muscular body and his enormous penis. She trembled slightly when she saw the size of him. She looked up into his silver eyes.

"Go slowly," she whispered, "let me feel every inch of you."

His reply was to pick her up and carry her to his bed. He laid her down and moved over her. She caressed his now monstrously erect penis. Then, moaning softly, she guided him to her vagina.

Hot! He was so hot! The burning glans began pushing at her, stretching her until she whimpered a little in pain. With an almost audible 'pop', the fist sized glans entered her. Her vaginal muscles clamped on him. He paused, savoring her tightness, then began pushing into her. Slowly, steady, always in, as inch by inch he impaled her on his massive penis. She was moaning, her hips rocking as he penetrated deeper. And when she was dimly certain he could go no deeper into her, he pushed further until he had sheathed every inch in her quivering body. Her tight warmth caressed his huge, steely penis. Then he began moving in her, long, slow strokes that made her writhe and moan.

She arched and convulsed in orgasm. And he kept moving in her, pushing her to another orgasm. And another. Until she convulsed in constant spasms. Now his thrusts were harder, faster. He plunged into her as his own orgasm exploded, filling her throbbing body with his fiery ejaculate. As the tremors faded, he leaned close to her ear. 

"I never share," he whispered, "and I like sweets." He thrust. She moaned. He was still hugely hard in her. He took her again. And again. Until he was completely sated and she could only quiver and convulse in orgasm. Then he let her sleep.

She awoke, bound to his bed. He was kneeling between her legs. "More?" she whispered, "Please?" 

His penetration was swift and complete. She arched in orgasm, her body bucking with the intense spasms. "Much more," he promised. And there was much more. All night long. Every night.