 I felt the bed shift as he got in. I hadn't heard him come in and undress, but the minute I felt his weight on the bed, I knew he was home. He knelt beside me, his hand going to cup my pussy, lightly brushing along my slit.

"Did you miss me?" he whispered.

I answered, "Yes," as he slipped one finger between the lips of my labia, probing at my clit, drawing a moan from deep in my chest.

"I've spent all night thinking of this," he whispered hoarsely. "I could barely get my work done, dreaming of coming home to you, cumming inside you." He slid his finger inside me, making me arch my back toward him. After a moment I felt another finger join the first, thrusting, turning, teasing my g-spot, stroking my cervix, making me squirm.

I whimpered and reached for him. "In my mouth," was all I said, but he knew what I wanted, what I needed.

He shifted his weight as I slid down a little on the bed. He thrust his fingers deep inside me as I took his cock in my mouth, thrusting his hips, forcing me to take it all down my throat. He grabbed my head with his free hand, using it to guide me on his cock.

"Play with your clit," he ordered, fucking my cunt with his fingers, fucking my mouth with his cock. I slid one hand to my pussy and spread the lips for him to see. I used my middle finger to tease my clit, just as he wanted, and he slipped a third finger inside me, spreading my cunt wide.

I fingered my clit furiously, my hand slapping against his occasionally. I moaned, feeling the heat washing over me as I sucked his cock deeper into my mouth, burying my face as I took every inch of him. I could feel the heat spiraling out of control, starting with the raw energy he was pouring into my body from his fingers. His hand pummeled into me; I spread my legs, bending at the knees to tilt my pelvis so he could pound his fingers deeper inside me.

I whimpered at the heady assault on my body as I slid into that state of bliss, where nothing exists but the two of us; there was nothing but his fingers inside my pussy, his cock in my mouth. I became a conduit for pleasure as my body responded to his touch. I willed him to cum with me. I would have been howling with pleasure like the mindless animal I had become if I hadn't had him in my mouth. 

My cunt clenched down on his fingers just as he thrust his cock in and held my head prisoner against his crotch and growled. He pumped his hips into my face once, twice, three times as I bucked my hips into his hand, the raised my hips off the bed as he jammed his fingers deep inside me; I swallowed as much of his cum as I could; my throat was blocked by his cock.

After an eternity of being locked into that position he gently slid back. I swallowed instinctively, sucking gently on his cock to clean him as he slipped out of my mouth. My body tingled all over from the force of my orgasm. 

I twitched as he pulled his fingers out of me, whimpering as he caressed my aching clit. He pulled me toward him as he lay down beside me on the bed. He whispered sweet words to me, telling me how good I made him feel, how he loved cumming in my mouth, how sexy he thought I was. I couldn't respond; my entire body was locked into a loop of pleasure.

He started stroking me, helping me to center on reality, on the realization that this wasn't a dream; it was real. He was real, not another fantasy.

My arms came up as I started to breathe; I pulled his lips to mine, kissing him deeply, letting him feel my gratitude, my love. He buried his hand in my hair again and kissed me savagely, showing me his own feelings.

When we came up for air he pulled me in close, and kissed me on the top of my head as I rested my cheek on his chest.

I sighed softly, feeling sated. I placed a kiss on his chest as we drifted off to sleep in one another's arms.