 "How are you doing? That was quite a fuck we just had." Mike asked when he stepped back into the house with an amazon package under his arm.

"Excellent!"

"Perfect. Come with me." Mike led the way down the hall. "Do you feel like being tied up?" 

"What do you have in the box?" Gail asked.

"You just have to trust me."

"I'm all yours."

As they walked into the bedroom, Mike took Gail's towel off and laid it on the bed. Mike placed a blindfold over her eyes and helped her onto the bed. Mike guided Gail into the center of the bed. Mike took Gail's wrists and pulled then over her head and began to kiss her. The next thing she knew, Mike had secured Gail's hands to the headboard. He worked his way down her body, adjusting her body in the way he wanted it. She wondered what Mike had planned, as it seemed Mike was working on something quite elaborate. Her wrists were tied together and secured to the head board. Mike had her legs spread wide and knees bent. 

Gail was secure, she couldn't straighten out her legs. Mike had tied the lines to each bed rail so she could not close her legs. Gail was extremely curious what she looked like tied to the bed. Mike was almost done, the only thing he had left to do was open the package he'd run out to pick up. Gail had no idea what was in the package. They often talked about Gail's toy box, and she had even considered shipping her toys down with her for this visit, but in the end, she just hadn't had the time to get that done. 

Mike had something special in store for Gail. 

The moment she had texted Mike that the visit was a go, he'd gone online and bought a Hitachi vibrator. He knew how much Gail enjoyed masturbating with a vibrator, but she didn't have anything quite like this one. With a remote control, Mike had all the power at his fingertips to make Gail squirm with delight.

"Ok Gail are you ready?"

"Yes!" Mike began moving around the room. Gail wasn't entirely sure what he was doing. That brought with it both a sense of nervousness and excitement. Gail felt the bed dip again as Mike climbed between her thighs. He'd attached something to one of the lines holding her legs in place. Within moments Gail felt a light vibration on her clit. Mike had a mind blowing experience in mind for Gail, unfortunately Larry picked that moment to start barking like crazy. 

"I'd better go see what's got him riled up. He normally doesn't bark like that unless someone pulls in." 

Mike hurried down the hall. In the next moment, Gail heard Mike greet someone at the door. Gail started to get a little antsy. She hadn't heard Mike close the bedroom door and the voices sounded like they were getting closer to be bedroom. Suddenly the vibration got a little more intense. Then she heard Mike say "Let me grab that for you." 

Mike stepped into the room and took a long look at Gail who was struggling with the ropes. He stepped closer to the bed and whispered. 

"Give me a couple minutes, I'll get rid of her as soon as I can." Mike grabbed something from the nightstand, stuck earbuds in Gail's ears, turned on some music and left the room. The buzzing on her clit got a little more intense and was enough to distract Gail. The powerful sensation building in her pussy was all Gail could concentrate on. A part of her was also getting a little turned on by the idea that at any moment some stranger could be standing in the doorway watching her. Seeing her tied to the bed, thighs spread wide, pussy exposed to the room. 

True to his word, Mike returned before the second song finished playing. "She must not find this too objectionable." Mike thought to himself. Knowing Gail has no real idea that she's being watched is such a turn on. Mike's cock was so hard, he can feel the precum starting to flow. He hit the remote to 3. The change in power took Gail a bit by surprise but it was exactly what she needed at that exact moment. 

Gail knew the moment Mike walked back into the room. The energy changed. It's like the temperature racketed up 10 degrees coupled with the fact that the speed of the vibrator against her clit has been turned up again. The higher Mike cranked up the vibrations, the more Gail began to struggle against the ropes.

Gail's body jumped against its bonds and a low groan of pleasure could be heard as Mike hits the remote up to higher. Gail couldn't hold back the loud cry of pleasure as Mike set the Hitachi on its highest speed. The vibrations were the most powerful Gail had ever experienced. The only thing on Gail's was her impending orgasm.

It was amazing, Mike thought, watching Gail this closely. Gail thinking she's alone. She is her raw self, without thought of others. No shame or embarrassment. No one to judge. It was just her and her sexuality. Being consumed by the powerful buzzing on her clit. The power and noise of the Hitachi surprised them both. "Man, that is really hammering her cunt." Mike thought to himself. The noise from her mouth was just as loud. Her breathing was strained. Mike could see beads of sweat forming on her forehead. She struggled against the rope, and it almost looked like she is trying to get more friction from the tool. Gail is enjoying her world right now. Her world consists of her and the Hitachi and nothing else or so she thinks!

The higher he turned the vibrator up the more Gail began to struggle against the ropes. Her clit was beginning to get over stimulated, something that never would have happened if Gail had been in control of the vibrator. Mike knew that she often denied herself the pleasure of an earthshaking orgasm when she masturbated. Gail couldn't control how her body was reacting. She had never been in a situation like that. As the song changed, so did the speed of the vibrator against her clit. It completely snapped her control. Mike was glad he didn't live in a heavily populated neighborhood, because Gail couldn't control the screams of pleasure that escaped from her lips. He began to worry that she might hyperventilate.

Mike looked at the clock and shook his head, that Hitachi for 30 minutes now, 15 on high, and still no orgasm. Mike really wanted to fuck. His cock was achingly hard and dripping precum all over. Steadfast in his resolve Mike was determined Gail was going to cum before he fucked her again.

Gail felt the bed dip beside her. Mike's hand gliding up her arm. His scruff tickling her neck a moment before he pulled the earbud aside and pressed his lips to her earlobe. He sucked it into his mouth just before softly saying. "Let it happen." Mike urged. He slid a finger into Gail's dripping wet pussy, curled his finger just enough to hit the exact right spot, and her pussy exploded around him.

Gail moaned Mike's name as her pulsing pussy tightened around his finger.

"PLEASE... COCK...NOW!" Gail cried out as another spasm rocked her body. Mike buried himself, balls deep into her exploding pussy. Mike pounded his cock into her a few more times. Gail's tight pussy making it nearly impossible for Mike hold out for very long. He shot his load into Gail. He collapsed in a breathless heap next to Gail. That was something Gail missed so much, feeling Mike that close to her. That was the last thought she had before she passed out.

Gail didn't know how long she slept, but she was grateful to be free of the ropes when she woke up. She was curled on her side with Larry lying a few feet away from her gently snoring beside her. Gail was a little confused because she could also hear someone shuffling around in the living room. She slowly opened her eyes and rolled over to find Larry lying a few feet away from her. Gail was instantly thankful that Mike had covered her up, as Gail wasn't sure she would ever be ready for Larry to get friendly with her again. Gail listened carefully for the next few minutes for any conversations, as she didn't want to leave the safety of the bedroom if someone else has stopped by. 

In all honesty, Gail wasn't totally sure that she'd be able to move. But she sat up without too much of a struggle. Gail didn't know where anything was, especially her backpack. She searched the room with her eyes and found a T shirt to throw on, and hoped it would be long enough to cover her ass.

She spied a pair of Mike's boxer briefs folder on top of a dresser, so she pulled them on and headed to the bathroom. Gail caught a glimpse of herself in the mirror, and couldn't help but notice her tousled hair, a vivid reminder of the afternoon adventure. Just thinking about it had her blushing. Splashing water on her face did little to help and really what did it matter? While Gail was positive that her body would at some point in the future protest. She wasn't going to let it slow her down. Their visits were far too spread out to waste too much time with aches and pains. But Gail found that she was absolutely starving now that she was up and moving around. The TV was on for background noise, but Mike wasn't anywhere to be found, His truck was in the driveway, his phone was charging on the counter, so Gail figured he hadn't wandered far.

Gail poured herself some water. She was incredibly thirsty, and downed 2 more glasses, before going on a search for Mike. Gail glanced out the backdoor and found him relaxing at the table. As she walked toward the chair across from Mike, Gail knew she had to reach out and touch him, if for no other reason than to remind herself that she wasn't dreaming. She ran her fingertips down his arm, feeling a jolt of energy explode up her arm. Mike grabbed Gail's hand to stop her. For a moment, he simply looked at Gail as though he was trying to memorize her. The smirk that emerged had Gail blushing. "Sleep well? " 

"I did. And I'm starving." Gail admitted, and her stomach growled as if on queue. 

"I can fix that." With that Mike stood up, pulled Gail firmly against him and kissed her. Gail could feel his cock growing harder by the second against her. She couldn't hold back the moan. Reluctantly she pried herself away.

"Food." Gail whispered breathlessly. She quickly slipped into Mike's chair because she honestly wasn't sure she could have taken another step. Gail could already feel herself getting wet again.

The house started to smell of bacon. Mike added egg and cheese to his sautéed vegetables and set out to create a magic frittata. All the wild rerunning the day's events back in his mind. It had been a pretty rough day for Gail he thought. But what a trooper she is. As he brought the food out to the table Mike decided to take a step back and let Gail set the pace for the remainder of the visit. In the back of his mind he was toying with the idea of a little road adventure for day 2 of the visit, but at this rate, they weren't going to be able to keep their hands off one another.

The aroma of bacon came wafting out of the house, so Gail knew she was going to enjoy whatever Mike was cooking. Hell, a cold drink and a plate of bacon and Gail would be a happy woman. She sat quietly in the backyard, enjoying the warm air. Gail too got lost in her memories of the beginning of this friendship. She liked to remember her dates with Mike as adventures. The fondest ones always seem to be the sexual ones. 

As Mike brought the magical frittata out to the table, he caught a glimpse of the blush. As was often the case, Mike didn't question what had brought the color to her cheeks. "Where'd your mind wander off to?"

"The Dam. I didn't think my ass would ever thaw out." 

"You won't have that problem tonight." Mike smiled.

It was a beautiful spring evening, filled with delicious food, refreshing drinks and lively chatter. They found that by the end of the meal, they both once again had pleasure on their minds. Gail was counting the minutes until she would feel Mike inside her. Once upon a time, Gail would have almost shyly asked Mike's permission to touch him, embarrassed by her own appetites. She had come to realize that a visit with Mike was a gift not to be wasted. While her body had been put through its paces earlier, her hunger for Mike hadn't eased.

Gail slowly pushed myself back from the table and walked over to Mike. She pulled his shirt off and dropped it on the ground. "I need you to touch me Mike." 

Her nipples were growing harder with each step she took towards Mike. He sat a bit forward in his chair. His mouth at exactly the right height for her tits. He suckled one nipple with his magical mouth while he used his fingers to twist and tug on the other nipple. It took only a few minutes of that wonderful attention on her tits for her to feel wet heat gathering in her core. Gail found that she was torn, she very much wanted Mike to continue lavishing attention on her nipples, but she also felt selfish for needing so much attention. The entire afternoon had centered on how much pleasure Mike could give her, how much her body could endure and now she was curious how much of that exquisite torture he could handle.

Gail slowly pushed Mike back in his seat. She dropped to her knees, her hands sliding up his legs and into his lap. Rubbing his cock through the fabric of his shorts, she could feel his body straining for release. Without having to ask, Mike adjusted himself in the chair to give Gail better access to his zipper. Mike's hard cock sprang out of his shorts. Gail leaned in and playfully brought Mike's cock just the tip of her lips, using the tip of her tongue to tease Mike. Gail loved how quickly his cock responded to her attention. She licked away the first drops of precum and couldn't hold back the delight in her eyes as she looked up into his eyes. 

She alternated between taking him deeply into the wet heat of her mouth, swallowing as best she could to take him as deeply as possible. Concentrating her attention of the tip. Gail thoroughly enjoyed sucking on his cock and tonight was no exception. Cataloging his breathless murmurs of pleasure, and knowing he was getting ever closer to cumming when he buried his fingers in her hair. She stopped teasing him and let Mike control the pace. 

Letting Mike fuck her mouth. Thrusting his hips up as Gail took his entire length deep into her throat. Over and over until he exploded. His hot cum pouring into her mouth. Her throat working valiantly to swallow every drop. Not wanting to let a drop slip past her lips. When Mike finally let go of Gail's head, she took a moment to catch her breath before looking up with a smile plastered on her face. Gail couldn't tell which of them was more satisfied at that moment. 

Gail threw Mike's T shirt back on, as she was beginning to get a little chilled, before she grabbed the empty dinner plates and brought them into the house. Scanning the living room for her backpack. She had a new toy to share with Mike, and now seemed like the perfect time to share it. She grabbed another beer from the fridge, and her nearly empty bottle of watermelon margarita, and headed back outside.

"I brought you a little something." She said as she handed Mike the brightly wrapped package and the beer.

"I thought you were my gift." He grinned, and took a swig from his beer.

"True." Gail couldn't help but study Mike's face as he opened the package. She had ordered a under the bed restraint package, complete with satin lined wrist and ankle cuffs.

Mike fidgeted in his chair for a moment and then spoke. "Gail I'm kind of working with a wet noodle here. You seem to have sucked the life right out of me. I'm going to need a few minutes." 

"I think we could both use a little rest." Gail smiled. "But there's no reason we can't get ready for a little later. I thought it might be something we could both enjoy, but I'm going to need your help setting it up. Handy as Mike is it takes no time at all for him to move the mattress, get the strapping set up and to put the mattress back. Mike can't help wondering just exactly what she has in mind.