 Shortly after her coffee with Trish, Cathy called Tracy and invited her over for coffee. It was something they did from time to time. Not as often as Trish and Cathy got together, but still common enough that Tracy would have no reason to suspect anything.

While waiting, Cathy looked in the mirror at herself. She wasn't bad looking for being in her mid-to-late thirties. Her shoulder-length blonde hair was a little dry from colorings and there were crinkles at the corners of her blue eyes. But overall, her face was still pretty. Not the fresh pink skin of twenty years ago, but not bad.

Her body too was reasonably attractive. Her boobs had somehow grown from B cups to C's and started sagging a little. Her hips and thighs were a bit thicker than she would have liked, but she could still wear a tight pair of jeans. She had the inevitable belly sag that came from having children, but she was still reasonable trim.

As she looked at herself, she decided that she was still young and vibrant. She still had plenty of sexual energy and desire. And she was still looking good enough that she could have expectations. The only question that she couldn't answer was what to do about it.

When Tracy came over, Cathy was as patient as she could be, keeping the talk mundane and boring for the first half hour. Finally, she couldn't hold back any longer.

"So," she said with no warning, "did you hear about Margaret and Tony, from Trish's store?" A bunch of expressions flitted quickly across Tracy 's face, but Cathy wasn't sure what any of them were.

"What?"

"You know Margaret? The accountant?" Cathy said, as if revealing a juicy piece of gossip. Tracy nodded. "She's screwing the stock boy, Tony!" Cathy arched her eyebrows in a "what do you think of that?" look. She studied Tracy 's face, looking for a clue, but Tracy was careful to keep her expression neutral.

That in itself confirmed to Cathy that she at least knew something. If Tracy was hearing this for the first time, she would have at least some reaction. The fact that Tracy was trying so hard to keep a poker face told Cathy all she needed to know. Trish hadn't just been pulling Cathy's chain. It was true: Tracy was fucking Tony.

"Yep," Cathy nodded, smiling impishly. "I heard it from Trish. She said she actually saw them!"

"Wow, really?" Tracy said, but nothing in her voice sounded all that surprised to Cathy.

"Can you believe it?" Cathy asked excitedly, trying to elicit more of a reaction from her friend. "She must be twice his age!"

"Yeah, wow, that's pretty wild, isn't it?" Tracy 's response was far too deadpan. Guilt was all over her face. Cathy moved in for the kill.

"And I heard he's got a really big dick, too!" She locked onto Tracy 's eyes with a knowing look. Tracy murmered something and looked away. Cathy continued to stare at her intently, letting the pressure of the silence mount.

"So she, uh..." Tracy finally said, breaking the silence. But she faltered again when she looked into Cathy's eyes. Cathy was still staring through her with a smug, knowing look. Tracy must have known that her embarrassment was only serving to further incriminate her.

"Does he?" Cathy finally asked. Tracy looked up and quickly looked away again. "Come on, you can tell me!" Cathy said in a voice just above a whisper.

"What did that bitch tell you?" Tracy snapped. Cathy backed off, surprised by Tracy 's sudden anger.

"It's okay," Cathy said, trying to placate. "I was, uh, you know, thinking about it myself," Cathy lied. Tracy looked up. Her eyes were still smoldering, but her expression had soften.

"You what?"

"You know," Cathy said, with no idea what she was going to say next. "I heard that his, uh, services were available and, well..." Cathy shrugged and looked at Tracy as if she had explained everything. Tracy continued to glare.

"I can't believe that bitch!" Tracy swore. "She just came right out and told you? Everything?"

"Uh, well, I think she was trying to talk me into it," Cathy said trying to dodge the question.

"Talk you into fucking him too?" 

Too? Was that an admission from Tracy?

"Yes. Well, no, not fucking him," Cathy corrected herself. "Giving him a bj." Tracy 's eyebrows shot up in surprise.

"So she did tell you! Bitch!"

"Tell me?" Cathy asked, feeling a bit confused.

"About the blow jobs!" replied Tracy , angry again. The blank look on Cathy's face must have told Tracy that more explanation was necessary.

"His services, as you call them," Tracy said in an angry tone, "are not free." She gave Cathy a look that was certainly supposed to convey some meaning, but Cathy couldn't figure it out. Tracy gave an exasperate sigh.

"He doesn't just fuck you," she said, as if explaining it to a child. "You have to give him blow jobs too!" Cathy blinked. It finally registered on her what Tracy had meant. Cathy quickly explained the confusion.

"Oh. Well," she told Tracy , "I was only interested in... I mean, that's all I was going to do anyway." All she was going to do? What the hell was Cathy saying? She was telling Tracy that she was going to give Trish's stock boy a blow job?

It was Tracy 's turn to look at Cathy with uncertainty.

"You were just going to...?" Tracy asked. The two of them sat in silence for a moment. Cathy wasn't sure what she should say. She had never really considered doing anything. She was only saying so now to keep Tracy from feeling betrayed.

"Well, I don't know what I was going to do," Cathy said honestly. "I got into a conversation with Trish somehow about how I liked doing that but Jim wasn't into it. Next thing I know, she's trying to set me up with Tony." Cathy shook her head. "I guess she told me about you and Margaret to make it seem like it was okay, you know?"

"Well, I still ought to rip that bitches tits off," replied Tracy , but the anger was not in her words now. She looked into Cathy's face. "So you like going down on guys? Really?"

"Sure," Cathy nodded, breathing a little easier now that the tension levels had subsided. "It's what I like best." She nodded again as Tracy looked at her in surprise.

"Not me," Tracy said. "That bastard makes me do it. If I don't suck him, he won't fuck me. And if he weren't a great lay with that big dick of his, there's no way I'd do it."

"Really?" said Cathy. "He makes you?" The idea that Tracy would want him to fuck her so badly that she'd go down on him fascinated Cathy. Another question suddenly sprang up in Cathy's mind.

"Does he do the same thing to Margaret?" Tracy shook her head.

"You don't want to know what he does to her," Tracy said, still shaking her head. But Cathy did want to hear and indicated so. "Well," Tracy continued with a deep breath, "he fucks her until she cums once or twice, right? Then he makes her suck him the rest of the way."

Cathy's eyes opened wide. "But Trish told me that he just, you know, on her back..."

"Trish is a liar," Tracy snorted. "I saw the tape. He finished fucking her then turned her around and stuck it in her mouth." Cathy gaped. "Oh, don't worry," Tracy said quickly. "It's not like she wasn't okay with it. If you saw the tape, you'd know what I mean. She was a very willing participant!"

"Actually," Tracy continued after a pause, "he gave me that option too. But, well, I cum the best when the guy cums inside me. And since I had my tubes tied and all..." Tracy shrugged. "So I just meet him a day or two before to give him his, uh, payment."

Cathy hardly heard Tracy 's explanation. She was still trying to visualize Margaret sucking Tony's sticky cock. Eagerly sucking, according to Tracy . It was difficult to picture her doing it at all, let alone the way Tracy described it. And he was cumming in her mouth! For some reason Cathy was intrigued, excited even, at the idea of the older woman tasting Tony's ejaculate.

Cathy's mind caught up with the rest of the conversation. Tracy was meeting him to give him a blow job the day before he fucked her?

"So you go to his house one day and...?" Cathy asked. Tracy nodded. "Then back the next to get laid?"

"Yeah, that's pretty much how it works," Tracy nodded. "I don't know," she continued. "It does feel so good to get pounded by a big dick like that. I mean, I haven't had orgasms like that in years." She gave Cathy a a raised eyebrow look. "But I could do without having to, quote-unquote, pay him."

Cathy nodded, not sure what to say.

"He even insists I swallow," Tracy said. "Ugh! I don't even do that for my husband!" Cathy shrugged. She never understood why women didn't swallow. It was by far the easiest and neatest solution. And men loved it. Not knowing what else to say, told Tracy so.

"Well, that's all fine and dandy for you," Tracy said, wrinkling her face in disgust. "But I'd just as soon not have that nasty tasting stuff in my mouth at all! Like I said, the only reason I do it is because the son-of-a-bitch gets me off like the Fourth of July!"

"If you like it so much, though," Tracy said after a brief pause. "Why don't you make my payments for me?" Cathy laughed. Tracy didn't.

"No, really," Tracy said. "I don't like it and you do. I'm sure he'd let us work something out."

"Now wait a second!" Cathy cried, flustered. "I never said I was going to do anything anyway. I only said I was thinking about it! If you don't want to do it, don't! But don't expect me to do it for you!" 

"Yeah, I didn't think you meant it," Tracy said. Cathy could hear a little bit of contempt in her tone.

"Meant what?"

"That you were actually thinking about just going down on him. You made that whole bullshit story up just to get me to talk. Well, fuck you too!" Tracy stood up. Cathy hurried to intercept her.

"No, no, it's not like that!" she cried earnestly. "I'm telling you. I told Trish that my husband doesn't like me going down on him and I was disappointed, 'cause I really do get off on that. Then she tried to convince me that I should hook up with Tony. I guess she told me about you to try and make it, I don't know, seem like it was easy."

"So why won't you do it?" Tracy asked, still standing.

"I... I..." Cathy didn't think it required any explanation. She was happily married. But of course, so was Tracy . And Margaret too. Would that argument be convincing to either one of them?

"Look, just try it once," Tracy suggested, as if she were talking about a new flavor of ice cream. "If you don't want to do it again, I'll understand."

"It's not that easy!" Cathy insisted. She was about to launch into the explanation she had given Trish as to why a stranger would not work for her. But even as she opened her mouth to say it, she was wondering if she shouldn't do exactly as Tracy suggested. Try it once. See if it was like the old days.

Her brain was dismissing that idea out of hand, but her loins were not so quick to decide. There was definitely a warm tingle down there at the thought of sucking a cock again.

"I don't know," she said to Tracy with a resigned sigh. "I just can't picture it being that easy. You know?"

"Yeah, I know," Tracy said sympathetically. "I know exactly what you mean, 'cause that's pretty much how I felt at first. Now," she shrugged. "Now I want it so bad I'll suck dick to get it."

"Tell me about it," Cathy said. She didn't know what to say and she found herself curious. Why not satisfy her curiosity a bit?

"About?" Tracy asked. "About the first time?" Cathy shook her head.

"No, tell me about giving him blow jobs." Tracy made a face.

"I don't really want to talk about that," she said.

"C'mon," Cathy urged her. "That's the part you want me to do, right? And it's definitely what interests me the most!" she added with a brief laugh.

"Okay, but only because you're going to make my payment for me next week, okay?" Cathy's eyes widened in surprise, but before she could respond, Tracy began.

"I go to his apartment, usually on a Monday or Tuesday. He gets an hour for lunch and he lives close to the store, so that's usually when," Tracy said. "When I first get there, he tells me what he wants me to wear. Sometimes he wants me completely dressed, other times completely naked and other times somewhere in between. I never know until I get there and it doesn't seem to matter what I wear. Oh, and he does insist I dress nicely. No jeans or sweats or anything like that."

Cathy sat back enjoying Tracy 's story. She was visualizing it in her mind as Tracy spoke. Tracy was petite, just a little over five feet tall. She had thick dark hair that spilled down over her shoulders in gentle waves. Her face was olive complexion, her eyes round and dark brown. She had a bright white smile surrounded by full red lips. Her body was of a fairly thin build, but she had large breasts for a woman her size.

"After I undress--or don't, as the case may be--he tells me where and how. He likes to have me on my knees while he stands. That's usually what we do. And I've done him like that in every room of his apartment," she added. "Sometimes he wants to sit on the sofa and have me get between his legs. Once, he had me lay on my back, naked on his bed. He stood next to the bed and made me suck him that way, with my head turned to the side. Very uncomfortable. And he loves mirrors, so usually wherever we are, he has one set up."

Tracy paused. "That enough for you?" Cathy stared, lost in the visualization of what Tracy described. "Didn't think so. Anyway, once he's got me wearing what he wants, in the position he wants, he takes it out. He's usually only about three-quarters hard when we start. He gets pretty hard pretty quick though."

"Wow," Cathy said softly. "He really makes you suck it?"

"What do you think I'm telling you?" Tracy retorted. "Yes, he really makes me suck it. And he doesn't always want that the same way either. Sometimes he wants me to go as fast as I can. Other times he wants me to go slow and as deep as I can. He's got a big dick and I can only get about half of it in my mouth. Sometimes he grabs the back of my head and tries to push me further, but that's really about all I can take.

"Anyway, it usually takes him at least ten or fifteen minutes to cum. Once I was at it for, like, forty minutes or so and he had to get back to work. Bastard made me come back that night and finish him! My mouth and jaw were sore for days!"

"That's really all there is, I guess. I mean, he does tell me go faster, go slower. And he tells me when he's going to cum and to swallow it all." Tracy shrugged. "It's pretty nasty. The worst was when he had me take off everything but my heels and kneel in the middle of his living room. There's a sliding door out to a balcony right there. I mean, I don't think anyone could see us, or anything. But, I don't know, I guess it just made me feel so vulnerable."

Cathy could certainly understand the part about feeling vulnerable. What she couldn't tell Tracy was that that vulnerability is what made giving a blow job so incredible: on her knees with a man standing over her. Naked too, was good. It was getting Cathy turned on just imagining it. 

Tracy would never understand, so Cathy didn't try to explain. 

"So you swallow it?" Cathy asked. Tracy made a face.

"Yeah, ugh! Nasty stuff!" Her shoulders shook involuntarily. "I never swallowed for anyone else. Can you believe that?" She looked up at Cathy. "I mean, here I am, a thiry-seven year old woman swallowing the cum of a twenty-three year old kid just so he'll fuck me!"

"Okay," said Cathy suddenly. "I'll do it. But just once, okay?" She could hardly believe the words coming out of her own mouth. But Tracy 's description was making her wet. She really did miss giving head. It had always been such a fundamental part of her sex life and talking about it really drove that point home to her. At least that was how she rationalized it.

What really tipped the scales for her was Tracy 's description of how particular Tony was about how he wanted her to suck him and how bluntly he told her. He was clearly a man who would know how to appreciate Cathy's desires. And that was such a turn-on for her. She needed to be on her knees, dressed however he wanted her, begging to have that thing in her mouth. And Cathy, although she was not a woman who needed to be told to swallow, loved the idea that Tony told his women he wanted them to. And even a woman like Tracy , who hated having him cum in her mouth in the first place, did as he instructed. 

Yes, he certainly sounded like he knew what to do with a cocksucker. And that was what Cathy found herself wanting to be again.