 It's late on a Friday afternoon. I don't think anyone's left in the building. Everyone took off early to enjoy the nice spring weather. Me, however? I have work to catch up on, which explains what I'm doing at work at 5:30 on a Friday afternoon. I finally decide to call it quits for the day. I'm not caught up, far from it actually, but I've had enough. I lock up my desk, and prepare to do a walk through of the building to make sure no one is left, so I can arm the alarm when I leave. 

I walk down towards the back of the building, and see that you're still working. You must have gotten stuck with working the late shift for IT. As I pass by, you look up, and our eyes meet. I've always found you attractive, and now is no different. I walk over to your desk and say hi. You say hi back, and I perch on your desk, one foot still on the floor, angled so I'm facing you. Sitting like this causes my skirt to ride up a bit. Not enough to show anything totally inappropriate, but enough to show more thigh than usual.

We start chatting about the week, and how crazy it's been. "I just want to get home and take a nice hot bath" I say when we point out how stressful the week was. 

"A bath, huh?" you ask.

"Yup. It's the second best way to relax after a week like this." I reply.

"So if taking a bath is second best, what's the best way to relax?" Now, we've flirted before, and I know you well enough to know that you're probably picturing me in that hot bath I mentioned. I shift a little on your desk, causing my skirt to ride up just about an inch more, an idea forming in my head.

"Sex," I reply. "A nice hard fuck session followed by a nap, and then slow, leisurely sex when both parties wake up." 

"I see" you say, as you move your desk chair a little closer to me. "And why are you settling for second best?"

"Simple. No one to help me with my first choice." I smile at you, and wonder if you'll take the hint. 

"Oh you poor girl," you say, placing your hand on my knee. "I'm sure there's someone would help you out with that; isn't there?"

"The ones I know of that are willing aren't worth my time, and the one who's help I'd like is to busy working. Or at least supposed to be working," I say with a laugh. 

"Oh really? And who might that be?" you ask. I just smile at you, refusing to answer. You place your hand on my knee, as you say "Come on. You can tell me. I won't tell anyone."

I cover your hand with mine, wrapping my fingers around your hand slightly, and move you hand up a little further on my leg. "Guess," I tell you.

"I don't want to guess. Why can't you just tell me?" you ask, as you begin to massage my thigh.

"Because that would take all the fun out of it," I reply. 

I release you hand, and you slide it up a bit further on my thigh. The tips of your fingers are now just under the hem of my skirt. "But if you tell me who it is, maybe I can help." You tell me. 

I shift again on your desk, this time making it so you hand slides even farther under my skirt. I smile at you and reply "I'm sure if you put some thought into it, you'd be able to guess who it is." I feel your hand moving even farther up. I can feel myself getting wet, just with the anticipation of where your hand will end up. Suddenly, I feel your fingers brush my lips through my panties. You smile when you hear my sharp intake of breath. "Tell me who" you say.

"Nope." I respond, my words a little shaky. You apply a little more pressure on my slit, right above my clit. 

"Tell me." You say as you begin to trace the edges of my panties with your fingers. All I can think of is you sliding your fingers between my panties and my skin, and feeling how wet I am. Just as I'm thinking it, you do it. You chuckle to yourself, and again demand to know who. I just shake my head, as I don't trust myself to speak.

"Alright then. Don't tell me." You say as you pull you hand back, and break off all physical contact from me.

"That's not fair!" I say, pouting.

"Neither is the fact that you won't tell me," you reply.

"Fine, you win," I say. "It's you." You smile, and reach a hand out. I place my hand in yours, and you pull me towards you. You keep pulling until I'm straddling your lap. I can feel your erection pressing into my pussy. I take a deep, shaky breath, and say "Now what? I told you, so what do I get out of it?"

"Hmmm..." you say. "What do you get out of it?" You make a show of thinking about what my reward should be. Meanwhile though, you hands have slipped under my skirt, and are massaging my ass. "What would you like?" you ask, as you slid your hands under my panties so you can massage my ass skin to skin.

"You know what I want" I reply, trying to inch closer to press myself harder against your erection. 

"Tell me anyways. I want to hear you say it."

"You. I want you. I want to feel your hands all over my body. I want to feel your tongue on my pussy. You fingers inside me. I want you to tease me until I can't take any more. Then I want your dick inside me, filling me, making me moan and scream and beg to cum." 

You smile. "Oh, is that all?" you ask, as you grab the waistband of my panties. "Stand up." I do as I'm told, and you slide my panties, which by now are soaking wet, down my legs, and help me to step out of them. You stand up, and grab my hand. Without a word, you lead me away from you desk, and to the bench room, where all the computers are tested before they are given to end users. You unlock the door, and lead me inside. Once we're both in, you shut the door, and put a chair in front of it. While you're doing that, I walk around the small room, looking at the computers in their different states or readiness. I pause to read the project list that is posted on the back wall, and I feel, rather than hear, you come up behind me. 

You brush my hair back, and off one of my shoulders. You bend down and place a feather-light kiss on my neck. I lean back into you, giving you easier access. You continue to place light kisses on my neck, traveling from just below my ear to my collarbone. I sigh, which turns into a moan as your hand slides up under my shirt and bra, and you caress my nipple. Just as I get used to the feeling of your hand on my breast, you move your hand away. I whimper quietly, but you still hear me, and you laugh. "Relax," you tell me, and you move both hands to the hem of my shirt. You pull my shirt up and over my head and toss it on to the counter next to us. Next, you unfasten my bra, and toss that with the shirt. 

You turn me around, so I'm facing you, and bend down to suck one of my nipples into your mouth. You alternate between nipping, and soothing it with your tongue, and then switch to the other one. Back and forth you go, until I'm moaning with pleasure. Just when I'm about to beg you for release, you stand up, and kiss me passionately. I take the second it takes you to move from my nipples to my mouth to pull your shirt off. After a minute of your passionate kisses, I can't help myself. I want you inside of me. Without braking off the kiss, I reach down, and unfasten your belt. Next is the button and zipper of your pants. I push your pants down, so they bunch around your ankles. I rub your though your boxers, feeling how hard you are. I'm desperate to have you in my hand, but I want to tease you as much as you've teased me, so I keep my hand outside of your boxers. You moan against my lips, and tangle your fingers in my hair. A few seconds pass, and then I feel you tugging on my hair. 

I make you tug at my hair a few times, as if I don't know what you want, but I can't resist you. I want you in my mouth. I slowly kneel down, taking your boxers down with me. I wrap my hand around your dick, just enjoying the feel of you in my hand. Slowly, I start stroking you, making you moan. I lick the drop of precum off the tip of you, and, as much as I want to keep teasing you, I can't. I need to have you in my mouth. I slowly take your member into my mouth, starting with just the tip, tasting your precum, running my tongue around the rim; being especially careful that my tongue ring hits that very sensitive spot each time. Every time it hits, I can feel you dick twitch a little, telling me exactly how much you like it. Your fingers tighten in my hair, and I can feel you pushing my head forward. I move with your hand, enveloping your cock with my mouth, taking you as deep as you can go. I swallow, knowing you can feel the muscles of my throat working your dick, just as my tongue is. I pull back, very slowly, and then take you in again just as slow. 

I can feel you hand in my hair, urging me to go faster, which I am happy to oblige. I slowly speed up the pace at which you're moving in and out of my mouth, until you can't help but move your hips in time with my mouth, making you slam into the back of my throat. Soon, I can feel you swell, and I know you're about to cum. Just as that thought registers, you use my hair to pull me off of you. You keep a tight grip on my hair, not allowing me to suck you back into my mouth. "I'm not done with you yet," you say, breathing heavily. 

You release my hair, and help me to stand. Before I'm even fully standing, your lips are on mine, my tongue meeting yours. As passionately as you kissed me before, this kiss surpasses that one, and has a tinge of desperation in it. You pick me up, and place me on the counter. Before I'm even fully settled on the counter, you're pushing my skirt up around my waist, and I feel your dick at my entrance. I inch forward, trying to get closer to you, and give you easier access. By now, we're both so desperate for each other that I'm dripping all over the counter, and you're harder than you've ever been. You slam into me, without any warning, as deep as you can go. Over and over you slam into me, as if you can't get enough, or can't go deep enough. I can't help myself. The feeling of you inside me, finally, pushes me over the edge, and I cum hard. I coat your dick with my juices, allowing you to slide in and out even easier. I can tell you're close to losing control yourself, and know that how tight I am when I'm cumming will usually push you over the edge. 

Just when I think you're losing control, you pull out of me completely. You pull me off the counter, and roughly turn me around. You push on my upper back, to close to losing control to speak. I bend down, and support my upper body on the counter top. I feel you behind me, but I whimper. I want you inside of me, and I want it now. "Please..." I beg. You happily give in, and pound into me from behind. I feel your hands on my ass, kneading it, spreading it, and kneading it some more. I feel you lean forward, and you bite my back, again and again, but never does it interrupt the rhythm of you pounding in and out of me. You stand back up, and slap my ass. I cry out, telling you I'm about to cum again, begging you to cum with me. You slap my ass one last time, and then gently rub your hand over the quickly developing red marks. That gentle touch pushes me over the edge, and I cum even harder than before. The feeling of me squeezing you is enough to push you over the edge, and you cum with me. I feel your cum hitting my inside walls, which prolongs my orgasm. I feel like I've been cumming forever. 

Finally, we're both spent, and you lay down on top of me, without pulling out. We half stand, and half lay there for what seems like hours, but really was only minutes, catching our breath, and letting out heart rates return to normal. Finally, you stand up, and I straighten out. I turn around to look at you, and kiss you hard without saying anything Words can't describe how I feel, so why even try? You pull out your cell phone, and realize that you've been off the clock for a good half an hour. We laugh, and get dressed. I follow you back to your desk, where you lock everything up, and then we walk to the door.

To be continued... 