 This story includes First Time, Inter-racial and Incest/Taboo as well as Erotic Coupling but has so much more Erotic Coupling, I've chosen to list it that way.

         - - - - - - - - - - - - -

I'm Hawaiian. Well, half-Hawaiian. My father is half Hawaiian and half Japanese, my mother half Hawaiian and half Samoan. Even that's probably not correct since my grandparents had all been in the islands for several generations with the chance of many mixed marriages. But anyway, as far as I'm concerned I'm Hawaiian, even though I live in Southern California, Los Angeles specifically. I'm male, 6'1 tall, 180 pounds, 21 years old, about to start my junior year at university. My father came to the mainland on a swimming scholarship from USC and was an excellent swimmer, earning a number of awards, but a poor student, so he never finished college. He went back to Maui to marry my mother and bring her back and together they've built up a decent business. He started cleaning swimming pools and still does. But we're also a distributor for a number of pool supplies, with a good size warehouse, have contracts to care for a large number of pools, municipal, county, school, country club, in addition to private pools. We have several teams that carry out much of the work.My mother pretty much runs the business, my Dad has always claimed it was good to keep in touch by continuing to do the actual work of pool maintenance. But just now, my life has gone under a major change.

I swam competitively for years, starting around ten or so in clubs and continuing through high school, where I was on the school team. That kind of swimming is very demanding, time consuming and requires a huge amount of hard work. It's great for the body. I have almost no body fat. Swimming builds what I've heard described as the long muscles. So, swimmers are certainly fit but they don't have the muscle definition of body builders. In actual fact, body builders can't be great swimmers, their muscles get in the way of long, easy strokes. Starting university I dropped competitive swimming. I can't do the academic work and also maintain my peak swimming edge. It's just too time consuming. I'm still in great shape, still exercise and have not gained weight or lost fitness.Or not lost a lot of fitness, I probably have lost some, it's inevitable.

My high school was interesting. It's towards the west side of L.A. and included a wide range of people. At one end is a very upscale area. We get some students from there but many go to expensive private schools. There's a large middle-class area of private homes and parents who care a lot about their children and their homes. But there's also a large area of rental homes and then even some apartments. Some better than others although none are county projects. So we have striving students and loafing students and drop outs and almost drop outs, law abiding students and some that are questionable. Students that are encouraged at home and students that have miserable home lives.

Anyway I swam, primarily distance races. I had (and have) stamina, could last and last at a good pace. I wasn't as explosive in short distances as some others. If you'd ever been to high school swimming contests a few years ago, you'd have seen that everyone wore Speedos or some variation of minimum suits that helped cover you but didn't get in the way of sleek aerodynamics. All intended to help you slip through the water the cleanest possible. One afternoon, extending until after regular school hours, I was part of my school's team at a swimming meet at another school that had an indoor pool. I had finished my race. Won it, in fact. Just to cool down, walk it off a little, I went through a set of double doors into a hallway of the school. I meant to walk around a little and then return to watch the rest of the meet. A girl from my school, who was at the meet, I learned later, because a friend of hers swam on the team, followed me through the door a couple seconds later. She's a really beautiful girl, Amy. Tall and slim and classy. Blond, blue eyes. She comes to me and puts her hand on my bare chest.

"Danny," she said, "you have the sexiest body ever. Seeing you like this, almost naked, really turns me on." Her other hand came onto my chest also and her first hand slid down onto my stomach. "This tiny little suit is almost like a tease, making me want to see what it's hiding." Her hand slid down a little more as if it's about to go inside my brief suit.

Let me say here that at the time I was a virgin. I was old enough. Legal. I was interested. I thought about sex a lot. I looked at stuff on the internet a lot. I think I had just always been too busy, too occupied with other things demanding my time to ever get to any actual sex yet. And this girl Amy. Well, I had thought before that it was a little odd she was in our school. Her family is wealthy, or so I've heard. I would have thought she would be at some private, exclusive school. But she wasn't. The other thing was, she was a knock out. Beautiful. She never dressed to flaunt her figure, as I said earlier she always seemed classy to me. But even with what she wore you could tell she had a nice, firm butt and there was plenty of breast her clothes draped over. We knew each other, sort of. I mean we had been in the same classes and spoke to each other at times. But, truthfully, we were not in the same social circle. She was beyond me, I had always thought. Classy is how I would describe her. However, a girl I knew well once sort of snorted when I said Amy was classy and said, "You don't know her."

So here's Amy fondling my body and saying she wants to see my cock. I'm inexperienced but not a dumbbell. "Amy, there's an old saying, I'll show you mine if you'll show me yours."

Hr hand feels as if it's ready to slide inside my suit and grab my cock but it stops. "Here?" she asked. 

We're alone. The lights are half off so we're in an empty, dim, school hallway. Just on the other side of the double doors a swim meet is going on with probably a couple hundred people all together. We're right next to a door. So I grab the door handle and turn it and pull and there's a classroom. An empty classroom with a bunch of desks all lined up in rows. "How about in here" I asked.

Her face lit up. "Danny you're a wonder," she said as we both stepped in and closed the door behind us. It's fairly dark. A low level of light is coming in from the hall through windows in the door so it's not total darkness. We can see each other. In fact, later I've realized it probably added to the sexiness of it. We couldn't see all the details, perhaps the less attractive parts of each other. And it made us more of co-conspirators. "So you want to see more of me?" she asked, teasing.

"I want to do more than just see," I answered her. She got a big grin and pulled her knit top up over her head and laid it on a desk. Then she reached behind her and unfastened her bra and pulled it off her shoulders and it went onto the desk. She had gorgeous breasts. Full and firm, the nipples staring at me like eyes. But immediately she bent over a little and pulled her skirt down from her waist and stepped out of it, then still holding it grabbed the waist of a pair of pink panties and pulled them down and stepped out of them and put it all on the desk. She still had on socks and shoes but otherwise was naked. 

"Amy, you're gorgeous," I said. 

She reached for my bathing suit and started pulling on it. "My turn now," she said. I pushed on the waist some and helped her. She knelt down as she pulled it down my legs. I stepped, one foot at a time, out of it and she just tossed it to the side on the floor. She was staring right at my cock, which was very erect, then put one hand on it and sort of held it up from below. "Danny, this is what's really gorgeous," she said. I had heard about, read about, and seen on the internet that girls sucked cocks but it had never happened to me. Well, now it did. 

She took my cock into her mouth. She played with my balls, She pulled back and looked at it smiling. She jerked me off a little with her hand. But mostly she had my cock in her mouth and she sucked on it and licked it and moved her head back and forth sort of masturbating me with her lips. I could see she had a hand down between her legs. It didn't seem long to me before I was unloading what had to be my biggest and longest lasting shot of sperm into her mouth and throat. She kept sucking for awhile and then slowly pulled back and licked me some more. "Danny you're great, you lasted longer than anyone else." Then she kept staring at me as she stood up, backed up a step and sat on the edge of a desk. "Now it's your turn," she said.

I knew what to do in theory although I'd never done it. I knew she had a vagina and a clit and generally where they were and that I'm now supposed to lick them and get her into orgasm just as she had done me. But I'd never done it before. And I'm looking right at a gorgeous set of tits. I put a hand on either side of her hips and held her and leaned to her breasts and started kissing and licking. Then I got my mouth to a nipple and sucked on it. She made some small noises and did nothing to stop me. I moved to the other nipple and sucked on it. Then I felt her hand on my head. She was pushing me down. I kissed down across her stomach and actually knelt on the floor, as she had while sucking me, and got my face up between her legs. She moved her legs some, moved her whole butt, pushing it at me until I wondered if she'd fall off the desk. I felt my lips at her public hair. Sort of coarse feeling. I had to go lower. Her hands came down, both hands, with her fingers she pulled herself open more. "Right there, Danny," she said. I stuck out my tongue and pushed my whole face into her and started to lick. I could feel some with my tongue. I licked up and down. On a lick up a little I could hear a catch in her breathing, so that's a spot that gets her, I figured. I flicked my tongue back and forth. Her hands moved to the back of my head, holding me there. I licked and tried to suck whatever I could of her. "More," she said, "faster," she said. As I did that she moaned. Not real loud but I'd never heard anything just like it. If I didn't know better I would think I was hurting her. "Finger me," she said. I knew about that. I brought one hand around and up and got a finger under my chin and pushed it inside her. I pulled it out and pushed two fingers into her. I moved them around as I kept my tongue and lips moving just above. I did everything as fast as I could and pushed as hard as I could and pretty soon her bottom is jumping and I'm afraid she'll fall off the desk but I keep at her. Her legs move and are pressing on both sides of my head and her hand is pushing on the back of my head. I'm locked into her so I just keep on licking and sucking and moving my fingers and I can feel fluid hitting my fingers. It entered my mind for a moment that she was peeing but I quickly realized this was her orgasm, just as I had one earlier. 

Her legs moved apart some, her hand was still on my head but not pushing. She seemed to calm down a little. I think she even leaned back a little. I moved a hand down and could feel that my cock was hard. Well, here goes, let's see what happens. So I stood up, her legs still on either side of me. I held my cock with one hand and aimed it at where I thought her vagina opening was and pushed my hips forward. I'm not in the right place. Her hand moved down between us and grabbed my cock. She moved it so the head is rubbing back and forth on her, it seems like it's on her pubic hair, like I'm getting the head sand papered. But only for a moment and then she gets it aimed properly and as I push it slid into her. I think slid is the right word. It's tight in there. Her insides are all around my cock and in the way ahead, I have to push my way through some, but it's a lubricated, tight area and my cock actually did slide in more and more and more. I'd never felt anything like it.

"Fuck me Danny," she said. So I pull out a little and push in again and keep it up. She has her arms around me, holding me to her and makes heavy breathing sounds, sort of "ughs' with each push I make. "Harder, Danny", she said, then a couple pushes later, "Faster Danny," I'm pounding into her. "Fuck this is so great," she said. I don't know how long it takes but I just keep pounding into her and loving every bit of it and then I can feel her insides grabbing my cock and her emitting fluid and she sort of howls a little. I just keep on fucking her, I have no idea what else to do. I think I'm harder than ever, maybe a little bigger and longer than ever. Her head is next to mine, I think she's biting my shoulder. 

"Stop a second," she said. A second or so later, "You're still hard." Another second. "Pull out for a moment." So I do. She slid forward, I had to back up a step. She stood up. I could feel her naked body against mine. She put her arms around me and sort of wiggled her bottom against me. "Let's try this," she said and I can feel her turning around. She starts to lean over the desk and her butt pushed against me so I stepped back a little. "Put it back in Danny," she said. I pushed my hips forward a little and her hand is down between her legs and it grabs my cock and aims it so as I push I get right back into her again. "Fuck me some more, Danny. Hard and fast." I get my hand on her hips and start pushing into her, then in and out, then faster and faster. I think maybe I'm actually further in her now than before. She's moaning some, "ugh"ing again with each of my strokes into her. I've never done this before but I have to admit that it's great. I love the feeling involved. I can feel her insides gripping me all the time as my cock moves in her. Then I again can feel her inside doing as they did before, grabbing me tighter, sort of rippling against my cock, and then she sort of howls a little again and her hips jump some and her insides practically lock on me so I can hardly move in her and here comes fluid again. 

"Pull out, Danny," she said. I do. "God, you're still hard. Lay down on your back." I do that. She stepped across me, a foot on each side and lowered herself down onto me so she's sitting on my thighs. She lifted her body a little. Her hand grabbed my cock. "You have a great cock, Danny," she said and then got her body all lined up and I can feel myself going into her again as she sat down on me. She started moving her bottom, not up and down but more sort of back and forth. I can feel my cock moving in her. She leaneds down over me a little. "Can you see my breasts, Danny?" Well, they're right there. It's dark but not that dark. "Hold them, suck on them," she told me. I used a hand to help hold me as I did a partial sit up to get my face to her tits. With my other h and, I felt one and got my mouth to it, to taste it, lick it, then got my mouth around it and tried to swallow it, or a little bit of it, it's way to big to fit in my mouth. I sucked on her nipple. Then I got to the other one. She moaned and "ughed" and pretty soon she bounced so hard on me I couldn't keep hold of her tit. "Oh, Danny, this is something else," she said, "get a finger to my clit." I tried and I guess I succeeded to some extent although it's hard as she bounced so fast and so much, and then she's howling again and I can feel her insides grabbing me again and then I felt her juices all over me down there. 

"Shit, Danny, you're still hard. You're amazing. We have to get back with the others so we're not missed and you can't go back with a big hard on in that skimpy little suit." She lifted up and I can feel her pussy moving off me. She backed up, her butt down to about my knees and leaned forward and got her mouth to my cock. "O.k., Danny, cum for me," she said and she started licking and sucking on me. Her head bounced up and down, really working on my cock. "Oh, fuck, c'mon Danny," she said as she lifted off for a moment, and then almost swallowed me again. After a while, she lifted her mouth off again. "Well, if I have to work this hard, you've got to do something, too," she said and almost stood up and moved around. She sat back down on me, her pussy right on my face, then leaned down and got her mouth to my cock again. "Eat me Danny, make me cum," she said just before her mouth started working really forcefully on my cock. She does cum again. I think maybe her cumming on my face helps trigger me because she got another mouthful, too. 

'Danny, you're something else. We have to get together again at the cabana at our pool. I've got to experience this again. I'll see you in school tomorrow and we can arrange it."

We did go back to the swimming meet in time to watch one more race and then I went back with the team and I guess Amy went her own way. I have no idea whether anyone noticed we were gone or not but nobody said or did anything. And that was my introduction to sex. My first time. But not my last. Amy and I started to have sex regularly, always in the cabana next to her pool at home. Our regular routine was to go there when school ended. She'd go in the house so her mother would know she was home and then come back out and we'd have sex for maybe and hour, or until I finally quit being hard. 

Amy taught me a little about eating pussy. She said I was great because I liked the taste and wanted to eat her, I just needed a little technical help on what worked best. She also told me that she usually had to do things to make the guy last long enough to satisfy her but with me, she had to learn how to make the most of my lasting for so long. Then, after I'd been with Amy three times, another girl at school, Denise, propositioned me.

I've known Denise since grade school. I've always liked her, we've always gotten along together. She's funny, she's peppy. As we've grown and moved into high school, she's become the truly obvious sex symbol. She has a terrific body and she dresses to show it off. Truth is, most days, I think she looks like a hooker. But I know her and like her. I should probably also mention that she's black. Very black. Attractive as all get out in her own way. Anyway, she came up to me, "Danny, what the hell are you doing with Amy? That white girl is cold, baby. She's a bitch. And she's as selfish as she can get. What you need is to be with a hot girl, find out what real sex is like."

"Denise, are you suggesting we should have sex?"

"I didn't think I was suggesting, I was trying to tell you that you truly should. You're not going to know what real sex is until you experience it."

"We've known each other forever. Why now? What triggered this?"

"A whole bunch of reasons, Danny. To begin with, Amy thinks you're good and that's a girl that's had enough experience to be able to tell. In our yearbook she should be voted Most Likely To End Up With A Communicable Disease. So, if she says you're good, I want to experience that for myself. Second, I like you and want to save you. You need to discover that there's better sex than Amy and not get hooked by her. She's as phony as they come. She'll use you up and spit you out if you let her. I've always liked you and don't want to see you hurt. Plus, I've never had a white guy, never really wanted to. She makes it sound like you might be the best white guy possible for me and I just want to try it. In fact, what I'm suggesting is, you come home with me after school and we'll have a high time together."

So I went with her. I'll admit it was different. Even though she enjoys sex, Amy is a little cold, a little in charge. Denise lets go. She's a little wild. It's sexy with Amy. With Denise, it's still sexy but it's also fun. She cums quicker than Amy. I bet she had a dozen orgasms that first afternoon we were together. And she talks. All the time I'm eating her, she's moving, getting me to be licking or sucking wherever she wants and she's telling me, "Oh yeah, that's it Danny, right there." Then she'll sort of jump on me a little. Lots of "harder," "softer", "faster", "more". And we did positions I had never heard of. With every orgasm, she moved us to something else. Upside down, sideways, any way she can have my cock in her pussy or her mouth. We even did anal, she loved it in her ass. And she loves to suck cock. She'll pull out of fucking and suck it for a moment before getting it back in her again. Whatever she was trying to prove, she did. I told her I'm willing to be with her any time. So we started meeting at least every week. 
