 The reader should have perused Woman in the Window and Woman in the Window 2 to understand the following since it is a direct continuation.

* * * * *

The following weekend, other than for meals, Mavis and I spent in bed, fucking and sleeping. We were sexually insatiable. The highlight of that long session was when Mavis asked me to fuck her 'little' hole. She brought a small jar of Vaseline from her bathroom and, dipping one finger into the greasy substance, proceeded to lubricate first, my cock, then her ass-hole thoroughly, ending by pushing first one, then two fingers into the small orifice. She seemed to really turn herself on for, as I watched, her eyes closed and she began breathing heavily as she finger-fucked her ass. 

After a few minutes of this self pleasuring, Mavis piled our pillows in the middle of the bed, then, on her knees, bent over them, her ass in the air, her face flat on the bed. "Do it, Kevin,

do it now," and on my knees behind her, aimed my cock at her now not so little hole. As I pressed the purple head of my cock to her, she pushed back and half of my rod was quickly inside. She began moaning softly, "Ohh..oohh..uuunnnh," then,

"Oh, Kevin, that feels so good. Does it make you feel good too?"

"Uh huh," I grunted and slowly withdrew all but the head of my prick before again pushing all the way in. It felt so different from fucking her cunt.

Mavis began rubbing her clit with one hand while finger-fucking herself with two fingers of her other hand. Through the thin membrane that separated her love tunnel from her bowel, I could feel those two fingers and that served to heighten

the pleasurable feeling on my cock. She kept pushing back against me, seemingly trying to get me deeper. We fucked nice and slow and I found that fucking her ass was extremely exciting.

After several minutes, she suddenly blurted out, "Do it, Kevin, fuck me hard, oh god, I'm gonna cum...FUCK ME, FUCK ME HARD," and I started ramming into her as hard and fast as I could. "DO 

IT NOW, OH DADDY, DADDY, I'M CUMMING, FUCK ME, FUCK ME!" Her body stiffened and as she strained, her ass clamped down on the shaft of my prick like a vise. "Oh god...oh god...oh god," she sobbed over and over.

Just as my prick was becoming painful, her orgasm was over and she began to relax. "Jeezus, Kevin, that was wonderful. I never came like that when Daddy fucked my little hole. You make everything so good for me."

"Good," I replied. "Now I've got to get off too," and I began pumping her ass again. It felt so good to me and my fucking became furious as I drove my cock in and out of her ass as fast as I could, my thighs slapping loudly on her ass cheeks. Finally, after what seemed an interminably long time, I felt me release building. "I'm gon..nna...cum...Mavis...

I'm...gon...na...cum...Oh...god...Here it is NOW!"

With that, my cock was throbbing in her ass as I pumped my hot jism into her bowels.

My body was covered with sweat from all my exertions and I needed to get off my knees. As I pulled my now limp cock from her, a few drops of my white cream dribbled out before her 'little' hole closed tight again. Then I was laying flat on my back and she stretched out, laying her head on my chest. "God, Kevin, but we're good together."

After that, we slept soundly the rest of the night. I had to regain some strength for I had to go to work in the morning. As it was, my boss took one look at my red eyes and gaunt face and laughed. "Boy, you must have had some weekend kid. Think you'll be able to make it through the day?" I grinned back at him, "I had to come to work to get some rest," I replied. "Just don't let me catch you sleeping on the job," was all he said.

I put in my eight hours and when I got back to Mavis' house, she had a light dinner for us and then we watched TV until about nine-thirty, then went to bed to sleep. We were both pretty well fucked out from the weekend.

Tuesday morning, when I reported for work, the boss remarked that I looked 'a helluva lot better' than I had on Monday. "That's what a restful eight hours on the job can do for you," I replied, and we both laughed. "Good," he said, "We're running a little late on a couple of jobs. Think you can get more rest with some overtime tonight?"

"Sure," I replied, "No trouble"

The overtime at time-and-a-half, would put a little more money in my bank account for college. Then, during lunch break, I called Mavis to tell her about my working late and she said she'd bring me a sandwich and some soup for my dinner break. "We've got to keep you strong, baby, I'm beginning to get horny again."

And horny she was. When I got home later that night, she greeted me at the front door, wearing only her bare skin. Her tits looked marvelous with those puffy nipples already hard and distended. My now rested cock jumped to attention in my jeans, looking for release. I pulled my pants zipper down and pulled it out as we went up the stairs.

As I sat on the edge of the bed, removing my shoes and socks, Mavis lay there watching me, all the while stroking her pussy. When I was finally naked, I lay down beside her, stroking my cock. A clear drop of precum oozed up and Mavis touched it with the tip of one finger, then sucked it off her finger. "Uummm, you taste nice," as another drop appeared. "I'm going to do something I never did with Daddy, I'm going to suck your penis."

"Mavis," I said, "It's my prick, call it a prick. We don't call your pussy a vagina, we call it a pussy or a cunt." 

She grinned at me. "Okay, I'm gonna suck your..a...prick."

When she leaned over me, she stuck out her tongue to lift that second drop of precum, then took the purple head between her lips. My hips jerked upwards, involuntarily, forcing my prick further into her mouth. I felt her tongue swirl around the sensitive head as she slowly began stroking up and down my shaft. "Jeezus, Mavis, that feels wonderful," I sobbed as she continued ministering to my cock. It wssn't going to take long, the sight of her head bobbing up and down on my prick only built the excitment I was already feeling.

"I'm gonna cum, Love, I'm gonna cum." She witdrew from my cock and, looking at me with a smile, said, "Cum for me then. Cum in my mouth so I can taste you," then, returning to my cock, began rubbing my shaft faster and faster. That set me off as I felt the first wonderful contractions begin, I strained upwards, trying to bury my entire cock in her mouth. "I'm cumming, Mavis, OH GOD, HERE IT COMES! OH GOD, OH GOD," and I exploded. She gagged slightly as the first spurt erupted, then swallowed as fast as she could as I continued to pum my jism into her throat. As I watched, some of my white creamy cum escaped her lips and dribbled down her chin as she continued to stroke and suck my prick, trying to get more from me.

When it became apparent that she had all I could give, she rose up on her haunches, wiping the cum off her chin, then licking her fingers clean."Uummm, Love, you DO taste good!" With that she returned to lay beside me and snuggled into the crook of my arm. "Did you like that, Kevin? Was it good?"

"Wow, Mavis, that was amazing! I've dreamed about something like that but never dreamed it would happen to me. It was great."

We lay there for several minutes while as I recovered my breath, I turned to her and said, "Now, don't you thing that turn about is fair play/" She gave a girlish giggle. "You mean you want to eat my...a....cunt, Lover?" My answer was to move between her shapely legs which quickly spread wide for me. She reached down and simultaneously spread her outer lips and pulled the hood from her clit. As I watched, a trickle of her love honey oozed from her fuck hole. I dipped my head and licked the tasty syrup into my mouth. "My clit, Kevin, suck my clit and make me cum, I need to cum." I moved towards the little pink button and touched it with the tip of my tongue. She gasped and her hips thrust her pussy against my face. "Suck it, dear, suck it." I circled it with my lips and gently sucked, keeping my tongue still teasing it. "Yes, oh yes..

oh yes," she gasped and her hips thrust even more violently against my face as he breathing became more and more ragged and her body began swinging about. "Yes..love..oh..yes..that..fee..els..so..

good! Put your finger in me." Her juices were really flowing as I pressed two fingers into her cunt, making a squishing sound as I fucked her with them. Looking up over her belly, she had thrown her head back and was pinching and pulling those glorious nipples in ecstasy. She began making guttural grunts deep in her throat, Uunnghh...unnngghh," To speed her towards her orgasm, I pushed a finger into her puckered ass-hole and that brought an immediate response; her body jerked upwards so that only her shoulders were on the bed and she let out a loud wail. "OOOOHHH, YES...YESS, OH GOD, YES!"

I stroked my fingers in and out of her cunt and ass faster and faster until she began to cum. "I'M CUMMING, KEVIN, OH JEEZUS, I'M CUMMING, DON'T STOP, OH GOD, DON'T STOP!" she cried. I felt her hands on my head as she forced me even tighter to her pussy as she violently fucked my face. Both her cunt and her ass were convulsing on my fingers as she orgasmed again and again in one seemingly long climax. Then after almost five minutes, her body slowly began to relax as she came down from high. She was breathing hard as she pushed me away. I moved back up beside her and she turned her face towards me, and, pulling me to her, kissed me most passionately. Then, "God, Kevin, what you do to me...what you do FOR me. I just feel so wonderful."

"No, Mavis, it's what we do for each other. You are the most wonderful thing that could ever happen to me and I truly love you." We rained kisses on each other for several minutes then she turned onto her side and snuggled her backside to me and we went to sleep with my right hand cupping one of her beautiful tits.