 © Sven the Elder - February 2011

The bed dipped and then recovered just a little as Maureen, the lady of the house got out and very quietly left the bedroom I was sleeping in. 

'Sleeping?' 

Some euphemism for the last hour of wet and sensual sex we had been engaged in. Maureen had tried her damnedest to wear me out, but I think I had managed to slightly better her efforts. Now I was lying, feeling more than a little worn out in the darkness of the strange bedroom, luxuriating in the memory of her delightful body. 

A floorboard creaked almost out of hearing range and then I felt the bed dip again as a warm body got back in. Except this body was different and in the same instant that I realised the difference, I also smelt the subtle perfume that Sally, Maureen's daughter had been wearing. Before I could say anything a finger was laid across my lips, bidding me to say nothing. I felt Sally lay her naked body half against me, one leg over mine, the hairs of her centre moist and wiry as she ground her pussy into my thigh, her full breasts squashed against my chest. Nipples pebble hard in arousal. She moved mor on top her legs trapping my no longer flaccid cock into the opening crevice of her sex.

"Jeez! I though mother would never leave."

-------------------

Maybe I ought to step back and recap...

I am now retired and so my time is my own. I have in the past been known to help out from time to time in the various Pubs it's been my pleasure to have used as my watering holes over the years. So I'm not a complete stranger to either side of a bar then. 

Even though it was no longer my local I still used to occasionally drop back to one of my old haunts, 'The Purple Cock.' Yes, it really is called that, but we won't go there.

I used it often enough at one time to know that although there was what appeared to be a normal family running the place, that in fact the husband and wife team, were nothing of the kind - they had the same names, but by coincidence and convenience only. But they had been together a long time - their daughter Sally really was their daughter though at the time I'm now writing about Tom had decided to leave for pastures anew. Lord only knows why. Maureen - Mo to her friends - certainly looked after him well enough. I had noted though that the Pub licensee was Mo, it was not a joint arrangement. Maybe she had an inkling of his future behaviour at some time in the past. No matter, I'd had a phone call from Mo asking if I could help out a bit behind the bar.

There was a busy weekend coming off in the village and she needed to make the most of it and Tom's absence was more than a nuisance.

So I'd happily said yes - the prospect of Mo's company and cooking coupled with the now adult Sally's banter and cheek were a prospect to look forward to. The fact that mother and daughter were both very pretty women was no hardship either. I was not ready for what did happen that night though. 

It was, as expected a long day and a longer evening. As with a lot of village Pubs though, at least we shut at 11pm. The three of us along with a couple of other local girls, who brought out the food to folks, cleared the pub of debris. It may look dreadful at first sight, but if you're used to it it's quite extraordinary how quickly it can be done. Mo was kind enough to say that 35 minutes was a record though. Rather than drive home Mo had made me stay and I had one of the Pub's guest bedrooms which was really very nice and was complete with an en-suite. 

It had been a little before midnight when I dried myself off after my shower and turned the lights off. I hadn't bothered to put the bedroom lights on or pull the curtains as being in the countryside we weren't overlooked and in any case there was a full, Hunter's Moon, that night. The bed was in darkness though, and as I got in I almost wet myself when I encountered a warm, naked female body waiting for me. 

"Took yer time then." 

"Christ, Mo," I responded, "you might have given me a heart attack my lovelies."

At that point her hands found my cock and it responded. Oh Lord did it respond.

Hot hands plus lips and a tongue have always had that effect on me. Even though I'm now old enough to be retired I'm not dead and the few seconds that followed my discovery I'm happy to say proved the point. Perhaps it was the low cut dress that Mo had been wearing that evening - works wonders for sales she's told me in the past - whatever? I was hard as nails almost indecently quickly.

"Likes what he's found then?"

"God Mo," I stuttered, "don't do too much of that or it's going to get messy quite quickly." 

'That' was treating the end of my dick like an ice-cream cone. God she had a great action. Before a disaster occurred I made her stop and started to pay her some attention myself. Kissing her mouth I could taste my precum that I must be almost squirting given the obvious taste. She didn't seem in the slightest bothered by it and as far as I'm concerned it tastes so much like the female equivalent that neither am I. 

I moved down to her breasts which proved to be every bit as wonderful as the scarcely hidden view I'd been treated to all evening. 

My cock got harder!

Mo's breasts were sensitive, actually given her moans of delight they were ultra-sensitive and her pussy was now flooding with juice - God I love the scent of aroused woman. 

I also love the taste. Did I mention my Cock got harder?

I know she enjoyed what I was doing, she was winding my hair in her fingers to the extent I feared I would have bald patches if she wasn't careful. Her thighs clamped around my head as the first of a number of the evening's orgasms arrived without any further warning. I was tickling her clit with my tongue at the time which just might have had something to do with it I suppose. Even so I almost drowned in the flood she produced. 

Eventually I rolled on my back and she climbed on top sliding me into her in one hit - breathtaking!

She gasped as I burrowed deep, deep inside lining up with and easing into her cervix. Then she eased back off me until just the crown of the head was in her entrance and slowly, deeply slid back down until I was all the way in. By this time she was astride me and squatting down so with her knees by her shoulders I was buried far inside. She bounced easily on me with sensational feelings but so much lubrication that we could keep going without my coming. Her breasts moving in the moonlight were magnificent to watch. Great inspiration all on their own.

After a few minutes I rolled Mo onto her back whilst still inside. Now I put her legs over my shoulders and fucked deep and hard into her. She was almost whining with pleasure and sensory overload, clamping down on me each time she came yet again. Such was the stimulation that when I finally got there I think my toenails came out the end of my cock. At my age the experience was mind blowing. Between us the bath sheet we had under us was damp to say the least.

We gradually got our racing hearts and breathing down to a more normal level for the senior citizens we were. Mo decided that she needed a bathroom break and that it might anyway be better that we were not together when people started moving around in the morning. So we kissed and cuddled for a few minutes more before she gathered up one very wet towel and went to her own bedroom on the other side of the building.

Which is when, shortly afterwards, Sally complete with fresh towel for damp proofing had arrived and slid into bed with me.

Draping herself onto me she muttered: "Jeez! I though mother would never leave."

"Christ Sally, If you heard us how the hell do you think at sixty six years old I'm going to raise much more than my eyebrows?" 

She giggled: "if you can stay awake we'll give it a go."

Then she turned round and kissed her way down to the somewhat shrivelled thing that not long ago anyone would have been proud to call a cock. Just at that point I think it's safe to say that sexual penetration was not high on its list of priorities. Going to sleep and survival until the next morning might well have been more important to both my cock and I. 

Sally thought otherwise. 

Did I mention that Sally's other career was in nursing? 

Sally was a nurse. 

No. 

Sally was a good, well experienced Staff Nurse, or whatever the modern day equivalent was. She also knew how to get me hard again. She knew how to get me hard again quickly and it didn't matter that he ached. 

God, I was going to walk like a cowboy in the morning. 

Now she swivelled her legs round and lay her body on top of mine with her soaking pussy above my mouth, dripping nectar on me. All I had to do was pull her beautifully proportioned ass downwards which allowed me to clamp my mouth round her slit. The taste as I swiped my tongue up and into her was delicious. When I licked and sucked on her clit she hummed and groaned round my cock so that I feared I might come there and then. I wasn't helped when with the lubrication that was still about she slipped a finger up my rear and massaged my prostate. My danger levels rose to the point where even Sally with all that I was doing at my end realised and so for the second time in an hour a sensationally proportioned, female with breasts that will be in my mind for a very long time, climbed aboard and sank down on me. 

I think I died and went to heaven that night. Sally's internal muscle control was exquisite. If her mother Mo was so good in bed then somehow she'd taught Sally to be so as well. Maybe it was in the genes? Who knows, I don't and in any case you can ponder these things too long.

This time I was content to let Sally do the work as given my previous earlier times fucking her mother this was going to take a little longer for me to climax. Gently, little by little we could both feel the tension of the impending orgasm approaching and it was almost unbearable when it burst upon us. Sally collapsed onto my chest with my cock still inside her, half hard, half trapped and seemingly unwilling or unable to shrink smaller.

We pulled the comforter over us and my intention was to doze before Sally eventually went back to her own bed.

However I woke to Sally's pussy rhythmically squeezing on my once again hard cock. 

Well actually it was the morning sunlight that helped a bit as well. 

Oh! And Mo stood at the bottom of the bed giggling at my discomfort at being caught.

"I don't know, I come in here with a mug of coffee to help you wake up, and find my lover and daughter well and truly connected while they fuck the blue hell out of each other."

Sally looked over her shoulder at her mother and without breaking her rhythm said, "For an 'oldie' he's really rather good isn't he. Now Tom's gone can we keep him do you think?"

I think between them they want to kill me and steal my insurance money. They might just succeed, but the mortician will never get the smile off my face...

© Sven the Elder

February 2011