 Here I was again. Sitting alone in my living room with only the TV for company. I start to mull over how nice it would be to have someone here. A man. To feel his touch. God it had been so long since I'd been touched by a man. Had been touched like I'd been wanted! I pour myself another large glass of red and settle back on my sofa, accepting that this would be another lonely Saturday night. 

That was until there was a thundering knock at the door, something else that hadn't happened in a while. It made me jolt in my seat causing me to spill my generous helping of red down the front of my white blouse.

"For fuck sake" I cursed to myself, feverishly mopping at the stain whilst making my way to the door. I peer through the spy hole to check who it is. "Why is he back so soon?" I think as I open the door for my visitor.

"Sorry to disturb you again so soon, but I think I left my phone here" he explains whilst eyeing my newly stained blouse with confusion.

"Oh, OK, you better come in and look for it, but I haven't seen it."

"Thanks" he replies as he busies himself with looking through cushions and under furniture while I close the door behind him. "It's like it's disappeared into thin air!" he exclaims in frustration from underneath the kitchen table.

"Shall I ring it on the house phone and we'll see if we can find it?"

"Yes that would be great. What happened to your blouse by the way?" he enquires as I make my way across the living room to the phone.

"Oh you did that, startled me with your caveman –style knocking." I chuckle to show there are no hard feelings as the last thing I wanted was to drive human company away so quickly. Number dialled, the sound of an old school monophonic ringtone fills the room. I pause trying to work out its origin when I find myself staring at this man. It's coming from his pocket.

"It's in your pocket you idiot" I chuckle pointing a finger at his crotch when he starts to take long meaningful steps towards me. Walking like a man with a purpose. Unbuttoning and removing his shirt as he did. Letting it drop to the floor. 

"I knew it was in my pocket. I knew this whole time. I just needed and excuse to come back."

I feel myself flush and my breath becoming shallower with anticipation. He stands inches away from me and reaches to remove the phone from my hand. 

"You didn't need an excuse" I say in little more than a whisper, staring deep into his dark blue eyes. He takes another stride forward that pins me to the wall with his body. His hand reaches to caress my face and run his fingers through my tangle of brown curls before placing it at the nape of my neck.

"Then why did you let me leave?" he says with a grin starting to spread across his face. Before I have chance to even offer an answer he pulls me towards me and kisses me hard and deep on the lips. I feel my body become limp in his grip and melt into his kiss. He slips his other hand around my waist closing any gap between our bodies. His lips move from mine to my neck where he kisses lightly making his way up to my earlobe which he nips playfully before whispering;

"I'm going to fuck you tonight."

Another sharp intake of breath escapes from my mouth. I can already feel myself getting wetter and his cock that is pressing against my stomach getting harder. He fumbles with the buttons on my shirt before he gives up and just tears it open. Tossing it over his shoulder once it has been removed. I fumble with his belt and trouser buttons. My hands shaking until they drop to the floor. His belt clinking against the tiled floor. I place my arms around his neck pulling him to my lips once more as he wraps his arms around my rear and lifts me up. I wrap my legs around his waist, feeling his dick through the thin layer of fabric of his underwear, now rock hard.

He places me on the sofa and climbs on top of me. He starts to make his way down my body. Kissing every inch and occasionally a playful nip with his teeth. He skilfully removes underwear, tights and skirt in one go before kissing and licking my inner thighs driving me wild. I feel is hot breath on my clit keeping me in suspense for just a few seconds longer until I feel the very tip of his tongue flick over my clit. Licking the length of my pussy and teasing my clit sucking and licking faster and faster. He runs a hand up my body and cups one of my breasts and squeezes firmly. I feel his lips starting to make their way back up my body retracing their earlier steps, then we are face to face once again. He pauses to swiftly remove his Calvin Klein briefs then slips both arms underneath me and pulls me up towards him until I am straddling him and he lies back, taking every inch of me in with his eyes. I lean forward to kiss his chest. It was time to return the favour. I start to kiss and lick my way down his body until I reach his cock. Rock hard and impressive. I run my tongue the length of his shaft and run it in circles around the tip. Flicking my eyes up to see him with eyes shut and breathing heavily. He gently places a hand on the back of my head and pushes down. I take him all in until I can feel him at the back of my throat. I thrust faster and faster cupping his balls as I did hearing him moan with pleasure until he grabs my hair and pulls me up to face him.

"Take it off." He commands, nodding his head towards my bra. I do so immediately. 

He grabs both of my buttocks and lifts me up to allow him to position me above his throbbing erection. 

I slowly lower myself down onto him, taking just the tip of his cock in, holding it there for a few seconds, teasing him as he had teased me. Then I slowly lower myself down onto him. Taking every inch of his impressive length. I take a gasp as I feel it brush my g-spot. Once all the way down I start to rock my hips back and forth. Slowly at first, gathering speed as I feel my pussy starting to clench around his dick the closer I got to climax. My breathing getting faster and faster. But just when I was starting to get close he wraps his arms around me once more pulling me close to him and he growls; 

"Go to the table, and bend over. You bad girl."

Reluctantly I lift myself off him and make my way over to the table and bend over, placing my forearms out in front of me. I hear him coming up behind me, his bare feet slapping on the cold tiles of the open plan kitchen. Then his hands grab both of my hips. Hard. Sinking his fingertips into my flesh. I feel a sharp stinging pain as he takes a hand and spanks me hard, over and over.

"Bet you like that don't you?!"

"Yes" I whimper

"Bad girls need to be spanked. Have you been a bad girl?"

"Yes" I say. A smile spreading across my face. Another sharp pain as he delivers another.

I feel the tip of his cock slide into me once more. Feeling every inch enter me again. Using his hands to pull me back on to him. He starts to thrust hard and slow getting faster and faster. The sound of flesh on flesh echoed around the room. I could feel my body start to flush as he pounded me from behind. He reached up and grabbed a handful of my hair forcing me to lift myself up so he could reach around and rub my clit and tweak my nipples, running his hands over every inch of my body. I could feel myself getting closer and closer to climax. I felt red hot and I could tell by his rapid breathing he was close to blowing his load too. He released my hair and resumed his grip on my hips and pulled me even harder and faster than before for the final push. Finally I felt my entire body spasm and my pussy tighten and pulsate round his cock. With a final thrust I felt his cock start to throb hard inside me, and a warmth as he filled me with his cum. He collapsed forward placing his hands on the edge of the table and kissed gently between my shoulder blades. 

"That was amazing." He said breathlessly. 

"Yeah it was" I said just as breathlessly as he pulled out. I turned to watch him pad off to the bathroom and let a big smile spread across my face. 

I finally felt alive again.