 CHAPTER FOUR -- MORE OF THE OTHER GIRLS

Author's note: Based on reader feedback and requests, I decided to write a series of stories that are based on women that I have had sex with in the course of my lifetime. This period would normally cover my high school senior year 1959 and the years in the Marine Corps (1959-1963) up to the current day. I will not cover every encounter since by my count I have had sex with almost 50 different women starting back in 1959. I will select my best encounters and I will write about them randomly rather than in chronological order. I will not include any of my bi-sexual experiences when I let men suck my cock or when I fucked them in the ass.

These encounters will include anal sex, oral sex, vaginal sex and infidelity. There is also some bi-sexuality between women and some group sex. If this is not to your liking then I recommend that you not read the stories. This is a period when people slept around and condoms were rarely used. People began to cool it around the mid-1980s when the threat of AIDS became serious. Guys that slept around were called studs and unfortunately if girls slept around they were called sluts. I never agreed with that because I felt a girl had every right to have an occasional roll in the hay as any guy did. 

A few of my stories about certain women are already on the Literotica site and I will touch briefly on those encounters. I will begin with 1970 since many of my encounters, in high school, the Marine Corps and my life between 1963 and 1970, I used in writing other stories already posted on Literotica. Each chapter will be named for a girl or group of girls and it will be based, and I emphasize the word based, on real experiences but the names will be changed and the sexual encounters will be embellished for readership. Some of my previous stories that are on the Literotica site are based on some actual experiences, these include; Capri an Isle of Love; An Affair to Remember, Thanks for the Memories and MILF and Did. I know that many readers do not believe authors when they speak about writing of their experiences but I will leave that interpretation up to the individual reader. Others who read this may call me a womanizer or male chauvinist pig. What ever you think while reading the stories the fact is that is the way it was at that time at least in the circle of people that I hung out with. We had sex, we had fun and no one got hurt. I hope that you enjoy this work for literotica. As always all characters are 18 years old and older.

INTRODUCTION

In this chapter you will meet a couple of Corporate Groupies Lee and Betsy. Also you will meet Carmen who I met in Chicago.

BETSY

I met Betsy at a party one evening and I ended up giving her a ride home. Russ had told me that he fucked her once and she was pretty hot in bed. You wouldn't know it looking at Betsy as she was fairly plain. She had a thin straight line figure that wasn't anything special but she did have nice medium sized firm tits and a very flat tummy. She had light brown hair that she kept short as it was somewhat wiry and coarse. She hated her hair but she did the best with it.

We arrived at her apartment complex and parked. I kissed Betsy and she kissed me back. I took her in my arms and rubbed her tits through her blouse as I kissed her. I could tell that she was getting turned on but at the same time she was fighting it. I reached for her knee and slid my hand up under her skirt. She clamped her legs together and grabbed my arm with her hand. 

"No don't do that, please, we just met," she told me.

I persisted in kissing her and rubbing her tits through her blouse and bra. When I was convinced she was relaxed again I went for her pussy. Again she stopped me and scolded me for not listening to her.

"I told you no, now please stop trying to get your hand under my skirt," she snapped and then said, "It's time for me to go anyway. Thanks for the ride home."

"I'll walk you to your apartment," I said more as a statement then an offer.

"That's not necessary, I'll be fine," she replied.

Betsy got out of the car and I did too. In spite of her reluctance I walked her to the apartment. I was convinced that if I could get inside her place then I would score with her. Betsy opened her apartment door and I grabbed her and kissed her again. I walked her inside as I held her and kissed her and I kicked the door closed with my foot. I steered Betsy over to the sofa as I continued to embrace her and kiss her.

I sat down on the sofa pulling Betsy with me as I continued to kiss her. Once again I ran my hand ran over her blouse and fondled her tits. Betty groaned in my mouth and I knew that I was getting to her. I pulled her blouse out of her slacks and unbuttoned it. Even though she continued to protest I unbuttoned her blouse and removed it from her. Then I rubbed her tits through her bra.

Betsy pulled away from me and said, "Now that's as far as you go. I can't believe I even let you in here. I want you to leave."

My response was to take her back in my arms and kiss her. Once again she responded but I could tell she was going to fight the seduction all the way. I reached behind her and with one hand I unclasped her bra. Betsy was surprised that I could unhook it with one hand. I slipped the bra off her arms and than I fondled her firm tits as I continued to kiss her. I tried to move my mouth down to her tits but she pushed me away. Betsy jumped to her feet and I watched her cute firm tits bobble as she did.

"Now that is enough. I told you weren't coming in my apartment and I can't believe I let you. Then you managed to get my blouse and bra off and I can't believe I let you do that either. Now please leave," she said quite firmly. 

Betsy then went into her bedroom and closed and locked the door. I knew then that it was time to leave. I left her apartment and made my way back to my car. I was disappointed and my ego had taken a blow. I got in the car and drove home thinking about what Russ had said about Betsy being hot in bed. I assumed that I would never find out.

A couple of weeks later a bunch of us went to the track. I loved to bet the ponies and usually did okay. This night I didn't cash a ticket until the last race. Every horse I picked finished just out of the money. In the last race I picked two long shots because of their names and damned if they didn't finish first and second. After the track we returned to one of our watering holes PJ's Pub. I bought the first round of drinks with part of my winnings.

That night as people headed home I found myself with Betsy again. She meekly asked me for a ride home since the guy that had brought her had already split. I agreed to take her home. When we arrived I did not try to put the moves on her this time and I was surprised that she invited me up to her pad for a nightcap. I accepted and walked her to the apartment. Once inside she got me a beer and then we sat on the sofa together.

I sit my beer down on the table and turned to Betsy. I took her in my arms and kissed her. This time I felt no resistance and I caressed her tits again through her blouse. I pulled her blouse out of her slacks and reached behind her and unhooked her bra. Betsy groaned into my mouth and I felt her relax under my caresses. I eased her back on the sofa and pushed her bra and blouse up over her tits. I moved my mouth down to her tits waiting for Betsy to stop as she did last time. But this time she didn't resist but instead caressed my hair as I sucked on her tits and nipples.

I moved my mouth down to her flat belly and kissed her lightly. There was still no resistance from her so I slipped my hand under her slacks and panties and cupped her pussy. She was sopping wet and I slipped one finger into her pussy. Then I removed my hand and I peeled the slacks down her hips. All the while I was still waiting for that moment when Betsy would stop me but that moment never came. 

I pulled her slacks and panties off at the same time and tossed them on the floor. I then opened Betsy's legs and placed my mouth on her pussy. She held my head gently in her hands and moaned as my tongue wormed its way into her pussy. I sought out her clit and found it to be rock hard like my dick. Betsy's pussy was dripping with desire and my face was soaked with her love juice. Betsy didn't just climax but she had a string of orgasm that ran together. Her body leaped, trembled and shivered as one orgasm after the other hit her. She squeezed my head between her legs when she came and held my face to her womb. The she sighed and stopped moving. She relaxed her grip on my head and her legs sag on my shoulders.

I sat up with my face sopping wet from her cum and I reached up and unbuttoned her blouse. I took her blouse and bra off and tossed them on the floor next to her slacks and panties. Then I stood up and lifted Betty up in my arms. I carried her into her bedroom and placed her on her bed. She watched me intently as I undressed. As I approached her on the bed her eyes dropped to my erect cock. I got on the bed between her legs and I slipped hard cock into her wet pussy. It was a good thing that she was still wet as it was a tight fit. Betsy moaned as my cock slid into her pussy and over her hard clit. I began a slow fucking motion and before long the two of us were fucking like crazy. Betsy went wild with my cock in her and now I knew what Russ had meant.

I was so caught up in the physical aspect of our fucking that my ejaculation snuck up on me. I shot a barrage of cum into her pussy but I kept right on fucking her bringing her to more orgasms as well. My cock stayed hard and I knew that I would be able to keep fucking her until I came again. I pounded her pussy and Betsy threw her hips up at me matching me thrust for thrust. Our bodies were dripping wet with sweat and cum as we fucked like animals. 

I felt cum building in my balls this time and I knew that I would short soon. Then I felt my balls tighten and the semen traveled from my scrotum through my cock and shot into Betsy's womb. Betsy clamped her legs around my torso and pulled me to her with her arms as she humped me with every bit of her energy. Her body stiffened as she held me tight and she cried out in ecstasy. I collapsed on top of her and we stayed in that position for several minutes. We didn't speak we just remained still and recovered from our mind blowing sex. Not wanting to crush her I rolled off of her and lay by her side. My wet cock slipped from her cunt and dragged over her hip leaving a trail of commingled juices.

"Oh my, that was incredible. I knew you would be a good lover," Betsy sighed.

"I would say that you held your own. You are a very hot lady," I countered.

"Can you stay the night?" she asked.

"Not really I am catching a flight to Chicago in the early morning, sorry!" I answered.

"I understand, another time then," she said.

"You can count on it," I confirmed and then asked, "Do you mind if I shower before I leave?"

"No not at all. I'll get you some clean towels," she offered and then got out of the bed. 

I watched her naked form as she moved. She was not the prettiest woman that I ever fucked nor did she have the best figure. But Betsy was one hot fuck. I got out of bed, showered dressed and kissed Betsy good bye. I left her lying naked in her bed and I thought about her as I drove home and again on my morning flight to Chicago that morning.

LEE

Lee was on the project team that I was heading up at our Chicago office. She was on the same flight with me that morning and we shared a rental car for that week. Lee and I had sex a few times since she joined the company. She was also banging another married guy named Gary who used to work for us. In fact the first time Lee and I had sex at her place she told me that I had to leave before 6:00 AM the next morning because Gary stopped by on his way to work.

Lee was about 5'3" with short black hair. She looked tom-boyish in a way except for her big tits. Lee's tits looked oversized on her petite body. She had an athletic appearance as her body was more straight lined than curvy. Nonetheless Lee was a god fuck and gave great head. I had slept with Lee a total of three times before the Chicago project. Now in Chicago I would have more time with her if I wanted.

One evening Lee and I had dinner at my favorite steak house in Chicago. Afterwards we adjourned to my room for a nightcap and before long we were naked and in bed. Lee was a tender lover as she preferred the missionary position and welcomed me into her body. Lee loved the way my cock felt in her pussy and she would always cum quickly after I entered her. Lee would have several orgasms before I came and then she would suck my cock to get me hard again. This night as I knelt over her body she looked like a female dog in a submissive position as she was on her back with her legs bent and spread with her arms off to the side. She had a wanton look on her face as she beamed with desire.

I eased my cock into her and as expected she orgasmed within minutes. I kept right on fucking her through multiple orgasms and then I felt my own ejaculation building within me. My body stiffened and I fired rounds of cum into her quim. Lee loved the feeling of the warm milky seed coating her vaginal chamber. She gasped when she felt the force of the ejaculation. Lee used her talented vaginal muscles to milk my cock dry and then I pulled out and flopped down next to her.

Lee immediately covered my cock with her mouth and sucked it clean of our combined juices. She kept sucking me until I was hard again and straddled my cock and lowered her pussy on it. Lee fucked her self on my cock as I reached up and played with her fantastic tits. She loved to have her tits fondled and her nipples twirled in my fingers. Lee had several more orgasms before she collapsed on my chest. I held her in place and I kept fucking her until I came again.

Lee stayed in my room that night as she loved to fuck in the morning. She particularly looked forward to me fucking her with my morning piss hard-on. Lee would cum and cum until she finally begged me to stop. Then I pulled out of her and went into the bathroom to take my morning piss. Lee would then join me in the shower and suck me off until I came. Lee loved to watch me shoot so when I told her I was close she took my cock out of her mouth and jerked me off. She aimed my cock at her big tits and watched as cum flew out of my cock and covered her tits. The shower water washed the semen away quickly. The shower was the only place that lee had me cum on her.

Lee then threw on her clothes and ran back to her on room to change for the work day. The times that Lee and I were in Chicago together we always hooked up. She loved fucking and sucking and having her pussy licked. I was only too happy to comply with her wishes. Lee started dating a guy from the office and she even moved in with him but that didn't keep her out of my hotel bed in Chicago. I eventually transferred to another division in the company and then Lee and I stopped seeing each other.

CARMEN

Carmen worked in the Chicago office and she assisted our project team from the user perspective. She was cute Italian girl with very dark Mediterranean features. She had dark brown hair and eyes, olive skin and she stood at about 5"4". I guessed her to weigh about 115 pounds. Carmen had very small tits but she had an absolute killer ass. Her ass looked like it stuck out a good 9-10 inches from the backs of her thighs and it was perfectly shaped. She also had nice legs leading up to her fabulous ass. When she walked by it was all I could do to keep from reaching out and touching it.

Carmen was seeing a guy at the time the project was going on but she still socialized with the project team from time to time. Every time I was around her I could not think of anything but fucking her in her hot ass. Of course I didn't even know if she would take it in the ass but it made for a great fantasy. I unexpectedly got my chance to find out.

Cable TV was not yet common place in the early 1970's but most of the bars and hotels had it. The Frazier -- Ali fight was being broadcast and I decided to have a party in my hotel room. I invited everyone connected with the project to my room to see the fight. In preparation I picked up beer, wine, booze and snacks for everyone. The night of the fight about twenty people were crowded into my hotel room. They sat on the beds and on the floor wherever they could find space. 

Everyone had a great time and it was another classic fight between Ali and Frazier which Ali won this time. Everyone left after the fight thanking me for setting it up and inviting them. The room was trashed as there beer cans, empty cups and trash all over. I never expected Carmen to remain behind and help me clean up. She didn't even offer but she just went about picking up and re-organizing the room. I bagged up all the trash and hauled it down to the trash bins. When I returned to the room Carmen was sitting on the bed with her back against the headboard sipping a glass of wine. Her shapely legs were stretched out in front of her and her mini skirt just about covered her crotch.

"I hope you don't mind I decided to have a nightcap," she said softly almost sexily.

"I don't mind at all. In fact I'll join you," I replied and poured another scotch.

We clicked glasses and I said, "Thanks for your help cleaning up. I appreciate that."

"We'll we did make quite a mess," she laughed.

I decided that I had nothing to lose at this point so rather than sit in the chair I sat next to her on the bed. She smiled at me as I got in bed next to her and sat along side of her. We made small talk for awhile and we both very relaxed. It seemed like the most natural thing in the world to lean over and kiss her. Carmen kissed me back and let her tongue dance over my lips. I then put my drink down and took the wine from her hand and set it next to my drink. I turned toward her and she came into my arms as if we had done this a hundred times.

Carmen and I kissed and held each other tightly. Our tongues explored each other's mouth and dueled inside our mouths. We slid down on the bed so that her heads were now on the pillows and in doing so Carmen's skirt rode up even higher putting her pussy on display. She seemed unconcerned that the skirt was almost up to her waist. I ran my hands over her pantyhose encased legs and she cooed into my mouth. 

Carmen broke the kiss and asked me, "If we make love tonight can I count on you to keep your mouth shut."

I smiled and replied, "I think that you know that I can and that I will."

She nodded in agreement and then stood up along side the bed. I watched as she removed every article of clothing and I anticipated her shapely ass being displayed. Carmen was completely naked when she got back into bed and then she spoke.

"Your turn," she said with a sultry smile.

I stood up and undressed and my erect cock jumped out when I pulled my briefs off. Carmen looked right at my cock and I could tell that she liked it. I got back in bed with her and we resumed kissing and fondling each other. I turned her toward me so that we were on our sides and I let my hands wander over her curvy ass. Her buttocks were firm and all I could think of was that I hoped she would let me fuck her in the ass. 

I began my descent down her shapely body and kissed her small breasts. I could almost get her whole tit in my mouth. I ran my tongue over her nipple while her tit was in my mouth. Carmen really like the attention I was paying to her tits and nipples. I moved down lower and trailed kissed over her flat belly. I kissed her inner thighs as I pushed her legs apart. Carmen grabbed my head and tried to pull my face to her pussy but I teased her a little longer. Then I lifted her legs and placed them on my shoulders and lowered my mouth to her cunt. Carmen flinched at the first touch of my tongue to her quim.
