 My wife had told me her friend Sandy, from her women's club she belonged to, would be stopping by our house to pick up some items. My wife said she would be late, so I was to help Sandy load some boxes into Sandy's vehicle. Sandy soon arrived and I opened the door to our vestibule. Sandy had an average face with shoulder length blonde hair. Where she shined was in the chest department. Sandy's tits were enormous and she like to show them off.

Sandy wasn't wearing a bra this day and she had on a skin tight t-shirt. Her nipples nearly popped through the material. As we stood just inside the door, I had my eyes focused on her chest. Sandy noticed I hadn't heard a word she had said. We walked up the steps to where the boxes were sitting. Once there I turned around and did something totally out of character for me. With Sandy right in front of me, I reached underneath her shirt. With both hands I found her breasts and started to squeeze them. 

Sandy was totally shocked to say the least. Her eyes got big, but she didn't pull away from me. Instead she pulled the t-shirt up and let those huge melons get free of the material.

"We don't have much time," I said.

I quickly pulled away from her tits and pulled her pants down to the floor. I unzipped my pants and let my cock swing free. I knew this had to be a quickie, so I turned Sandy towards the kitchen counter. She leaned over it and I was looking at her pussy lips from behind. They were all flared out as if she had been waiting for just this moment. I fitted my mushroom head in between and in one motion I rammed my shaft into her.

Sandy screamed, but I just pushed my dick all the way in. There was no time for being subtle. I ploughed into that big pussy and slammed her for all it was worth. You could hear squishing sounds as I slid my cock in between her wet folds. I knew ten minutes had not gone by when I heard a car door slam shut. Christ, it had to be my wife! I don't know how we did it, but Sandy and I pulled our clothes back on by the time my wife walked through the door. 

I looked at Sandy and her face was flushed and her nipples were pushing against the t-shirt material even more than when she arrived. My wife didn't notice a thing. She hugged Sandy and then told me to help her load up Sandy's vehicle. Once the car was loaded I whispered to Sandy I would call her soon. A couple days passed and I phoned Sandy. 

We decide to meet at a cheap motel a few miles from my house. It was the kind of place lovers met for a quick fuck. Today, however, was not going to be a quickie. Once we got into the room, Sandy stripped and sat on the edge of the bed. I removed my clothing as well. I took my cock in hand and walked towards the bed. Sandy knew what was coming. She opened her mouth and I slid my cock inside. 

Sandy reached out and took hold of my sacs. She began to massage them as I fed my eight inches down her throat. Sandy was gagging a little as I pushed as deep as I could into her mouth. She got me very hard and I pulled out. I pushed her onto her back and spread her thighs. I buried my face in between those giant pussy folds. I just went nuts lapping my tongue up and down. Sandy placed both hands on the back of my head and urged me on. She was moaning and begging me to make her cum this way.

I had a different plan instead. I eventually pulled away and stood up. I climbed in between and plunged my pecker into her sopping wet hole. I thought Sandy would go insane when I had my cock buried all the way. We just got into a fuck rhythm and she would meet each of my thrusts with her own. This wasn't sweet lovemaking. It was gritty, hot fucking, pure and simple.

I told Sandy she was now my love whore. I was going to have her any way I wanted. Sandy nodded her head yes.

"Please Tony, fuck me hard, it's been too long," Sandy was pleading with me.

I later found out that Sandy's husband was disabled. He fell from a rooftop and couldn't walk anymore. It had been five years since Sandy had made love to a man. I planned on changing all that. We eventually changed positions. I was on my back when Sandy mounted me. She slipped her pussy above my erect member and then slid down on me. I reached up and cupped each of those enormous tits she possessed. I fondled them and pinched each one as I brought my ass up and drove my cock into her wanting pussy.

I made her nipples hard with my fingers and then I reached down for her ass cheeks. I pulled them with my hands as Sandy slammed down onto my pole. It went fast and furious. Sandy soon had some small orgasms that grew into bigger ones. We were both building up to that one moment. When it came I slammed into her and started unloading my manseed into her belly. Sandy had my cock in a death grip now. It was if she needed every drop of my loving inside her. We slowed down but I left my cock inside her pussy. Sandy's body was shaking violently after we both came.

"I haven't had a such an intense orgasm like that in years," Sandy was nearly crying now.

I flipped her onto her back and surrounded each nipple with my lips. I could feel the chills going through Sandy as I took the tips of her nips and chewed on each one with my teeth. I think she had a few more orgasms as I would bite on those heavy tits. We fucked for the rest of the afternoon before we had to finish up and head back to our homes. 

Sandy and I now try to meet a couple times each week for fucking sessions. I think my wife is suspicious. She doesn't realize it is Sandy I am with, but she suspects I am with some other woman, as I am out of the house all the time. I can barely make up good excuses now, I have run out of good ones.

Sandy loves when I bury my cock in her and just hold it there. She then does all the work with her pussy muscles. She grips me and fucks me like no woman I have ever been with, including my wife. I think Sandy would like for us to be together full time but there is the problem with her husband. I know she would feel guilty leaving him on his own.

For now, we are both having to be content with me working on her large breasts and then giving her the fucking she needs and wants.