 Author's note: Based on reader feedback and requests, I decided to write a series of stories that are based on women that I have had sex with in the course of my lifetime. This period would normally cover my high school senior year 1959 and the years in the Marine Corps (1959-1963) up to the current day. I will not cover every encounter since by my count I have had sex with almost 50 different women starting back in 1959. I will select my best encounters and I will write about them randomly rather than in chronological order. I will not include any of my bi-sexual experiences when I let men suck my cock or when I fucked them in the ass.

These encounters will include anal sex, oral sex, vaginal sex and infidelity. There is also some bi-sexuality between women and some group sex. If this is not to your liking then I recommend that you not read the stories. This is a period when people slept around and condoms were rarely used. People began to cool it around the mid-1980s when the threat of AIDS became serious. Guys that slept around were called studs and unfortunately if girls slept around they were called sluts. I never agreed with that because I felt a girl had every right to have an occasional roll in the hay as any guy did. 

A few of my stories about certain women are already on the Literotica site and I will touch briefly on those encounters. I will begin with 1970 since many of my encounters, in high school, the Marine Corps and my life between 1963 and 1970, I used in writing other stories already posted on Literotica. Each chapter will be named for a girl or group of girls and it will be based, and I emphasize the word based, on real experiences but the names will be changed and the sexual encounters will be embellished for readership. Some of my previous stories that are on the Literotica site are based on some actual experiences, these include; Capri an Isle of Love; An Affair to Remember, Thanks for the Memories and MILF and Did. I know that many readers do not believe authors when they speak about writing of their experiences but I will leave that interpretation up to the individual reader. Others who read this may call me a womanizer or male chauvinist pig. What ever you think while reading the stories the fact is that is the way it was at that time at least in the circle of people that I hung out with. We had sex, we had fun and no one got hurt. I hope that you enjoy this work for literotica. As always all characters are 18 years old and older.

INTRODUCTION

In this chapter you will meet another corporate groupie Sharon. Also you will meet Shirley from my tennis club and Sherry a girl I met skiing in Aspen. Toni is another girl I also met in Aspen while skiing with my best friend Ken. Toni actually traveled to Aspen at Ken's invitation.

SHARON

Sharon was married but recently she was hanging around the Oasis and joining the parties without her husband. She was a pretty girl who got a little too heavy in the hips but other than that she had a nice body with great tits. It was a party at Susan's place that Sharon and I got together very impromptu. As the night wore on and people left the party, there were only a few of us left. Susan was going to drive her pilot boyfriend home so she left Sharon and me together with a few others. The other people left leaving Sharon and I alone and I was surprised that she stayed as long as she did.

I moved over to the couch and sat next to Sharon and looked into her eyes. She really had bedroom eyes and a wanton look about her. I took her into my arms to kiss her and she absolutely melted under my touch. She drove her tongue deep into my mouth as we embraced. I knew she was ready to fuck so I moved quickly. In less than a minute I had Sharon's blouse and bra off and her big tits filled my hands. I rubbed her tits and twirled her nipples as she crooned under my touch. I dropped my head to her tits and sucked on them as I unfastened her slacks. Sharon lay back on the couch as I pulled her slacks down her hips.

She was beet red with embarrassment when she spoke, "Oh my thunder thighs!"

I ignored her embarrassment and pulled her slacks off her body. Then I pulled her panties off and moved in between her legs. Sharon almost leaped off the couch when my tongue touched her quim. She grabbed my head and pulled it into her pussy. I ate Sharon to a series of orgasms before I removed even one article of clothing. I then stood up and stripped off my own clothes and I followed Sharon's eyes to my cock. I was rock hard and it was standing straight out from my body. 

"I heard that you were hung," Sharon whispered as she sat up on the couch. 

She took my cock in her hand and played with it briefly before she covered it with her mouth. Sharon then moved her mouth over my balls and licked and sucked them before kissing her way up my shaft. Looking up into my eyes, she slid her lips over my bulging head with her hand still wrapped around my shaft. Her tongue swirled under the ridge of my crown as she sucked me deeper into her mouth. She tested her gag line and was soon taking my entire cock down her throat. 

My cock was alive and my hot flesh pulsed against her lips. She pulled me deeper into her mouth, pressing her lips tightly against me and sucking hard. The feel of my hard cock sliding between her lips and over her tongue had me on the verge of a huge orgasm. Sharon had slipped her hand into her cunt and fingered her dripping pussy. The smell of sex was rampant in Susan's apartment.

I grabbed the back of her head and started fucking her face. She was slurping and sucking as fast as she could. Sharon drooled as she tried to keep up with my thrusting motions. Her fingers dug into my thighs, moving her head as I pumped my cock in and out of her mouth. I knew her pussy needed attention but I wasn't about to stop anything she was doing. I could sense that I was going to cum soon and I warned her but she just kept sucking me in anticipation of receiving a creamy treat.

I felt my cock swell and knew that she was about to receive my load. Muffled moans escaped from her throat as she eagerly sucked my dick awaiting her prize. She moved her lips up and down over my shaft in rhythm with my thrusting motions. She was drooling like crazy and I could feel it running down my pecker onto my balls. My breathing became more erratic and I was about to lose control. Sharon looked up at me with those big eyes and nodded her head, letting me know she wanted to taste my seed and then she covered my cock with her mouth just as I lost it. I let out a soft grunt as I pumped stream after stream of hot cream into her mouth. 

I shot the first jet against the roof of her mouth then several more blasts of hot cum poured into her mouth. She moved her hand under my scrotum to squeeze out the last few drops and then Sharon had another orgasm. Apparently the feel of my throbbing cock in her mouth, the taste of my seed and her hand in her cunt was just too much. The pressure in her lower tummy gushed out through her pussy and soaked her fingers.

My cock fell from her lips and cum dripped from her lips and chin as her body jerked and shuddered in orgasm. Sharon looked up at me when she was done, blotches of cum glistened on her lips. The smell of pussy in the room was powerful. I took Sharon's hand and licked her fingers clean. Then I led her by the hand to Susan's guest bedroom.

Sharon got in the bed and lay back as I took in her beauty. For a slightly heavy woman she was in great shape. She had nice legs, a narrow waist, great abs and nice big firm tits. I looked at her pubes and noticed the light brown tuft of hair above her pussy.

I walked over to the bed and sat on the side of it. I stroked Sharon's shapely legs and luscious thighs. My hand drifted up to her mound and I felt that she was still wet with desire. She smiled at me as I fingered her pussy and licked my fingers clean of her juices. Then she opened her arms and welcomed me into her body for the first time. I slipped between her thighs and slid my hard cock into her quim. Sharon uttered an audible gasp as I hit bottom. I began to fuck her slowly and eased my cock almost all the way out of her pussy before plunging it back in. She was lost in the lust of the moment.

"Oh that's it fuck me, fuck me slow, fuck me good, fuck me forever," she whispered.

Just hearing her asking me to fuck her was an incredible turn-on for me and I picked up my pace. Sharon threw her hips up at me as if to try and get me deeper in her cunt. I felt my orgasm approaching but I didn't want to cum before she did so I tried to slow down.

"No, no don't stop, fuck me faster, I'm so close," Sharon begged.

I picked up the pace again as we both raced toward our orgasms. I don't know who came first this time because we were so close but Sharon wrapped her legs around me and humped me for all she was worth as I spurted my seed deep in her womb. We continued to fuck each other until we were drained. I collapsed on top of Sharon and she didn't seem to mind my weight as she held me and cried out. 

"Oh thank you, thank you," she said over and over.

I rolled off of Sharon and lay next to her on the bed. She smiled at me and then snuggled in closer. We talked for the next several minutes and she told me that she was happy that we got together. As I lay next to her I caressed her breasts, neck and arms, teasing her skin with my fingernails and tongue. Sharon made a low, drawn out sound. Deciding that I'd teased her enough I started on her naked breasts. As I sucked her warm flesh into my mouth and rolled a nipple between my teeth, Sharon let out a moan of pleasure.

Sharon then moved down the bed, gently took hold of my cock and took me into her mouth, rolling my cock around and getting it wet with her saliva, while her hand worked my shaft up and down at the same time. Seconds later, she straddled me. Her hand wrapped around my now slippery cock and I felt the tickle of her pubic hair just before her soft flesh nudged my helmet and then it was suddenly engulfed by the heat and tightness of her pussy.

Sharon grabbed hold of the top of the head board on either side of my head as I held onto her hips. She rocked her hips back and forth, pressing downwards and working the walls of her pussy as I slid into her further. The next motion of her hips caused her to gasp in pleasure as my full length penetrated her. She began to work up and down, back and forth as she moaned in pleasure. She felt particularly tight in this position and the unhurried pace felt sensuous and wonderful. Sharon continued to ride me at a slow, even pace as I relaxed and let her take charge. As she fucked herself on me I could hear the smacking and sucking sound of her pussy as my cock moved around inside her. 

Her firm medium sized breasts jiggled as Sharon picked up the pace. She pushed her hips down until our groins met and then lifted up until just the swollen tip of my cock remained inside her. She seemed to know just how far to move so that my cock never slipped out of her pussy. Her thigh muscles felt firm and tight under my hands as she worked her body on me. The speed of our groins slapping together increased as we fucked faster and harder. We really had our rhythm going now and I thrust up into her as she lowered herself on me. Her pussy contracted around my cock as her eyes fluttered and she emitted a high pitch scream. Sharon grabbed onto my shoulders as she rode out her orgasm. I ejaculated into her again flooding her cunt with spunk as she collapsed on top of me.

Sharon covered my face with kisses and then plunged her tongue into my mouth. As she kissed me she murmured softly into my neck and shoulders. She thanked me over and over as she held herself tightly to me.

"Are you going stay here tonight?" I asked.

"No I have to get home and I do want to leave before Susan returns," Sharon replied.

"I think we have time before Susan gets home," I said as I imagined Susan impaled on her boyfriend's cock.

"Let's grab a shower and then leave," Sharon suggested.

We both showered together and I loved washing her big firm tits but we didn't fuck again that night as Sharon was serious about getting home. After the shower we dressed and then left Susan's apartment. That was the only time that Sharon and I got together. It was completely unplanned but we had great sex together. Sharon made her way through other guys in the office before she settled in on one guy. Sharon started spending a lot of time with John who she eventually married after her husband divorced her. John and Sharon then moved to New England when John took a job there.

SHIRLEY

I met Shirley at our tennis club. She was a pretty blonde divorcee who was dating the former club manager Steve. He had taken a job with a competitive club but Shirley remained a member at our club since she had more girlfriends there. She stood about 5'6" and I guessed weighed no more than 110 pounds. She kept her hair short just covering her ears and she had beautiful blue eyes. Shirley was small breasted actually almost flat chested but she had shapely legs and a curvy ass.

Shirley asked me if I would play mixed doubles with her in the upcoming club tournament. I agreed and we decided on practice times and scheduled some matches. On day we were playing at noon time against another couple. Our opponent Bob was an asshole as he was always hitting hard shots at Shirley. Shirley held her own but one time Bob hit an overhead right at her and the ball hit her in the lip after it bounced in front of her. 

Shirley's lip was cut but not badly. Still a trickle of blood ran out. I told the other couple that we were done playing and actually our court time was due to expire anyway. The other couple left and then Shirley and I walked off the court. I stopped her once we were behind the backdrop and checked her lip again.

"Is it bad?" she asked.

"No it's not. It's just a small cut and the bleeding has stopped. It's not even noticeable," I said putting her at ease.

Then I teased her and said, "I should probably kiss it to make it better."

I leaned in and kissed her lightly. Her lips were so tender and when I looked into her sexy blue eyes I just had to kiss her for real. I kissed her again surprising her but she relaxed and kissed me back. Then I took her in my arms and held her to me and we kissed and my tongue sought out her mouth. I felt Shirley trembles in my arms and I felt that I just had to have her. I broke the kiss and dropped to my knees. I ran my hands along her shapely legs up under her tennis skirt and I cupped her firm shapely ass. I stared right at her panty covered pussy and ran my hand over her vulva.

Walt please stop you shouldn't do that," she gasped but I continued rubbing her bare thighs and panty covered pussy.

Shirley was breathing hard and she seemed confused when she spoke again, "Please stop before this goes any further."

I pushed Shirley's tennis skirt up to her hips and leaned in to kiss her creamy thighs. She gasped aloud at the touch of my lips to her naked skin. I knew that she was struggling with the decision on how far she should let this go. I could smell the sweet aroma of sex that was given off by her pussy as my face moved closer to her crotch. I kissed her inner thighs just below her panties. She groaned with pleasure as she reached down with her hands to control my head. Shirley tried to keep my head from reaching her pussy but I moved the panties to one side of her vulva baring her sopping wet cunt. I tickled her outer lips with my fingers and then let them slip inside her vagina. 

Shirley was so wet that two of my fingers slid in easily and she unconsciously relaxed her grip on my head. I moved my mouth toward her and closed over her pussy shoving my tongue into her wetness. Shirley cried out and grabbed my head again but this time she held it tight to her quim. I lapped at her pussy as I fingered her with two fingers. Then I spread her pussy lips apart and located her throbbing clit peeking out from its protective hood. Shirley was really excited. I sucked on her hard clit and she bucked her hips into my face. I reached around her and cupped her shapely ass cheeks in my hands as I drove into her pussy with my tongue and nibbled on her clit.

"Oh sweet Jesus, I'm cumming. Hold me, please hold tight," she screamed as she lost it.

The climax rocked her body and I held on for dear life as she thrashed, twisted and bucked almost losing her balance. I kept right on eating her pussy and I held onto her shapely ass as she thrashed about. Shirley slowly calmed after her intense orgasm and I continued to lick her until her pussy was dry as she ran her hands through my hair.

"Oh that was something I really came hard. Thank you, thank you!" she murmured.

I stood up and Shirley adjusted her panties and tennis skirt. Her eyes traveled to my crotch and she spotted my cock straining to get out of my tennis shorts. I smiled at her and then we both walked upstairs to the main level. Shirley was blushing as if everyone at the club knew that she had just had her pussy eaten.

I told Shirley to ride with me and we would get some lunch although my plan was to fuck her before we ate. I had already made up my mind to blow the rest of the work day off. I pulled into a motel parking lot and got a room as Shirley sat in the car. I drove around to where the room was and then I leaned over and kissed Shirley again. I reached under her tennis skirt and pulled her panties down and played with her pussy. As I fingered her cunt I removed the panties from her legs. Then I sat up and said it was time to go inside.

"Give me my panties back," she demanded weakly.

"Nope, I'm keeping these for now," I replied.

I got out of the car and opened the motel room door. Shirley got out of the car and held her tennis skirt down tight as she dashed for the room. I chuckled at her predicament. Once in the room Shirley jumped on the bed but she held her skirt down over her pussy. I dropped my tennis shorts and briefs to my knees and got on the bed with her. I lifted her skirt and gently pried her legs apart. Then I moved between her thighs and placed my cock at the entrance to her cunt. She shivered in anticipation. I eased her back down on the bed and proceeded to feed my thick cock to her. 

"Oh we mustn't, we shouldn't, it is not right, I'm dating Steve and then oh yes, oh it feels so good, oh, oh, fuck me, yes fuck", she cried. 

I slid in and out of her pussy slowly allowing her to adjust to my size and continued to go deeper with each thrust until I was buried balls deep in her pussy. 

"Oh my I have never been so full of cock, fuck me, make me cum, make it last forever", she cried out.

I pounded her pussy making sure that my cock was in constant contact with her clit. Shirley had multiple orgasms as I fucked her. I pulled her tennis top out of her skirt and pushed it up over her sport bra. Then I pushed the bra up over her tits. She had very small pretty firm tits with rock hard nipples. I twirled the nipples in my fingers and then leaned over taking one then the other in my mouth. 

She went wild telling me. "Oh yes, suck my tits, suck my nipples, fuck me good!" 

I could feel my balls start to tighten and I knew it wouldn't be long before I filled her pussy with my cum. Shirley stiffened and then had another violent orgasm.

She yelled, "Hold me, please hold me, I'm cummmming!" 

I reached around behind her and pulled her toward me as she shook and trembled throughout her intense orgasm. As she was cumming so did I and I fired a barrage of cum into her pussy. As she started to recover I laid her back down on the sofa and slowly fucked her as my cock softened. My cock was swimming in her cunt; there was so much jizm in there mingling with her own juices.
