 You arrive at my room and are nervous and excited at the same time. You prepare to knock and you find yourself forgetting to breath. You then exhale and take in a deep breath as your hand gently knocks on the door. The door opens without hesitation and you recognize my face from the pictures I had sent to you. We smile simultaneously and embrace. The greetings are quick and you are invited into my room. I have unpacked some things but it appears I have just arrived. I have. 

We are then off to your place exchanging small talk. I have you carry a small package as I another. You are wondering what these are and shake to investigate but to no avail. I tell you nothing but that I hope that you will enjoy them. Yes, both are for you. We arrive at your apartment and we sit on the couch. You are looking at me and evaluating me as I you. We are smiling entirely too much and the mood is almost static with electricity. I offer you the first gift and you tell me that I shouldn't have. As you tear open the wrapper, that looks like a child may have completed the task, you are amazed as you had not expected this. It is a......

And then I offer the second present. This one is lighter and a smaller box. As you recognize the box you know it is from Victoria's Secret... Lingerie. You look at me and see a devilish smile on my face. You tell me precociously that this gift is not for you, at all, but for Tim. I smile ear to ear as you hold it up and take a good look at it. It is a navy blue top that exposes the shoulders and matching bikini panty bottom with white cotton inlay. You look at it again and thank me and then look at the outfit again and then at me again. You offer to model it for me. I do not need to say a thing. You know.

You leave the room and tell me to come into the bedroom only when you call to me. I wait with anticipation. I am excited. Almost ten minutes pass and I am jumping out of my skin waiting. I hear you exit the bathroom and I smell light perfume. Finally, you call to me. I jump up and practically fall over myself trying to get to the door. I turn the handle and try my best to look cool and collected. My heart is racing like a school boy getting his first kiss. I am nervous. 

As I open the door you are sitting on the edge of the bed. Your skin color stands out against the navy blue shirt and panty. You are leaning back on your right arm and hand and your left hand is resting on your lap almost to hide your belly from me. I am staring at you. My eyes do not blink. You look calm and in control. I look you up and down. There is only one thing a man is thinking when he looks at a woman in this fashion. You look down with demure. Your appearance says otherwise... 

I absorb your femininity like a dry sponge and I shall ring it out to quench my thirst for you. Your hair is blond and parted in the middle. Your ears are just covered by the gold strands and your left eye is closer to your hair than the right. Your eyes are the color of an Autumn sky and seem to conflict with the sun in your hair shining even indoors and at night. But because your smile is so warm one cannot feel anything but comfort and welcome when before you. I look at the slope of your neck and how the navy blue jumps from your smooth skin over your delicate collar bone and shoulder. There is a slight shine on your shoulder and your head is just tilted to the same side. The straps hang on your shoulders comfortably and as you lean back I see the outline of your breasts. They are pert and I can see your nipples are hardened and reaching toward me. 

I look at your hips and try to see any skin between the blouse and Panty. I know you have a navel ring and I want to see it. Your waist and hips and thighs and more are covered by the panty but not much else. Your legs are crossed and you are without shoe. Your calf is tensed and toned as over the other leg. You foot gently but tellingly bobs up and down nervously. I see the matching finger and toe nail polish. I look at your legs and not how smooth they are. Your feet are petite and very feminine. I realize how long I have been staring and look to your eyes and am shocked to see you are looking at me much the same way. I walk toward you. You adjust your position on the bed. You move back and rest on both arms and tell me to undress. I laugh but then you tell me, "I want you Tim". You need not say more.

I turn off the light and the room is then illuminated by a single candle, lightly scented, offering just enough light to know and see. The ambiance is sensual and romantic.I remove my shoes and socks first and then slowly lift my shirt to expose my stomach extended slightly from dinner and my hairy chest. Not a carpet but substantive enough to run your fingers through. You sit up and reach for me gently touching my chest by run ing the back of your hand and fingers across my nipples and between my breasts. You can see tone in my shoulders and imagine the strength in my muscles. Your heart beats faster. 

I then take off my belt and unbutton my jeans. I unzip my pants and slowly pull them down. You see that I am wearing black boxer-briefs and that I am erect. You could hang your hat if you wanted to. I ask you if you want to remove my underwear for me and you do. You stand and look into my eyes. Your hands wander to the elastic and begin to slide down. You are careful to allow room for my manhood to escape. Your eyes glance down and widen as you see the head and shaft escape the cotton like a missile extending from it's silo. You look into my eyes again and just raise to your toes to reach my lips. I reach for your lips and we kiss for the first time. 

Your hand instinctively covers my erection, gently and slowly, exploring me with your hand. You are comforted to know that my size will not hurt you as I am just above average in length and volume. My hands move to your chest just beneath your arms and on the sides of your breasts. We separate from the kiss and I move you toward the bed. I motion for you to lay down on your back and I rest before you on my knees. I take your left leg in my hand and place your foot on my chest. I run my hands up and down your leg and very close to where your panty meets your inner thigh. But I am teasing you and I stop just short of your labia. I explore your legs. I feel the muscle and knee and behind the knee, the inner thighs, and foot. I repeat the process with the other leg.

You heart is racing and you are nervous but very aroused. You notice wetness beginning to form inside of you like a glass of cool water on a hot and humid day. This makes you nervous. I can see your tenseness and decide to make it worse for you. I stand before you and spread your legs pressing my volume against your labia. You lay back on your back and allow me total freedom. The cotton shield of your panty inhibits penetration but your juices are now flowing. You are very wet as I press myself against you and apply deep pressure. Your legs are spread wide for me and your hands move from your side to my chest and face. I motion for you to move further onto the bed. I then mount you and begin kissing you deeply. 

Our lips meet and caress. I then kiss your cheeks and again your mouth. My mouth opens wider and my tongue enters your mouth to meet yours and the kiss becomes more passionate. Your hips gently push up toward mine to get more stimulation. I can feel the wetness soaking through your panty. It is hot. 

I slip down a bit and kiss your neck and shoulders slipping my tongue out periodically to taste your beautiful skin. I then rub my face and cheeks against your breasts before I tell you to sit up. I lift the blouse over your head and arms and throw it aside. 

You rest again on the bed as I look down at you with hunger. I crave you and will taste you as if parched for days and will quench my thirst for you by tasting your breasts and nectar. You look into my eyes and know that you are going to be taken. You want only for me to take you. Parts of your body ache for me and others tingle in anticipation. 

I move lower to kiss all around your breasts and then target your pink nipples reaching to me. I take your left breast and wet the nipple. I then blow cold air on it to make it stand proudly before me. I then take you in my mouth and comfort you with wetness and warmth. I gently pinch with my lips and suck as if through a straw. I lick and taste your breast again. I take you deeper in my mouth. I pull lightly and then allow you to slowly fall from my mouth. I then take you again, suck gently, wet your skin, allow you to fall from my mouth, and blow hot air on you. Your back arches slightly as I taste the other breast in the same fashion. 

I feel nurtured and comforted by your movements and your body. Your right hand instinctively seeks the back of my head and slightly caresses and applies pressure to my head pushing me into your subtle breast. I latch on and enjoy your body as my weight presses down upon you and I cover you like a warm blanket. I feel held and then welcome as I settle comfortably between your legs. I wish to be consumed by you. 

The taste of your skin keeps me occupied until I remember there are more gifts to unwrap and play with. Mmmmmmm. I look to your navel and see the blue sparkling stone just matching the panty and bringing focus to your flat smooth stomach. I taste your stomach with my tongue and you squirm as it tickles. I take my tongue and make one swipe into your navel before I lift my body from yours and focus on your wet panty.

I slowly peel it downwards over your Mound of Venus and below your thighs. Perfectly shaved labia and curtain is revealed to me. Soft, smooth, delicate. It makes you look even younger and I feel like a dirty old man but I am intensely aroused. I spread your legs and lower my face to your hips. I lift your left leg over my shoulder to provide leverage and so that I can feel your inner thigh against my cheek. I lick your innermost thighs and taste the skin. I inhale through my nose to waft the air and smell your essence.

I take my tongue and lightly run up and down your outer labia and then move my way closer to your inner labia and then taste the deep folds of your vagina. I press deep and lap the taste like a dog drinking water. My thirst is insatiable and I find your trigger and turn it on with my tongue. More fluid is released and you begin to moan. Your delicate flower blooms and opens and swells with anticipation. Like a rose it's beauty and simplicity confound. I take another moment to know your womanhood. I taste and suck and lick and rub so that I shall have you in my memory forever. Your wetness is complete. You are prepared to receive me. Your hands pull my head and face to yours. You kiss me slowly and tenderly. You seem to know just how to handle me. 

I lift myself up from you and spread your legs wider. I place the tip of my penis at the moist and engorged mouth of your vagina and begin slowly and gently pushing my volume inside you. You reach for me and place your hands on each hip. Your back arches as you pull me to you. I see and feel your eyes upon me. Our bodies are slowly melting into one flesh. My manhood is guided deep inside you as you lay back again bringing me with you. Your legs lift and spread as I and engulfed. You then lay flat on your back with arms comfortably above your head. I place my weight on my hands and lean forward to allow gravity to pull me deeper inside you. I am slow and firm with my thrusts exploring the contour of your vaginal fold. I crave more depth but your legs can spread no more. I only succeed in pressing my pelvic bone against your clitoris and giving you more pleasure. 

I then allow my body to collapse upon yours so that I may feel it's velvet texture and smell it's scent. Your head rests on a small pillow that raises it just enough that I our lips touch with my forearms resting along each side of your head beneath your pillow. You allow me complete access to your body with complete abandon. Your trust and availability to me makes me want you even more. You are motionless below me but for your kiss and eyes upon me with legs in the air. I am free to take you, to possess you, to ravage your body. Your submission to me makes me feel powerful and accepted and nurtured all at once. It is wonderful!

I take your hands in mine above your head. I grasp your hands and clench our fingers; my full weight upon you. You look into my eyes as you kiss me and then whisper, "Tell me when your going to cum."

And with this I thrust my volume deeper inside the silky smooth walls of your vagina steadily increasing the speed until the friction is intense for you. Your breasts bounce with each thrust and your legs are spread wide and knees bent with feet pointing at the sky. Your head tilts back so our lips are so close but not touching. I see pleasure in your face as the rhythm is smooth and sure. I can feel your body begin to tense as your moans increase. You are close to orgasm and I thrust harder to entice your orgasm. I am looking into your eyes as you cum with a burst of guttural moaning and vaginal and bodily contractions. Your skin turns a light pink with sex flush. Your moans are as sexy as your movements. And you cum...

I watch your face and see your eyes close and later open glassy as if high. You breathing slows. I cease my thrusts and ask, "Are you ok?" You look into my eyes, smile, and say, "ohhh yes..." You then tell me, "I want to finish you." I look into those beautiful gray eyes and my answer is, "Ok." I begin my thrusts slowly as I look into your eyes and feel your breath upon me. Your hands are still within mine. I decide I need your hands on my body so I release you from my grip. Your left hand moves to caress my face as you gently kiss me and your right hand rests just under shoulder blade. I feel held, welcomed, seduced. It is wonderful!

I thrust harder inside you and as I do my heart races. I can feel my body preparing for orgasm. I feel my muscles tense and my member hardening to the point it almost hurts. It is now that I feel as if I could erupt. I thrust harder and harder as you accommodate my volume. Your left hand grasps the nape of my neck and with this you press your left cheek against mine and whisper in my ear, "Give it to me Tim. I want it all." You then slowly and gently lick my cheek with the tip of your tongue. I must now give you my orgasm. I explode within you with short hot bursts and let out a moan. A second and then a third. I finish within the deep envelope of your vagina. I continue to thrust so as to make sure every drop has been received. I continue still so as to absorb the sensation for just another moment before I am motionless. 

I am emptied and melt into you further. My fiery passion has been calmed and soothed. You kiss me gently on the lips and then more deeply. It is quiet as we lay together. Your hands caress my back as we lay melted together, quiet and calm. I have no desire to leave your body or this moment. The candle flickers and shows shadows on the walls and ceiling.