 Jason stopped the car in the crowded car park. Unbuckled his seatbelt leant across the seat and kissed his wife. Smothering her face in kisses, making her giggle.

She looked into the eyes of the man she loved and gave him one of the sensual kisses that she knew made him melt inside.

They got out of the car and taking the picnic basket and a blanket from the boot. Strolled off hand in hand to find a secluded spot to eat.

They walked in to the woods, and wandered hand in hand until they found the perfect spot. A secluded grassy area where the tree canopy parted and sunlight flooded through. Molly looked up letting the sunlight bathe her face. She could just imagine fairies dancing in the moonlight in this spot. She giggled, a gentle tinkling sound. Jason grinned; he loved his wife very much.

They spread the blanket on the ground, sat down and opened the picnic basket.

When they had eaten all they could. Jason pulled his wife towards him kissing her long and slow, entwining their tongues together as if wanting them to stay like that forever. When he broke the kiss and asked her 'How about dessert?' Molly giggled again and said 'what? Here? Out in the open?' 

Then she reached up and kissed her husband slowly, kissing his lips then his neck round to his ears, she nibbled on his earlobes then repeated the kisses in reverse. Ending back at his lips.

When she pulled back she knew just the effect she had caused, she could hear the change in his breathing and feel his cock bulging against his trouser material. She traced the outline gently with her finger and looking him in the face provocatively she ran her tongue around her lips. She felt his bulge grow.

Smiling she took one more look around, to be sure they were alone. Then slowly unzipped her husband's trousers, his stiff cock jumped free. She took the throbbing shaft in her hand while unbuttoning his trousers with the other hand, when she had achieved this she encouraged him to his knees and pulled his trousers down that far.

Allowing her free access to his stiff throbbing cock and heavy hot balls. She smiled in the knowledge that her husband had not put his underwear on.

Taking hold of his hot balls she bent her head and began to kiss them, light little kisses, like the fluttering of gentle wings, all around his balls up his hot throbbing cock, she could feel him shiver in anticipation. As she turned the kisses into nibbles, nibbling up his cock then down again. When she had nibbled back up a second time she nibbled the purple head nibbling licking making him shudder slightly, then she opened her mouth and took just the head into her sweet mouth, then she sucked hard swirling her tongue over the end.

Looking up into his face she saw he had his eyes closed and had a look of pure ecstasy on his face. She smiled with a mouth full of cock. God she loved sucking cock, giving ultimate pleasure.

She took more of his hot cock in her mouth, taking him in until she could take no more. The head of his cock was hitting the back of her throat, rubbing against her tonsils, making her gag each time he thrust past them, but god how she loved the feeling. She licked and sucked him until she felt his balls grow hotter and heavier, she knew this signalled that he was about to shoot his cum. She pulled back slightly and rolled his balls in her hand. Jason shuddered and released his jets of cum into Molly's mouth, she swallowed all he had, and then licked him clean. She looked up at him; sheer pleasure glistened in her eyes. 

He pushed her back onto the blanket and pushed up her skirt, to reveal her creamy white thighs and hairy cunt. Molly had not put on her underwear either.

Jason bent down and took a long sniff, smelling the scent of the woman he loved above all others. Her heady scent drove him wild, he couldn't get enough of it.

Taking his hand he ran a finger along the glistening golden crack, feeling just how very wet sucking him off had made her.

He moved his face closer and putting out his tongue, he licked her tasting her womanly juices. Pushing his tongue in deeper, making her moan. He never tired of sucking his wife. He flicked his tongue across her clit, making her shiver and her juices flow even more. He licked and lapped until Molly shuddered and came into his mouth, her beautiful sweet tasting cum filling his mouth.

When he sat up he moved up her body and kissed her long and deep, the lingering tastes of each other mingling in their mouths. Mixing to become one.

His prick was stiff again now and was pushing its self against Molly's sweet hole trying to gain entrance.

Molly wriggled underneath him. Jason's prick slid itself into her cunt. Jason thrust.

Molly moaned as his entire prick slid up her cunt until it was buried deep inside her, his balls resting against her hairy mound. Molly moaned again as Jason pulled his cock nearly out only to thrust back in, as they were getting into a rhythm. 

They heard a noise, a rustling and cracking of twigs. Jason stopped his cock buried to the hilt. Molly looked shocked as a man walked into view; he had his own throbbing hard cock in his hand and had obviously been watching them for quite some time.

He walked over then sat just within touching distance stroking his long hard cock.

Jason looked at the man who didn't speak. So Jason resumed his thrusting, Molly lay and watched the man amazed that his long cock seemed to get thicker by the minute.

Molly looked at Jason, Jason realised what the unspoken look signified and nodded his consent. Molly reached out her hand and covered the man's hand with her own, he looked at her with surprise and pleasure in his eyes as he realised that she wanted to touch and stroke his cock. So he removed his hand and let Molly's replace his.

Molly stroked the hard throbbing cock, revelling in the length and thickness of this strange cock. Then the urge to suck this new cock became so strong she could resist no longer. Wriggling herself into a better position she proceeded to lick this stranger's cock. Licking, flicking, nibbling and sucking the man moaned never once taking his eyes from the couples genital area, watching Jason thrust long and deep up Molly's sopping wet cunt. As Molly sucked she felt herself getting wetter, Jason's breathing changed signalling that he was close to orgasm. The strangers breathing also changed and Molly felt his cock grow and fill her mouth even more.

As Jason gave one last thrust, Molly moaned felt her cunt go into spasm as she came, the stranger sent wave after wave of cum down her throat. All three stayed coupled together in their first triple orgasmic experience for at least 5 minutes. 

When they all sat up, Molly opened the picnic basket and taking out a bottle of wine proceeded to pour a cupful for each of them. As they drank the wine, the stranger began to look embarrassed.

Molly took hold of his hand and said it was ok. Jason took hold of his other hand and said he had a wonderful cock. The man looked at them not knowing what to say, he blushed all over. Molly giggled. Jason grinned. The man laughed and told them he was sorry for spying but he couldn't resist and then was so turned on he had to move closer. They told him it was ok. Molly and Jason exchanged a glance, and then they nodded at each other and smiled.

Molly took her hand from Mick's. Looking into his blue eyes she placed his hand on her wet cunt, he looked in surprise at Jason, but as Jason just smiled at him he let his fingers wander around this beautiful cunt, rubbing Molly's clit, slipping two fingers inside and slowly finger fucking her.

Mick then got a shock as he felt a pair of lips around his stiffening cock, looking down, instead of Molly's head he saw Jason's. Jason's lips were firmly round his cock giving him amazing sensations. He didn't know whether to recoil in horror or just enjoy these amazing sensations. Molly looked into his face and taking his head in her hands kissed him long and hard.

Mick's cock was soon stiff and hard, throbbing in Jason's mouth. 

Jason stood up and took all his clothes off. Then Molly did the same allowing her lovely large breasts to swing free.

Mick looked at them both standing naked before him and also stripped off his clothes letting them fall to join theirs.

They both walked towards him, he felt two pairs of hands feeling all over his body. Touching his cock, his chest, even a finger probing the crack of his arse. It felt strange but bloody amazing at the same time.

He bent his head and suckled on one of Molly's nipples feeling the sweet hardness in his mouth. Then he felt his hand being guided and touching something hot and hard.

Jason's cock! He'd never touched another man's cock but he explored it, feeling along the length, holding Jason's balls in his hand weighing them. Thinking how heavy they were compared to his own and how much bigger. Although his own cock was slightly longer and definitely thicker then Jason's.

Jason once more took Mick's cock in to his mouth withdrawing it to lick and nibble the end, as he sucked Mick, Jason held Mick's balls cupped in his hand so when he felt them getting fuller and knew Mick was close to coming he stopped. They didn't want him coming too soon.

Molly lay on the blanket once more and invited Mick to lick her cunt. Mick getting down on his knees did just that. He stuck his ass in the air. Jason could not resist and getting on his knees behind Mick, He spread his ass cheeks wide and licked around Mick's puckered virgin ass hole. Mick shuddered but thrust his ass backwards, so Jason carried on probing gently with his tongue. 

He wet Mick's hole with his saliva then pushed gently with his finger, God this asshole was tight. He shivered at that thought. He wriggled his finger up Mick's asshole. He knew it would take a lot of playing before Mick would be capable of taking his throbbing cock up his ass. He didn't want to frighten him away or hurt him. So slowly was the name of the game.

Mick was enjoying eating pussy; he was also enjoying the new and strange sensation of having his ass licked and finger fucked. He wanted more.

Jason took hold of his cock and proceeded to rub it around Mick's asshole. Mick thrust backwards but Jason knew it was too soon.

They changed positions so Jason was sucking and playing with Molly. Now Jason's ass was in the air. Would Mick? He hoped so.

Mick looked at Jason's ass in the air and began to rub his hands over Jason's ass cheeks, mmmmmm Jason murmured and wriggled his ass. Mick understood and just as Jason had done to him he pulled his butt cheeks open and gazed at the small puckered hole of Jason's ass. He wet his finger and rubbed it against Jason's asshole, and was surprised when it slipped in quite easily, after fingering this different hole for a few seconds he wondered if he could add another, like in a woman's cunt. So he removed his finger and rubbed two against Jason's hole. Jason moaned and thrust back as Mick pushed and found his fingers disappearing up this amazing asshole.

He thrust his fingers in and out for a few minutes, until his throbbing cock was near bursting, not thinking about it Mick got to his knees positioned himself behind Jason and thrust his cock up Jason's asshole. Jason gasped and thrust back to meet him.

Molly moved down underneath Jason until she had his cock in her mouth.

As Molly sucked his cock, Mick fucked his ass. Jason was in heaven.

The faster Mick fucked the harder Molly sucked. It didn't take long for them all to come once more.

Mick came first shooting big spurts of cum up Jason's ass. As the first spurt shot up his ass, Jason came filling Molly's mouth with his hot spunk. Molly knowing both men were satisfied came quietly, wetting the grass beneath her ass.

When they finally got up and redressed they all looked at each other not wanting this experience to end. Molly kissed Mick, and then to Mick's surprise Jason kissed him too, exploring his mouth with his tongue.

Mick was surprised and a little disgusted that he liked it and wanted more.

When Molly and Jason invited him to their home for a meal, he didn't hesitate in saying Yes. So all three walked out of the wood holding hands and made their way to the car.