 I didn't realize seeing him would have this kind of an effect on my libido. Being single for the last four years and preoccupied with work had more or less killed any sex drive I'd had, not that I'd really had any, to begin with, so feeling this excited at the mere memory of seeing him last week was kind of overwhelming. It had been years, as in a decade or more, since I'd last seen him. In fact, it was probably graduation night itself when I'd last seen him. I didn't know then that I wouldn't see him again... I assumed I had an entire summer to flirt with him and let him know that I was interested. He hadn't told anyone that he was leaving for basic training the very next week, and as far as I'd last heard, he was still in the military, stationed somewhere far away and hadn't been back to our hometown since graduation. 

Imagine my surprise when I ran into him at a coffee shop, of all places. Imagine my double surprise when I'd not only run into him, but he'd remembered my name without hesitation. My pulse pounded in my temples and for a second I thought I was hallucinating. 

"Lucy, is that you?" He'd stood just to the right of the counter, waiting for his drink while I'd ordered mine. I hadn't recognized him until he said my name. I stood gobsmacked, staring at a vaguely familiar chiseled face with ever-changing hazel eyes. 

"Jonathan." I breathed, "Hi. I ... didn't realize ... that you were in town?" I stammered out. 

He smiled slightly with his wide, full lips. "Yeah. I am." 

The woman behind the register cleared her throat and I felt my face flush for being caught out just staring when I should've been ordering. I stepped up to the counter and ordered my tea. Jonathan was just getting his drink when I stepped over.

"Well, it was good seeing you, Lucy. I'll see you around?" 

"Uhmmm... yeah? I mean, yeah." Way to go, Lucy. Real conversationalist, here I muttered to myself as he walked away. I kicked myself mentally over my tied tongue and then felt my face flush again as I realized that my mouth had gone painfully dry and I was breathing heavily. Like, practically panting. What the hell? 

I'd gone home thinking about Jonathan, and for the first time in a long time I'd pulled out my vibrator and indulged in a little fantasy work. 

Still, a week later, and I'm just as flummoxed. I had come to the woods to take a walk and get some mental space and exercise. As my feet padded out a rapid staccato along the worn path, I became aware of another slightly echoing pattern behind mine. I looked over my shoulder and practically tripped over my own feet as I saw Jonathan strolling up behind me. I tried to side-step so I could turn and face him, and wound up tangled in my own legs, and then ass over tea kettle on the path. 

"Lucy!" Jonathan crossed the final five feet between us in two long strides, extended his hand, and pulled me back to my feet. His pull was more forceful than necessary, and instead of just standing, I wound up practically falling into him. I swear, I'm not normally so uncoordinated! 

"Uhm, hi?" I squeaked as I righted myself. I tried dusting off my ass but gave up after realizing that all of me was dusty, not just my ass. 

"Are you okay? I didn't even see you!" he looked me up and down, seemingly assessing me for injury. He didn't realize that his assessing gaze was making me hot, not just from embarrassment, but from want. 

"Uhm, yeah. I'm okay." I smiled at him a little lopsidedly, "what are you doing out here?" 

"I wanted to take a walk. It's been years since I've been out to the woods, and the weather is perfect for it. You?" 

"The same. Wanna talk together?" God, I sounded so juvenile to my own ears. 

"Yeah, if I'm not interrupting you..." he gestured toward the path in the direction we'd both been walking as he took a step forward. I fell in line next to him. A companionable silence bloomed between us as we walked. I studied the crunch-crunch sound of our feet as we walked. 

"So, are you-"

"Hey, listen-" 

We both started talking at once. Gesturing for him to talk, I fell quiet as we kept walking. 

"Listen, I know it's been years and I just sort of disappeared after high school, but I was wondering if I could ask you a question..." his voice faded off and he went real quiet. I peeked over at him because it almost felt like he'd just disappeared. 

"Yeah?" I urged.

"At graduation," he took a breath, "Shawn told me that you had said something about me to him. Do you remember what you told him?"

My face flushed crimson. Of course, I remembered! I'd told Shawn that I was going to make Jonathan mine that summer. Of course, I also hadn't known he was leaving, so my plans never came to fruition. I strangled out a "mmmhmmm" to let him know I wasn't ignoring his question, just dying of embarrassment. 

"Were you serious?" He stopped walking and turned toward me. 

"Mmmhmmm..." apparently I'm more or less mono-syllabic at this point.

"Why didn't you say anything to me before...?" 

"I thought I had all summer. My plan was slow seduction, not one-night stand... OMG. I can't believe I'm even telling you this! It was like 15 years ago!" I took a step back and turned away from him. 

Circling around me, Jonathan stepped closer and lifted my chin so I'd be forced to look him in the eyes. "Slow seduction?" His voice had deepened and there was a hint of a smile playing on his lips. 

I looked down at his mouth, then back to his eyes. "Yeah, slow seduction." Rolling my eyes, I turned and faced back toward the path. "Little good it did... you were gone the next week and no one had even known you'd planned to leave." 

"No, I didn't tell anyone." 

Before I could stop myself, I turned and asked: "Why?" 

He looked past me toward the path, then met my eyes. "So many reasons." Meeting my eyes again, he smiled. "I'm back, though." 

"Like, for good?" I wasn't sure I understood the direction of this conversation. I felt like I was running in quicksand. 

"Yup. For good. I served and now I'm finished." 

"Oh." His tone made it seem like he didn't want to talk about his service any further, so I let it drop. 

He stepped closer to me again, drawing my eyes back to him. 

"Shawn also told me that you haven't been seeing anyone. Is that also true?" 

"What? Is Shawn, like stalking me or something?" I took a step back, a little unsure what to make of all the knowledge he seemed to have of me. 

"No... not stalking you. I just asked him about you." 

"Why?" I couldn't stop myself from asking.

"Because I couldn't stop thinking about you while I was gone." 

My mouth fell open with shock. Jonathan smiled slightly then turned and headed off down the path. 

"What do you mean?" I asked his back as he strode down the path. 

Glancing over his shoulder, he said, "Just that. I couldn't stop thinking of you." 

"For 15 years?!" I asked incredulously. 

He didn't answer, but I kept following him. We'd come close to stream that wound throughout the woods, and he'd stepped off the worn path towards a large cottonwood. I followed quietly, waiting to see if he'd answer. I stopped with my back to the tree, keeping an eye on him and the path behind him. 

He met my questioning gaze before stepping closer to me. Backing me against the massive tree trunk, his lips swept over my eyes and my mouth. 

"Yeah, 15 years." he breathed and then he kissed me. I'm only slightly embarrassed to say that my response was immediate. My arms went up around his shoulders and I wound my fingers through his slightly outgrown hair, pulling him into me further as tilted my head to deepen the kiss. I'd thought about this for more than 15 years and my fantasies of this moment just overtook my brain. His hands grasped at my hips, anchoring our lower bodies to each other. 

He broke the kiss, pressed his forehead against mine and breathed heavily. I was panting and I could feel the wetness between my legs like a weight. I can't remember the last time I'd had this instant a reaction to anyone. 

Closing my eyes, I leaned my head back against the tree. I felt one of his hands leave my hip and trail up my waist, along my ribs, and settle on the side of my throat. I could feel my heart hammering against his hand like a trapped thing and I took a shaky breath before opening my eyes to meet his. 

The look on his face was feral, but before I could react, his lips were back on mine. His tongue slid along the seam of my lips and I opened them to let him explore me further. He slid his hand down my back, settling on my hip again, and again, he pulled our lower bodies tightly together. Through my yoga pants and his sweats, I could feel him rigid against me. A low moan escaped my mouth and he ate at my lips, tongue, and teeth tasting and testing me. His hand slid up the back of my shirt, and the feel of his hands on my bare skin made me shiver. 

"Are you cold?" he murmured. 

"no..." I sighed as he nibbled at my neck and collarbone. My body felt weightless and buoyant as he explored my skin with lips and hands. 

I slid my hands up the front of his shirt, letting my fingers roam the expanse of his stomach and chest, as much as I could reach while we were still mostly pressed together. 

He pushed my hands out from under his shirt, and before I could protest, he turned me around to face the tree. He lifted my arms so my hands were above my head, and with one of his, he held both of my hands. 

"Keep your hands there," he whispered hotly in my ear, and I did what I was told.

His hands fell to my waist and crawled back under my shirt. One hand wound its way around my hips and down the front of my pants and thong. When he felt how wet I was, he ground himself against my ass and I pushed back against him urgently. His fingers slid between my lips, brushing against my clit, and then delved inside of me without hesitation. I arched against him, widening my stance to give him more room to touch me. He moved his fingers in a steady rhythm, driving me over the edge of orgasm almost immediately. 

"Holy shit, you're so wet, Lucy." He moaned into my ear. "I want you so bad..." 

"Take me. Please." My voice was breathy and almost whiney. I sounded like some wonton hussy to my own ears, but he took me at my word. 

Sliding my yoga pants off my ass, he pulled his sweats down just enough that I could feel the warm, velvety length of him against me. 

"Are you on..."

"I have an IUD and I'm clean." I breathed, closing my eyes tightly hoping he understood.

"Okay, me, too." he whispered before pulling my ass closer to him and pushing my chest against the tree. He shifted his hips back and I could feel the tip of his length against my entrance. With one firm push, he slid into my wetness. I held my breath as he paused. When he pushed all the way and was sheathed as deeply in me as this position would allow, I exhaled. 

While he found his rhythm, I worked one hand behind me to grasp at his hair. He nipped at the nape of my neck before turning my face to the side and kissing me deeply. He held the kiss while he pounded into me from behind. My breath was ragged from the angel and the sensation of him inside of me. I could feel his rhythm becoming more erratic and I released his hair. Arching my back further against the tree and pushing my ass harder against him, I braced against the tree. He pushed a hand down the front of my pants again and rubbed my clit with just enough pressure to ride the line between pleasure and pain. 

"I'm so close..." he growled.

"Me... too..." I breathed. My orgasm built and built, spiraling low in my body until it was too big to contain anymore and I shuddered around him. I felt him go rigid behind me as he pushed into me deeply one last time. Our panting breath was the only thing I could hear over the pounding of blood. I felt like I was going to pass out, but his body kept me anchored and weighted to reality. A reality that was straight out of my fantasies...