 You were walking through the dining room on your way out the door when you felt something unexpected: A droplet of water on your left cheek.

While the thought of heading toward the gym could theoretically bring a person to tears, you were actually looking forward to working out some pent up energy.

No, this speck of liquid was coming from above - your ceiling, to be precise.

As you craned your neck skyward, you noticed for the first time a stain slightly larger than a breadbox.

"Fuuck," you thought.

"Hey, Alexa," you shouted back toward your living room. "What's the phone number for a local roofer?"

"I found five matches for roofers in your area," the computer hummed back. "Titan Roofing, Infinity Roofing and Siding, Bone Dry Roofing..."

How were you supposed to know who was reputable? Alexa did not hear your thought, and continued droning on... "Ken's Rapid Roof Repair."

"Alexa, stop." You pulled up Yelp to see if you could differentiate between these faceless enterprises.

The top rated was Titan, although someone had just written a review last week that was less-than-flattering about their customer service.

Ken's was the next highest rated - 4.2 stars out of 5. In browsing the reviews, you noticed many of them were from customers with similar problems.

Karen M. wrote: "I called after noticing a leak in my ceiling. We needed someone right away. Jack called me back within 10 minutes and came over within the hour. The job was a bit pricey, but Jack worked with me on a repayment plan. He was attentive and delivered when I needed him the most. Thanks, Jack and Ken!"

Reviews from Pam S., Colleen G. and most everyone else echoed Karen's comments. Ken's employees - whether Ken, his son Jack or his apprentice Antonio - returned calls, came over promptly in emergencies and provided top-notch customer service. Several reviews noted that the prices were higher than the competition, but that Ken's seemed flexible about how and when they got paid.

You called Ken's and left a message about your situation. Jack called you back within 10 minutes; he was on another job, but could be to your place in about 90 minutes.

"Perfect," you said. "I was on my way to the gym when I found the leak. So I'm going to go there and meet you back at my place at 3:30."

That was good with Jack, so you hurried off to get your workout in. It was no small feat: 30 seconds of handstands, an ab exercise called a "dragon flag" and another called a "Russian twist," kettlebell cleans and squats, each repeating seemingly a billion times.

Your core radiated with soreness and the sweat was cascading from your hairline to your neck. You knew that this hard work was going to result in positive gains; in fact, you could already see some of your effort paying off when you studied yourself in the mirror.

You checked the time after your workout. It was 3:08. Fuck. That wasn't enough time to use the gym shower and be certain that you'd be there before Jack. You toweled off the excess moisture and grabbed your duffel bag as you hustled out the door.

Jack was waiting in your driveway when you turned in just before 3:30 p.m.

"Hi, sorry," you said.

"No need to apologize," Jack replied. "I'm a bit early because that other job wasn't as involved as I thought it was going to be."

As Jack spoke, you began to survey him. He was wearing a short-sleeved blue and white cotton shirt that featured a red nameplate that, unsurprisingly, said "Jack" in a script font. The shirt was paired with a dark khaki pant and a belt adorned with what you could only assume were roofing tools. His shoes looked like they could grip any type of roof, but were also relatively free of scuffs. Jack had a well-kept beard, which was jet black, soft blue eyes, no ring and...

"I'm sorry...ma'am?" Jack said in a slightly raised voice.

"Huh? I'm sorry. What did you say? I'm a little fatigued by my workout, so I kind of drifted off for a second," you replied. It was a bullshit excuse, but Jack probably didn't notice or care.

"No worries, ma'am. I just was wondering if I could take a look at your ceiling before I hopped up on your roof," Jack said.

"Please...call me Janet," you replied. "And yeah, right this way."

You put the key in the door and Jack walked in close behind you. You caught a whiff of his scent, which included a surprisingly pleasant mixture of an aromatic cologne and sweat.

You led him to the dining room nearby and pointed at the ceiling. Jack took a good look before grabbing a nearby chair and stepping up to get a closer look at the extent of the leak. As he worked above you, you stole a glance at Jack's ass, which you could tell was round and tight.

"OK, yep. I think I've figured out what I need to check out," he said. "I'm going to grab my ladder and see if I can't pinpoint where this is leaking on your roof."

"Great. Do you think this will take long? I haven't had a chance to shower, so I'd like to get in there sometime soon," you replied.

"Oh, I'll be up there for a while," he said. "Or I can come back..."

"No, that's fine. You're doing me a favor being here now," you said. "I'll figure it out."

Jack exited the house. You darted into the bathroom, closing and locking the door behind you. You turned the water onto a setting somewhere between "hot" and "scalding" and waited for it to warm up. You checked yourself in the mirror.

"Oh, good one, Janet," you thought to yourself. "I'm sure he was impressed with your splotchy face and your boob sweat."

You peeled off your clothing and tossed your workout attire into a nearby hamper. You twisted and turned as you inspected your body in the mirror. Since you were a teenager, your chest has been your best feature. But the squats in the gym were really helping to make a shapely ass, and you figured it was only a couple of more months before you started to see real definition in your stomach. These workouts were brutal, but you were starting to love the way you looked.

The water felt good after the intensity of the workout. You didn't bother with your hair, but made sure to wash all the other places where sweat may have pooled. When you were satisfactorily clean, you grabbed your towel and began to dry off.

Jack was still on the roof - at least according to the pounding - so you walked over to your vanity and sat down. You took some of your favorite lotion and began running it up and down your smooth, toned arms. You applied a spot of makeup - certainly nothing garish, but a smidge of color to bring contrast to your face and then walked over to your immense closet. You settled on a pair of blue-gray polka dot cheekster panties, a pair of tight fighting blue jeans and a black tank top with crochet lace backing. 

You were putting your jewelry back on when you heard Jack clear his throat.

"Uh, hello, ma'a - I mean, Janet." 

You were startled. How long had he been outside your door? Had you left the door to the bedroom open a crack? You didn't remember doing that, but you also didn't remember closing it all the way.

"Yes, hi." You emerged from the bedroom to greet him where he had entered, the kitchen. 

Jack unconsciously scanned you from head to toe and then said, "Sorry. I didn't know you were..." he trailed off. "I found your leak. I'm going to need to go to the hardware store to grab some more supplies, but I think it's a straightforward fix."

"OK, sounds great you said," biting your lip and smiling. Did you really just bite your lip at him? Well, he was very sexy, you thought. You loved the way he kept pushing that single lock of hair out of his face, despite how many times it fell back into his eyes.

"It's probably going to take me like a half hour to get everything I need," he said, "but I should have it fixed tonight."

"Great, OK. See you later."

You watched as Jack jumped into his Chevy Silverado and sped off down your street. While he was gone, you caught yourself fantasizing about what he might look like without his shirt on. You had caught sight of his A-shirt peeking out underneath his work attire and started to wonder if it would get warm enough on that roof for him to show some extra skin.

Truth be told, it had been too long since you had been properly fucked. You knew you should leave Jack alone, but you couldn't help but daydream about this brawny man plugging another wet spot besides the one on your roof.

Figuring the closest hardware store was at least 15 miles away, you ran to your nightstand and found your cordless Magic Wand. This toy didn't come cheap, but it had paid for itself in thigh-tingling orgasms since you bought it 18 months ago.

You slinked under the covers and unbuttoned your jeans. You worked your pants and underwear over your hips and wiggled them down to your ankles. Setting the wand to its lowest setting, you ran it across your now-exposed mound and gently back and forth against your clit. 

Your thighs began pulsating as you upped the wand's intensity to medium and used your free hand to spread your now-damp pussy lips. You began thinking of how it would feel to grab Jack's tight butt as he pushed into your hot, tight hole. Waves of pleasure ran through your body. Your nipples were now sensitive to the touch, and you took the hand that had helped spread your labia and moved it up to your firm, round breasts.

The wand had two higher settings - high and ultra. You pressed the button to increase the intensity and your body trembled as you slid the wand across your clit again. You were starting to lose track of time, but it couldn't have been 30 minutes yet. 

You started to whimper and breathe heavily as your hands looked for all of your most sensitive spots. You briefly considered just edging, but the experience of fantasizing about Jack and you fucking had become too intense. 

You were going to let yourself cum. It would be your naughty little secret.

Your pulse quickened and you could feel beads of sweet forming on the back of your neck and you arched your back to push into the Hitachi. The wand did its magic and suddenly you felt the muscles in your pussy contract and expand rapidly. The orgasm the wand produced was so intense it felt like a faucet had sprung inside your body and the release felt like a wave crashing hard against a shore. You rode the orgasm as far it would go, leaning into the aftershocks that made your legs quiver uncontrollably.

You turned off the wand and laid it beside your body as you worked to catch your breath. The feeling had been so all-consuming, you were exhausted. You felt the urge to close your eyes, although your mind tried to protest.

A sharp knock on the door jolted you out of your post-orgasm haze, and you quickly pulled up your jeans and panties and sprang from the bed. Jack was standing there and he said, "Good news! They had what I needed so I'm going to hop up there and make the fix."

"Great! Get after it!" you said, and as he turned to head toward his ladder, you gave him a light smack on the ass.

Jack froze and you panicked. "Oh my God," you thought. "Why the fuck did you just do that?!"

"I'm - I'm sorry that was - "

Jack laughed. 

"Forget it. I'm just going to get up there and fix this before it gets too dark to see anything."

"OK. I - I'm going to go inside."

You tried to piece together what had happened. What had made you smack Jack's ass, besides an unconscious desire to do exactly that? He seemed to take it in stride, but was that because he was too shocked to react properly?

Jack banged away on the roof while you worked inside the house, trying to figure out what to say. Maybe pretend like it didn't happen? Maybe apologize? 

As the sun neared its setting, Jack climbed off the roof. He sat in his car for a few moments and then knocked on the door. 

"Can I come in, so we can settle the bill?" he asked.

"Yes, of course," you said, beckoning him into the kitchen.

You both sat at the breakfast nook while he explained what the repair he made and reviewed the costs. The supplies weren't bad, but the labor rate was higher than you expected.

"Hmm," you said, studying the bill. "I appreciate you coming over and fixing this before it got worse. But, I've got to be honest. This is more than I was expecting to pay today."

Jack said, "I understand that. Maybe I should have explained my rate before I started the job. I'm not sure what to say."

You replied, "Well, I read some reviews online from customers who said your company worked with them when they couldn't pay the full amount."

Jack said, "Yeah, we've done that for a few clients in special circumstances. What are we talking here? Can you pay half today? More than half?"

You sighed, "I don't get paid until the end of the month. I could probably do like half now and then most of the rest after I get paid. Would that be OK?"

"I don't know. I gotta call dad and see what's up."

You reached across the table and put your hand on Jack's. "Before you do that, I have another idea."

You're really going to do this, aren't you? you thought to yourself. Here you were, 34 years old, throwing yourself at a guy probably ten years younger than you. Do you really think this is going to work out? Or are you just going to embarrass yourself?

Jack looked at your hand on his and then brought his eyes up to meet yours. "What's your other idea?" You detected a slight trembling.

You smiled seductively.

"Well, in exchange for your um, understanding, about not having the full amount, I'd be willing to show you a good time."

Jack's eyebrow raised. He tried his best to suppress a smile, but you detected approval in his face.

"Oh, I was hoping you were going to say that because you're hot as fuck."

Despite your forwardness, you were surprised at his. You blushed.

"Thank you, you're kind of cute yourself. I do feel bad about slapping your ass earlier."

"Please don't," Jack said. "You don't know how much I wanted that. From the moment I saw you in that sports bra and yoga pants, I've been thinking inappropriate things about you."

At that moment, you dove in for a kiss. Jack's soft lips met yours and you immediately moved to straddle him where he was sitting. Jack was a couple inches taller than you, so with you on top it evened things out nicely. You continued to make out while your fingers moved to unclasp the buttons on his work shirt. Jack had run his hands underneath your top and was realizing, likely for the first time, that you weren't wearing a bra. His calloused hands began cupping your breasts before you made him shed both his work shirt and the sleeveless T he wore underneath.

You pulled back from the kiss to scope Jack's body. He had developed a solid farmer's tan, no doubt from long hours on rooftops wearing similar coverings to the outfit he wore today. His abs were lightly defined, and your finger traced the line from his oblique to his torso. It was so sexy.

He used that opportunity to remove your shirt; you were now both topless. 

"God, I love your breasts. You are so bangin'."

"Wait until you get my pants off."

Jack's eyes widened to saucer-width and he started immediately grabbing for the button on your jeans. You leaned back to make it easier for him. And when he had flicked upon the top button, you stood up so he could remove your jeans easily. When those came off, he grabbed clumsily for your underwear, but you blocked him with your hips.

"Take off your pants and meet me in the bedroom," you said, playfully running away.

Jack did as instructed. You giggled as he hopped on one foot into the bedroom as he tried to remove each of his socks. The Calvin Klein boxer briefs he was wearing made his entire package look enormous. You could not wait to get your hands inside.

He literally jumped onto your queen-sized bed and rolled on top of you. The kissing resumed, as did the inspection of each other's bodies with your respective hands. Jack seemed to be getting more aggressive. He slid his arms underneath your back and flipped you onto your stomach without too much trouble. 

Jack started running his mouth down your back, until he found your panties. He playfully nibbled on the hemline, and began using his mouth (and a free hand) to lower them and expose your ass. 

He then brought his head back up and began kissing the area where your butt met your back. You were surprised as hot the softness of his mouth on that area make your pussy wet. He then guided your knees up to an "all fours position," spread your thighs and began to lick your pussy from behind. His saliva was making an already wet area into a waterfall, and you were loving the feeling of his mouth all of over your most sensitive areas. 

"I want to fuck you," he said, in between long licks of your labia. 

You reached for your nightstand and grabbed a condom from the drawer that had all your play things. Upon hearing the drawer open, Jack lifted his head and said, "Stop."

You hand stayed on the drawer, but you froze as instructed.

"Grab that rope," he said, quietly but firmly. You removed four bands of red rope from your drawer of fun and flipped over, anticipating his next move.

You laid the condom on your stomach and handed him the rope. Unsurprisingly, he was an expert in tying knots. The ones he fastened to your bedpost were kind to your wrists but weren't going to release from the headboard without some help. Within a few minutes, he had bound your hands to the top of the bed and a leg to each post adjoining the baseboard.

You were spread wide, sopping wet and ready for him to enter you.

Jack slowly dropped his underwear, revealing a thick, circumcised cock that you reckoned was in excess of seven inches. His erection was so hard, his cock sprang to attention when it was uncoupled from its Calvins.

He positioned himself between your spread thighs and lowered his mouth to a position just underneath your breasts. His hot, soft breath made your body tingle and he laid kisses all the way down to your stomach, at which point he grabbed the wrapped condom between his teeth. 

He arched his back and bent his legs, so that his butt was resting on the back of his ankles. He pierced the wrapper, unfurled the condom and ran it the length of his erect member. 

Jack moved his mouth toward yours. He leaned in for a kiss, and you tried to meet him but the restraints prevented it. His lips remained just out of range.

He was teasing you.

Jack stroked his shaft a few times and then ran his hand along the inside of your thigh and into your drenched vagina. Your body shuddered in excitement over his touch as he ran two fingers inside of you and found your engorged G-spot.

Your mind was short-circuiting from his touch, but you managed to whisper, "Oh, fuck me right now."

Jack was all about controlling the situation. Kisses were on his terms, and the more you wanted him to replace his fingers with his thick dick, the more he seemed more interested in teasing you with it. He'd run the tip of his cock along your outer lips, brushing occasionally against your clit. You wiggled as much as you could as you felt your face get hot from a rush of blood there.

You were moaning, and dripping from Jack's touch. Finally, he acquiesced and gave you what you were now begging for: his fully erect, seven-inch-plus-and-a-handful-wide cock.

He rested his weight on his wrists about even with your breasts and used his hips to thrust himself deep inside of your willing honeypot. As he buried himself, you stopped briefly to consider your good fortune: A well-maintained man possibly 10 years your junior had tied you up and was now penetrating your willing body in a way that was surely going to bring you to orgasm.

Jack's ability to generate so much power from his hips was impressive. It allowed you to eyefuck him while he was inside of you. He sometimes lowered himself a bit to kiss your nipples or lick the line between your breasts. You were able to bring your hips up a bit to meet his thrusting, which made the whole experience feel even better.
