 I was out shopping when I ran into Wendy, an old work acquaintance. She had left the place I was employed at a dozen years ago and no one had heard from her since. Wendy looked pretty much as I last saw her. She was a petite woman with medium brown hair and a cute face.

She seemed happy to see me and after talking a few minutes she said we should get together sometime then left me her telephone number. Later that week I gave her a call and she suggested I stop by her home. I thought it was a bit strange, but we set up a day for me to stop by.

I remembered she had married a man named Mike, who was a travelling salesperson. He was on the road most of the time, so I wondered what Wendy did most of her days. I arrived at Wendy's home and she invited me in and asked me if I would like a glass of wine. I said yes and she poured us both a glass.

Wendy told me that after leaving the company we both worked for she became her husband's business manager. That didn't take up time so she was semi-retired at the moment. After talking awhile I gathered that she and her husband were having some problems.  

I guess the wine loosened my tongue a bit and I told Wendy I was attracted to her when we worked together. She smiled and said she had a thing for me as well, but she was newly married at the time. We looked at each other for a long moment. Wendy then stood up from the dining room table. She had been wearing a form-fitting shirt and a pair of shorts.

As she stood up she pulled the shirt up over her head and undid the shorts and let them fall to the floor. My mouth nearly dropped open. Wendy then walked over to me and sat on my lap. My face was now looking at her small, erect nipples. Wendy placed her hands behind my head and pulled me towards her breasts.

It didn't take much urging and I opened my mouth and drew a nipple into my mouth. We just went crazy from there. Wendy ground her ass against my crotch as I bit and sucked each nipple into my mouth. I could feel my cock getting erect as she slid her ass across my pants crotch.

Wendy then pulled away and stood up. She had me stand as well and she undid my pants and underwear and pulled them free. My shirt came off as well and Wendy pushed me back down on the chair. She positioned herself over top of my rigid pole and I felt her pussy lips brushing against my cock head.

Wendy started to slide down on my cock. She was tight as a young virgin, however. It took many minutes for me to enter her channel. Wendy was moaning by now.

"I need your cock, Dave," she told me.

I put my hands on her hips and I forced her down on my erection. I thought Wendy was going to pass out. She threw her head back as I pushed my dick up into her hot pussy. Wendy began sliding up and down my cock and I fed her every inch of my thick member. 

I reached out with the palms of my hands and I rubbed her small nipples. This seemed to get Wendy really stirred up. I was pumping my shaft deep into her belly as Wendy rode up and down using her muscles to milk my cock. I didn't think I was going to be able to hold out very long, but Wendy beat me to the punch.

"I am going to cum!" Wendy cried out.

I felt Wendy's warm juices coating my dick. She was spraying all over my crotch. That was all it took for me. I felt my nuts pinch and I began to shoot my hot man seed into her greedy pussy. I just kept sliding my dick into her belly and Wendy kept working up and down my erect pole. I lost count how long we kept fucking like that.

It wasn't long before I felt myself starting to get soft. Wendy's body was shaking for a few minutes before she pulled up off of me. Her legs were wobbling at first. She sat back down on my lap and we kissed each other. Wendy then told me that she and her husband Mike no longer had sex together.

She suspected that he was taking lovers as he travelled on the road for work. When we had met the other day something just snapped inside her and she decided to invite me to her home for sex. I was glad she did. Wendy was one hot little lover. Her pussy was so tight. 

We eventually got up and made our way back to the bedroom. Wendy got on her back and spread her thighs. Her pussy was leaking our love juices. She didn't need to say a thing to me. I climbed in between her legs. I placed my cock across her slit and then rubbed it up and down her gash. 

This got Wendy worked up once more and my cock got hard as well. I took hold of Wendy's ankles and pushed her legs back towards her chest. I positioned my cock head at her opening and then pushed in all the way. Wendy let out a scream as the entire length of my cock entered her.

I stretched out my legs and then began to fill her the the longest strokes I could produce. Our pubic bones made slapping noises as I drove my cock in all the way. I would then pull out, just leaving the tip of my cock in place, then slam my erection in all the way. Wendy was moaning and screaming for me to fuck her.

"Oh fuck Dave, give me that fat cock!"

I just went wild on her pussy. We must have fucked for a good hour there on the bed. Wendy came repeatedly. She was squirted her juices all over my groin area. I finally gave her another load of my cum. Wendy begged me to seed her that day. She wanted every drop of my cum I could give her.

We finally collapsed into each others arms. Wendy told me she wanted us to be lovers from now on if I wanted that as well. I told I did want her. We finished up in the shower that day. As the water poured over us we kissed and I sucked on Wendy's small breasts. I think she had a couple more orgasms as well.

The past few weeks have been spent with Wendy and I fucking constantly. Some days she will come to my place and others are spent in her husband's bed. One small problem is that Wendy was not using birth control pills and I hadn't used a rubber all the times we have been fucking.

I think Wendy is hoping I will make her pregnant and that is something I wouldn't mind either. She said she wants to leave her husband and live with me. If and when she tells me she is pregnant with our baby I know we will be together then.