 I'm sure you noticed me. Even just passing by me in the hall, I see you and smile, and we both kind of look away. We haven't even talked yet, but I have a HUGE crush on you. When I pass by your area, I always take the opportunity to check you out; your little dresses that show off your legs, and even though you don't put them on display, I can tell you have amazing boobs. And your hair is so dark, so sexy, but I really like it when you put it up and I can see the curve of your neck, leading down.

Sometimes I get hard just looking at you. I don't know if you noticed me staring. 

The other day I saw you at your computer, your legs crossed while you worked on something, and I could see your skirt riding up your thigh, and it was all I could do not to walk into a wall from staring. I decided I had to either ignore you, or just make my move, otherwise I'll go crazy.

Today I make my move.

I'm on the edge of my seat, waiting till I see you get up to go to the bathroom or get a drink of water, anything to get you alone.

Finally, I see you in the hallway, checking your phone. It looks like you're heading my way, probably to get a drink. I hop out of my chair, and just make a beeline straight for you. You don't even notice me till I'm almost on top of you, and I think I startled you! 

"Sorry!" I say, "I just wanted to say hi and introduce myself, I'm Mike and I know this is crazy, but you are incredibly beautiful." 

You blush and say, "Call me Sophie. And thanks, but I'm not sure what to say?"

"Well, you don't have to say anything if you don't want." I reach up and brush your hair from the side of your face. That's way more forward than I usually am, but I can't help it. I see you look around, check if anybody is watching. There's no one nearby. Most people are out to lunch. You reach up and touch my hand, and look at me, and say "I've noticed you for a while; I think you're very cute too." 

You smile, I can't help myself, I lean forward to kiss you and you hesitate, step back and say- "Wait a minute, not here." 

"Where?" I ask. You grin.

"This way." You turn around and start walking toward the rest room. You look back at me. "Coming?" You ask flipping your hair over your shoulder and opening the door, waiting for me.

I can't believe this is happening! I hurry over, check again to make sure nobody sees us, go in and close the door. There's no lock, but I grab you, turn you around against the door and tell you I've been waiting so long to do this. And I kiss you, standing there, I feel your hands reach out and grab my body and pull me into you. Your legs are spread just enough so my thighs fits between them, and I push into you as you moan into my mouth just a little. You break the kiss just long enough to tell me, 

"I'm not usually this forward, but I've been horny all day, and I need to cum. Can you please help me?" 

All I can do is kiss you again . I feel your body pressing against mine. 

Your hands run down my chest, to my waist, and then to my crotch and you can feel how hard I am. You start rubbing me outside my pants, and I take the hint and reach down, past the edge of your skirt, and slide my hand up your soft thigh, that I've thought of so many times, up the outside until I reach the edge of your panties. Then I move my hand around to the front, and then down, on the outside of your panties, till my hand covers your mound. I can already feel your hips humping into my hand. I can feel your wetness through your panties, so I bring my hand up to my mouth and taste you for the first time. 

You whisper into my ear,"Please, please, I need to cum, I need it..." My hand goes back down, inside your panties, to your soaking pussy, I gently insert one finger exploring your folds, your wetness, as you are moaning and kissing my ear; Two fingers, sliding into you, exploring you, as I hear you gasp.

All of a sudden there's a noise at the door behind you. The handle turns, and I push against it. "Sorry! Occupied!" Then there's silence. My fingers still inside you, you look at me and whisper so softly.

"Keep going." 

And as quietly as I can, I start finger fucking you, watching you, as your body tenses, my thumb starts playing with your clit, you close your eyes and I can tell you must be close. And suddenly you grab me, your thighs close on my hand, and you don't make a noise but your whole body shakes as you fall against me. As you recover, my hand is still playing with your soaked pussy, rubbing you more.

"Your turn." You whisper. 

You turn around and bend over, holding onto the door knob with both hands. I pull your skirt up to your waist, exposing your ass and your thong sliding through the crack, soaked with your juices. I unbutton my pants, pull out my cock, it's so hard, I know I'm not going to last long after that display, but I don't even care. I pull your panties to the side and slide the head of my cock along your slit, when you look back at me in anticipation, I slide the head in, nice and slow, I keep pushing until I'm buried in your sweet pussy. I stay there just for a minute, feeling you move against me, my cock twitching deep inside you, it's so tight, but so wet. 

I hold onto your hips, pull out and slide back in; you let out a squeak as you feel me inside you. I can't hold back any more, I start thrusting, in and out, slow at first, but faster as I feel the cum building inside me. You can feel me getting closer and closer, you look back at me, biting your lip, and I just stare at your mouth., as I stare into your eyes, my cock explodes deep in your pussy, i push all the way in, grinding against your ass, and you can feel me twitching over and over inside you. 

After a minute, I slide out of you, and you reach down and adjust your panties. Your skirt falls, covering your body, and you look in the mirror, then at me. 

"Thanks, I needed that. How about we go on a date sometime?" All I can do is smile and nod, as I zip my pants up and watch you walk back to your desk....