 They had been working together at CM Advertising for some time now and Mary had had her eye, most of that time, on Roger, as they worked in the same department. Their paths would cross regularly and she would flirt with him constantly day in and day out around the office but she never made any body contact with him. He was a few years younger than her and quite shy with it. They worked in a large busy office but rarely got to work directly together, that's why when they were assigned to the same job, Mary's pussy tingled with excitement of her two tasks, of doing the job well and conquering Roger.

Having the same assignment they had to do a lot of work involving design and photography which meant of course they had to work closely together and, in dark rooms! After hours on the road they would get back to the darkroom and carry on with their work. They would often have to squeeze past one another in the small dark room and Roger would feel his cock twinge and start swelling as her arse brushed over his cock and groin. He would get embarrassed and have to move away on work on another work bench, and she knew why and she would play on it, doing it several times in a row or until Roger's cock was hard and she'd smile to herself as he'd go into the corner to find something to do and her pussy would twinge and moisten. 

Days came and went and the project developed very very well, already the bosses were congratulating them although they were still waiting for the presentation day, as to have the whole project official. 

By now Mary and Roger were getting on well, they chatted all the time they worked, but never about sex or their private lives...This winded Mary up and would make her angry. As she really fancied Roger now, her frustration would make him pay by her being over flirtatious (she knew this affected him) when alone with him, but this would affect Roger and make him even quieter and he would always shy away from her. Yet, when Roger had the chance, he'd still show her affection, by arriving at work with the newspaper she liked to read, or a coffee... once he even bought her an ice cream.

It was one evening after a good day's work the two were back in the dark room looking at the results of a long mornings photo shoot that Roger, whilst Mary was wearing her light and tight jeans that would give him a semi-on throughout the day, and showing off all the contours of her delicious arse, thighs and hips. From the front, they outlined the opening of her now often wet pussy. She was leaning against the glass top studying the proof prints with her rumptious round arse sticking out and Roger started to imagine it naked, open for him to eat raw and couldn't stop himself getting an enormous hard-on.

As he passed, he lent over Mary's shoulder to have a closer look, without thinking he placed his hand on her arse and then moved it up to her hip. He didn't even realize, until she was pushing back onto his erect cock that was bursting to get out of his restraining underwear. She pushed back against him and moved up and down, very slightly and this made Rogers cock start to glisten with pre-cum inside his underwear, he thought he was going to explode as it pulsated against her subtle arse..

He lent over again, this time pushing her forward to the egae of the worktop, she was caught off guard and was a little lost for actions as his enormous cock seemed to slip into her crack again, slowly moving up and down. She turned to him and they started to kiss passionately, their hands exploring rapidly the curves of one another's bodies. Roger grabbed at Mary's soft round breasts as she reached down to embraced Rogers cock through his trousers, her eyes opened wide as she found it, and found it to be a nine inch wedge! She even thought she'd have trouble fitting in her mouth! She started to fumble at Roger's belt and fly. She had to taste this. She felt her pussy sore with heat as Roger's hand slid down to massage her clitoris through her now damp jeans. 

Their breathing leaving them without words as their tongues ventured into one another's mouths whilst their hands touched the most sensitive parts of their bodies, stimulating mutually. 

Roger's belt wasn't even open when the door knocked; being a darkroom they always had a certain warning..They scrabbled as their heart beats flew off the scale and Roger turned to open the door..One of the investor wanted to see Roger..

With his cock still throbbing he told Mary he would see her later!!..Two hours later Roger left the office, Mary gone home and his hard on had gone too.

They met at 8AM the following morning, had breakfast and it was Mr. Shy, Roger who broke the ice and gave Mary a kiss, a peck, that made her look back at him and kiss him back, barley touching lips. She left Rogers lips wet, and his cock throbbing again he was ecstatic and bursting under the table...they both knew what they wanted but did also have a full day's work ahead of them. They finished their coffees and left the café to fulfill their work obligations, both practically trembling with anticipation for when they could eventually taste one another.

As the day progressed they had more and more bodily contact, like they'd never had before. Their hands would touch whenever they got a chance and Mary would brush past Rogers enlarging cock, stroking it while passing and leave it throbbing hard as would their arses and any other part they could get into contact to.

It wasn't until late morning they were together alone in the darkroom, nothing more than Roger closed the door, Mary turned to push her mouth over his and her slim line body against his. He took no time in getting erect and she could feel his canoe of a cock through his trousers...They kissed passionately as her hands lowered to his belt once more, this time opening it in one swift move and lowering all clothing he had there. She needed two hands to grasp his smoothly contoured cock with veins sticking out all the way along it. 

She slipped to her knees to meet the warm aroma of Roger's beautiful cock. She held the shaft, moving her hand slowly but firmly up and down, making his purple head expand every time she lowered her hand to his balls, stretching his skin as far back as possibly. Her lips parted slowly as she started to taste the scent of this cock, licking it slowly and passionately from his balls to the top of the shaft, without touching his purple head. 

She managed to cover his shaft with saliva before speeding up with her thrusting hands, making Roger gasp with excitement, then she pushed his large cock head into her small warm mouth and started to suck as best she could. With this Roger was getting weak at the knees and beginning to feel the urge to shoot his load right into the back of her throat. They both loved it, she'd never had a cock this big and he'd never had a luscious lady sucking his cock like this before. She continued to let him face fuck her until her pussy was so wet so was already cumming. Out of his nine inches, she could only get about seven down her throat, she enjoyed deep-throating and this was a little frustrating as she took great pride in it. She liked to rub her chin against the balls of the person she was sucking off.

She lowered Rogers trouser so he could step out of them while still licking and rubbing this magnificent specimen of a cock and then stood slowly up. Immediately Roger pulled her top off exposing her rounded pert breasts still in their black lace bra, his hand fondled over her breast to her nipple, pinching slightly and continued round to her back to unhook the bra. It fell away, releasing the tension of her breast; they too were a magnificent sight. His hands slipped back round to her awaiting breast and her took the first nipple in his mouth, first wetting it with saliva and pinching it lightly with his teeth,. This sent shocks through Mary and she started to cum even heavier than the first time, making her gasp louder for breath as he caressed her clitoris harder and harder. 

He worked both breasts for some minutes before returning to her longing mouth, lashing his tongue between her lips both of them letting the dribble and saliva run over their faces. 

Roger took his top off and immediately set to work on Mary's trousers, exposing her soft skin and black lace thong. Once her trousers were off he pulled the thong upwards, pulling on her wet cunt and hot arsehole, she had her hands back on his cock giving it all she could. Roger lifted her and placed her gently on the glass worktop, gently pushing her backwards until she laid on her back with her legs spread and her feet resting on the edge. 

Roger rubbed his fingers up and down her soaking crack, slipping in first one then two fingers, and gently thrusting both into her as she battled to control her third orgasm. 

Before she knew it her thong was pulled aside and Rogers face was pushing at her swelling clit, darting his tongue in and out and up and down, pulling at her clit and flaps. She arched her back and widened her legs, gasping to control her screams as her third orgasm started to gush into Rogers open sucking lapping mouth. 

With her own juice now seeping round her arsehole, Roger licked it all up before pulling her trembling body lightly forward toward his throbbing cock. Mary knew what was coming and closed her eyes in anticipation as his enormous head slid into her opening, he retracted and pushed again, this time just a little bit further in and again retracted, until he was using only half of his stallion cock. 

Grabbing her arse to pull her further apart and pulling her knees to his shoulders, he thrust in, Mary had to scream out, oh, she'd never had anything like this and he wasn't all the way in yet! His cock must have been three inches wide, and by now her cunt was foaming, lubricating this shaft of meat pumping in and out of her making her body twinge as if reminding her she was coming for the fourth time. 

Roger continued to pump his nine inch throbbing trunk, deeper and deeper until eventually his balls started to slap against her anus, turning both of them on more and more, Mary was about to cum for the fourth time by a nine inch cock to its hilt inside her, she never thought she could handle that, and yet he was really gentle with her. 

He rubbed her erect nipples with saliva wetted fingers after caressing her body and legs; she rocked her head backwards lifting her back off the glass top pushing her already full pussy onto the last of this cock that she was already in love with. Roger's balls weren't slapping her hole now, they were rubbing her anus and both of them where shivering in ecstasy. 

Roger cupped his arms behind her arching back and again lifted her, this time clear off the glass top, onto the last remaining meat of his cock. Her legs reached round Rogers back to hold him and she jerked sporadically as she let her weight down onto the rest of Rogers nine inch cock. She clasped his head and kissed him wildly as she was fucking this nine inch beauty, then she started her fourth orgasm...electricity shot from her pussy to her nipples to her brain sending waves of pure ecstasy through her..This one of the four was the best orgasm. She was in the arms of this guy, she now loved and had a nine inch wonder all the way in her...she felt like she was pissing herself, and she couldn't do anything about, she was experiencing the best orgasm of her life. 

They hardly moved as she relaxed in his arms with his pulsating twitching cock and waves from her orgasm, it made her light headed. His cock now brimming with cum that was at the point of releasing itself. Rogers cock throbbed with every heartbeat he had, and Mary could feel it. She was getting over her orgasm and more than hungry to try and get that god cock back in her mouth. 

She opened her eyes to see Roger looking at her, they smiled together kissed and Roger released her back on to the work top. She didn't stay there long though, as dropped straight to her knees and reached for her god cock. She started to milk it but couldn't keep her mouth off it. She licked the shaft and straight to the head, enclosing it in her mouth and sucking gently so she could still feel his pulsating cock veins. 

While pulling on his shaft with one hand and squeezing his balls with the other, Roger started to jerk as his mushroom head could not expand anymore and he started to cum into Mary's welcoming mouth. With his initial spasm Mary knew he was cumming and closed her tight lips around his head, drawing back and forth slowly, still spitting its load she continued to suck and wank this enormous cock and then had to have a look at it while it spat its load at her, so she withdrew it from her mouth and let it spit over her wanting face, still pumping it, milking every last drop, until Rogers legs started to relax and his orgasm was over too. 

He bent down and kissed her cum covered face and then breasts, that he licked, then cleaned her face with his finger and placed it in her hungry mouth for her to lick and eat it up.

They were both trembling, Roger with his still hard cock in his hand while standing up and Mary now lying on the floor breathing quickly, eyes wide open staring at the ceiling wearing a huge smile across her face. Roger looking her at her eyes crouched beside her and again closed in on her face to kiss her passionately, the woman he now loves...

They don't work together any more, their project was a complete success though, AND they do live together and have a lovely family....

xx