 Cliche. Yes. But she was always attracted to her boss. She even had occasional dreams about fucking him. Acting on this attraction was not an option though. You can't mix business and pleasure. But, she really wanted to.

He always started the texts asking about work. But things would get flirty. It became clear that he wanted the same thing but he was so cautious with his new leadership role. He would never make a move. It was up to her.

She showed up early for the meeting. She was typically early, but this was, unusually early. The door to the meeting room was propped open. She pushes herself into the door and nudges the doorstop on the way inside. The door slams shut and he quickly looks up from his laptop. 

"Hey. I am still setting up". "You're here pretty early" he says as he glances at his watch. 

She smiles. "I came to see if you needed any help".

"Not really." He shrugs. "This is actually all set up. I am just looking busy so I can have a minute to chill." 

She smiles and shrugs back. "It has been really busy lately. I can tell you are stressed." 

He mentioned running as stress relief in a text conversation that turned flirty. She uses that as a way to turn up the heat. "Have you been going on lots of long runs lately?" 

He smiles because he knows what she is hinting at. "Well. That's all I have as an option to get my heart rate up right now." 

"I can change that." She says as she sits on the table beside his laptop. 

"Oh. Really? I would definitely like that." He responds as he turns his chair towards her. 

She stands up and pulls him over to her by the arm of the chair. She slowly puts her hand down the front of her skirt. His eyes grow big and his face lights up with delight at this bold move.

She was dripping wet with just the thought of fucking him. She slides two fingers down her slit and pulls her hand back out. Slowly rubbing her glistening fingers over his bottom lip she whispers "I think I would like that too." He lets out a sigh and opens his mouth slightly. She slides her fingers in his mouth. "What do you think?"

" I...I uh". 

"Give me your office key." She demands. 

He obliges without question. 

"Meet me there in 2 minutes". 

He nods as she walks away. He can't help but look at her ass as she pulls the door open. He feels his member growing in anticipation. This was actually happening.

He checks behind him. The coast is clear. He knocks quietly on his office door. The door opens but she is not in view. He walks in and she closes the door behind him. She appears from behind the door stripped down to a lacy bra and panties with a garter belt and black thigh high stockings.

"Jesus woman" he whispered as he looks up and down at her amazing curves. She is a petite girl but still has some nice curves. Her perky little tits are begging to be released from her bra. 

She could see the bulge in his pants. She leans on his desk and smiles as she tugs him closer by his belt buckle. She cups his package with the other hand and squeezes. "I have been wanting this." She unbuckles his belt and quickly moves to the button and zipper.

"Pull your dick out." 

He obliges without question. 

Standing beside his desk he takes his dick in his hand and strokes it. She moves to her knees and takes over the stroking before licking and rubbing his member on her lips. She wanted to tease him but once she tasted him, she couldn't help herself. She began working his dick with one hand and sucking in one smooth motion. She looks up and sees that his head is tilted back in pleasure. She quickens her pace. A quiet moan escaped his lips. She loved the feeling of power and control she had over him as she pulled and sucked his dick.

Then, the power shifted. He was the boss after all. 

He grabs her hair and pushes her deep down on his shaft before quietly saying "That feels amazing but now I am going to fuck you."

She looks up at him as he pulls his member from her mouth. Saliva strings from her mouth to his shaft. He guides her up to her feet as he pulls her panties down. He silently motions to her to sit on his desk. 

She sits on the desk and spreads her legs showing him her neatly trimmed pussy. Her lips were full and glistening with moisture. He reaches down to feel just how wet she was. His fingers slide in easily as she lets out a quiet moan. 

"Damn. You are so wet. I can't wait. I want to be inside you." 

She puts her legs around him and pulls him closer. He rubs the tip of his dick up and down her slit. She was dripping with anticipation, wanting his cock deep inside her. She moves her hips with a quick dip and he slides inside slowly. A moan escaped her lips. His dick felt amazing. He pauses.

"I want to fuck you but you have to be quiet."

"Can you be quiet?"

She nods. He moves his hips towards hers taking her with one quick thrust. She bites her lip in silent pleasure as he thrusts deep. He pauses. 

"It feels good to have you inside me," she whispers as she kisses him. After waiting just to enjoy the moment he started slowly moving back and forth pulling her along the full length of his cock. He pulls her legs up and holds them on his forearms to get full access to her. His pace quickens as he silently fucks her. Her chest was flushed and she was breathing hard.

He stopped his thrusting abruptly and pulled his dick out. He turned her to face his desk, and in one swift motion had her bent over with his cock deep inside her. She holds onto the desk for support as he holds her hips tight. He digs his fingernails into the tender skin of her hips as he pulls her down on his dick. She rocks her hips back and tightens her muscles around his big dick. He fills every inch of her as he thrusts, moving faster and harder. This sends shivers of pleasure through her body. She reaches between her legs and rubs her clit while he fucks her from behind. She moves along with his motions to enhance her pleasure. She wants to moan and scream as her pleasure builds but she can't. She holds back her cries of pleasure as she orgasms and her body shakes releasing the tension. 

He was not far behind and he quietly says "I am going to come." 

She turns and drops to her knees, her legs still twitching. She takes him in her mouth and starts licking all her juices off of him. Sucking his cock hard and stroking his shaft his warm load shoots straight to the back of her throat. She looks up and wipes her lips. He pulls up his pants and says "Get dressed. You don't want to be late for the meeting."