   All characters appearing in the following work are fictional. Any resemblances to real persons, living or deceased is unintentional on the part of the author. Owing to the graphic depiction of sexual situations contained in the following narrative all characters are considered to be of the majority age of eighteen years, or older.

        - Thank You




 Cooking and serving pizza wasn't the worst job in the world, but since it was only part time and until she was free to move out of her parent's house, Cassie tolerated it as best she could. The extra money it brought in gave her something to play with and the work experience was valuable in and of itself. 

 Tonight, the restaurant had been dead. Middle of a regular week, without a holiday weekend in sight, she had cooked a couple of pies for regulars, but beyond that had spent most of her short shift bull-shitting with the counter guys and the one waitress that shared the shift with all of them. The waitress was an old hand. That meant that she had to be careful what she said – as did the other 'kids' that worked with her – but Cassie had enjoyed chatting up Marcus and the new guy, Pierce. 

 At a quarter after nine the four of them were punching out and heading to their respective cars. A light rain had begun to fall and even though home was only a few blocks away, she was not looking forward to the wet walk home. Just as she was stepping off the curb Marcus rolled up and offered her a ride home. Thankful for being spared the walk in the present weather Cassie folded her umbrella and spilled herself into the front seat of his car. She watched as he fucked around with the stereo for a minute or two before switching it off altogether and striking up a conversation with her. Aside from having shared a few classes in high school – and two drinks during a graduation party in the middle of the forest – this was as close as the two of them had ever been outside of work! She was a little afraid to admit it, but Cassie could feel the crotch of her panties moisten from his proximity and thoughts began to drift freely to her of this newest possibility. . .

 Cassie spent the next several working days trying to find ways to spend more time with Marcus whenever their shifts coincided with one another. There were several times as well, whenever she was bent over and putting a pizza into the oven – or taking it out – that she might have sworn that he was sneaking quick glances at the swell and gentle curve of her ass! It was all very exciting. Especially since she had not gotten any action since her bit of strange in the boy's locker room when she had still been in school. 

 She flashed back on that chance meeting, and smiled at the memory of being as wanton and free as to have risked having sex with a complete stranger just because her body had needed the release at that particular moment. As a precaution against that sort of thing happening again, Cassie had seen her doctor and, finally, gone on birth control. She hated taking pills though and therefore never left home without a couple of rubbers stuffed down in the bottom of her purse. Now, as she caught Marcus looking at her as she was, again, taking another pizza out of the oven, her mind began to dwell anew on the possibilities this was presenting. Noting the time on the clock she was only too happy to realize that the two of them were again closing up the restaurant alone.

 Coming out of the bathroom, Cassie casually stuffed her sodden panties down into her purse and smiled at Marcus as he was putting tonight's till in the safe in the manager's office and closing the door. He was just turning to lock the outer door when she stopped him and leaned into him in order to plant a kiss on his lips. He tasted like a mix between diet soda – the only kind he drank while working – and the bread sticks he snatched to keep him going. She was not at all surprised then as he leaned down and into her and then gave a slight jump of surprise as his hands found her ass. He parted her lips with the tip of his tongue and gave her another start when his fingers closed on her butt and he became aware that she was not in fact wearing any underwear underneath her uniform slacks. 

 Breaking the kiss and smiling down at her he said with mocking seriousness; 

"I am going to have to discipline you for being out of uniform." 

Now it was her time to smile back at him as she felt her own heat beginning to fill the crotch of her pants. 

"Well" she offered, "hadn't you best take me into the office so that we can discuss my infraction in private?" 

Without further preamble Marcus took her by the elbow and turned her through the door, closing it behind them.

 Inside the office there were only a few pieces of furniture. The manager's desk – which was too covered with papers and other work to make a suitable spot for what Cassie had in mind. The overstuffed chairs might have sufficed and indeed look to be the right height, and then there was the couch. Marcus was not missing a step though and she found herself having a hard time concentrating as his soft lips found the sensitive skin along the back of her neck and behind her ears. She was melting into his arms and found the strength there, and in his chest, comforting. Her body continued to relax in preparation. 

"Mmmm!" groaned Marcus as he switched from kissing her earlobes to nibbling on them. 

"Oh!" was Cassie's only suitable response and at that point her slacks were well-moistened from her own building arousal and she could feel Marcus tenting into the small of her back. 

 Without asking one of his arms snaked around her waist and as his hand found the top of her pants, she became aware of the sound of the button popping open. A second later that same hand was pushing the pants down and his fingers combed through the untrimmed bush covering her vaginal mound! 

"Oh!" she cried, when those same fingers teased the very top of her slit, causing her clitoris to peek out from underneath its own hood. 

"Just say no if you have changed your mind." whispered Marcus. 

Instead of saying anything though, Cassie pressed his hand against her, harder still, and that was all the encouragement that he needed in order to continue. 

 Cassie was so far gone in fact, that she did not even protest when instead of making use of the couch, or one of those chairs, he pushed aside some of the papers on the floor and laid her out on her back with her legs spread wide as though inviting him in to finish what the two of them had started. 

 In a trice he had her raising her butt and her pants vanished in a second! She was then completely exposed – or at least the parts that mattered the most were – and Marcus sank onto his stomach bringing his nose on level with her exposed and readying snatch! 

 Cassie groaned then at the first passes of his lips and then when his tongue found her slit she quaked at that touch until she nearly shook him loose! Marcus stopped her twitching by the simple expedient of draping most of his weight across her hips and then he redoubled his own efforts and buried his tongue into her wet opening until she groaned and thrashed as her labia were mercilessly nibbled and sucked. 

 Just when Cassie thought that she would not be able to take anymore his lips teased her clitoris out into the open and he sucked it into his mouth and thrashed it with the tip of his tongue! 

"Oh . . . sweet, fucking, Christ . . . I am going to cum!" 

She heard someone calling and then realized that it had been her speaking those words just seconds ahead of that cresting wave of pleasure that made the act of sex completely worth it! Her hips bucked one more time against the weight of his arm but he held her down as her body seized up and her mind became a fog of white noise as pleasure poured into her and she felt her body releasing her juices into Marcus' waiting mouth.

 His tongue never quit beating at her clitoris throughout her orgasm and he did not stop until she had crested and then began to calm down. Cassie knew that her chest was flushed and that she was still breathing heavily when she felt his strong hands underneath her butt as he rolled her onto her stomach. The carpeted floor placed her at the perfect height to make up for the few inches that Marcus had on her. The sound of tearing foil told her that he was safety conscious enough to be carrying his own condoms and she appreciated the gesture. 

 A second later – the time it took him to unroll the sheath over the head of his cock and down the shaft – he was back behind her and running the covered, and newly lubricated, head of his cock over her swollen vaginal lips and into her slit. His teasing was more than she could handle! 

"Please!" She gasped. "Just fuck me!" 

Cassie then groaned at the sweet intrusion of the head of his cock passed through the pinched opening of her vagina and filled her canal completely until the walls of her convulsing pussy gripped it and held it inside of her. Groaning his pleasure Marcus playfully swatted her upturned ass a few times as he began to tentatively thrust at her. 

 He never made full strokes and kept his pace slow and teasing for those first, agonizingly pleasing, moments. Cassie tried to get him to be more aggressive but the angle at which he was taking her, coupled with the fact that she could not get on traction on the floor, made getting any leverage impossible. She could only lay there, helpless, as he took her at his leisure. 

"Dammit, you're tight" he offered, even as he pushed in completely for the first time, opening Cassie up and pushing the mushroomed head of his rock-hard cock as far inside of her as it could go! 

 Tears came to her eyes and spilled down her cheeks. She had taken large cocks before, but the only time she could ever remember being this filled had been when she was astride and controlling the depth of the penetration. Being taken doggy style, while allowing for deep thrusts, had never brought her to the brink of an orgasm before, not like Marcus was now doing! 

 When it finally did crest she pounded her small fists on the floor and groaned as he continued to slip into her, altering the angle of her hips and opening her for his full length and girth. Cassie's second orgasm was diffuse – she had never thought of herself as being able to have multiple orgasms – but the pleasure was still undeniable and she felt it as her upper thighs and tender pussy were soaked in her juice, she could only imagine the mess she had made of Marcus. His strokes became shorter, and much harder, in response to her second orgasm. 

 The pain was welcome as each sharp thrust brought a coinciding wave of pleasure in its wake. Her tits were pressed into the thin carpeting covering the floor, so she couldn't tease her nipples the way that she liked, so Cassie settled for sliding one hand back until she found the puckered font of her ass! Shocking herself she teased the opening only a little before plunging that finger into her own backdoor . . . 

 The sight of her using her own ass while he was 'balls deep' inside her snatch, sent Marcus over the edge at last and Cassie felt him spilling inside of her. The only thing saving her from the huge loads he was shooting was the thin stretch of latex between his spewing cock and her well-fucked pussy! Marcus came in silence, aside from a few grunts to accompany his balls emptying themselves deep inside of her. At last he shrank back and slipped out of her, leaving her gaping and weeping gash open to the air conditioned room. 

 Marcus slowly pulled his pants back up and fastened those in place before rooting around in the shadowed corners of the room and, at last, passing Cassie her own discarded clothes. Her blouse and work vest were a mess from the way that he had so vigorously used her, but she did not mind. As a last gesture of appreciation for what Marcus had done for her, she took the used condom from his hand – as he had not yet found the trash can – and casually made a show of sucking it into her mouth and draining the huge load he had left inside of it for her. 

 The mingled tastes of her own pussy and his cum was intoxicating but the dull ache coming from between her legs made it clear that she was not going to be making a repeat performance anytime in the next few days. Smacking her lips she held onto the condom. Throwing it atop the trash can in the boss's office would be a dead giveaway and neither she nor Marcus needed to lose their jobs because of a harmless fling in his private domain.

 Walking out of the office on unsteady legs, Cassie found Marcus waiting by the front door, keys in his hands. 

"Give you a ride home?" he offered, smiling at the double meaning. 

"Sure" smiled Cassie. "Then maybe you can ride me again when we get there" she offered, pressing her sodden and shed panties into his free hand as she walked out ahead of him . . . 

    End – For Now