 "Welcome aboard John," the man said, extending his hand out for a shake.

"Thanks Mr. Johnson," John replied.

It had been a typical first day on the job for John -- boring training videos and even more boring discussions about the company policies and procedures. Even the lady who was doing the orientation told them up front it was going to be boring, but she had to do it anyway. 

She would do silly things to try to make it all interesting, even slipping everyone some candy here and there. Towards the end of the morning, the training came to a close and the manager, Mr. Johnson, arrived to give his speech. Not a speech exactly, but more the "welcome to the team" stuff that managers always seem to do. 

In the middle of it John wondered how managers were always so peppy all the time. Once the speech was over, everyone else went home, except for John. Someone had called in sick and they asked him if he could start that afternoon. His evening plans had consisted of playing video games and watching porn, so he agreed to stay. 

The bookstore was rather busy for a weekday, but no one could really figure out why; school was still in session and people were supposed to be working. But the doors kept opening and people kept coming in and spending their money. 

When John got out to the floor he met with Kathy, his new supervisor. She was in her late 30's, wearing black slacks and a blue blouse. She was nice, if humorless, but she took John under her wing and efficiently showed him the ropes. Within a short time, he found himself in the erotica section re-organizing the books. (Kathy made him do it, honest!). While he was adjusting a full shelf, a few books fell on the floor. As expected, John went to pick them up, but unexpected was the cleavage that he nearly fell into when he crouched down.

It was very nice cleavage, contained in a black loose shirt with a deep V-neck. Peeking out of that was a lovely black silky bra, pushing the previously-mentioned cleavage upwards. The surprise of finding said cleavage in front of him threw John off balance. He ended up falling right smack on his butt, looking slightly dazed. The first sound that penetrated his fog was a giggle, so John turned his gaze up and saw raven hair framing a woman's face. Her face was oval, with a soft chin and thin eyelashes. Ocean-colored eyes met below the lashes and her lips were thin but still kissable.

"You okay?" she said while extending a hand.

"Yeah, thanks," John said.

He took her hand and she helped him to his feet. Introductions were made and she said her name was Vicki. Apparently she had also been called in and was going to be finishing the shift with John. They both just looked at each other for a moment, until a cough from a patron a few aisles over brought them out of their trance.

They both laughed a little and then realized that the books were still on the ground, so each bent over and retrieved a couple of the fallen volumes. John looked at his and was intrigued but placed it back on the shelf. Vicki, however, took the book she picked up and was reading the back cover.

"That is hot," she said as she placed the book back in its home.

John began to blush a bit, going back to his work and hoping Vicki wouldn't notice. She did, of course, and chuckled a bit when she saw his reaction.

She looked around then whispered in his ear, "Everyone does it and you know it."

Before she could say anything else, a young girl came around the corner needing help. Vicki gave a wink and took her by the hand to help her find the children's section. But what she said stuck in John's head, echoing loudly inside his brain. He just stood there for a moment, slightly dumbfounded. He didn't want to read into it, but damn if her sexy voice didn't stir what was inside his pants!

"Code 4, all associates Code 4," came a voice over the in-store intercom. 

With a curse, John made his way to the registers, remembering his fake smile. What that page meant was that everyone who knew how to run a cash register was needed up front. No one had shown him how to do that yet, but he decided to show some initiative. When he got to the front it was crazy; he really didn't know where to jump in, but Kathy saw him and guided him. She thanked him for coming up, and then set him to work bagging books for the customers. She said it would have been grounds for murder to toss him on a register now, and expressed her gratitude again for his coming and helping.

The rest of the day was like that, lots of customers everywhere. And it seemed that John volunteered for trouble when he went to the front that first time. After that, every time he would try to get back to his scheduled duties, or find Vicki, he would be paged. Vicki, instead, was the one who found him, twirling her black skirt and adding a wink before slinking off. This aroused John further but he managed to keep his mind on his work, trying to ignore his slowly growing arousal to her.

On his breaks and lunch, they seemed to keep missing each other. But whenever they would pass by she would always give him a wink and blow him a kiss. John couldn't believe how she was flirting with him but it was very damn obvious. It had been a while since John had had a girlfriend or had gotten any form of sex (not counting his right hand), so the constant flirting drove John insane. It took him beyond aroused, to flat out horny. But she was always going left when he went right.

Before John realized it, it was nearly closing time and there wasn't a customer in the place. He went into the back room, looking for a cart to start picking up the books left behind when he heard something. He slowly and quietly made his way to the back corner of the storage room. He found the source of the sounds and was stunned at the sight.

Vicki was on the floor sitting on a gray sweatshirt, leaning against the wall. Her skirt was hiked up around her waist and she had on no panties. Her shirt was pulled up and her bra flipped up as well, freeing both her lovely breasts. Currently her left hand was squeezing her breasts and twisting her left nipple. Her eyes were closed as her right hand was sliding two fingers into her pussy at a quick pace. She squeezed her left tit and twisted the nipple painfully, John thought. But the very sexy moan Vicki let escape her mouth meant that he was wrong.

He just stood there watching this, his dick becoming harder in his pants. He wasn't worried about getting busted because to the left of her was a stack of boxes, filled with who knows, what stacked to the ceiling. He just stood there and watched her, slowly rubbing the front of his pants. He looked for the novel of erotica that he figured had gotten her this aroused. But instead he heard her whisper 'oh John' as she moved her left hand to her clit, stimulating it, as well as the fingers already sliding in and out of her pussy.

With great reluctance John slipped out of the room, only doing so because he knew she was getting close to her orgasm. But he had to adjust himself before going back onto the floor to make sure everyone didn't get an eyeful. When he came back out Kathy told him to listen to Vicki and do whatever she said. She handed him the keys and he walked her to the door and closed it behind her with a wave. 

With the door shut and the lights off John went straight toward the backroom, lust boiling over in his mind. But as he rounded a corner almost to the door a pair of hands grabbed him and threw him from behind into a bookshelf. He back slammed against the shelf as Vicki came around to his front and started to kiss him passionately. Their arms were all over each other, feeling and touching. She assaulted his lips, fusing them with hers with all the passion she contained. Tongues darted into each other's mouths, exploring the lust between them. Clothing of both kinds dropped to the floor and within a moment, Vicki was on her knees sucking John's throbbing dick. 

He looked down and watched Vicki, who turned her eyes up to him while taking his eight inches into her mouth. She took him in deeply, then slowly raked her teeth along the length of his shaft as she slowly pulled away from him. John let out a loud groan as Vicki slid his dick from her mouth, her teeth causing a whirlwind in his already lust-filled mind. 

She then returned to sucking him, quickly sliding his hardness in and out of her mouth. She grinned around his hard dick, loving the looks of lust that were emerging from John. She took a moment and took her mouth away and just jerked his dick. He grunted and moaned and begged her to keep sucking him. She did, only after taking her nails and gliding them all over his balls and up the bottom of his shaft all the way to his tip.

"Fuck," John yelled. He had never known anyone so sexy in all his life.

"Gladly," Vicki says as she gets onto her hands and knees. 

It took John a second to stop trembling from the blowjob and get his wits about him. He looked and saw Vicki wanting to be fucked, and lowered himself down to his knees behind her. He decided to tease her a bit, and slid a finger inside her. He found that she was sopping wet, and he listened to her as he teased with the finger inside her. He pumped the finger inside her, and then he slid another, and worked both fingers into Vicki. She cried out loudly, grunting and moaning.

"Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck," she chants. She feels an orgasm building in her.

"Take that cock and fuck me John."

"No," he says and starts to tongue her pussy. Flicking and licking all over her pussy and finding her clit. He then switches his attention to just her clit, teasing it with fingers and tongue. Rubbing it then flicking his tongue all over it. Vicki starts to say 'fuck me' over and over in a mindless chant. 

"FUCK!" Vicki yelled. 

Thomas stopped licking and, with a single thrust, filled Vicki with is throbbing dick. She let out a scream as he grabbed her hips and started to pound her. Their bodies began to sweat just a little. The fucking they were doing would wear anyone out, but they just kept screaming and ramming away. 

"Use..use me," she started, "I like it rough and dirty." John didn't miss a beat, he just kept ramming her. But then he got an inspiration and slapped her ass. She let out a moan at this, so he did it a bit harder. But still not interrupting his rhythm of working himself into her. The more he slapped her ass the more vocal she would become. Then he reached out and grabbed her hair and carefully pulled on it. All the while he keep his dick filling her pussy, savoring the moment.

"Oh yeah John, fuck yeah," she exclaimed between thrusts.

John didn't know how much longer he was going to last and he told her so. She told him to just fuck, so he kept a grip on her hips and kept thrusting into her. They both went back to moans and grunts, letting themselves go in the moment. The sweat began to build on both of them. Vicki's ass became redder as John kept slapping it; she also loved when he yanked her hair a few times. The first time he did she let him know with a scream that she liked it. So he kept at in between slapping her ass.

Then before either knew what happened, they both came at the same time. They barely stayed on their hands and knees as the waves of their orgasms took them, shaking them to the core, but somehow they managed to stay in that position. Once they pulled apart, Vicki stretch out onto her stomach with John coming up next to her.

"So.....how was your first day?" she asked, still slightly out of breath.

"I think I am going to like working here."

(This is my first story that I have made public. Good or bad please email me at and tell me what you think. I hope you all like it!!!)