 DISCLAIMER: My stories are not intended to be great literary works. Rather they are simply a re-telling of some of my experiences from my life enjoying sex and pleasure. I have always had a very hyper libido and have I have had few reservations about giving in. There are many talented fiction writers on this site who produce some really good stories. But I have chosen to keep mine as close to the real events as I can recall. So while I welcome readers' comments and feedback, please understand that I can't alter or "punch up" the stores without sacrifice of the real life elements they contain.



This experience took place when I was in my early 20's and spending a summer with and aunt & uncle in Texas. (See "My Life in Lust" part 1 for background) my aunt asked if I would help out a friend of hers who managed a mobile home park. I suspect my aunt thought I needed something to get me out and about during the day and give me a break from lounging around the pool.

Now this wasn't't a trashy trailer park at all. All the permanent homes had nice underpinnings and the grounds were very well maintained. Most of the residents were retired. Many of the residents were only there part of the time as they lived in the northern or Midwest states and came south for the winter

The next day I drove over to the mobile home park and met up with Carol, my aunt's friend. I had known Carol for several years and she was almost like a surrogate aunt to me. Carol was in her late forties with a cute face and a few extra pounds on her body. She smiled easily and dressed rather simple. She was neither flashy nor aggressive. After we talked for a while and caught up, she explained what the job was. Preparations were getting underway for the soon to begin migration of the "snowbirds" back from the cold weather states. Gus, the handyman, would be going around getting some of the homes ready for the owners (in addition to his normal workload). Carol needed me to assist by running simple errands, and helping her with some of the office work. I would work about 4 to 6 hours a day, about 3 days a week. 

Gus was in his mid to late forties. He had a lean built and crew cut. His face featured friendly blue eyes and an easy smile. He was about six feet tall and had an easy gait and a demeanor of self confidence. He was friendly but not pushy.

The way most days went was something like this; Carol would open the office at 8 each morning. Gus would come in shortly thereafter and get the work orders for that that day. I would generally get there about 10 or 11a.m. and work until about 2 – 4 p.m. depending on what Carol needed help with.

One day during my second week there Carol had me go around and deliver some fliers to all the residences. As I approached the Smiths' residence I heard some noise coming through an open window. It was the unmistakable sounds of sex. Now both of the Smiths were in their late 50's and retired. I thought it was kindy hot and sexy that they were still getting it on after all their years of being married. Since sex of any kind always gives me a wetty, I decided to see if I could sneak a peek. 

I looked around to be sure no one was outside to see me and then climbed up on a large concrete planter right outside the living room window. What I saw almost made me gasp out loud. Mrs Smith was bent over the back of a chair and Gus the handyman was standing behind her wearing only his tee shirt and giving her a steady, deep stroking. He had his hands on her hips and was driving into her in a very solid fashion. Mrs Smith had her hands on the arm of the chair and was moaning and saying "Oh yes, oh yes..... Don't stop..." Gus showed no intention of stopping. 

Mrs Smith rolled her head back and forth, up and down and continued her moaning and groaning. She would from time to time exhale strongly and then grip the chair arms tighter. Finally she seemed to collapse in surrender. She told Gus "My God man, are you trying to kill me?" Gus stopped his movements and just stood there for a moment. It occurred to me that I better move, because now that the fucking was subsiding, there was a very good chance they might see me. 

I got down off the planter and made my way (dizzy and shaking) to a safe distance and sat down to catch my breath. My pussy was soaking and quivering. When I was composed enough to resume walking, I completed my rounds. But the entire rest of the time I could only think of the sight of Gus standing behind that woman driving his cock up in her.

On my way back to the office, I passed the Smith's residence and this time I saw Mr Smith pulling into the driveway. He and one of his neighbors got out and removed their golf bags from the trunk of the car. Apparently while Mr Smith was out playing 18 holes of Golf, Gus was playing a couple of holes of Mrs Smith. This made me smile as I walked on.

That night I masturbated furiously wondering if I might ever get to see that sight again. After a restless night of broken sleep, I got up earlier than usual the next morning and decided to go to on in to work. When I arrived at the office, the "I have stepped away and will be back shortly" sign was hanging on the door. This indicated that Carol was away from the office. I fished out my master key that she had given me and let myself in. 

Once inside I heard a familiar sound coming from down the hallway. "Now what???" I thought to myself. I made my way quietly down the hall to the backroom that acted as Gus's workshop. This time my knees almost buckled. Because this time it was Carol that was bent over a bar stool and hanging on to the edge of Gus' workbench. Her rather large breasts were swinging and her mouth was wide open and gasping for air. About the only thing I remember hearing her say was "Oh God... Oh God..... Oh God..."

My position was at the open door, peeking around the wall and I had a mostly side view. I stood there transfixed and stared at the woman that had always seemed so soft spoken and shy getting her pussy pounded by her handyman. I watched as Gus' lean muscled body moved in a controlled rhythm. I could see his cock slide partially out of Carol's pussy on each out stroke. As I raised my gaze I saw with horror that Gus was looking right at me with a grin on his face. He never broke stroke but when we made eye contact he gave me a wink. He seemed to be completely unfazed and unbothered by me watching. Then he did something that was just for my benefit. He grabbed Carol by the back of her hair and held her head down while he pulled his cock out of her. I could barely contain my gasp. Gus had a cock that was at least 8 inches long... And more likely closer to 9 inches. His cock was not overly thick but certainly thicker than average. And judging by the amount of Carol's juice on his rod, it was tool used by a skilled craftsman.

With another wink he reinserted his cock and resumed his fucking of Carol all the while looking at me. I felt overwhelmed and light headed. Carol let out a sudden scream and started banging her fist on the workbench. This jolted me back to reality and I beat a hasty retreat. 

Safely outside in my car I sipped my soda and waited until Carol appeared and took down the "away" sign and replaced it with the "Open" sign. (After what I had just witnessed, I had no doubt she was opened up.)

Gus soon walked out and I went in. Carol had pulled herself together nicely and the only outward indication of what she had been doing was that her face and neck were still flushed. She also had the air conditioner on full blast while she complained how hot and stuffy the office was first thing in the morning. 

After settling in, Carol asked if I could open the office for her tomorrow morning as she had to go downtown to meet with a zoning committee. I told her that I could, no problem. Inwardly I was already getting butterflies about the possibility of being alone with Gus.

The next morning I arrived at the office about 7:30 (I could barely sleep the night before). I locked the door behind me and made coffee. I sat at Carol's desk and tried to calm myself. And then, just before 8, Gus let himself in. He shot me a smile and poured himself a cup of coffee. As he stood there sipping his coffee he looked at me with a twinkle in his eyes. "So, what's on the list to do today?" he asked. I swallowed and picked up the 4 work orders laying on the desk. Before I could speak he asked me "Did you like what you saw yesterday?" 

I must have looked like a deer caught in the headlights when I weakly replied "Yes. Yes I did." Gus smiled broadly and walked over to make sure the door was locked. He pulled his tee shirt over his head and tossed it on a chair. Then he unhooked his short pants and let them drop to the floor. His cock was not completely hard, but it was swelling up and it looked even bigger than it did yesterday. He walked over to me and put his hand behind my head and pulled my mouth towards his dick. "Darlin'... You can stop or say 'no' anytime you want" he said.

STOP??? NO??? Not bloody likely.... I opened my mouth and began to gently lick and suck on the head of his cock. I flicked my tongue on the underside of his cock head and gently stroked his shaft. He inhaled deeply as I started to caress his cock with my lips. His penis was getting harder and harder. It was now standing fully erect and out from his body. He pulled me up by my arms and started removing my clothes. I looked down at his tool that pointed straight out and my pussy flooded. Gus ran his hands over my breasts and tweaked my nipples. He touched my pussy and inserted a finger into me. "Seems you are ready darlin'" he said with a smile. I could only nod as he lifted me up and sat me on the edge of the desk. He bent his knees slightly and pushed his cock up in me. I could feel my pussy lips being parted and then my entire canal being opened up. "Oh darlin' ... You are a tight one." he commented.

It felt like his cock was bumping the back of my belly button. He held on to my hips as I braced my arms behind me to keep myself setting up. He drove into me, not in a rough or brutal way, but more like determined. The pumping rhythm of his hips was a steady controlled motion that left no doubt that he was fully in control. In this position his cock was not only sliding in and out of my pussy, but it was also rubbing across my clit with each stroke. I knew I wouldn't't last long, and sure enough after just a few minutes it felt like the amazon was being unleashed inside me. I threw my arms around Gus' neck and held on for dear life. But me cumming wasn't't enough for Gus.... OH NO..... He continued to pump even after the first one subsided. 

After several more orgasms, I couldn't't hold on anymore and let go. Gus caught me before I fell back on the desk. He stepped back and turned me around. He put my knees up on the seat of the chair and had me lean over the back. He re-entered me and resumed his fucking of my pussy. Gus had a very workman like approach. He came prepared to do the job at hand and he was not satisfied until it was done right. His fucking reflected this. He drove into me while I moaned and gasped. He alternated between holding on to my hips and grabbing my shoulders to pull me even deeper on him. There were times he was so deep he actually hurt me. But it hurt so good I never protested. I lost track of time until finally I felt him start to tense up and his motion became like a hammering. I felt string after string of his cum splash up inside my well used pussy.

I heard him let out a deep sigh as he stepped back. After he pulled his pants and shirt back on, he helped me up and sent me to the bathroom to clean up and get dressed. When I came out Gus was matter of factually looking over work orders and sipping coffee. He looked up and smiled at me. I sat down and we chatted a bit. 

It turned out that Gus was servicing a few of the ladies at the mobile home park. During the winter when the "snowbirds" returned, Gus had two or three others that he helped out. A couple of the husbands knew about their wives getting fucked by him and didn't't mind at all. Some of the women at that age had libidos that were almost out of control. (I know my own libido kicked into overdrive when I hit 40.) For Gus, it was no big deal. He liked to fuck and was capable of doing it two or three times a day (when workload permitted). 

As Gus picked up his tool kit and ambled out he said with a smile "See ya later little lady".

I sat there with my pussy contently humming and wondering how I was going to act normal when Carol returned that afternoon. 



(This was not my only tme with Gus. And yes, Carol did find out later on.)