 To readers. I hope that what I've worked on here is to your satisfaction. It feels like it flows well; but the writer sees a story a little differently than the readers. If something could have been left out, or detailed better I'll take the suggestions for the next time I write something.

***

It was about a year ago. I worked for a retail chain that on occasion sent me to another city for 'yearly training' which always seemed to be the same thing. I saw her there.

She was certainly a hot body. She was not quite 5'-4", and had a slim but healthy figure; with the right kind of weight which drew eyes. Her hair was a crimson red that she kept in a long ponytail and sometimes let it drop free. Her smile was warm and kind. She walked with pride, but she could be humble, and never forgot about other people. To me, she was perfect.

I consider myself lucky that she was seated at the same table as me. I sparked the conversation, making jokes of course. We hit it off astonishingly quickly.

"Is it me," I said, which was the start of the first conversation. "Or is his voice getting duller every time he speaks?"

"It's not just you," she said with a sullen tone. She turned and faced me smiling wide the moment our eyes met. She leaned a little closer. "Last year I could have sworn he fell asleep during his own lecture."

"Shut up!" said the guy next to us. "This is important!"

"It's the same shit as last year," I said.

"Well, shut up," he said. "Some of us want to hear this."

I scooted a little closer to her and we continued making conversation. The jokes were bad, that much we could agree on, but we couldn't help but enjoying it. Three dulling hours later the last of the speakers walked down from the podium and the lights came back up.

"The next half of the conference will be in two days starting at eleven in the morning," said the lead speaker. "Be sure you're here and ready to take thorough notes."

I stood, picking up the envelopes and papers that had been handed out that I'd never looked at. "Yeah," I muttered. "I'm sure whatever he has to say tomorrow is any more interesting as today."

She giggled softly and when I glanced at the other guy I could see him giving me a dirty look. "I don't think too highly of your attitude," he said.

"I don't care," I said. "Anything you think means nothing to me."

"I happen to be a five year employee of this company," he said. "Can you say the same?"

"No, I only have two years."

"I have seven," she said. She stood and leaned forward on the table. "And what this conference is about is the same as the first time I was here. So if you don't like the conversations we were having, you're welcome to go to a different table."

The other guy, a little deflated, stood and stormed off.

"Nice," I said to her with a smile.

She giggled. "Actually, it's been ten years. I just didn't want to seem any more like I enjoy my job."

I smiled back and extended my hand to shake. "Mark," I said.

"Lillian," she replied shaking back. "But you can call me Lilly." Her hand met mine and I felt an apprehensive jolt in my gut. I had never been so forthcoming with a girl; especially one as cute as she was.

We left together, talking and trading stories about our respective stores. She had some of the best ones as she worked deep in the inner city where the strangest of people came out. Me, I worked on the fringes of the city. Old people and farmers.

"Drink?" I asked her as we left the meeting hall.

"Why not?" she said.

We sat at a two seat table and continued. Politics, religion, points of interest. They all came up, and we both agreed on everything. She left home on a bad note at seventeen from strict Catholic parents. She said she hadn't talked with then in nearly eight years. She was twenty-six. Four years older than myself, but it mattered little.

"What did you do that made your parent so angry with you?"

"They found my birth control pills."

"Oh!" I said. "Pre marital sex?"

"No," she said with a sigh. "I couldn't get away from them to have sex. They were so over controlling."

I could tell that even though she'd had two drinks, the inhibitions were thinning.

I went for a long shot. "So you've never..."

There was a second when she didn't say anything, but she smiled sweetly and looked up. "I have, once," she said. "Worst ever. But since it was the only time, it couldn't be anything but."

My heart jumped a little. I was prying deeper with her. She was opening to me, and for the first time in a while I was getting along and clicking with a girl.

It was eleven o'clock and I realized that we'd been talking for nearly four hours.

"Should we make our way back to the hotel?"

"Yes," she said. "I'd like to do some shopping in the morning. Not every day you get a free trip to Las Vegas."

We got into the hotel and approached the desk. Speaking with the clerk we were taken a little off guard by what he said.

"The company has paired up many of you. We've almost run out of rooms," said the clerk.

He handed me a keycard and looked to Lilly. "And my room?" she asked watching the clerk typing on the computer.

"Seems your room was one of the ones that was given up. You'll have to pair up with someone. I have six rooms still."

"Seven," I said leaning in. Lilly looked at me, and for a brief second she seemed cross, but it faded quickly. "Why not my room."

"A little unusual," said the clerk. "And we don't normally pair up non couple male and female."

"No," she said picking up her bag. "It'll be fine."

"Very well," he said. He put Lilly in my room and handed her another key card.

As we walked up the stairs we talked again. Laughing at bad jokes and sharing some things not usually in normal conversation.

As we walked into the room Lilly took the first nearest bed and fell onto it. I tossed my bag down, got out my sleeping cloths and went into the bathroom to change.

I only wore a pair of sleeping pants, and nothing else. No restrictions, and they felt cooler even during warm months. I did my last business and walked from the bathroom. Lilly had already changed and was leaning over the bed wearing a long t-shirt that went down to her thighs.

She turned to face me and here eyes glanced down. She snickered and looked away with a blush and a smile. She pulled on her top lip with the bottom one and cleared her throat.

"Something's..."

I looked down and realized I had a half boner that was sticking up through the hole in my sleeping pants.

"Crap," I said, putting it away.

"No matter," she said. She turned to me and slowly 'lifted' her shirt as she was stretching. I caught sight before she dropped it and smiled. "Nothing underneath."

The sexual tension rose faster and faster. Both of us felt it, saw it, and wanted to act on it. I opened my mouth to say something but shut it quickly as I was afraid it was going to be something stupid. She smiled coyly at me before she climbed into her bed and got under the covers.

I shook the thoughts from my head, and crawled under the covers of my bed. I switched off the light and rolled over. I pushed the sexual thoughts out and focused on other things. I soon found myself feeling sleepy and I was out.

***

I woke suddenly to a shift in my bed and the feeling of something brush up against me. I turned my head around and saw Lilly climbing into my bed.

"Hey," I said, a little dumbfounded an a little aggravated at someone trying to take some of my queen sized bed.

"You have something against sharing the bed?" she asked.

"Something wrong with yours?"

"You...didn't hear that sound?"

I sat up and saw that one of the bed's legs had bent in and the whole thing had slid apart.

"No," I said. I felt her brush against me several times before she got situated. I gave a glance at the clock and saw it was only two in the morning. A dim moon came through the window and gave the room a light blue glow. I looked at Lilly in the light and could feel the apprehension return.

I got back into my position and fell asleep surprisingly quick.

***

It wasn't long and I woke again to the feeling of the bed shifting. This time Lilly went to the bathroom. I thought nothing of it until I heard muttering. I was curious, and had to investigate.

"God!" she said with a whisper. "You're putting yourself out there to a guy you just met. What is wrong?" I peeked through the door crack to see her standing in front of the mirror looking at herself. "He isn't the worlds greatest looking guy...none really have been. But he's so charming and gentle. Strong minded and open. He seems honest, and we clicked so well..." There was a long pause as she reached down and lifted her shirt. As before, there was nothing underneath it.

"Why didn't he take the chance?" she asked. "I know he likes me, I know he's got the hots for me... That boner was certainly the first clue."

She was right. I wanted to take her. I wanted to do to her everything she desired. I back up and thought to myself: 'Does she swallow?' Leaning forward I saw her lift her shirt up all the way leaving it around her neck. She jiggled her breasts which weren't enormous or huge. Merely a handful, handful and a half. Huge jugs never got me. It was the waistline, the hips. A toned abdomen with some sign of health. She had it. A curvaceous 'v' in her stomach and abdomen. I could feel myself grow in seconds and slip right out of my pants.

"The bed fell apart," she giggled softly. "How fortunate for me we weren't fuckin' on that one..." She frowned slightly as she dropped the shirt back down. A soft but lengthy sigh showed she too had apprehension, but not as much as me. "Why am I so horny?" she asked.

I had heard enough and moved back into my bed. I laid in the same way I had before waiting for her to come back. I heard the soft steps on the carpet and the feeling of her climbing back into the bed. I dared a look and saw her facing away from me breathing softly. My dick had pushed its way out and I wasn't about to tuck it back in. I turned over and faced her, then slid closer. Misjudging the length of my cock it poked her in the back and though she didn't say anything, the sharp breath she let out told me she knew what had happened.

Her hand reached back and rested on my arm, holding me slightly. She turned to face me.

There was a wry smile on her face and she looked down under the covers. "Why," she started with a pause. "Why do I have the feeling you heard me?"

"I eavesdropped," I said.

She took in a sharp breath and held it. "You don't think me a slut for being so...forthcoming."

"No, why? Because you have a natural attraction to me? I can assure you that I have the same feelings."

Lillian reached down and held my dick in her hand. "As I know." She hummed and moved closer. "How have you resisted all this time? How did you not take advantage of me earlier? It couldn't get any easier for you."

"I was afraid. Apprehensive even."

"Afraid I was going to reject you? Not likely! A girl doesn't put on JUST a t-shirt and nothing else and shows a guy that's what she's wearing. Not unless they want some."

I leaned in and kissed her. She was quick to kiss back and before too long we were locked in a long embrace. We kissed passionately as we explored one another's bodies with our hands. Both of us were flooded with emotions, feelings of lust, love, passion. I broke the kiss and began down her neck.

She gasped and cooed as I worked my way down her body. She stopped me suddenly and looked me in the eye.

"We go all the way," she said with a pant. "And you're committed. I'm going to get what I want; understood?"

"What you want I what I want are the same thing," I said with a chuckle.

There was a silent agreement with her before I continued down her body. I lifted her shirt and caressed her body running my hands along smooth bare skin. Up her sides and around her hips. I traced the line of her abdomen before getting to her legs and running my hands along those. She panted slightly and her body flushed a little more with every minute.

I spread her legs and leaned in to a swollen pussy. It leaked everywhere, her wet juices sweet smelling and intoxicating. My tongue traced her pussy before it plunged into the hole. I lapped up the thick liquid that came from her vagina. So constant that it ran down my face and covering my chin. She tasted so good I couldn't help but lapping and sucking on her, I almost didn't want to stop.

It wasn't long before she tensed, at first a little and then becoming almost rigid as an orgasm ripped through her body. I could feel the contractions in her body and with every contraction she had she twitched. I continued to stimulate her for several minutes drawing out what was already a powerful climax for her.

She loosened herself and let out a very pleased sigh. I leaned in for more but she grasped my head and pulled me close.

"You should have done this earlier," she said. "We could have been at this all night." 

She pulled me to her face and we kissed again. Our lips were locked and our tongues intertwined. She licked her own juices from her face and when she broke the kiss she smiled. "What do you fantasize about?" she asked. I gave her a curious look as I lay partially on her. "What fantasy do you dream the most?"

"A girl swallowing my load," I said honestly.

"I've never done that before," she said.

"You don't have to if--" She cut me off by kissing me. "I'll take that as a yes."

Lilly rolled on top of me and tossed the covers off. She pulled my pants right off my legs and tossed them away. My hard cock straightened towards her and she dove down wrapping her moist lips around it.

It felt so good I couldn't help but let out a very throaty groan. She rolled her tongue around the shaft and head sucking up and down. She took my cock completely in her mouth and began bobbing. I couldn't help but gasp a little every time she changed angles. The feelings were amazing and I felt the end welling up. My breathing quickened, and her pace didn't slow. She slid her mouth up and off my cock before sticking out her tongue and running it up the shaft. She took it back in her mouth and continued bobbing up and down.

"I'm almost there," I said with a heavy pant.

"It's alright," she said taking her mouth away from my cock. "I'm ready." She continued the blow job not breaking from the motions in the slightest.

I felt it come on very quickly. A rush to my head, my body tightened, and my cock hardened. Then I came. I could feel thick copious shots of cum jet from my dick and Lillian sucked on me hard pulling the cum out a little faster. I lost count of how many times I jetted into her mouth but I didn't care. It felt amazing.

Lilly sat up and flipped her hair from her face. She leaned her head back and swished the cum around slightly. She opened her mouth and even though it was dim in the room I saw the large white pool of cum sitting in the bottom of her mouth. She closed her mouth and swallowed.

She let out a little gasp when she opened her mouth and when she did I thought I felt my dick twitch again. She knelt over me for several moments, her hands braced on her thighs. We looked at one another and felt a connection.

"I don't think I've ever clicked with someone quite as well as I have you, Mark," she said. "I mean, hell, earlier yesterday afternoon, neither of us knew each other and we just now gave each other mind blowing orgasms."

"Too bad we live on opposite sides of the U.S." I said.

"Depressing, isn't it?" she asked. She crawled back down and laid on my chest. Her knees wrapped around my waist and she curled up on me. I wrapped my arms around her and sighed happily. "We haven't even had sex."

"It can wait," I replied. "Being close to you has been good enough for me."

We fell asleep clinging to one another. She and I were going to have a great time.

***

I woke up finding Lillian no where in the room. It glanced at the clock seeing that it was seven. I sat up in the bed and shook the sleep from my mind. I saw Lilly's things still sitting at the end of her bed, but her shirt was lying on the floor.

The bathroom was empty, and I was curious where she'd gone. After going to the bathroom and putting my sleeping pants back on I was going to venture out and find her. The door unlocked and she walked in with a tray in hand and a warm breakfast.

"I thought ahead," she said. She shut the door and walked the tray over to the table that sat at the end of the room nearest the window. I watched her walking, noticing her choice of clothing being...kind of limited. The skirt was very short, the shirt left little to the imagination, and she had no bra. "And yes," she said reading my mind. "I got looks."

She set the food down and as she stood straight she reached down and removed her shirt. She tossed that off and then wiggled from her skirt. She stood before me naked and smiled.

"Should we eat first?" I asked, almost sensing what was to come. She took the dishes from the tray and put them on the table and sat down.

I took my seat and we ate, talking about what we wanted to do that day. Shopping, maybe a little gambling. But as we sat there looking at one another I knew something else that was planned. Lilly stood after she finished eating and walked to the bed. Her swagger suggestive and sultry. She looked back to me as she sat down onto the bed. She bit her bottom lip slightly with a slight smirk on her face. She crossed one leg over the other and took a pose.

I couldn't sit there any longer. I stood, dropping my sleeping pants as I did. I approached her and helper her stand. Leaning in we kissed passionately. She broke the kiss and pulled me closer to the bed. She climbed onto the bed on all fours and turned around giving me the come hither with her finger. I climbed onto the bed with her and got on top. We continued to kiss and it wasn't long before she reached down and took hold of my dick. She guided it to her wet cunt and when I looked her in the eye I could see that she was ready.

I slid my cock into her slowly, getting even more feeling out of it. Her mouth gasped wide as I pushed in. She squeaked little by little until I was buried to the hilt. She let out a deep groan and a pleased sigh. She bit her bottom lip and smiled at me.

"It feels so good," she said with a breath. I flexed myself inside her and she gasped and giggled. "Go slow."

I pulled back and slid in slowly. Every sexual feeling I was having was coursing through me. I sat up and looked down watching my cock slide into and out of her sweet pussy. I increased my pace and soon we were both grunting and panting. She whined and moaned louder and louder.

"Oh god!" she said. "Don't stop!" She mumbled my name and a few more 'oh my gods' left her mouth. She tensed suddenly and I could feel the contractions of her climax. The walls of her vagina squeezed on me increasing the feelings as I slid in. Lilly loosened herself and panted as she came down from her orgasm. She wiped the sweat from her face and let out a breath.

I stopped thrusting into her and looked down at her face. "Feeling good?" I asked her.

"I have never felt better," she replied with a giggle. "Keep going."

"I'll come soon," I said with a pant.

"Go ahead and cum in me," she said. She opened her eyes and looked at me. "You do want to, don't you?"

I slowly began thrusting into her again. "But what about getting pregnant?" I asked. "Are you..."

"No birth control," she said. "But at this point, what does it matter?"

I was sure that both of us were acting on our sexual feelings but I wanted to cum. I pulled out and turned Lilly over onto her stomach. She raised her ass into the air for me and I slid back in. I thrust deeply into her pounding my cock in and out with reckless abandon. She grunted and groaned, moaning with every thrust. I felt her contract again, a smaller orgasm rippling through her body, but enough to make her loosen herself.
