 Wiping the steam from her bathroom mirror, Deana stared into her reflection pensively. Today was going to be full of big changes, and she was a little nervous. Straightening her shoulders, she smiled and told herself, "Go get 'im". Stepping back a few inches, she took a long look at herself and smirked. 

"He'll never know what hit him." As she began to lotion her skin, her hands roamed her soft skin. She closed her eyes to the pleasure of smoothing the lotion up her slender legs. Her hands continued upward and spanned her taut belly. She cupped her breasts, and opened her eyes on a smile as she felt her nipples already firm in anticipation. Her breasts really were her best feature. Not many would believe she was a natural 32DD, but she was. Feeling the slight ache of anticipation between her legs she quickly finished applying the lotion to her arms and shoulders. Now was not the time to get distracted. After drying her hair she efficiently pulled it up into a smooth knot. Very businesslike, she thought to herself, and then giggled. Stepping into her bedroom, she did a quick turn before her mirror before walking to the bed and her clothes. She slowly stepped into the lace thong underwear, and then fastened the matching bra and slid the straps up her shoulders. After adjusting the cups, she smoothly rolled her thigh high stockings up her legs. Catching a glimpse in the mirror, she stared. Her breasts spilled fully from the top of the shelf bra, leaving her nipples clearly exposed in a way to drive men mad. She looked....wanton. At the thought her nipples tightened once more, sending a spark into her core.

Shaking herself out of her reveries, she quickly dressed in an ivory silk blouse and navy suit. After drinking her coffee and eating a bagel she was out the door on the way to the office. 

Already in his office, Seth Davis stared unseeing at his computer. He was imagining what Deana looked like under her proper suits, and without them. Shaking himself aware he looked out the window to see the rainy day ahead. He had to stop thinking that way. Dee was his assistant, and he didn't want to lose her. She was sharp as a tack and saved his butt on more than one occasion. It was just too bad that she was beautiful too. 

On the drive to the office, Deana reviewed her plans for the day. She knew Seth had meetings scheduled all morning, and that their weekly planning meeting would be after lunch. She wondered how he would take the news that she was leaving. She hoped it would be better than she thought.

All morning long Seth had a hard time focusing on the task at hand. He was wondering how he'd get through the normally long planning meeting with Dee without acting like a bumbling idiot. 

Deana had a hard time concentrating on work as well. Every time she moved, her blouse would slide silkily across her aching nipples. She could barely type.

At 2:00 Seth buzzed Deana at her desk and asked her to come to his office for the planning meeting. As she entered the room, he felt his heart slam into his throat. She was wearing her navy suit, the one that was a good 2 inches shorter than her others and showed off her miles of legs. As he started to rise from his desk to walk to the conference table, she stopped him with a simple gesture of her hand. 

"Please sit Seth. I have something I need to talk to you about."

Puzzled, he did as she asked. Pacing nervously, she suddenly stopped and faced him.

"I've had a lot of time to think lately, and I've come to the conclusion that I can't work for you anymore. It's nothing against you; I just can't handle the pressure anymore."

"Pressure?! What pressure Dee? You've always done a terrific job."

She walked around the corner of his desk and slid her hip onto his desk calendar. He lifted his head to look at her face. She slowly unfastened her suit jacket and took it off, laying it on the desk. She leaned forward and cupped the side of his face with her hand. 

"I can't take the pressure of working with you day after day and wanting to feel your skin against mine. I want you to make love to me until I scream your name. I want to touch you everywhere and bring you pleasure. " 

As she spoke she leaned back and opened her blouse. Her nipples stood erect with need, rosy with anticipation. She slid the blouse off her shoulders, and then stood to slide her skirt down her legs. As he sat there in disbelief, she sat back fully on the desk and carefully placed her feet on either side of his legs in his chair.

Seth was looking at a goddess. She wanted him? He had been hard since she walked into the room, and staring at her breathtaking beauty now nearly made him lose control. Looking into her eyes, he saw the glimmer of vulnerability and realized how brave she was being. He placed his hands on her ankles and slid up her legs, exploring. His hands found her waist and lid up her ribcage to cup her breasts. She whimpered as his thumbs brushed her aching nipples, closing her eyes. Her body was on fire. Deliberately he watched her face as he leaned forward and drew one nipple into his mouth, teasing it with his teeth. She trembled in arousal and he felt like a king. 

"God Dee I've wanted you for months" he growled. Her eyes opened at his frank admission as he stood and suddenly kissed her with all the pent-up passion he had been holding inside. She wrapped her arms around him and kissed him back, matching his passion with her own. Her hands tore at the buttons on his shirt as he cupped her buttocks and pulled her against his hardness. Her head fell back giving him access to the silky column of her throat. His head dipped lower to once again pleasure her breasts and she lay in his arms. He found her mouth again as his right hand suddenly cupped her heat. Deftly he slid his hand beneath the lace and began to stroke the center of her pleasure. Sliding lower he slowly placed one finger inside her velvet sheath. He thrust his tongue in her mouth, mimicking the actions of his fingers. She tightened around him on a keening cry as he took her over the edge. As the aftershocks eased, she opened her eyes and gave him the secret smile of a woman pleasured. 

Watching her come apart in his arms had been a gift. Trying to be noble, he eased away and sat in his chair again. 

"Where do you think you're going?" she asked throatily. He glanced at her, surprised to see a devilish glint in her eyes. She slid off the desk to kneel at his feet. Her nimble fingers quickly made short work of the zipper of his pants and she pulled his pants and boxers down in a flash. As he watched she began to kiss her way up his thighs. She laid her cheek on his leg and he could feel her warm breath pass across his hardness. His stomach clenched in anticipation and was rewarded by her taking him into her soft mouth. He closed his eyes in pleasure as she licked and sucked his entire length. Unable to stop himself he began to thrust his hips toward her mouth. She ease off him and looked up at him with seductive eyes and she took him firmly in her hand. She stroked him firmly for a few moments, and then stopped demurely. As he opened his eyes in bewilderment she hooked her thumbs under the waistband of her panties and slowly drew them down her legs. As he watched she reached to the front clasp of her bra and released it, exposing all of her gorgeous mounds to his view. She reached up to her hair and released it from its knot to allow the auburn waves to tumble to her waist. Standing there clad only in thigh stockings and high heels, she turned around and bent over the desk, presenting him with the most erotic view of her backside he'd ever seen. Looking over her shoulder she said, "I want you to take me this way Seth. I want you in me now." He saw her fingers reach between her legs and rub herself. "I'm so wet Seth. Fuck me now!"

Seth stood and with trembling anticipation pushed at the entrance to her tight sheath. Slowly he slid inside her inch by inch until he was buried in her warmth. Her muscles were spasming, trying to milk him as he stood. Pulling out, she whimpered and writhed against him and then moaned as he thrust back inside her. He grabbed her hips and began to surge forward in long, sure strokes driving them both towards ecstasy. She began to meet him thrust for thrust and he could hear her breathing change as quickened the pace. Praying for control, he pulled out completely just before she went over the edge. Whimpering in frustration, she tried to grind her hips against him but he held her still. As shudders wracked her body he waited as long as he dared and then thrust hard into her core, drawing a scream of pleasure from her lips. Each successive thrust caused additional orgasms as her sheath tried to keep him captive. 

"Seth, Seth...oh god...Seth...fuck me Seth...fuck me hard...Aaaaooo!' Deana was lost in the pleasure as Seth continued to take her over the edge. Suddenly he quickened the pace and slammed into her harder and harder as he neared his own climax. She felt his hot seed spill inside her and convulsed again around his member as he slowed to a halt. As they stayed there, unable to move, a giggle escaped Deana's mouth. As Seth raised his head to meet her gaze over her shoulder she couldn't resist asking, "So do you need that in triplicate?"