 Maddy was still in bed asleep, her hair an explosion of color on the pillow. The soft, cotton sheet had slid down to her waist, exposing her naked upper body. She lay on her side, breasts moving peacefully in and out. Her face looked serene.

Barrin felt the urge to jump back into bed and snuggle into Maddy's naked softness. No time for that unfortunately. The surge in his cock as he pulled up his zipper made him painfully aware there hadn't been much time for any of that in the last month. He and Maddy had been like two ships passing in the night. Their work and personal schedules had been so full that a sleepy kiss was all they could manage most of the time.

Finally things were slowing down. Barrin knew that tomorrow and Sunday were free for both of them. They'd been too busy to plan anything yet. He was thinking it would be nice to spend the weekend away from home — away from the phone, the chores, the inevitable interruptions — when he remembered a conversation he had with Maddy a couple of months ago.

In the afterglow of a particularly enjoyable lovemaking session, they had started talking about sexual fantasies. It wasn't the first time they'd touched on the topic, of course. But this time they shared a few more secret desires, amid some chuckles and raised eyebrows. Then Maddy started to share another one and stopped. It took him several minutes of persuasion to get it out of her. Finally, once Barrin had promised he wouldn't react negatively, she blurted out that she was turned on, occasionally, by the thought of making love with a total stranger. She immediately explained that she would never act upon it — she loved him and only him. 

He was surprised by the revelation, but not offended. To be honest, he had entertained similar fantasies from time to time.

Barrin quickly gathered his things as an idea began to solidify in his mind. He hurried out the front door. It was getting late. He had to get to work and now he had some other interesting preparations to fit into the day.

* * * * * *

For Maddy, her Friday followed same old routine as any other weekday. Out of bed, shower, clothes on, a quick bite and then off to the office. The last few weeks had been a grind. She was relieved that it was the end of the week and that she had the weekend free for a change.

It was mid-afternoon when a workmate tracked her down in the supplies room.

"Maddy, Barrin's on line two for you."

"I'm busy for about ten minutes. Tell him I'll call him right back," she answered. She was glad he called. She wanted to do something special with him this weekend, but wasn't sure what yet. They could discuss it. 

A few minutes later she dialed his work number. His cheerful voice came on the phone before the first ring ended. "Hi Sweet Buns!"

"Hi, lover," she said with a chuckle. "That's a dangerous thing to say without knowing for sure who you're talking to. I doubt your clients would like it as much as me."

Barrin laughed. "Well, I just had this premonition it was you. I've been thinking about you all day."

"Really? You've been on my mind too," confirmed Maddy, her spirits rising.

"Listen, I just wanted to tell you that I won't see you after work. I . . ."

"What?" Maddy exploded, her spirits plummeting.

"No listen!" Barrin insisted. "I have a plan. You'll like this. You've always wanted to make love to a total stranger and I've found the perfect candidate for you."

"What!! . . . I don't . . . "

"Wait Maddy! Let me explain before you say anything," Barrin broke in forcefully. "I want you to go home after work and relax. You'll find a new bottle of bath oil on the bathroom counter. Have a nice, long, hot bath. Once you're done, indulge yourself with a little extra moisturizer and fragrance, so that every inch of your skin feels and smells wonderful. Pamper your body. Pack a small overnight bag. Just the bare necessities. Have a bite to eat if you want. Wear something that makes you feel sexy. Then at exactly seven o'clock I want you to walk into the lobby of the Delta Hotel. They'll have a key waiting for you, for room 604, the honeymoon suite. Go to the suite, then go to the bedroom and get undressed. Are you with me so far?"

Maddie didn't reply for a few seconds. Then said, "You're crazy!"

"On the bed you'll find a blindfold. Once you're completely naked, put it on nice and tight. Then I want you to lie down on the bed and wait," continued Barrin.

Maddy's face flushed. She wanted to tell him he was out of his mind, but he definitely had her attention. Her imagination had already gone to work. She felt that familiar, subtle wave of arousal sweep through her. What he was asking her to do was fascinating enough to hear more. 

"Go on," she finally uttered.

"You'll hear the door open. The stranger in your fantasy will come in and make love to you while you're blindfolded. He won't say a thing, not even a word, so that all of your senses will be tuned completely onto what's going on inside you. I guarantee your gorgeous body will have one of it's greatest explosions ever!"

"But it'll really be you, right?" Maddy said quickly.

"You'll have to trust me completely, Sweet Buns. I would never do anything to hurt or offend you," he replied vaguely.

Maddy's heart rate had accelerated. The idea of actually having sex with a stranger was outrageous, totally insane — but the picture Barrin had painted for her was definitely intriguing. Plus she knew he was just trying to trick her into thinking it would be someone she didn't know. Of course it would be him! Could she really do it, not knowing for sure? Still, even if she was certain it was him, she could imagine it wasn't and sort of live her fantasy that way. It could be a lot of fun. Hell, it was better than anything she'd thought of doing this weekend. In spite of her nervousness, it didn't take long for Barrin to convince her. Before saying yes, she asked him to repeat the instructions again.

"Okay... I'll do it," she finally committed, heart in her throat.

"Excellent Babe! I'm excited for you. Love you!"

She listened to the dial tone for a few seconds before putting the phone down.

* * * * * *

"Boy, are you ever blushing," Her co-worker joked when Maddy returned to the front. "What did Barrin say to you?"

"Oh . . . he was just telling me how much he loves me," she fibbed, blushing deeper, thinking that her friend somehow knew what they discussed. 

"Aww... how sweet!"

Yeah, how sweet, Maddy thought. My boyfriend wants me to have sex with a stranger!

The rest of her work day was completely unproductive. Time seemed to slow down. Her computer screen made no sense. Her body parts seemed to be moving too fast. She felt jittery, out of synch. She kept going over Barrin's instructions in her mind, filled with 'what if' thoughts. The drive home was an adventure in nervousness.

Once safely in the door, she headed straight for the bathroom. Was it there? Yes it was. Barrin really was crazy! A new bottle of bath oil was resting on a fresh towel beside the bathtub. Excitement filled her. She was delighted by the gift. She quickly filled the tub and shucked her clothes. She added a double portion of scented oil to the steaming water. It smelled beautiful. She wanted to absorb the fragrance, make it part of her skin.

Gingerly, she eased her body into the hot water, but found it impossible to relax as Barrin had suggested. Her heart wouldn't stop racing. She was unable to lie still. Instead, Maddy busied herself with a facecloth, washing every nook and cranny of her body, cleaning away the day's fatigue, rubbing the sweet smelling fragrance into her breasts, her belly, her thighs, her buttocks, her nether regions, softening each part of her. 

Once out of the bath, the rest of her preparations — moisturizer, perfume strategically applied, hair touched up, make-up done, overnight bag prepped — went much too fast. Even choosing what to wear took a fraction of the usual time, because she knew her clothes would be coming right off again anyway. She skipped the snack. She was too nervous and too turned on to think about food. By six o'clock she was completely ready to go and pacing in the living room. She had long given up the idea of keeping her panties dry.

* * * * * *

The drive to the hotel was like a dream. She walked into the plush lobby at the stroke of seven. She was sure everyone was looking at her. Her face felt hot. She willed her feet to carry her to the reception desk. Nervously, she told the clerk her name and he quickly produced a key. There was a big smile on his face. He must know all about this, she thought, completely embarrassed. But there was no turning back now.

She found the elevators. Thankfully, one of them opened the instant she pressed the 'up' button. She was relieved that no one entered with her. I can't believe I'm doing this, she thought as the doors closed and the elevator began to rise. She moaned and ground her ass against the elevator wall. Her body was alive with anticipation.

Then she was there. Room 604. Her hands shook as she unlocked and opened the large oak door. The suite was beautiful. Very ornate. Rich colors. Victorian in style. After closing the door behind her, she paused briefly to take in her surroundings. Very warm and comfortable. I like it, she decided. 

The bedroom door was standing ajar. There was a light on inside. Her heart leapt as she looked through the opening. Lying on the edge of the king-sized bed, with its beautiful linens, was an unusual-looking blindfold. It's really happening, she thought, this isn't a dream! And beside the blindfold was a piece of paper. A note!

Maddy put down her bag and quickly scooped it up. The handwriting was stylish and unfamiliar. It read: "Champagne for a gorgeous lady! Your picture is stunning! I feel extremely lucky to have the opportunity to make love to such a beautiful woman. Allow me to fulfill your wildest fantasy! A toast to our rendezvous!"

The romantic tone of the note was nice. And the flattery. Very nice! Champagne? She looked up. On the night table beside the bed was an ice bucket, holding a bottle of Moet & Chandon. Beside the bucket was a single champagne flute. 

Picture? Did he say picture? Maddy's mind whirled. Her body rippled with nervous excitement. Nice touch, she thought. Whatever Barrin was up to he was doing a good job of trying to convince her that he'd actually found a stranger to make love to her. Yet she didn't think he'd let some guy she didn't even know see her naked, let alone fuck her. Or would he?

And the blindfold! They didn't own anything like that. It was made of latex rubber, with two padded 'cups' that fit over the eyes and a pair of buckles at the back. My god, that thing will really make me blind, she thought, panic rising inside her. I won't be able to peek at all!

Maddy was suddenly glad about the champagne. She needed something to sooth her jangled nerves. She sat on the bed and extracted the chilled bottle from the ice. Her hands shook as she unwound the wire retainer and struggled to pop the cork. The "bang" it made as it shot up and bounced off the ceiling made her jump. She filled the long-stemmed glass and took a deep gulp of the effervescent liquid. The coolness of the bubbly drink was refreshing, soothing. She quickly emptied the glass.

* * * * * *

Feeling a bit calmer, she explored the suite in more detail. The quick tour pleased her. The decor and furnishings made her feel very elegant and sexy. She poured another glass of bubbly and took a sip.

The combination of the champagne, the note and the plush surroundings were working their magic on her. She felt incredibly horny. Her body had been humming with arousal for several hours, ever since Barrin's phone call. The familiar sensation of a hard cock filling her, filling that need, washed over her. Maddy shuddered. Oh yes, she wanted it, wanted it badly. Well, this is it, she thought, gulping the remains of her glass. She would trust Barrin, and that was that.

Her heart felt like it was going to jump out of her chest as she slipped off her high heels and fumbled with the buttons on her dress. She slid the bright garment off her shoulders and stepped out of it. Reaching behind her back, she unhooked and removed her lacy bra. Her nipples stiffened so fast they felt like they were on fire. She gave them a little tweak to settle them down.

She paused to pour a third glass of champagne, spilling some on the carpet with her unsteady hand. After a quick sip, she took a deep breath and pushed her panties to the floor. Air rushed over the exposed wetness between her thighs. She desperately wanted to touch herself. She felt like she could tease herself to orgasm in a second. But she resisted. Somehow that seemed like it would be 'cheating'.

Maddy sat down on the edge of the bed. Barrin hadn't given any instructions about what to do with her clothes. It made sense to leave everything in the bedroom, in case she chickened out and wanted to cover herself. But the alternative aroused her more. Hell, if I'm going to do it, she told herself, I'm gonna do it full on! Heart racing again, she gathered up her discarded clothes and her overnight bag, carried them out of the bedroom and put them in the closet beside the entrance door. She almost dropped the hangar she put her dress on, her hands were trembling so badly. There. Now as soon as someone entered the suite she would be trapped. That'll stop me chickening out, she thought breathlessly. I'll have to go through with it. She realized she could always scramble under the bed covers. Maybe. But she'd still be naked.

Body jittery with excitement, she returned to the bed and sat down again. The remains of the glass of champagne disappeared down her throat. She picked up the blindfold and, after some adjustments, fastened it tightly over her eyes. 

* * * * * *

Maddy's world went black. She felt the softness of the bedspread under her smooth ass and blindly explored its luxurious surface with her hands. Her fingers searched for the pillows. Fluffing them up, she rotated and lay back. She told herself that she would be Sleeping Beauty, waiting for her prince. She spread her arms and legs slightly and quieted herself, lying as still as possible.

But her body wasn't quiet. Her heart was pounding. Every nerve was on high alert. Her nipples stood erect like sentries at the centers of her breasts. The tiny hairs on her body were like little antennas, reaching into the blackness, ready to receive any signal. Fueled by the champagne, heat roamed through her body. He lower belly was very warm. She knew she was uncontrollably wet. She could feel her heartbeat in her clit. On impulse, imagining someone was looking at her, she arched her back and opened her legs. 

She sucked in a breath as her pussy lips pulled apart like they were coated with hot butter. God, I'm wet! Cool air caressed her swollen clit. Oh Jesus! The intensity of every sensation in her dark world was amazing. She decided to be daring and leave her legs open, just a bit. She tried to relax. It was hard to remain still, but she willed herself to.

Her ears began to strain for a sound, any sound. She became aware of a distant whirring noise. Part of the building's air system, she decided. There were other creaks and snaps. Sounds of the building shifting? Perspiration broke out on her forehead as the seconds, and then minutes, crawled by. Maybe I missed it, she thought suddenly. Maybe he's already here! Maybe he was hiding in here!

Her ears strained harder. Was he already there? The interference of the building's 'white noise' was beginning to annoy her. She was about to succumb to curiosity and take a peek, when it happened.

A click. The sound of the suite door quietly opening. Then it closed. Carefully.

Maddy's heart jumped. She wasn't prepared for the sudden panic that gripped her. She felt like calling out, to confirm it was Barrin. Her mouth opened, but nothing came out. She closed her legs and raised herself up onto her elbows. Her hands involuntarily moved to cover her breasts. Blackness! All blackness! How stupid to leave her clothes in the main closet!

What if it's not Barrin!

She'd told herself she wouldn't think that. 

Its okay, it doesn't matter, she thought wildly. She wanted to rip off the blindfold, climb under the bed covers! But something held her motionless. 

Its all right, this is my fantasy, this is my fantasy, she coaxed herself. This is my stranger. My prince. This is my fantasy! 

* * * * * *

Mind racing, she forced herself back down on the bed and bravely moved her thighs apart again. Whether it was Barrin or a man she'd never met, he was going to get a nice view. The thought of lying naked and spread open for a stranger's enjoyment raised her body to heights of anticipation she'd never experienced before. The ache of arousal was so strong she almost moaned, but she kept herself perfectly still and silent, holding her breath. Goose bumps ran over her body. Her ears tried to detect the slightest sound. There was none to hear.

Then she felt it. Someone had entered the room. She could feel eyes looking at her, drinking in her softness, her curves, her nakedness. Her skin crawled. Time seemed to freeze. As the moments passed, however, Maddy began to accept the presence. Her lungs were desperate for air. She started to breath again. She knew whoever it was had now seen every part of her. There was very little left to hide. Her imagination took over. Do you like what you see, her mind asked the mystery man, undulating her electrified body slightly, as if she was tempting him. 

The minutes ticked by. Was he there? Yes! There was a faint rustling of material. A shirt being removed? Then a zipper! Being slowly undone! Pants being pushed down! The image of her dark, swarthy stranger freeing his meaty cock, with his balls hanging loosely in his crotch, sent shivers across her belly. Maddy could feel his eyes riveted on her pussy.

There was another silent pause. She desperately wanted to rub her throbbing clit, maybe spread open her pussy lips for him, but her hands felt like they were glued to the bed beside her. She wanted to be touched, to feel something! A caress, a nudge, a squeeze! Anything. Touch me! I want to feel you! Please touch me! 

Then she shrieked! Her entire body recoiled in shock. Something had fallen onto her belly button. What was it? A string? A shoelace? A chain. It was a length of chain. Light chain, like necklace chain. She felt silly for reacting so violently, but every nerve in her body was stretched to the limit.

Maddy gasped as the light chain began to move. He dragged it slowly up between her breasts, feathery against her skin. Oh God, he's going to torture me! 

The fine metal links left an exquisite trail of fire that seemed to burn into her chest and suck the air out of her lungs. A loud moan rattled out of her throat. And then she knew she didn't care about anything anymore. Take me. Do whatever you want, Maddy consented inside.

The chain teased her neck, then rode up onto her cheeks, sending goose bumps racing all over her body. It touched her lips and made them tingle. She stuck out the tip of her tongue and licked the metal string as it went by. She turned her head to each side, helping him dangle it into her ears, sending electric sparks through her head and down her spine. Oh my God!

The fiery trail traveled along her bare arms next. Then it jumped back to her chest, teasing the soft curves of her breasts. Oh God, I can't stand it, her mind cried as the links were carefully wound around and then pulled free from each nipple. The sensation of the bumpy metal slowly sliding against each fleshy knob as he pulled it away made her writhe in delight. Sensual chills rippled through her core.
