 He woke all of a sudden, he was sweating from head to toe and had an erection that would rival a steel beam. He had not dreamed in ages, but every night since he fucked Jennifer he had been having these vivid dreams. The dream was reliving that fateful first fuck and all its details. At the end of it though he would look in the corner of the room and there sat his wife Cleo. She was watching at first with hurt, but despite the hurt he kept fucking Jennifer. Then the look changed to that of intrigue. By the time his wife in the dream was about to get into it he had just busted a nut in the dream. He knew the dream was half fantasy and half out of knowledge that he had done wrong. For it to be so wrong though, it had felt so good.

The first time had been passion filled and not very well thought through. He knew this as he had plenty of time to think about it. He knew next time would be different. He also knew next time should not be in his vocabulary. All this was flashing through his mind as he stood in the bathroom stroking his dick. He had a picture pulled up of Jennifer, one she had sent to him showing her amazing tits and a heart over her pussy. He bit his lip as he needed to scream out in passion. He let loose of his orgasm and shot hot cum into his toilet paper lined hand. 

First thing in the morning, Seamus messaged Jennifer. He told her of the dream and the explosive finish it had. He asked her when they could be together again, Jennifer did not give an instant answer and Seamus' mind started racing. Had it all been ruined? The next message put his mind at ease though. Jennifer said she was free this Monday. Monday was a good day as Seamus' kids were with his mother and his wife would be at work. It was agreed that Jennifer would come to his house.

Seamus had not masturbated since that dream, he was trying to build even more anticipation. By Saturday, Seamus could barely contain his erection. His wife Cleo had taken notice and when his girls went down for nap, she stood up, stripped down and told Seamus that she needed that hard cock. They went to the bedroom, where Seamus put his wife on the bed, the same bed he planned to defile on Monday and ate her out. He ate her until she was soaking wet then slid two fingers into her pussy. He could feel her pussy swelling with excitement, tasting her juices. He moved up to her mouth and kissed her, making her taste her own juices. He shoved his still rock hard cock into her pussy causing Cleo to bite his lip. Seamus drove his cock all the way into her pussy, feeling the back wall of her pussy. He could feel his wife's pussy contracting with every stroke. They rolled over and Cleo got on top. She began to ride his cock with fervor. 

There was a rush of fluid and then Cleo collapsed on top of him. Seamus then started to fuck Cleo from the bottom, as she was already in the middle of one orgasm she began to cry out, moaning in pleasure. Seamus then got out from under his wife and got between her legs. He slid his cock into her ass which she was not expecting but was not against. Her ass was pulsing with her excitement and she began to rub her engorged clit. He got into a good pace fucking her ass and the constricting walls began to make him cum. Cleo's ass began to milk Seamus' cock as he dumped his entire load in her asshole. 

The rest of Saturday and Sunday seemed to drag on forever. When bedtime came on Sunday night though, Seamus could barely sleep, he was finally able to go to bed around 2 am. On Monday he woke up first thing. He helped his wife get the kids ready and they left. He let Jennifer know that the coast was clear. He went and picked her up and brought her home. The minute the door closed their clothes came off. They spent plenty of time getting acquainted again. Seamus was already sporting a rock solid erection and he could smell Jennifer's sex. He took her to his bedroom and pushed her down on the bed. She tried to get up and was pushed down again. He got out his two sets of handcuffs and put her hands in them. He put the other end of both handcuffs to ropes that were secured to the bed. She was unable to move her hands at all. Seamus climbed on the bed and began to lick and taste Jennifer. He moved up to her pussy and licked the crease of her leg. Next he gave her lip a little bite then stuck his tongue in her pussy. Seamus then began working his tongue up her torso and to her beautiful tits. 

When he reached her mouth instead of giving her a kiss he straddled her chest and shoved his cock in her mouth. She hungrily sucked his dick, getting it good and wet. She begged to Seamus to put his cock in her pussy. Seamus moved between her thighs and began to tease her hole. She began to shiver. Seamus shoved his cock all the way in roughly fucking Jennifer. She was muttering and creaming around his cock. Seamus could feel her pussy begin to tighten around his cock at which time he put his hand on her throat. Seamus was careful not to push on the windpipe, but to squeeze the carotid arteries on either side. He watched as her eyes began to roll and he felt her pulse become slower. She began to orgasm harder than he had ever felt a woman orgasm. She was on the verge of passing out when he let go. Her body was convulsing in pleasure. She came to and said "Holy fuck, I have never been fucked or choked like that!" 

Seamus pulled his cock out of her pussy, it was covered in her cream. He unhooked her hands and she instantly knelt between his legs. She began to suck his cock taking the entire cock in her mouth. She raked her teeth up his cock as she pulled her mouth away. Her tongue worked the underside of his cock then moved down to the balls. She treated every bit of his cock and balls with reverence. She began to suck on the head of his cock gently at first and then with great force. He was on the verge of cumming and she continued to suck and Seamus dumped his cum in the back of her throat. Jennifer treated his cum as if it was a sacred drink, she sucked every drop from his softening penis. She laid down next to him and they fell asleep.

Seamus woke to a sound. He looked over and saw Jennifer still asleep then realized how late it had gotten. Before he could think he looked in the bedroom doorway and saw his wife standing there.