 I was walking down a hallway at work when I felt someone come up close behind me and whisper, "Road trip! Be sure to pack your tighty whities!"

I turned around quickly and saw my 'work wife', Gina, with a big grin on her face. Gina and I know each other well for years, and were both in unhappy marriages. A few times we had hooked up while traveling for work, and it was electric. Each time it got more and more exciting, but we were discrete and kept it out of town.

"Road trip? Where?"

"Hasn't Ed told you about it yet? You and I are meeting some folks from the new division in Ohio. We're supposed to leave next weekend."

"Huh, he said he wanted to ask me something, but we've both been tied up in meetings. I'll see if I can track him down.

I found my boss, and he apologized for not getting back to me sooner, but wanted to know if I could go to Ohio for a week and meet with the new division team that will be joining my project. I told him sure, and we talked about some of the details.

For the next few days, I fantasized about hooking up with Gina again, and wondered about her tighty whitey comment. She knew I usually wore boxer shorts, in fact, she bought some new ones for me during one of our road trips. We even swapped underwear a few times, with me wearing her panties. I did have some tighty whities, so I made sure to pack them and wore a pair on our travel day.

We had a fun time traveling to Ohio. We flirted on the plane and in the taxi and finally arrived at our hotel on Sunday night. Gina checked in first and asked the clerk if we could get adjoining rooms. He looked at me, and I said, 'Oh yeah, we were hoping we could get two rooms next to each other because we had some reports we had to work on."

He smiled and looked around, until he found them on the second floor, then checked us in and gave us keys.

We tried not to look too excited and tried not to run to our rooms, but when we did get inside, I opened the door between the rooms, and Gina opened hers and we were together at last.

We embraced and kissed for a long time. It seemed like forever since our last road trip, and were were both getting aroused.

Gina started unbuttoning my shirt and asked, "Do you like it when I undress you?"

"Oh yeah! Can I undress you too?"

"Not so fast, let me take care of you first."

Gina finished taking off my shirt, then kneeled and took off my shoes and socks. She stood up and we kissed some more, as she undid my belt and opened up my pants. She let my pants drop around my ankles, and slid her hand to my crotch, feeling my hard bulge in my tighty whities.

"Mmmm, you remembered the tight whiteys", she murmured while still kissing me.

She grabbed the hem of my a-shirt and pulled it over my head, leaving me standing there in just my white briefs, while she was still fully dressed.

"Let's get these off and take care of that for you."

Gina kneeled down with her face in front of my crotch, and gently pulled my briefs down. My hard cock flipped up, staring her in the face. She laughed, and lightly kissed the tip. 

Gina helped me take each foot out of the briefs, and I was now totally naked.

"Sit back on the bed. Now lay down. "

I sat on the edge of the bed, and laid back with my legs touching the floor and my cock easily accessible between my spread legs. Gina moved in closer.

"There, that's good. Now just relax."

She took my throbbing cock in one hand, and began licking the shaft and sliding it in and out of her mouth. Her mouth was so warm and wet as she gently sucked on my cock.

With her other hand, she started caressing and fondling my balls. I was in ecstasy! I started groaning as she sped up and slowed down, bringing me to the edge and backing down. I was going crazy with sensation and could feel my cock starting to have a mind of its own.

After what seemed like forever, I looked down at her and whispered hoarsely, "I'm gonna cum any second!"

Gina looked up at me, and redoubled her efforts, sucking faster and harder and massaging my cock and balls. I couldn't hold it. 

"Ahhh! Here it comes!"

My cock shot a huge load in her mouth, pulsing with spurt after spurt. Gina slowed her jacking motion and gulped down the hot cum. She made a humming sound like she enjoyed the taste, and slowly kept milking me until nothing more would come out and my cock started to soften and shrink.

Gina smacked her lips kissed the tip.

"Oh wow, Gina! That was so wild! I won't be able to walk for a week!"

She grinned, licking her lips.

"Ok, let's get you undressed and let me make you feel good!"

Gina hesitated, and frowned, "Well, I've got some bad news for you there. I'm having my period. I'm gonna be messy for a few more days."

"Sorry to hear that. At least we can still have a little fun, like this, right?" I grinned, pointing to my cock.

She laughed. "Well, I'm not sure it's fair for one of us to have sex and the other not. So I have an idea. I bought you a present."

I had a puzzled look as she went to her suitcase and dug around until she pulled out s small plastic bag and handed it to me.

I opened it to see a small pink plastic toy in a package. I looked up at Gina and asked, "What's this?"

"It's a cock chastity cage. You put it on your cock, and it prevents you from getting an erection."

I had heard a little about these, but didn't know much else. It seemed weird, but she talked me into receiving a strap-on fuck not too long ago, and it was an incredibly sensual and arousing experience.

"Well, ok. I'm not sure how it works, but we can try together."

Gina took the package back and opened it. We looked over the directions, and she had me lie back on the bed again and started putting it on. It was made of a soft plastic, and she slid one ring around my balls, then gently guided my soft cock into a pink flexible plastic tube. The head had a slit where I could pee through. It was snug, but didn't hurt, and actually felt kind of good, like a hand firmly grasping my cock and balls.

She connected the cock tube to the ring around the balls, and took out a small padlock and locked the together.

"Hey, that looks permanent! I don't think I can take it off now."

"That's the point. I have the key, and control when you can have an erection. I'll keep it until my period is done and then free you. It's only a few days - you should be able to keep it under control, especially since I just drained you so thoroughly."

"I don't know... Now that I can't have an erection, I really want to have one!" I could feel my cock trying to expand, and the cage keeping it in place. I was starting to get horny, and couldn't feel relief.

"Let's try it for a while. Come on, let's go get something to eat and let you get used to it."

"Ok." I reached down for my briefs to start to get dressed.

"Oh, and one more thing. To help you feel more sympathetic to my period, we are going to have a few rules."

I looked at her puzzled, "Rules?"

"Yes, when we are in the hotel, you will be naked, except for the cage. I will dress as I choose. I will inspect your cage often, to make sure it is fitting well, and not causing any damage. When we leave the hotel, you will get dressed as usual, but you will wear my panties, not your underwear."

"What?"

"You heard me. You will wear panties since you will no longer have an erection. Here, put them on now. I brought some pretty ones for you to wear this week."

Gina took off her pants and slid down her light blue nylon panties. She pulled a panty shield out of them, and handed the panties to me.

I meekly took them and put them on, covering the cock cage. This was getting a little kinky, but I kind of liked being bossed around.

"I'll wear your tighty whities instead."

Gina grabbed my briefs off the floor and put a clean panty shield in the crotch, then pulled them on. She looked so hot in my underwear. Then we each finished getting dressed and left for dinner.

We ate in the hotel restaurant, sitting at adjacent sides of the table. A few times, Gina casually reached over and discretely felt my cock cage and smiled. "Good boy!"

Since I couldn't get an erection, that's all I thought about. I wanted to fuck everything. This was going to be an interesting week.

We got back to her room and Gina told me to take off my clothes, including the panties I was wearing. I placed them on the bed in my room and came back. She had changed into a white nylon nightie, and I could see my briefs through the thin material.

"You can sleep with me tonight. Come here and let me inspect you."

I let her handle my cock cage and look it over.

"Everything looks good. You are being a very good boy. Now I'm going to teach you how to serve me. Come on."

Gina let me to the bathroom where she hiked her nightie up to her waist and pulled my briefs down around her ankles before sitting on the toilet. I could see a little dark stain on the panty shield.

"Come here and gently pull out my tampon. See the string? Gently pull on it until the tampon comes out. Don't drop it."

I had never seen that process before, and was a little shocked, but also a little curious. I grasped the string, and pulled, adjusting the pressure until I felt the tampon start to slide out. It was dark red from menstrual blood, but I held the string so it wouldn't fall.

"Good boy. How this is how we take care of it." She wrapped it up in toilet paper and gently dropped it in the basket. 

"Now hand me a new tampon." She gestured to the box on the counter. I opened it and took one out for her.

I watched in fascination as she inserted the new tampon. Then she removed the panty shield and disposed of it. I handed her a new one as well, and she attached it to the crotch of my briefs. She stood up and pulled up the underwear.

"Thank you, you are a very good boy."

We got ready for bed, and then crawled into her king-size bed. It felt weird being bossed around and experiencing these new things, but also very arousing, especially since I was naked and couldn't act on my urges.

I didn't sleep much as all kinds of thoughts kept running through my head. This was going to be an interesting week.

The next few days followed the same pattern. We would wake up, I would remove her tampon and wait on her while she showered. I would hand her a clean towel and whatever she needed while in the bathroom. Then I would give her a clean pair of my white briefs to wear as she got dressed. When I was done waiting on her, it was my turn to get ready.

I wore my chastity cage continuously. It took a little getting used to before I could pee while wearing it. I showered and dried off. Then she would inspect my cock and cage, and hand me a pretty pair of her panties to wear under my work clothes. I would finish getting dressed.

We worked with the staff from the new division, and accomplished a lot, even though I was so horny and wanted to fuck everything. Gina told me I was learning to control my urges well.

Back at the hotel, I would strip naked, and attend to Gina for the evening. We often watched TV or just talked about other things. Other than inspecting my chastity cage and helping remove her tampons, we didn't focus on sex at all.

It was strangely erotic and sensual being naked most of the time. I was always a little shy about my body, but this situation forced me to role play naked, and once I got over the embarrassment, it was liberating. Gina would gently stroke my skin as we sat or I walked by, almost like you would pet a dog. Every touch was electric. Because Gina continued to wear clothes, it emphasized the fact that I was naked even more.

The care of her menstrual needs was also fascinating to me. I had always been afraid to see any of those mysteries, but Gina made me realize they were natural and by involving me, it reinforced the submissive part of the role play. It was so intimate and made me want to take care of her and please her.

I could see that Gina's period was clearing up, and on Thursday morning she announced that she was completely done, and I would be rewarded that night by releasing me from the cage. I immediately started fantasizing, and my cock strained at the cage. This was going to be a long day.

I tried to concentrate on the work with the new division, and for the most part I did, but when I had a stray thought, it was about Gina and how to please her with my cock.

After dinner, we returned to her room. She kissed me lightly on the lips and told me how proud she was that I followed her desires, and waited to have an erection until she could also participate. She relished our new intimate closeness and deepened connection.

Gina asked me to take off my clothes, and then asked me to help her undress. I tried not to rush as I opened and removed each piece of her clothing. I was going to miss seeing her wearing my briefs - that was something else unexpected that kept popping up in my daydreams. Finally we were both naked, and we kissed gently and slowly embraced, our warm bodies touching and sending ripples across our skin.

Gina had me lay down on the bed, and she gently fondled my chastity cage.

"This was very exciting to me, to be in control of your pleasure and have you attend me with so much devotion. I am going to make it up to you now."

She produced the key for the padlock and opened the cage. As she slowly removed the sheath and base ring, I could feel the blood rushing to my cock, flooding it with sensation. It was almost like stretching after a long nap.

Gina set the cage aside and began caressing and stroking my hardening cock. She softly played with my balls, massaging and rolling them through her fingers. I closed my eyes and took in the moment, feeling sensations everywhere.

"You are getting very hard. How does that feel?"

"Oh, wow! Your hands are driving me wild. I can feel my cock pulsing!"

Gina purred and smiled. "I really want you to bury this guy in my pussy. I've been longing for this all week! But first, I want you to kiss my pussy. She misses your mouth too!"

Crawling to me, Gina straddled my chest and brought her pussy up to my lips. I lightly kissed her moist lips and tasted a hint of her juices. I extended the tip of my tongue, licking up between them and across her little clit. Gina arched her back and moaned in delight.

I continued licking her pussy, my tongue darting in and out, and I lightly sucked on her clit. Her juices started to flow, and run down my chin. She started moving her hips back and forth to push her pussy against my mouth as her moaning got louder.

"I need you inside me now!"

Gina backed up and positioned herself over my rock hard cock. She pulled it back from my stomach until it was standing straight up, and guided the head into her soaking wet pussy. I slid inside all the way, swallowed up in that warm wet hole. I almost shot my load right there.

Gina rode me, my hands on her hips pulling her tight to me, my cock sliding in and out of her. She clenched her pussy muscles, squeezing my throbbing cock, as she adjusted her position to take me even deeper. We were breathing heavy, our hearts beating rapidly as one, locked in ever increasing pleasure.

"Fuck me! I wanna feel you cum! Fill me with you seed!"

I couldn't hold it much longer. I pulled her tighter and more desperately, when I hit the point of no return.

"Ahhhhh! Here it comes!"

I exploded in a burst of ecstasy, cum shooting from my buried cock. I could feel each spurt, over and over, as they shot out inside her hot sticky pussy. We both moaned aloud, grinding our pubic areas together, relishing the sensation. I could feel Gina trembling in my arms, both of us too overwhelmed to talk.

Gina collapsed on me and I held her, our muscles relaxing in the aftermath. I felt my cock shrinking, and warm liquid dribbling on my skin as I slipped out of her pussy. We lay there like that for some time before we had the strength to talk.

"That was wonderful! I could not believe how intense that was! I could feel every shot of your seed inside me. I can't ever remember an orgasm that intense!"

"Me too. All I wanted to do was pleasure you, and my cock felt like it was on fire after being cooped up all week."

We laughed, and eventually Gina rolled off of me and we lay next to each other, catching our breath.

"I can feel you leaking out of me", she laughed.

"Should I clean that up for you?" I inquired.

"That would be very nice," she smiled.

I sat up and made my way down to her wet pussy. I gently spread her legs to get access, her lightly trimmed pussy covered in white cum and wet juices. I licked my tongue over the salty fluids, and began lapping them up, kissing and sucking the tender skin. More moans came from Gina's throat as I gently stimulated and cleaned up her pussy.

"Oh yes, baby!" Gina purred and lightly ran her fingers through my hair.

I kept working, speeding up and slowing down, until I could see I was driving her to another orgasm. She wiggled as I increased my attention, until she arched her back and pushed my head away. Gina cried out as she climaxed and more cum pushed out of her pussy. I quickly lapped that up too, and she reached down to my head to pull me up to her.

We lay side by side, embracing, and relaxing.

"I think we need a hot shower and then some sleep. I want to wake up early so you can fuck me again tomorrow morning before we leave," she laughed.