 Following my separation from my wife, I rented an apartment downtown, close to my office, so I could return to work whenever I wanted. My work was one of the reasons we separated. I'm a workaholic. I admit it, but I'm unable to do much about it. I like my work, and everything else takes a backseat.

The office where I work is nearly deserted at night except for the security guards and the cleaning staff. I can get lots of work done at night because there are no interruptions.

About three months ago, I was busy working on my computer when I was interrupted by a knock at the door. It was Cindy, one of the cleaning ladies. She was wearing one of those elasticized tube tops that was stretched very thinly over a set of mammoth boobs. I distinctly remember that I thought I could see her nipples trying to poke through the fabric. I lowered my gaze so as not to appear to be staring, only to find my eyes looking directly at her tight shorts that were stretched snugly against her round ass. 

"Excuse me sir, " she said. "Do you mind if I clean up while you're working?"

"Go right ahead," I replied. "You won't bother me a bit." I lied, of course, because the sight of her big boobs and firm ass restrained only by her tight clothes had given me a huge erection. I tried to get my mind back to work, but my attention was fixed on Cindy.

The truth is I hadn't had sex in a long time. Like most things in my life, work tended to get in the way. In fact, I thought that I just wasn't interested in sex any more, but there I was with a raging erection, drooling over a shapely blonde who I guessed was about 22 years old.

It was late, and my imagination was running wild with thoughts of how I'd like to bend Cindy over my desk and slip my cock between her thighs. So, I decided to go call it quits for the night. I asked Cindy to close the door to my office when she was finished.

It wasn't until I got to the parking lot that I remembered that I had left my brief case in the office. I stood next to my car for a few minutes contemplating whether I should go back and get it. I looked at my office window and saw that the lights were still on, but that something was blocking the window. That made me curious enough to go back in.

The office door was still open, but I stopped dead in my tracks just inside the doorway. My big leather executive's chair had been rolled over to face the window, and over the top of the chair I could see a tussle of blonde hair. I knew it was Cindy. Next to the chair were piled her shorts and tube top. Immediately, my cock stood at attention as the reality of the situation came to mind.

Cindy had placed the desk chair in such a way so that she could place a leg over each of the armrests with her pussy spread in front of the big plate glass window. I could hear her low moans as I watched her reflection in the window.

One hand was busy pulling on her hard pink nipples while her other hand was doing a dance number inside her pussy. She had three fingers firmly planted deep inside her while she used her thumb to pound against her clit. For a second I considered quietly leaving the room and going to the men's room to jerk off, but then her eyes opened and she saw my reflection in the window.

She didn't seem surprised to see me or the least bit embarrassed. "Why don't you take it out and jerk off,” she said. “I'll help you, if you want."

Her huge breasts and swollen nipples swayed back and forth as she walked over to where I was standing. She undid my pants and grabbed by fully erect dick. She stroked my cock with her hand and teased the underside of it with her thumb. With her other hand she hefted my swollen nuts and gently kneaded them. I didn't care that I was standing in front of a window eight stories up in the middle of the city. All I wanted now was to unleash my load.

Cindy led me over to my leather chair by my engorged cock. She kneeled in front of me and swallowed my whole cock, sucking on it right to its root. She kept on sucking and slurping while her fingernails stroked my stomach and the inside of my thighs. I could see her firm ass in the reflection of the office window. She gave me a show as she used her other hand to finger her wet pussy and massage her love button.

"I love sucking on your cock," she moaned. "You've made me so hot, I need your big dick inside me, right now." With that she got up, turned around, and positioned her pussy lips directly over my swollen shaft. She grabbed my cock and rubbed the swollen head in small circles against her pussy. I thought I would explode right then, but managed to compose myself. The arms of the chair made it difficult to drive my lance into her dripping pussy, so I suggested we get down on the floor. She readily complied with my request.

She got on all fours, facing the window, and I knelt behind her. By now she was so lubricated with her juices that my rock-hard cock slid in all the way to the hilt. Her pussy was tight, and she massaged the length of my cock with her inner muscles. It almost felt like she was still sucking on my cock with her mouth, only better. She moved faster and faster, crying out with pleasure with every thrust of my cock. I could see her pendulant breasts swaying back and forth in the reflection in the window. The view was indescribable. When I looked down I saw her eager pussy taking the full length of my engorged cock, and when I looked up I had a full view of the city lights that decorated the streets and tall skyscrapers. 

"That's it. Harder, harder," she cried out as she neared her climax. My cum boiled in my balls, and I knew that I couldn't hold out much longer. "Oh, that's it," she screamed. "I'm cumming, Oh, fuck me good."

Quickly she turned around and grabbed my cock and started stroking it like someone possessed. Within a second, I shot my load all over her breasts. I didn't think I would stop cumming. She kept stroking the head of my dick, milking every last drop, until I thought I would pass out from pleasure. Then she slowed down her pace and rubbed her gummy bear nipples with the head of my cock. The feeling was out of this world.

I tried to talk her into staying with me in my apartment that night, but she said she still had a lot more work to do, and that her boss would know if she skipped out. She told me that she hadn't had sex with a man since she broke up with her boyfriend, and that she forgot how good it was. But she wasn't ready for all the excess baggage of a permanent relationship. 

I sat down in my leather chair to allow the afterglow to subside, while Cindy cuddled in my lap. She admitted to me that having sex in different places really turned her on. She asked me if I had ever thought of doing it in the elevator while it was moving. The possibility of the car stopping and the door opening to reveal you fucking your brains out was a real turnon for her. I'd never thought of doing it in the elevator because during the day the damn thing stopped at about every floor. But at night, you could ride from the top floor to the basement without stopping. That is, of course, unless one of the security guards used it. It was just enough risk to get my heart beating a few paces faster.

"Come on," she said. "Let's do it."

"Right now?" I replied. "Baby, I need a little more time to recuperate. I'm not exactly 20 years old, ya know." 

"No, I don't mean screwing," she said. "Let's just take a little trip naked. I bet we can ride the elevator from the top floor to the bottom floor, completely naked, without getting caught."

I was getting to like Cindy more and more. I loved her sense of fun and adventure. She was just what I needed to take my mind off work. So, what the hell, I decided to give it a try.

Well, we rode the elevator not just once, but three times. The trip from the very top of the building to the basement and back again took five or six minutes, nonstop. On the second trip, Cindy kneeled down and sucked on my cock until it was hard again. And on the third trip, she was riding up and down on my cock as the elevator plummeted down the 24 floors into the basement.

I saw Cindy many times after that. In fact, she became the main reason for going back to my office at night. We never ran out of places to have sex; the copy room, the women's rest room, the break room, the entry foyer. Cindy wanted to do it everywhere, but never in the same place twice. And you know what? We never got caught.