 We had been chatting online for weeks. Then some IMing. A relationship of erotic words and ideas. Our online flirting has kept me wet and wanting every time I see his fake name in my inbox. Admittedly we had met one time before. A wild excursion in his backseat where desire overtook any type of sanity. For one glorious hour we kissed, licked, sucked and stroked each other into our respective orgasms. But really we didn't know each other. Maybe still don't. The lines between knowing and not knowing are blurred. Like the difference between love and hate. Both strong emotions that are connected to someone you care about. Do you know someone if you've spent hours flirting online, and hardly at all in person? Do you know someone when you don't know his real name, his background, hell don't even know who he'd even vote for in the next election? Or do you know a person when you share words, ideas and quips? What the hell determines "knowing"?

I know he is a man with a lot of erotic ideas. 

His latest: meet for a tease at the car wash. He scoped one out. Found one where back by the vacuum machines it is somewhat concealed. He would park his truck in one stall to block the view of my car. I would be tucked in the corner. He wanted to see me in my tight running shorts and a tank. We told me about what he'd like me to do. He wanted to watch me vacuum out my car, bend over, reach in, spread my legs so he could watch my tight ass. 

That morning we IMed. 

HIM:Hi Sexy

ME:So I hear you've got a dirty car?

HIM:My car isn't that dirty, but I just love the view at Big Foot Car Wash :)

ME:what kind of view do you think you'll see???

HIM:Maybe a sexy girl, bending and reaching. 

ME:it takes lots of bending to clean my car

HIM:Oh, good ;) wish it were warmer

ME:going to be a bit chilly in my tank, but with some eyes on me it might warm me up...at least a part of me :)

HIM:Mmmmm, yes, I know how steamy it can get 

ME:yes, I remember some very steamy windows in your car

HIM:I remember something very steamy. YOU!

ME:hard to focus on working and thinking of bending over for you at the same time

HIM:Yeah me too...trying to do something for work, and feeling a stirring between my legs.

ME:yes there is something stirring between my legs too...

HIM:Mmmmm. I'd like to be stirring between your legs!

ME:I would like that too...still can remember your tongue doing some stirring...

ME:And mine too :)

HIM:Oh yeah!

HIM:Will be leaving soon.

ME:me too. I am going into the last stall?

HIM:Yes the last stall...and there better not be anybody there!

ME:might have to hide behind my sunglasses to help me not feel too silly...never set out to let some hot guy stare at my ass like this before!

ME:maybe a cleavage peek too

HIM:Yeah, I think you have a bit of exhibitionist, teasing in you. And I'm really looking forward to it. I'm sure you'll get me all excited, because you are now! It will be hard not to come over and bend you over and take you right there at the car wash! :)

ME:never been an exhibitionist, but you seem to bring in out in me...you and your naughty ideas...we will see what I can do...I never know until I am in the situation...and look what happened last time...silliness subsided quickly...

ME:I will enjoy seeing you all hard and wanting close by...

ME:guess I'll see you soon

HIM:oh yes you will, can't wait

I closed my computer and got myself into my car, smile on my face, my heart beating like crazy, because what the hell was a good little wife like myself going off to do with this man, a stranger? Or maybe he's not a stranger anymore. 

I pull out of the car wash, my car glistening with fresh drops of water. I see his truck pulling into the spot. My heart races and I smirk at myself of the craziness of this act. A man who just wants to stare at my body? After so many years with one man who now doesn't even notice that I've been trimming my pussy short for another man. Here is a new man that wants me.

He gets out of his truck and smiles at me. There is that square toothed smile. I grin back and park my car too, keeping my music on in the background. He leaves for quarters. I had snagged mine out of my kid's piggy bank. I pull out my floor mats and put them on the ground between us. He is back and we both start our vacuums. I laugh and he smiles and nods his head, his piercing eyes follow me.

We both vacuum. I make sure to spread my legs when I bend over. I can feel his eyes on me. When I come out of my car to vacuum the floor mats, I bend over forward and pull down my top a bit to give him a peek at my tits. He nods in encouragement and smiles and then flashes me his hard dick from the top of his running pants. He says something and I can't hear him, so I move close to him. We kiss briefly and he tells me how hot I look. I lean up against his hard dick. We both laugh and return to vacuuming. As I walk to the other side my car, I yank up my shorts so he can get a good look at the bottom on my ass. He raises his eyes and smiles big, which encourages me even more. He says something again and I come over to him again. The sucking noise of both of our vacuums fills the space between us. He whispers in my ear about how much he wants me. I turn my back toward him and lean my ass against his hard dick. He reaches down into my shorts and fingers my wet, swollen clit. Then his fingers slip inside of me and I go up on my toes, body taut, weight against him and melt under his touches. His hand immediately finds my g-spot. My legs quiver.

We break apart and our vacuums stop. I go over to him again and we kiss. He asks me if he can come over to my car and get me off. How can I say no? We drop some more quarters into the vacuum machines and then go over to my car. I sit in the back seat and he leans in and his hand quickly slides into my wet shorts. My clit is slippery and warm and he rubs it softly with his fingers and then before I realize it, his fingers are in me. He is finger fucking me and pumping his hand back and forth perfectly bumping into my g-spot. I lift my hips up off the seat. My foot is on the headrest of the front seat. His hard dick is right there in front of me and I grab it. Rub it. He leans in and kisses me while his hand pumps and grinds and pumps and grinds. I pull my tits out of my top and he leans down to lick them. Bite them, I tell him. He does. He nibbles at my hard nipples that are so sensitive to his soft lips. I lean my head back and get lost in the pumping of his hand, the softness of his slippery fingers, his kisses and before I know it, the spasms of my orgasm pulses my pussy that is tight around his fingers. I let out a stifled moan. I look at him and see his dick right in front of me.

I want his dick in my mouth. I pull down his pants partway and drag my tongue along the underside of his hard dick. Then I take him in. Wanting all of him in my mouth, he moves into my mouth deeply and then he fucks my mouth and I love it. I add my hand and grab on to him firmly and then grab his ass as he moves his hard dick in and out of my mouth, steadily. His hands grip the top of my head and I look up at him and he looks down at me, our eyes are locked while my other hand massages his balls. We keep at it, moving, grooving, until he mumbles, I'm gonna cum, I'm gonna cum. And he does. Nice, warm cum in my mouth, on my tank, even on my cheek. We laugh as I scramble to grab some tissue from my glove compartment box. 

We clean up. We kiss again. We are both surprised. It was supposed to be just a tease. Just for fun. Two strangers watching each other. But we are not strangers, even though we pretend to be.

I get into my car. He gets into his. I straighten my hair and pull away. He is behind me in his car for a minute and then gone driving in the other direction. He is here and then not here. Known and then unknown. Lines of reality blurred in another moment.