 Emma had gotten more and more comfortable with her job over the last few weeks. She still hadn't worked up the courage to tell her parents what she was really doing each day, but each load down her throat felt like a step in the right direction. Emma had fucked everything from janitors to CEOs - and gotten paid for it. It felt great doing it in another body as well, since they would never know it was actually her.

There was, however, one downside to all this: Emma had almost forgotten what it felt like to have sex in her own, regular body. She had to think of an easy way to get laid by just being herself. That would probably be no issue, considering her huge tits.

It took her a moment, but Emma eventually came up with a master plan. She would call over a photographer - preferably some college kid looking for quick cash - and have them take some underwear pics of her. She could use her job experience to seduce him, and then he'd be all hers. Emma immediately began looking through Craigslist for cheap photographers, and found the perfect candidate. A 20-year old named Dean who was just trying to make it through college. She called him to arrange the shoot. He said he could be at her apartment in an hour, which was perfect to Emma.

Emma had told Dean she wanted some underwear pics for personal use, so she went to pick out a few suitable sets. First, a matching bra-panty set in white lace. Just in case Emma could contain her horniness, she also picked out a red push-up bra with matching panties, as well as a loose fitting white tank top.

Now for the makeup. Emma wanted to go simple, but also glamorous. She settled on a "bridal" look she found online, consisting of light grey and white eyeshadow with brown along the edges, nude lipstick, black eyeliner, and healthy amounts of foundation, concealer, highlighter and especially bronzer. She looked astonishingly sexy!

With the makeup set, Emma put on the white lace underwear set. Not wanting to greet Dean in just her sexy underwear, she also wrapped herself in a black silk robe.

Exactly an hour after their phone call, Emma's doorbell rang. Standing there was Dean carrying a whole bunch of camera gear and lights. Emma deemed him to be more than just cute - he was certainly fuckable as well.

"Hi," Emma said. "I assume you're Dean?"

"That's right, ma'am."

God damn. He was polite, but didn't seem the least bit insecure. Emma was in for a treat.

"Come on in."

When Dean was inside, Emma closed the door behind him. She led him into her living room, where they sat down in her leather sofa.

"Well," Emma said. "You're the professional, so I'll just follow your lead."

"Alright," Dean said with a laugh. "You wanted me to shoot you in your underwear, correct?"

"Uh-huh," Emma said and nodded.

"Do you need to get changed?"

"Nope," she said and stood up. "I'm ready to go if you are."

"Great. I'll just get the lights set up and we'll get started."

Things were going good so far. Emma untied her robe and threw it across the room. She could notice Dean struggling to keep his eyes of her fake 34D tits, even when they were covered by her bra.

"I'm all set," he eventually said. "Do you want to begin here, or in the bedroom?"

"Here is fine." 

"Alright. Just start posing, and I'll take pictures as you go along."

Emma began trying different poses. She tried everything; laying down in the sofa, bending over it with her legs squeezed together, standing up with her back arched. She kept a watchful eye on Dean's crotch, hoping it would start to bulge soon - but nothing happened. This wasn't working.

Without telling Dean what she was planning, Emma stood up and reached behind her back. Dean kept taking pictures as she unhooked her bra and let it fall to the floor while cupping her boobs instead. She kept walking closer to Dean, who eventually couldn't back off any further. When they were practically touching noses, Emma removed her hands and her huge tits fell into the camera's view.

"Uh..." Dean stuttered. "D-do you want me to keep shooting?"

"You can put the camera down, Dean," Emma whispered, and began squeezing her boobs.

Dean walked over to the sofa, and laid the camera down on the table in front of it. Emma followed, and they both sat down in the sofa.

"I think you're hot, Dean," she whispered. "I want you to fuck me."

"Oh my God..." he managed to utter.

"Don't be afraid. Here, feel my boobs."

Emma angled her chest towards Dean, who slowly but surely began moving his hands to her. Emma got impatient, and had to press herself even closer to him for anything to happen.

"There you go," she said when he was finally holding onto them. 

She began kissing him. Dean was insecure at first, but eventually began returning them with just as much passion. Emma tried to pull his pants down while they made out. He helped out, and stood up when he had shaken them off his legs. Emma tugged his boxers to the floor, revealing his cock. It was nothing impressive compared to what she'd seen during her LA adventures, but it would do. She took it into her mouth right away and began sucking.

"Fuck, you're good," Dean moaned after a minute.

Emma responded by forcing his rod deeper down her throat, until her lips were touching the base of his cock. She pulled it out of her mouth and began licking the underside.

"Thanks, baby," she said.

She resumed the cocksucking right away. After another minute, Dean suddenly pulled out and aimed his dick down to her tits. Emma didn't have time to react before he was busting his load across her boobs. Line after line of cum landed across her chest.

"Blowing your load already?" Emma complained. "What a shame."

She began rubbing it out across her tits as she contemplated what to do. As she looked up at his cock, which was still rock hard, she realized something.

"You're still hard," she purred, and began jerking him off again. 

"That happens," he explained. "I cum twice in a row sometimes."

"Perfect. In that case, I'm not done with you yet."

Emma stood up and walked over to the sofa. She leaned over the back side, and put her legs together.

"Come fuck me, Dean," she begged as she spread her ass cheeks with her hands.

"I'm coming, baby."

He stood behind her and slid his dick inside her pussy. The cum and saliva still on its head acted as lubrication, making the whole thing even more pleasant. As Dean began fucking her, Emma reached between her legs to rub her clit. He wasn't very fast, so she would have to please herself if she wanted to cum.

After a moment of soft fucking, Dean reached around Emma to grab hold of her tits. He started squeezing hard as he pulled Emma up, forcing her to arch her back.

"I see you like my girls," Emma said. 

Dean was fucking her slowly enough for her to be able to speak like normal, without the sentence being drowned out by moans and screams as usual.

"I fucking love them," he panted in response.

"Pull out and I'll give you a better view."

Dean pulled out, and Emma walked around the sofa. She laid down on her back and spread her legs as an invite. It didn't take long for Dean to go back to fucking her pussy. As promised, Emma put an arm below her tits to push them upwards, giving Dean the best view possible. He increased his speed right away, which Emma took as a sign she was doing something right. 

Once again, with no warning, Dean pulled out. Emma knew what was coming and hurried off the sofa and kneeled down on the floor. Dean stood in front of her and aimed his dick at her mouth, which she held open with her tongue out. His load mostly ended up on her chin, and eventually began dripping down onto her tits. Emma rubbed it out across them.

"Fucking hell, you're hot," Dean panted.

Emma, who hadn't cum yet, got back on the sofa. She spread her legs and started fingering her pussy in hopes of finally climaxing.

"You were too slow, baby," she moaned. "You're hot, but too slow. I haven't cum yet."

"Shit, sorry," Dean excused himself. "You want me to take some photos now?"

"That'd be great," Emma managed to say between moans.

She closed her eyes and focused on the fingering, but could hear the clicking from the camera shutter. When she finally orgasmed, the camera went crazy. Dean must've taken a ton of pictures.

Emma waited out the orgasm before opening her eyes.

"Thanks, honey. I'll recommend you to all my friends."

She laughed at her own joke, before continuing.

"You can see yourself out. I think I'll stay here for while. You were great company, though."

"Thanks, babe," Dean said and began getting dressed again.

He hurried to take his equipment down before leaving the apartment. Dean sent Emma the photos a few hours later, and she was very pleased with the results.