 It is the audition for the play... I am Mr. A, one of your students' uncle, who has volunteered to direct you lot at the charity event.

Black hair with occasional strands of silver, tall, well built and dark, an editor in the technology research department of a prominent automobile magazine. Short buzzcut nape and facial hair, a well shaped and kempt instance of a beard... with piercing dark eyes, voice like rumbling deep and woody in the distance.

That's when I notice you, self-conscious and shy, but oh my, looking at you, that face with the seductive eyes, and lips that beg lust yet stands deprived of it...the typical reserved school librarian, all woman, with a body to die for, who just wants to be liked.

"Su, you have no reason to be this tense... just calm down, go on, try and touch your toes and wiggle your arms like I showed you, yes?"

You are trying out for the play... I see you, as you laugh...smile...nod "Yes Mr. A... I remember... I do"

I look at you, with a serious expression and the hint of a supportive smile*

"There you go!"

"Thanks for the advice...I want to do well," you respond.

I see you looking around... 

"There are a lot of folks trying out... Wow..."

"I know you are a natural at this, and for what it's worth you are phenomenal. Just relax and feel the character... You got this... And no Jeremy that is not what a codpiece looks like, excuse me Su, just keep loose and relax, ok? Jeremy I see you pull something like that backstage... *gesturing 2 eyes and pointing sternly with a deadpane tone to Jeremy*

Watching you cannot help but laugh at these shenanigans.

As I walk to the center of the stage...

"Places Everyone."

Everyone stands... as they shift around.

You, wearing jeans that are amazingly flattering to your breathtaking figure...and a loose top...the type you wear, to sort of try and hide your assets up top, something you are very self conscious about...

"Julius Caeser Scene 1 Act 2!"

I declare, In a loud announcement, more akin to a military order than a directorial call...

*Caeser in his bedchambers, waking from his slumber to the voice of Calpurnia screaming. You being Calpurnia. *

You step up...nervous...nodding "I'll try"

"Action."

Watching you now...The expression on my face unwavering and still... with a hint of... something else... seeing you trying to slip into the role...self-conscious... but trying...

You deliver your lines with conviction, your tone steady and calm despite your perspiring body and blushed skin...

The boy Caeser touches you, me watching you flinch a little, but only just... You are instantly relieved when we're done...looking nervous.

"Well folks I think we've just cast our leading lady. Su, you are Calpurnia."

Standing up, my 6' frame walking towards you as I hand you a booklet with my outstretched arm...

"Yes. Reallly. Practise everyday 5-7 after class, think you can handle it starlet?" Looking you dead in your eyes as I ask. You are sweating, quite profusely, your heavy bosom rising and falling as you breathe, the intensity of our interactions today leaving your shapely mouth open a bit...

Watching your big smile, as I respond, "We'll see." Some grumbling behind me from others that thought they were better.

Looking directly at them, "Very good, I believe you can take a few moments and coordinate yourselves, I am sure that Su is every bit as dedicated to her role as you just saw. We will be a democracy here on stage just as Rome, yes? and I think now, Jeremy, do you think that it is in the least bit humorous wagging that wig across your prepubescent genitals?"

I start walking to the edge of stage as a scrawny Jeremy runs for his life. Everyone giggles...Jeremy again...

*Days pass as I bring the group together, the progression is swift and the performances on everyone on team is getting better and better... The new friends in your circle now understanding you better as a person, beyond the obvious...'indications' on you physically... a re-rehearsal now, few days before the screening, your scene.

You are trying hard... like you have every day... not in costumes...grown significantly in confidence...

"Yes, I see what you are trying Su, but I believe you can push further past that... Calpurnia is the embodiment of the Latin warrior spirit, a true blooded real woman who is unshaken and unnerved in her attention and tending to her state. Her part is just as significant as Caeser's, if not more, because until her moment, he was utterly in a state of oblivious arrogance, or should I say, ambition? So you are presenting comfort to his distress, but it is in the how my dear, focus on who you are... What is the balance struck between strength and compassion?"

Watching you nod seriously as I talk...

You respond, "His wife? Partner?"

"um...well...um...caretaker, hostess?"

Come on, think Su, this is not something I can tell you, you need to experience this from within... To tell you would be to treat you like a child, think..."

Watching you getting nervous and frustrated..."um...i...i am... Mr. A"...looking around for help

Others on stage tired after a long day of practice and exhaustion... Their roles would take more time, as they sigh... One of them comes to me, asking if they can leave, they know that the lynchpin in the play are only the three of you playing Calpurnia, Caesar and Antony... I nod, completely engrossed in our discussion.

They get up to leave as one after the other wish you goodbye, and good luck and so forth waving as they go home...

You smile...wave...trying to understand what you're looking for...worried that you are letting me down somehow...

We try and work it through a few more times, before realizing that it is very late and that we are probably too exhausted. 

You are frustrated, unsure of your performance and motive... "I'll call it in then until next time..."

"Hmm... yes, I think that we need a little cooling off too Su, you are and I are exhausted physically and mentally drained... We'll pick this up tomorrow, yes?"

You had been seeing me working so hard all day as well, getting tired , perhaps the most...

I watch you gathering your things...stuffing your backpack... your top clinging to you, the tips showing, with a peculiar feature that I had noticed before... It stirring inside me something primal... 

And to think you got so close... Turning around, taking off my shirt, my broad back with tense muscles, tapering down to my waist and rock hard buttocks, a sheen of hot sweat as I reach for my gym bag for my water... seeing it empty, as I lie down flat on the stage on my back... My lightly tufted wide chest facing up...

Smiling, facing you, my body now in front of you as my lightly dusted chest and torso are in your view, my large arms flexing as I raise my head...

"Well Su, did you know what it is that you missed? The vital role you play to Caesar?"

Your face perplexed but shivering with anticipation... You come closer to my shirtless body, sweaty and exhausted as I lie on the wood floor of the stage, lights all around... "Yeah?"

"Caesar was a man of immense duties and the capacities to fulfill them, but he is mortal nonetheless... he needs his rest, his nourishment. Calpurnia had a peculiar trait to her my dear, something I knew you did too..."

Your emotions looking more perplexed than ever...

"The day of auditions, I noticed you, after you came out of the changing room... your top hanging on the hook... I couldn't resist of course, seeing as to the kind of lust you had me burning inside of me..."

Your face frozen, now a cold sweat breaking over your silken neck as you realize what I had discovered...

My heavy built frame, tired, as I lie on my back...

"It was damp, right at the tips, not too much though... and for it to be so, even before practice, you had changed into another. A woman with your voluptuous proportions, I should have known... but I tasted it, just to be sure, on the wet spots on your shirt... you taste sinfully sweet you know..."

"Calpurnia... Your Caesar wants you..."

Tapping the floor next to me as I stand, walking towards you with a bad look on my face...

"I am thirsty..."

*Still fixed in your eyes, coming to you."

"I want to feed from you."

*You start walking b ackwards, until eventually your back is to the stage wall. A look of fear in your eyes knowing I had discovered your secret, the secret that you kept secret, ever since you developed early. Seeing me direct the stage had made you show some that day on your shirt... You changed out of your old ones quickly so no one would notice the stains...But I did...*

Face to face now, my hand gently brushes your dark hair to one side, my lower torso pushing against you, making you breathe in, making your tight blouse strain against its buttons... 

"No, what are you saying? I don't know what you are talking about..." you say as my left arm grabs you by your waist and pulls your body close against me. You look away, but the look on your face, you are trying to keep yourself together as my large shirtless frame subjects you to this. 

"Oh? You don't? Let me show you then..."

*My hands firmly grasping your waist, slowly move upwards now, finger tips taut around your sides as my palms graze the curves of your sensuous form... Higher still, as my large hands feel your every detail ever crevice... Until they are on either side of your breasts, under your arms*

My eyes locked into yours even as you look away, your demeanor like that of a kitten unwillingly picked up. My palm slides across the tight surface of the front of your white blouse... I hold it against your full right breast, and begin to caress it gently, my fingers working the whole of it to the centre, again and again, as my inner palm grinds against your sensitive tips... And in a stroke of evil, I hold and pinch your nipple, pulling it outwards as you let out a gasp and moan, knowing full well as to what is going to happen, as a moisture squirts from you, the shade of your shirt turning dark as it soaks it up... I see you in front of me, my one hand resting on the small of your back, while the other massages your heavy tits, as I show you how you dripped milk from your breasts when you are excited.

"And there it is..."

My face going to the right breast that betrayed you, my tongue outstretched as I lick you from over your soaked blouse...

"Deliciously sweet my dear..."

I reach forward now and cupping your delicate chin, make you point your lips towards me... I bend lower and lower, inching closer and closer, my lips nearing yours... Your arousing scent burning me from within...

I kiss you again, soft and passionate, my lips suckling gently on yours, our tongues twirling round each other's as my hand teases your damp teat with my fingers... trailing and dancing around it's hardened tip.

I undo the buttons of your soaked white top and stare in awe of your large milk laden tits, the tips of which have white nectar dripping from it, just for me.

I cannot resist as I lick my lips, staring directly at you, as I bend low and close my lips around your dark nipple, my hand squeezing it tight as I try and fit as much of you into my mouth as possible...

I suckle on them, and squeeze them gently, slowly and gracefully sucking on your hardened nipples, drawing them outwards even further as a torrent of your sweet delicious milk flows willingly into my mouth. I feed from you, as you nourish me with the milk from your breasts as we stand there, held in my embrace with your head tilted back as you gently cradle my head now, pushing me to your breast as I feed from you. The wet sounds of me suckling and of me swallowing in shirt gulps...

My hard member now quivering and stabbing outward into your abdomen, I lift you up and lay you down on the table, my mouth never once letting go, some of your milk now dribbling down the side of my mouth to my beard and down my dark chest and abdomen...

My hands go to your jeans and take them off swiftly, as I undo my own. Now naked, I get on the table myself and pick you up and toss you aboard my lap, pulling the crotch of your panties to one side, I line my fat hard throbbing cock against your parting, letting your clit rest on it, making you straddle me as I hold you in place, my face in your tits, my mouth around your nipple feeding, on a stage with the hot incandescent lights boun cing off our sweltering skins, put on display like a bunch of wild animals.

My hands moves away from your back and I grasp your wrists in either hand, holding you in place on the side, pulling down. I lean back a little, my mouth leaving your eagerly leaking breasts... You bend forwards like the milk laden busty slut you are, pushing yourself in my face so I can suck it out of you and bring you relief. Hands around your wrists prevent you from leaning any further as you hang from your arms, leaning forward... Your pussy grinding now on my cock, the slick juices from it on my throbbing cock as you slide... My thirst begins to rise again, as I gently lick around your areola in firm slow circles, first the right and then the left... again and again, over and over. The milk dribblets leaking from you unconditionally now as you look at me with an expression of helplessness need, my tongue oblinging as it trails the drops from your teat from side to side of your breasts, the most sensitive part of it, as I lick the tip of your nipples, but only so...

My hands pull you downward against my cock flat between your slit harder as you struggle at being tortured like this, as I rock you back and forth on my lap, edging you further as it pleases me. The sight of those heavy milk filled tits arouses me to the brink of beastlike carnality. I must have you now, and you will feed me as I do... With a toss of my shoulders and grasping your thighs, I lift you up and rest the tip of my cock against your wet slit, and gently begin to prod, as I let go of your arms and bury my face in your welcoming bosom...

My lips trail kisses upon every inch of you, every inch of you that is mine. Your eyelids, your cheeks, your chin, your nape...Your breasts, arms... 

I bury my face back in between your silk tits and take in the aroma of your sweet essence... With hands now squeezing them into my mouth, I start to suckle, my mouth pulling it in the vacuum of my lips, as they pull taut inside my mouth, squirting your milk feeding me as my tongue flicks and licks it circling and dancing on the tip at exactly which point, you feel me enter your womanhood, deep and curling, wide and thick... stretching your owned pussy as I devour my bounty. Feeding from you as I take my woman, in all the sense of that word.

I can feel the moisture permeating from within you, running down from your pussy lips... The taste of your milk intoxicating... And just as my tongue explores you in the most intimate form exciting your bountiful tits, my hands knead and caress, firmly squeezing them with my mouth pulling on your longing nubs making you squirt even more into my eager mouth.

You moan and thrash, taking my name and releasing your love juices upon my probing member... My free hand vigorously rubbing your clit as I suckle from your breasts, flicking your nipple with my tongue as I do... tasting the pure and intoxicating flavor of you from it...

I look you deep in the eyes, "I want my seed in you, and fuck me, I'll will fill you with it, all inside that hot tight little pussy that is mine, you will have it inside you, as it fills up your womb... You are my woman, and I will breed you as mine... see that belly swell up as you carry my baby inside you, those breasts to get even bigger once I mark you as mine. You are mine babygirl and you will take my hot, heavy and thick man cum deep inside you and have my baby, as I fuck you every day since to remind you of whose it is growing inside you..."

I say this as I reach in to kiss you in the fiery heat of our passion... I push it in, your strained gasps silenced in the void of my mouth... Your breasts slapping against the top of my chest, your milk spilling everywhere... I pull it out a bit, the sinewy ripples of my cock enticing the pleasure centers inside your most pleasing sanctity...Again and again... Faster and faster... The long, thick shaft pumping in and out of you as I groan with pleasure... your soft lips squeezing it and working to suck my cum out of me...

My mouth shifting back to your tits as I feed from them again, slamming my cock into you with every second as I suck the milk out of you...

I push it in all the way, taking you aback as you part your thighs wider to take it all in... Inside you, I feel it squishing all about, like a wet wall about to burst, awaiting my hot jizz to be released, and fill you up for you to hold inside and have my baby...

You yearn to be claimed, to be pumped full of my cum...You rock against my body, the hard muscles beckoning you to grab and hold and pull... my body rocking to it while feeding and pushing more of your tits into my mouth, squeezing them both against each other in my face as I fuck your straddled body...

I take you faster and harder, my hard body flexing as I feel your desire for the true essence of my manhood to be inside you, to feel it, taste it, and have it lathered all over you...

"Take it!"

I whisper this, as you feel me pump and release into you, loads after loads of my hot, heavy cum, filling you... My mouth suckling your tits as I pull on them with the vacuum of my mouth, letting go with a loud wet pop, watching your tits squirt milk all over my dark body...I groan and writhe, the sweat from my forehead dripping on you as I feel your heart slowing down...

Watching your body, covered in sweat and your own milk, the tips of your gorgeous breasts shimmering with beads of white delight... a look of absolute corruption on your face as you smile that wicked smile...

I pull my thick hot throbbing cock out of you gently, seeing some it ooze out of your pussy, as I scoop it up and drip it over your lips, the scent of my musk in your nose as feed some to you... and kiss you tenderly, cupping your well used breasts, as I sigh in contentment... having claimed all of you, inside you and out, waiting for you to have that gift of what is mine.