 I spend most of my life working away from home on various contracts, so when a good friend of my wife telephoned me to ask if I could do a little job on her car for a bit of cash, "Hell" I thought, "I'm in the area, so why not?"

I arranged to be there a couple of days later. The job was an easy one, a bit of maintenance and repair, followed by an official safety check. I took the car away and arranged to deliver it back that evening.

About six o'clock that evening I knocked on her door.

"Come in...Door's open." She shouted from the upper floor.

As I stepped through the door she popped her head over the bannisters, her shoulder length wet hair shedding small drops of water down the stair-well. "Be with you in a minute - just got out of the shower. Make yourself at home. Put the kettle on!"

"Okay." I replied, walked into the kitchen and did what I was asked.

Julie was an exceptional looking woman, her ice blue eyes and slim, near perfect figure not giving away the fact that she was a mother of two, and had been married four times. Christ, how could any of them have let her go? Now in her late thirties, she was about ten years younger than my wife, and five years younger than me. We'd all met when her oldest child was at school with our youngest, and we'd hit it off straight away, my wife and her , and her (now ex) husband and I. Ten years down the line and two husbands later, she was now single again.

"If only..." I thought.

My train of thought was interrupted by her sudden appearance, framed by the kitchen doorway, and standing in a knee-length pink bath robe, with her hair wrapped in a 'turban' towel.

"Everything OK?" She asked.

I made a point of looking her up and down, "Looks fine to me!" The banter always flowed freely with Julie.

"No" She laughed, "With the car, silly!"

I explained whet I'd done, and how much it cost, and she bent over the kitchen worktop to get her cheque-book from her purse. Her movement parted the front of her robe and revealed a milky-white thigh. 

As she tore the cheque from its book, it dropped to the floor at her feet, and I instinctively knelt down to pick it up. As I looked up I caught a glimpse of her pussy, the neatly trimmed black tufts perfectly outlining her pink puffy lips.

"Collar and cuffs don't match then?" I smiled as I looked up to her. It was no secret that her blonde hair came from a bottle. She giggled back at me but made no attempt to cover herself up.

I was at the right height so, being very nervous and not wanting to ruin a nice friendship by making an unwelcome pass, I gradually brought my face closer to her pussy. As I poked out my tongue to lick her wetness she gasped, and I pulled away, but she grabbed the back of my head and pushed me back. 

I probed her slit with my tongue and nose, and as my lapping increased, so did her breath, coming in sharp gasps until she cried out, and my face was flooded with her juice.

I stood up, releasing my hard cock as I did, and placed it at the entrance to her tunnel. It was a bit akward as she was still half-leaning sideways on the worktop, but nothing was going to stop me now, so with a few short thrusts I was located in her, and began to make slowly longer strokes.

After what seemed like only seconds, she pushed me away, and I really thought I'd blown it, but she turned to lean face-down on the worktop, and with one hand pulled her robe up over her ass, revealing her perfect pussy jutting out between her thighs. She parted her legs slightly, and I slid in with ease, right up to my balls. I spent a moment savouring the feeling, and trying to convince myself that this was really happening before starting to thrust into her again. She pushed back on me with every thrust I made, whilst reaching down between her thighs and rubbing her clit. It was not long before she was coming again, though this time noisier and wetter than the last.

I knew I couldn't last much longer, so started to thrust harder and harder, until I was just about at the brink.

Julie must have sensed this, and pulled away suddenly, dropped to her knees and took my cock between her lips. A couple of minutes of her sucking and nibbling and I could hold out no longer. My come spurted down her throat and she swallowed eagerly.

She rose to her feet and smiled, rearranged her robe and towel, and without talking took my hand and led me upstairs to her room.

We stood facing each other, and kissed deeply. It seemed somehow unreal that I'd known and fancied this woman for over ten years, and I had already fucked her, but we'd never kissed. As our tongues played with each other I could taste myself on her tongue, and I'm sure she could taste herself on mine.

As we kissed I undid her robe, pulled it off her shoulders and let it fall to the floor, she repaid the compliment with my pants, and soon we stood naked. I looked over her body. Time had been kind to it. Her breasts were not huge, and had only the slightest sag in them. Her stomach was firm and flat, and I wanted her again.

I bent forward to kiss and bite a nipple, and she pushed me back onto her bed. Despite the fact I had only come a few minutes before I could feel my cock stiffening again. She noticed this and pounced on it with her mouth. I grabbed her ass and pulled her on top of me so that I could lick her pussy again, but this time, without the constraints of standing up, access was immediate and easy. I licked and probed whilst she gave expert head, and soon I was harder than ever. She came again, gripping my head with her thighs, shuddering and pushing down on my mouth, whilst never stopping the amazing blow-job she was giving me.

She let go, stood up and turned around. Straddling my waist she lowered herself onto my eager cock and started to bounce up and down. I mashed her breasts between my hands, and then grabbed her waist to try and exert some kind of control over her movements, but she was like a woman possessed, increasing her pace until she screamed out and fell forward on top of me.

We kissed again, me still hard and inside her whilst she recovered, and soon she was starting to ride me again. Another orgasm followed very soon, and she re-occupied the space on my chest.

After a few moments of just caressing each other she stopped and looked up at me, "Do you want to please me?" She asked.

I couldn't think what else I could do, bar growing my cock an extra few inches, that would please her more. "Of course I do" I said, hoping that she wasn't going to try and fist-fuck me.

She sat upright again, and eased upwards just enough to release my cock.

She felt down between us. "Wet!" she said with a smile, and started to massage her crotch.

She jiggled forwards a bit and, with my cock still hard in her hand, started to gently lower herself again. I felt more resistance this time, and felt my foreskin being dragged hard up my shaft. She let go of my shaft and leaned backwards on her hands, moving her body until my cock was firmly embedded in her ass.

Her ice blue eyes rolled up into her lids, and she began to gasp again as she slowly started to buck. The feeling was incredible.

I put both of my thumbs together and placed them on my stomach, so that they would locate with her pussy on her every downward thrust. 

After only a few moments she started to scream at the top of her voice. I had never known a woman come so noisily, and I was afraid the neighbours might call the police, but there was no way I was going to try and stop her. She bucked and screamed her way to her next orgasm, and then fell, limp on top of me again, my stiff cock falling out of her ass as she did.

She rolled off me and laid on her back, eyes closed, silent, almost sleeping, and I took in her nakedness again. She was beautiful.

I reached down and started to play with her pussy again, and she moved gently on the bed.

"Fuck me" she whispered.

I knelt between her legs, and eased my cock into her. She smiled up at me, eyes still closed, but breathing a bit deeper.

I tried to hold back and make this incredible situation last as long as possible, but I could not contain myself, and it was my turn to pump in a frenzy, until I could feel the unmistakable feeling of the start of an orgasm. As I started to pump my seed into her, her eyes suddenly opened wide, and she gasped out as she came again.

We fucked once more when we woke in the middle of the night. It was more love-making than fucking though. That slow, gentle half-awake missionary fuck that takes no exertion, but still results in a warm satisfied feeling for both. 

In the morning I was awoken with a cup of coffee and a pair of warm lips around my cock, which rapidly stiffened into the twelve-o-clock position.

"Good morning lover," she said, smacking her lips and passing me the hot cup of wake-up juice, "What time do you have to leave?"

"I've got to be a hundred miles away by ten. What time is it now?"

"Eight."

"Bugger! I'm going to be late!" I jumped to my feet and started to look for my clothes.

"Don't you want to please me again?" She traced the line of her stomach until her index finger was firmly planted in her pussy. She withdrew it and placed it in my mouth.

I licked it eagerly. "Didn't I please you last night?" I asked.

I weighed up the situation in my head:

Late for a contract - loss of money - bad name - no more work - poverty.

Or

Julie. Beautiful naked, willing Julie who I'd lusted after for years, and who I might never get the opportunity again to...

"Well?" She asked.

I answered by kissing her again, our tongues wresting together with the feint taste of each other, and the newer taste of sweet coffee.

She started to tug on my cock again, though it didn't need much encouragement, and I fingered her slit which was already wet with her juices.

"I'm not a slut." She said. Her sudden statement a bit of a surprise given the situation, "The men I've married have all been mistakes, and some of my boyfriends have just been for sex. I get lonely you know"

"I...I...I..." I tried to stammer some kind of encouragement, but my mind was still concentrating on my hard cock and her soft pussy.

"I'm not a slut."

"Why do you say that?" My mind had started to work, "Do you think I'm here just to fuck you? I've wanted you for years, and I don't care about how many men you've married and how many men you've slept with."

"Good," She said, "Will you fuck my arse?"

She moved onto the bed on all fours and offered her arse to me. I felt I should analyze the situation, but cured that thought by slipping a couple of fingers into her pussy and easing some of her natural lubrication up to her arse-hole until my fingers could slip in and out with ease. I then did the same with my cock and transferred some of her slippery juice to the head and down the shaft. 

Positioning my cock at her entrance I pushed in gently, relishing the tightness, but taking it easy for the sake of my sore member, until I was all the way in. Julie gasped, and pushed back harder.

We started to fuck, me pumping regular strokes, and her responding by pushing back on every one. She felt between her legs and started to massage her own clit again, until her legs buckled and she screamed out loud again.

We lay for a moment, her flat on her stomach and me still firmly engaged with her arse. I started to pump again. This time she didn't move at all, but judging by the groans and whoops she was letting out I guess I was pushing the right buttons. She came again, noisily again, and then was quiet,

I withdrew my still hard cock. I liked anal sex, but for me there is no substitute for a nice wet pussy.

Julie rolled over and looked at the clock,

"Christ is that the time? I've got to pick the kids up from my Mum's at nine. She stood up and started to get her clothes together.

I grabbed her and threw her back on the bed ,"Oh no you don't. You've fucked up my day, so now it's my turn."

I pushed myself between her legs again, located my shaft at the entrance to her pussy and began to stroke very gently. Easing myself into her warmth just a centimetre at a time until I was all the way in.

I started to caress and massage her breasts and then kissed her hard on the lips. Her body responded and writhed below me. We moved together until my orgasm triggered hers.

We both dressed in silence, and I eventually got away from her at about 9:30. She wouldn't speak about what had gone on between us at all, and pulled away when I tried to kiss her goodbye. Her silence made me fear that I had ruined our friendship.

About an hour and a half later, stuck in a traffic jam, my mobile phone rang.

"Hello it's Julie. I think my car may need a service next week..."