 I hadn't seen Julie for some time since our first encounter, and was worried in case she really didn't want to see me at all any more – not even as a friend.

In the few days I had spent at home with my wife over the past couple of months I'd been on tenterhooks every time the phone rang, and whenever my wife answered it: "Oh hello Julie, how are you?" I froze, and strained to listen to the conversation. So far so good though, as nothing had obviously been said. My wife was still talking to me, and she always said that Julie sounded fine.

*

I was working on a new contract, and staying about 200 miles away from home (and about an hour from Julie's). 

One Saturday morning, needing some provisions to keep with me in the car and back at my dismal rented room I decided to visit the local 'out of town' supermarket as it was easier to park there.

I wandered aimlessly up and down the aisles, gripping my little chrome basket and searching for some tasty morsel that would excite my taste buds. I must have looked like as fish out of water judging by the looks that some of the women who were shopping gave me.

I paused in the snack aisle and stared at the shelves.

Chips, Poppadums or Tortilla's, Chips, Poppadums or Tortilla's, Chips, Poppadums or Tortilla's? 

As I reached up for some cheesy corn snacks I felt a light tap on my shoulder,

"Fancy seeing you here!"

I turned around and there she was. Wearing tight jeans and a tight white woollen top that hugged the full shape of her pert little breasts and left her navel and about 3" of her firm, flat stomach on view. The light shining in from the window behind her caught her hair and her top and seemed to make her glow with the aura of an angel.

"Julie!" my shock was genuine. This was hardly her local shop.

"Long time – no see," she continued, "What are you doing here?"

"I could ask you the same question."

"I've got to drop Daisy off at her Nana's." she pointed at the young child who was waiting impatiently by a shopping trolley, "And I thought I'd better pick a few things up whilst I was here."

"Hi Daisy." I waved.

"Hi Uncle Terry." The childs impatience and reluctant manners obvious.

I turned back to her Mum, "Thought I'd have heard from you before now," Julie looked a little confused, and a bit cross, "Your car," I continued, "Didn't you want it serviced?"

"Oh' she laughed, her obvious relief allowing her smile to beam again "I wondered what you were getting at. Yes, well...er...no." she laughed again, " I got the mileage wrong. It isn't due a service for a while yet. Bit of a Blonde moment!" I laughed, "But..." Her voice tailed off, and her head fell forward and to the side.

"But?" I prompted.

With her head still bent forward she looked up at me, her ice blue eyes making contact with my own. She blushed gently.

"But...would you like to come back for coffee?"

My heart skipped a beat, and I felt the stirrings in my pants again. I didn't want to give away the fact that I was too eager, but I'm sure it showed. I must have held back for nearly a second before I blurted out,

"Great!...But when?"

"I'll finish my shopping, drop Daisy off, and I'll be back at home in about two and-a-half hours. Okay?"

I nodded.

She took her child's hand, grabbed her trolley and walked away, the movement of her firm ass torturing the layer of denim that barely contained it. She paused at the end of the aisle and looked back. "See you then!"

Her full lips puckered into a kiss, and then she was gone.

I couldn't concentrate on salty snacks (well, not the kind of salty snacks in the supermarket) after that, so I grabbed a six-pack of soft drinks, paid quickly and headed back to my car.

I purposely took the drive slowly. I could easily have made it to her house in under an hour, but I didn't want to be there before she arrived. "Too eager" I thought.

I stopped at a filling station on the way and bought myself a sandwich. I also bought her a bunch of flowers and a small (but overpriced) box of chocolates. I sat and ate before heading off again.

I arrived at Julie's just after she had, and knocked on her door. As she opened it her jeans, her top, her hair and the smile on her face were all perfect. I gave her the meagre offerings I'd bought, and she pecked me on the cheek and beckoned me inside.

"Coffee?" she asked.

"Am I actually going to get a cup this time?" I asked with a grin. 

She blushed, but then relaxed and giggled gently. She moved over to the kettle and switched it on with a deliberate movement, turned back to me and with her hands placed purposefully on her hips asked, "Satisfied?" 

"Not yet, but who knows..." I had relaxed as well. The freely flowing banter that we had always had in the past had returned, and being with her felt very natural.

"How long can you stay?" she asked.

"I've got to get away by seven."

"What, tonight?"

"No. Monday morning!" I couldn't stop myself from grinning widely.

"You horny sod!" she threw a tea-towel at me in mock disgust "You're assuming a lot aren't you?"

"I'm assuming you didn't ask me back for coffee." I stepped forward and embraced her, by hands going instinctively to her firm buttocks and my lips finding hers. Our tongues played with each other just as they had done the last time we'd been together. My hands roamed over her firm ass and waist, and my hardening cock strained against her, but as I tried to push up the front of her top she pushed away.

"Not now, horny boy."

I looked at her puzzled.

"Don't worry..." she reassured me, reaching out and rubbing my hard cock through the front of my jeans, "...There's nothing wrong, it's just that my sister's staying and I don't want her to know that we're...you know..." She looked to the floor and blushed, "We'll just have to wait until she's gone to bed." 

*

Julie's sister Karen was about five years younger than Julie, but she had obviously been further down the queue when God had given out looks and figure. She wasn't ugly, but she was slightly less of a looker than her elder sister. She had a larger (though not huge) nose, and was slightly shorter and slightly chubbier than Julie. She had larger breasts, and was apparently a true blonde though, the lack of dark scalp roots almost proving it beyond all question. 

She also had a really funny and bubbly personality, betraying the fact that her personal relationship was not a happy one. She'd been living with the same bloke since leaving school, and he didn't treat her right. She was staying with Julie to try and 'sort her head out' after another one of their monumental domestic arguments.

*

The three of us spent an enjoyable evening, drinking wine and coffee, swapping stories, banter and innuendo, until about midnight.

"Well, I'm off to bed." Said Karen, " Night Julie" and then she turned to me, "Where are you staying?"

"Erm..." I felt myself turning red, "...About an hour away, but it's an easy journey." I looked up at Julie and she looked furtively between Karen and me.

"Well drive safely. Night then!" and she left, her footsteps echoing up the empty stair-well.

*

Julie and I spent the next hour or so hardly talking until we were sure Karen was at least in bed, and most probably fast asleep. She stood up and walked towards me, bent down and kissed me hard on the lips. She stood back upright and pulled the woollen top over her head revealing a pure white bra which offered her breasts out as if they were on sale, but this soon joined her top in a heap on the carpet.

She held out her hand to me, "Well?" she said.

I took her hand and followed her as silently as possible up the stairs, the secrecy making my excitement all the more urgent. 

We stripped in silence, Julie leaving on her white thong as some mental semblance of chastity, but me butt naked with my cock standing out like a flag pole. The last time we'd been together it had taken my sore cock days to recover, and I was hoping this time wasn't going to be any different.

She dropped to her knees and took my aching member into her warm moist mouth, and I savoured the sensation, though trying not to move or breathe in case I made a noise. I reached down and stroked her hair, and she looked up at me. The view of those beautiful eyes and my cock in that mouth nearly pushed me over the edge there and then, and I had to push her away. I lifted her from her kneeling position and kissed her, then motioned her to lay on the bed.

I hooked my thumbs into the waistband of her thong and gradually pulled it down her legs, she lifted up to make the journey easier. I dropped it to the floor and was confronted by the look and smell of that gorgeous pussy, it's lips glinting with moisture. I buried my face into it and probed the sweet wetness with my tongue. As I lapped eagerly she wriggled below me and then suddenly stopped and grabbed the back of my head, forcing me harder into her, I guess I'd found the spot.

I licked her hard clitoris faster and fasted until I heard a subdued whimper and her thighs came together and gripped my face. She shuddered in orgasm, and her juices flowed freely. 

I licked upwards, tracing the slight crease of her waist, circling her navel, and then reaching the hard buds at the ends of her pert breasts.

"Fuck me lover" she whispered.

I moved silently between her legs and located my swollen cock with her pussy. A couple of gentle long thrusts later and I was in her, moving instinctively in and out of her wetness. As my pace increased so did her breathing. I bit and licked her erect nipples and she breathed into, and then bit my ear. I could feel the sap rising in my penis and thrust harder.

"Come on, come with me" she encouraged, and at that moment I started to pump my seed into her. She let out a small yelp and then bit her lip to stifle the scream that was welling up inside her. She pushed her pelvis up to meet mine and then shuddered hard as my cock emptied itself of the last few drops of come.

"You are fantastic" I whispered. She smiled, her eyes closed and her breath now softened into a melodic rhythm.

I lay beside her, covering her nakedness with the duvet, and just looked at her whilst she fell asleep. I don't know whether it was love, infatuation or just lust, but I knew I had to be with this woman again. My confused thoughts turned to dreams as I drifted off to sleep.

*

About an hour later I was woken by Julie's eager pussy pounding away on my refreshed member. I'd obviously got hard in my sleep, and Julie was making the most of it. I pulled her towards me and licked and bit her erect nipples whilst caressing those beautiful pert little breasts. Julie must have forgotten about being quiet, and she let out a scream and pushed down on me hard. I was just about to come when we were disturbed with a blinding light and a shout,

"OH JULIE!" it was Karen, she had turned the main bedroom light on, and she stood at the doorway to Julie's bedroom in her dressing gown, staring at our naked bodies entwined on the bed, "HOW COULD YOU? What on earth are you doing with HIM?" She slammed the door behind her and stomped off. 

Julie leapt off me letting my hard cock slap to my stomach, she grabbed her robe and followed her sister. There were raised voices:

"Julie, how COULD you?"

"You're only jealous cos you can't get a good man."

"Well you can't get one of your own. What will his wife say?"

"We're not doing anyone any harm. What's the wrong in it?"

"Wrong? He's a married man. Of course it's wrong."

"He doesn't have a sex life at home so it's not even like he's two-timing."

"And I suppose he told you that did he? He's bound to isn't he!"

"NO." it was Julie's voice, louder than ever, "SHE DID!"

*

There was sudden silence followed by much quieter voices which I couldn't make out, and after a while Julie returned to my side and cuddled up to me. 

"Sorted!" she said with a smile. We kissed again and then fell back to sleep.

*

Sunday morning dawned, and, still half asleep I was vaguely aware of the bed empty beside me. I heard the door open, and soon felt the familiar sensation of a hand massaging my cock and balls. I sighed and smiled, but did not bother to open my eyes.

The hand was soon replaced with a warm mouth, and as it licked and sucked my cock grew harder and harder, until it hit the back of her throat on every downward suck.

The mouth then disappeared, and the weight of an extra body rocked the bed. I felt a knee either side of mine, and then the hand was back, manoeuvring my cock into the warm folds of a hot vagina.

She pushed down. She felt a little tighter than I remembered and a little heavier, but I had been asleep the last time she had mounted me, so I put it down to my mind playing tricks on me. Her hands grabbed my ankles and she started to move up and down, faster and faster. The muscles of her tight pussy were massaging my cock on every buck, and although we had only been fucking for a few minutes I knew I was going to come. I grabbed her waist and thrust upwards with every downward stroke she made, and soon I felt her drop down with all her weight and grip my thighs with hers. She trembled, though totally silently, and I pumped my seed up into her, relishing the sensation, still with my eyes closed, and hoping this feeling would never end.

There was a sudden noise from the kitchen downstairs, and she hopped up quickly, letting my limp cock and what felt like pints of fluid splash down onto my thighs. I heard the door close behind her.

*

Moments later the door opened again 

"Morning lover, I've bought you a coffee" she whispered.

I opened my eyes and there was Julie, wrapped in her robe, and holding out a steaming cup to me.

"Wow," I said, "What a fantastic way to be woken up. What was the noise downstairs?"

She looked a little confused at me,"I was making coffee, silly."

Sudden realisation dawned on me. If Julie had made the noise downstairs then she couldn't have been impaled on my hard shaft at the same time. That left only one possibility. I shifted awkwardly in the bed, trying to cover my cock which was still glistening with what I now guessed were her sister's juices. She let her robe fall to the floor and lay down beside me, her hand snaking towards my shaft.

"Er" I said, shifting away from her, "what about Karen?" 

"She won't bother us. We had a chat last night after the shouting match, and she told me that she understood why I wanted you in my bed, and that if her relationship deteriorated any more then she'd be tempted too!"

Her hand found its target and she felt between my legs, "Or am I too late?" she asked with a smile, massaging her sisters fluids into my cock and making me feel horny again.

"Have I just been set up?" I asked.

"Hell no." Julie's answer was obviously an honest one, "But we're sisters. We always used to share everything, and let's face it, you're not really mine are you."

"No, but you don't understand... I didn't know...I don't want to upset you."

"Didn't know? How could you not know that you've just fucked my sister?"

"I had my eyes closed and...and she kind of helped herself. You both feel kind of the same and after last night I didn't think she'd ever want to look at me again, let alone fuck me. Look I REALLY don't want to upset you, I don't want to ruin what we've got"

She looked a little confused, "So you really didn't know it was her?"

"No."

"And you really want me?"

"Really."

"And you'll do anything to please me?"

"Anything."

"Well you know what to do."

She turned over onto her hands and knees and I stood behind her, my cock now hard again thanks to her efforts, and still covered with a mixture of my come and her sisters it slid easily into her eager ass.

She groaned deeply and pushed back onto me, pulling my foreskin over my swollen helmet, and making me gasp with the flash of pain. 

I recovered quickly and started to pump, harder and harder, faster and faster until she let out a familiar scream. I pulled out of her ass and placed my cock at the entrance to her pussy. By comparison to her tight ass there felt like no resistance at all, and my balls slapped against her furry mound. I grabbed her waist and pulled her onto me, controlling the sensations until I heard her groan again, and then shout out.

She wriggled away, turned around and fed my cock into her mouth. It still had a mixture of my come, her sisters come, her come and her ass on it, and the thought of this – along with the expert head I was being given – made me come almost immediately and I shot my load down her throat. She swallowed enthusiastically and then licked her lips.

She looked up at me and smiled, "What have you got in mind for the rest of today?"

"More of the same I hope!"

She tugged on my limp cock playfully, "I've got to pop into work for a couple of hours."

"But it's Sunday," I protested, "No-one works on Sunday."

"I've got to sort out a few security passes for tomorrow morning. I should have done it yesterday but something came up!" She motioned towards my cock and gave it a squeeze, "Anyway, this looks like it needs some recovery time." She laughed.

"What about Karen?" I asked nervously. I didn't want to risk being alone in the house with her because I thought we'd probably fuck again, and I'd risk upsetting Julie and missing out on the incredible sex that she was giving me.

"Look," she said with mock disgust, "If it isn't hard enough to fuck me again, then it won't be hard enough to fuck her."

"That's not what I meant."

"Are you sure?" I wasn't, but I nodded that I was, "Don't worry lover, she's going home to see if she can sort things out. I'm dropping her off at the station on my way to work, so you can relax and make yourself at home." She kissed me and I watched her dress, covering her puffy cunt lips with a small triangle of material before scooping her breasts into her bra, then covering the lot in a very business-like blouse and trouser-suit. Just the movement of her made me feel horny again.

She grabbed her bag and keys from the bedside table and kissed me again. 'See you later" she said and then grabbed my crotch, "and keep dinner warm!" she laughed and left.

There were voices downstairs, a door slam and then silence.

*

I must have drifted off to sleep again for a short while, but when I woke again I felt the need for coffee and toast, so I pulled just my jeans on and headed down the stairs towards the kitchen. I was at the base of the stairs when there was a jangle of keys and the front door opened.

It was Karen. She was a legal secretary by trade, and her work fashion obviously carried on into her weekends. She was wearing a blouse and cardigan which both parted slightly at her ample breasts, a knee length skirt, light coloured tights and black leather shoes. We stood face to face, and in an awkward silence for what seemed like ages until she spoke,

"Look, I'm sorry about this morning."

"No need to apologise, it was a great way to be woken up. I just wish you'd introduced yourself first." 

She laughed and then started to cry. I hugged her instinctively and felt her soft tears dropping onto my bare chest.

"It was lovely." She said, "You are so wonderful."

I was a little shocked at this. I had never considered myself to be a stud, or anything different to any other bloke. I loved sex, and was grateful to any woman who let me indulge in it. I was a bit over-weight and didn't even think I was particularly handsome, but here I was with women falling at my feet.

"Any man would be glad of the attention you paid me this morning."

"Not any man," she sobbed. "My man won't fuck me at all. He says I'm fat and he won't let his cock near me until I've got a figure like," she drew a deep breath, and sobbed out, "Julie."
