 There was a muted beeping noise coming from the bedside cabinet. Steve turned over to switch off his alarm and suddenly realised where he was. And what had happened the night before. No, that must be a fantasy, he thought, then realised with a jolt that there was a naked body in bet with him, shrouded only by the crumpled, slightly soiled sheet.

Wow! He looked down at the sleeping form next to him, her hair messed by their evening of passion and a night in a strange bed.

Tina stirred at his wakening, rolling onto her back. The sheet slipped from her shoulders and exposed the upper half of her breast. Steve looked on, fascinated. Was this really happening to him? His body started to respond involuntarily, his cock hardening at the combination of what he could see, what he couldn't and what he remembered from the night before.

Tina snuggled closer, her arms reaching out to pull him to her. Steve looked down tenderly as her breast slipped completely into view. What a way to start the day, he thought as his erection grew stronger. Tina wriggled again -- her living hot water bottle was not in the normal position, and she was starting to wake up.

Steve could not resist the sight before him and reached over to gently cup Tina's breast in his hand. So soft, so warm, so inviting. Tina purred in her almost sleep and pressed her body against his, squirming to make the most of the contact between the two of them.

Steve looked away, looking into the distance as he started to worry about the implications of his situation. His thoughts were interrupted by Tina sitting up next to him and kissing his stubbly cheek. Steve looked round, and inevitably down, towards Tina's creamy breasts. His cock twitched again and started to rise beneath the sheet. Tina kissed him again, and they were soon in a passionate embrace, Tina's nipples pressed hard against the hairy pelt of his chest.

The sheet had fallen to waist level, demonstrating that the L-shaped sheet really is a fiction only for film makers, and exposing Tina's chest and stomach to Steve's eyes. At least at this point, Tina was not so aware of her scars. Steve's hand drifted across her chest, and down her belly towards her pussy. He paused, again seeking permission to continue. Tina's eyes opened wide as the two of them kissed and her hand grabbed his wrist. Steve thought he might have pushed his luck -- the night before had been a little alcohol fuelled after all, and they hadn't really discussed what they had done. He needn't have worried, as Tina tightened her grip on his hand and pulled his hand into her groin.

Steve could feel the heat coming from her and the moist air under the covers. He gently touched her pubes, feeling them still damp from their night of passion the night before. His finger slipped further down, spreading her lips gently apart. 

Tina squirmed under this attention, rolling away from him to lay spread-eagled on the bed. The covers, recently so comforting, were now simply in the way. Steve flicked them off Tina's body, exposing her whole body to his excited eyes. The cool air in the room hit Tina's body and her nipples hardened. Steve's nipples also responded to the change of temperature, a detail not lost on Tina as she looked at his body from under her lashes.

Steve's attention, however, was elsewhere. He looked down at the slim, girlish body next to him. What a change from his normal bed fellow. Big breasts were one thing, but in his wife's case they came with a big everything else. This body was far more arousing.

He looked closely at Tina's breasts as he leant closer. Lying down, they were simple little mounds, topped with so-suckable little cherries. Steve gently tweaked her right nipple, watching Tina stretch luxuriously in response. His tongue soon followed, running from her wrist, up her arm, across her smooth shaved armpit and, via the salt cellars of her collar bone, onto the upper slope of her breast, before taking the aroused tip into his mouth. After a few seconds of this attention he gently nibbled with his teeth, eliciting a hiss of air from between Tina's teeth. Tina pushed him gently away and rolled Steve onto his back.

"My turn now, I think!" she said as she sat up and started to stroke Steve's chest.

As he started to protest, Tina tweaked one of his nipples, causing Steve's already prominent erection to jerk in response.

"Ah -- I see someone likes that!" Tina laughed and reached down towards Steve's penis. She gently traced her fingertips around the head of his cock before returning to exploring Steve's chest and shoulders. Having done a fair bit of manual, physical work over the years, Steve's upper body was in not bad shape -- not a body builder's gym perfection, but not a desk jockey's weedy frame either.

Tina suddenly swung her left leg over Steve's waist, leaving her straddling his body. Her cute breasts hung down towards Steve, who could not resist them, leaning forward to kiss and caress each in turn. Tina paused in her sex play to enjoy Steve's only too obvious delight in her delicate boobs, before sitting up straight on his stomach, breasts out of reach.

Steve looked down, over his chest and stomach to where Tina's pussy showed. With the thin covering of hair on her mound, Steve could see her outer lips spread by the way she was sitting. Tina's eyes followed Steve's gaze and she gently stroked herself.

"You like what you can see, then?" she asked teasingly.

Steve gulped. "You bet" he mumbled. Clearing his throat, he tried again.

"You bet"

Tina lifted herself slightly from his belly, moving slightly downwards. She reached down between her legs and retrieved Steve's erection, before lining it up on her pussy. Steve's eyes opened wide as she aligned herself to the head of his penis and gently lowered herself onto him. 

God, she is so tight! thought Steve as, after a couple of gentle test lowerings, Tina impaled herself fully on his cock.

They both looked down again -- Steve in fascination, Tina in amazement, as their pubes tangled. From where he lay, Steve could see Tina's lips spread around the very fattest part of his cock, and as he watched, Tina reached down and started to rub gently at her pussy. Steve's eyes were glued to the sight -- her finger rubbing against the hood of her clit as she sat, full of his cock, naked in a hotel room.

Tina's head was tipped back, her lower lip gripped between her teeth, sweat showing at her temples as she rode up and down the hard cock in her pussy. She stabilised herself with her left hand as she upped the pace of her masturbating, rubbing her sopping pussy with the other. Steve could hear the liquid sounds of her arousal as she rode him and could see her breathing become ragged as she approached her orgasm. Deep inside her pussy his cock could feel the spasms start, getting rapidly bigger and less controlled as Tina's climax struck her. This time, the grip of her muscles on his cock was enough to really hit the spot and Steve thrust up to meet her downward push. Tina's muscles were just recovering, with the odd twinge as she still rode Steve's body when he bucked hard under her, his balls contracting as he shot a load of hot cum into her hot, aching pussy.

"Morning!" said Tina, laughing as she slid off his body. Steve's cock flopped against his stomach, wet with the combination of their juices and drained by the enthusiastic start to their day.

"Good morning!" he replied, reaching for her as she crawled up the bed.

"Back in a minute" she said and walked naked to the bathroom.

Steve watched her closely as she made her way across the room, thinking to himself how good Tina looked from that angle. He glance at the alarm clock, realising they still had over three hours before the business meeting they were ostensibly there for. That might give him time to persuade Tina to play her part in a couple of the other ideas Steve had in mind. With that backside, there were certainly things he fancied trying.

Tina returned from the bathroom, to find Steve looking slightly furtive.

"Penny for them?" she asked.

"I was just wondering if you'd be up for trying a couple of ideas -- you know, whilst we are here...." Steve replied.

"Really? Such as?" 

"Well, I'd love to try..........."

To be continued...