 Author's note: This is a multi-part series. I highly recommend reading 'Working at the Sperm Bank Ch. 01' first, to understand the backstory. Reading all previous chapters is recommended, but not necessary.

DISCLAIMER: This is a work of pure fiction. Any names, places, and events in this story are entirely made up by the author. Similarities with real occurrences are coincidental. 

*****

A few minutes later, Alyssa had a plan. Since her underwear doubled as sexy lingerie, she wouldn't need to change any clothes. All she had to do was go over to Cameron's house, pretend she had locked herself out and didn't want to wake up her parents. She would ask for a blanket, and hope to be let inside for the night. As a way of thanking him, she could offer her body for the night. Perfect!

No later than 9 in the evening, Alyssa's parents had gone to sleep. As soon as she heard snoring from upstairs, she left for the neighbor's house. Once again, she rang the doorbell. Cameron opened.

"Uh, hi?" he said, looking confused at the sight of Alyssa again.

"Hi, I'm so sorry to disturb," she excused herself. "Do you mind if I come inside?"

"No, go ahead," Cameron said, not seeming to care much about what she wanted. "What do you need?"

"Here's the deal; I've locked myself out," she said, while faking an insecure laugh. "Could I maybe borrow a blanket or something?"

"Aren't your parents home?"

"Yeah, but I really don't want to wake them up."

"Uh... Sure, I'll get you a blanket," he said and disappeared upstairs. A minute later, he came back with a blanket under his arm.

"Here you go," he said and handed it to Alyssa. "You don't think it'll be hard sleeping outside with just a blanket?"

"Maybe, but I don't really have any other options."

"You could stay here if you want. We've got a guest bedroom."

"That would be sooo nice of you," Alyssa said and gave Cameron a hug.

When she let go, she gave him a kiss on the mouth. He seemed speechless.

"Um, no problem."

"You got anything to drink?" Alyssa asked.

"What, like booze?"

"Well duh," she joked.

"I'm only 18, Alyssa," he said.

"I don't fucking care, just show me where your parents keep it!" she begged.

Cameron seemed reluctant, but he eventually started walking up the stairs and motioned for Alyssa to follow. They went to the kitchen, and Cameron lifted a bunch of bottles down from the top shelf. Alyssa poured them two shots of tequila. She downed one herself, and passed the other to Cameron.

"Thanks, but I don't really feel like it," he said and pushed the glass back towards Alyssa.

"Yes you do," Alyssa responded and gave it back to him. "If I drink, you drink. A gentleman shouldn't be sober if his lady isn't."

"No, I'm sure, thanks," he said with a laugh.

"Okay..." Alyssa said, before getting an idea. "How about this: If you drink, I'll lift my skirt up for you!"

"Uh... Sure," he replied after a moment's thought. He downed the shot.

Keeping true to her promise, Alyssa hiked her skirt up to show her ass.

"To hell with smooth talking and subtlety," she thought. "I want to fuck him, and that's what I'm gonna do."

"Are you a virgin, Cameron?" she asked, while grabbing her ass cheeks.

He didn't answer, which Alyssa took as a yes. She turned around to see him standing speechless, just staring at her.

"Let's change that," she said and wrapped her arms around him. "You can view it as my way of thanking you, if you'd like."

"I'd fucking love to, Alyssa," he said.

She smiled, and started kissing him. He kissed her back, but in a very sloppy manner. She could tell already how inexperienced he was.

"Let's go down to your bedroom, Cameron," she said.

Alyssa started walking, and Cameron followed. He started at her butt the entire way. When they arrived, Alyssa knelt down before him.

"Take your pants off," she instructed.

Cameron complied, and pulled both his pants and boxers down. His cock was impressive - it wasn't even entirely hard yet and Alyssa already guessed it to be about six inches long.

"Fucking hell, am I in for a treat," she said while stroking it.

Wasting no time, Alyssa started kissing his growing cock with passion. She licked it as it grew. With one hand on his balls, she started jerking him off with the other. It felt like it kept growing with each stroke! At about ten inches, it finally stopped. Alyssa wrapped her lips around the tip and gently licked the underside of it. Cameron started breathing faster, and Alyssa realized he would cum too quickly if she wasn't careful. She tried to be more careful as she worked her mouth up and down his shaft.

"Fuck, that's good," Cameron moaned.

Alyssa kept a hand on his ballsack, fondling it gently. With no warning whatsoever, Cameron suddenly started cumming in her mouth. Alyssa wasn't prepared at all, and it almost choked her as it flew out of him. Finding it hard to breath, she let his cock pop out of her mouth. Gasping for air, Alyssa let the cum already inside her mouth pour out over her chin. But he wasn't finished, and he shot a bit more across her face.

"God damn," Alyssa said while kissing his cock. "Cameron, you've got to tell me when you're cumming. I almost choked there, and you haven't so much as touched my pussy yet!"

"Sorry, I'm new to this," he excused himself.

Alyssa realized he was just a teenager, and would probably be hard again in just a few minutes. She might as well play with herself in the meantime. She stood up and unbuttoned her shirt. Trying to get Cameron hard again, she put on a show. Alyssa swayed her hips back and forth while taking her clothes off, a piece at a time.

She started with her blouse. Alyssa undid the buttons one at a time, before letting it drop to the floor. She turned around, with her ass in Cameron's direction. Her skirt was already pulled up, so Alyssa just wiggled her ass cheeks as she went along. She turned back around and started pulling her panties down. Being careful not to rip the delicate material, she stretched them outwards with one hand. The other moved down to rub her pussy.

Now, Alyssa was entirely naked except for her bra and heels. She cupped her tits and walked over to Cameron, who had sat down on the chair by his desk. Alyssa took his hands and guided them to her boobs.

"God damn," he moaned.

Alyssa laughed, and reached behind her back. She unclipped her bra and pulled the straps down her shoulders. She took a step back, which made Cameron let go and her bra fall to the floor. Cameron looked speechless at the sight of her beautiful body.

"You like this, Cameron?" Alyssa asked while turning around. "Come here."

Cameron gladly walked over to her and gave her a kiss. She didn't kiss him back, but instead knelt down yet again. Starting slowly, Alyssa began kissing his dick in hopes of getting him hard again. It worked, and Cameron started getting hard again. Alyssa laughed when she noticed, and put it back in her mouth.

She worked her head up and down until she deemed him to be hard enough for her pussy. Then, she stood up and waved for Cameron to follow her as she walked to the bed. Alyssa laid on her back, spreading her legs. She started rubbing her clit.

"Fuck me," she begged while looking into his eyes.

Cameron had walked up to the bed, and was aiming his dick as Alyssa's pussy. She realized he had never done this before.

"Just start rubbing it on the outside," she told him.

He did as she said, and Alyssa moaned when he hit the right spots.

"Now slowly work your way in."

Cameron started pushing against Alyssa's pussy. She felt her hole widen as he pushed harder and harder towards it. When he finally thrust in, Alyssa purred in relief and pleasure. Cameron started humping, but he was way too slow for her taste.

"Fuck me harder, baby," Alyssa begged. "I know you can do it."

He started increasing his speed, slowly but surely. He was finally fucking Alyssa just as hard as she wanted. They kept eye contact, and Alyssa's body shook with Cameron's every thrust. She kept rubbing her clit, and occasionally moaned little words of encouragement to Cameron.

"You fuck me so fucking good, Cameron. Your huge dick feels so good inside my pussy!"

Since he was just a teenager, he couldn't hold his orgasm back very long. Like Alyssa had told him to, he gave her a heads up.

"I'm gonna cum," he panted.

"Put your cock in my mouth," she responded.

Cameron pulled out and climbed up on the bed. Alyssa grabbed his cock and guided it into her mouth as he started shooting. This load was smaller than the last one, but Alyssa didn't mind as she figured the S-Extractor in her throat still had to have room for a few more rounds. Dr. Lopez hadn't told her exactly how much it would fit, but she guessed it was around eight or nine just by its size.

Alyssa swallowed his load, but kept sucking his dick when he was finished. She wanted to keep fucking, and hoped to get him hard a third time. While sucking, she looked into his eyes and fingered her pussy. After ten minutes, Cameron was getting hard and ready for another round. Alyssa opened her mouth, releasing his dick with a pop.

"I want to ride your cock," she said. "Get on your back for me."

Cameron got on his back next to Alyssa. She stayed where she was for a moment, stroking his dick. She talked dirty to him in the meantime, hoping to tease him a bit.

"I bet you're happy to fuck a slut like me. A slut who can fuck you all night, and make you cum like you'll never cum again!"

Alyssa sat up and rolled over onto Cameron. She laid on top of him, and they began making out. Cameron put his hands on her ass, and Alyssa reached below her to keep stroking his cock.

"Fuck me," Cameron finally said after breaking their kiss.

Alyssa was sure he would last longer this time around, and hoped to orgasm herself as well. She sat up straight and scooted back. She squatted above his crotch, grabbed his dick, and started lowering herself onto it. As soon as he was inside her pussy, Alyssa started riding. She kept her back straight, to show Cameron how her tits bounced. He kept his hands on her ass, and helped her lift herself as they fucked. The sound of flesh hitting flesh was a turn-on for Alyssa, so she made sure to come all the way down as often as possible.

"Fuuuuck," Cameron moaned. "How are you so good at this?"

"Fucking guys is my day job, baby," Alyssa said while still jumping up and down on his dick.

"What, are you, like..." Cameron said with a shocked look on his face. "Like, a whore or something?"

"Not exactly," Alyssa said and leaned down to give him a kiss. She then whispered in his ear, "But, I'll be your whore tonight, if you want to."

With a laugh, she pulled Cameron's dick out and rolled down onto the bed. She got on her hands and knees.

"Take me from behind," she said while squeezing her legs together.

Cameron moved over to her and knelt down behind her ass. Alyssa spread her pussy to show him where to go, and he thrust inside right away. He went as far in as he could, and Alyssa gasped. Cameron didn't bother starting slowly, and went at her just as rough as before. He grabbed Alyssa's ass to keep her steady.

"My God Cameron, fuck me until you cover my face with your cum!" Alyssa begged.

Cameron seemed to be able to hold back longer and longer, because he kept fucking her for a good minute before pulling out. Alyssa turned around and grabbed hold of his cock. She aimed it at her face as Cameron began to shoot yet again. Alyssa stuck her tongue out, but most of his load ended up scattered across her face. She felt a bit land on her forehead, and another on her left cheek. The rest landed around her mouth, forming a nice ring of jizz around it.

Alyssa let the cum around her mouth drip down on her tits. She spread it out with her hands, looked Cameron in the eyes and started shaking them. The rest of the cum she scooped up with her fingers, and swallowed. Cameron was laying on his back to catch his breath. Alyssa joined him.

"Holy fuck! You were fucking awesome for a first-timer, baby. Do you have a shower I can borrow?"

She didn't feel like any more fucking tonight, since the size of Cameron's load would probably just keep decreasing. A small load was no fun, so a shower and some sleep sounded much better.

"Yeah," he said. He turned over toward her, and she noticed a mischievous look in his eyes. "Mind if I join you?"

"Not at all, baby," she responded with a laugh.

They both got up and started walking to the bathroom. Alyssa followed Cameron upstairs and past the kitchen. The bathroom was next to what she assumed was his parent's bedroom. It had a huge shower, that could easily fit both of them.

After a few minutes of showering, Alyssa felt something strange press against her thigh. She looked down to see Cameron's cock - rock hard, one more time. Should she go for it a last time?

"You're hard again," she remarked with a smirk on her face.

"My dick's kinda hurting from all this fucking," he said with a laugh. "Fuck it, let's go again!"

He immediately started kissing her. Alyssa reached down and started jerking him off. She turned herself around, placed her hands on the wall and pushed her ass out. Cameron slid inside her. He was a bit rougher this time, and reached around Alyssa to grab hold of her tits. The water kept running, and made their bodies shine.

"Oh, fuck," Alyssa moaned. "Your dick is so fucking big!"

Cameron kept fucking her until he was ready to cum. When he pulled out, Alyssa knelt down in front of him. He shot his load straight into her mouth, but it was only a few dribbled this time around. She swallowed it all.

"Ow, my dick fucking hurts!" Cameron exclaimed when she had stood up again.

"Guess you just weren't ready for my pussy," Alyssa teased.

They finished their shower, and went back to Cameron's bedroom.

"You mind if I stay the night?" Alyssa asked.

"Not at all!"

They laid down on his bed, still entirely naked, and were so hot from fucking they didn't bother covering themselves with any blankets. The two of them were spooning, with Cameron on the outside and Alyssa on the inside.

"Good night, baby," she said.

"Good night."

**************************

Alyssa was woken up by the sunlight shining her in the face. She glanced at the alarm clock on Cameron's bedside table; it showed 5 AM. There was still a bit of time for Alyssa to get back to her house before her parents woke up. Cameron had reached under her and cupped her left boob, so she tried to make him let go. He didn't but instead grunted something in response. She had woken him up, and he sat up in the bed.

"Alyssa, what are you doing?" he said, sounding confused.

Alyssa hushed him, hoping he would just go back to sleep.

"You're not leaving, are you?" he asked.

Shit. She hoped a blowjob would get him to shut up. Alyssa climbed on top of him, and gave him a kiss. She could almost feel his boner already, and guessed he had been hard for most of the night. After turning him around to his back, Alyssa let go and laid down with her face between his legs. She started playing with his balls, while wrapping a hand around his dick. She began jerking him off, slowly.

Cameron had leaned back, and was looking up at the ceiling. Alyssa scooted further up the bed and wrapped her lips around his dick. She worked her tongue around it, while moving her head up and down. Alyssa took his cock as far into her mouth as she could, but didn't bother deepthroating it.

Soon enough, Cameron's breathing got heavier. Alyssa lifted her head further up his cock, and he started shooting. His load was about as big as the first one from last night, and Alyssa swallowed after every shot. She licked his dick clean, and then got off the bed.

"Don't worry, babe," she reassured him. "I'm just going to the bathroom."

He didn't answer, but instead turned over and tried to go back to sleep. Alyssa grabbed her clothes, and went to the toilet. She actually needed to use the bathroom, it wasn't just a lie to get Cameron back asleep. When she was finished, she left out the front door and headed back to her house. She did her best to be quiet, and sneaked in through her bedroom window which she had left open. Alyssa put on her panties and laid down in her bed. It felt great to get to sleep in a bed that didn't stink of sweat and cum, like Cameron's had.

******************************************

Alyssa was, yet again, woken up by a knock on her bedroom door.

"Alyssa? Are you awake?" someone said from the other side.

She grunted something in response.

"The boy from next door is looking for you," the voice said. By now, Alyssa realized it was her dad speaking. "I'll go back upstairs and have breakfast while you talk to him."

Fuck. Alyssa had hoped Cameron wouldn't have the courage to talk to her ever again. She certainly wasn't feeling like more sex, since she hadn't cum a single time while he came four. Alyssa got up and reached for her robe, but stopped when she realized they had spent the entirety of last night together, naked. She opened her bedroom door in only her panties, and saw Cameron standing on the other side.

"Good morning," she said.

"Hi," he said with a smile on his face. "We need to talk, can I come in?"

Alyssa gestured for him to step inside her room, eager to find out what he wanted.

"Last night was amazing," he told her.

"Thanks," Alyssa said silently.

"I'm in the mood for a bit more, though."

He started walking toward her, but Alyssa placed a hand on his chest and pushed him away.

"Not right now, Cameron."

"Why? Aren't you like, always horny?"

"I was last night yes," she said. "But I was also drunk. Now, please leave me alone."

"You sure? I'll be quick if you let me."

Alyssa felt he wouldn't stop nagging her, and decided to give in.

"Fine," she sighed. "Be quick, and keep in mind that my parents are upstairs."

Cameron smiled, and unzipped his pants. His cock was already hard and ready to go. Alyssa bent over the bed and pulled her panties aside, exposing her pussy which was still wet from last night's escapades. Cameron thrust in with force, and Alyssa had to cover her mouth to silence her moans. He was extremely rough, almost to the point where it was uncomfortable. Thanks to his intensity, he pulled out after just a minute. Alyssa turned around, took his dick in her mouth and swallowed his load.

"Thanks, Alyssa," he said while catching his breath.

Alyssa stood back up. She was actually getting quite horny again, and regretted she had asked him to be quick. She put a hand on his chest and started speaking.

"Cameron, I'm going back home soon. Don't expect to see me again for a while."

"Okay," he said with a disappointed look on his face.

"It's been a great few days with you, though. You should get yourself a girlfriend your age to do all these things to!"

Cameron laughed at her remark. Alyssa blew him a kiss, before opening the door for him to leave. When he had left, she walked back upstairs to have breakfast with her parents.

"Good morning, sweetheart!" her mother called from the kitchen.

"Did you sleep well?" her dad asked. He was sitting at the dining table, reading today's paper.

"Yup," Alyssa responded and made herself a breakfast sandwich.

"Did you hear any strange sounds tonight?" her dad asked when she had sat down opposite him. "Your mother and I both heard a door closing right after we'd gone to sleep."

"Nope, nothing strange," Alyssa lied.

She was proud of the fact that she still was an expert at sneaking out at night. In high school, she practically ran away every night. Sometimes she went to see a boyfriend, sometimes it was a party, and sometimes she had done it just for the thrill.
