 Heidi and I had worked together for about 6 months. She was only 20 years old and she was gorgeous. 5 feet tall, 105 pounds, straight long blonde hair. Her tits were small, but perfect for her size. We hit it off from the first day she came into the engineering department where I worked. She was shy, but she warmed up to me quickly. She was a good assistant and never complained about the job. After we worked together for a couple of weeks, I asked her to join me for lunch. She blushed, and stammered but she finally agreed.

We ate lunch together two or three times a week. We joked and talked and had a good time. I was 32 years old, but the difference in our ages didn't matter. I was married at the time, and my wife didn't like the idea of my having lunch with a young cutie, but I told her it was totally innocent. It was innocent at first, but after a couple of months , I found myself looking at Heidi with more and more lust. Watching her firm young ass as she bent over to file drawings became an obsession. Often, I'd stop by her desk and glance down her blouse to check her firm hard tits. Her nipples seemed to be perpetually hard and they were always clearly visible through her blouses. 

I often wondered whether she knew I was checking her out, but one day she removed my doubts. I had just spent a couple of minutes near her desk trying to see her tits. She left for a few minutes, and when she returned, I noticed that she had unbuttoned two more buttons of her shirt. I returned to her desk, and I was treated to the sight of her firm tits, pushing their way up out of her skimpy bra. My cock sprang to its full seven inches and my eyes stayed glued to Heidi's gorgeous cleavage. She smiled up at me sweetly and said," You said that we might have to stay overtime today. Have you decided yet?" The sight of those sweet young tits convinced me that today would be a good day to work overtime. I said," Yes, we better work on that project. Unless you have plans for after work."

"No," she said, "I'll be glad to stay." I couldn't be sure, but I thought I saw her looking at the outline of my cock which was apparent through my Dockers.

I spent the rest of the day, planning to seduce her. I wasn't sure if she was willing, but I had to try. The rest of the employees finally left the building and Heidi and I were alone at last. I went to the front of the building and double locked the doors and set the alarm system. If any one entered the building, at least we would have a few seconds notice.

I went back into engineering and called Heidi to my office. She came in with her ever present notebook and sat down across the desk from me. She crossed her thin sexy legs and my eyes traveled up under her skirt. "Okay, boss," she said, "What's on the agenda?"

I started to describe the project proposal and she leaned over to make some notes. I looked down her blouse, then I realized that she had taken off her bra while I was locking up. Her pink nipples strained against the thin white material of her blouse. My cock was throbbing against my pants. Heidi looked me right in the eye and said," I hope you don't mind, but I took off my bra. It's new and little bit uncomfortable." I said," I hadn't noticed, but you look great without it!"

I stood up and started sketching up the circuitry of the project we were starting. Heidi joined me at the white board. As I turned towards her I noticed she was looking at me strangely. She appeared to be blushing and the room suddenly felt hot. I leaned down and pulled her towards me. She didn't resist. She pulled my face to hers and we shared and incredibly hot wet kiss. I hugged her tightly and I could feel the heat of those hot nipples burning into me. I rubbed her back as we continued our kiss. I slid my hands around to caress her tits, and I felt her shudder. I gently pinched both of her nipples and twisted them. Her tongue drove deeper and deeper into my mouth. I pushed the office door shut and led Heidi to the couch. We sat down and continued to explore one another's mouths. 

I slowly unbuttoned her blouse as we continued kissing. I slid the blouse off her shoulders and moved back to admire her gorgeous tits. She reached up and pulled on her nipples and said," Do you like my tits, Jeff? I've wanted you since I met you." I leaned down and captured her right nipple in my mouth. It was soooooo hot. I sucked on her pink nipple as I felt her delicate hand reach my throbbing hard on. She rubbed the length of my prick as I feasted on her tit. Heidi moaned softly as she rubbed my cock and I sucked and nibbled her tits. I stood up and locked the office door. Heidi walked over to me with her tits proudly bouncing free. She hugged me and we kissed again. As we kissed, I could feel her hands beginning to unbutton my shirt. I rubbed her soft bare back and caressed her firm ass. I unfastened her skirt and unzipped it. Her skirt fell to the floor and she stepped out of it and she finished removing my shirt. 

Heidi stood before me wearing only a silky white thong and white thigh highs. Her pink nipples seemed harder than ever. I picked her up and carried her back to the couch. I laid her on couch and knelt on the floor in front of her. I kissed my way up her nylon clad legs and planted my mouth on the crotch of her panties. I kissed and licked her well trimmed pussy through her panties. I grabbed the elastic of her panties with my teeth and began pulling them down. Heidi raised her slim hips off the couch, and I finished pulling her panties off her legs. I put her sexy legs over my shoulders, and buried my face in her sweet smelling cunt. I probed her tight pussy with my tongue while my hands moved up to milk her fiery hot breasts. She ground her pussy into my face while softly moaning my name. I loved the feel of her thigh highs as she rubbed them against my ears and back..

My tongue moved up to circle and tickle Heidi's hot clit. She gasped as my tongue flicked over her clit and pushed her clit hood back. Her sweet juice flowed from her pussy and made a small trail down her ass. My tongue fluttered over her clit, then I licked the full length of her flowing slit. I probed her tiny puckered asshole with my tongue and she squirmed faster and faster. I was roughly kneading her tits now, and she squealed and begged for more. I shoved two fingers deep into her molten pussy and I sucked her swollen clit into my mouth. I rubbed my teeth against her clit and she clasped her legs around my head. 

My face was soaked with her fragrant juice as she finally said," Oh Goddd, I'm cumminggggggggggggggg!!" I battered her clit with my tongue and I plunged my fingers deep into her snatch. I slid a finger up her asshole and I could feel her muscles spasming again and again. Heidi reached down and pushed my head away from her now tender clit. I looked up at the blissful look on her pretty face and moved up to kiss those inviting lips. She kissed me and pulled me down on top of her. She seemed to savor the scent of her pussy on my face. 

She had me stand up and she undid my belt and unzipped my pants. Heidi unbuttoned my pants and let them fall to the floor. The head of my cock was sticking out of the waistband of my briefs. She pushed my briefs down and her sweet mouth engulfed my raging cock. She bobbed her head up and down and her small hands caressed my cum bloated balls. Her blonde hair cascaded all around as she began to suck me at full speed. Heidi made loud slurping noises as she impaled her mouth on my stiff cock. When she pulled her mouth away, she'd lick the tip for a second or two, then she'd go back down for more. I could feel the cum boiling in my balls, and Heidi sensed I was close. 

She pulled her mouth away and jacked me off for a couple of seconds till I came. The first spurt hit her forehead and nose. The second spurt hit her lips and the rest came deep in her mouth. Heidi massaged my balls and contentedly sucked my cock till I was limp. She pulled me down on the couch with her and we kissed softly. "I loved that," she whispered. 

"Me too" I said. "I need to feel that big cock in my pussy," she said.

To Be Continued...