 Jane leaned back in her chair, stretching her arms over her head. Her shoulders were tight, and tingled as the blood began to move around her body again. 

"Too long at this damn computer again," she thought, rubbing her neck with her hands. She ran her fingers through her short, dark hair, feeling her nails scratch over her scalp. She closed her eyes, tired from looking at the screen so long. Her mind was still racing with all the work she had to do. She had a presentation in the morning, and had left it to the last minute to finish. Her flatmate Kate would be home in a few hours, and it was Jane's turn to cook dinner. She felt overwhelmed. Working from home wasn't as easy as she thought it would be. 

She slowly ran her hands over her face and her neck. Her senses felt heightened with her eyes closed. Maybe it was the stress, or maybe it was that she had been single for way too long. She slowly let her hands run down until they softly cupped her breasts. While they were not large, her breasts were round and firm, and felt heavy and tight in her hands. She felt her nipples swell, pushing out into her palms. She slid her hands down over her belly, and then up under her top. Her fingers pushed under her bra, and rolled over her nipples. Little ripples of sensation spread from her breasts out over her body. She hadn't realised how horny she was, but the sensation of wetness in her panties was undeniable. She let her head rest back on the seat, pushing her breasts out further, and opened her eyes. Her window looked out onto a disused lot. There was rarely anyone around. She took a quick look, and then decided to risk it. 

She rolled the chair back a little from the desk and pulled her panties off. Then she put her feet on the edge of the desk. She loved masturbating like this, legs wide apart and back arched. It made her feel sexy. Her skirt slid up around her groin as she put her legs up, and she let it sit there. She slowly rubbed her pussy, enjoying the sensation, and thinking about how she would make herself cum. She let one hand wander over her breasts. Her pussy was dripping with her juices, and she let her fingers wander gently over her pussy, occasionally dusting over her clit. 

Her hips began to rock slowly back and forward, and she dipped a finger into her cunt, pushing it up inside herself. It felt so good that she inadvertently moaned. Keeping her palm on her clit, she slowly pushed another finger inside her pussy, and began to fuck herself. She could feel her first orgasm building, the tightening in her tummy, her feet beginning to curl. She rubbed her clit harder, fucking herself deep and strong. Just as her orgasm hit, she heard a key in the lock. She felt her pussy contract on her fingers, and she stifled a shout. Quickly, too quickly, she pulled her fingers out of her pussy and her legs off the desk. She hit her ankle on the edge of the desk, and cried out. She heard a male voice. 

"Hello?"

There he was in the doorway. Jane tried to pull her skirt down over her hips and hide her panties on the floor, but too late. She flushed, and stood up. He smiled uncertainly, eyes wide, unsure of what he had seen. "Hi, I'm David. I work with Kate. She left a file here, and I offered to come pick it up. She didn't say that anyone would be here...I'm sorry, I should have knocked."

"Ummm, yeah, well, her room is next door. I think her work stuff is in there."

She tried not to look at him as she talked. He smiled, and walked to Kate's room. Jane shut her eyes and sighed, trying to think of what he might have seen. She was strongly aware of the smell of her sex, and her hand dripping with her juices. He was pretty sexy, she decided, in a tall, slim, kind of conservative way. She kicked her panties out of sight and adjusted her skirt properly, deciding to risk a trip to the bathroom. As she stepped out of the door she ran into David, inadvertently putting her hands up to stop herself. 

"Oops – sorry," she said, as he laughed.

"You seem a little flustered," he asked. "Is everything ok?"

"Oh, yeah, everything is fine," she managed to stammer, staring in horror at the print her hand had made on his blue shirt – a print of her pussy juices. He looked at where she was staring.

"What the...? What is this?" he said, a smile slowly spreading over his face. "You still haven't told me your name."

"Oh... my name is Jane."

"Well, Jane, I think you have been sprung."The horror on her face was obvious. He laughed. "Its ok. I don't mind. Not even the stains on my shirt! But don't let me interrupt..." Jane flushed to a deep red. However, just the thought of him knowing that she had been masturbating was making her wet again. She glanced down, and noticed that his cock was straining against his pants. He caught her looking.

"I'm sorry; it's just that catching a sexy girl masturbating...well, it's kinda every guys dream!"

Jane laughed. "Yeah, I bet it is! Not that you got to see much."

"Well, no," he agreed. "But I'd like to see more..." 

With that, he moved towards her and pulled her hand to his face. He slowly kissed her hand, smelling her sex, tasting her juices on his lips. Jane was unsure of what to do...she was embarrassed, but turned on by this sexy guy kissing her hand that had only just been fucking her pussy. David pulled her hand, bring her closer to him. He leaned forward and kissed her lips, softly, then let his tongue push into her mouth. She responded so quickly she surprised herself. In the back of her head a voice told her to stop being silly, that she was putting herself in a dangerous position. She quickly told that voice to shut up. 

She let her tongue slide against his, felt his tongue on her teeth. Their kissing became rougher, harder, and he pulled her to him. She could feel his cock hard in his pants, pushing against her pussy. She put her hands on his biceps, and felt them hard and muscular under her fingers. His arms were around her waist, pulling her into him. Almost without her being aware of it, he had pulled her skirt back up over her bare ass. Jane's pussy ached with the thought of having a hard cock in it. It had been months since she had fucked, and her fingers were just not the same as a cock. He put his arms around her hips, her skirt rucked up in them, and rubbed his hands over her bare ass. 

David tightened his grip around her hips, and lifted her up. Instinctively, her legs curled around his waist, and she found her pussy pushing into his hard cock. He walked them over to the bed, and threw her down. She bounced onto her ass, laughing. He smiled, and then asked her to lift her skirt up again, like she had been before. The smile left her face, and she slowly lifted her skirt up. She looked shyly up at this stranger, her skirt up around her hips, her naked pussy exposed. She was glad she had taken the time to shave it the day before, and he seemed to like what he saw. He unbuttoned his shirt, revealing a slim, muscular torso, and let his shirt drop to the floor. He kicked off his shoes, and unbuckled his belt. 

"Last chance to change your mind," he warned.

Not a chance, thought Jane. "Why don't you take those pants off before I decide," she said with a cheeky smile. She couldn't believe she could be so forward with a total stranger. She felt like another person – a sexier person. 

He let his pants fall to the ground and kicked them off. His hips were slim, and his cock strained against his boxer shorts. He crawled up the bed until he was kneeling over her. He bent to kiss her, and slowly rubbed her breasts through her top. Then he carefully peeled her top off, over her head. Reaching behind her, he unbuckled her bra, and pulled it off. Her nipples were still hard, standing to attention for their inspection. She fought the urge to cover herself, instead putting her hands around his waist. He lent down and carefully licked one nipple with his tongue, then took her breast into her mouth. She felt her nipple swell further to fill his mouth, his tongue flicking against it. He then kissed the other breast, licking and sucking it. Slowly he began to move down, kissing her belly, her hips, her thighs. Jane was almost unbearably aware of how close he was to her pussy. 

Finally, his tongue grazed over her pussy. She still had her skirt on, hiked up around her hips, and she pushed it down flat on her belly so she could see him. His tongue darted between her pussy lips, licking up and down, and she began to relax and yield to him. He pushed his mouth onto her lips, and gently sucked her. Her breathing deepened, and she began to push herself against him. Then he moved his tongue up her slit to her clit, and rubbed it forcefully over her little bud. The sensation was exquisite, and she cried out. He looked up, their eyes meeting, and he sucked harder. She became aware of a finger pushing into her cunt, working its way to where her finger had been only a short time earlier. She pushed down onto his tongue and his finger, rolling her hips. She knew it would only be a short time until she came, and she wanted to savour this. 

She was normally shy about letting a guy taste her, but suddenly she knew she wanted to flood this man's face with her juices, to cum all over him. This thought aroused her more, and her moans became more frequent. His tongue worked harder and faster, and she felt her toes begin to curl, her back arch and her pussy contract. She called out loudly as she came, and he kept sucking and licking until the last thrills of her orgasm left her body. She felt drained, fluid, and lay panting on the bed. He crawled beside her, and kissed her deeply. She had never done this in the past, not wanting to taste herself, but was surprised as her desire resurfaced with the taste of her fluids on his tongue. She kissed him deeply, kissing around his mouth, over his face, cleaning him of her cum. His cock pressed hard into her groin through his boxers.

"Must be my turn" she said, and slowly pulled his boxers down. His cock snapped loose from them, and she smiled as she saw it. It was even-toned, and heavily veined, with a large, uncircumcised head. It wasn't especially long, but was wide and very hard. She continued to pull his boxers down, until her head was at the same level as his cock, and she let the boxers slide to the floor. She leaned forward, and teased the tip of his cock with her tongue, letting it gently flutter over its tip. Then she ran her tongue slowly down the length of his shaft to his balls. Cupping them in her hand, she sucked on of his balls into her mouth, running her tongue over it slowly and firmly. He groaned, and his cock jumped. She took his cock into her hands, continuing to suck his balls. Finally, she moved her tongue back up his shaft, and slowly took him deep into her mouth. She let her tongue run over his cock inside her mouth, letting it linger on his head, rolling it around in her mouth. She began to slide his cock in and out of his mouth, building up a rhythm. His hand reached down to her head, fingers running through her hair. She looked up, and their eyes connected. She quickened her pace, and his head dropped back. He groaned deeply, and then pulled his cock from her mouth. 

"You suck my cock so beautifully...but I want it somewhere else..."

Jane was happy for him to take the lead. Her head was swimming, and she could barely string two words together. He led her up until she was sitting over his body, his hard cock between them. He took it in his hand, and rubbed the head of his cock over her pussy, from her clit down to her opening. She was so wet that it slipped easily over her lips, her juices dripping down the sides of his cock. He pushed the head of his cock into her opening and then stopped. They both remained motionless. Jane loved the sensation when a cock first entered her, the feeling of being stretched, aching for more. She savoured the sensation. Then suddenly, he pushed his cock deep into her. 

The sudden movement made her gasp. He held her down on his cock, letting it rest deep inside of her. She felt it twitch inside her. He smiled.

"You like?" he asked. She clenched her pussy tight in response. At this, he began to fuck her, sliding his cock almost entirely out of her, then letting it slide back home firmly, filling her completely. He rolled her over so he was on top of her, and pulled her ankles up to his shoulders. Her cunt was fully exposed to him, and he rose slightly up onto his knees. He began to plunge his cock into her, watching himself his cock slide in and out of her pussy. She pulled some pillows behind her head so that she could also watch. The sensations were new to her, tighter, more restricted, but she felt debauched and sexy, and very turned on. She reached down, rubbing her hand over her clit. He smiled and placed his hand over hers. They continued to fuck, increasing their rhythm and they rubbed her clit in time. Her breathing quickened, as did his. 

"Oh god, I'm so close to cumming," she gasped. 

"Please cum for me," he begged, continuing to rub her clit. 

She could feel the sensations building, her pussy dripping with her juices. She was aware of speaking, moaning, but unable to understand what she was saying. As her pussy began to contract around his cock, he leaned over her slightly, pushing his cock deep into her. Her cunt clenched around his cock, grabbing it tight and she pushed her head back, thrusting her breasts forward. He kept his cock deep inside her until her spasms subsided and she relaxed, then he thrust hard into her three or four more times before pulling his cock out. He held it over her, fisting it hard in his hand, and let his cum flood out over her. The first few gobs flew towards her head, hitting her pillow, her cheek, her neck, then his second spurt hit her breasts. She rubbed his sperm into her breasts, feeling the warmth and stickiness of him on her skin. Finally his orgasm subsided, leaving a trail of his cum over her body, and he fell forward onto her. They lay together, glued with his cum, regaining their breath. Finally, he rolled off her. She giggled, and smiled at him. 

"I've sure changed my mind about working from home!" she thought.