 Lunch

I Was sitting in my office when a message popped up on my screen. 

"What are you doing today?"

I smiled as I got up and closed my door. As I sat down, I replied back with, "Just working today. Boss is out of the office, so everyone is using today as a catch up day. What are you doing today?"

"I am working from home today. The hubby had an accident and I need to baby-sit him until he feels better."

"That is a shame."

"Not really. He is on some antivert. It knocks him out for hours at a time. So I can get some work and other things taken care of."

"Sounds great! So, the house is pretty much to yourself?"

"Yes, it is. But I am thinking about working out for a couple of hours after I give him his next dose. When are you gonna be able to break free for lunch?"

I paused for a second to re-read this. Normally, I am the aggressive one, but this would make twice that Xochitl made the first move. I might get too used to this. 

"I can take lunch around 1:00. Would that work for you?"

"Sure. Meet me at your place at 1:20. I am not going to stay too long. Just long enough..."

I couldn't make the time pass quickly enough. I tried to focus on work, but that wasn't happening. I made several trips to the break room to get some water. I even joined in the local gossip pool, all to make the morning pass quickly. 

Finally, the clock got close to 1:00 pm. I left the building in something just slightly less than a job as I got to my car. It took me 15 minutes to get home. As I pulled into the gate, I saw her car behind me. I looked back at her in my rearview mirror, and saw her smiling at me. I drove down the way and popped the garage door open. She pulled in behind me and closed the garage door. As soon as the door completely closed, she jumped in my arms and kissed me nice and hard, pressing her body against mine. 

When she broke the kiss, she walked into the house and stopped at the stairwell. I walked in behind her as I saw her sitting on the third step, facing me. I started towards her, as she put her hand up in a signal to stop. I did, slightly confused. She then leaned back on the stairs and slowly pulled the gym shorts to the side, showing me that she had nothing on underneath. She then took her middle fingers and slid it slowly down her slit, and started playing with her clit, with a wicked smile on her face, looking straight into my eyes. 

She then laid her head back as she used her fingertip to trace small circles on the hood of her clit, letting a small gasp out of her lips. She looked absolutely delicious, enjoying herself like that. A moment later, she pushed her finger further down her slit, to the opening of her deliciously bald pussy. I smelled how wonderfully her pussy smelled, and it took every ounce of my willpower to hold my place, as she was enjoying herself. 

After a minute or so of that, she lifted the finger away from her pussy, and motioned me closer with that finger. As soon as I was within reach, she pushed her finger into my mouth, letting me taste how excited she was. I sucked her finger down as far as I could ensuring that I did not lose a single drop. 

After a while of enjoying the exquisite flavor, I knelt before her, and eased my face slowly to her pussy, gently flickering my tongue up and down her slit, even teasing just underneath the hood of her clit, as I enjoyed her delicious flavor. A short while later, I used one fingertip on the opening of her pussy, pushing it in and hearing her gasp at the penetration. I fingered her slowly, enjoying the soft wetness on my fingers as I flickered my tongue over her clit, listening to her gasp and moan, in complete enjoyment. I started working my finger deeper into her pussy, then added another, feeling her pussy clamping down on my fingers as I worked my way into her, enjoying how wet my fingers were becoming in her excitement. She placed her feet firmly on the steps, and started thrusting her hips towards my fingers, as she started pulling her shirt up over her head. 

I started kissing my way up her stomach, as I continued fingering her, enjoying undulating underneath me. I worked my way between her breasts as she reached behind herself and freed them from her bra. Once her nipples were free, I began sucking on them playfully, holding each nipple between my teeth before I released it going for the other one. 

As I sucked on her breasts, I moved my thumb and let it play with her clit, running small circles, as I held her left nipple in between my teeth, flicking my tongue over it. She started breathing heavier and harder, as she approached an orgasm. As soon as I heard her getting very close, I pushed a third finger inside her. This made her go over the edge, as she started bucking up and down on the stairs. 

Her pussy began squeezing my fingers nice and hard as she released a torrent of juices all over my fingers. They were glistening as they went in and out with each stroke. I continued working my fingers in and out slowly, letting her orgasm subside, before I slid my fingers out, licking them clean and enjoying her flavor. 

When she came back to reality, she came down the stairs towards me, and knelt in front of me. She reached up and unfastened the belt, unfastened the hook, and unzipped my zipper. Then she playfully looked up at me as she grabbed the crotch of my pants by her teeth. As she pulled down, her nose playfully was rubbing my cock through the pants, and when they were gone, through my boxers. She smiled playfully, and reached inside my boxers, pulling out a very stiff and pre-cum covered cock. She licked her lips, and playfully teased the head of my cock with the tip of her tongue. She then pushed the fly of the boxers down so that my balls were also hanging out. 

Xochitl then lifted my dick, and started flittering her tongue over my balls as she stroked my cock. She smiled and moaned as she did. I repositioned myself, and noticed that her other hand was in between her legs, teasing her clit as she started playing with my cock. 

She put her mouth back on my cock and started sucking half of my cock in her mouth, while still stroking my cock. She used her juice covered hand to play with my balls. It was a truly greatest blowjob I have received. She smiled her wicked smile, and continued until all of the sudden she stopped. 

She stood up, and turned around, bending over as she slid her shorts off slowly, looking over her shoulder and smiling seductively at me. She then spread her legs just a bit, and motioned for me to come closer. As I did, she reached between her legs and playfully spread her pussy lips with two fingers, inviting me to enjoy her. 

I stood a step below her, and guided the head of my cock into the wet opening of her pussy. I pushed the head in slowly, causing her to moan even louder. I then grabbed the rail with one hand as I placed the other hand on the small of her back. Xochitl moved back slightly, taking more of me into her, as we started slowly, finding a rhythm. We started building slowly until we got to the worked up to the point where our bodies made slapping sounds together. I felt my balls swinging hard, hitting her fingers as she reach between her legs and played with her clit. 

Once I was comfortable with my balance, I took my hand off the railing and began taking off my shirt. Once I removed my shirt and put both hands on her hips, allowing me to go deeper into her, slamming my cock in and out of her tight pussy. I heard her moaning and screaming as I started grunting, pushing my cock in and out into her wetness. 

I leaned forward enough, and reached around her hips with one hand, reaching around, touching her bald pussy lips, pushing my fingertips between her lips, and replaced her hand on her clit. I rubbed her clit as I continued fucking her. She started bucking back harder starting to cum all over my cock, soaking it with her excitement. She panted and moaned very hard, pushing back against me, making sure I was deep inside her as she came.

As she came down from her climax, she eased forward, sliding my cock out of her. I moved back, wondering what was next. She turned around and eased me back to the landing, and eased me down to my back. 

Once on my back, she turned around and squatted down on me, reverse cowgirl style. She pushed her ass back towards me, as she put both her hands on my thighs. Xochitl then started rising and falling on my cock, pulling it out enough that only the head remained inside her, then all the way back down to the balls. I have never seen my cock so we in my life. I only noticed my cock for a couple of seconds, as I was captivated by her sexy ass. I reached out and cupped them in my hands, spreading her asscheeks ever so slightly, watching her take more of my cock into her from this angle. I heard her moaning as she gyrated her hips down onto me. I started to thrust every so slightly into her. 

After a few minutes of thrashing around on my cock, she started letting out a wail of a scream as she climaxed again on my cock, making it more slick than before, as she took it deeper and deeper inside her. 

It was beginning to be too much for me, as my cock started throbbing inside of her. She eased herself back, sliding off my cock and sitting on my stomach, as she continued to stroke my cock. I felt her wetness gathering on me, as she started stroking faster and faster. Finally, with a final thrust from my hips, I started cumming, shooting over her stomach and tits. She continued stroking me through my orgasm, having it ooze down her hand as the last few drops came out. 

"You better go shower and get back to work before you are missed too much," Xochitl said as she reached for her shorts and slid them on. 

She then arranged her clothes, kissed me goodbye, got into the garage, opened the door, and sped off. 

I gathered my clothes and walked upstairs. I think that is the best lunch meeting I have ever attended.