 So, this was great. I was working my dream job for the man I'd been in love with for over ten years. Ok, I think it was beyond love. More like obsession. There was nothing I wouldn't do for Tristan, and he knew it. I fully expected him to take advantage of that knowledge. He knew the power he had over me. But I didn't care. It didn't change how I felt about him.

I was his office manager or executive assistant, or however you want to describe it. He ran a busy construction company he'd inherited from his mother's brother. He bid the jobs and sent crews to various worksites. Supervised all aspects of the business, while I manned the phone, did the entire payroll, and everything that entails. I kept the office running smoothly. I am very organized and detail oriented, so I loved this job. He was inside with me most mornings before setting out for the day about midmorning, to return late in the afternoon. On paper, my quitting time was five o'clock. In reality, however, it was never earlier than six or six thirty.

I'd always liked wearing short skirts and blouses, which is exactly what Tristan liked me to wear. Only he asked me not to wear any underwear, which to be perfectly honest, was alright by me. No panties to ride up or down all day. No constricting brassieres. I thoroughly enjoyed dressing for him. The best part was knowing that any time, he could come up behind me and hold me in his arms, or as I stood next to him at the desk, he'd talk to me and while I'm concentrating on what he's telling me to do, he's running his fingertips upward on my inner thigh.

We were careful not to be caught in compromising positions during working hours. But it was our habit to come to the office earlier than was really necessary and stay later than everyone else would have a reason to.

Anyway, like I said, I would do anything for this man, and he knew it. So we fell into a kind of game to wile away the tediousness of office confinement. He would ask me to do something for him, and I would do it. I knew it was like some kind of test, but I didn't care. I was madly in love.

One morning shortly after I started working for him, he came in with doughnuts. I had to apologize; I'm not much of a doughnut person. "I don't like to eat too early in the morning." Is what I replied when he asked me.

"You mean, I stopped for doughnuts and stood in line and you don't want any?"

"I'm sorry, Tris, but you can save one for later when I'm hungry. All I want first thing in the morning is coffee."

"Well, suppose I ask you to just kiss my ass first thing in the morning, would you go for that?"

"Considering I've already had my coffee, yes, I most certainly would kiss your ass if you asked me to." He gave me a funny look, turned around, unfastened his belt and his jeans. And in less time than it takes to write this, his jeans and shorts were pulled down and I was facing his naked ass.

Wow! I would've given my eye teeth for this opportunity in High School. But I guess some things really are worth the wait. I guess I surprised him, too, because without another word, I just leaned in and started stroking, and kissing and massaging and kissing his ass. I kissed every square inch of it, being in no hurry to stop. 

Finally I did, and he turned to show me how his cock was standing out straight, demanding my attentions. "I suppose you'd rather kiss and suck on my cock than have a doughnut?"

"Yes, sir, I most certainly would. You're getting to know me pretty well." He chuckled at this as I began kissing and sucking on his cock, pulling him into my mouth and giving my full attention with vigor.

"Stand up." He pulled me to my feet, hiked up my skirt, which of course, had nothing underneath, and proceeded to push his large lovely cock into my wet and willing pussy. Oh, my, this was nice. Did I tell you I love this job?

On rainy days, you would've thought there'd not be much to do. The work crews got a day off, and when it's really pouring and Tris can't be out checking job sites, he was of course, in the office with me. He'd turn and say, "Hey, Emily. How about you go topless for the day?"

Well, he didn't have to ask me twice. He knew I would do anything he asked. And really, as a boss, he was good to work for anyway. Not nit-picky enough to be standing over my shoulder constantly. He trusted me and knew I knew what I was doing. Anytime he was standing over me, it was for perhaps reading over what I was reading, while his hands were caressing my large breasts. My nipples especially loved the attention.

"You have the most magnificent breasts, you know that?"

"Only because you tell me all the time." He'd glance out to the empty lot outside. No workers running around on a day like this. We were as alone as if we were working in a cave. I can't tell you how erotic it is to work on payroll for a small company topless. I would have to keep my mind on what I was doing, of course, but my pussy always seems to have a mind of her own, which is just as well. My desk chair was nearly always wet.

After I'd worked for him for several months, he suddenly brought up the subject of me moving in with him. It was late in the fall; soon the weather would be bad all the time. But as much as I loved him, I was afraid to take the plunge to move in together. I heard all the horror stories of couples who live together and work together, and sooner or later, they're going to get on each other's nerves.

"Tristan, if I move in with you, you know I won't be able to deny you anything. I love you very much, but I'm afraid I'll end up being your slave."

"So, what's wrong with that?" He had that adorable twinkle in his eye. Hmmm.. What was wrong with that? This man knows me all too well!

"Emily, I don't like being deprived of your body when I'm home. We have a lot of fun at work when we can sneak around, but I'm still sleeping alone and eating alone and spending all my weekends alone. And I think you are too."

"You know I have no man in my life besides you."

"So, what do you say? This is the perfect solution for both of us."

"But why your house, why not mine?"

"Mine's bigger and it's paid for. What do you say, no more bills for you to struggle to pay on your own…" His arms were around me up under my blouse. My breasts were resting on his forearms and his lips were kissing my face here and there. "I want your body all the time, Emily. Come on….say yes…you know you want to."

He was right and I smiled. All the time I'd loved him in vain and now this is finally happening. My dreams come true.

That Friday we spent celebrating and that Saturday moved all my things into his house. Which wasn't much, so didn't take all that long. I was right, to a certain extent. But he was right, also. We didn't really get on each other's nerves. I had very few demands, and was willing to do anything he asked. 

At home, I pretty much spent all my time totally naked. And for a modern woman, my closet was practically bare. Short skirts, blouses, nice pumps in various colors. That was about it. When I'd moved in here, he talked me out of keeping most of my clothes. What was the point, I'd not wear them much anyway. He wanted me naked.

In the evenings, I would sit on the floor, or kneel next to him as he sat on the recliner or lay on the couch. He would hold my hair in his hands, or stroke my face, or just have to be touching me all the time. Yes, I will kiss his ass anytime he asks me to. But the nights!!! Oh, yes.

It started when we had the conversation about being tied up in bed. I had never done that before, and I said, "What's the point, honey. You know I'm compliant with whatever you want to do to me."

"But it's the neatest turn-on. Try it and you'll see what I mean." He had this white flexible rope that was just perfect for the job. I lay on the bed while he tied my wrists to the headboard and my ankles to the foot of the bed. My knees he encircled with other pieces of rope and tied them to the bed frame so they were spread as far apart as they could go. And the best part of all this….

He'd kneel or lay with his face at my shaved pussy and lick and suck and eat her for the longest periods of time. I came on his face repeatedly. He sucked up all my cum juices…finger me until I'd just cum and cum and cum until my pussy was so sore I didn't think I could come anymore. Then he'd raise himself up and shove his big cock into her…Oh, my pussy would explode repeatedly. And tied up as I was, lying next to him all night, he'd just reach over and massage and finger her constantly, leaving me that delicious sore pussy feeling the next day at work.

I had a padded chair, but the nightly treatments of his obsession with my pussy kept her in a constant arousal. Then, in late December, one of his job foremen just happened into the office to ask Tris something. He was at his desk. I was topless, my big tits sticking out over my desk as I was writing something. Tris looked up to see Clifford standing there with his hands in his pockets. He was staring at my boobs, and it looked like he suddenly forgot what he was going to say.

"They're nice, aren't they? You can see why I won't let her cover them up." Tris was walking around his desk toward Clifford who muttered, "Yeah, they're real nice."

"Hey, Emily, stand up and come over here so he can get a better look." Well, this is the first time Tris has ever asked me to do anything that I remotely didn't want to do. I was secure enough in our relationship to believe he would never do anything to really hurt me. And walking closer to Clifford with my naked breasts pointing the way WAS pretty erotic. Never thought of myself as an exhibitionist, but I guess I am one now.

"Go ahead, Cliff, you can touch them. I'm her boss; she has to do what I say." He sounded serious, but he had that twinkle in his eye. His face had a smile all over it, in a lovely, appealing way.

Cliff looked like he was rather reluctant. At first; but soon got over it, reached out with both hands and began stroking the sides of my breasts. Then simultaneously, his fingers were caressing my nipples, and gently holding them between his thumbs and forefingers in a playful pinch that didn't hurt but felt great.

"These are right nice, Tris. I always wondered what you did in the office with her. She's clearly the finest lady around here and the sexiest thing I've seen in a long time."

"That's not all, Cliff, check this out." Before I knew what he was doing, Tristan had lifted my skirt to show I was naked underneath. "Look, you can reach down and get a hand full of cunt whenever you want. Go ahead and try it. I guarantee it's wet."

Ok, at this point some of you modern ladies will think he's gone too far, but in reality, I was thoroughly enjoying this. I've never had much experience with men and here I have two really great ones, manhandling my body. But not in a mean or abusive way. They were gently going over me appreciatively. And I loved every minute of it.

As Tris held my skirt up, Clifford's hand began massaging and fingering my pussy. "She really is wet. Is she wet all the time?"

"Yes, if she isn't, I'll make sure she gets that way pretty quick." We were standing there and suddenly, Cliff sat on the chair right in front of me. 

"Can I taste her?"

"Ok, Honey, step in a little closer and let Cliff see how marvelously sweet you taste." 

Tris was eyeing the door. I was looking at Cliff's head buried under my skirt. Tris' hands held it up and Cliff began licking and sucking on my clit. Who was already pretty aroused, by the way. My pussy was so creamy; She was loving all this attention!

Oh, oh, it doesn't take me long, I'm usually on the border of arousal at any time around Tris, and soon, could feel the shuddering from inside. My legs wanted to turn to rubber, and my pussy juices were coming out, though they weren't dripping anywhere. Cliff was drinking them all in. Not quite slurping, but pretty close.

I guess he'd drunk in enough of my cream, and backed up with some drops still on the corners of his mouth. He wiped them away with his tongue and then the back of his hand. His other hand was gently rubbing my pussy in some kind of benediction. Tris let my skirt down and said, "Well, what do you think?"

"Hey, Boss, I think that's just wonderful. Thank you very much." He smiled up at me so I wasn't sure whether he was referring to me or Tris. I backed up a bit, smiling back at him, "Yes that was rather wonderful. Thank you, Clifford."

I walked back around to my desk to resume my work. Clifford stood up and Tristan said, "So, Cliff, what did you come in here to ask me?"

"Ah, I don't rightly recall. But if I remember what it was I was going to say, I'll be back, ok?"

"Ok, then." They shook hands and Tristan said, "Merry Christmas."

"Same to you, Boss, and thanks for the Christmas bonus.