 Lisa doodled on her notepad, tuning out what the head honcho was saying. She hated these quarterly meetings, but was forced to attend because she was the team leader for the wait staff. 

She had not wanted to be a waitress again, but this was the only job an eighteen year old could get while in college. The hours were crappy, the pay mediocre. The only bright part was working around so many guys. The wait staff was heavily male, all friendly and protective of her. Her favorite part of the day was seeing Danny, her manager. She had known Danny for almost three years. She had previously worked with him as a waitress at a cheap family pizza place when she was sixteen. She had quit that job after six months, and had missed talking and flirting with Danny. She had been shocked to see him when she had interviewed at the new restaurant.

Danny was thirty, tall, with dark wavy hair. He had a goofy personality and was fun to be around. Lisa and Danny flirted all the time. Lisa had found herself coming in earlier and leaving later whenever Danny was around. She even came in on some of her days off just to see him and hang out with him. She was infatuated with him, and knew it. It was just a school girl crush, just some innocent flirtation, she told herself. She tried to convince herself there was nothing more too it, but couldn't explain away the wetness that grew between her thighs whenever he was around. 

Shifting in her chair, Lisa glanced up from her notepad, and caught Danny's stare. She gave him a sexy smile, and licked her lips in a slow, inviting gesture. Danny smiled back, feeling himself harden, thankful there was a table covering it. 

Lisa leaned forward, causing her shirt to ride lower, exposing more of her cleavage. Taking her pen, she mimicked giving it a hand job, knowing Danny was watching her every move. 

Finally, the meeting ended. Lisa stood and bent over to retrieve her stuff, making sure Danny had full view of her voluptuous ass in her skirt. Straightening, she glanced coyly over her shoulder at Danny, smiling. 

Lisa put on her name tag and apron, and clocked in. There was a major dinner rush, and Lisa was constantly running. Whenever she would walk by Danny, she would "accidentally" brush up against him, pressing her breasts or ass against him. She looked forward to plotting new ways to tease him, flirt with him. It made the busy hours pass by. 

Finally, business slowed down. Having only two tables, Lisa was able to take over other responsibilities. While waiting for the coos to prepare the order for her final table, and waiting for the other table to finish their dinner, she went into the very back of the kitchen and started washing some dishes. All alone, she began humming while scrubbing the big pots. She felt his presence before she saw him. 

"You're quite a tease," Danny said, stepping towards her. Lisa laughed.

"A tease is someone who makes promises but doesn't follow through," Lisa said flirtatiously. Trying to keep the conversation light, Danny laughed. 

"Don't make promises you're not willing to keep," he said, stepping closer to her. Suddenly, he grabbed her shoulders and pulled her towards her, his mouth descending on hers. His tongue swept over her lips and plunged into her mouth. Lisa let out a small moan and kissed him back. Danny's hands roamed over her body, landing on her ass. He caressed her ass, pulling her against him, pressing her body into his. 

Lisa threaded her hands through his hair and pressed her body to his. Danny released her ass, trailing his fingers up her body to her breasts. Her squeezed and caressed her breasts, lightly pinching her nipple through her blouse. Lisa let out a moan. Danny unbuttoned first one, then two buttons of her blouse, and slipped his hand into her shirt. 

Lisa felt the wetness between her thighs, and felt the ball of desire burn in her stomach. She gasped when Danny's hand touched her nipple. His tongue was exploring her mouth. She stroked his tongue with her own.

"Order twenty-five is up," shouted the cook from the kitchen. They broke apart, gasping for air. Lisa quickly buttoned up her shirt, and went to get the food. She glanced back as Danny to see him looking as flustered as she felt. 

Lisa took a few deep breaths to regain her composure before delivering the meals. She checked on the second table, cleared their dinner dishes and took their dessert order. After putting the dirty dishes in the sink, Lisa went into the big walk-in freezer to get the ice cream she would need to make the brownie sundae. Moving stuff around on the shelf to try and get to the ice cream, she heard the door open behind her. Turning around, she saw Danny rapidly approach her. 

Danny took her into his arms again, assaulting her mouth with his. Lisa dropped the container of ice cream in her hands and pulled Danny closer. Danny's hands we all over her again, stopping on the buttons of her blouse. He rapidly unbuttoned her shirt, pulling it open.

Lisa gasped at the cold air hitting her breasts. Danny left her mouth and covered a nipple with his hot tongue, circling it, nibbling it, coaxing it to a hard point. Lisa arched her back against his mouth, urging him to continue his onslaught. She reached between them and caressed his erection through his slacks. 

She push him back, and quickly unbuckled his pants. Dropping to her knees in front of him, she pulled down his pants and boxers. His hard cock sprang out. Without hesitation, she took him into her mouth. Swirling her tongue around the head of his cock, she reached under and stroked his balls gently. 

Danny groaned as her tongue stroked up and down his hard shaft. He took her head in his hands and began thrusting into her mouth. Lisa sucked as hard as she could as Danny continued to fuck her mouth. Suddenly, he pulled his cock out of her mouth. She looked up at him.

"I want to fuck you, Lisa. I've wanted you for a long time, but you were only sixteen. Now that you're nineteen, it's legal." Danny kissed Lisa again, pushing her against the metal shelves. Danny quickly pulled down her panties and pushed up her skirt. Danny traced her pussy lips and felt her wetness. He inserted one finger, then two, while massaging her clit gently with his thumb. 

Lisa moaned and spread her legs wider. Danny pumped his fingers in and out of her pussy. Lisa felt the ball of want in her stomach burning hotter and hotter. She moaned out his named and he pumped in and out faster and faster. She thought she was going to explode. Before she went over the edge, Danny stopped and removed his fingers. Lisa let out a whimper of protest.

"Don't worry, I'm going to fuck you and make you cum." Danny positioned his cock at her waiting entrance. Without hesitating, he pushed himself into her. He reached around and cupped her ass in his hands. He lifted her up and leaned her against the metal shelves, her blouse protecting her from the cold metal. Lisa wrapped her legs around Danny's waist as he started to thrust. 

"Oh... Danny... it feels so good," gasped Lisa, bouncing to meet each of his thrusts. Danny thrusted into her harder, wanting to get as deep as possible. Lisa moaned loudly, feeling close to going over the edge.

"Fuck me harder, Danny, harder! I'm going to cum. Don't fucking stop!" Lisa gasped and let out a loud, guttural moan as she came.

"Oh god, Lisa, I'm about to cum," Danny said, seconds before he went over the edge. He exploded inside her.  Danny stayed inside her until the spasms stopped, and he put her gently down. They grinned at each other as they buttoned buttons and zipped up zippers. 

Lisa grabbed the ice cream and quickly prepared the sundae. She quickly delivered it to the waiting table and checked to see if the other table had finished their dinner. After clearing away their dinner dishes, she brought out their dessert menus.

"So," said on of the customers, "what would you suggest for dessert?" Lisa smiled to herself, knowing the best kind of dessert wasn't on the menu.