 I was sitting at my desk, processing orders and talking to clients on the phone and just basically bored out of my mind. I was also talking to him on Messenger. There was something about him that just made me smile when we talked, and something that made me do all sorts of things I shouldn't do, just because he asked.

This time, he told me to take off my nylons and panties and put them in the desk drawer and lock it -- bad girls like me don't wear panties with skirts. I got tingles all through my body just reading that. I blushed, glancing up to make sure that my office door was closed, then complied. He made me take a picture with my ever-present digital camera to prove it.

Of course, just this little indiscretion wasn't enough for him. Sure, I was sitting in my office without panties, but where was the danger in that? For one thing, I had my legs closed, which just wouldn't do. He had me sit at the edge of my seat and spread my legs as far apart as possible, opening my pussy up for him (or anyone who walked in). He had me pull my skirt up to my waist and take another picture. He was pleased with how wet his little slut was getting.

When I read that, I had to close my eyes and moan softly.

Still not satisfied, he told me that he wanted my nipples to be hard and poking out. He wanted everyone to see what a horny little girl I was. I took off my jacket and placed it over the back of my chair before I toyed with my nipples. At first, I just stroked my fingers lightly across them. Then, I began rubbing them harder with my thumbs. Soon, I was pinching them and pulling them, twisting them slightly for that bare hint of pain that made it all that much better. By the time I took that picture, my pussy was a dripping mess. I proved that, too.

I wanted so badly to cum, and I told him so, and he had me lean back in my chair, legs spread up and over the chair arms, and slide my fingers up and down my wetness. I took another picture for him, and another as my fingers slowly entered my achingly-empty hole. Another picture, this time of my fingers rubbing my clit, then another one as my back arched and I started to cum.

I bit my lip, grinding my hips against my hand, thrusting up at a cock that existed in my imagination but that I wanted so much to be in me at that moment. My gasps and moans escaped erractically as I tossed my head from side to side. And when I was done, I licked my fingers clean and tried to compose myself again.

And that's when I looked up and saw my boss standing in my doorway, a look of shock on his face.

I froze in my seat as my eyes met his, and I could feel the flush creep over my skin. We both just stared at each other for a moment, trying to find some scrap of etiquette learned along the way that might be adapted to this sort of situation. What should I say? Do? Why oh why wasn't the earth opening up and swallowing me?

He cleared his throat and quietly said, "Please come to my office, Ms. Matheson. Immediately." Then, he turned and walked away.

I quickly signed off of my computer and straightened myself a bit more before rushing to his office. I didn't have time to put my panties and nylons back on, so I was extremely self conscious as I entered the room with him staring hard at me. He had me close and lock the door and told his secretary to hold all of his calls. Then he looked at me so intensely and seriously that I was sure I was about to be fired.

"Sit down, Ms. Matheson," he said. "I'd like to talk to you about what I just saw in your office." I gulped and nodded as I almost collapsed into the chair across from his desk. "It seems to me that you weren't doing your work, were you?" he asked, sternly.

I shook my head, "N-no."

"Well then, what were you doing, Ms. Matheson, if you weren't doing your work?" His eyes pinned me to the seat and much as I wanted to look away, I couldn't.

"I-I was... um... p-playing," I whispered, using the first euphemism that popped into my head. The flush on my face deepened as he raised an eyebrow at me.

"Playing?" he said with dry amusement. "And what were you playing with?" He smirked at me and glanced down at my legs. I nervously pulled my skirt down, but he said, softly, "Don't."

My breath caught in my throat as I opened my mouth to answer. I gulped again and said, "With my um... self. Sir." I couldn't take it any more and finally looked down at my hands in my lap. I looked up again, though, when I heard him move around to lean on the front of his desk. I bit my lip as he stared down at me and gasped in suprise when he moved his hands away from where they were clasped in front of him, revealing a bulge in his trousers.

"With yourself," he said slowly, ignoring the fact that my eyes kept wandering down to stare at his cock. "Playing with yourself on company time. Tut tut, Ms. Matheson, that's hardly what we pay you for, now is it?" He smiled down at me, almost kindly, and I nervously smiled back.

"Well, no sir, I suppose it isn't." I answered.

"Right," he replied, "because if we paid you to play with yourself, why ... you'd basically be a company prostitute, now wouldn't you?" He laughed, and I tried to laugh with him, though at this point I was getting a bit confused. Was I going to be fired? Reprimanded? Let off the hook?

"What would you think of that position, Ms. Matheson?" he suddenly asked. "This isn't the first time I've seen you flushed and breathless on the job, and I doubt you've been running marathons in your office. Do you often play with yourself on the job?" His left hand was now stroking idly up and down along his cock and I was mesmerized by it.

"I... well, I suppose... kind of often," I replied, lamely. I couldn't seem to think that clearly while he was standing just two feet away from me, stroking his cock through his trousers and acting as if there were nothing unusual happening.

"Why don't you do it, now?" he said. His voice was suddenly huskier and his eyes were sparked with lust as he gazed down at me. For my part, I was of course aroused by this virile and handsome man who was so obviously aroused by me, but more importantly I was overcome with disbelief that it was really happening.

My mouth opened and closed, but no sound came out, so he spoke again, "Play with yourself, Ms. Matheson... I know you want to. And I definitely want you to, too." With that, he unzipped his trousers and pulled out his thick, hard cock so that I could see it. I licked my lips and moaned. "That's it," he said, "if you want to see me stroke my cock for you, you have to give me something to watch. Now spread yourself like you did in your office, and play for me."

I nodded, mutely, never taking my eyes from his cock as I slouched down in the chair, shyly pulling up my skirt. His gasp of pleasure was followed by a twitch of his cock as my pussy came into view, and that gave me the confidence to once more spread myself wide with my legs over the chair arms. This time, though, I had an audience.

I wasn't too surprised to find myself wet. Between my earlier orgasm and the sight of my boss stroking himself, I was practically dripping. I ran my fingers up and down my slit, getting them nice and wet before I started to fuck myself for him. Two fingers moved in and out of my soaking pussy as my thumb rubbed back and forth across my clit. My hips moved in the air, grinding against and invisible body, begging for more penetration than my fingers could provide. The gasps and moans that escaped from my open mouth encouraged both of us to speed up.

He moved closer as we both neared orgasm, our hands flying in masturbatory glee, and I watched as he gathered up the precum as it leaked from the head and used it to lubricate his strokes. He grunted out that he was close just as my own breathing sped up erratically and then he was shooting his cum all over my slit. I rubbed it in, loving the feel of it on me, and then I started cumming, too.

He collapsed against the desk, breathing hard, as I slowed the movements of my hand and gathered up our cum so I could taste it. He watched me lick my fingers clean, and moaned as I sucked each one in turn. When I was finally satisfied and had lowered my legs again, I blushed once more and looked at him.

He was still hard.

He stared at me as the flush took over my face. "So lovely," he said, causing me to look away, again. "Did I say you could look away?" His tone was gentle, but with steel in it, and I quickly looked back up at him. He lifted my chin with his finger, still staring in my eyes as he said, "you really do love to get off, don't you?"

I bit my lip and nodded, "yes sir" I whispered.

"Yes sir, what?" he asked, a smile on his face.

"Yes sir, I love to get myself off," I quickly replied, though still softly.

"We're going to have to work on your confidence, I think, Ms. Matheson. I want you to answer my next question a bit louder, alright?" I nodded, and then he continued, "Do you like the taste of cum?" He was leaning back against the desk again, his hard cock pointed right at me, and I had to force myself to look at his face instead of the dick I was so distracted by.

"I..." he looked at me sternly, so I cleared my throat and said a bit louder, "I love the taste of cum, sir." His large smile made me feel a bit more confident in myself, so I smiled back. I was still completely overwhelmed by the afternoon's events, but I was starting to bounce back a bit and wasn't quite a fish out of water any more.

"How about you come over here and show me how much you love it?" he asked with a gesture toward his cock before he sat down behind his desk.

I was going to walk over to him, but then I remembered something that a previous boyfriend had loved. I slid out of my seat and crawled over on my hands and knees, my back arched as much as possible and my hips and breasts swaying as I went. He obviously enjoyed it, as well, since I heard him take in a sharp breath and then moan, and he was stroking his cock by the time I got over to him.

"Oh, you are a naughty one, aren't you?" he said with a approval in his voice. My only answer was to smile and nod as I knelt between his legs and slowly unbuttoned my blouse. His eyes were riveted to my fingers as they slowly pushed each button through its hole and revealed the soft, sweet skin of my breasts one tantalizing inch at a time.

He groaned as I leaned in and replaced his hand with my own. I gently grasped his erection in my fingers and smiled up at him, parting my lips slightly while I rubbed the head of his cock along my cheek and across my lips. I kissed the head, sucking just a tiny bit before I leaned back again and just ran my fingers lightly and teasingly up and down the shaft. I bent my legs up and spread them, giving him a perfect view of my open pussy as my skirt slid up. I reached behind me and released my bra clasp, slowly sliding the straps off my shoulders and then letting the cups fall into my hands. He moaned again when my breasts were revealed and cursed slightly when I lifted one up and licked the nipple.

"God, suck my cock you little tease," he panted, and I was just about to oblige when his secretary buzzed and told him that an important client needed to speak with him right away.

We looked at each other and there was no way that I could get dressed and out the door in 30 seconds or less, so I did what anyone else would do. I ducked under his desk and brought my clothes with me. He straightened his tie and moved to do up his pants but I whispered a quick "please don't" and moved his hand away. His cock, which had dropped to half-arousal, began to come back to life at the thought of me sucking him off during a meeting.

I admit, the idea affected me, as well.

His secretary showed the client in and they began to talk. I paid no real attention to what they were saying as I was focused on the hard phallus before me. Again, I let my fingers run up and down the sides of his flesh, smoothing my thumb across the head to gather up the drop of precum there and then circling it around the head. He shifted in his seat, spreading his legs a bit to give me more room, and I reached in and brought his balls out of his zipper. He cleared his throat above me and I could feel him tense as I took each ball into my mouth in turn to suck on it, gently.

I shifted my position so that I was straddling his lower leg and I pulled up his pants so that I wouldn't stain them. He coughed again at the feeling of my hot, wet pussy rubbing up and down on his shin and I stifled a moan of my own by descending on his cock.

I started with just the head, swirling my tongue around it and then into the hole at the tip to lick up the precum. I eased off and drooled onto his cock to lubricate it, then resumed sucking, this time taking in more of his shaft. I began to bob up and down, slowly, not wanting him to cum both because of my own enjoyment and because of my concern for how he might cover that up in front of the client. I doubted a cough could hide an orgasm.

With each descent I was taking more of him and soon I was able to slide the entirely of his cock into my mouth, with the head entering my throat. I breathed through my nose and tilted my head a bit and it just slipped right in. It may have been a while since I'd last done this, but I still remembered my tricks. With my lips around the base of his cock, I wiggled my tongue along the underside of his penis and then out to lick the tops of his balls. When I did that, one of his hands appeared under the desk and grabbed my head to hold me there.

Apparently, I'd been sucking longer than I thought because I heard the office door open and close and then he moved his chair back and looked down at me. We were alone once again.

"Holy fuck you're a good cocksucker." The look on his face was lust mixed with awe, and he let me come up for air long enough to thank him before he pushed me down again. I moved faster now that I wanted him to cum. Looking him in the eye, I moaned around his cock and did everything I could to get him off. I sucked harder, then softer. I gave him lots of tongue. I twisted my head to change the sensations. And, as always, I took him in to the root before backing off.

My own movements against his leg were speeding up, now, and my fingers plucked my nipples, pinching and pulling them as I got closer and closer to orgasm.

"That's it, you naughty little cocksucker... you want to cum don't you?" I nodded but didn't slow down my sucking. "I want you to cum, too... do it, my little cumslut... cum for me." I shuddered against his leg, surprised by how easily I could cum at just his say-so. "Fuck, you're so goddamned hot" he groaned as he once more tangled his hands in my hair and pushed all the way into me before emptying his load down my throat.

After the second shot, he pulled back a bit and I collected his cum in my mouth. When he was done I showed it to him before swallowing (another lesson learned from my ex) and then bent down to lick him clean.

He patted my head and ran his fingers through my now-thoroughly-mussed hair. "Mmmm... that's a good girl," he said. "I think we're going to have a lot of fun together."