 Claire stood at the entrance to the hotel bar and took a deep breath. It was dimly lit, all leather and dark wood. She walked to the far end of the bar and sat down, putting her small purse on the bar top. The bartender looked up, noting her outfit and makeup, and asked quietly, "Are you working?"

She flashed a nervous smile, and replied "Is that a problem?"

"It doesn't have to be," he responded.

She opened her purse, looking up quickly when he saw the large number of condoms inside, and pulled a hundred dollar bill. She slid it across to him and he nodded to her. "That's a good start. I'll send anyone interested your way and I get fifty for each one. What'll you have?"

"A Manhattan please, and thanks, that sounds fair."

He came back a few minutes later with her drink, and looked her over. She was very pretty fine-featured with striking blue eyes, slender, with small but firm breasts. Her pale skin stood in stark contrast to her long, curly black hair, and the bright scarlet lipstick drew his attention to her full, sensuous lips. She was wearing a very short backless cocktail dress, with a neckline that plunged to her navel. Looking over the bar, he could see the hemline just missed covering her smoothly shaved vulva. He grinned and wished it was his night off. 

On the other hand, as long as she didn't scare off business by looking too classy, he expected to make a nice amount of side cash tonight.

Claire sipped her drink and turned a little towards the bar. She let one high heel touch the floor, while leaving the other resting on the brass rail. The low jazz playing in the background helped to settle her nerves while also putting her in a sexy mood.

The hotel was pretty nice, situated relatively near the airport and it catered to business travelers. She could confirm this by looking at the small crowd of customers sharing the bar with her. Mostly men, wearing either suits or khakis and polo shirts. Most seem to be older, all seemed a little less bored now that she was sitting at the bar. 

As she finished her drink, and older man walked to the other end of the bar. After a moment's whispered conversation, the bartender walked over to her with a new drink and said "from the gentleman at the end of the bar."

She took the drink, raised it to the man, smiled and took a sip. She turned her body to face towards him and separated her knees just far enough to give him a good look. He grinned back, and came over to her, drink in hand.

"Hi, you looked lonely. Mind if I join you?"

She looked at him over her drink, took a sip and said "It depends what you have in mind."

"Well... I'm in town for a couple of days, and I'm looking for... some companionship."

"You realize that won't be free, right?"

"Uh sure, how much does that kind of... companionship cost?"

"It starts at $200, and goes up from there. Are you still interested?"

"Sure, do you want to discuss the details in a more private setting?"

"Certainly. After you."

Claire stood up from the bar and hooked the man's arm, heading for the elevator. As soon as the door closed, she turned towards him and began feeling his hardening cock through his khakis. "What did you have in mind?"

He shuddered, and whispered "I haven't had a woman swallow my cum in years..."

She pulled the zipper down and wrapped her fingers around his thickening shaft. "That can happen..." she said throatily, pulling gently on his cock.

"My wife doesn't understand me..." he started.

"I don't give a damn about your wife." She replied.

The elevator chimed, and he hastily zipped up his pants. The exited the elevator and he led her to his room. He fumbled with the key card and when the door unlocked, he waved her in.

She walked into the room, and stood expectantly waiting for him, a questioning look on her face.

"Oh! The money!" He said, fumbling for his wallet. He gave her the money, and she put it in her purse without looking at it. 

"What now?" she asked.

"Take off your dress. I want to see what I'm paying for."

She raised her arms and unhooked the clasp at her neck. The dress fell down her body in a cascade of black sequins, leaving her naked except for her high heels. 

He gasped, the growled "On your knees, Whore..." 

She felt herself get moist at his words, and slowly went to her knees in front of him. She reached out and undid his belt, opened his pants, and pulled them down to his ankles. He kicked off his shoes and the pants, and while she reached for his cock, pulled off his shirt. 

Claire cupped his scrotum in one hand, and let just the tip of her tongue touch the underside of his cock. She began gently licking his cock, and slowly wrapped her lips around its head. He attempted to thrust into her mouth, but she pulled back teasing.

"No, stick it in!" He said, grabbing her long hair in both hands, and pulling her mouth onto his cock. She felt the thick shaft force its way in, and almost choked as the head hit the back of her throat. Soon she got into the rhythm as he pumped into her mouth, faster and faster. She began massaging his testicles and he fucked her face, ribbons of saliva running down from her mouth.

In a matter of minutes, she could feel the jets of warm liquid hitting her throat, and she reflexively began swallowing. When he gave a final twitch and took his cock from her mouth, she looked up at him. He was panting, covered in sweat, and looking at her hungrily. She opened her mouth, showing him the white semen filling it, closed her lips, and visibly swallowed. 

He grinned, and patted her cheek. "That was amazing. You can go now."

She was a little taken aback. The entire encounter was less than ten minutes. "Are you sure?"

"Yeah. I'm done. You can go."

She went to the bathroom and took a moment to wash herself off. She did what she could with her hair, and fixed her makeup. As she pulled on her dress, her john said "I'm in town for a few days if you want another go..."

She smiled at him and said, "We'll see, I'm not sure how long I'm here."

She picked up her purse, and headed back to the bar.

She sat down at the end of the bar, and waved to the bartender. "Do you have change for a hundred?" She asked when he came over. He popped the cash register and came back, sliding two twenties and a ten over to her. 

"Thanks. What's your name?"

"Carl. What should I call you?"

"Candace, but you can call me Candy."

He smiled. "Of course I can."

"I think this is the start of a beautiful friendship." She said with a grin.

He laughed and went to serve a customer midway down the bar. Claire looked around the room, making eye contact with anyone who looked at her. Soon a middle-aged man approached her with a smile.

"How much for a fuck?" He said without preamble.

"Five hundred" she responded, just a bluntly. His rudeness annoyed her, if he was going to fuck her, it was going to cost him.

"Okay. Let's go."

She was a little surprised, but got up and followed him out. He didn't make any small talk as the rode the elevator to her floor. When they got him the room, he said "Over the chair, tits on the cushion, ass in the air."

"Do you want me to strip?"

"No, just do as I told you."

She complied, setting her elbows on the arm rests and kept her knees straight. She began to get excited by the compromising position, and felt her sex moisten in anticipation of what was to come. She looked over her shoulder trying to figure out what the john was doing when he said. "Eyes forward, slut."

She looked ahead, and felt cool air on her buttocks as he lifted the back of her skirt. He caressed her ass for a second, then gave a each buttock a sharp slap.

Claire yelped, and exclaimed "Hey! I didn't sign up for that!"

"I'll pay you extra, and I won't leave any marks. Now look ahead, whore!" 

He spanked her several more times, a little harder each time. She yelped with each smack, and soon felt a warm sting on her ass. His hand reached between her legs, and he roughly inserted two fingers into her wet hole. "You like it I see. I should have expected that from a slut selling herself to strangers." 

He tweaked her clitoris between his thumb and forefinger, bring an audible groan from her mouth. Soon she felt herself filled as he quickly thrust his cock into her. He moved it in and out several times, then spit on his thumb, and slowly inserted into her anus. With that done he increased the rhythm and began roughly fucking her, slamming her body against the back of the chair. 

He slowed down for a moment and said "How much for your asshole?"

Gasping from the rough sex, she panted "Another $200." Truth be told, this was the best fuck she'd had in ages, and she would have let him do it for free. He didn't know that though.

His cock came out of her pussy and he took his thumb from her rectum. Soon his cock was at her rear entrance and slowly forcing its way in. She felt some pain, but gradually relaxed to the point where the head popped past the sphincter. Slowly at first, but again with increasing tempo, he began fucking her in earnest.

He took his cock from her ass and smacked her lightly on one buttock. She yelped, and he said "Take off the dress."

She gingerly stood up and turned around, reaching for the clasp at her neck. He watched her, one hand pulling on his cock as she removed her dress.

"Sit in the chair, slut."

She turned and sat down.

"Lean forward, and jerk me off. I want it all over your face."

She began jerking off, as fast as she could, until she felt his balls tense. He grunted, and stringy jets of semen began hitting her face. She opened her mouth, and continued until he was finished. He grinned at her and went into the bathroom, returning a moment later wiping himself off with a washcloth.

He got his wallet and pulled out a wad of cash, counting out $800 dollars, and tossing it on the carpet in front of her. "There you go. Get dressed and get out."

"Can't I was up first?" 

"No, I have an early start in the morning. Get out."

She knelt down on the carpet and gathered the money, putting into her purse. With the john's semen drying on her face and hair, she slowly pulled on her dress. Her knees were weak, and she'd climaxed at least twice from his attentions. She cast her eyes down and shakily left the hotel room.

She couldn't just go back to the bar this way, and she wasn't quite done for the evening. She went back down to her room, and took off her dress. Turning on the light in the bathroom, she turned to see what her as looked like. It was a bit rosy, but not bruised at all, and what marks the were there would fade quickly. She leaned forward on the sink and looked at herself in the mirror. There was semen all over her face and hair, which was a mess. She smirked at the just fucked look and turned on the shower. 

Luckily he'd had her remove the dress, as it was the only one with her that would do. Next time she'd be better prepared. It was a little disheveled, but it would do.

She made herself up, and headed back to the bar, fifty dollars for Carl in her purse. Three more trips upstairs and she was feeling well and truly fucked. Carl was her new best friend, and she hadn't paid for a drink since the first one. 

The evening was starting to slow down, and she'd been sitting at the bar for forty five minutes. She was just about to call it a night when two men in their thirties sidled up along either side of her. "Hi!" said the first one.

"Hi back." She said with a somewhat tired smile.

"We've been watching you most of the evening. You are simply gorgeous my dear"

"Thank you so much, is there something I can do for you boys?"

"Well, we're wondering how much you'd ask to take on the two of us."

She was a little surprised, but quickly recovered. "A thousand should do it" she quickly answered.

The two men leaned around her and looked at each other. One nodded, the other grinned, and the said "sold!" in unison.

Claire got up from the barstool and walked over to where Carl was standing. She took a hundred dollar bill from her purse, and passed it to him. "This is the last one for me tonight, Carl. Thank you for a fabulous evening."

"My pleasure, Candy, any time you want to liven up the place, come on in."

She smiled, thanked him, and gestured to the two men waiting for her. 

The elevator door closed, and one of the johns said "Can I have your dress? I think it would look much better in my arms."

She giggled and said "Seriously?"

"Sure, why not? It not like it's a secret what you're up to tonight."

Claire shrugged and stepped out of the dress. She handed to the man and posed like a starlet. "Better?"

The men both looked at each other and vehemently agreed with her. One of the men pressed the button for the tenth floor, then looked at his friend and grinned. He quickly hit the button for every floor on the way up, much to her dismay. "Bastard!" said with a laugh.

"Hey! Just getting my money's worth from the entertainment!" he protested.

Four floors went by, with one of the men blocking her from pressing the door close button. On the fifth, the door opened and a young couple were standing there, looking surprised.

"Going up?" she said with a weak smile, resisting the urge to cover herself up with her hands. The pretty blond woman got over her surprise, and pulled her boyfriend into the elevator. An uncomfortable silence followed, as both of them tried to look at her without it being too obvious. Her two johns were beside themselves with laughter. 

Slightly irritated, she said "Oh just look, it's not like you haven't seen it already!"

The blond looked at her boyfriend, smiled, and reached a hand out, caressing Claire's nipple. It immediately became even harder, as the extremity of her situation excited her further. The blond's hand gently brushed down her ribcage, and she stepped in close as she cupped Claire's buttock. She leaned forward and whispered in Claire's ear. "That is so hot, I wish I had the guts to do it..."

Claire felt a finger brush between her labia, briefly touching her clitoris, and the elevator door chimed, breaking the spell. The girl kissed her neck, took her boyfriend's hand and said "Come on, I'm going to fuck you stupid!" The boyfriend looked back over his shoulder with a grin, and followed her out of the elevator.

The reached the top floor without further incident, and the two men led Claire to a hotel room. "Would you like a drink?

"Sure, some vodka if they have it."

He came back with her glass, and said "We have you at something of a disadvantage." He began disrobing, as did his friend. Claire found herself between two attractive older men, caressing her body. 

"Do you always double-team a girl?"

"Sure, we've been doing this since college." Said one.

"So we have years of practice!" said his friend.

Claire began stroking both men's cocks as she slowly got to her knees between them. She sucked one cock, then the other, until both men were hard. One of them leaned down and lifted her by the elbow, leading her to the bed, while his friend lay down on the mattress, his cock standing straight at attention. Claire crawled across the bed with one knee on the ground, and took him in her mouth. Behind her, she could feel a hand reach between her legs, caressing her sex, and changing her position.

She gasped and stopped sucking for a moment as she felt a cock slowly entering her vagina. Slow strokes of the large cock sent spasms of pleasure through her body. Soon she got into a rhythm and focused her attention on the man laying on the bed in front of her.

In a few moments, the man behind her withdrew, and with his hand pushing on her buttock, encouraged her to climb onto his friend. 

She lowered herself onto his cock, and his hands reached up to caress her tender nipples. She leaned forward and began licking his neck, while he stroked her back. Soon there was another weight on the bed and a hand rested on her ass. She looked over her shoulder and watched as the other man positioned himself behind her. She felt a pressure on her sphincter, and relaxed, allowing him to penetrate her. 

She had never felt so full, sandwiched between two men, as they filled her holes. She moaned with pleasure as the tempo increased, and soon was yelling with her climax. They didn't stop until she was quivering between them. She felt as both men withdrew their cocks, and one of them asked her to sit on the end of the bed.

They climbed off and stood to either side of her as she sat upright at the end of the bed. She furiously worked her clitoris as she alternated between both men's cocks, climaxing at the same time as she felt the splash of semen hitting her face. She turned to the other man, and stroked him until he came, adding to the mess covering her face and hair.

She saw a flash, and looked up to see the other man grinning over his cellphone. "That was a Kodak moment if ever there was one!"

Claire smiled and said "here's a better one" and put the still-hard cock in her mouth. 

"Do you want to get cleaned up?"

"Please!"

She went to the bathroom and took a quick shower, while both men stood watching her at the door. As she finished toweling off, one of the men said, "One last thing..."

She looked up, still drying her hair, and said "Yes?"

"I'll give you $200 for the dress."

"You've got a real thing about that dress." She said with a grin.

"I was serious, I hate to see you covered up."

The two men went to their wallets, and came back with a large amount of cash. She reluctantly gave him the dress, less for the money, than the trepidation of returning to her room naked. Of course, with all she'd done this evening, that was really pretty tame, so she let him have it.

She picked up her purse, walked over and kissed both men on the cheek. "Thanks for a wonderful finale to my evening."

"Believe us when we say it was as much our pleasure as yours."

Claire left the hotel room and walked to the elevators. She wasn't too worried as it was well past midnight. She got in the elevator and pressed the button for the second floor. The door closed, and with a sudden grin, she pressed all the floors between. 

--------

Claire stood at the receptionist desk, her hair up, wearing a flared gray skirt and a maroon silk blouse. She waited until the receptionist acknowledged her and said "Hi, my name is Claire Brown, I'm here for an appointment with Curt Daniels and Peter Johnson."

"One moment, I'll let them know you're here. Please have a seat."

Claire sat down, a little tender from her strenuous night and looked around expectantly. A few minutes later, a young woman walked out to her. "Claire? Would you follow me?"

The young woman led her to a conference room and said, "They're waiting for you inside, good luck."

She opened the door and went inside. Two men were sitting at one end of the room, both looking down at some papers. "Can you close the door please?"

She closed the door and turned back to face the two men. Immediately, she felt a jolt of adrenaline and her face flushed red. She'd sucked both cocks not eight hours before.

Curt looked up and laughed. He turned to punch his friend on the shoulder. John looked up and grinned. "I think we've found our winning candidate."

"One thing though." John said. "I'm going to need your panties to complete the pre-employment package."

She sagged in relief, hooked her thumbs around her panties, and pulled them to her ankles.

"Hmm, we've got the room for about a half hour, we should make it look good. I wonder how we could fill that time?"

Claire gave them both a grin and walked towards them.