 My name is Toni. I work as a temporary Personal Assistant for a law firm. I have worked for the firm for the past three months. Since I have worked for the company my boss, Geoff has expected a lot of staying back overtime from me. This time it was Friday afternoon when he asked if I could work back. 

Everybody had left for the weekend and the office was closed. I made my way into the conference room and joined my boss Geoff at the conference table. We had spent about an hour going through paperwork when Geoff got up and stood behind me. He placed his hands on my shoulders and started to softly massage. Before I knew it his hands slid down my blouse fondling my breasts. I could feel my panties starting to get wet and I started enjoying the moment. 

I moved off the chair and knelt on the floor. I removed my shirt and blouse and undid Geoff's slacks, revealing his good size cock. I started teasing it with my tongue before taking him deep in my mouth sucking him hard. 

I had worked his cock for around five minutes when Geoff pulled me up to my feet and laid me down on the table. He removed my skirt and panties dropping them to the floor. He spread my legs and ran his tongue slowly up my thigh, stopping at my wet pussy. I could not believe how turned on he was making me feel. He parted my pussy lips and his tongue teased every part of me. I tried to hold back as long as I could, but my body let go and I trembled as I came lying on the table. The feeling was amazing.

Geoff pulled me up off the table on to my feet. His cock was so erect and hard. He bent me over the table holding my hands tight behind my back. His cock pressed against my pussy and I felt every inch of his cock as it slid inside me. Every thrust felt so good. After a few minutes he pulled his cock out of my pussy and we made our way to the couch. He sat down and started stroking his cock while I sat on the coffee table in front on him. I spread my legs fingering and rubbing my pussy watching Geoff stroking while he watched me play. Watching him stroke his cock was such a turn on. I spread my legs wide showing my bald wet pussy while my fingers explored deep inside.

After a few minutes I sat up and knelt between Geoff's legs. Still stroking, I wrapped my mouth around his cock sucking him hard. He grabbed my hair pushing me down on his cock, working my head up and down over and over, fucking my mouth. He then pulled my head up giving me a chance to catch my breath before pushing my head down and his cock deep in my mouth. His cock tasted so good.

After fucking my mouth Geoff got up and had me kneel on the couch. He slid his cock deep inside my pussy from behind, pounding me hard. I could feel his balls slapping against my wet pussy. The feeling was amazing and I couldn't hold back. I gripped the couch and my body started to tremble. I felt my pussy coming hard while his cock pounded me. I could feel my pussy was dripping wet. 

Geoff sat back on the couch and I mounted his cock riding him hard. He slapped my arse firmly then groped my breasts pinching and sucking my nipples. My nipples were very sensitive and the sensation ran through my body over and over. 

I stood up removing Geoff's cock from my pussy. I turned around mounting him again backwards. His cock felt deeper inside of me in this position. He felt so hard and so deep. Geoff reached around grabbing my breasts pulling me back. Now lying on his chest he massaged my breasts while his cock slid in and out. I reached down and started rubbing my pussy. My heart started racing as my fingers touched his cock sliding inside me. I felt another gush of wetness between my legs. With his cock inside me, I slid a finger inside stretching my pussy. I didn't hold back letting out a loud moan. My body shook and trembled coming hard all over his cock. 

Geoff pushed me up off his cock and laid me on my stomach on the floor. He spread my legs and slid his hard cock inside my pussy from behind. His cock felt amazing in this position. I could feel the whole length of his cock pleasuring me deep inside. I slid my hand down between my legs and rubbed my pussy. It was making me so turned on feeling Geoff's balls against my hand as his cock penetrated me. With my fingers so wet I inserted two fingers joining Geoff's cock inside me. With my pussy full the feeling was amazing. I kept thinking about his cock in my mouth and how good it tasted. I didn't want this amazing feeling to end but I couldn't wait to taste his cum in my mouth. I pressed my fingers in deeper and harder and I could feel my pussy ready to cum. With Geoff on top of me pinning me down all I could do was let his cock pound my pussy while I came all over it. While I came I pulled my fingers out of my pussy and rubbed Geoff's balls which made him thrust harder and deeper. It was one of the longest and most intense orgasms I have ever experienced.

Geoff got up and sat back on the couch. While I lay on the floor he asked if he could take a few pictures of me. He promised they were only for his private collection. I was very unsure but I was so lost in the moment I agreed. He got up and picked up his phone off the table then sat back down on the couch while I rolled over on my back. I spread my legs and started to finger my wet pussy in clear view of the camera. I could hear Geoff's camera clicking away. He asked me to bend over the table and spread my arse apart. I got up and positioned myself. After a few clicks of the camera I slid my hand down rubbing the wetness all over my pussy. Then I moved over to the couch where Geoff was sitting and stood over him while his camera had a good close up of my pussy. 

I posed for the camera for about 10 minutes. Watching Geoff stroking his cock between shots was such a turn on and I was ready to cum again. This time I wanted him to watch. I sat on the coffee table in front of the couch and laid back. I spread my legs and with one hand inserted two fingers and with the other hand rubbed my pussy. I looked at Geoff stroking his cock watching me about to cum. I inserted another finger and rubbed my pussy harder as I felt my body tense and shake. I came hard and could feel the juices of my pussy all over my fingers. I Looked at Geoff who I could tell enjoyed watching every minute. 

I sat up and knelt between Geoff's legs. I took his cock in my hand and started stroking. I wrapped my lips around his cock sliding him deep in my mouth. Geoff grabbed my hair pulling my head up and down his cock. I could feel he was getting close to Cumming. He grabbed his cock and started stroking. He grabbed my head holding my mouth close to his cock ready to catch his cum. I looked up and could see he was getting close. He started breathing heavy as I opened my mouth ready. All of a sudden Geoff let out a loud moan as my mouth caught his cum as he exploded. I slid his cock in my mouth taking every drop and sucking him clean until his body relaxed. 

I collapsed on the floor exhausted. After a few minutes we both got up dressed and left the office. I worked for Geoff for about 3 more months and we caught up twice more after that night.