 Author's note: This is a simple story of a man working late at the office. His wife stops by and interrupts his work...in a very good way. There is no cheating, no abuse, just two married people who love each other and love sex.

This is my first story so any constructive criticism is welcomed. 



He was working late at the office one evening, trying to get through the endless mound of paperwork on his desk. He was finding it hard to concentrate as his thoughts kept coming back to his wife waiting at home. After over 20 years of marriage, his love for her continued to grow. His desire for her grew too and that was what was distracting him tonight. He kept thinking about her beautiful breasts and soft warm pussy. He longed to lick her nipples and watch them grow hard. Reluctantly he brought his thoughts back to the work in front of him.

The phone rang and looking up saw that it was the private line so he answered it. It was his wife. "How's it going, Hon?" she asked. 

"OK," he said, "but it's going to be awhile before I'm home." 

"That's OK," she said, "I was thinking about going into town for a few things. If you're still there when I'm finished I'll stop by the office." 

"Sounds great," he said, "Be careful and I'll see you later." 

"Bye," she said, "I love you!" 

"Love you too!" He again tried to keep his mind on his work but still found it difficult. Just the thought of his wife's body began to excite him and he longed to touch her. "Keep your mind on your work," he told himself. 

About an hour later, he heard the outside door to the office open as his wife used her key to get in. "Hi babe!" he yelled to her through his open door. 

"Hi Hon!" she replied, "I need to stop at the restroom and then I'll be there." 

"OK," he said and returned to his work. It seemed like a long time before he finally heard the restroom door open. He looked up from his work and waited for her to come into his office. When she did, he noticed that she still had her coat on which seemed strange considering she had just come from the restroom. 

"Hi Sweetie!" she said, "how's work going?" 

"OK," he replied, "How was shopping?" 

"Great!" she said, "What to see what I got?" 

"Sure," he said, expecting her to open the shopping bag she was carrying. Instead she opened her coat and said, "What do you think?" 

He looked up in shock as he saw she was wearing just a bra and panties and neither of them were covering very much! 

"Well, do you like them?" she asked with a sly smile on her face. 

"I love them!" he said quickly, "And I love what's in them too!" 

"Would you like to see them a little closer?" she asked. 

His reply was barely audible as he said, "Much closer!"

She took her coat off and slowly walked around his desk to where he was sitting. She pushed him back away from the desk and sat on the desk in front of him. "Is this close enough?" she asked. 

"Mmm," he replied as he began to move his hands over her body. He could feel the sheer fabric of her panties with his hands and see the outline of her pubic hair leading to just a hint of her pussy lips through the sheerness of the fabric. The bra was just as sheer and he could see her stiffening nipples through it. As he opened his mouth and gently licked her nipples through the fabric, they became even harder. She held his face with her hands as he devoted his full attention to her breasts, licking and sucking them. 

After a while he turned his attention elsewhere as his hand moved down to rub her pussy through the panties and his lips moved to her mouth to kiss her deeply. As their tongues met through their open mouths, he felt a wetness seep through her panties onto his hand. Wanting to taste the wetness, he moved his mouth down to her pussy and licked it through the sheer fabric. She began to moan as his tongue brushed her clit. He continued to lick her pussy and pushed the fabric into her cunt with his tongue while running his hands over her ass. She continued to moan as he used his tongue to play with her clit, flicking lightly, knowing she liked it that way. She began to squirm and her breath was getting heavier until finally she cried, "Stop, I'll cum!" and pulled his head away from her pussy. He kept his head down near her pussy, looking at its beauty as she caught her breath. 

"Let's change places," she said. He stood up from the chair and as she sat down on it, he started to sit on the desk. "Not so fast," she said, "You're overdressed!" She unbuckled his belt, unzipped his pants and slid them down to the floor, stopping briefly to give a little attention to the bulge in his briefs. He stepped out of his pants and she said, "Now, let's see what that big bulge is." She removed his briefs, keeping her face just inches from his stiff cock. She slowly massaged his cock and balls with her hands and said, "Now you can sit down." 

When he sat down, his cock was just about even with her face and she said, "Now isn't this convenient?" Still holding his balls, she placed her mouth on his cock and slowly licked the head. She teased him like that for a while, licking up and down his shaft and paying special attention to the tip while occasionally licking his balls. Suddenly she covered his cock with her mouth and seemed to swallow it whole. She created pressure on his cock with her tongue and cheeks and then pumped up and down on his cock, occasionally looking up at him to see if he was enjoying it. He most certainly was! Just when he thought he couldn't take it anymore without exploding, she stopped and with a twinkle in her eye said, "I bet I know what you would like." As she said that, she reached around behind her and slowly unclasped her bra, releasing her beautiful, full breasts from their confinement. She gently massaged her breasts with her hands for a moment playing with her nipples and squeezing her tits together. Then she stood up just enough so that her breasts were at his tongue level and said, "Would you get these really wet for me?" 

He began licking her breasts all over and as he did, he began to realize what she had in mind. He continued licking, paying special attention to the valley between her breasts. Soon her breasts were totally wet. She smiled and thanked him and then lowered her tits back to where is cock was waiting, still very hard from her earlier attention to it. She surrounded his cock with her breasts and pushed them together to make a tight fit. She then began to slide them up and down on his cock, fucking him with her soft flesh. She kept eye contact with him while tit fucking him to see if it was having the desired effect. She occasionally stopped to wet his cock down with her mouth and then continued until she knew he was close to losing it. He would have been content to cum right then and there, shooting all over her tits but she wasn't finished with him yet so she stopped and said, "Why don't you work on getting me a little wetter so we can put this where it belongs?" 

He eagerly agreed and got down off the desk and pushed her chair back so he could get on his knees to pay more attention to her pussy. He started to remove her panties and as he did, she said, "I might get your chair wet, do you want to put something under me?" 

"No," he said, "I like the thought of your naked pussy on my chair with its juices flowing, getting the fabric wet." He removed her panties and began to lick her already wet pussy, gently at first, with little flicks of his tongue around her clit. After a while, he moved down a little and began to push his tongue between her pussy lips, first gently and then with more force. Soon he was fucking her with his tongue, pushing it in and out of her cunt while cupping her ass cheeks with his hands. He continued tongue fucking her cunt, occasionally stopping to again gently lick her clit. He moved one hand up to her right breast and began to gently massage the nipple, teasing and pulling it just a little. He moved the other hand to her pussy replacing his tongue. He moved his tongue up to her tits, licking and sucking each nipple. He continued to finger fuck her, first with one, then two fingers. His tongue occasionally left her tits to find its way to her mouth and her waiting tongue and they kissed deeply. He continued with his fingers below and his mouth on her nipples for a while and then stopped and asked, "Want to help me out a little?" 

She smiled and moved one hand to her pussy and began to rub her clit while he continued to finger fuck her. Using her other hand, she lifted her breast and stuck her tongue out to meet the tongue already at her nipple. Their tongues touched and together teased her nipple and each other. She then moved her mouth over her nipple and began to suck it. He moved over to her other breast and sucked the nipple there, enjoying watching her as she sucked her own nipple. He continued to move his hands in and out of her pussy, feeling it become more slippery as her cunt juices flowed. He finally stopped and asked, "Is your pussy wet enough yet?" 

"Yes!" she cried.

"I don't know," he said, "Maybe we should check." He had her get up on the desk and spread her legs wide. He stood back and looked at the beauty of her body for a moment and then said, "Stick your finger in your pussy to see how wet it is." She put her finger deeply into her cunt. 

After moving it in and out awhile, she removed it and held it up to his face and asked, "Is this wet enough for you?" She put her finger in his mouth and he tasted it and said, "I think so, but maybe you should check it too." 

She again put her finger in her pussy and this time when she removed it she put it in her own mouth, her eyes on him as he watched her lick it clean. They both agreed that she was definitely wet enough. He pulled her to the edge of the desk and put his cock up to her wet pussy opening her pussy lips with its head. Holding his cock in his hand, he rubbed it over her pussy, alternating between her clit and the wetness of her cunt. He continued teasing her clit with his cock for a while, enjoying the look on her face as she abandoned herself to the feelings of pleasure. He again moved his cock to the wetness of her cunt and then suddenly plunged it into her waiting pussy. 

She gasped and he was afraid he had hurt her but he soon found it was a gasp of pleasure. "Fuck me!" she said, her words echoing through the quietness of the building. He began pumping his cock into her cunt, fucking her wet pussy and enjoying its tightness around his stiff rod. They were both so excited by the foreplay and the thought of fucking in his office they knew neither would last long before cumming. "Fuck me harder!" she cried as she began to move her body to the rhythm of his strokes. He fucked her harder and harder, occasionally leaning forward to suck on her tits or kiss her mouth. Finally, she said, "I'm cumming!" and her body began to shudder. He fucked her harder until he too was cumming, filling her pussy with his juices. 

She let out one final gasp and lay back on the desk, exhausted. He slowly removed his cock from her dripping pussy and sat down in the chair, exhausted too. Finally, she sat up, and gave him a big kiss and a wink and said, "Sorry I interrupted your work!" 

"I guess it's OK, but don't let it happen more than once or twice a week", he laughed. 

She laughed too and said, "In your dreams!" She reached over to get her bra and panties and used them to wipe her pussy and said, "Well, I guess I won't be wearing these home." She got up and he expected her to go to the restroom to put her clothes on. Instead, she put on her coat with nothing on underneath, again winked at him and said, "Hurry home, I'll be waiting for you!" Then she picked up the shopping bag and walked out the door.