 Whether it was because some members of our team had finally finished their parts or because they just couldn't stay any later, we soon found ourselves alone in the conference room. It wasn't unusual. You knew I was a night owl and had actually started habitually drinking coffee in the late afternoons to be able to keep pace with me. We had a deadline and you knew I would stay as late as necessary to finish the job.

You looked down the hall and watched as Michael stepped into the main elevator. You knew he was the last one to leave and that we were really all alone in the office now. I didn't seem to notice as I was rearranging a few of the final layout pieces on the large table but you knew I was always aware of who was around and what they were paying attention to in a room, especially if that something was me.

I stood back, looking it all over, and then stretched far across the shiny dark wood table swapping two of the tags. From across the table you could see straight down my fitted button up white shirt to my cleavage popping out of my white lace bra. Being on the petite side means having to lean farther than some would need to but you are really enjoying the view so you don't rush over to give me a hand just yet.

I moved around to the your side of the table and leaned over, up on one leg and across to another section of the presentation. From where you were standing in the doorway you had a perfect view of the bottom of my black skirt lifting higher with each of my stretches. You could almost see the white lace panties peeking out. Was I playing with you?

I was going back and forth from tiptoes and you were beginning to really like watching my leg muscles flex as I bounced up to reach a far spot across the table. I turned to you, noticing the growing bulge in your pants and, smiling with a raised eyebrow, said "hey, snap out of it! I need a hand over here."

"Don't you always?" You love flirting with me when everyone's gone for the day because you know I'll flirt right back. We've played this game many times before. Sometimes you eventually get shot down but there are times when you know that a few touches here or there and the right smile are all you need to get me naked. There's something about big projects and tight deadlines that always seems to make me frisky and you are more than willing to stay late to be available to me. 

Of course, there's also the problem of needing to finish the work before I'm ready to play so you help move the final few items that I point out and then sit back in one of the chairs that was pulled away from the table. You love being able to sit there watching me circle the table coming to a stop between your chair and the project that all comes together mere hours from now. Even though I'm faced away from you, you can still tell by my deep breath being slowly released that I'm done. 

"What do you think?" I ask looking back over my shoulder at you. You slowly scan down my body with your eyes, taking your own deep breath and release it with a "perfect." "I meant the work..." 

You stand up, mumbling "mmm-hmm, I know..." as you move up behind me and put one hand on my hip, using the other to move my hair away from the back of my neck, you exhale as you kiss just below my hairline and pull me against you. "You know it's good. Stop teasing me. I know you are done..."

You slide the hand on my hip around to pull me against you again as your other hand goes over my shoulder and into my shirt, searching for my hard nipples. You know because you felt my intake of breath when you started kissing my neck. You also know my panties are probably soaked too and you can't wait to feel how wet I get. Your hand moves from my hip down and you pull my skirt up enough to slide your fingers up to my panties, sliding against them and pushing them aside to slip between my wet pussy lips. 

Your cock is rock hard in your pants, rubbing against my back and you let go of me enough to pull my panties down my legs before you move back up against me, sliding your hand down my body to slide up my short skirt again and this time pushing between and then against my slippery clit, down and then into my pussy. I am just as wet as you were hoping and yet, you can still feel how tight I am on your finger as you slide it out and then back deeper. My hands are balancing me against the table and you pinch my nipples with your other hand as you finger me for several minutes. I'm dripping all over your two fingers now as they squeeze and slide against my clit and then push into me.

You can't wait any longer and you let go of my DD tits long enough to use that one hand to unzip your pants and pull them down to free your pulsing cock. You push my skirt farther up and then use both hands to rub my hips and ass and then my wet pussy again. I push back against you knowing how you'll fill me up any second with your big hard cock.

You move my legs farther apart and slide the head of your penis between my legs, letting it miss my pussy and using my wetness to rub up to my clit and back and forth between my pussy lips. I tighten my legs against you, pushing down and back against it. Finally after teasing my clit with your tip you lean me over more and push into me. I push back hard against you and you can feel my pussy clenching at you as you slide up into me. I take my shirt and bra off as you throb into me.

Lifting my hips to pound back against you with each thrust of your cock, you push deeper into my wet pussy, grinding your shaft against me as you slide in and out again. You reach down and wrap one arm around my hips and grab my tit with the other hand, pinching my nipple. Pulling my body back against you again and again as you thrust your cock faster feeling my tight cunt throb on your hard dick. Your pinching my nipple and squeezing and thrusting deep into my pussy so hard now that I'm... getting sooo close to cumming... ooohhh... yes, you can feel my pussy tighten and I begin to push back against you with every thrust. 

Your cock is throbbing and twitching with the coming orgasm. "Oh yes," I say... "please don't stop! Ooohhh I'm so close. Fuck me! Hard! Ooooh yes!" You feel it building deep in your balls and tightening your shaft, pushing up the tip as you slip against the inside of my dripping wet pussy. The next deep thrust sends us both over the edge and you fill my pussy with your hot cum as I... cum... sooo hard... on your shaft. "Ooohhh yes oooooooh." 

When you finish pulling yourself together you look up at me and see me just pulling my shirt together over my tits. My nipples are still hard and poking through the fabric as I didn't put my bra back on. As I button the shirt up you notice how much the bra was holding me in. Without it my tits look like they're going to break buttons off any minute. 

You feel your cock twinge a bit as you look at my hard nipples realizing you didn't suck on them.

"We really should go, you know," I say as I'm already walking out and you grab your bag and follow me to the elevator. You notice that my panties are still on the floor under the table and you pick them up catching up to me at the elevator. You smile/leer at my cleavage and say "you might need these." "Nope, you keep 'em. I'm fine." 

You can't help but be turned on again and you step on and immediately back me up against the wall and slide your hand up the inside of my leg as your mouth sucks on my nipple through my shirt. You knee my legs apart and rub on my pussy lips down to my hole and them back to my clit, slipping along the inner edges as you bite at my nipple. 

You push your finger into me, fingering my clit with your thumb as you push into my wet pussy and squeezing my pussy lips begin to finger fuck my pulsing cunt. Your cock is straining against your pants as you rub against my leg and I can feel how hard your shaft is. I yank your pants back from your tip and you push it up into me as soon as it's free of the pants. 

I'm off the ground and you are fucking me fast and hard as the elevator goes down floor by floor. I'm so wet but you know neither one of us will cum before we get to the parking garage level. You reluctantly slide your cock out as the elevator door opens pulling your coat closed over your bulging cock. You pull me along beside you and we get into your car.