 "I am never going to finish grading all these papers," Mark muttered to himself. He pushed himself away from the desk and leaned back with his hands behind his head allowing himself a moment to drift off in thought. He couldn't help thinking of his aide. He didn't like calling her that but that is what the office called her. Technically, she was support staff but that didn't sound any better. He preferred referring to her as a friend. He thought that the other somehow "labels" put her beneath him. 

Now there was a thought that he wouldn't mind. There was no doubt that he was attracted to her. Although she was older than him, it was hard to tell. She was tall and curvy. She claimed that she did not work out but he couldn't tell. Her short hair often hid half of her gorgeous face and her smile could light up a room. Even the way she carried herself said something about her; she was proper and professional. She was an elegant lady. But there was more. As a mother of three and a successful teacher, she demonstrated that she knew how to deal with children; which is a turn-on with single fathers. And as football season reached its half-life, he discovered her passion for sports. Yes, he was attracted to her as an entire person. 

They had kissed once before but it was nothing major. They had been dancing at a club and of course had both been drinking. Before he knew it, there was a sudden quick kiss. It happened so quickly he couldn't figure out who initiated it. Neither had talked about it since so he didn't think much about it; except that he wanted an opportunity to see what a kiss with her was really like. 

A light tap at the door startled him out of his thoughts. He stood up, stretched, and walked to the door. It was probably the janitors. They were used to him staying so late after everyone else that they often waited to do his room last. Glancing at his watch, he noticed that it was only five-o-clock and that he still had a good hour before anyone made their rounds. Maybe they wanna get out early. Can't blame 'em. Everyone else went home early to get things ready for tomorrow.

He opened the door with an apology on his tongue for staying so late but had to swallow it when he saw Elizabeth standing there. 

"What are you doing here?" he asked. "I figured you would be busy at home by now."

"Well I was. But then I realized that I had forgotten something that I really needed for the break so I came back. I know how late you stay so I figured you would still be here," she responded. 

"You were right. I am here. Trying to get these papers graded," he said as he moved back into the room and closed the door behind her. "I hate going into a break with things to do."

"I know what you mean. That's exactly why I needed to come back," she said. The way she stressed the word 'needed' caught his attention. They made an agreement when they first started working that he would take care of the student work if she would focus on the office work. As far as he knew, that was all taken care of. What else did she need to do before the break?

He returned to his seat and began sorting through the tests trying to get himself focused once again. He could hear her rummaging around behind him but paid no attention. He had been caught plenty of times looking when he shouldn't have been and he was trying to get that under control. He was about to get started when he noticed that it had grown quiet in the room. Thinking that she may have stepped out without saying anything, he turned around. He couldn't believe what he saw.

She hadn't left the room as he originally thought. Instead, she was sitting on the reading couch in the far corner of the room. But what caught his attention was what she was wearing. When she first came in through the door, she was bundled up from head to toe. It was freezing outside so it was to be expected. But now she was sitting comfortably in a pair of black lace boy shorts, a matching bra, and a silk robe that was failing to cover her. In addition to her enticing outfit, she wore a naughty look on her face. 

Hesitantly, he stood up and walked over to her, thoughts scrambling though his head. Is this really happening? Has she gone crazy? Is this a trap? Where should I start? He stopped a few feet away and continued to take it all in. She was more beautiful than he thought. Up until he now, he only imagined what was under those clothes. 

"So are you just going to stand there?" she questioned staring at him intently. 

"Are you sure you want to do this?" he responded. "Are you sure this is where you want to do this?"

"I'm here aren't I?" came a quick reply. Something was different about her. Her calm, quiet demeanor had been replaced with something stronger, something more straight-forward. There was an edge to her voice. It both excited him and scared him. He wondered what could have caused this change. "Come here," she growled.

He stepped forward as she moved to the end of the couch. She didn't take her eyes off him as she quickly undid his belt and slid down his pants. By now, all this excitement and taken full effect and she smiled as she ran her hand along the cotton covering him. She slid down his boxer briefs and his member sprang out happy to finally be free. 

Now she moved her eyes down his body to his rigid cock. It was dark, thick, and long. A drop of pre-cum glistened at the tip and she licked it off tasting its saltiness and eliciting a low groan from Mark. Teasingly, she began licking his head, twirling her tongue around it. She continued by licking his shaft, running her tongue up and down the entire length playing with his head each time she came to the top. Her saliva soaked his cock making it slick as she stroked it. She could feel him begin pushing forward so she opened her mouth and took him as deep as she could. A moan showed his approval. As she continued sucking as he removed his shirt. She ran her hand up over his stomach and chest and back down to his hips. Removing him from her mouth, she began to explore planting kisses and licking everywhere she could. 

Mark dropped to his knees and met her with a kiss. This time it was a deep passionate kiss, their tongues dancing around one another. He pulled back and pushed her back on the couch. He kissed her down her neck and worked his way down to her breasts. Unclasping her bra, he removed it and began sucking on her nipples, hardening them. He continued kissing her as he worked over her stomach and paused to focus on her hips. He could already smell her intoxicating scent. He moved over her mound and pressed his nose against the fabric. He could feel her wetness and took in her erotic scent. He slid off her panties and moved back into place. He ran his tongue along her slit getting his first taste. Delicious! He wanted to pay her back for her teasing so he continue to slid his tongue up and down barely within the folds of her lips. He could feel her pressing her hips forward, begging him to probe deeper but he continued building her tension. He began to flick his tongue across her clit causing her things to spasm each time. Finally, he buried his face into her wet pussy probing his tongue deep inside of her. He let his tongue run wild dancing inside of her, flicking and sucking her clit, and occasionally dipping down to her ass. He could hear her guttural moans as he worked and felt her hand on the back of his head. He knew she was close and continued pleasuring her with his tongue. Her moans became screams as she started to cum on his face. Satisfied he stood up, his face glistening with her wetness.

"I want to ride you," she said breathlessly. "Sit down."

Mark sat down and she straddled him. Grasping his cock in her hand she positioned herself over it and lowered herself feeling his girth stretch her walls. Though he could he fell her opening to accommodate him, he slid into her slippery canal easily. She continued to lower herself until he was deep inside her. Then she began rocking her hips feeling him slide in and out. He ran his hand along her thighs and back as she continued to work his cock in and out of her pussy. He began sucking on her hard nipples and he could hear her moan with pleasure. She picked up the pace and was now pounding his cock, sliding up and down its entire length letting it plunge into her each time. With her head back and screams filling the room, she rode through another orgasm, he pussy pulsating along his cock. He wanted to fill her with his semen but didn't want this to be over yet. 

She climbed off and he bent her over the couch, her ass up in the air. It was a beautiful site. He couldn't resist running his tongue along her dripping snatch and probing her puckered ass hole. He stood up, positioned himself, and plunged his cock deep inside her pussy. He slid his cock almost entirely out and plunged in again and again. He continued this slow procession until she begged him to fuck her. Smiling, he planted his hands on her hips and began pounding her feverishly. Curiously, he slid a finger in her ass so he could feel himself sliding in and out and she moaned even louder. He continued to pound her as his finger probed her tight ass. She clenched her eyes and grasped for something to hold as her body began quivering through yet another orgasm flooding his cock with her juices. 

Wobbly, she stood up and he laid her down on one of the desks. Raising her legs, he slid his still hard cock back inside of her. Again, he pounded her, his balls slapping against her ass. He watched as she let her head fall back and she cupped her breasts in her hands, squeezing her nipples between her fingers. He couldn't imagine this was happening; it was like a dream from which he didn't want to wake. He continued sliding himself in and out and began to feel his tension build. He picked up his pace and she began moaning again. Her pussy gripped him as she came again coaxing out his cum.

"I'm about to cum," he said. 

"Please don't cum in me," she responded. "I want to taste it. I want your cum in my mouth."

As he slid out, she clambered off the desk and dropped to her knees taking him into her mouth once again. She could taste her wetness on his cock. It didn't take long as she stroked his cock before she could feel the warm sperm shoot into the back of her throat and fill up her mouth. Satisfied she let him shoot the rest of his load over her face, neck, and tits. 

Exhausted, Mark fell to the couch and sat down next to him. She put her head on his shoulder and ran her hand along his chest and stomach. He looked down at her and the person he once knew seemed to return. Smiling up at him she pulled his head close and kissed him again. 

"You have no idea how long I wanted to do that," she said.

"Maybe I do," he said smiling back. "Cuz it has crossed my mind plenty of times."

They cleaned up, redressed, and he walked her to the door. 

"So did you get what you needed?" he asked. 

"That and more," she smiled holding up her phone. "I left this here."