 The building is quiet as I walk towards your office. It's the week before Christmas and most people have finished for the holidays already. I pass someone on their way out for lunch and start to worry that there will be more people around than I thought. My fears are allayed when I open the door to your office to find you sitting alone at your desk, the other desks in the room left empty. 

You look up as you hear the click of the lock and see me smiling seductively at you. I'm wearing a red leopard print pencil skirt and a black blouse which strains over my breasts. You come around your desk and make a show of appraising me from head to toe, noting my black high heels and fishnets. The bulge already starting to appear in your trousers shows you approve. 

I walk towards you, smiling as I notice you trying (and failing) not to stare at my cleavage. My hand goes straight to the bulge in your trousers as you pull me close for a kiss. My hand gropes for your waistband and plunges inside, I feel you grow longer and stiffer in my hand as you kiss me deeper. 

Your deft fingers go straight to my breasts, teasing my nipples through the cloth of my shirt. My hand moves quicker on your cock in response and you know you want to suck on my hardening teats. Pushing me back against your desk, you rip my shirt open, buttons flying, thrusting your dick into my hand. Your mouth moves to my neck, kissing, licking and finally biting into my flesh as you unhook my red bra and toss it onto the floor. 

As soon as they are free, you bend to suck my ample breasts into your mouth, twirling your tongue around one sensitive nipple while clamping the other between your thumb and forefinger. I gasp as you switch nipples, the blood rushing back to the clamped one increasing the sensations of your lips and tongue. I moan in pleasure as you finally reach under my skirt to insert one finger into me, curling it round to touch my g-spot.

Suddenly, you pull away from me. You hold out your dripping finger, making me suck my own juices off it.

"Turn around." You almost growl. I obey, and then I feel your strong hand on my back, forcing me over your desk. My nipples tingle as they press into the cool, smooth surface, sent a jolt of pleasure to my pussy. I feel your hard cock pressing against my ass as you lean over to nuzzle my neck. "Don't move," you whisper in my ear. 

I hear you walk around the desk and open a drawer. Then you're kneeling in front of me, kissing me again while you take both my hands in yours and bind them together. You pull my bound hands over the edge of the desk and use a tie to attach them to something underneath. I can't move. I'm completely at your mercy and my pussy is dripping as a result. 

You smile and kiss me once more before moving back round behind me. Your hands stroke up my legs until they get to the bottom of my skirt. I know where I want you to go but you're going to tease me first. You slowly lift my skirt, caressing the inside of my thighs on the way, stopping exactly where I don't want you to. Your hands go to the waistband of my skirt and you pull it down to my ankles, revealing my bare ass and suspender belt. 

You pause for a moment to admire the view; high heels, fish net stockings, my dripping pussy just visible under my firm, rounded buttocks. Then I hear the sound of your zip as you free your throbbing cock. I strain against my bonds to turn and see you but I'm tied too tightly to get a good view. You chuckle as you see the obvious frustration cross my face and lean in close to me. Your dick is nestled between my legs as you press your chest into my back to nibble my ear. 

"Do you want me to fuck you?" you growl.

"Yes!" I gasp as you start slowly moving your cock, catching my clit at the top of each stroke.

"Say please," your voice is soft and seductive in my ear as your hands work their way under my body to cup my breasts. I can only moan as you start to squeeze and flick my nipples.

"Please," I manage, catching my breath as your cock rubs over my aching clit again. Your mouth goes back to my neck, nibbling gently as one hand slides down my stomach towards my hot, wet centre.Your cock is replaced by your finger, slowly circling around my clit, dipping into my tight pussy before circling again. 

You're teasing me, keeping the rhythm too slow and the pressure too light to let me get too close, holding me in a constant state of arousal. I start to circle my hips, trying to fuck myself on your finger, and cry out as you slap my ass, hard. 

"Naughty girl," you growl. "I'll decide how fast we go."

My ass is stinging but the mixture of the pain and your finger still on my pussy is getting me even hotter. As you slowly insert two fingers into my pussy, I feel your warm breath on my clit. You start lapping up my juices with long, slow strokes of your tongue, matching the pace with thrusts of your fingers. My moans grow louder as your pace quickens, your tongue attaching my clit and your fingers fucking my pussy. Faster and harder until my muscles start to tense. I'm on the very edge, preparing to throw myself into orgasmic oblivion when, suddenly, you stop.

"No!" I can't help yelling. 

"Yes," you reply, smacking your hand into my ass again. But then I feel the head of your long, hard cock pressing against my opening. You slowly slide it into me, inch by inch, filling me completely. 

"Please." I say again. I want you to fuck me hard and fast. I want you to make me come with your cock inside me and I want you to do it soon. You chuckle as you slide out of me again, just as slowly as you went in. Two long, slow strokes later, I'm begging you to fuck me. My entire body is hyper sensitive. Every touch sends another jolt to my already aching pussy. When your finger brushes over my clit, my whole body tenses. You finally slam your cock into me as my muscles convulse around it. Your finger is flicking back and forth over my clit as you build up speed with your cock. I'm in ecstasy as you fuck me faster and faster. I cry out as I come and my pussy convulses around you. Your hips gradually come to a stop and you slowly pull out of me as I struggle to get my breath back.

My face is flushed and I'm breathing heavily as you come around the desk to sit in your leather office chair. You wheel it over to me, positioning your stiff, dripping cock below my mouth. You pull on the ties binding my hands, forcing my head down towards it. Slowly, I start to lick my come off your throbbing cock. My tongue circles the tip, lapping up my own juices. I take the head of your cock in my mouth, flicking across the tip and shaft quickly with my tongue as my head bobs up and down as slowly as I can. You moan with pleasure as I start to take you deeper and deeper, still going slow with my lips and fast with my tongue. With every stroke I take more of you into my mouth until I can take the full length of you.

You lift your hips towards me as I start to go faster, bobbing up and down on your long, hard dick with fast, shallow strokes. Until you've had enough. You stand up out of the chair and grab my hair, fucking my mouth as you fucked my pussy. Still tied down, I'm helpless to resist as your cock thrusts in and out of my mouth, deeper and deeper. 

I look up and see the pleasure written on your face as I start stimulating your thrusting cock with my tongue. You moan and up the pace and I know you're close. You grit your teeth when, with one final thrust, you release your seed into my mouth. I swallow your come as you collapse back into the chair.

You sit motionless, watching me, for what feels like a long time before you come to me for one last kiss.