 She'd noticed him at work before. Different floor, different department but passing through on and off. She watched him again from her desk. He looked a little angry as he discussed something with Rob, her manager. He gestured again at a file in front of him and Rob shrugged helplessly and then pointed in her direction. What the heck? He turned and looked straight at her and stalked over. As he got nearer she could see he was far hotter than she had given him credit for. Unkempt dark hair, a crisp white shirt pulling tightly across one hell of a pair of shoulders, a gold Paisley tie and...

"Did you do this?"

He was right in front of her with that blasted file. She looked down at a weeks worth of spreadsheet data, the results of some analytical research figures she had input.

"Yes, that's mine." she said. "Is there a problem?" 

"Of course there's a fucking problem." he started saying and then caught himself as she looked at him disapprovingly, with one eyebrow raised.

Rob hastily intervened.

"The results are skewed, Aveline. It just doesn't make sense and Matt here wants some answers. Could you have made a mistake?"

She pulled herself up to her full 5'2" and looked them both in the eye.

"Absolutely not." 

"Well someone has massively cocked up and I want to know why?" Matt said, keeping eye contact just a little too long.

He had a clipped, middle class accent and an arrogant air that emboldened Aveline.

"Well let's go through it and when I'm right you can apologise."

Matt looked taken aback. 

"Fine, let's do this."

They had both been sat in front of the screen now for 2 hours, pouring over each line of input. So far nothing had been wrong. Matt sat back on his chair and stretched. 

"This is hopeless." he groaned "I hadn't counted on spending the evening doing this crap!"

It was after 7pm and the rest of the office had gone home. The cleaner was just finishing up by the water cooler and soon she would be out of there too. Aveline looked at the tense, grumpy guy next to her and had an idea.

"How about a drink? The wine from the raffle is out in the stock cupboard and I can rustle up some paper cups."

Matt looked at her appraisingly. 

"Nice call." He said. "I'll get it"

Whilst he was gone Aveline grabbed her bag. She rummaged around and found some lip gloss. Dabbing it on she gave herself a quick spritz of perfume she'd found at the bottom. Wait...what the heck? This wasn't some romantic date, this was work with Mr Grumpy and a paper cup of cheap wine. She wafted the air to try and get rid of the perfume smell but too late, he was coming back. He sat back down and looked curiously at her.

"You ok?" he asked "You look a bit flustered."

"Fine." muttered Aveline embarrassed at being caught out "Shall we get on?"

Matt looked at her again, a slight smile playing on his lips. He opened the bottle and poured them both a cup. 

"House white!" he smirked "Would the lady like to try it first?"

Aveline giggled.

"No, it's fine, just fill it up."

The next hour was almost pleasant as they merrily worked their way through the bottle, then found some rather lethal whiskey liqueur at the back of the cupboard and sipped on that. Avaline found herself casting sideways looks at Matt, he really was rather attractive in a slightly scruffy, arrogant way. He was scrolling through a spreadsheet and she noticed he had strong hands, with long fingers and...

"Aveline?" he was saying "Are you listening at all?"

Jolted out of her daydream Aveline dropped her cup. It fell to the floor, splashing her skirt with the liquid.

"Whoops, I'll get it." Matt said and dropped down under the desk to retrieve her empty cup.

Aveline suddenly felt a little exposed. She was wearing a short black skirt with a tendency to ride up. It was fairly hidden when she was sat at her desk, but now here she was with a guy down on his knees just inches away from her upper thigh! Her distracted mind immediately flew to the potentials and she gave a small involuntary groan. Matt looked up concerned.

"You ok?" he asked.

From where he was he couldn't fail to see up her skirt and Aveline was aware of exposed stocking tops and the triangle of her black panties. She felt herself blush and her breathing quickened. Christ, she was getting wet just from him looking at her. She really needed to sort herself out, this was too much!

Matt seemed spellbound, he shook himself and with his voice a little more hoarse then normal said

"It's spilt a bit down your leg, ermmm , shall I wipe it off?"

Not trusting herself to speak Aveline passed him a tissue and he gently dabbed just above her knee.

"Nearly got it." 

He rubbed a bit harder moving upwards a little towards the top of her leg. His movements exposed a hint of lace and he took a sudden breath in. Aveline felt bolder. She parted her legs slightly, knowing that he could see the outline of her damp, lace panties. Matt inhaled, taking in the musky scent of arousal and letting out what sounded like a slow purr.

She knew it was shameless but Aveline decided to go for broke.

"It still feels a little wet at the top of my leg. Perhaps you could help?"

The purr turned into a growl as Matt moved his fingers upwards, coming in contact with the top of her thigh and the crease where her thigh met her panties. He gently moved them to one side, exposing her damp pubic hair.

"I think we need to clean you up." he said.

His fingers continued their exploration and Aveline moaned softly as he brushed them over her sensitive mound. One of them gently circled her clit and she sank lower into her chair, opening her legs wider to try and get more contact.

Matt looked up at the gorgeous woman sat in front of him. Her eyes were closed, her cheeks flushed and her newly glossed lips absolutely kissable. She looked ruffled, wanton and utterly delicious. Groaning with need, he moved his face over to her pussy and gently ran his tongue around her cleft. She tasted delectable, slightly musky, sweet and so hot. Aveline sighed and he dipped his head down again, sucking on her clit and lapping up all the juices that were coming from her delightful pussy. He entered her with his tongue, feasting now as he drank her in, the smell of her hot skin driving him on a culinary journey that made his head spin.

Her hands were in his hair now, pulling his head closer and she ground her pussy into him, covering his face with her cream as she sought for more and more of his tongue. He gently inserted one of his fingers inside her, feeling his cock become rock hard as she gripped him like an iron glove. She gasped and he added another finger moving them slowly in and out, curving them slightly to try and find the ultimate pleasure spot inside her. His clever tongue lapped at her clit, sucking and swirling with a faster and faster pace. Aveline was moaning. He could see her nipples were rock hard underneath her cotton blouse and the sweat covering her skin so he added another finger into her sopping hole and drove into her, finger fucking her and drinking up everything she could give him.

He felt the orgasm approaching as her body started tensing. The walls of her velvety cunt were pulsating now, gripping onto his fingers and gushing fluid as he cruelly drove her onwards. She moaned loudly without control now as she pushed her groin hard into his face. His tongue aching he licked and sucked for all he was worth and then she tensed and screamed his name as the orgasm took over her whole body shuddering and gushing with her incredible juices overwhelming every part of him with the intensity and heat. His face was drenched with her nectar and his sweat, his fingers dripping with pussy juice. He looked up. Aveline was slumped back in the chair, her legs open and her swollen pussy completely exposed, wetness lining her inner thighs and dripping down her legs.

She opened her eyes and looked down at Matt. The smell of her sex was intoxicating and she could see her own cum on his lips. 

"You look a little wet still." she said pulling him up off his knees "Maybe we should clean you up?"