 You have been locked away in your studio for hours, working on your latest music. so I decide to go down to you. You lean back in your chair when you see me come in. I smile walk over to you and move to stand behind you. Slowly I begin to massage your scalp running my fingers through your hair and lightly scratching. You moan and tell me how nice that feels.

I lean over nibble your lips, teasing and then I begin to kiss you, taking my time, you respond instantly, the kiss deepens, becomes so hungry, so passionate. Our breathing becomes irratic, I give you my tongue and suck on yours, touching your face, you feel me pressing my breasts into your shoulder. 

You reach behind and run your hands along my legs and thigh. I move my hands down your arms and bring your hands together. You hear that familiar click, the cuffs have been locked, feels a little too tight, but hey, it's okay. 

I come around to your front and kneel down, parting your knees and getting between them. You see the raw hunger in my eyes. I reach up grabbing a handful of hair and bring your face closer to mine. This time the kissing is more aggressive, urgent biting your upper lip, sucking your tongue, digging my nails into your hair and holding you hard on my mouth, I moan into your mouth "now I'm going to fuck you". I pull back a little and smile at you. 

I reach for your waistband and start undoing your pants, your breathing getting heavier, you can't speak you don't trust your voice. You are so hard, undoing your pants is a little awkward. Struggling with the zip I finally get it down, you lean back for me lifting your hips, I pull them down.

Your cock is straining to get free, the second your pants are down your hard cock springs out. I look up and smile, lean in for another kiss and grab your cock and squeeze a little, feeling it grow even more in my hand, I love it. 

"Want me to suck it babe?" Your eyes never leaving mine you nod your head, the words wont come out. I lick the knob and give it a little kiss. 

I ask if this is for me, you just nod your head. I take you into my mouth and start sucking you, slowly at first, running my tongue all around, feeling the silky texture glide in and out of my mouth, moaning around you. Pulling my head back looking up, my tongue is out, in slow motion I close my mouth around you and move forward swallowing and sliding you deeper into my throat. You moan out loud when you feel it squeezing into my throat, I look up and see your eyes half closed, you are really enjoying this. Holding for a few seconds I pull off grazing you with my teeth, I move my hand up and down, quickening the strokes, sliding off the end, running my thumb all over it, slipping the head back into my mouth and sucking the precum out.

"Just imagine it babe, just imagine how this is going to feel deep inside me". 

You tear your eyes away from mine and follow my other hand sneaking under my skirt, watching the fabric move, you know what I am doing, you close your eyes and just listen, groaning, you can hear the sound of wet pussy. This always gets to you. Moving your hips you can't help but fuck my hand.

I begin rubbing my clit and sliding my fingers faster inside me, getting nice and wet. My breathing quickens, slowly I bring it up and touch your lips with my wet fingers, "suck them babe".Your mouth opens and you suck every bit of my juice from them. I kiss your mouth tasting me. 

I stand and lift my skirt right up, I straddle your lap, take hold of your cock and run it along my lips, feel how wet I am. I slide you just inside my lips, position myself and kiss you as I slide down. Oh god, so nice, hard and big. I'm sitting on your lap, your cock deep inside me, rocking back and forwards, grinding down hard, I move my hips in circles and raise up again, this time I come down a little harder and grind on you, rubbing my clit, I keep lifting and each time come down a little harder. "Honey I want to cum, this feels so good", I raise again and come down harder, my legs begin to shake, my pussy quivers inside, you know the signs, I am trembling when I raise again and drop so hard I scream out, flicking my hips back and forth, rubbing your cock on my g spot. I rock on you as it reaches its peak, then stop. Not moving. "oh baby that feels so good" I feel you moving your hips, tell me you are so close, you also want to cum. I kiss you and you feel me lift again, all the way up till you are almost out, oops you ARE all the way out. Sorry babe, show is over, you stay here and finish your work, I have things to do upstairs. I pull my skirt down and say goodnight....can hear you yelling until I shut the door...thank god the room is sound proofed.