 If you haven't read "Working on a Raise" please do if you want the full content of this story.

The next day I arrived at work and after our first flight I went into Tiffany's office. When I walked in she looked up from her phone call and gave me a sly smile. I sat down across her desk waiting for her to get through talking. Looking at her today felt like the first time. The way her blond hair, her eyes, the way her breasts rose and fell with each breath she took made me start to flush. I was off in dream land when I heard her clear her throat.

Tiffany asked me what I was thinking about, knowing the answer was last night. My only reply was "you". She smiled at this and said that she figured that was the case as she had been thinking about it all day herself. A few minutes of small talk and she told me that she had an interesting conversation with her husband that morning. Taken aback with this I stammered simply "really". Another smile from her and then her just as short "yes". I sat there for a long few seconds and she finally broke the silence with a question.

"Do you want to know what we talked about Mitch"?

I was a bit guarded with my reply "I guess" was all that I could come up with.

Tiffany laughed and told me to relax and not to worry. I calmed down and asked her what they had talked about. Five or six minutes into her mundane recount of her conversation she shocked me. 

"That's when I told him I wanted a divorce". Tiffany looked at me for my reaction to this and when she couldn't read my thoughts she asked "What do you think about that"?

There was a knock on the door followed quickly by Sarah coming inside. I gave her a "I think I have just screwed up any possibility of us being together" grin. She gave me a puzzled look and just as quickly turned to Tiffany. I wasn't paying much attention to them and was only taken out of my daze when I heard the door shut.

Acting as though no time had passed since her question she said "So....what do you think"? 

I was attempting to to figure out how I was to tell her that I was happy for her if that is what she wanted while at the same time not coming off as I wanted to be with her. I finally thought of a reasonable response, or so I thought. "I am sure you will be much happier now that you don't have to worry about him being gone so much".

Tiffany then asked why I had given her such a generic response. I tried to explain to her that I didn't want her to base the rest of her life on last night. I also tried to tell her, without losing my job, that I didn't want to settle down with anyone right now. She surprised me when she told me that she didn't want me to settle down right now either and told me that we could continue what we started without any strings attached. Tiffany gave me a wink and told me to get back to work or she was going to have to give me a "verbal" warning.

I got up and walked out of her office thinking that I was going to be treading on thin ice around here. Knowing the complications that I had "screwed" myself into, I went throughout the next couple hours on auto pilot. I had been in the back sorting out luggage for our next flight when I felt a sudden bump on my hip that nearly knocked me over.

"You can't be doing that at work....." cut off in mid sentence I saw Sarah smiling at me. Shaking my head I told her that she really surprised me.

"Mitch...you started your sentence with YOU....who did you think I was"? 

"Just one of the guys...they are always horsing around". Thinking to myself that I had done one hell of a job coming up with that I relaxed again. She must have accepted that without question because she didn't mention my near slip again during our talk. We heard the announcement of the plane about to touch down and as I turned to walk off she asked "Mitch...you want to grab a drink after work"? 

"Yeah...yeah...that sounds great". 

Sarah smiled and said "good pick me up at my house at 11".

I got her address and finished off the rest of the night as quick as I could.

___________________________________________________

Pulling into her drive way I didn't even have a chance to park before I saw the porch light come on and her walk out. Sarah had on one of the sexiest red dresses I had ever seen before in my life. Her hair was pulled up in a pony tail and she had on matching shoes. I never had time to get out of my truck to open her door before she climbed in to reveal that she had painted her toes to match her outfit. She was one of the hottest girls that I had ever seen in my life and I was trying to tell myself not to stare. 

"Hey you" was the first thing that she said followed quickly by "What do you think".

Risking sounding like a horny teen I said "Damn...hot...sexy". 

Sarah gave me a grin that was just as sexy as her outfit and told me that she was glad I thought so because that is the look she was going for. We decided to go to a local bar just to grab a few drinks and then see where things went from there. During the drive she told me that she was glad that we had talked at the party the night before and that she felt like she would enjoy knowing more about me. I caught slight pause when she said more, but didn't let her know that I had noticed. 

We arrived at the bar and grabbed a table and a couple drinks. Several drinks later she asked me if I would like to dance. There was a slow song on so I jumped at the chance to hold her against me. As we moved to the music I felt her get closer to me and rest her cheek on my neck. I slid my hand down her back and stopped just as I felt the curve of her ass. The song finished and we returned to our table.

"Mitch...would you mind if you brought me home". 

I thought that I had done something wrong and told her "OK".

Sarah noticed the question in my response and said that I had done nothing wrong, not to worry, and that she just wanted to be somewhere more private. The drive to her place was pretty quiet. I could tell that there was something on her mind but I didn't want to push things because I was still worried about having done something to upset her. We arrived at her house and she told me that she wanted me to come inside. We walked into her living room and she asked if I wanted a beer and motioned for me to sit on the couch. Sarah returned a few minutes later with my beer and a drink for herself. She sat next to me, turning with her legs pulled up on the couch so that she could face me. There was a brief silence when she told me what was on her mind.

"I don't want you to think that I am like this with everyone...anyone for that matter. I just feel that we have a really good connection and I would like for us to be cl.."

I cut her off when I leaned in and kissed her gently on the lips. I kissed her softly several times and then I pushed at her lips with my tongue. She offered no resistance and returned my kiss with more passion then I thought that she would. Sarah pulled me off the couch by my arm and tugged me towards her bedroom.

When we walked in she turned on a lamp and then pulled my shirt over my head. I reached behind her and unzipped her dress allowing it to fall to the floor. She stood before me in a lacy bra and thong that matched her dress perfectly. I reached forward and pulled her towards me and kissed her between her breasts. Feeling her hand on the back of my head pulling me closer I released the snap on the front of her bra. There before me were two of the best looking C breasts that I had ever seen in my life. I leaned forward once again and took a nipple into my mouth. Feeling it harden with each light suckle I took it between my teeth and bit down a little harder then I thought I should have. I didn't feel her pull back only heard her moan and push me back on the bed.

Sarah reached down and started to undo my pants. I kicked my shoes off and raised my hips as she pulled my jeans and underwear down in one motion. She told me to move farther up the bed and when I reached the top she crawled up to my hardening dick and sucked me in. I felt her tongue swirl around the head each time she pulled up off of me. I can only describe the blow job that I was getting as that of a porn star. She would suck on me for a minute and then she would jerk me off, followed by her lips surrounding me once more. After a few minutes I told her to lie back.

She turned over on the bed and I kissed her on her lips, then chin, neck, chest. I continued my way down only stopping at her breasts for a few seconds. When I got to her belly button I licked the piercing that she had and pulled her panties down her legs. Sarah picked up her feet to allow me to get them off without any trouble and when I got them off she pulled her legs up on the bed allowing me access to her neatly trimmed pussy. I bent down and ran my tongue the length of her flicking it over her clit. 


"MMmmm...breath...mmmm breath" was all that I heard each time that I would run my tongue up and then back down her. When I pushed my tongue inside her I heard her let out all the air inside her. "Hhhhhhhhhh....mmmm" I pulled my tongue back up to her clit and sucked it into my mouth as I slid a finger inside her. I could feel her hips start to rotate and sucked down on her clit a little harder as I heard her breath start to quicken. The second that I moved my mouth back off of her I rotated my finger to hit her G spot I heard her let go.

"Ohhhh..cumm....nnn..ggg...ohhhhh mmmm" I rubbed my finger back and forth on her g spot while I watched her come through her climax. When she had came down and caught her breath I started to move up her body.

"No...Mitch lay on your back" 

I complied to her request and was more than rewarded when she put her leg over my body. She reached down and guided me to her opening. With a slow push down she took me inside her. When I was all the way inside her she bent forward and kissed me. Sarah started to rotate her hips moving me in and out of her she leaned back. She pulled my head up and I took her nipple in my mouth as she moved her hips faster. I bit down lightly on her nipple and she pulled my head into her harder. I took this as a hint and bit down a little harder. Just when I thought that I was biting too hard I felt her pussy start to contract around me. Sarah let go of my head and leaned all the way back as she continued to ride me. I thrust up into her hard and could feel her cum start to run down my balls. I felt her start to get up and she rolled over on the bed. She pulled me on top of her. I pushed inside hard and kept thrusting inside her...

"Harder...harder... yes...harder... yessss...ummmm.... againnnn" when I felt her pussy grip me I couldn't take it anymore. She saw the look on my face and said.

"Don't pull out.....I want to feel you..."

Before she could finish what she was saying I started to cum. Between my grunts she kept saying "yes...yes....oh God you feel good". The second that I stopped to jerk she pulled my lips to hers.

"Stay inside me I want all of your cum in me." I could feel her pussy contracting around me milking the last drops out of my dick. When she was happy that she had gotten all of it she rolled me off of her. We laid in her bed holding each other for what seemed like hours and fell asleep.

The next morning when I awoke Sarah walked out of the bathroom. 

"Morning....you want breakfast"?

"Sure..thanks" I replied. 

I knew that I was in one hell of a mess since my boss wanted me and now I knew that all I wanted was Sarah.