 I smile a little looking through the window connecting the sitting area of the restaurant to the kitchen. I was waiting on a steak to get done for a table. I glance over and smile a little seeing one of the waitresses, Jade. She was hot. We always flirted and joked around all the time. 

I turn and grab the tongs and flip the steak making sure it was done. Seeing it was I put it on the plate that already had macaroni and cheese and mashed potatoes on it. I walk to the window and put the plate down. 

"Order up, Sexy." I say looking at Jade as she was preparing the customer's drinks. 

She looks over at me and smiles at me. I smile back and she puts the drinks on the tray and walks over getting the plate. 

"Hey...when is that pussy on my menu?" I ask smiling some. She smiles.

"In your dreams, Mike." She smirks before walking off. 

I smile and watch her walk away, her hips slowly swaying from side to side. I shift my eyes looking at her ass as she walked away. Our boss always made the waitresses wear short, almost school girl like skirts, claiming it helps business. I shake my head some and turn cleaning up a little. 

Lunch had just ended an hour or so ago and I was about to go on my break as soon as Ken got here. Ken was the other cook, we had staggered shifts. I worked from 10am to 5pm and he worked from 2pm to close at 10pm. 

I hear the back door open and I look over seeing him. He puts his bag down beside the door, having just came from classes at the local college. 

"Busy?" He asks. I shake my head. 

"No. But it's time for my lunch so take over." I say. 

He nods and walks over. I walk towards the back door and take my apron off and hang it on the hook. I turn and open the fridge getting my lunch bag out as Jade walks into the kitchen. She walks over to me. 

"Going on lunch?" She asks. I nod. 

"Yeah, about time for your lunch break too right?" I ask. She nods. 

"Yeah." She smiles grabbing her bag from the fridge as well. 

I smile and open the door for her. She smiles and walks out, grabbing her coat on the way. I follow her out the door and walk with her up the hill and into the woods. There was a picnic table a short walking distance from the back of the restaurant, it was private and not a lot of people knew about it, besides the two of us. It was unseasonably warm for December, we hadn't really had much of a winter this year.

We often took our lunches together and talked while we ate. We get to the table and sit down, getting our food out. Jade looks over at me as we both begin to eat. 

"Plans for New Year's?" She asks. I shake my head. 

"No. And you don't either. We both got work." I say. 

"You gotta be fucking kidding me?" She asks. I shake my head. 

"Sorry Señorita." I smile some. 

"Damn. I wanted to go have fun." She says. 

"Dave wants to have a New Year's special, free milkshakes with the purchase of a entree." I say. 

"Damn. Who's working with us?" She asks. 

"Just me in the kitchen, you and Karen are doing tables." I say. 

"That sucks." She says. 

"Yeah but what can you do?" I ask

We finish eating and she grabs my phone from the table, checking the time. We still had about 40 minutes left in our lunch break. I zip my bag and set it aside before looking at Jade. 

"This blows." She says. 

"Yeah but what are you gonna do about it?" I ask. She shrugs. 

"Exactly." I smile some. 

"Yeah." she says softly. 

"Besides, it won't be that bad. I'll be there. I'll lay one on you if I have to so you'll have a kiss at midnight." I smile some. She looks at me some. 

"Yeah?" She asks. I nod some. 

"Yeah." I say looking into her eyes. 

"Kiss me." She says softly.

I slowly lean in to kiss her but she stops and puts her hand in front of my face. 

"No. Not those lips." She says softly, smiling just a little bit. 

I raise my eyebrow some as, she moves some and stands up on the bench of the table and moves in front of me, sitting on the table. I look up at her. She looks into my eyes and reaches down pulling up on the front of her skirt. 

I slowly let my eyes move down and stop seeing the front of her black thong. Jade spreads her legs a little more and slowly lies down on the table. 

Seeing she was serious I slowly move my hand up, gently hooking my finger through her thong and pulling it to the side, exposing her, clean shaven and slightly wet pussy. I lean in slowly sliding my tongue up her slit, tasting her juices as my tongue makes contact. 

She gasps softly, her legs slightly shaking. I slowly lick the length of her pussy a few times before moving my tongue down, slowly pushing it against her entrance. Jade moans out softly moving her hand down grabbing my hair some as my tongue pushes inside her tight pussy. 

Damn she was tight I thought to myself. I reach up moving her legs some, putting them over my shoulders, getting comfortable. I slowly begin to work my tongue in and out of her, Jade's juices slowly rolling down over my tongue. She slowly rocks her hips some, her hand, gripping my hair slightly keeping my head in place. 

"Oh god." She moans softly as I slide my tongue against her inner walls. 

Jade's legs shake, her back slowly arching. I could feel her juices leaking out of her tunnel of love even more now. I slowly pull my tongue out of her and slide it up against her clit. She gasps softly again, legs shaking a little more.

I slowly open my mouth and put my lips around her clit, gently laying my tongue against it. I look up at her and slowly begin to move my head up and down, slowly licking her clit. She raises her head up some and looks down at me, breathing a little heavier. 

I move my hand between her legs some and slowly begin to push a finger inside her. Jade moans out softly, her pussy gripping my finger as it slowly enters her. 

"God..."She says softly moving her hips a little more. 

I slowly begin to move my hand, letting my finger slowly slide in and out of her. I continue to slowly lick her clit, feeling her legs shaking against my back. I stare up at her as I slowly begin to push another finger inside her. 

Jade's back arches a bit high as her tight pussy grips my digits tightly. I slowly move my hand facing it downward. I slowly begin to work both fingers in and out of her. She moans softly, breathing heavier, her hips rocking against my tongue and fingers. 

After a few minutes I could feel Jade's legs shaking badly against my back. I look up at her, seeing her breasts heaving up and down, her hands gripping the table tightly. She slowly closes her shaking legs around my head and cries out softly as she orgasms, her back arching up off the table. I slowly pull my tongue from her clit as I feel her pussy pulsing around my fingers. 

After a few minutes she slowly opens her legs back up as she tries to catch her breath. I slowly pull my fingers out of her. Jade whimpers softly as they exit. I lean in slowly licking her juices from her pussy. She moves her hand, running her fingers through my hair some. 

I slowly lick her clean and grab a napkin from my lunch bag and clean her up some. I slowly fix her panties and reach up helping her sit up. I grab my bottle of water and take a sip, washing her juices from my mouth. 

"Wow." She says softly looking down at me. I hold back a smile. 

"You ok?" I ask. She nods some as I place my hands onto her thighs, I could feel her legs still shaking some. 

I move some, gently pulling her off the table and sit her on my lap, facing me. She moves some lying against me, resting. 

"Taste like chicken." I say softly. Jade bursts out laughing some. 

"Jerk." She says softly. I smile some. 

"Tastes very good." I say softly. 

She smiles a little and closes her eyes. I gently lay my head against hers, gently rubbing her back. After a few minutes Jade sits up slightly and grabs my phone checking the time. 

"10 minutes." She says softly. 

"Break flew by huh?" I ask softly. She nods some. 

"Yeah, it did." She says as she keeps my phone in her hand, doing something. 

"What are you doing?" I ask looking at her. 

"Putting my number in your phone since you wasn't gonna ask for it." She says. 

"I was going to ask for it." I say. 

"Uh huh." She says putting it down. I smile a little. 

After a few minutes we head back to the restaurant and Jade goes into the bathroom to clean up. I wash my hands and go back to the kitchen, getting back to work. 

A couple days pass and I was at home watching some TV. God this is boring I thought to myself. I look over at my phone and slowly pick it up. I bring Jade's number up and send her a text. 

"Hey sup?" I type; I move my thumb down and hit send.

"Not much trying to fix my laptop." She responds after a few moments.

"What's wrong with it?" I ask. 

"Keeps crashing." She responds.

"Want me to take a look?" I ask. 

"Sure, but bring a pizza when you come. I'm hungry lol." She responds. 

I smile some and shake my head. She texts me her address and I call in a pizza. I take a quick shower and get dressed before leaving. I get the pizza and head to her place. I find her apartment number and knock on the door. The door opens and she smiles seeing me, I smile back at her as she backs up and I walk inside. I put the pizza down on the table and look at her. Damn I thought to myself seeing her in just a long t-shirt. 

"Yes...pizza." She smiles grabbing a slice. I smile some. 

"Good to see you too." I say. She sticks her tongue out at me and leans up kissing my cheek. I smile and shake my head as she pulls back. We walk into the living room and she hands me the laptop. 

After a few minutes I figure out what was wrong with laptop and fix it. I put it on the coffee table and look at her. 

"All fixed." I say. 

"Thank you." She smiles hugging me. I smile and hug her back.

"No problem. That'll be 29.95." I say looking at her. 

"Yeah?" She asks softly as she moves over and straddles my lap. I nod some. 

"I don't have that kind of money." She says softly.

"Well..." I say softly.

"How about this?" She asks as she moves some and takes the long t-shirt she was wearing off, revealing her naked body to me. 

"Payment accepted." I say softly.

Jade giggles as I lean in softly kissing her bare breasts. She gently runs her fingers through my hair, her long pink hair flowing down over her shoulders as my lips lock around her nipple, softly sucking on one before moving to the other. 

She moans softly as she moves her hands down beginning to undo my jeans. My cock quickly hardening, getting my cock out she wraps her hand around it, her eyes slightly wide feeling how thick it was. She looks down at my cock and smiles. 

Pulling away she moves down to her knees in front of me and takes hold of my cock once again. Leaning in she slowly begins to lick the thick head, slowly swirling her tongue around it. I groan loving it, after a few moments she wraps her lips around the head of my cock and begins to suck on it, slowly lowering her mouth inch by inch, until she had all of my cock she could fit inside her mouth. 

Getting my cock coated in her saliva she pulls away and slowly straddles me once again. Staring into my eyes and takes hold of my cock and slowly begins to slide down on it. I groan softly feeling her tight, warm pussy swallow my cock. Jade moans softly, gripping my shoulders as she bottoms out. 

"Holy shit." She says softly closing her eyes for a moment. 

I just groan and lean in beginning to suck on her nipples again as my hand gently grips her hips. She throws her head back and moans, her pussy tightening around my hard cock more as I suck on her nipples.

"Oh god," She moans softly gently grabbing my hair, her legs shaking already. "You're gonna make me cum." She says softly

Hearing her only made me begin to suck on her nipples more, working my tongue against her nipple as I sucked on it. Jade moans out loudly as she begins to orgasm, her juices flooding down over my hard cock. 

Jade lays against me, as she finishes her orgasm. Catching her breath she looks down at me and leans in kissing me. I kiss her back, gripping her hips as I begin to slowly bounce her on my hard cock. Moaning she deepens the kiss, slowly massaging her tongue against mine. 

"Bedroom?" I ask softly. 

"Uh huh" She moans softly. 

I slowly get up, picking her up as well, feeling her wrap her legs around my waist, keeping my cock buried deep inside her. I find her bedroom and walk inside. I lay her down on the bed and quickly remove my shirt along with my pants. 

Naked now, I grab Jade's legs and spread them widely as I quickly bury my cock deep inside her. She moans out loudly, legs shaking in my firm grip. I quickly begin to thrust, driving my cock in and out of her at a fast pace. 

"Oh god...fuck me." She moans, arching her back as my cock slams deep inside her.

Within minutes Jade moans loudly and begins to orgasm again, her hands gripping the covers tightly. I groan feeling her pussy tighten around me, clamping around my hard cock. I let go of one of her legs and bring my hand up licking my fingertips. I move my fingertips down, quickly rubbing her clit. 

"Oh fuck!" Jade whimpers as her body jerks to my touch. 

I continue my quick thrusts, knowing her tight pussy would soon make me cum. She moves her hands up, playing with her nipples, her mouth opened slightly, breathing a little heavily. 

"I'm gonna cum." I Say looking down at her. 

Jade just nods, not able to speak. I continue to thrust for a few more moments before losing control. I slam inside her deeply and grunt as I begin to cum, my cum shooting deeply inside her. Feeling it Jade moans loudly, shaking as she begins to orgasm. 

We both finish our orgasms and lay there on the bed, Jade's head on my chest, my hand rubbing her bare back. 

"Fuck." She says softly.

I smile slightly and bring my hand up running my fingers through her hair. She turns her head and softly kisses my chest. 

"Stay with me tonight?" She asks softly. I nod some. 

"Sure." I say softly.

Jade slowly raises her head and looks up at me. I bring my hand up and gently stroke her cheek. I lean up and softly kiss her, Jade kisses me back, her hands on my chest, rubbing it slowly. We slowly break the kiss and Jade moves beside me and snuggles against me. I hold my arms around her. 

A couple weeks pass and it was new years eve. I was at work in the kitchen and Jade was waiting the tables as usual. It was getting close to midnight, we'd close soon after midnight. Getting an order cooked I place it at the window and hit the bell. Jade smiles and walks up to get it. 

"Hey we still on for that kiss at midnight right?" I ask with a little smile. She nods. 

"Yeah." She smiles at me. 

I smile as she takes the plate and walks off. After a while the countdown had began and I walk out of the kitchen. I come up behind Jade and wrap my arms around her. She turns her head and looks at me, smiling. 

The countdown hits one, and I lean in and softly kiss her, Jade kisses me back placing her hand onto the back of my head. I gently rub her stomach, continuing to softly and slowly kiss her. After a few moments we break the kiss. 

"Happy New Year." She says softly. 

"Happy New Year to you too beautiful." I say kissing the side of her head. 

Everyone eventually leaves and it was just Jade and myself. I lock the door and we begin to clean up. 

"Any plans after you leave here?" I ask. She shakes her head. 

"No, you?" She asks. 

"No, but you should come over, no use in spending New Years alone." I say. 

"Ok." She smiles.

I grab load the tub with the plates off the table and take them to the back and put them into the dish washer. I start the dishwasher and walk out of the kitchen. I smile seeing Jade bent over reaching for something under a table. I move up behind her and move my hand under her skirt and cup her pussy through her panties. She pauses and slowly looks back at me, I slowly begin to rub her pussy through her panties. 

"Mike..."She says softly, smiling slightly. 

"Want me to stop?" I ask. She shakes her head and moves some, leaning over one of the tables for support. 

I continue to slowly rub her pussy as I bring my free hand down and begin to lift her skirt up. Getting her skirt up around her waist I pull my hand from her pussy and slowly push down on her panties. She looks back at me and bites her lip, I bring my hand back to her pussy and slowly begin to rub it once again. Her pussy was warm and already slightly wet, feeling her juices on my fingertips I move them down to her clit and slowly begin to rub them against it. 

Jade moans softly and bites her lip as she feels my fingers on her sensitive button. I slowly kneel behind her, as she spreads her legs for me. I lean in and slowly slide my tongue against her pussy, tasting her sweet juices. She moans a little louder, gripping the desk slightly. I move my tongue again and push it inside her tight pussy. Gasping Jade pushes back against my face as I begin to work my tongue in and out of her, slowly tongue fucking her. 

"Oh god." She moans softly

She continues to push back against me, moaning softly as she grips the table. I continue my loving attack on her pussy, slowly working my tongue in and out of her. I could see her legs shaking slightly as her juices ran over my tongue. 

"I'm gonna cum..." She says softly laying her head down on the table in front of her. 

After a few moments she moans out softly and begins to orgasm, more of her juices running down over my tongue and into my mouth. Swallowing all that I could, I slowly pull away and lick my lips. Jade lays against the table, her juices running down her thighs slightly. 

"Ready to get out of here?" I ask. She nods. 

I reach down and pull her panties down the rest of the way and get them off of her. I stand up and put them into my pocket. She slowly stands and turns to face me, her skirt falling back into place. Grabbing hold of my shirt she leans up and softly kisses me, softly kissing her back I gently pull her close to me. 

We lock the restaurant up and get into my car, driving back to my place. I look over at Jade and smile slightly as I place my hand onto her bare thigh, slowly rubbing it. Jade spreads her legs as far as her skirt would allow and looks at me with a slight smile on her face. 

We get to my place and go inside, once the door closed behind us Jade moves up and kisses me, wrapping her arms around my neck. I reach back and lock the door before picking her up, her legs quickly wrap around me as I head for the bedroom. Once in the bedroom I sit Jade down on the bed, her arms and legs unwrap from around me and she quickly reaches for my belt. I take my shirt off as she unfastens my belt and unbuttons and unzips my pants. She pulls down on them along with my boxers and my hard cock quickly springs out. She opens her mouth and quickly wraps her lips around it, sucking on it gently as she begins to take more of it into her mouth. 

I groan and close my eyes feeling her mouth around my hard cock. I look down at her and run my fingers through her hair as she begins to bob her mouth back and forth, slowly on my cock. I push my shoes off and step out of my boxers and pants, loving her mouth on my hard cock. After a few moments I pull away and grab her shirt and begin to pull up on it. The tight white t-shirt slowly peeling off of her skin to reveal a black lace bra, I toss the shirt aside and reach behind her and unhook her bra. She bites her lip and takes it off, tossing it aside. I gently push her down on the bed and lean in taking a nipple into my mouth, sucking on it as I move my hands down quickly finding the zipper to her skirt. 

I unzip it and pull it down her legs and off of her. I move my lips to her other nipple and suck on it for a few moments as well. Jade moans softly running her fingers through my hair. I slowly pull away from her nipples and pick her up, moving her to the center of the bed. She pulls me between her legs and opens them a bit widely for me. 
