 So, there's this guy in my office building, named Jonathan. He and I got to be pretty chatty during smoke breaks, and started flirting with one another. After all, I was a single girl who enjoyed attention from such a hot looking guy. After corresponding online for quite some time, I decided to meet him at work on a Saturday. I didn't know what I was thinking, but I went with a shirt, skirt, and shoes. No bra, no panties.

I was getting all worked up just thinking about seeing him at work. Remembering the few times I'd dared to touch him - in the elevator, brushing my backside against him, feeling his hips thrust forward toward me....from the feel of the erection, I could tell I wouldn't be disappointed.

One night after work, I had even thought to myself, "if I don't do this now, I'll lose my nerve." Then grabbed him by the front of his leather jacket, pressed him to the wall and planted a big kiss on his sexy mouth. I whispered against his cheek - "Do you have any idea how much I want to fuck you right now?" His response was a moan. He turned his head and said "we have to stop." I knew he was right - I mean, he'd been dating someone for a few months. But here I was, single and wanting this man SO desperately...and I didn't want a relationship with him - I just wanted to fuck him.

So, I went to work. I got online and let him know I was in the building. He wrote that he'd been checking out the offices on his floor, trying to see which one he'd want, after his promotion. I asked if he'd like to give me a tour, and he told me to come on up.

My heart was racing. Every time I got close to this man, all I wanted to do was touch him. So I came in, and there he was in jeans and a t-shirt. Damn, he looked good. We sat and chatted for a few minutes, and then he gave me the office "tour". We went into several offices, and then finally, to the one he wanted - a medium-sized room with windows along one wall. Cherry desk and padded leather chair. I leaned back against the desk and discussed décor with him.

I don't know if he could tell, but I was thinking how much I'd love for him to close the door, hike up my skirt and fuck the hell out of me. I commented on how nice he looked in casual clothes. He showed me the tattoo on his back, and I reached around the front of him to touch his chest, and kissed his warm skin. He sighed deeply and leaned into me. I backed off a little, because I wanted the 'tease' just a little while longer.

We sat down again and talked. He got a phone call, and I decided to cross my legs, using the slit in the skirt up to my thigh to entice him. His eyebrow went up, and I stroked his thigh. While on the phone, he uncrossed my legs and pushed the skirt up my thighs. My heart was thudding out of my chest. I was already dripping wet.

He hung up the phone and asked if I was trying to distract him. I laughed and said that of course, I was. He asked me to hike my skirt up further, and I laced my legs over his, to give him a good view of my pussy. I saw him catch his breath. I opened my blouse to show him I wasn't wearing a bra either. He leaned forward and put his hand inside my blouse, running his thumb over my nipple - it instantly hardened at his touch. My body was screaming for him to fuck me. Still, I played it cool.

"Well, since you've seen mine, it's only fair that I see yours," I told him. "Oh really?" He replied. "Is that how it works? You show me yours and I'll show you mine?" "Only if you want to show me," I said in a way I hoped was casual. He actually blushed, and then said ok. He stood up, came closer to me, unbuckled and opened his pants. When he pulled it out, it was nine inches and hard as a rock. "Oh my!" I laughed and turned my head away. "Is there a problem?" he asked me. "Oh no, I'm just surprised that you're hard," I told him. He smiled at me and said how could he help it, with me displaying myself and looking so sexy. "There's obviously an attraction here," he said. "Yes, there is." I replied - but I could barely get the words out.

"The question is," I told him, "what are you going to do about it?" He smiled at me and just sat back. He wanted ME to do the seducing. I stood up and leaned over him. I kissed his cheeks, his neck, nibbled his earlobe (which he apparently liked very much), and pressed my breasts and cunt against him. He turned his head and thrust his tongue into my mouth.

From there, it was pure heat. He kissed my neck, pressed me against him until I was sure we were melded together, and rubbed that long, hard cock of his against me. He reached down and rubbed my labia gently with his fingertips. It felt like sparks along my skin. He pushed his fingers in between them and began to rub my clit. I was in shock - he touched me exactly as I do when I masturbate - I couldn't believe he did it just right. I kissed him, sucked at his lower lip, and moaned into his mouth as I came all over his hand.

I breathed slowly, and started to rub his cock through his silk boxers. "You know", he said, "you didn't really get a very good look at it before." I sat back, and he stood and took that gorgeous cock out. I took it in my hand and really looked at it - slight curve upward, thick head, long, and incredibly hard. He already had precum coming out of the tip. I couldn't stand it anymore and wrapped my lips around him. He leaned back and moaned, "Oh god, I shouldn't be doing this." I told him he could make me stop at any time. He just looked at me, and I continued licking and sucking his thick member. His precum tasted sweet - almost sugary. I wrapped both of my hands around his cock and took as much of it down my throat as I could. I felt him shiver, and he pulled my head away, and looked in my eyes. I stood up and kissed him, then whispered in his ear "you mean you're not going to let me lick your cock and take your sweet cum in my mouth?" His response was to grab me and kiss me hard.

I turned him around and pushed him down into the chair. I lifted my skirt, grabbed his cock and ran it up and down my slit, to get it wet, and slid down onto him. It was pure heaven. We fit like hand in glove. I rode him slowly, savoring every inch of him inside of me. Knowing that this might be the only time I could ever fuck him. I ground my pussy into him, and did little kegel exercises with my vaginal muscles - to grip onto him as tightly as I could. He leaned forward and kissed my breasts - leaned me back and held me up with his strong arms. I felt so alive in the moment. Our energy crackled over each other. We lost ourselves.

He pulled me back toward him, and I pressed my forehead against his, locking eyes and riding him slowly, then faster. I came again - still, he fucked me. I felt like my whole body was on fire, and began to ride him hard, rolling my hips against him so that my clit rubbed against his skin. I felt his breath quicken, and he wrapped his arms around me tightly. I wrapped mine around his head, holding him against me, and we came together, explosively, needing one another so badly in the moment. Feeling one another's desire in our mutual release.

My skin tingled as I savored the sensation of being locked onto him. I kissed his face, his eyes, pressed my cheek to his hair and skin. I knew it would probably only be that one time, but I got exactly what I wanted.

I left the office to go home, the desire still burning inside of me. The memory of his touch, his kiss, the feel of his skin were with me. I can't wait to go to work on Monday...