 I lifted the towel to my face, wiping off the sweat that had accumulated as I paced on the treadmill. 

Music filled my ears from the CD walkman I carried as I neared the end of my workout. I had come to the gym more than an hour before, had already lifted weights for a while, and was almost done with my cardio exercise. 

As I lowered the towel, I looked to my left and right, and noticed that the row of treadmills was empty except for mine. I glanced down to the weightlifting area on the first floor, and saw more of the same.

Puzzled, I turned and looked at the clock on the wall behind me.

"Oh, shit," I exclaimed, as I realized what time it was. It was 6:15, and the gym had closed 15 minutes earlier. I didn't notice the closing – the crowd had been light because it was a Sunday evening. 

I stopped the treadmill and gathered my things, then headed downstairs towards the locker room. I stopped off at the exercise mats at the base of the staircase to do some quick post-workout stretching, leaning against the wall as I lifted my leg behind me to stretch out my quads. 

"Oh, hey Jon," I heard behind me. I turned my head and saw Jennifer, the gym attendant, walking up behind me.

"You looked so serious up there on the treadmill, I didn't think I should bother you," she said with a chuckle. "But I made everybody else leave at the regular time."

I smiled back at her. "Thanks," I said, "I appreciate it. Listen, I'm going to go hit the shower real quick and then I'll be out of your way."

"No problem," she replied. "I've got to count down the cash register from the juice bar anyway, so I'll be a little while. Plus, I was going to stick around and work out after I lock up anyway."

She turned and walked back towards the gym office, and I headed for the locker room. Once there, I slipped off my sweaty workout clothes and went into the showers. I turned on the faucet, rinsed off, and lathered up. 

As I stood under the warm stream of water, I started thinking of Jennifer once more. I had eyed her for a while, checking out her lean, muscular frame, her shoulder-length brown hair, and her ample bosom, every time I came to the gym. A couple of weeks earlier, I had gotten up the courage to ask her out, and she accepted. We had gone out to dinner and gone dancing a couple of times, but it hadn't gotten very physical yet. 

After our last date, we had shared a good night kiss that turned into a short make-out session at the front door of her apartment. But we didn't want to rush things too much, and it ended there – and I was left wondering when we would take it to the next level. 

I turned off the water, and stepped out of the shower, drying off with my towel. I walked out of the shower room and into the locker area, brushing my hair dry as I headed for my locker. Knowing I had the men's locker room all to myself, I made no effort to cover my semi-erect cock as I walked through the room. 

I finished drying off, and sat down to slip on a clean pair of white tube socks, which I bunched up around my ankles rather than pulling them all the way up to my calves. I flexed my feet and curled my toes up inside the dry socks as I got my black Jockey boxer briefs out of the gym bag. I stepped into the underwear, pulling them up as I arranged my package – and heard someone clear their throat behind me.

I spun around, and Jennifer was standing there, her arms crossed over her chest. She had a smirk on her face and a devious twinkle in her light blue eyes. 

"Mmm hmmm, not bad," she said, as my face flushed red. Her eyes roamed over my six-foot-tall, 200-pound body. 

"What did you see?" I asked.

"Something I like," she replied, then walked over and threw her arms around my bare shoulders, planting a kiss on my lips. As we kissed each other deeply, our tongues roaming in each others' mouths, her hands ran along my clean body. She ran her fingers through my curly brown hair and tickled my goatee, and her hands swept over my hairy chest, squeezed my tight bicep, grabbed my butt. One of her hands dropped to my crotch, grabbing my hardening erection.

"MMM HMMMM," Jennifer moaned into my mouth, as she squeezed my hard cock through the soft cotton of my boxer briefs. She pushed on my chest, forcing me down onto the bench in front of her. She slipped her tennis shoes off, revealing her tight white ankle socks with gray heels and toes, and then pulled her black golf shirt with the gym logo over her head. 

She pushed her loose workout pants down from her hips and stepped out of them, leaving her standing there in socks, a pair of gray lycra workout shorts and a matching sports bra. 

Jennifer stepped up to me, kneeling slightly as she pressed my face up to her D-cup breasts, then lowered herself more as she rubbed her sports bra-clad tits against my bulging boxer briefs. She dropped down to her knees, spreading my legs open. 

"I want to suck your big cock," she said huskily, as she worked my dick out of the fly in my boxer briefs. Her pale hands and forearms – marred only by Celtic knot tattoos wrapping around both wrists – stood out against my reddening erection. 

Her fingers wrapped around my six-inch-long, thick cock, pumping it slowly as she licked her lips. A drop of precum glistened on the tip, and she leaned forward, lapping it up with her tongue as the stud of her tongue piercing caught the light. 

"Mmmm, tastes kind of syrupy and sweet," Jennifer said with a giggle, and then ran her tongue along the length of my cock, licking it like a lollipop. 

Jennifer parted her lips, swallowing the head of my dick, and I moaned with pleasure, my feet curling up in my socks as my legs stretched out behind her. The warmth of her yielding tongue was made even more inviting by the cold sting of her tongue piercing. Her head started to bob up and down slowly as she blew me, and I leaned forward, reveling in the sight of Jennifer stuffing her mouth with my hard cock.

I eyed the rest of her body as she sucked me off – her free hand had slipped down to her tight shorts, and she was rubbing her pussy through them. My fingers ran through her hair and guided her head bobbing as I sneaked a glance at her tight ass and her cute feet, curled up right behind her. My socked feet moved over hers, rubbing on her soles through the wrinkled bottoms of her ankle socks – I could even read the pink "Hanes" printed on the bottom of both of her white-and-gray socks. 

After a couple of minutes of oral pleasure, Jennifer lifted her head from my crotch, wiping her wet mouth with the back of her hand. She motioned me to lower my head to hers, and we shared another deep kiss, the taste of my own precum filling my mouth. 

"Don't cum yet," she said quietly. "I want to fool around on the weight machines."

Then she stood up, and bounded out of the locker room, her socked feet nearly silent against the carpeted floor. I made to follow her, and found her in the now dimly-lit main room of the gym, sitting on the leg extension machine. 

As I walked up to her, my erect cock straining against the fabric of my boxer briefs, she pulled her sports bra over her head, freeing her large breasts. 

"I want you to play with my tits while I get my reps in," Jennifer said, cupping her ample bosom in her hands before sliding her feet under the machine and starting to lift the weight stack. 

I moved up next to her, nestling her breast in my hand as I leaned in to kiss it. My tongue shot out, teasing her already-hardening nipple, as her legs worked up and down on the weight machine. I stole a glance at her high-arched feet curling up around the weight machine pad before diving back into her chest, where I took her nipple completely into my mouth, sucking gently. 

My hands began to roam as I sucked her tit, resting first on her clenching thigh muscle before moving to her crotch. My fingers began to rub gently through her shorts and panties, and a slight moan escaped from her mouth. 

A few repetitions into her set, Jennifer's hand, which had been gripping the rod-shaped handle at her side, moved to my nearby crotch. Her fingers firmly grasped my cock – not unlike how she had held the handle – and squeezed it through the fabric of my boxer briefs. Before long, we were both moaning louder and louder, me from her stimulating my dick and her because of my tongue and fingers combined with the growing strain of the weight stack. 

I could feel her thighs start to quiver as she topped 15 reps, and I noticed her grip on my cock grow tighter as she struggled to continue. I redoubled my efforts, my tongue dancing on her firm nipples and my fingers moving faster and faster along her clit. Finally, she let the weight stack fall with an audible clack as her legs gave out. 

She threw her arms around me, drawing me close enough for a tongue-filled kiss. 

"That was wonderful," she said breathlessly. "Now, it's your turn."

We switched places, with me now manning the weight machine's seat and Jennifer beside me. 

I started to lift the weights, my thighs clenching and relaxing, as she leaned over me, kissing me deeply. I felt a sensual tingle in my mouth as her tongue stud flashed in and out, and then I felt Jennifer's hand caressing my hairy chest. 

I continued my lifting as she lowered her head to my chest, her tongue darting out of her mouth and flickering across my nipple. At the same time, her hand slid down to my crotch, rubbing my erection gently through my tented underwear. 

My hand moved around to Jennifer's firm butt, where I squeezed it through her gray workout shorts. Her mouth had moved back up, and she alternated between sucking on my exposed neck and nibbling on my earlobe, both of which drive me crazy. 

Jennifer moved her hand up to my waist, and then back down, sliding it under my waist band and into my boxer briefs. She wrapped her fingers around my rock-hard cock and started pumping it gently up and down as I kept lifting the weight stack.

"I'll keep going as long as you keep lifting," she whispered into my ear, then. 

My legs began moving faster and faster, hoping as I did that if I kept up a relatively rapid pace that I could keep my muscles from seizing up for longer. Jennifer's pace sped up to match my own, her fist pumping up and down within my black boxer briefs. 


"Hmmmmm," I moaned in pleasure, my socked feet curling up at the toes as I kept up my weightlifting.

I felt an orgasm build within me, but as soon as it started I knew it would never arrive – my legs were starting to give out. Two reps later, I stopped lifting, my quadriceps having turned to jelly. 

Jennifer stopped jacking me off, and pulled my undies back for a minute, revealing my hard, quivering cock. She leaned down and once again licked a drop of pre-cum off of the tip. 

"Damn, that stuff tastes good!" she remarked, then skipped in the direction of the upper-body machines, her breasts bouncing up and down as she moved. 

I followed her, reaching the incline bench press machine just as she started pulling down her gray workout shorts and tiny thong bikini underneath. Jennifer turned back to me, wearing only her cute ankle socks, and blew me a kiss as she sat down on the seat of the weight machine. 

She slid her hips forward on the small seat, and parted her legs, revealing a trimmed patch of brown hair between her thighs. She motioned for me to come kneel in front of her, and then gripped the handles of the weight machine expectantly.

I knelt down, and lowered my head to Jennifer's crotch, my hands parting her lips as I started to go down on her. She started pushing the handles of the weight machine out, lifting the weight stack as I kissed her womanhood. 

"Oh, yes, that feels good Jon," she said quietly, and I felt her legs tense on either side of me, her calves flexing as her socked feet stood on tiptoes. 

My fingers had spread her pussy lips apart, and my tongue flicked across her. I started up high, near her clit, before moving further down her vagina. I got her nice and wet by the time she had completed a few reps, then inserted my finger into her pussy while my tongue roamed back up to her clit. 

"Oh, God!" she gasped, as both her vagina and clitoris were stimulated. Her weightlifting pace had slowed a bit, and I could tell from her labored breathing that she wasn't going to be able to keep it up for much longer. 

Still finger-fucking her, I quit using my tongue for a moment, instead planting my lips on her swollen clit. I kissed it gently, then once more, harder, and then parted my lips further, taking her clit into my mouth. As I sucked Jennifer's clit, I heard the weight stack slam down loudly, and felt her hands move to my head, urging me on in my oral lovemaking.

"I know I can't keep going," she said breathlessly, "but that feels so good – please don't stop!"

I responded with a low moan into her pussy and a loud, slurping kiss around her clit, making her cry out with pleasure. I felt her fingers run through my hair as she pressed my head into her pussy, then her legs moved up and around my upper body, pulling me towards her.

I started flicking my tongue around her clit again, this time moving my head from side to side as I pleasured her. A second finger joined the first in her pussy, which was now unbelievably wet. 

My cock had once again swollen, tenting my underwear outward and upward. Sensing my arousal, Jennifer moved one of her legs from its perch on my back to a spot between my legs. My dick grew warm as the soft cotton of her sock rubbed on my bulging boxer briefs, creating friction; she must know I have a thing for girls' socks. 

As she pleasured me with her foot, I could feel her hips start to thrust in and out very slightly, and I knew she was getting close to an orgasm. She lifted her socked foot up a bit, and then pointed her toes as she slid her foot into the waistband of my undies. Jennifer plunged her foot deep into my boxer briefs, until her toes, which were curled up now, cradled my balls; my swollen shaft rubbed against the top of her foot along its entire length, with the head of my dick pressing against her bare skin just above where her ankle sock ended. 

I moaned into her wet pussy as she worked her foot up and down imperceptibly, and then Jennifer's hips started pumping faster and faster.

"Oh, God, Jon, don't stop," she cried out, louder this time. "That feels so fucking good. I'm gonna cum!"

Jennifer's gasps and moans got louder and closer together, echoing around the empty fitness club building, before she finally grew quiet, and pushed my face back away from her crotch. 

"Oh, Jesus, that was wonderful, babe," she said huskily, as she looked down at my bulging boxer briefs. She gave her foot another twitch, goosing my balls, before taking her foot away from my crotch, pulling my underwear out and revealing my swollen dick.


"I believe you've got something there I want to get more acquainted with, hon," Jennifer said seductively. "Why don't you sit down here?"

I stood up, and she helped me out of my boxer briefs before pushing me down onto the weight machine's seat. My six-inch-long cock stood at attention as I grabbed the weight machine bars, preparing to lift the weight. Jennifer adjusted the weight – I was hoping she would forget that so I would get a longer period of pleasure – and then knelt in front of me, taking my dick in her hand. 

She started jacking me off slowly at first, looking up at me with lust-filled eyes before lowering her head to my crotch. 

"Oh, wait," she said. "You've got some more pre-cum here!" 

Jennifer took her finger and wiped a large drop of the thick liquid off the tip of my cock before offering it to me.

"Here, try it – it tastes neat!" 

I leaned forward tentatively, not sure if I should taste the substance. To spur me along, she thrust her finger closer to my mouth, and I relented. The sticky liquid tasted sweet – like Jennifer had said before – and was not at all unpleasant. 

"Mmmmm," I said quietly, before swallowing Jennifer's finger further into my mouth, sucking on it slowly. 

"Hey, that's my job," she said with a laugh, withdrawing her finger. 

Jennifer leaned forward once again, her tongue darting out and teasing the head of my dick. I watched her start to pleasure me, and like I had a few minutes before in the locker room, I started to rub my socked feet against hers. 

Her head popped up after a moment, and she shot me an accusing look. 

"Aren't you forgetting something?" she asked.

"Oh, sorry," I replied, then started working the weight machine arm as she returned to giving me a blowjob. 

Her head bobbed slowly at first, matching the pace I made on the bench press machine as we rubbed our feet together once more. Jennifer picked up her pace after several moments, now going at a medium speed as she sucked my cock. 

I looked down at her while I pressed the weight stack; I once again got off immeasurably at watching her fill her oral cavity with my manhood and moan around it. Her eyes opened, then, and tracked up to my face, catching me in a naughty stare. Just then I felt her finger tips tickle my balls, and knew exactly why she had such a mischievous look on her face. 

"Oh, yes, babe….that's it," I moaned quietly as I slowly lifted weights. My arms and chest started to ache from the strain of lifting, but my cock felt close to exploding. 

Jennifer's hand cupped my balls as she kept sucking me off, and she squeezed them gently, evoking a loud moan from me. She responded by speeding up her pace until her mouth was nearly a blur around my dick. 

"Oh, fuck yeah, Jennifer," I cried breathlessly, feeling an orgasm build inside me even as my upper body began to give out. 

I let go of the handle bars as the weight stack neared the end of its circuit, causing a loud clang when the weights slammed home. My hands flew to the back of Jennifer's head, guiding her as she bobbed up and down on my cock. She redoubled her efforts now, sucking harder on my dick and squeezing my balls tightly. 

"Oh god, baby, I'm gonna cum," I gasped, and I felt warmth surround my cock as she took my entire length into her mouth. As she slid it out, she wrapped the fingers of her free hand around my shaft, and began jacking me off in time with her sucking. 

One more look at the wrinkled soles of her socks, and the feeling the soft cotton made against my own socked feet, and I was pushed over the edge. I curled up my toes in pleasure as I shot load after load of cum into Jennifer's mouth, and moaned louder than ever, filling the empty gym with my cry. 

Jennifer pumped my cock dry after several moments, her throat working as she tried to swallow most of my love juice. She lifted up her head, and a small drop of cum drooled out of her mouth and onto my crotch as she gave me a smile. 

"Thanks for letting me finish," I told her. 

"Oh, you're only finished for a little while," she replied, her grin spreading. "We're really just getting started."