 She could tell by his tone when he answered the phone that he was in a rotten mood.

"Hello." When he said it, it was more than a complete sentence. The tone said "I don't have time for this, it had better be good."

Discomfited, she almost hung up then. Taking a deep breath, she replied shyly "Hi."

"Good day." he answered expectantly. Again his tone said more than his actual words, it said "Hurry up and tell me what you want, I don't really have time for you."

"You sound busy."

"I am." There was a pregnant pause as he waited for her to get on with telling him what she wanted.

Her heart sank. She knew she'd never have the nerve to tell him what she'd called for. "Oh. I won't keep you then, I was really just wondering what you're doing later."

"I'll still be working on this damned project, the whole thing is so fucked up. I won't be free for days."

Stifling a sigh, she told him to give her a call when he was free again, and hung up.

"Damn" she thought to herself. "I wonder if I'd told him what I wanted if he'd have found time to tear himself away for an hour or two. Now what do I do? I'm all keyed up, and I need it out of my system. Maybe i need to go for a walk."

She slipped her sandals on and went outside. She moved one foot in front of the other without even really looking where she was going. Next thing she knew, without even thinking about it or making a conscious decision to go there, she was reaching out and ringing his doorbell.

Her heart was in her throat as she waited for him to answer. "Fuck, what the hell am i doing?" she thought, almost panicked. "I know better than this, I know he's busy. He's going to be pissed." Her stomach clenched and knotted, but wasn't there something else? As the door opened and his face appeared, she shifted uncomfortably with the sudden realization that she was very, very wet.

His eyebrows raised and he said nothing. While a moment ago she would have said it was impossible, her heart beat even faster. She was terrified about what he might say, but she was excited just by being in his presence, and even more excited by her fear of what he might do at that moment.

"May I come in?" she asked, her voice barely audible.

Giving her a forbidding look, she was sure he was going to tell her no. She wriggled uncomfortably and his gaze softened almost imperceptibly. He stepped aside, allowing her room to enter the house. He closed the door, still saying nothing, and walked past her into his office. She followed meekly, and he sat down in his chair and swiveled to face her.

"Well?" he asked expectantly.

"Well, I, uh. I mean, that is." she stammered.

"Yes?" he asked in the same tone, although this time she could have sworn she heard a note of amusement at her discomfort.

She closed her eyes. "This is it" she thought. "Either I tell him what I wanted, or I can go home and know I was too much of a coward to do it."

"I think you've been working too hard." she said, taking a step closer to his chair. "I wanted to spoil you a little, to make you feel better." She took another step forward, took a deep breath, and dropped to her knees in front of him.

Taking a deep breath, she looked up directly into his eyes.

"I want to suck your cock. I want to taste your come."

Her heart was pounding. He still said nothing, but his expression had changed a little. He now wore a look of amused interest.

"Shit." she thought. "I blew it, he thinks I'm ridiculous. What the Hell was I thinking, I've made a fool of myself."

Still not speaking, he grabbed her hand as she moved to stand up. His grip was not painful, but surprisingly strong. He guided her hand to his fly, and when her eyes met his, just smiled.

Swallowing deeply in relief and desire, she settled on her knees again and slowly pulled down the zipper.

"Oh, God" she thought, as she reached inside his pants. "He's already hard." She felt another wave of desire overtake her as she leaned in to bring his cock out. She licked the tip, getting her first taste of him. "Fuck, I'm so wet!" she thought. She licked him again, this time circling the head and flickering just under the rim. She then leaned in further and slid her tongue all the way up and down the length of the shaft, to finish by opening her mouth wide and wrapping her lips around the top.

"Mmmmm" she murmured, savouring his taste as she slowly drew him in. She got about halfway down before slowly dragging her lips over him on the way back, then moved forward again to repeat the process. Each time she went imperceptably faster. Just when she'd relaxed enough to settle into a regular rhythm, her mouth a warm, wet sheath for his cock, her hand lovingly caressing his balls as she bobbed up and down, he surprised her by grabbing a handful of her hair and rapidly shoving her all the way down on him.

Nearly choking as he hit the back of her throat, she fought the urge to gag. She could feel a mixture of her saliva and his precum dribbling out of the side of her mouth as he held the sides of her head, faster and faster pushing her all the way down and then pulling her back to where just the head was left touching her lips. Tears came to her eyes, she was fighting that reflex so hard. The worst part was, as uncomfortable as she was, her panties were soaked through.

He still said nothing, as he continued to not merely guide her head up and down but roughly forcefed her his cock. Just when she felt she was getting used to taking the whole length of him in, he started to thrust upwards each time he pushed her down. She tried to keep from making any noise, but he was shoving it in so deep and she was so excited that she couldn't help but make soft, choking garbled little moans. Her mind racing, looking for ways to please him, she tightened her lips and increased the pressure, making the sheath of her mouth tighter. She could hear him breathing more rapidly as he fucked her face hard.

Encouraged, she used her tongue. Undulating it along the underside of it, trying to squeeze him and stimulate him even further.

She squirmed, squeezing her thighs together as she worked on him. Her wet panties clung to her, and she relished the thought that she was being very, very dirty. Begging to be allowed to suck his cock, getting on her knees to do it, having him shove her down on it over and over, dribbling spit onto his open pants... her pussy ached. She couldn't remember ever being so aroused.

Squeezing her lips around him as hard as she could, she felt him tense up for barely half a second before he rammed her head all the way down on his cock, the hardest yet, and she felt his cock spasming in the back of her mouth. His come hit the back of her throat, and once again she struggled not to gag on it. She swallowed against the reflex, and felt his come going down her throat.

He let go of her head, and she gasped for air. Shaking, she drew in a few deep breaths and rested her head on his lap. She could smell his sex still in his lap.

He stroked her hair silently for a while, and when she finally stopped trembling, he spoke.

"Thanks. I needed that."