 It was shortly after the break-up with my long-time girlfriend, Isabella, and I was lying in bed, thinking of her; reading her last text again and again when my phone rang. I nearly dropped it in surprise. The caller ID read "Hollywood" which was a friend of mine who worked just down the street at a convenience store. I answered the phone and she asked if I was busy. I told her I was not and that's when she asked if I knew anyone who could unlock a car. She knew I used to be a cop, so, she thought I might know a locksmith or someone would could get in. I explained I worked part time for my step father's locksmith company and could get into a car or residence with no problem. Hollywood explained there was a mother down at the store that had accidentally locked her keys in her car while her child slept inside. I told her I would come down as soon as possible. 

I threw on a pair of jeans and a jacket and headed out the door. Five minutes later, I pulled up in my mustang and went inside the store. At the counter I saw Hollywood, her black and pink hair looking hot against her tan face. She saw me and flashed that familiar smile. I walked up to the counter and stood behind a woman that had platinum blonde hair. Hollywood yelled my name and the blonde turned. It was another friend of mine, Breeann. Breeann looked as though she might have been crying.

Breeann started thanking me profusely for coming and told me it was her car that was needing unlocked. I told her to calm down, I put a reassuring hand on her shoulder and started walking back outside. I saw her car next to the gas pump. I walked up, looked inside and could see her daughter sleeping in her car seat in the back. Breeann started crying and her face turned bright red as she began to panic. I told her to sit tight and just remain calm. I explained she wanted her daughter to see a smile when she woke up, not tears. 

I pulled my kit out of the trunk of my Mustang and walked over. I calmly pulled the right tools out and immediately put a pump between the door and body. I started pumping away at the air bag and started making jokes about how I was good with my hands and how she should be happy she called on me. Finally her brown eyes began to smile. Within two minutes, I was handing Breeann her keys. She smiled a huge smile and hugged me. Oh, she hugged me hard. She checked on her daughter, who was still sleeping then asked me how much it was. I told her I would give her the friends and family discount for $35. Breeann smiled again and told me she didn't have the money right now, but, she had just started working at the nursing home in my city and would just stop by my house some night on her break. 

I wasn't too worried, so, I gave her another quick hug and I put my kit away. As she drove off I rearranged my pants before going inside. Breeann was a model and a looker. She worked as a nurse to pay some of the bills but she also worked as a bikini and lingerie model. Damn, what a model she was...

Three days later, I had just awoken. I had picked up my phone to check my messages; I was waiting for Isabella to let me know when she was stopping by to pick up some stuff she'd ordered from me. There was only one message, and not from her. It was from Breeann. She was letting me know she was going to be in town and had an hour break at 2pm and was wondering if she could drop the payment off. I quickly thumbed her a message as it was just 1:45pm that it would be okay. 

I jumped in the shower and threw on some fresh clothes just before she text me again 20 minutes later that she was downstairs, at my apartment door. 

I ran down the stairs, looking forward to seeing Breeann again, but also thrilled to throw a few bucks in my pocket. I opened the door and there she was. She was wearing some mint colored scrubs and her hair was pulled back, with a black head band. She was wearing a bit much makeup, almost looking like a perfect Barbie, but, it was all good. 

Breeann thanked me and asked if I would mind showing her my apartment. I explained it was a bit of a mess, as there were still boxes lying around from my move and all of my workout equipment was left out. Breeann giggled a bit and said she understood, having a young daughter. Then she added she knew about what happened between Isabella and me, so she understood living out of boxes for the time being.

I led Breeann up the stairs to my apartment and showed her around. Her eyes got big when she saw the shower and exclaimed that she had heard of my infamous shower. I asked where she had heard it and she just smirked and said she had her secrets. I led her across the hall to show her my room. I turned on the light and I turned away to describe my room. I turned back to see her reaction and Breeann was in the middle of removing her scrub top. 

I was in awe as I watched. I could not take my eyes off her hard 5'6" figure; her abs looking defined and tan. My eyes went up and landed on her chest. She was wearing a black bra. It didn't have any lace or anything fancy to catch my eye, but, I her breasts, which were spilling out the top sure did. They were wonderfully shaped; perfectly tanned and round. I knew she'd had a recent surgery as she had text Isabella right after they were done. I wasn't a big fan of fake breasts, having dated a few ladies with them before, but these, well, these were perfect. 

Breeann smiled after seeing my reaction. I stood there, unable to move. I was a good 15 years older and here was this object of beauty and several other men's fantasies standing here, swinging her top over my computer chair. She smiled and turned away from me. Her arms came around and she unclipped her bra. I took a step back, not sure what to do. Her bra straps rolled off her shoulders and she brought her hands to the front. She turned slowly, smiling, and I'm sure she knew what she was doing to my brain at the time. 

I felt my pants tighten as the warmth of my erection began pulsing and hardening. Breeann stepped forward and put her hands on my shoulders, freeing her breasts. I only had a moment's glimpse, but they looked as great as I had imagined. Perfect C cups in a nearly equally perfect circle, topped by dark pink nipples with just a tiny areola surrounding them. Her hips pressed forward against my upper thighs and I could feel my thick erection fall along the top of her hip. 

Breeann slowly moved her body downward, her hands following her movement, along my shoulders, my chest and eventually my waist. Her hands were smooth across the silver and blue Underarmour baseball shirt I was wearing. I continued to stand, my mind blank. I could feel every cell activate as she went down. I felt her hardened nipples rub against my thighs before her knees went to the floor. 

Her hands stopped at my belt and I felt her tugging at it. She moved forward just a bit and smiled and exhaled hot air against my still clothed cock. I nearly fell backwards but reached out and grabbed the door frame just in time. This didn't stop her, nor did it slow her down. If anything, she took advantage of my stretched body frame and quickly undid my belt and pants. I had lost quite a bit of weight lately, so her help wasn't much needed as my pants fell off my waist, but, her regal hand made sure they made it past my swollen manhood. She reached in thru the man hole of my boxer briefs and with a bit of force, her tiny hand wrapped around my thick cock and pulled it thru. 

I was hard. Oh how hard I was. I almost felt like I was about to burst as I hadn't been touched in over three weeks. She paused, and then she did something I'd never experienced. Like a fine cigar, she held my cock in her palm, closed her eyes and smelled the entire length. She opened her eyes, smiled then went to the other side and did the same thing. It was odd, yet, it was thrilling. She opened her eyes once more and slowly began pulling the head into her mouth. She took her time, moving so slow that it was driving me crazy. As she slowly pulled me in, her tongue circled around and danced along every inch of me. 

She got to the base of my cock and took a deep breath in thru her nose. She pulled the last inch in, swallowing my manhood deep in her throat. I was in heaven. As she swallowed, her tongue crept out her bottom lip and licked the base of my cock. I had never seen such a feat. I could feel the cum boiling in my balls as the gravity of the situation was too much for me to bear. But, before I could even think of cumming, Breeann reached up and pulled my recessing testicles and encircled the base with her finger and thumb, pulling them down and in a nearly painful way, she felt as though she was pulling them to the floor. It was another surprising experience. While she pulled my balls down, it felt like my cock got longer. Breeann fucked the head of my cock with small strokes of her throat. My mind had moved from thinking it was absolute Heaven to now being in a woman controlled Hell. Yes, it was amazing, nothing short of amazing, but this blonde beauty's grasp wouldn't let me orgasm.

She did everything she could to drive me wild, eventually letting go of my cock with her throat and coating me with spit as she gave me the hand job of my life while sticking the tip of her tongue in my sensitive pee hole. She caressed, kneaded and rolled my balls the entire time and if they started to retract thinking they were going to release, she pulled down again. This happened nearly ten times before she finally stopped. She took me all in once more, swallowed the head then slowly backed out. 

She stood up and for the first time I got to see and touch those glorious breasts. They were magnificent. They might have been fake, but, wow, to touch them was real. Her skin was smooth, tan and had that feel of someone who had recently been moisturized for a tanning bed. My hands found the heat of her nipples and I squeezed them in unison as her hands stroked me slowly. 

Her hands left my cock and her eyes left mine for just a moment as she began to pull down her scrub pants. She kicked off her shoes and pulled her pants off. I engaged in the same idea and removed my own shoes and began kicking my pants off impatiently. I looked up after my socks were gone and there she stood, flawless, wearing a pair of black panties. They were lacey and came up low on her hips. She smiled and posed against the door. Only panties and that black matching headband. I was in awe again. 

She smiled and turned and I could see the perfect globes of her ass sticking out each side of her thong. She kept her head turned toward me and bent over at the waist. My cock was jumping out of its skin as she rolled her panties down her ass, along the tops of her thighs, and continued downward. I could see her swollen lips of her pussy as she bent over. The crease appeared to be wet. I was salivating and before I could move, she reached back and ran her finger along her slit. I could definitely see the wetness as she slowly traced her own anatomy. I felt a drop of my own precum erupt as she brought her finger to her mouth and drew it in, closing her lips and making a hard sucking noise. 

I could wait no more. I grabbed her hips and led her to the bed. Before she got to the bed, she stopped, and my cock rested against her warm lower back for just a moment. My hands surrounded her and pulled against her breasts. I quickly spun her around and pushed her onto the bed. She fell back and her legs opened out of instinct. 

I was too turned on to take my time, so dove right in. She had very small, thin lips, pink and sticking out beyond her swollen outer labia. She was completely waxed and had no tan lines. I lightly traced my finger along the interior of her pussy and spread it apart. Her clit was not only swollen but it stuck out, its pink bud shiny with lubrication and arousal. My tongue immediately found the bud and began circling it, tracing it as she had traced the head of my cock earlier. I felt her gasp and stiffen at my touch. As I continued playing with her, I moved my index and middle finger along her slit. She was very wet, and my fingers slipped inside her lips easily. 

I continued inward, moving my fingers until they were fully enveloped with in her womanly warmth. Breeann started shaking her head side to side as I curled my fingers, finding her cervix deep within. I began massaging the entire shaft of her cervix and I could feel it open as she started to pant. Her hands were moving between her belly, her hips and her breasts, massaging as she began to cry out. Suddenly I felt a rush of fluid and she started screaming as if in pain. Her pussy locked down onto my fingers and her whole body came off my bed as her abs tightened and she pushed my fingers in deeper with her muscles. 

Her eyes rolled back and she rocked back and forth quickly. She nearly stopped breathing for over a minute before she collapsed. Her pussy relaxed, allowing the blood back into my fingers. She convulsed a couple times then opened her eyes. There was no smile. She was dead serious. "Fuck me now." I moved her further up the bed and placed my very hard cock at the entrance of her wetness. I knew I had just had two fingers in, but, still, I wondered if she could take my thickness. 

I pressed forward and found her entrance. Breeann moved her hips up to meet my cock. I slowly drove forward and felt as her tight pussy enveloped the head of my cock. I drew in a sharp breath as the smoothness grasped my sensitive head. I stopped for just a moment to readjust my body to get in deeper. As I did, Breeann drove her hips forward. I felt her inner body open and I slid in, all the way to the base. I may only be a tiny bit above average length, but my girth coupled with her tightness was amazing. She gasped and reached up, pulling on my forearms. I pulled half way out and drove in hard. I continued this driving, hard like a jackhammer and she pulled against me as though she was climbing against my cock. She was wet but as tight as she was the friction was crazy. 

She pulled me down and I straightened out my legs. Her legs wrapped against my lower back so my shaft changed angles and was rubbing against her clit. Her big brown eyes began to grow bigger as I increased my speed. I felt her fingernails digging into my shoulders as her body stiffened beneath me and she took in another deep breath before she started screaming in orgasm. She pulled up against me and this time I felt something different. Her pussy started pulling in and out against my cock. I could feel my balls swelling and I knew cumming was imminent. 

I didn't suppress the feeling and I screamed I was going to cum. Breeann stopped mid orgasm and released her hold on me. I felt the first spurt moving up my shaft as she pulled off my cock, slid in a half circle and caught it on her face as it shot out. Before I could react she pulled my cock into her mouth and I came hard. Her hand was moving, her tongue attacking me as I shot spurt after spurt in her mouth. Breeann tried hard to keep it in but I had so much cum that it began to spill out the side of her mouth. After my last expression of cum, my cock became overly sensitive. I tried to pull away but Breeann grabbed my ass cheeks and pulled me in again all the way, my cock falling deep into her throat. She swallowed the head and I went crazy as suddenly a second wave of orgasm rocked me. I felt my ass tighten and I felt my balls pull in as I shot a second load down her throat. 

Moments later, I collapsed. I lay there, trying to breathe, trying to recover. Breeann sat up and there were still small streams of cum running down her lips. My cock jumped a bit as she took her finger and pulled the results of my orgasm from her cheek and lips and into her mouth. She smiled and cleaned her entire finger. Had I been able to react, I'd have been hard again just with the picture of this beauty licking my cum off her finger. 

Suddenly her phone went off and her eyes got big. She put a finger to her mouth and stood there naked as she answered the phone. I basked in the afterglow of our moment as she talked to her boyfriend. I heard her tell him she only had 10 minutes before her break was over and that she had to get back to work. She hung up and smiled at me. She asked if it bothered me and I, of course, said no.

Breeann then started getting dressed. I sat up to watch but remained naked. She smiled the entire time. I finally got up and picked up my boxers as she rearranged the headband in her hair. She apologized for not bringing any money but asked if that would hold me until she did. I told her that the lock out was on the house this time. She laughed, and agreed that would be fine, but asked if I was going to be home the next day in case she needed to work off any future debts...