 Lily looked around herself in awe. She had never seen so many beautiful trucks in all of her life. She was surrounded by them. Big ones, small ones, loud ones, quiet ones, shiny ones and rusty ones. She smiled broadly.

The Gumboro Mud Bog. One of her favorite events of the year. Basically, it was a redneck woman's dream come true! Beer, hot country boys, mud, oh and trucks!

"Lily! Look at that one!" she heard her friend Amy shout. Lily spun her head around and saw it. It was a truck straight out of her dreams. A brand new, 2009 GMC Sierra. It had what looked like a 4" lift, and 35-1350's under it. The paint was a gleaming black with a lime green pin stripe running down the sides. Oh, and it wasn't an average pin stripe, it was painted to look like a strand of barbed wire. The tailgate said "I'm Going Out With My Boots On".

Lily smiled as she saw it and shouted to Matt, the guy driving the truck she was sitting in the back of. 

"Why can't your truck look like that Matt?"

"Cause I don't have a million bucks to make it look like that Lil," he said with a glance in the rearview mirror. They continued driving through the crowds looking for a place to park. Matt and his girlfriend Amy sat up front in Matt's '02 F-250, while Lily, Tom, Greg and Gina sat in the bed. Finally, Tom pointed out a parking spot a few places up and Matt whipped the truck into it.

Lily was the first to clamber out of the back of the truck. She was joined by Amy and Gina and they started to walk up to the area where everyone sat back, partied and watched the trucks go through the holes. Matt, Tom and Greg followed behind lugging two coolers and some sheets to sit on once they got up there.

Lily and the girls were busy chatting about all of the hot guys around them. "Oooh look at him," Amy said and giggled when Matt scolded her from behind them, reminding her she already had a hot man. Tom chimed in to Gina that she did too, considering the fact that they were together. Lily and Greg were the only two single ones in their group. Which meant Lily was free to have fun.

As they neared the mud holes the boys spread out the sheets and sat their coolers on them. Amy and Gina sprawled out on their backs, hoping to catch a tan from the hot summer sun. 

"Aww c'mon guys lets go walk around first," Lily complained. When they all decided they'd rather stay there, the boys included, Lily decided to head off on her own, promising to catch back up with them around 4.

Country music was blasting from all directions and she heard whoops and hollers going up everywhere as she began to walk. Half of the people here were already drunk and probably had been since the night before. She smiled to herself; these were her kind of people. The smells of grilled hot dogs, hamburgers, chicken and more wafted through the air and made her mouth water.

After about ten minutes of wandering, she realized her mistake. She hadn't brought a beer with her! She made her way over to the concession stands and was floored at the prices. $7 for a bottle of Bud Light Lime. Lily groaned and spun around. She'd just have to go thirsty, no way was she paying that much.

"Need a drink?" she heard from behind her. She turned around and came face to face with who had to be the most gorgeous man there that day. He topped her height by a good foot, and probably doubled her weight easily, but it looked to be all muscle under those tight Levi's and that black wife beater tanktop.

Lily pasted on her most flirtatious smile. "I really could use one," she said sweetly. She watched as the guy's eyes raked up and down her body and felt her flesh start to tingle from just the touch of his eyes. He gestured for her to come with him and Lily immediately sidled up next to him.

"I'm Derek," he said as they made their way through the crowds. He nearly had to shout for her to hear him over the noise of roaring trucks and radios blasting.

"Lily," she replied holding her hand out to him and giving him a sweet smile. Derek chuckled softly and took her hand, kissing the back of it briefly and winking.

"Where are we heading?" Lily asked as they continued to wind through the people.

"See that Sierra up there?" he asked in her ear, his breath tickling her neck. Lily was ecstatic; it was the truck she'd seen earlier.

"The one with the barbed wire pinstripe?" she asked animatedly, a broad grin crossing her face.

Derek faced her and raised his eyebrows, "Been checking it out already?" he asked with a knowing look. Lily laughed out loud.

"Who hasn't?" she asked. Derek winked before hauling himself up into the bed of the truck and grabbing a Bud Light for himself and asking her what she would like.

"Got any Bud Light Lime by any chance?" she asked and Derek grinned, pulled one out and handed it to her. Lily took a swig and began to inspect the truck up close. There were a lot of personal details to it, including his name etched into the driver's door, but no name on the passenger... a good sign.

"No girlfriend?" she asked sweetly as she came to stand beside Derek who was leaning against the lowered tailgate, watching her.

He shook his head. "If I did would I have brought you back here with me? Any girl would be jealous of you," he said. Lily blushed when she realized he had quite a noticeable tent in his pants then she giggled. 

"My friends are gonna be so jealous when I tell them about this," she said. Derek's eyebrows rose.

"Jealous of you talking to me?" he asked innocently. Lily immediately shook her head.

"No, jealous of what we're going to do," she said as she wiggled closer to him. Her hip brushed his and her hand brushed against his member, straining against the jeans that confined it.

A low growl escaped Derek's lips. "Easy darlin', unless you want me to haul you up into that back seat and show you what can really happen at a mud bog," he said in her ear. As he said this his hand brushed across her tit and the nipple straining against her shirt there.

Lily hadn't bothered with a bra today, it was too hot for any additional clothes, and her spaghetti strap tank top did little to cover the fact that she was highly aroused.

Derek stood straight and faced Lily. He stepped up until he was a mere inch away from her and leaned down so his lips were next to her ear. His arms surrounded her head on both sides and his thighs were surrounding hers as well.

"Honey, I know you ain't cold in this heat, so there's only one other reason why your nipples would be that hard," he said in a husky voice. His lips touched her skin right behind her ear and Lily's knees almost buckled at the contact.

"Oh god," she whispered. One of her hands was now on Derek's rock hard chest and she felt the muscle there jump at her touch. She looked up into his eyes and smiled, his forehead was resting against hers. Slowly, she inched her lips towards his and then he took control, covering her mouth with his. One of his hands tangled in her long blonde hair and crushed them together. His tongue traced the crease in her lips, begging for entry. Deciding to tease him a bit, Lily broke the contact and ducked beneath the confines of his arms. Slipping around the corner of the truck she heard Derek groan. She stifled a giggle.

Opening the driver's side door of the truck she was about to climb up into it when she felt Derek's large hands span her waist and haul her up into it himself. She landed with a rather unladylike oomph but Derek didn't seem to care. He followed her up into the truck and soon she was crushed beneath his weight on the front seat. Somehow, Derek managed to shut the door behind him. The interior grew dark due to the tint on all of the windows except for the windshield. 

Derek's mouth latched onto Lily's nipple through the thin cotton and he sucked and nipped at it until Lily was writhing in pleasure beneath him. A moan escaped her lips as his hand traveled underneath the hem of her shirt and covered the other breast. His fingers plucked at the nipple making it grow tighter still. Lily wanted his mouth on her bare nipple so she broke the contact long enough to whisk her tank top over her head. Derek took this opportunity to do the same with his. As soon as his shirt was shed he was back on top of her kissing her deeply and palming her bare breasts.

Lily's hands were exploring his chest as well. They traced the contours of his six pack all the way up to his small male nipples where her nail flicked at them and made him groan. Derek was grinding his hips into hers as his mouth latched onto her nipple once again, his hot tongue searing her skin.

Lily cried out softly at the contact and her nails dug into his back where she had been exploring the smooth. hot skin. Derek groaned deep in his throat.

"Lily, I want inside of you," he said breathlessly. Lily couldn't speak so she merely nodded and arched her hips up to grind against him. Derek groaned again and reached down. He easily undid the button on Lily's short denim shorts. The zipper was next and before she knew it, her shorts were gone leaving her only in her silk thong. Derek's big fingers prodded her through the silk and Lily whimpered in wanton need. She heard a ripping sound and realized Derek had ripped away her underwear, but she didn't care, especially when she felt his finger slide deep inside of her.

Derek's finger began sliding in and out of her in rhythm and she was trembling from the pleasure of it. Lily reached down and worked at getting his jeans off. It was easier said than done considering the tight confines of the seat but eventually she got it and Derek shucked them without ever pulling his finger out of her.

Lily could feel herself close to cumming and wanted Derek to stop but he wouldn't listen. He just kept driving his finger into her, and when he closed his lips around her nipple again that was Lily's undoing she came hard against his hand her juices soaking his fingers. As she came Lily cried out loud, the sound echoing in the truck. Derek chuckled softly as he kissed her.

"Lily, are you on the pill?" he asked softly. "I want to feel you without the confinements of a condom". Lily nodded yes reached down to stroke his throbbing manhood. A low groan escaped his mouth.

"Babe, if you don't stop I'll never get a chance," he said with a lazy grin. Lily stopped after a few more seconds of stroking and opened her legs beneath Derek, guiding him to her entrance. She felt him press against her and slowly start to slide in. The sheer size of him took her a few moments to adjust to but he slowly pushed all of the way in. He was so long that the head of his cock brushed her cervix, making Lily cry out. She'd never felt so filled in her life. 

Derek began a slow and easy rhythm and Lily urged him to go faster. She wanted it fast and furious, not slow and easy. Derek took her hints and began to slam in and out of her making her cry out with every thrust.

Lily found herself close to another orgasm and threw her head back against the seat. Derek took advantage of this and his mouth latched onto her exposed throat, suckling and nipping her there. This drove Lily over the edge and she began to spasm around Derek's cock. 

Her pulsing sucked Derek's cock in and he began to cum immediately right along with her. She could feel his hot juices flooding her canal and splashing against her inner walls. A loud moan escaped his lips as Derek came. He continued to rock in her until his dick became too soft and he pulled out.

Lily just lay there, still writhing in pleasure and moaning softly. Derek kissed her throat, temple, lips and everywhere in between. Lily smiled up at him in sated happiness.

"Oh man," she managed to mumbled and Derek laughed.

"I agree darlin'," he said softly. It was then that Derek heard the number 193 called over the loudspeaker.

"Shit I gotta get ready to run, that's my number!" he said scrambling to dress as Lily did the same thing. Derek scribbled a number on a piece of paper and thrust it into her hand as Lily turned to walk back to her friends.

"That's my number babe, call me and tell me if I did a good job going through the hole," he said with a wink and laugh before starting his truck and driving off.

Lily made her way back to her friends and was happily embarrassed when they immediately noticed a large hickey on her neck. She explained to the girls what had happened, and as she had predicted they were jealous.

They sat there drinking beers and when Lily saw Derek's truck pull up to the starting line she sat on the edge of her seat. He made a nice run, coming in second. Lily pulled out her cell phone and sent him a text message.

"Nice run, but call me tonight and I'll really show you how to work a hole" was what it said. She wondered if he'd actually call her or not.