 Hi. This is my first attempt at writing, other then business plans. I hope you find this interesting and stimulating. All characters are solely figments of my imagination and not intended to depict anyone in particular. I'd appreciate your feedback on this my first attempt.

* * * * *

All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy, thought Chuck as he put stock away in the woman's shoe department. Chuck was working the night shift, from 12:45 in the afternoon until 9:45 at night and so far the day promised to be a real dud. The store was a large retailer, located at a mall in the northeast. It was spring and the first day of baseball season, and Chuck could think of many things he'd rather have been doing other then working.

Chuck was 38, tall, brown hair, brown eyes. He was athletic in build, almost six feet tall, and weighed about 180 lbs. He was lithe rather then muscular. Chuck was smart, actually too smart to be working where he was, but unfortunately circumstances dictated that his employment be what it was. Formerly a top high-school athlete and having his own business after college, Chuck had fallen on hard times. The recession of the 90's had hit him hard, eventually forcing him into debt and bad checks. This had led to an arrest, and probation, but he was out of work and desperate. All of this had landed him at a base rate of seven dollars an hour, plus commissions, as a shoe salesman in the woman's shoe department.

Now, all was not terrible. There were fringe benefits, but so far these had been minor and visual at best. The people he worked with were nice, and the department was located directly adjacent to the cosmetic area, so there was a profusion of excellent looking girls and women around at all time. Some of his co-workers were also real lookers, but so far that's all that had happened; a lot of looking, a little teasing, and a lot of fantasizing. Chuck was really looking forward to the return of warm weather, because it meant the customers (and staff) would once again be wearing short skirts, low cut blouses, and the like. Chuck had never known so many woman went around without panties until last summer, when he had been able to glimpse quite a bit of poon-tang while kneeling and showing shoes to customers. Unfortunately that is all he ever got, glimpses. Well all of that was to shortly change, only Chuck did not know this as of yet.

Chuck was in back doing his required stock work. The other people working tonight were his normal partner, Venezia, a woman literally old enough to be his mother, Daisy, a young girl, about 30, tall, thin, and very cute. She had a great ass, and very long legs. Chuck figured she was about a 34AA-B at best, but it didn't matter. Her ass was the tightest one he'd ever seen, it looked like she could open a beer bottle between her butt cheeks. Often, Chuck fantasized about sliding his cock in between those cheeks, and opening her! Also working that night was Kira. Kira was the manager of the cosmetic department, and really good looking. She was a tall blonde, about 5'8", long legged, 35B-23-36. Her tits were pert and firm, and she always had erect nipples poking through her sheer sateen blouse. Directly across from the department in cosmetics, besides Kira were Jennifer, Monica, and Althea. All were good looking, Jen a brunette, Monica a blonde and Althea a redhead. All wore the costumes for their department, black tops, black short skirts, and black fishnet stockings. Finally working that night were Lia the assistant store manager, a tall good looking brunette, who always wore form-fitting navy blue dresses, Mark, the only other guy who was a sales associate in shoes, and surprisingly to Chuck, Karl the stock guy was still there. 

Chuck finished up his stockwork and went back out onto the floor. The department was a square with the registers in the back and middle, and chairs around the perimeter and in the center. It was his job to approach customers, find out or help them select shoes, sell them the shoes and process the sale on the register. Chuck enjoyed the select and sell phase best, as he would bring out shoes and if the girl was pretty, actually bend down and help her try them on. This afforded him many a nice view, especially during the summer months. Chuck had taken, along with Mark and Karl, to nicknaming some of the more regular customers. Take "thong woman" for example. She was an older lady, probably close to 50 years old, who had an excellent body, tall, thin, nice boobs and long legs. She had come in one day wearing leather pants, that, when she bent over to try on a pair of shoes, lowered on her ass to reveal the top of her butt cheeks and the straps of a pair of thong panties. Another regular was "nipples". This woman was probably around 30. She had a small set of tits, but her nipples must have been huge. The fact was she obviously never wore a bra, and her nipples seemed to be in a state of perpetual arousal; it looked like she had a pair of .38 caliber cartridges in her shirt! Most of the regulars came around only during the day.

Tonight as Chuck walked out onto the floor, he noticed there really was not a lot of action. The department manager was off for the day, so things were more relaxed amongst the staff. Venezia was on her dinner break, and Daisy was leaning on the register stand. Mark was talking with a potential customer, and Karl was moving a fixture on the floor.

Chuck walked up to Daisy at the register. She was wearing a black blouse, short, black skirt with a white pattern on it, black mesh stockings, and high-heeled black boots. Her long brown hair hung down near her shoulders. Her face as always sported a lot of make-up but it was not excessive. Her mouth was outlined with black pencil, with a light lipstick. As always she smiled as Chuck approached the desk. Daisy was one of his favorite people, and she felt the same about him. They got along well, there was no competition and were good friends.

"So, looks like another dead night", Chuck said.

"Yes", Daisy replied. "I haven't seen a customer in about a half hour. Mark has been talking with that lady for 15 minutes, but I don't think he's brought her anything yet."

"Well, I finished my stock work for the day. Now at least I can stay on the floor the rest of the night", said Chuck. "I know that if I didn't do it, you know who would get on my ass. Where is Venezia, she should have come back from dinner by now?"

"Oh she went home", Daisy answered. "I told her that Karl had a fantasy about her and she got so flustered she just left." Daisy giggled. That was hilarious I thought. Venezia was 62, about 5 feet tall, and weighed about 140 pounds. Definitely not fantasy material!

"So Chuck, do you think you could help me with something in my stock area?" Daisy asked. "I realize you just came out on the floor but I need some help. I was going to ask Mark or Karl, but they're both busy."

"Sure", Chuck answered. He then followed her back through the main stock room to one of the smaller separate ones. As we entered the door closed behind us both with a click. "Now that I have you alone my sweet" he jokingly intoned.

Daisy turned to him with a smile and laughed. Chuck could see what the problem was; there was an empty space near the top of the shelf that had to be filled. However, to do so meant re-arranging several other rows of boxes, all near the top of the shelf, and partially blocked by a metal pipe hanging down from the ceiling. "I'll climb up the ladder and if you could hold it steady, I'd appreciate it, and then also, if you could use the pole to keep the other boxes from falling, I can move these around", Daisy said.

"No problem", he said, while he thought to himself, definitely I'll hold the ladder, it'll give me a great view of your tight little ass up your skirt. Chuck grabbed the ladder with one hand as Daisy began to climb, and with the other held a long pole, with a little box holder on one end, against the boxes at the top. Daisy climbed higher and higher, until she was about four feet about his head. She had to know he would have a clear shot up her skirt. Maybe this is what she wanted the little flirt (and she was). In deference to her modesty Chuck pretended to be looking elsewhere as she asked me to hand her a short shoe-getting pole. He did and she looked back up to the top of the shelf. As she did Chuck looked at her. He followed her stockings up her legs to her thighs, his gaze traveling upwards. She was actually wearing stockings with a garter belt, not panty hose, and to his amazement, as he gazed upwards, no panties! He had a clear view of her ass cheeks and as she leaned forward a little, caught a slight glimpse of the light brown hair covering her vaginal area. Chuck immediately felt himself getting aroused, his penis becoming erect. He licked his lips as his mind began to wander as he gazed at those firm round white cheeks, shaded by the dress, the bare thighs above her stockings. A bead of perspiration began to form above his lip and on his brow. He was staring but could not stop.

"Chuck, Chuck, Earth to Chuck", he heard Daisy say. "Could you hand me the first box on the floor." "Sure thing", he replied and reached to get it. As he looked up to hand it to her she had partially turned towards him and parted her legs to get a better balance. Involuntarily, his eyes traveled up and under her skirt as he turned towards her to hand the box to her, and as he handed it to her, her eyes met his. A mischievous smile was on her lips. "Is something the matter Chuck", she asked. "You are all sweaty and pale." 

Chuck was now looking up her dress with a clear view of her pussy. 

"Are you looking at my pussy?" Daisy asked teasingly. "Do you like what you see?" Would you like to see more?" and with that she turned so that she was facing him on the ladder, still two feet above him, and lifted her skirt up completely. She stepped down two steps so that her sex was right at eye level. "What do you think, Chuck, is it what you imagined it would look like?"

All Chuck could do was stare. Daisy's pussy was perfect. Covered in a light down of neatly trimmed light brown hair, her pussy lips clearly visible. Her pubic hair was trimmed so that it was a small triangle at the very top of her pubic area, with a few wisps moving further down. She moved herself closer to Chuck's face. "Would you like to see what it tastes like, to touch it?" Daisy asked.

All Chuck could do was issue a raspy "Yes" as his mouth had suddenly gone very dry. He dove right in, bringing his hands around to grasp Daisy's ass, and began to gently kiss her nether region. He moved his lips around his fingers kneading Daisy's butt cheeks, spreading them apart and back as his lips and tongue began to flick feverishly over her pussy. He began to probe her cunt slit, his tongue parting her labia, darting in and around her pussy hole. Daisy began to moan. "Oh yes Chuck use your tongue, fuck me with your tongue" she softly cried. Chuck did, his tongue probing her. He found her clit, now erect and firm and began to nibble on it softly. Daisy cried out as a jolt of electricity surged through her body, waves of pleasure beginning to cascade over her. "Use that tongue, Chuck" she cried, "make me cum. Oh, Oh, Oh!"

Chuck was now furiously moving his tongue in her pussy. Again he brushed her clit with his teeth and then moved his tongue to it, and gave it a tongue lashing of epic proportions. Daisy cried out in pleasure, moans and gasps escaping her lips. Chuck slid one of his hands down her ass and moved a finger and began to probe her anal opening as his tongue continued to bounce around her clit. He brought his other hand around her waist, and slowly inserted his thumb into her pussy, his teeth now nibbling on her engorged clit, and as he did he also inserted a finger into her ass.

"Oh yeah, Oh yeah, OH YEAH!" Daisy screamed as her orgasm began. Pulse after pulse after pulse of pleasure went through her as her pussy began to spasm. Chuck could feel her cunt muscles tighten and squeeze as his thumb brushed her "g" spot. Daisy cried out again, and a gush of cum started to drip from her wet cunt. Her knees weakened and she leaned back into the ladder as Chuck continued his ministrations, his thumb moving in and out of her pussy, a finger moving in and out of her ass, and his tongue moving over and around her clit. Daisy grabbed his head and pressed his mouth firmly against her cunt, as orgasm after orgasm flashed through her. "I"M CUMING!" she screamed and boy was she ever. Her juices were dripping from her cunt, a puddle beginning to form on the floor and Chuck's face was glistening from her juices. Never had she had oral the way Chuck was pleasuring her. Her boyfriend never spent this much time on her; usually just fingering her to get her wet, and then putting his cock in her, wham, bam, thank you ma'am. Chuck wouldn't stop, as he added another finger into her pussy, and moved his thumb to her ass. The sensation was incredible as her two holes were probed, and her clit was on fire from his tongue. She came over and over, probably a dozen times. Cries of pleasure escaping her lips. "Oh yes, Oh my god, oh my god, oh fuck me with your mouth, use your tongue". She continued to gasp as her last orgasm passed over her.

Finally she moved his head away from her pussy and said, "now it's your turn." With that she climbed down from the ladder and moved towards the door to the stock room. First, Daisy checked it to make sure it was locked, then she turned back to chuck and pushed him backwards so that he was now leaning against the ladder. Good thing it was at an angle. She then glanced in his eyes, and leaned forward and kissed him full on the mouth, her lips parting and her tongue darting furtively into his waiting mouth. They tongue-wrestled for a moment and then she broke the embrace and began to open Chuck's shirt, slowly and sensually unbuttoning it, and as she did, she kissed her way down his chest. Chuck leaned back and closed his eyes. He moved his hands backward to brace himself. Daisy, continued to kiss his chest, and nipped his nipples with her teeth, causing him to issue a little yelp. Down and down she moved, pausing for a second to undo the buttons of his pants, and then sent them sliding to his knees, next came his boxers revealing his manhood in all its glory.

"Oh my", Daisy exclaimed. "I've never seen one like this before." By that she meant she had never seen a cock so gorgeous, so perfect. Daisy was used to her boyfriend Mike's cock, which was at a maximum when fully aroused, about 6 inches and rather thin. Here was this circumcised masterpiece, like a DaVinci statue. Chuck's cock, now fully erect, must have measured 10 inches. It was also about as thick as Daisy's wrist, curving upwards towards his abdomen, like a perfectly formed banana. There was a small amount of curly brown hair at the top, moving upwards towards his belly. Daisy placed her right hand on Chuck's member and slowly began to stroke it. Chuck just closed his eyes. He couldn't believe it, here was this gorgeous girl, whom he had just eaten out, who was now about to blow him. About the only negative was that Daisy didn't have what Chuck thought of as "blow job lips" but hey, who cares. Daisy now placed her mouth slowly over the top and began to encircle the tip of Chuck's tool with her tongue. Around and around she went teasing him, not yet fully placing him in her mouth and then suddenly she took him fully into her mouth to the hilt. "Oh Wow!" Chuck exclaimed as Daisy began to deep throat him. Very few women had ever tried this with him, and he couldn't believe she had done it in one gulp so to speak. Up and down she began to bob her head, her tongue swirling over his cock, her cheeks hollowed as she blew him. She had one hand on his hips and the other on the ladder. Chuck reached down and put one of his hands around her head and began to move his hips with her mouth. In and out his cock went. Daisy paused to move to the tip of his cock again, and then downward taking his balls into her mouth, first one then the other, then both. She tongued his testicles feeling their weight, and watching as a drop of pre-cum formed at the top of Chuck's cock. She moved back to his prick again, and took it all the way. Up and down, in and out, her tongue moving feverishly. Chuck began to breathe very hard, his breath coming in gasps as he neared the point of no return. Daisy felt his nuts and cock begin to swell and Chuck grabbed her head and held her close upon him as suddenly he came. 

"I'm gonna cum" he said, and with that he held her steady on his cock and his cock contracted, his balls exploded, and he shot what seemed like a gallon of cum deep into Daisy's throat. "Umm" she said as she felt and tasted his hot jism hit her tongue. She swallowed and swallowed again as he shot glob after glob of his sweet seed into her mouth. She pumped his cock with her hand a few times to make sure she got it all, until finally she felt like he was done. She continued to suck his cock for a few minutes. Chuck was now semi-erect, but Daisy was by no means finished with him.

She backed away from him as he stood there in a dazed his cock bouncing loosely in front of him. Opening her blouse she reached in and removed her bra, exposing her small, pert tips. She had large nipple and aureoles the size of silver dollars. Her nipples were fully erect and she squeezed them, first one, then the other. She moved forward and offered them to Chuck to take into his mouth, which he did first the left then the right, his tongue swirling over her nipples, his hands cupping her breasts. She bent down again and cupped her tits around his cock, and licked it again, then she turned around and bent over.

Chuck was now looking at Daisy, bent over, her hands on the floor, her skirt, pulled up over her ass, her ass and pussy pointing at him. Daisy spread her legs apart, and took one hand and moved it around to her pussy and slowly slid a finger into her hot, wet cunt. Chuck just stared in amazement. This girl was so hot!

"Fuck me", Daisy said. "I want to feel that beautiful cock deep in my pussy, and I may want it more then once". Well Chuck was no fool, and needed no further encouragement as his now rock hard love piston was once again ready for action. He moved up behind her and pressed the head against her hot hole. Slowly her pussy lips spread for him until he felt himself slide completely into her tunnel of love. Slowly Chuck began to pump, in, out, in, out only halfway, in, out until just the tip was in, and back in again. Pump, pump, pump, as he began to find his rhythm, Daisy backing up against him, her hips meeting his with every thrust, his balls slapping against her. He had his hands on her hips for balance as he began to increase his pace.

"Oh yeah, fuck me Chuck, fuck me. Make me cum with that cock of yours" Daisy yelled. Her breathing was coming harder and harder, and she could feel her pussy begin to clench as her orgasm neared. In and out Chuck moved as they continued, her cunt juices dripping on the floor. "Oh yeah, oh yeah, oooh, ooooh, oooooh, YEAH!" Daisy yelled and her cunt clenched hard around his love muscle. In and out he continued and now, once again he moved a finger and began to piston that into her rear hatch. "Oh yes, fuck my ass with your finger, fuck my cunt with your pole, make me cum", Daisy screamed. Chuck wondered if anyone could hear them, but this was only a fleeting concern. He wanted to fuck her ass as well, to fulfill his fantasy about seeing how tight that hole was. One thing was for certain, her pussy was as tight as a 16-year-old virgin! Now Chuck's conditioning was coming into play. He could go on forever, having already cum once, and Daisy was coming all the time. He moved his other hand a grabbed a tit, pulling on her nipple. Daisy came again, her cunt muscles practically squeezing his cock flat as he continued to pound furiously into her.
