 Monday morning I awoke in a hotel room, a strange feeling as it took a few moment to collect my surroundings and realize where I was. The unfamiliar room took a moment to straighten out in my head as I rubbed my eyes. Remembering that I'd been asked by our company's leadership to assist training some of our newest employees, a rotation I wasn't particularly looking forward to. 'This is going to be a long week.' I thought to myself, running my fingers through my short brown hair. 

I looked down at the television in the room that had been left on late last night as I tried to get to sleep. The tent my usual morning hard-on was pitching with the sheet was blocking out the bottom of the screen. One familiar thing at least, every morning since I was 13 started this way. I slipped a hand under the sheet to touch my sensitive and erect flesh. It was incredibly hard like concrete, painful and desperately begging for release. Slowly my hand wrapped around my throbbing mass and began softly stroking. My eyes closed, and I began to think back decades, to an exciting camping trip with my girlfriend in college. How she'd always loved to wake me up by taking me in her mouth while I slept, waking up with this pulsating monster in her warm and wet mouth...that morning waking in our tent, the cool air only had intensified the heat from her mouth. I began to feel precum dripping from the head as I continued touch myself, making my hand and cock slippery.

Just then my alarm jolted me from my beautiful thoughts. My hand left my cock to reach over and turn it off. I thought I could come back and finish...but checking the time, I realized, that I needed to get moving. Ugh, all day in a meeting, and my one opportunity to start the day off right was thwarted by the time. I made a mental note to get back to my room early tonight, I'd probably need to take care of business then. I rolled out of bed to get into the shower.

I never liked traveling for work, didn't much appreciate sleeping in strange hotel beds, away from my family. My wife and kids no doubt were also waking from their night and getting ready for their days back home. I missed waking up with them and sharing the first moments of our day together over breakfast. Although, when I think about it, I can't say I was a stranger to satisfying my own needs in the morning, it happened often. I guess the years of my marriage had taken it's toll on the passion we once shared, and nothing I've done seemed to remedy that. For the last few years, she was flat out cold, and when we would be intimate, it was disappointing. Left to my own fantasies and explorations often, I'd gotten good at remembering long lost girlfriends and experiences that had shaped my sexual history. Those thoughts of that morning in the tent were keeping me hard while the water heated up as I brushed my teeth. The warm water helped me to relax and finally my erection subsided as I cleaned up and shaved for the day.

The ride to the office was quick and I entered the meeting room, dressed in a black suit, blue tie and white shirt. Always formal dress in this office. The new employees tried to make idol chit chat with me, for most it was their very fist day of employment and I did my best to help them feel comfortable in their new surroundings. Still not excited to spend a full day, much less a week in the meeting room, but work was work, and I loved what I did. This company and the work I had put in, provided and excellent life for my family and I, and if the company leadership asked me to help this week, I was going to do my best. That's the only way I do anything, it's all or nothing, my best effort on everything I do. 

Chatter was getting to a boil when the door opened. What walked in next, I was ill prepared for. I noticed her hair first, long and blonde, her bright smile was next as she surveyed the meeting room of people. She walked with a purpose, the room fell silent, and she set her things down on the conference table, she stood in a position of authority and inhaled a deep breath to address the class.

"Good morning everyone!" She projected.

A unanimous "good morning" from the group followed. 

"My name is Michele and I'll be your instructor for the week. If you'll give me a few minutes to get settled, we'll get started."

I was in awe. In just a moment this beautiful creature had taken control of a room of somewhat unruly people, and done it in a way we were all looking forward to. She was tall in her heels, must have been at least 5'8-5'9 in them. A professional black jacket worn over a black and blue tight dress that seemed to end just above her knees. Her long legs poured from the hem of the dress down to the heels on her feet. As she prepared her things, she removed that black jacket, my voice caught in my throat, and my eyes must have widened. Not only was this woman gorgeous, she was very, very pregnant. I figured at least 5-6 months by the look of it. She also looked like she hadn't gained an ounce of weight, other than her beautiful round belly. Her slender figure showcased by a body forming black and blue dress, that hugged every sensuous curve. My eyes had trouble not staring.

Never in my life had I ever found a woman so desirable so quickly, much less a pregnant one. My mind wrestled with this conundrum for a moment, before I realized I had better introduce myself. I stood, realizing that since she walked in, I hadn't taken my eyes off her. It was like no one else had been in the room since she entered.

"Good morning Michele" I said walking toward her, extending a hand, "I'm Scott, I was asked to help you get our newest members through their first week." 

"Good morning Scott" as she took my hand, her hand shake was firm, I pretended to look at her hand, but was trying to get a closer look at her legs and how that dress hugged every inch of her body in a sexy but still very professional way. Our eyes met, now looking at each other, our hands stayed clasped a second longer than necessary. Her tongue gently licked her lips and she smiled wide again. "I have something for you, can we talk in a little bit?"

"I'm here for whatever you need..." I replied, testing her response. I thought her cheeks flushed for a brief second, but she stayed very professional. 

"Thank you Scott, I appreciate your enthusiasm"

I returned to my seat and prepared for the day long meeting. It went by quickly, but I was finding it hard to focus as my mind kept drifting at this beautiful woman in front of the room. Thinking to myself, I'd never found a pregnant girl so attractive before. We talked several times throughout the day, each time seeming to stand a little closer, talking at a lower volume creating small private moments. She seemed every bit as attracted to me as I was to her. This made me smile. We talked about a lot, she was younger than me by more than ten years, she reached out several times to steady herself during a laugh, grasping my arm...I thought she was coping a feel but I couldn't be sure. She seemed to smile brightly when I spoke, and I'm sure I was responding in kind.

By mid afternoon, I was already thinking of how to get her alone at some point during the week so we could talk. I wasn't thinking of flirting per se, but I wanted to get to know her when there weren't all these other people around. I really just didn't want her out of my sight, every curve of her beautiful pregnant body was keeping me throbbing and thick in my suit, and I was loving being so turned on all day.

Sitting there, watching her ass wiggle in that tight dress while she wrote on the board made my cock throb in my slacks over and over. It felt unusual to be so turned on by someone, I'd always been fiercely loyal to my wife, and never really thought about stepping out, despite the fact that my sex life had been abysmal for years now. But as I watched her wiggle her small yet perfectly round ass, all I was imagining was sliding that dress up around her waist and pushing my hard cock right in between those beautiful ass cheeks. I thickened and throbbed in my pants again like a high school kid, praying I wouldn't be called to the front of the class.

My mind ran wild, the fantasies got more vivid, and more pornographic. The images flying through my head now were of all the depraved acts I wanted to carry out with her. Images in every position, kissing, sucking, licking, fucking, I listened to her voice as she spoke imagining what she must sound like in the throes of her own orgasm. It was impossible to turn my thoughts off. They scared me a little, I wanted to act on them, and I needed to know if she felt the same. 

The danger here was ridiculous, I was married with two kids at home, she was married and currently pregnant with their baby. We worked together, the implications of a workplace romance were dangerous on so many levels. But in those moments, catching each other's eye throughout the day, I didn't care about the consequences. I wanted her, and hoped she felt the same. My mind raced with how to progress our conversation after hours.

Opportunity knocked, she wrapped up the lecture for the day, and the class broke for the evening. As people packed their things, she and I did the same. I noticed her glance over in my direction a couple times as she packed up. Strangely I found my heart beating faster, like a nervous kid in high school again, now wanting to ask out his crush. I had to make a move before she left for the day. How would I ask this question, I didn't want the employees to overhear, maybe they'd want to join, and I wanted her all to myself.

I had to say something "Michele, can you stick around for a bit so that we could talk about tomorrow's plan for the lecture?"

"Yes, Scott" her lips seems to caress my name as it left her mouth.

The last person left the room, and she walked over to my desk. I tried to hide the fact that I couldn't take my eyes off her curves, even that pregnant belly, but I was unsuccessful. Our eyes met, she smiled, I smiled. She caught me looking, I opened my mouth to speak but nothing came out.

"Yes, what's the matter, cat got your tongue?" She said coyly.

Wait a second, was she overtly flirting with me? The obvious play on words as she caught me ogling her.

"I sure hope so." Came my wry response with my own devilish grin.

I think at that moment we both realized our need for professionalism, and broke eye contact.

"I'm staying at the Hilton, and hate having dinner alone. Would you care to join me?" I asked.

"I'm staying there too" she said, as smiled crossed both our faces and we locked eyes again. 

I glanced at her beautiful pregnant belly, and back up to her eyes..."I take it you're hungry?"

"You could say that." She smiled again, now overtly flirting with me. 

I thought to myself, this will be an interesting night, it's been a long time since a beautiful woman was so overly flirtatious with me. The feeling of being wanted and desired was one I hadn't felt in a very long time. It felt good to talk with her.

I took my keys from my briefcase and jingled them, "Need a ride?"

"Yes. Yes I really NEED a ride." She said coyly, laying it on pretty thick.

We gathered our things and made light talk out to the parking lot, trying to find my rental car in a sea of employee cars. Tossing our bags in the backseat we hoped in the front seats and made the short drive to the hotel. We made small talk along the way, mostly poking some good natured fun at some of the new people in the meeting today. 

Arriving at the hotel, I suggested we meet in the restaurant at the hotel in 15min to give us each some time to drop our things and change if we wanted to. Running up to my room, I dropped my bag, lost the tie, and brushed my teeth. Looking over myself in the mirror before heading back out the door. I wasn't entirely sure of where tonight would lead, but I had to find out.

I got back to the restaurant first and asked for a quiet table outside. It was warm out and the sun was setting, I also noticed the hotel bar was crowed with business travelers and it was pretty loud. Outside seemed more serene. I thought of ordering a couple of beers but remembering I was having dinner with a pregnant woman, I ordered two Arnold Palmers instead. Looking out over the golf course and lake was picturesque. 

She joined me in moments, upstairs she had left her jacket in her room, but I thanked God silently that she'd kept that dress on...it looked outstanding on her, and didn't hide a thing from anyone. Her small perky breasts stood straight out over her pregnant belly, her narrow hips gave way to her small round ass, and legs that seemed to go on forever. Compared to my 6'4 and 225lb athletic frame, she was tiny in comparison. I was beginning to wonder what she had on underneath, and what she looked like without it. I stood and greeted her with a big smile, she looked a little nervous. I one arm hugged her, as my hand slipped down her back and over her hip I tried to see if she had underwear on. But I couldn't tell, pretty sure she noticed my crude move though. She giggled as she sat down. 

"So..." I said losing myself in thought as she smiled back at me.

"So..." She responded. We both laughed a little.

"You look nervous", I commented, giving her a concerned look. 

"I just got off the phone with my husband" she started, "I told him I was dining alone...it felt weird, now I feel more weird" She took a nervous sip of her drink.

"Oh, wait, Did you assume this was a date?" I joked, laughing.

She nearly spit her drink out. "Noooooooo" she replied with a laugh. 

We talked throughout dinner, about growing up, education, work experience, typical things a you get to know someone. The first hour our conversation was completely devoid of the sexual undertones would dominate the rest of the night. She centered the conversation quickly.

"Look, I need to be honest Scott, I find you extremely attractive, and I really want to find out what's under that suit...but we're both married, and colleagues, I'm pregnant, this is complicated."

"Agreed," I said. "Let's take this one step at a time. You can lead the way." She seemed to relax again knowing there was no expectations from me.

We talked more, about our marriages, how we were both happy for the most part, but how they were both missing the passion we both needed. Up until now, I really hadn't given any thought to sleeping with someone else, and neither had she, but now here we sit just a few feet away with all the passion and desire to tear each other's clothes of and fuck like the depraved animals we both seemed to be. She told me that her husband hadn't even kissed her since the pregnancy started months ago, she was feeling terrible about herself and how she looked. I let her know that I thought she was beautiful, and incredibly sexy...pregnant belly and all. I told her how my sex life wasn't much better. We seemed to open up to each other about intimate details quickly. We shared things, we never told anyone else. Confiding in each other like lifelong best friends. But in reality, we were two desperate people so happy to find someone we had this secret in common with. It was a relief to learn there was someone else, just as sexually frustrated as I was.

I filled out the dinner slip charging it to my room, as I reached to put the folder near the center of the table, we both reached across the table and grasped hands for a moment. 

I looked at her and said "Let's take a walk".

"Great!" She said. 

We walked around the lake in the dim light, after a bit, I wrapped my arm around her and she me. We pulled each other close content to just walk and talk a bit more. I told her how she's been causing me to fantasize about her in the meeting today. She said she'd had wandering thoughts too while trying to instruct class. We'd walked most of the way around the big lake, standing on a cart path and watching the sun set with ducks landing on the water. She smiled and we stopped walking, turning to face each other. There was something in her eyes that told me it was safe to tell her anything.

"You know you made me hard in the middle of the meeting today." I stated.

"I've been walking around in soaking wet panties all day!" She exclaimed.

I looked at her, "prove it".

She looked at me quizzically for a second, then a devilish grin crossed her face. She quickly looked over her shoulder for anyone else on the course around lake, we were even far away from the restaurant. I watched her bend to slide her hands underneath her tight dress, she hooked her thumbs in the hips of her underwear and pulled them down her long legs, over her calves, and heels, and she held the tiny black thong up for inspection. I didn't even have to touch them, they dripped with her honey.

This was the sexiest move I've ever seen, and it consumed me with passion for her. This gorgeous woman had just shown me how much she desired me, and was now standing in front of me with no panties on under her dress. I no longer wanted a fantasy, I needed her, right now. I pulled her close and kissed her lips. She opened her mouth slightly and kissed me back, wrapping her arms around my neck pulling me closer. Our mouths opened further in our passionate embrace and our tongues swirled with each other sending electrical impulses throughout my body, but making my flesh throb in my pants. She moaned in my mouth as my hands slid down to grasp that perfect little ass I'd watched earlier as we continued to kiss. She did the same to me, and we both moaned into each other's mouths. As we pulled each other close, her pregnant belly pressed in between us, this seemed wrong on so many levels. But her kisses felt better than any I could remember, and neither one of us wanted to stop. My cock was straining against the fabric of my pants, pressed in between us and against her belly, I know she could feel it and seemed to grind herself against me. 

We kissed and kissed, like it was the very first kiss for both of us, so filled with passion and lustful abandon. Both of us were letting go of inhibitions, and stress. With one hand I left her ass and slid up her ribs and caressed one of her breasts through her dress. She moaned into my mouth again, I could feel her nipple stiffen against my touch through the fabric of her dress and bra. She slid a hand in between us and ran it the length of my erection, base to tip, then gripping it more urgently as our mouths continued their embrace.

She was the first to pull back breathlessly "We can't do this..." she pleaded.

"I know" I quickly responded wanting to agree, realizing how wrong this was for both of us.

"...here." she finished her sentence and with one word changed the entire meaning, and then smiled that same devilish grin.

We locked eyes again, thankfully, she wasn't ready to stop. Neither was I, I wanted her, needed her, in a more carnal way that I ever remembered needing anyone. I grabbed her hand and we walked quickly back towards the hotel.

We couldn't have gotten back to the hotel fast enough as I pushed the 'up' bottom for the elevator. We had a brief chance to stop and look at each other before the doors opened. The elevator was empty and we hustled inside and selected my floor. Pulling each other into another passionate kiss as the doors closed. My hands immediately went to her perfect ass and cupped it in my strong hands over her dress. She opened her mouth and forced her tongue in mine, and moaned as I kissed her back. I slid my hands lower to the backs of her bare thighs, sliding my hands back up, pulled her dress with them. Now cupping her bare ass she squirmed a little and ground her hips towards me. She wrapped her arms around my neck and as the doors opened again we took a second to stop our embrace. An older couple nearly walked on, this wasn't our floor, they saw us kissing and my hands on her exposed butt, I'd broken our kiss thinking we needed to get off the elevator, as I looked at them she kissed my neck. When I realized we were still on the wrong floor, I turned back to her. Noticing their disapproving looks as we kissed again, my hands never left her ass.
