 As winters hold on the area eased and an early spring brought forth its warmer days and bountiful blooms and leaves, I transitioned from my inside workouts to an evening bike ride. I much preferred a good hard thirty minute ride down the winding paved trail, with its parallel stream and shrubbery to look at, to riding my stationary bike in the workout room.

Calling it a paved trail is a bit of a misnomer. While the city calls it a walking and biking path, it's really a five foot wide concrete sidewalk that winds for miles alongside and across a winding stream bed. The "green space" is an important magnet for those who don't love the concrete jungle and it's a wonderful place to stroll, jog, or in my case, ride. I can drive to a parking area, unload my bike, and then ride any number of lengths of the trail as my desire and strength return.

It was a long and painful winter, spent trying to recover from a torn-up shoulder. The doc explicitly forbade exercise that would in any way strain my arm or shoulder, so riding the stationary bike was my only exercise. Even then, over exertion would cause me to breathe heavily which proved to be painful. It was almost six months before all the muscles and tendons had healed and I was once again allowed to exercise. In that time my fifty year old body had started turning into just that, an out of shape old man. 

It was now June and I was finally pulling my weight back down toward the one-eighty mark and my body started to actually feel in shape. My workout consisted of a dozen pushups, thirty or so sit ups and then thirty minutes on my bike or elliptical. I much preferred riding a nice seven mile loop for my thirty minute workout, enjoying the green scenery as well as some of the younger female scenery.

That's how I saw her; riding her ten speed in a set of spandex shorts and a sports bra, both soaked with sweat in the near ninety degree heat. I guessed that she was late thirties to early forties, but her body was lean and trim. She looked like she exercised quite regularly. As she eased her bike past me on a gentle curve I could see the sweat running down her face from under her riding helmet; trickling down her neck from under her blond hair, which swung back and forth in a pony tail that was doubled up to keep it off her back. 

She was hot, and no I don't mean just sweaty hot. I watched her butt and legs pumping like crazy for almost a half a mile as we climbed the long, steep grade along one stretch of trail, and then caught her looking back to see if I was still there as we coasted down the other side of the hill where the trail met up with the winding creek bottom again.

For the next two weeks it seemed like we hit the same stretch of trail at the same time, one of the two of us passing the other or on some occasions, flip flopping as we rode at almost the same average speed. I couldn't help but notice her wedding ring, as I was sure she had to have seen mine. It didn't seem to matter though, since we hadn't even talked, just kind of eyed each other as we rode. 

When I woke up that morning I had no idea that today was going to be different, and different it was. I hit the trail at my usual spot and started riding, expecting to see "bike girl", as I had started calling her. But I didn't see her. Usually by now she had come down this way, turned around at the five mile marker and was heading back. I guessed I had missed her, just a bit of bad timing. I was tempted to stop and wait a bit, something I admit I had done a few times if I was running a few minutes early. I made it a point to be at the four mile marker at exactly seven forty five, which had worked pretty well so far. Today....not so good. 

With the thought she wasn't coming today I took off; riding down my loop and working up a sweat. I passed the three mile mark and wound my way toward the two when I saw her. Not on her bike, but walking it.

"Hey. You ok?" I asked as I braked and drew to a stop next to her.

"Oh, hi. Yeah. Just a damn flat." She said disgustedly.

I swung off my bike and started walking along with her. "Pain in the butt. That's the only good thing about a stationary bike, no flats."

"Yeah, but there isn't much scenery either." She added.

"Nope. Or beautiful women to ogle over." I said with a grin.

I looked over and saw her blushing slightly as she walked. "I wouldn't call what I look like this way very beautiful."

"Oh...You know what they say. Beauty is in the eye of the beholder." 

She blushed a bit more at that comment. "Not particularly good smelling either. Just sweat and dirt." She said, crinkling up her nose.

"Yeah, I probably reek." I told her.

"Oh I wasn't talking about you. I was talking about me. I can't smell too good right about now." 

"Ahhh. Well, some guys are turned on by sweaty women." 

"They are?"

"Uh huh." I said with a grin.

"And let me guess. You're one of those?"

"Could be." I said with a shrug.

"Why in God's name would you be turned on by sweaty woman? I mean we're slimy and sticky and smell bad."

"Yeah. That's one way to look at it." I answered with a chuckle.

"You mean there's another way?"

"Oh yeah. Where you see disgusting sweat I see a little bead of sweat collecting and slowly running down between your full round breasts, trickling down between them and then running down your stomach. A wet drip to be used to draw circles on your firm stomach before blowing across it to chill it and make you shiver." I said, looking sideways to see what kind of a reaction I got.

She walked along, staring at me in silence, her jaw hanging partly open in surprise. 

"Well... Hosed that one." I thought to myself.

"You know. I don't think I've ever heard sweating described as a sexual act, but you certainly made it sound like one." She said with a little frown on her face.

"Sorry." I said quietly, hoping that she didn't decide that I was trying to verbally molest her.

"Oh, it's ok. Just caught a bit off guard. It was kind of interesting to hear." She said after a few more moments of quiet. "I guess I'm a little surprised that a guy would find a sweaty body sexy."

"Oh very sexy! I love to play with sweaty breasts. I'd hook my fingers under the front of your bra and pull it up until it was hooked over the tops of both breasts. I'd start kissing slowly around your breasts, planting soft wet kisses around and around your soft breasts, following each kiss with a little lick and then a soft gentle breath to cool it. I'd taste your salty sweat as I work my kisses closer and closer to your hard nipples before finally running my tongue around and around each one before sucking them into my mouth and flicking my tongue back and forth across 'em." I said quietly, not wanting anyone else walking or running by to hear what I just said.

She walked along silently, staring straight ahead, not saying a word for almost a quarter of a mile. "Damn. You sound as good as a romance novel." She finally answered quietly. "I bet you could get almost any woman turned on with that silver tongue."

"Glad you liked it. Can I include you in that any woman category?" I asked with a little sigh of relief. 

"Maybe. You know you haven't even seen my breasts, so how do you know you'd want to suck my nipples? I got the distinct impression you were talking about sucking MY nipples. You were, weren't you?"

"Well." I said hesitantly. Yeah, I was."

"Sounds like you've been playing the fantasy game." She said without looking at me.

I guess I've tried to visualize what you'd look like out of those sports bra's you wear."

"Oh really?" She asked, looking over at me curiously.

"Maybe a little." I said with a shrug.

She looked me and down while we walked, her eyes finally settling on my shorts before looking back forward and grinning. "Looks like a whole lot more than little to me."

I looked down and saw my shorts tented out by my hard cock and blushed a little at the obviousness of my hard on.

"So tell me. What else do you like about sweaty women besides their sweaty tits?" She asked, looking at me out of the corner of her eye and clearly trying to suppress a smile.

"Gee. Let's see. I love how slippery your skin would be. I'd stand in front of you, your tits pressing against my chest, and slide my hands down your sides, letting my fingers gently tease until they reached the top of your shorts. I'd slide my thumbs into the waistband and start pushing down, slowly peeling the spandex down and exposing more and more of your sexy skin. I wouldn't stop pushing until I had them peeled down to your knees, which would leave you completely naked from above your sexy tits all the way down to your thighs. I'd start caressing you, sliding my fingers up your thighs to your stomach and back down again, tracing four gentle lines with each hand, and just pressing hard enough to make little dimples at my fingertips. I'd keep stroking up and down, each time moving slightly farther between your thighs until my fingertips rubbed right along your soft pussy, sliding on your sweaty skin and teasing the edges of your sexy lips."

"Mmmmmmm that does sound kind of sexy. You do seem to like to tease a woman's body." She said, looking straight along the path again and not at me.

"Oh yeah, and I haven't even gotten to sliding my fingers between your soft lips and letting it bounce over your hard exposed clit." I said softly, not wanting the runner passing us to overhear my comment.

"Uhhhh, I think you better stop there." She said with a surprised little choke.

"You don't like the idea?" I asked quietly.

She looked over at me and lifted her left hand, wiggling her fingers to make sure I saw the ring on her hand. 

"Uh huh. I saw. Doesn't mean I can't flirt." I answered, feeling a little deflated at her sudden change in reaction.

"If that's flirting I'd hate to see you being seductive." She said, still not looking at me, but looking at the paved trail ahead.

"Oh. I'm sure I can make it more than worth your while." I said with a grin.

"At ease. " She said sternly. I closed my mouth and walked beside her, the two of us walking our bikes in silence the last quarter mile of this section to where it intersected a road. "I think this is where we split. I go this way. I only live a few blocks up here." She said motioning up the intersecting road.

"I could walk you all the way." I told her.

"No, that definitely isn't a good idea. But I do have one question. How is it you know I don't have any underwear on?"

I grinned and waited a few seconds before answering. "Actually, I suspected it because I've followed you enough and never saw any lines under the spandex. You just confirmed it for me though." 

"Uhhhh." She said shaking her head and rolling her eyes. "Walked right into that one didn't I?" 

"Uh huh." I answered as she started to walk away up the street. "Hey. You know I never got your name!" I called after her.

"Emily!" She called over her shoulder. "Yours?" 

"Mike!" I called after her. 

She gave a little wave over her shoulder as she walked away, obviously terminating the discussion.

I watched her walk up to the next corner and turn without looking back. I hopped on and rode back to my truck to head home, my cock rock hard the whole time thinking about out flirty discussion. 

The next day was a huge disappointment. Not because of Emily, but because a small pop-up thunder storm decided to wash out our usual time. I stood in the living room staring out at the rain, frustration welling up inside me. Of course I couldn't let it show. I had to look as if everything were perfectly normal. I retired to the workout room and tried to vent my frustrations on the elliptical.

Fortunately the rain delay lasted only one day and the next evening found me sitting on my bike at the usual place, pretending to drink while I waited for Emily to come by. I waited, and waited, and waited. The longer I waited the more I wondered if I had stepped across the line with her and she was avoiding me. I had my water bottle stowed and was almost ready to take off when she came whipping around the corner and riding at full tilt past me.

"Catch me if you can!" Emily shouted over her shoulder.

"What the hell?" I asked myself as I got up on my pedals and started accelerating after her. 

She managed to stay a little ahead of me, her legs pumping hard up the slopes and not slowing down as she went down the gentle hills, clearly trying to stay ahead of me. By the time we hit the turnaround point I was sweating like crazy and my chest was heaving. Yeah, I was definitely out of shape.

"Well?" She asked as she got off her bike, her own chest heaving from the effort.

"Well what?" I asked breathlessly.

"I'm disappointed. I would have thought you were more observant." She said as she leaned on her bike. "Stop me when you figure it out." She continued, turning and swinging her leg over her bike. She gave me a quick smile a she accelerated away. 

"Damn." I panted, turning my bike around and quickly climbing on. Fortunately she wasn't riding as fast this time, but fast enough I had to work to catch up, which I finally did.

"Well, hello." She said with a smile as I pulled up alongside her.

"Hey there. I hate to ask, but could you slow down just a tad?" I asked breathlessly.

"Slow down? I thought you liked your women sweaty!" She asked teasingly.

"Yeah. But it's hard to enjoy one when you're in the midst of a heart attack." I answered back.

"All you have to do is tell me what changed and I'll be happy to stop." She said with a laugh.

"Oh that's easy. You changed workout clothes. You've got shorter shorts and I'm pleased to say, you're not wearing a sports bra for a change." 

"You did notice!" She answered with a smile.

"You expected me not to?" I panted, my eyes practically glued to the sweat soaked top. Her hard nipples were clearly defined by the clingy material, shaped much like a halter top. Other than a wide band around her back and a strap around her neck, her back was bare and the deep cut V in the front dove down between her large round breasts until the two wide triangles met at her ribcage. This was the first time I had ever actually seen how large her breasts were, and I was quite pleased to see that they were more than a good handful. I was simply unable to tear my eyes from the trickles of sweat that were running down over her breasts to soak into the top and also running down between her sexy round globes. 

"So I take it you like what you see?" She asked after giving me several seconds to enjoy the view.

"Very much. Nice shorts too." I said as I leaned over my bike to support me while I tried to catch my breath. "I like your legs. Very sexy!"

"Yea? Didn't know you were a leg man." She said, twisting herself as she stood straddling her bike, flashing me her tight round ass in what I would call "boy shorts", the waistband running low across her hips and the end of each spandex leg running only six or so inches down her thighs instead of the longer than knee length workout pants she usually wore.

"Oh yeah. Legs, butt, breasts and of course pussies." I whispered with a grin. "Thanks for showing more. You have no idea how much it's appreciated."

"Oh I think I can get a little idea." She said with a wink.

I looked down at my shorts and saw that they were tented out significantly and gave her a crooked grin and little shrug. "What can I say? I like what I see. Can't wait to see more."

"More? What is it with you men? A girl gives you a little shot of cleavage and next thing you want is for her to pop her top for you? Geez!" She said, putting a foot on her pedal and sliding up on her seat to take off.

"Sorry. Didn't mean to insult you or anything. Just wanted to make it clear that I was enjoying what you were showing and wanted you to know it was appreciated." I said quickly.

"Oh. I see. So it's all about looks is it? Flash a little leg, a little tit and you flush your brains? What happened to the sexy silver tongued devil from the other day?" She said as she pushed on the pedal and launched away from me.

"Damn. Fucked that up." I said to myself as I rolled my own pedal back to start and launched after her, accelerating quickly to catch up. I had managed to catch up in a hundred yards or so and pulled alongside her. "I'm sorry. I wasn't trying to be stupid or anything." I shouted.

She looked over at me for several seconds without saying anything before her frown broke into a small smile. "Forgiven." She said simply.

"Good. My turn to lead!" I said as I pulled out in front of her, looking back to see if she would follow. She flashed me a smile of acknowledgement as I looked back at her.

I knew this path before it was a popular walking and biking path. The creek bottom here is where it is because the intermittent floods of water had scoured it down to bedrock in many places, leaving a long flat bottomed bed that was as narrow as five or six feet and as wide as thirty. All along the stream grew a variety of trees and bushes, which this time of year shielded most of the creek from the walking path. In some places the creek bottom had scoured down through a hillside so that the walking path had to leave the creek to meander its own route while the paved path went over or around a small hill. It was in these places that small dirt tracks broke off from the walking trail and led down to the secluded creek. 

I knew a number of these places from having done some geocaching in the area, and had one in particular in mind at the moment. A path that led to a sharp little S curve in the stream that I had discovered, creating a very secluded little spot.

I looked behind me to see if she was going to follow as I departed the paved trail and rode down the narrow dirt path that headed toward the stream bed. She hesitated a moment and then followed me down the rough trail. 

"Where are you taking me?" She called.

"You'll see." I called back as I wound around the hillside following one of several branches off the dirt track, this one leading to the spot I had in mind. I slowed down and got off, waiting for her to catch up.

"So what are we doing here?" She asked, as she stopped and swung off her bike.

"Just want to show you something." I answered, walking my bike into a small gap in the trees and pushing through a few bushes. The dirt path dipped down a small cut in the otherwise steep sided creek bed and opened out onto a large flat expanse of limestone bedrock, a small winding rivulet of the stream running across it. Down in the bottom we were secluded from sight from the walking path by the heavy green growth along the top of the five foot high sides. Along the creek bottom we were in the middle of the S curve, with made our little section relatively blocked from the rest of the creek bed.

"Wow. This is a nice little hidey hole! Should I be concerned about being alone here with you?" She asked, titling her head questioningly.

"Oh. That depends I suppose. If you don't want to hear me tell you how wonderfully sexy you look in that workout outfit, or how soft and round your breasts look in that top, then maybe you should be concerned." I said as I set the kickstand of my bike and then turned to step over to her. I took her bike from her and set the kickstand and then reached my right hand for her left, hooking one of her fingers with one of mine and drawing her slowly out into the middle of the creek bed.

"So. Would you like to hear how absolutely spectacular that outfit makes you look?" I said quietly, my voice barely above a whisper. 

"Yes." She said hesitantly, a slight waver in her soft voice.

"I love the way the sweat soaked material clings to your soft round breasts, how your hard nipples poke the material out to make two sensual peaks." I said as I reached out with my left hand, our two fingers still hooked together with my right. I reached up to where the loop of material appeared from around her neck and gently began to stroke my finger down the saturated material, slowly drawing it down toward her breast. 
