 The day I met Jen, who would later become my personal trainer and lover, was when I did something I both hated and needed to do. I joined a gym. At 48, I wasn't in the worst shape of my life but certainly not the best. My job kept my busy and on my feet a lot, but my growing midsection and love handles made me mildly disgusted whenever I glanced at my body in the long bathroom mirror.

So, I bought one of those free trial memberships at my local gym. Bought a new pair of lightweight gray workout shorts and a loose tanktop. Wore my worn but comfortable trainers on my feet. But soon after I entered the main area of the place, taking in all those weight machines along with many musclebound, in-shape men (and quite a few attractive women in tight outfits), I felt way out of my league.

As I ambled around trying to decide where to start first, a voice broke me out of my mind numbing daze.

"Hey there. Trying to figure out where to start, huh?"

I turned my head and saw the smiling, friendly face of a young woman sitting on the bench of a machine mainly used for upper body exercises. Hair dark brown or auburn hair was pulled back into a cute ponytail. Her eyes sparkled brilliant blue, as did the light sheen of sweat along her cheeks and forehead, and exposed area of her chest visible above her tight gray workout bra. I also noticed she wore equally tight workout shorts. It didn't take me long to realize she was in very good shape, toned and muscular without being unfeminine. 

I tried not to stare...too long. Cleared my throat. 

"That obvious, huh?"

She nodded but was still grinning. "We all gotta start somewhere. I'm Jen."

I shook the proffered hand, her grip strong and not too greasy with sweat.

"Nice to meet you, Jen." And I gave her my name.

"If you need help getting started or need someone to show you around, I'm happy to help."

And that was how it began.

But that day and for the next two weeks, I showed up 3 days a week-Monday, Wednesday, and Friday-and she was there to guide me. My nervousness evaporated, and while I'd been sore for days, I'll be honest. I was mostly showing up to see her. And it appeared to me that she had interest as well. It wasn't overt but whenever we made eye contact I could feel that invisible crackle of sexual tension between us. Numerous times I'd witnessed one of the meat heads (as I'd come to call them) saunter up to Jen, making small talk, to which she'd politely retort, but it was obvious she wasn't there to hook up with them. 

On Friday, halfway through my workout, and before we enjoyed an after workout smoothie at a nearby cafe/bookstore, I jokingly said, "You're pretty good at this, Jen. You should do this for a living."

"Already do," she replied. "I teach PE in elementary school."

Later, we'd sipped banana strawberry smoothies and discovered a mutual love of reading, especially horror, and she'd been equally impressed, or more so, that I'd written and published some of my own. Being with her felt easy and natural. And the sexual attraction continued to smolder.

Before that day at her house, I'd discovered she was recently single, as was I but not recently. I hadn't dated in years and sex had been a while, good sex even longer. I felt my erection whenever we had quiet, intimate moments close together but did my best to hide the sudden bulge. Once, I thought Jen spotted it but I covered up with a towel for wiping off sweat. She had blushed...and looked both adorable and sexy as fuck, sweaty and hot. But that was probably why...not my obvious hardon.

During the end of my 2nd week, she asked, " So, are you gonna officially join and keep coming here?"

I nodded. "Maybe, I suppose. If you'll be my workout buddy. I'm still not 100% sure what I'm doing, but you've been a terrific help, Jen."

She smiled radiantly. "That's sweet, thanks." She paused, then said, "You know...I have one of those home gym things I haven't used in years. Long before I started coming here, and I've tried to pawn it off but no one wants it. It folds up and you can hide it away. You're off to a great start and something like that would do what you wanted to accomplish, if you dedicated yourself to it. And watched your diet."

"I see how you are," I teased. "Trying to get rid of me already."

"Yeah, right...but seriously, it's yours if you want it. It would probably fit in the trunk or backseat of your car. Come over and check it out later," she said, shrugging. She wiped sweat from her face and I wondered what her sweat would taste like. My cock throbbed. Not the first time I'd entertained thoughts of her naked. I'd probably masturbate in the shower later thinking she was in there with me.

But I said, "Okay thanks...sounds good, Jen."

"Wanna go see it now?" She smiled and winked at me. Jesus, was that such an obvious flirtatious invitation? 

My heart and cock thudded. I think my mouth fell open and I'm fairly certain I stuttered a reply. 

"Maybe I'll let you take me for a test drive," she added. 

I'm fairly certain Jen said "take it for a test drive" but my horny brain switched it to the pronoun. We'd flirted more openly via emails and text messages lately since I'd sent her some of my horror stories to read. 

"Promises, promises," I said. But I tried not to stare at her legs and ass as she got up, turned to me, and said, "Let's go now."

Fuck yes! I cheered silently, but outwardly tried not to seem overly eager.

The drive to Jen's house took ten minutes and I was hard the whole time as I followed her in my car. Ironically, we lived only a few miles from each other. As I pulled into the driveway I'd managed to quell the fire in my sweatpants to half hard. Her house was small but cozy, and I'd immediately noticed the bookshelf off to the side of the living room full of mostly horror fiction hardcovers and many well worn paperbacks. 

"Told you I was a fan," she quipped. "The gym machine is in my garage, along with other junk, but wanna beer?" She walked into the open kitchen, putting her purse down on the counter and opening the fridge. "I got Yuengling Light."

"Sounds good."

We sat on the couch next to the bookshelf and made small talk, our knees sometimes brushing and the sexual energy between us was so heavy and thick you could cut it with a knife.

At one point, maybe fifteen, twenty minutes into our conversation, she reached over to take the bottle from my hands, setting them down onto the coffee table. I just stared, unsure what to say to the sudden, mildly aggressive move. 

Then Jen turned to me, leaned forward and wrapped her toned, muscular arms around my body, pulling me into her.

"Fucking wanted to do this since I met you," she muttered in a low, husky tone. Our lips met not tentatively but hungrily, and I might've uttered, in between breaths, "Oh fuck yes, me too!"

We kissed and allowed our hands to explore, our tongues licking and sucking with abandon. At one point, face flushed as I'm sure mine was, Jen pulled away. Her hand had brushed over the hard straining tip of my swollen cockhead under my sweatpants and I groaned.

Kicking off her sneakers, Jen stood up and removed her workout bra. Next she slipped off her skintight shorts to reveal her naked and mostly shaved pussy. Her breasts were more than a handful and capped with small but hard nipples I desperately wanted to suck and lick and nibble them. Her skin was mostly pale, but not overly so, peppered here and there with freckles. My hungry gaze found hers and before I could start to undress, she knelt before me to tug off my trainers and pants. My cock pressed up against my gray boxer briefs with a thick, full bulge. She tugged them down as I lifted my ass, tossing them away. Her hands rubbed my thighs and pushed them apart, blue eyes locked with mine.

Hands caressing my heavy shaved balls, Jen gripped me gently, stroking my taut, vein-threaded length. Then with a low moan, she lowered her mouth and devoured me.

To say Jen was more than good at oral sex would be an understatement. Sucking and licking with the exact amount of pressure, alternately using her hands, nearly had me cumming in her mouth in less than a minute. Through half-lidded, lust-filled eyes, I could see her remove one hand to rub her pussy. I didn't want to cum so soon, so I grabbed her arms and pulled her up onto my lap and we kissed, my meaty, saliva and precum sl88ickened erection stabbing against her midsection. 

"Want to taste you, Jen," I growled seductively, and she pushed me down on the cushions, and reversed her body on hands and knees. Her beautiful, shapely ass was inches from my face, her feet on either side of my shoulders.

Oh fuck yes, I thought in pure sexual hunger, 69 me, baby!

Grabbing her hips, I pulled her into me as I felt her hands grasp my turgid member and continue her extremely deft oral ministrations. I pushed my face into her drenched pussy, my tongue delving between her swollen pinkish-red folds, tasting, probing. I could feel Jen feverishly sucking on me and while it felt so incredibly good, my focus was on her. My lips sucked greedily on her fleshy labia lips, sucking hard and loving how she tasted, then swirled my tongue over her clit. She writhed and undulating her hips, I knew she'd come soon. My own tremendous orgasm wasn't very far off, either.

I slipped a finger, then two, inside her tight but very wet pussy as I continued licking her swollen nub, more quickly now, as she rapidly moved her luscious mouth up and down my throbbing hard cock.

We both exploded in orgasm at the same time, bodies jerking, grunting and crying out as she kept her mouth on me as I spurted over and over again, and I pressed my tongue tip against her clit as she gushed in my face with her creamy sweet fluids, my two fingers buried deep...

We collapsed in sweat but satiated tangle of limbs. Lay there for a while until our heart rates slowed, then she reached over for both beer bottles. Handed me mine, we clicked them together and Jen said wryly, "Cheers!"

We finished our beers, and Jen placed both empties on the table, and I was hard again. She grinned wickedly and straddled me, raising her hips as she reached down to guide me inside.

Looking down at me, she purred, "Now how about you give my wet pussy a workout with that sexy cock?"

Reaching around to grasp her ass and thrusting up, with great relish, I obliged.