 I looked up and down the roads and saw no change from when I was last there. Every thing looked the same as it did when I left ten years before. Restaurant, two convenience stores, that was still the whole town. This little forgotten corner of Florida had been my whole world for most of my life. 

I got out of the cab and paid the driver and hobbled to the door of the store. I entered and looked around. Nothing had changed. I looked at the man behind the counter. He was staring at me. I walked over and looked in his eyes and said, "Hi! Timmy, how are ya?"

"Son of a bitch, Billy Thompson! You look like Hell, boy."

"Timmy, you look good! How are things going?"

"Same old, same old. Not much has changed here. You look different, been through the wringer, looks like."

"You have that right, Tim. Still have some patches to be put on yet. Have you seen Mom lately?"

"Yeah, she was in the other day. She doesn't get around as much since your dad passed away. Where is your stuff?"

"In Ocala, I got a Motel there." I can't drive yet so I need to be able to get cabs."

"Damn, Billy, all you had to do was call and I would have picked you up. You are a big Hero here. Our most famous son. Hell, our only famous son."

"Thanks, Tim, that won't buy you a cup of coffee anywhere else. I appreciate the offer though. I think I can make it to Mom's with out any trouble. I really need to practice walking more."

"There is no one to watch the store or I would run you over there."

"I can make it OK, Tim. Thanks for the thought."

I started down the road and after a few hundred yards I was glad it was a cool day. My bad leg was hurting like hell already. I was watching for somewhere I could sit and rest. I heard a vehicle coming up behind me. It squealed to a stop behind me. 

"Wait, Billy, Wait." I turned and was almost knocked off my feet by a small female form grabbing me and sobbing my name as she hugged me very tight.

I looked down into blue eyes I knew as well as my own. "Megan! Megan, is it really you?"

"OH! Billy, Billy, Tim called and said you were in town and I rushed over. Can I give you a ride?"

"Megan, I thought you had moved away from here and I heard you were married and had a child shortly after I left."

She looked up at me. "You don't know? I wrote you time after time and got no answers. I never heard a word back. They said you didn't care. I just gave up on you after a couple of years." 

"Megan, I wanted to die, I couldn't stand being away from you. You know I was arrested and convicted of statutory rape for making love to you while you were only seventeen. I was given a choice of going in the service or going to jail. I took the service because the judge made a part of the sentence that if I contacted you in any way the jail term would be enforced and doubled. I never heard another word about you from anyone until a few years ago. I ran into George Brumton and he told me you were married and had a kid and had moved away. Let me look at you. You are still the most beautiful girl I have ever seen." Tears ran down my cheeks. She was really lovely.

She looked up and I saw tears in her eyes too. She said, "That is all you heard?"

"Yes, that's it. I did try to call you several times but your Mom and Dad always answered the phone. Then the number was changed. I wrote you a letter and gave you my address, but I never got an answer."

"Billy, will you please do me a big favor?"

"Sure, Megan, anything in my power."

"Will you please kiss me."

"I would love that more than anything." I pulled her gently to me and softly pressed my lips to hers. I felt her lips part and mine followed suit. Her tongue brushed mine and it was as if a electric shock went through me. ZAP! I tingled from head to toe. Wow! She pushed me away and stared at me. I shook my head, "Holy Cow, what hit me?"

She grinned, "Me too!" 

She stepped back to me and put her arms around me. "Please kiss me again. I need to be sure."

I kissed her again and was astounded by the surge of passion that flowed from that kiss too!

"Billy, Thank you, now I know."

"You know what?"

"I know I still love you, and I am almost positive you feel the same way about me."

"Megan, you are absolutely right. I never want to let you out of my sight again, but I guess your husband wouldn't like that."

"I'm not married. That only lasted about a year. He was a real looser. How about you? You must have married, you are a handsome hunk. You look bigger and stronger."

"Never found anyone to interest me that much. I still dream about you. Made it real hard for anyone else to interest me."

"Oh, Billy, Billy, I have the same problem. I still love you with all my heart."

"No this isn't right, look at me, I am a wreck. You need a real man, not a cripple. I can't do that to you. It just wouldn't be fair to you."

"Billy, I love you. I would rather be with the man I love than with anyone else."

"Well, I guess so. I have to go see my mom. Then we have to sit down and have a long talk and figure out what we want to do."

"I'll go with you to see your mom. She has always been very sweet to me. I love her. She would often whisper to me that you were all right. She seemed to be afraid to say more." 

"I guess she was afraid they would send me to jail."

"Was there ever a trial or anything? I kept expecting there to be a trial. I was going to swear that it was my fault."

"Honey, in a case of statutory rape the person who is an adult is guilty no matter what the minor did. I couldn't see anyway I was going to drag you into court, I wouldn't stand for that. I told everyone I was guilty and that I forced you to have sex with me."

"No wonder Daddy hated you."

"Basically it was true. I was old enough to know better. I was the one who did wrong. And there was no way I was going to let you take any blame. I would have killed myself first. Thank God you weren't pregnant."

"You really don't know do you?"

"Know what?"

"I WAS pregnant. My child is your son."

"WHAT!"

"Yes, Dearest man, you are a daddy. His name is William Murphy Thompson. He is nine years old and is a very nice boy. I love him to death."

"Where is he? I can't believe this. I'm a father?"

"He will be coming home from school in about an hour." 

"Does he know about me?"

"Yes, he does. When you were in all the papers and on TV every day I had to tell him he had a father he could be very, very proud of. It really helped his self esteem. All the other boys bragged about their fathers and for years he had to just keep his mouth shut, now he has a father to brag about. He still gets a lot of grief because some of the boys don't believe him."

"I have a uniform with me in my stuff. I will put it on and walk into the school holding his hand if he will let me."

"Oh! Would you?"

"Of course. This place hasn't changed much, we have been standing in the road for half an hour and not a single car has come by. I love it."

"We have to go see your Mom for a while, but I desperately need a kiss before we go."

I reached eagerly for her and held her close to me. I pressed my open lips to hers and our tongues met and I just couldn't get enough of her. I don't know how long we kissed but I looked up and there was a line of cars behind hers and I turned and there were five cars behind me. We moved so they could get by. All the drivers waved and grinned at us.

I got in her little truck and she took me to see my mother. It had been a long time and she had aged a lot. She cried and then laughed when she saw Megan behind me. "It didn't take the two of you long to get back together did it?"

"No Mom it didn't. I still love her."

"Did she tell you about your son?"

"Yes, she did, how long have you known?"

"I guessed about four years ago. He looks exactly like you did as a boy. No one has ever told me. Everyone always thought he was Frank's son, but it didn't add up."

Mom went to get us some iced tea and we snuck in a kiss or two while she was gone. When she came back she handed me a picture. "Do you want to see what your son looks like." She handed me a picture of a nice looking boy with a big smile on his face.

Megan took the picture and looked at it closely, "Where did you get this, I have never seen it before."

"No you haven't Dear, it is a picture of Billy when he was nine. Do you see why I knew?"

"My God, they are exactly alike. I would never have known it wasn't Willie. Billy I have to go pick up Willie, he will be home soon. What shall I do? Go pick him up and tell him his father is home or what? Do you want to wait here? I can bring him here to meet you and his grandmother?"

"I don't really want to let you out of my sight, but it would give me a chance to visit with Mom and for you to tell your son his Daddy is here."

"Kiss me and I will go get him, I love you." 

"I don't know how I lived without you, please drive carefully and hurry back to me."

"I will Darling."

My mother and I had a nice visit, I missed my Dad and Mom did too. She admitted she was having problems keeping the place up. I told her I would help her as much as I could. I still had to go back to the Washington, D.C. area for more operations on my leg. I had plenty of money to get her help. I knew Megan would help me look after her.

We heard the truck pull in the drive. I stood and watched Megan get out and a boy got out the passenger side door. He hung back a little, I couldn't blame him, it had to be scary for him to meet a long lost father. It was sort of scary for me. I got my cane and walked out the door to meet them. I shook his hand and told Megan to go sit with my mother. I told him, "You and I have to have some man to man talk. Will you walk out back with me?"

He nodded and we went toward the old barn. "Have you been here before?"

"No, sir. Never." 

"Let's sit here on this old bench and get things straight between us. We are father and son. We don't know each other from Adam, do we?" He shook his head. "Let me tell you my side of how this came to be. I was only a little older than you are when I first met your Mom. She was the prettiest girl I had ever seen. She paid no attention to me at all. That went on for several years. She went with all the big hero football stars. I was afraid to even talk to her. I thought she was the most beautiful and most stuck up and conceited girl in the world." Willie grinned at me. "I just worshiped her from afar. She was way above me. Then one night at a dance she walked up to me and asked me to dance with her. I wasn't a good dancer but I gave it my best shot. She looked up at me with those blue eyes and asked me why I was so stuck up and wouldn't talk to her. I didn't know what to say, so I told her the truth. After that we started going steady. We went together for over a year. I started doing much better in my classes because I wanted her to be proud of me. I graduated first in my class. She was a year behind me. I won a scholarship to the university at Gainesville. By then I was so much in love with your mother I couldn't bear the thought of being away from her. We cried together for hours. One thing led to another and we made love. Do you know what I mean?" He nodded that he did. "Anyway her father caught us. There was Hell to pay. She was still a minor and I was an adult. To make along story short I was charged with rape. I was given a choice, never see your mother again, and go to prison for five years or never see your mother again and join the Marines. If I ever even contacted her I would go to jail for the ten years. What could I do? I didn't know about you until today. I am still in love with your mother. I want very much to be a part of your life from now on. We have missed a lot about being a father and son but I want us to try and learn all we can about each other. I promise I will never lie to you. I will always be there for you. I really and truly want to be a real father for you no matter what happens between your mother and I. I know that I will have to earn your trust just as you will have to earn mine. Are you willing to give it a try?"

"Yes, I would like that. Sir."

"Would you like to shake hands on that?"

"Oh! Yes I would."

We shook hands and I could not resist giving him a hug, he hugged me back. It gave me a real warm feeling.

Megan looked anxiously at us as we walked in the house. I looked at Willie and winked at him so she couldn't see it. I looked at Megan and said, "Dear lady, your son and I have decided to try living together as father and son. If you are a good girl we may let you hang out with us now and then."

"What?"

Willie started giggling and couldn't stop. Megan stared at us like we were crazy. Then Willie said, "I like my Daddy a lot. How about you, Mom.?" She smiled at me and I knew I could never leave her again. "Yes son, I like him a lot too!"

She walked to me and put her little hands on either side of my face and kissed me. She whispered, "Will you marry me?"

I looked at her. I looked at Willie. "Son, your Mother wants me to marry her, would that be all right with you?"

"We would be a real family then wouldn't we?"

"Yes we sure would, I would love that."

"Me too Daddy."

"Me too, guys, I love both of you."

Mom clapped her hands and said, "Oh! That would be wonderful. Can I hug and kiss my grandson now?"

Willie walkover to Mom and looked at her, "You have always been my Grandmother haven't you?"

"Yes Willie I have, But I wasn't sure about it."

"Momma knew, why didn't she tell you?"

"You have to ask her, I am sure she had a very good reason."

Megan looked at the two of them. "I will discuss that with you all later. I just want to savor the feeling I have now at seeing your father. I can think of nothing but him."

I had a chance to really look at Megan. She had always been beautiful but now she was a little more mature. Her bust was a bit larger. Her hair was still very long and gorgeous and framed a flawless face. Her smile lit the whole room. She was still tiny, about five feet even and she might top one hundred pounds.

"Oh! I have to call and get off work tonight. May I use your phone, please Mrs. Thompson?" Mom said yes, and pointed to the phone. Megan talked for a few minutes and rejoined us. 

"All taken care of," she grinned at me.

Damn! She was delightful when she smiled at me. It made me tingle just like when I was eighteen years old. I knew I would probably be putty in this girl's hands. I wanted to be anything wanted me to be. I kissed Mom good night and we dropped Willie off at Megan's aunt's house where he stayed when she worked nights. She drove me into town to get my stuff. I loved riding with her. I got to look at her all the way. I couldn't find a flaw anywhere.

Then we hit a snag. I asked her what kind of work she did. I saw a tear run down her cheek, it scared the hell out of me. She didn't say anything. Then she sighed, "I am a dancer. No, I dance as a stripper in a club on I-75."

"What?"

"Please listen before you jump to the wrong conclusion. I am NOT a whore. I don't let anyone touch me. I do lap dances but I do them with shorts on. I was never able to graduate from High School because I had Willie. One of the girls told me about her job and I looked into it. Where else can a dumb gal like me make a thousand dollars a week take home in four afternoons and one night? I do dance totally nude but I don't even think about it anymore. Please don't hate me. I don't do anything wrong. Girls show almost as much in the thong bikinis all over the beaches and pools."

"I am in no position to sit in judgment on you Megan. I can't say anything except that I would love to watch you work one time before you quit."

"You would?"

"Yes, but I warn you, I am a very jealous guy. I think I could handle it one time if I were there. I know I would go crazy sitting at home while you did that. I just couldn't handle it."

"If it bothers you I will quit. All the men in town who know what I do think I am a whore and offer me money for sex. I can't do that. I have never stolen from anyone, or hurt anyone, or sold my body to anyone. If you can't handle having people think you are marrying a hooker, we either have to move or forget it now." Tears ran down her cheeks. She pulled over to the side of the road and really wept. I couldn't stand that. I put my hand on her shoulder and patted it while I begged her to stop crying. She looked over at me and I handed her my clean handkerchief. I said, "Megan, I love you. Nothing can ever change that. If you want to keep dancing, I will still love you. I won't like it or understand it, but I will always love you."

She cried harder than ever.

"Please, please don't cry. I hate it when you cry. Please."

She sniffled and jerked a couple times and tried to smile at me. It was so pitiful I cried myself. 

"Billy, I love you with every fiber of my being. I never want to dance again except for you."

"Megan, I love you too! I am getting very tired and I need to lie down for a bit."

"Is your poor leg hurting you?"

"Yes, I am afraid I was on it too much today. I am worried I won't be able to make it to the room."

"I'll hurry, Dear. I can help you, I am stronger than I look. I get a lot of exercise dancing."

"That is the Motel ahead on the right. Turn in the first entry and stay right and go down the building on your left. Room 127."

"Here it is Dear, give me your key and I'll get the door open for you." She ran and opened the door then hurried back to me. 

I said , "Wait, I have a wheel chair in the room. Get that for me please."

She was back in a moment and put the chair next to the truck door for me. I told her I would use the truck door to help me get out and she could put the chair under me when I was ready. It worked really well. My arms were still strong and as long as I had something to grip I could sling the lower part around pretty well. She stood back as I wheeled the chair over the threshold and into the room.

"Please forgive the mess. I was anxious to get home and all I did was change clothes."

She kneeled in front of me and took my hands. "I think you should lie on the bed and rest until you feel better. What can I do to help you?"

"I can do it by myself. Watch, if I can get hold of the head board and get my best leg on the floor I can get in the bed pretty easily. See, I'm on the bed. Nothing got broken! I kicked my shoes off and undid my pants and belt. Megan helped me slide out of them and hung them over a chair. She pushed me on my back and unbuttoned my shirt. She rubbed her hands over my chest and kissed my nipples. Damn it felt good. I sat up and she pulled my shirt off my arms and body. Soon I lay on the bed wearing nothing but my boxers Megan looked down and saw the bulge in my under shorts and grinned at me. She pulled her blouse over her head and unbuttoned her jeans, and slid them down her butt, wiggling to get them over her hips. She stood before me in her panties and bra, looking into my eyes. She turned around and reached back and unhooked her bra and then hooked her thumbs in the waist of her panties and pulled them down. She turned back around and I saw her in her full glory for the first time. She was just perfect. She smiled at me and crawled on the bed and asked me to raise up while she pulled my drawers off. She threw them on a chair and kneeled and looked at my erection. She looked up and grinned at me. "He is just as beautiful as I remembered." She slipped up beside me and kissed me deeply on my lips. She loved my whole face, kissing and caressing it. She pulled the covers up over us and said, "Let's rest or nap a while and I'll make love to you when you are ready. OK?"

I held her warm body close to mine. She snuggled up close to me and purred contentedly. I wanted to tell her I was ready right then but I loved the way she felt next to me. I was pretty damned content too! I moved just a hair and was able to put my lips against her forehead. I kissed her and left my lips touching her head and fell asleep.
