 After touring England a little bit, visiting a few other friends with basically nothing to offer but awkwardness, I decided it was time to move on. I didn't feel like abandoning my car and flying again, so the only option I had was take the Chunnel. Sure, I was slightly claustrophobic, and if it did start to flood, I couldn't swim all that well, but you only live once. Twenty minutes inside and I was wishing I'd gave my car to Jo, and tried to swim the damn channel. There was a huge wreck at the far end and it was backing traffic up all the way to England.

Around the third hour, I spotted a girl cursing and kicking her car. It was sitting in the lane next to me, hood open with smoke rising from the engine, and causing even more trouble than there already was. I stopped a car length before I got to her to let other traffic through and called out. "Hey!" she turned to scowl at me. "You need a ride?" her face softened considerably, obviously thinking that I was gonna tell her to get her piece of shit Mini off the road.

She waited for a break in the traffic and ran to my car, leaping over the passenger door and plopping in the seat. "Thanks luv. Dinna think id eva make it outta ere." she told me and reach to shake my hand. "Name's Michelle."

I took her hand gently after looking her over. She was about 5'7, with straight thin auburn hair just a little past her shoulders. She was wearing a red leather motorcycle jacket over a nearly skin tight purple leopard print dress that showed off her long legs and her nicely sized boobs as well as the gentle curves of her pale but shapely body. I kissed her hand gently instead of shaking it. "No big deal ma'am, I was always taught to help a lady in need." I released her hand. "Jeremy, by the way."

She laughed and proved to me that wasn't any older than 25. "American right?" she asked and I nodded. "I swear, any time a Brit's in trouble a Yank'll try to save'em" I just grinned and kept driving. "So, what're you? A tourist?" she asked after a few seconds of silence.

"Something like that." I joked. "I won the lottery, so I decided to visit all my friends from the internet." I admitted after she looked at me oddly.

"Seriously?" she asked and I confirmed. "So you're drivin round the world to 'ave sex with a bunch of computer nerds you usta spank it with?"

I blushed and grinned. "Yeah, pretty much."

"Proove it." she blurted out. "Show me a wad of cash." I shrugged and reached across her to open the glove box and pulled out thirty thousand euros wrapped in a fat rubber band. "Holy Shit." she said and reached for it. 

"Proof enough?" I smirked. "Or do you need to see the US bills I keep in my pocket to remind me of home?"

She thumbed the pounds in her face and smiled. "So 'ows the wankin world tour goin?" she asked, throwing the wad back in the glove box.

"Truth be told, only one girl so far has given it up, and that was a week ago." I told her, showing my disappointment. I noticed that as we spoke, her jacket had come off and her dress kept rising, showing me more and more of her milky white thighs.

She scooted closer to me, close enough that I could smell the cheap liquor on her breath. "So 'ow much would a good fuck be worth to you right now?" she said and laid her hand on my cock.

I twitched, thinking. "You need a new car don't you?" she bit her lip and nodded, begging me with her light brown eyes. I hit the button to put the roof back on my car, and when it was locked in place I laid a hand on Michelle's bare thigh. "You give me the rest of the night, and I'll buy you a brand new Opel in the morning." I offered.

She unzipped my pants and fished already hard dick out. "Lets start now, ok?" she said and threw her head into my lap. She wasted no time kissing, licking, or teasing me. Michelle just popped my dick in her mouth and seconds later was fucking me with her throat. The breath from her nostrils was tickling my pubes and little moans were tickling the head of my cock. I swerved slightly as she pulled her face from my lap and the Land Rover next to me honked the horn. I looked over to offer an apology and noticed that the driver was the cute blonde chick with the bullring in her nose. She flipped me of again, just as Michelle came up for air and licked my neck and face, leaving behind a trail of saliva before diving back to my dick.

She started bobbing in my lap, popping my cock in and out of her throat. Tired of deciding between holding my load or driving the car, I tapped Michelle on the head and said. "You better swallow if you want a CD player."

She popped her mouth off my dick and laughed out. "You know it, babe." before swallowing the head again and again. Michelle slurped and sucked and bobbed on my dick, and reached her slender hands into my pants and started rubbing and squeezing my balls.

"Oh.. God.." I groaned and let my head fall back. I'm sure the car slowed almost to a stop, but the traffic jam made that a side note as my dick started spurting spunk into Michelle's throat. She groaned and squeezed my nuts harder, sucking and swallowing every ounce of cum that shot out.

When she was sure I was done, she stuffed my dick back in my pants, carefully zipped them up and sat up in her seat, strapping her seat belt and acting like nothing happened. "I know a nice place on the otha side where we can stay." she said as she checked her makeup in the mirror.

We didn't talk much on the way there. Probably because I could think was all the things I wanted to do to her, and I supposed she was more worried about all the features her new car would have. She directed me out of the city and into what looked like farmland. I started to wonder what I'd gotten myself into when we pulled up to a house that looked like it was a few centuries old. "Do you live here?" I asked as we got out of the car.

"No, Lord, wish I did." She answered and pulled her bag out. "Friend of mine's." When she noticed my slightly worried expression she went on. "Don worry, babe, their on holiday down south. Won be back for ages." We walked up to the door. I tried it, but it was locked. Michelle stuck her hand into the lamp next to it and pulled out a key. "Told me I could use it if I was ever in any trouble. Car trouble counts."

The outside of the house may have been old as hell, but the inside was as modern as anything I'd ever seen. Black marble floors, recessed florescent lighting, perfect geometry for the polished metallic walls, bright white ceilings, everything looked like something out of a sci-fi movie. Michelle dropped her bag and threw her jacket on some hooks that looked like a part of the wall, instead of being attached to it. I followed suit, and turned to see Michelle unzipping her dress and walking around a corner. I went after her in time to see her drop the purple leopard skin on the kitchen counter. "You wanna bit to eat first?" she asked, standing there in nothing but a black thong and matching bra. Her pale tits nearly spilled over the top of her bra , and I couldn't help to notice the tattoo of a Celtic cross over her belly button.

"Sure." I answered and walked over to lean on the counter, my hands on either side of her body. "What's good here?" I joked.

Michelle smirked and ducked under my arm and walked to the built-in fridge. "Well, there's... Not much..." she said looking into the mirrored black fridge. I stripped as I walked over behind her, pressing my cock into her back and leaning down to kiss her on her neck. She giggled and reached in and pulled a can of whipped cream from a shelf. "This might be fun." She turned and pointed the can at me and I backed away, holding my hands in the air like she had a gun. Before I could protest she pushed on the tip and shot the freezing cream across my chest and down to my dick. I gasped and shivered and almost wiped it off.. "Cold?" she asked. "Lemme help." she offered and bent forward to lick the cream off my nipple. She pushed me back against the counter and licked and sucked her way down to her knees, then took my whipped cream covered shaft in her hand and started rubbing the cream in.

Michelle smiled as she bent closer and sucked the whipped cream off the head of my dick. She smacked it around her mouth for a second, then leaned in again and inhaled my pole, sucking the head straight down her throat, and moving her hand to my nutsack. While she continued servicing my dick with her mouth, I bent over and unhooked her bra, then made my way down her back to slide my hand under her thong and along the crack of her ass. When she started bucking and trying to get my fingers on her pussy, I straightened up, and pulled her to her feet. We spun around each other as she wiped the precum and cream off her face with the back of her arm, and lifted her milk-white fleshy body onto the counter. I pulled her thong off and threw it in the sink before kneeling and planting my tongue in her bald pussy. She groaned at the sudden intrusion and pushed her pelvis at my mouth. I kept fucking her hole with my tongue, squeezing her ass while she pinched and pulled her quarter-sized nipples.

Out of the corner of my eye, I saw the English tart reach for the whipped cream and aim it at my face. I backed up just in time to see her squirt it all over her crotch, and write a trail up to her tits. She gasped and held her breath when she did it and I laughed. "Cold?" I mocked and dove in to clean her cunt. Michelle cried out and fell back as I started lapping at her pussy, sucking and licking her hot juices out mixed with the cold whipped cream. I shoved two fingers inside her as my mouth left her honeypot, kissing away the trail of whipped cream on her stomach. I lingered on her chest, sucking her hard little nipples as I pounded her cunt with my fingers. I felt her pussy clench and quiver just as she wove fingers into my hair and pulled my face up to hers. 

"FUCK ME!" Michelle growled. I pulled my hand out from between her thighs and pulled her up to me before slamming my cock into her pussy and jerking a scream out of her throat. My balls slapped against her ass, I pulled out, and slammed into her again, again, again. Melted whipped cream and sex juices sloshed out between us as Michelle grunted and demanded more cock be fed to her hungry cunt. "Fuck me, Jeremy, fuck my hot little box." she kept groaning out. She lost her ability to speak though, as her pussy started spasming harder, clenching around my dick and squirting pussy juice all over both of us.

Michelle howled and bit into my shoulder as her orgasm ripped through her. I pushed her off before she gave me much more than a hickey. I looked at me like a wolf looks at a rabbit. "Com'ere." she whispered breathlessly and motioned with her fingers before turning over on her knees on the counter. She slapped her own ass and told me. "You know what I want." I grabbed a cheek in each hand, pulling her ass open before attacking it with my tongue and Michelle moaned out "Oh, thank you so much.." to either me or God, I'm not sure which. I licked and poked at her backdoor while I returned my hand to her pussy, getting two fingers gooey with her juices. I pulled my face away, leaving plenty of spit on her asshole, and split her pucker with my fingers while I eased my dick back into her cunt.

I heard her forehead hit the counter as I pumped her ass with my fingers, and she started rocking her body on my cock. After a minute or two, she started panting again and reached under her to grab hold of my balls and the base of my dick. She pulled me out of her pussy and aimed it her ass. "You want it in there?" I toyed with her. She moaned an affirmative and nodded, making her auburn hair bounce back and forth. I pulled my fingers out of her ass and jerked her knees off the counter, then pushed the head of my cock against her pucker. 

It popped in with little resistance, and Michelle took most of my dick with a loud groan. I started easing out of her ass, and pushing slowly back in, inching in the rest of my cock with each stroke. By the fifth or sixth journey back into her bowels, my balls were rubbing on Michelle's cunt lips, and my pubes were tickling her ass cheeks. I kept working her back-door slowly, until I heard her fist slam into the counter and Michelle shout "Jus' fuckin giv it to me!" and shove herself back at me. I grabbed onto her by the swell of her hips and jerked her ass back at cock, ramming it inside her at the same time. I pulled back and repeated the process to hear "God! Fuck! Yes! More!" when I rocked her body against the black marble counter top. The harder slammed into her asshole, the more she wanted, growling and beating the marble with her fists.

We were dripping sweat and pussy juice when I felt my balls jump and tighten. "Michelle..." I panted out, warning her of the impending blast.

She bucked her ass at me, threw her sweaty head back, making her wet hair slap her shoulders, and yelled. "Fuckin cum all over me! Pull it out and cum all fuckin over me!" I pulled my dick from her rectum, and let the shaft rest in her crack. She was still bucking, rubbing her pussy on my balls, when the geyser of goo erupted from me. Sticky ropes of sperm launched across her back, into her hair, over her shoulders, onto the counter tops, and probably in the floor beyond. When I could breath again, a few drops of cum were leaking off my dick and dripping into her ass, and trickling down her pussy lips. 

I backed away, legs feeling like rubber, and leaned against the fridge to catch my breath. Michelle rolled over and sat up with the biggest grin on her cute little face. I couldn't help but notice her hand was lazily toying with her clit. "Need a break?" she chided. I nodded, not really wanting one, but needing to let blood flow back to my brain for a few minutes. "There's showers upstairs. I'll use the one down here, K?" She sauntered off, still dripping cum and sweat, and a few seconds later I managed to get my legs under me and make my way to the master bath upstairs. It took a minute or two for me to figure out how to work the touch screen controls in the shower, but after seeing I could aim the thirty or so jets anywhere and set the exact temperature of the water, I decided that I was having one installed in my new house when I got home. 

I'm not sure how long I was in the shower, letting the thirty-four degree Celsius water massage my back, but when I got out, the rather spacious bathroom was filled with steam, and the sky outside the single skylight was pitch black. I toweled off most of the water, and wrapped a fresh towel around my waist before walking out into the master bedroom. Michelle was sitting one the edge of the black sheet covered king sized bed, wrapped in a lilac robe with a towel holding her hair in. I was glad to see she was still very pretty with all her makeup washed off. "I'm definitely getting one of those." I told her, jutting a thumb over my shoulder at the shower.

She laughed and motioned me closer to her. "Lemme see if it got you clean." she said, pulling the towel from my naked body. She leaned in close to my semi-hard cock, inspecting it for god-knows-what, before sitting up and eyeing me seriously. "This is horrible." she joked. I raised my eyebrows and dropped my jaw, mocking surprise. "I'll just have to clean it myself." Michelle concluded. With that she wrapped her lips around my cock and started to suck the soft out of it.

Within a minute, I was throbbing hard and halfway down her throat. I had handfuls of her hair and she had one handful of my ass and another of my nuts. I wasn't about to let what might be my last load end up in her stomach, so I reluctantly pulled her face off my dick. Michelle smiled up at me and scooted back on the giant bed, opening her robe as she went. I crawled over her and pulled her creamy legs over my shoulders. Her own hands were roughing her tits up, and clenched around her tiny pink nipples as I pushed my dick into her swampy cunt again. I wasted no time being gentle with her, and taking her hips in my grip, started fucking her twat hard enough to pull the bed away from the wall. She was lifting her ass off the bed and pushing her pussy at me, trying to get more of my dick inside her faster.

Michelle's body with slack when her orgasms started. Her eyes rolled back in her head, her hands let go of her tits, and her legs fell open and off my shoulders. I leaned in and took her nipple in my mouth, arching my back to keep my dick in her while I sucked the pink tip of her boob. She dug her nails into my shoulders and pulled me up to kiss her, sucking on my tongue while thrusting her hips up at me. "'Old still." she panted, and when I did, she rolled us over, threw off her robe, and started grinding her pussy against me with my cock still imbedded against her cervix.

Michelle fell forward and caught herself upright with her hands braced against my chest. She let out a sound somewhere between a groan and a peal of maniacal laughter and began riding me. She lifted her pussy until only the tip of my cock was tickling her lips, then slammed her body back down. Over and over, in and out, faster and harder and wetter and louder. Her cunt swallowed my shaft, squishing out pussy juice each time her thighs hit mine. When I was sure I couldn't take any more I dug my fingers into the soft flesh of her ass and tried to pull her off of me. "No, no... No." she grunted and pushed herself back down on my dick. "Cum in my twat." she told me. "Cum inside me." and added a few seconds later. "Jus Fuckin Cum Already!"

She froze when I started shooting against the back of her pussy. Her eyes were clenched shut, head thrown back, scream caught in her throat, hands digging into my shoulders, legs clamped onto my waist, and pussy squelching and vibrating on my cock. Michelle's arms finally gave out and she fell over onto me. "Get some sleep." I told her when she started kissing my chest. "We have to go buy a car tomorrow." With that, she snuggled up closer to me and swiftly started softly snoring. When I fell asleep, my cock was getting soft, but still firmly planted between her lips.

The next morning, after another extremely long hot shower, Michelle and I ate breakfast at a sea-side café, then made our way to an Opel dealership. I handed her a roll of Euros, probably sixty thousand of them, and told her to go pick something out. "You sure 'bout this?" she asked, clenching the stack of cash so tightly she ripped a few bills.

I smiled. "A deals a deal." I answered her. "You gave me a lot more than I bargained for last night, so consider it a tip." we hugged, we kissed, and exchanged phone numbers, then thought about it and exchanged emails. "I'll see you later. I promise." I told her, then smacked her ass when turned to walk away. When I saw her get into a bright purple convertible for a test drive, I got into my Mercedes and turned toward Spain.