 Ch. 1: England

 So I had won the Lottery. It's just money right? Money can't make you happy right? Winning the lottery won't change your life, right? WRONG. $250,000,000 made me happier than I had ever been. Properly cared for, and I'd never need work another day in my life. Of coarse I spent almost 50 million of it the first month, and planned to spend a lot more in the coming months. I put 100mil in a savings account. I could live off the interest alone if I didn't splurge too much. 

Well, the other 100 million? World tour! The internet is a many splendored thing, and there were girls all over the world that wanted me to come see them. It s not like I had to do that to get laid, I mean I was a millionaire, but hell; see new places, meet new faces, and I needed a vacation from my family anyway. I didn't tell anyone at all what I was planning until I decided who I would see first. Much the disappointment and anger of a few girls in my own country and Canada, I choose England first. 

Josephine, Jo for short, lived in Essex County . So after a nice long trans-Atlantic plane ride (I say nice, cause I was in first class, isn't money fun?) I arrived at the Stansted airport. Now I thought about airlifting my 'Vette over, but decided it might be cheaper to rent something, until I found out that most European cars weren't built for someone 6'5 and nearly 250lbs. So I took a taxi (an Opel, cool cars) to the nearest Mercedes dealership and bought a new SLK 230 Kompressor. It was expensive, but it was worth it, it's a beautiful car. Took a few near misses to get used to the whole right-side-driving thing though. 

But enough about cars, back to Jo. She was my China Girl. Not because she was Chinese, or anything like that; it was cause the first time I ever saw her picture she had a shirt on that said 'China Girl.' It committed itself to my memory cause the shirt was stretched almost obscenely over her large and still-then developing tits. I had talked to her on the phone, and although she wanted to meet me, she didn't want to meet at her house, which is understandable, I wouldn't meet me at her house either. So, a bus stop some number of blocks away it was. I parked my car and put money in the meter, and sat there in the front seat looking for Jo . 

About an half hour after arguing with a cop about my radio blasting Rob Zombie over half the English countryside (I still got the ticket, but I doubted I'd be in England long enough to pay it), I saw Jo. About 5'8 , dyed jet black hair just past her shoulders, she wasn't skinny, but far from fat; just that nice equal that allowed her to wear a tight white shirt that showed off her belly-button ring and not be gross about it. I seemed odd to me that anyone show that off in 60 degree weather, especially since Jo's skin was the color of marshmallows, but it looked good with the tight black jeans and matching long denim duster. 

Her eyes were searching everywhere for some sign of me, so I honked the horn. Jo and half the other people looked in my direction. A cute blonde, probably 17yrs old, with a bull-ring in her nose flipped me off. Jo laughed as she walked to the passenger side and I was honking constantly and waving my middle finger in the air. "Quit, stop it!" Jo giggled in that nearly too-thick Cockney accent; I always liked the way English girls sounded, and Jo was definitely no exception. "This is a nice car." she commented as I put the top up and pulled away from the parking meter, and flipped the bull-ring bitch off one more time. 

"Nice to meet you by the way." I said at the first red light. "I guess we were in a little bit of a hurry to get away from the bus stop to be properly introduced." We shook hands and she told me that we'd been talking to each other on the computer for two years, and that was an excuse for no face to face introduction Good Point." I answered. "So where to? I've never been here, so I figured you had some sort of plan." 

She directed me to a restaurant, some local 'Fish-n-Chips", or something. Jo was more interesting than the food. The more the she talked, the happier I was I chose England first. If I hadn't promised others I'd come see them, I wouldn't have wanted to leave. A sleazy motel was out of the question for her. I found the best place via the waitress (who happened to be cute, it was weird I'd been England a day and only seen like five ugly girls) while Jo was in the bathroom. I called to the hotel and told them to give me the nicest room available and fully stock the mini-bar and put a bottle of champagne on ice. 

I was waiting next to the restrooms when Jo came out. She jumped when she saw me standing there waiting on her."Comon, I got us a room." I said, and leaned down to kiss her on the cheek. 

"A room?" she said "I was going to take you home, but if you want to go to some motel, I guess I can handle that." she half-pouted and turned her face down. I brought it back up and kissed her, gently sucking her bottom lip as I pulled away. When I told where I was taking her, Jo's face lit up like a florescent bulb. "Really." I nodded." Let's go!" she squealed and nearly jerked me off my feet as she ran for the door and grabbed my arm.

The room was damn nice. The ceiling above the bed was covered in mirrors, and the bed was covered in red silk. As we undressed each other, I was surprised to learn that Jo's lacy bra and panties matched the sheets perfectly. "You had this planned before I did, didn't you?" I joked, toying with her belly button ring. 

"No." she giggled, "I just knew you liked the colour red." she told me and ran her fingers threw my hair. I moved down from her navel, kissing and tickling her as I got closer to her pussy. Jo wiggled in anticipation as I hooked my fingers through the crotch of her panties, and slowly pulled them off. I was nuzzling her light brown bush with my nose and lips before the silk had left her ankles. She moaned softly and spread her legs wider, pushing her thighs over my shoulders. I kissed and sucked along her slit, tasting her delicious juices as my tongue burrowed towards the source of her nectar. "Oooo, Baby, don't stop." she cooed, wringing her hands in my hair as I licked the inside of her vagina. Jo pushed her pelvis at my head and I felt her pussy start to throb on my tongue, so I reached an arm around her right leg and hooked my thumb directly onto her clit, mashing and twisting it as I sucked on her box.

Jo screamed and her hands tightened in my hair and I worried that I might have bald spots before the night was up. Her pussy flooded my mouth and she was bucking so wildly that I lost my place on her clit. Finally she caught herself and drug me up by my ears to face her. "I need you to fuck me." I grinned and moved in to kiss her and she clamped down on my bottom lip, locked her ankles around my back and pulled me against her crotch. "Now!" she growled out from between her teeth. I pulled my lip from her teeth before she broke skin and leaned up as much as I could and started rubbing my cock on her swampy slit trying to find the tiny hole hidden by her vertical smile. She got angry that nothing was filling her up before I got frustrated that she had her legs locked around me and I couldn't use my hands to aim. Jo reached around her own ass and grabbed the base of my cock, balls and all, and shoved the glistening head into her cunt. "There..." she gasped and let go slowly. "Now, fuck me, Jeremy."

I eased my dick into her, opening her wider than anything else ever had obviously. Finally I felt the back of her pussy as my pubes started to tickle hers. She was rocking her body towards mine urging me to keep going. This time when I tried to kiss her, she opened her mouth and let our tongues meet in the darkness created by our joined lips. I slowly started out of her while we kissed and before either set of lips left me I slowly reintroduced my cock to her tunnel. There were innumerable repeats of this echoed by moans of ecstasy before our kiss ended. Her entire body was covered in blush and she was short of breath as I opened my eyes to look into hers. The slow agonizing pace of my dick burrowing into her tight, wet, pink twat, over and over; squeezing past her juicy lips and opening her throbbing insides all the way to her cervix, then leaving her empty and begging for my return lasted for what seemed like hours before I felt her pussy spasm again. "God.. Jo, I think I'm..."

She dug her nails into my shoulders. " Just shut up and fuck me." she ordered and I complied. Bracing my hands on her waist, I shoved my cock into her jerking body time and time again, making her tits, still trapped in her red silk bra, jump and bounce with each thrust. "Oh, Christ!" she howled "Don't stop!" I pounded my cock inside her again and again until I heard, in the thickest cockney accent to ever grace my ears. "I cummin! Aahhrr, Fuck me! I'm cummin!" Her pussy seemed to slam shut and it took slivers of seconds before it was sucking jet after thick jet of cum straight into her womb.

We collapsed in a heap of body parts and tried to catch our breath. After a few moments, Jo spoke. "So, I hear this place has amazing showers in the suites..."

I smiled and kissed her on the cheek. "Wanna go check them out?" She nodded fervently and I nearly leapt off of her and pulled her by the arm to follow me to the bathroom. The shower took up half the room, it had two broad rainmaker showerheads on either side, and a bench along the wall(which was made of polished granite), the doors were glass with gold-plated handles, and neither of us could wait to get in. Jo lost her bra before the water started, and in the time it took the water to get warm, the nipples that topped her b-cups were hard enough to scratch diamonds. We both took soap and started to wash each other off, I think Jo had the cleanest breasts in all of England before we were done, and thanks to her efforts, my cock was not only clean but standing at full attention.

"Oops." she smiled out. "Lemme help you with that." she offered as she dropped slowly to her knees. She simply gazed at it for a few seconds before leaning forward and kissing the head open mouthed. She giggled as it twitched at her attention, the she leaned back in and sucked the head just past her lips, she rubbed each centimeter with her tongue before trying to suck any more inside. As her tongue was tracing veins down the shaft, the head of my cock hit her uvula. She started to gag violently and pulled away before forcing her dinner back down. "Sorry." She said when I asked if she was okay. "I've never given head before, I'm sorry."

I found it hard to believe that, but if she said so. "It's ok, Jo, you don't have to apologize." I said. "Here, do it this way. " I said and took her hand and wrapped it around the head of my cock. "Now, only go down as far as your hand will let you." She got back up on her knees and pushed her lips over my dick again, this time sucking fervently on the head and following her hand down my shaft, even when her wrist was rubbing against my balls, she had enough room in her mouth to massage me with her tongue. I put one hand on top of her head and the other held my balance against the shower wall as Jo started bobbing her head, taking her mouth all the way off and then back on my cock. It wasn't until she opened her pretty brown eyes to look up at me that I knew I was about to cum. "Jo.. Baby.." I managed to moan out.

She pulled her mouth off and started jerking my dick, aiming the slit at her chest. "You wanna cum on my titties?" she teased and her grip tightened as she pulled on my pork. "C'mon babe, cum all over my titties." she urged a few more times and I started hosing her perky mammaries down with sperm. When I was done, legs shaking and gasping for air, there was a glob of semen hanging from my dick, Jo looked up from the circles she was drawing on her breasts and licked it off quickly before it fell. "Not bad." she said as she rolled it around her mouth. "Kinda salty though." she quipped and swallowed. I laughed and had a seat on the bench under my shower head to catch my breath, and Jo came and straddled my left leg, rubbing her slit on my thigh. "I think we still have a problem." she said.

"You're right." I said glancing at my crotch. "I think it wants some more of you." Jo spun around and eased back until her ass was pressed against my stomach , then lifted up and popped my cock back into her twat. She sighed heavily and leaned back against my chest, her head lolled back on my shoulder and her weight rested on my cock. She started rocking her lower body back and forth stuffing my cock into her pussy over and over she started ohing and ahing in my ear and my hands found my way to her tits as one of hers found their way to mine, and the other to her clit. As my cock once again hollowed out her gooey insides and hot clean water ran over our skin in warm streams of sensation, she whimpered to me. "I'm cummin on your big dick again, Jeremy." and as soon as her pussy started to seize up around me, I came again, filling her tiny pink vagina with thick white cream.

We toweled off after catching out breath between kisses, then ordered some room service for a midnight snack as we tried on the terry-cloth robes provided my the hotel. We sat, flipping through channels on the big screen, enjoying the gas-fireplace and feeding each other random junk-food when I proclaimed. "Wow, just like America, nothing's on TV."

Jo laughed and took the remote from me, then turned it to a channel I certainly couldn't find and we were suddenly greeted by the image of a chubby redhead receiving two blasts of cum to the face and chest. "You don't have this on the tele in the US do you?" she asked. 

I smirked at her. "Like anyone would ever leave their homes if we did?" It didn't take long watching the next movie, which opened with an anorexic looking Asian girl in a 4-way before my penis started stirring again, and I could hear Jo's breathing getting heavier. She was leaned back against me on the couch, so it wasn't hard to wrap my arm around her and slid my hand inside her robe to slowly massage her breasts. She moaned as I teased her nipple and she wrenched her arm around to grope at my hardening cock.

When she did, the remote fell in the floor and rolled under the coffee table. "I'll get it." she groaned and got up to retrieve it. "I can't.. reach it" she said and got down on all fours to stretch for it. When she did, her robe rode up her backside and I saw her pussy, glistening in the combined firelight and television glow. I got down on my knees behind her, as quietly as possible, and quickly pushed my dick inside her lubed up hole. "Ooh.. God." Jo groaned and let her head and shoulders fall to the floor. I had my hands around her hips, pulling her gorgeous ass back against me, making her pussy swallow my pole, puke it back up, and swallow it all over again. Jo pulled herself up after her first orgasm subsided and rested her elbows on the table, shoving back at me and started moaning and groaning almost loud enough to drown out the porn-starlet getting butt-fucked on the TV. "How's that supposed to feel?" she said between strokes. Instead of answering her, I sucked my middle finger to get it wet and pushed the tip into her ass. "Ow.." she moaned out, making it sound fake, so I pushed a little bit more in the next time I shoved my cock inside her. "God.. Don't, it hurts." I started to pulled it out but Jo gasped. "Don't pull it out either, just fuck my twat."

I kept my finger halfway up her ass as I kept shafting her, the next scene on the television was of a blond with a Scottish accent getting doggy-styled by a guy that could've been her brother so I reached up and pulled Jo's hair and made her face the screen as I made my balls continuously slap her clit. Jo started screaming as she starting cumming, listening to the porn-girl moan over and over "I want your cum in me, I want your cum in me." Finally I pulled my finger from her butt and grabbed her by the waist, slamming her down as I emptied my load inside her.

Porn got boring after awhile. So we found some Monty Python reruns and settled back down. It wasn't long before jetlag took it's toll and I snoozing. So at first I thought I was dreaming when I felt a wet tongue lapping at my cock. I looked down to see Jo's mouth at work on my balls and her own hand at work on her pussy. She saw me watching and blushed. "Didn't mean to wake you, I wanted to do it again, and I thought if I could get it hard, I could...." she trailed off. I smiled and pulled her up to me and kissed her again, sucking gently on her tongue then her lips. As we made out slowly, Jo tried to straddle me, only to find the couch was too narrow. "Comere." she said and stood up, dragging me with her. She led me to the bed and pushed me down on my back. She crawled over me, stopping to drag her tongue across my cock again, and to gently bite my nipples, before easing her dripping pussy down on my dick, popping it inside her wet hole effortlessly. She put her full weight down on me, leaning back and grinding her cunt back and forth on my cock. She rode on top of me for hours, it had to be hours of my dick inside the searing pit of pleasure she called a pussy. I watched her body writhe on top of mine, I watched her reflection in the mirror as she threw her head back and held her own milky white breasts in her porcelain hands.

She leaned down about the time I expected the sun to come up, and raised and lowered her hips over and over on my cock, milking it as she kissed me forcefully. "Cum inside me, Jeremy. Cum in my little twat one more time." she whispered in my ear and licked my earlobe. She slammed her cunt down maybe ten more times on my dick and I granted her wish. Sperm filled the tight crevice between Josephine's thighs as we both moaned through another long kiss.

I awoke the next morning alone. There was a letter taped to the head board above me, it read:

"Dear Jeremy,

I'm sorry that I left without saying goodbye, but I haven't been completely honest with you. I told you I was single; I'm not, in fact I'm getting married to my boyfriend of over three years in just ten days. I also told you that I had been with a man before; I lied, before last night I was a virgin. I know I shouldn't have cheated or lied, but I couldn't go into my wedding night scared to death of sex, and my fiancé keeps telling me that saving ourselves is the right thing to do(what does he know? He's been with three other girls). I hope you can find it in your heart to forgive me, because I want to remain your friend. Last night was truly incredible, and even if you hate me, and never speak to me again, I want you know that I will always be on your side.

Forever,

China Girl Jo."

I wasn't mad at her. How could I be? Just to show my appreciation though, I sent a package to her house on her wedding day showing her how I felt, a package with four zeros after a five.