 Author's note: the following story is purely a work of fiction and any resemblance to real people or events is purely coincidental. The author wishes to express his gratitude to rozezwild for her editing to make this a better story.

Holy Mackrel! It had already been a long trip, what with the flight from Chicago to El Paso in the crowded plane. Every seat had been taken and of course it took people an inordinate amount of time to stow their ridiculously large carry-on bags, trying to stuff them in equally ridiculously small spaces. We finally pushed back from the gate almost 20 minutes after our scheduled departure.

I didn't have a lot of exposure to El Paso, and still wouldn't have much since I was only going to change planes here. It turned out to be a surprisingly large airport for what I had always thought of as a small city. Still when I had to walk out onto the apron and board a little seven passenger plane, the smallest I'd ever been on up to now, it wasn't without some trepidation. With El Paso being the staging area for my company's people who were going to this little retreat and seminar function in the boondocks, we had to wait for a plane from Atlanta to arrive with some of the southeast states' office personnel. By the time we had the plane's cargo ready, I realized that they were all people I knew, fellow employees of my employer.

I looked at the little twin-prop plane with skepticism, thinking that I couldn't fit into it, let alone another six passengers along with a pilot and copilot. But of course we did, along with all our bags going into the storage in the belly of the plane. And then we were off, kind of like a herd of turtles but at least we were moving.

We were out of the city in just a few minutes. The southeastern New Mexico terrain was hilly but the vegetation was sparse and looked like it wouldn't support mice, let alone anything larger. Even though the plane flew at nearly 10,000 feet according to the pilot, the ground was above sea level enough that it looked like we were skimming the tops off the tumbleweed below. We kept seeing jackrabbits darting this way and that, startled by the sound of the little plane.

Before I knew it, we were on the glide path to the airport in Roswell. The pilot made a smooth landing and taxied up to a private terminal, where a pair of vans was waiting. We helped transfer our luggage and piled into the vans for the ride ... to who-knew-where.

It turned out that the resort was just a few miles away but it seemed like a different country. It was in the foothills of the Capitan Mountains, a beautiful verdant valley with a peaceful lake and the bluest sky I'd ever seen. We all lined up at a desk inside the spacious administration building where a young lady handed us keys to preassigned rooms.

Back outside again, we found covered walkways that led to a series of long two-story buildings, which I thought looked like a typical roadside hotel except that they were spread out like rays of sunlight, each with plenty of foliage and landscaping to keep them at least semi-private from the next.

I found my room right at the near end ground floor of a central building, just as the young lady had directed me. Opening the front door, I immediately changed my mind about the place. It didn't look like any hotel I'd ever seen. The front room was huge with luxurious furniture arranged comfortably around a central fireplace. The ceiling was actually the top of the building with an open view to a balcony on the second level. A curving white-carpeted stairway led upstairs.

I dropped my bags and headed down a wide hallway, sticking my head into a living room sized bathroom, complete with a whirlpool tub large enough for several people. The whole thing was as elegantly appointed as any I'd ever seen.

Further down the hall was the bedroom. Even before I got there I could tell it too was huge. But then came the biggest surprise. There, lounging on the pink satin sheet that covered the bed, was a gorgeous, voluptuous young woman. She was a brunette with shoulder length hair, full lips and dark eyes. She had large round breasts and long legs. Although she was wearing a shiny silver dress, it didn't cover much of her at all. Her boobs were barely held in check by the silver bra-style top. The sides were cut away and the skirt, which may have been long or short, was pulled up near her waist, leaving her bare pussy to breathe the fresh air. Her feet were in silver shoes with very high heels and little straps here and there. She was a vision of loveliness ... and feminine pulchritude.

Before I could recover enough to speak, she said in a rather sultry voice, "Hello, sweetheart, welcome to New Mexico. I hope you like your present."

I managed to squeak out, "What present?"

"Why, me, of course, honey. My name is Margaret but most people call me Marge. You can call me anything you like. I'm here to take care of all your needs this week. I'll do anything ... ANYTHING ... I can to make your stay a pleasant one."

To say that I was startled would be a massive understatement. "What do you mean ... 'anything'?"

She smiled and sat up. With a quick swipe of her hand, the dress disconnected from the bra and slid down her body. She slithered out of it and with a quick motion of her hands behind her back, the bra magically disappeared, leaving her naked except for the shoes. "Well, darling, I mean that if its humanly possible to do it and you want to, then I'm willing. I see by the bulge in your pants that you do like girls, right?"

As her fingers reached out to stroke the tent in my pants, I stammered, "Of course, I do!"

"Then touch me."

I reached out and touched the smooth soft flesh of her beautiful tits. And I was hooked, just like that. I fondled her nipples, drew circles around them, ran my hands down her back and drew her toward me. I kissed her open mouth and let my tongue search every square inch of her mouth while my hands found her perfectly round buttocks and squeezed.

She felt so fantastic and she was completely compliant. I moved my kisses from her mouth to her ear, then her neck, then her shoulder and finally to her tits. I kissed and licked and sucked all around the full globes, repeatedly going back to her stand-up nipples. And all the while, her hands were wandering all over my body, frequently squeezing my rock hard throbbing erection.

When I worked one hand down between her legs to the little patch of neatly trimmed, dark curly hair, she spread her legs to make it easier for me to slip a finger into her pussy. She was already wet and well-oiled and I almost pitched her onto the bed.

But Marge said, "Easy, big fella. I understand you have nearly three hours before you have to be downstairs again. We can use all of that together, if you want to, and you can take your time and have some fun. Okay?" 

I nodded, thinking, 'Its really going to be hard taking my time with a beauty like this. Where did she come from and how come I'm so lucky?'

"We've got to get you more comfortable, hon," she said. Her magic fingers had my shirt unbuttoned in a few seconds, the palm of her hand adding to my excitement as she lightly stroked my chest. She pulled open my belt and unzipped my pants. Then she knelt in front of me, pulling my right hand onto her left shoulder for support as I stepped out of my clothes.

Once my pants were tossed to a chair, she pulled off my shoes and socks, then turned her attention to my briefs and the obvious problem they held back. Slowly she reached out, first just touching my erection through the heavy cloth, then slowly working her way down the covered shaft until she cupped my balls. 

With a big smile on her face, she eased a finger into the waistband of my jockeys on each side and began to pull downward. The cloth moved down all around my body, until they met the resistance of my member, pointed up at about a 45 degree angle. 

The garment kept coming down in the back and sides and slowly she applied enough pressure that my cock began changing directions. Still it wasn't until they were several degrees below horizontal that my underwear actually slid off. 

Marge seemed delighted by what she saw. Her tongue flicked out and licked the tip of my cock just as I stepped out of the shorts and she tossed them aside. 

With one hand wrapped around the shaft of my dong and guiding it to her mouth and the other hand cupping my balls as the fingertips gently explored their contours, she began to lick my shaft.

With my head tossed back and my mouth wide open, I enjoyed her ministrations, especially when her mouth engulfed my whole cock. The glorious sensations radiating to every part of my body were intense. Unable to understand how I had gotten so lucky, I turned off my mind and simply "felt".

But then, not wanting to spend my orgasm in her mouth, I pulled her to her feet and asked, "May I fuck you?"

"Of course you can, honey. Whatever you want." Marge sat back on the bed, leaning back on one elbow and spreading her legs. I moved closer to her and she opened the wet lips of her pussy with her free hand, guiding my wandering probe into her sweet opening as I eased closer.

On the assumption that she was some sort of professional, I guessed that she would be slick, soft and loose ... in other words, well-used. But that was not the case. Her pussy was tight around my shaft and sent absolutely delicious vibes up and down my spine. It took me several strokes to work my entire length into her before my balls slapped against her pretty round buttocks. I began slowly stroking in and out of her pussy, savoring every sensation that wafted from my shaft.

It didn't take but a few minutes before I knew that I could not hold back on my orgasm. Nor did I really want to, although I did hope to make the fantastic feelings last as long as possible. I lifted her shod feet to my shoulders and began to tease her clit with the pad of my thumb, knowing that if she was a true pro, I probably would not bring her off but at least I could act like I cared.

Marge turned out to be a great actress, I suppose, because she acted like she had a tremendous orgasm at almost the exact same time that my nuts blew their load into her hot pussy. I leaned over her and we hugged and kissed until I got some strength back into my legs and was able to move off her.

I lay down beside her and languidly ran my hands over her soft body. "So ... tell me about yourself,"

"Well ... I work as a personal model and occasional escort in Albuquerque. I'm not married and have no children. My job this week is to help you relax and finish the week feeling refreshed and ready to get back to work."

"Oh? Am I the lucky one or are their other ladies for the other guys?"

"I heard that there are 54 women from Albuquerque, Las Vegas, Los Angeles and other places, all doing the same job and I think there is one girl for every man from your company."

"So ... when are you going to be in my room?"

"Whenever you are."

"What do you do when I'm not here?"

"I'm going to be wherever you go."

"You mean you're going to our seminars with me?"

"Yes, every one of them."

"What about our leisure activities?"

"You mean like the golf tournament? I'm going with you."

"Wow! That sounds like fun for me. I hope it will be for you."

"Don't worry about it, honey. I'll be fine if you are."

There was silence for a while as my hands continued stroking her body. Then she turned to me and said, "Honey, I hope you'll be very happy with me this week. I want you to use me anyway you want to, just so long as you don't make a fist. I'll try to do anything you want. But it you see another girl you want to be with, either for a night or just long enough to fuck, that's okay as long as you clear a swap with her man. Okay?"

It turned out that Marge meant what she said. When I went to dinner, she had dressed casual sexy and went with me. In the dining hall, I found that every man there for the business conference also had an equally beautiful, sexy woman on his arm or by his side. The girls sat among us and were introduced around the tables, each of which seated twelve, so that nine tables seated the whole entourage, including the president and other officers from headquarters, all of whom were scattered among the field office managers.

Back in the room that night, I got my first piece of ass in a long time. Marge meant what she had said about "anything" ... she begged me to spank her, hard, before I fucked her ass, and then when I pierced her bowels, she was a wild little thing, squirming and wiggling her tight ass around my ever-so-appreciative cock until I had one of my all-time most satisfying orgasms. After she cleaned my cock with a couple of warm washcloths, she urged me to suck her tits until I went to sleep ... much later.

In the morning, Marge woke me with what would become routine ... a soft tender blowjob. After that there was just time enough for a quick, less-than-tender doggy style fuck in her hot pussy before we showered and headed off for breakfast.

During the morning business meetings, Marge sat attentively at my left. By mid-morning, her right hand was laying across my left leg and her hand occasionally brushed against my crotch. At 11 o'clock with the accountant droning on about ways to cut expenses, Marge dropped a pencil on the floor and bent to retrieve it. It must have rolled further than I thought because she was soon completely under the table.

My surprise was complete when she spread my legs and tugged at the zipper of my walking shorts (yes, the whole conference was mandatory casual dress; two presenters who stepped up to speak wearing ties promptly had them cut off by the company president). I felt the tablecloth being pushed up around my waist and Marge worked at pulling my cock and balls out into the open. When her mouth closed around my raging hard-on, I was astounded.

I glanced around the room, expecting to see everyone glaring at me. Only then did I realize how many empty chairs there were at the tables. In fact, there were no girls in sight ... every one of them was under their respective table! From the looks on the faces of the men, they were getting the same treatment that I was. 

In fact, one row up and one table over I could see a girl that hadn't bothered with the table cloth ... I could plainly see her mouth working up and down the shaft of her partner and both of them were completely engrossed in what she was doing. I looked over at the president and was surprised to see his head thrown back, his eyes closed and a weird, lopsided grin on his face.

Out of a sort of loyalty plus a healthy appreciation for how she looked as well as what she did to me, I spent most of the week with Marge. However several times other guys asked if I would like to swap for a while and a couple of times I spotted ladies I wanted to try so I wound up savoring the delights of eleven women over the course of the week.

I spent part of a night with, and in, big-bottomed Nina. Fucking her doggy style, there was no way I could pound her ass hard enough to hurt either of us, although heaven knows I tried. I finished with two fingers in her cunt alongside my cock while my thumb circled around her stand-up clitty until we both exploded.

Beautiful blonde Alana was a very satisfying morning-break fuck. We went into a special lounge, where the sofas and chairs had been covered with sheets just to make sex easier for the conferees. While "her" man screwed Marge on a nearby easy chair, I plowed Alana's pussy on one of the sofas and returned to the next session amazingly ready to listen. 

Brandy fucked me on the golf course. With the foursome ahead of us playing a little slow, we had time before tee-off at the fifth hole and one of the foursome suggested we rotate partners every few holes and have some fun. Brandy was out of her clothes much quicker than me and she pushed me onto the short plush grass and rode me until I exploded in her. Although she put her shorts back on, she never did put a top on for the rest of the round.

The lovely Libby gave me her ass in the courtyard of the admin building. Other people were already scattered around screwing in the lush grass but Libby didn't want dirt in her privates, so she brought her own towel to lay on ... mostly to kneel on, as she offered me her big ass to pound. And, yes, if I could have taken her home and kept her to myself just for my own sexual pleasure, I would have done that.

Hunter was my diversion the afternoon when we took a cruise on Bottomless Lakes. She was a feisty, big-breasted woman who got me off three times in less than three hours. Oh, yes, I would have liked to take her home for more bedroom studies, too.

There were others and could have been even more but I had all I could handle. With pussy before breakfast, pussy at mid-morning break, pussy (or ass) just after lunch, as much pussy as you could handle in the afternoon, pussy before dinner, pussy or ass at night with a midnight (or later) snack of more pussy, nobody was complaining.

We didn't leave the grounds of the resort all week, and no one cared. We fucked our beautiful ladies everywhere. We fucked in our rooms, we fucked in the conference centers, we fucked outside in the clear air, we fucked on the lakes, we fucked on the golf courses (there were two), and we fucked going from one venue to another. 

I found out that driving a golf cart up and down the hilly terrain of a mountain resort, wearing no clothes and having an equally naked woman sitting on your erection was a fun and erotic event. Even the van trip back to the airport provided one more opportunity for me to ply the sweet pussy of yet another woman, Delilah.

I must say that, on the trip home, I realized that I really was reinvigorated and ready to return to work, eager even. On Monday, the boss said that many of the field personnel had told him that they would work hard this year to make it worth his while to book next year's conference in the same resort with the same kind of agenda.

As it turned out, even with a slow down in the general economy, our company made double-digit gains in revenue every quarter. All of the men in management were looking forward to the new year's conference. Our personnel put in an extraordinary number of hours in their respective jobs to make our business successful and ever-growing.

At the end of the first month of the fourth quarter, our president announced the site of our next conference - it was the same resort in the outskirts of Roswell. We all put our noses back to the proverbial grindstone, anticipating the reward of our hard work.

The End