 Chapter 3 An Undeniably Pleasurable Twist

About a week had passed since my last interaction with Dana on the phone as well as the unusual sexual experience with Julia. I had once again been successful in avoiding any prolonged exposure to Dana's presence, trying to keep myself together and...well...married. I was working on being sweeter with Julia, and trying to stay focused on her and not allow my mind to wander down the alley of sexual lust for Dana. It worked for the most part, and only crept in late at night when Julia's breathing became heavy with peaceful sleep and I was wide awake. It was those times I would sneak onto Dana's facebook page and look through her photos, my heart heavy.

However, as I sat at my desk at work and worked on Dana's 90 day work evaluation, I couldn't push down the excitement that I was the one who had to meet with her for her 90 day evaluation as I was her main supervisor. I knew I couldn't avoid it, and while it made me gulp back fear of being that close to her, I was undeniably excited for when I would be able to spend that hour alone with her in the conference room. I knew, however, that I had to maintain appropriate professionalism, so as I wrote out my comments with each expectation on her evaluation, I was also working on playing out how I would handle the situation in my head.

Dana, please plan to attend your 90 day evaluation at 3PM next Thursday. I emailed the calendar invitation to her.

Absolutely!  Where will we be meeting? Her text came immediately, as if she had been holding her phone waiting for a text from me. My heart skipped a beat, my face flushed with heat. I knew that she had missed talking with me since our phone interaction several weeks ago. She had attempted to call several times, only to be met with a professional text from me that stated: Can't talk right now, sorry!

I also had smelled her sexy perfume when she would come stand outside my office door when it was closed. I had been keeping it closed a lot lately, trying to again, avoid temptation with the illusion that I was working on difficult work projects and was not to be bothered. I would smell her sweet scent before I could see the shadows of her two feet in the slit of light that showed from under my doorway. I would hold my breath, wondering, hoping that she would knock so I could at least talk to her for a few seconds to tell her I was busy. But she didn't.

Part of me appreciated that she was not being pushy at all. I knew that she probably thought I was trying to work on things with Julia and making sure that she and I were ok. I knew that even though she knew I struggled with wanting to be with her, that I loved my wife above all else. I knew that she knew she brought out an almost animalistic sexual instinct in me when she was around me, something she knew I had a hard time keeping together. I knew she highly respected me as her boss, and wanted to be able to work with me and be around me more than she needed any sexual relationship.

I sighed to relieve the tension that always came over me whenever I thought about her. I shook my head to clear my thoughts. In the conference room up front. I wrote back to her, making sure to not include any smiley faces or flirty words.

It took a moment for her to respond. My heart was thumping in my chest, I started to write several messages with smiley faces for fear I had run her off completely, but I kept deleting them. I had told my wife that she had nothing to worry about.

You got it, boss! See you then. The phone buzzed in my hand and I looked down. Relief washed over me like a hot shower. I could tell she had wanted to write other things back, but that she chose to also keep things to a professional level. I felt horrible that she probably was hurt that I hadn't really spoken to her since our phone call that night. Guilt took the place of the relief and I was back to mentally beating myself up.

Get a grip, man! I yelled at myself as I stared down at the screen. I needed to make sure she knew that we were good. I had been completely inappropriate with her that night on the phone, and then since then I had been a complete jackass in avoiding her at every possible moment, even to the point of coming in early and leaving early so as to not have to be alone with her. I hung my head. I needed to go make it right.

Standing up, I straightened up my shirt and made sure that everything looked professional before going to my door. I took a deep breath and opened it. I had heard her come in a few hours prior, so I knew that she was at her desk a few cubicles from my office. I turned the corner and stared. There she was, her back to me as she was typing on her computer. Her phone was sitting propped up on the keyboard, and she kept looking down at it, expecting a response from me. Her brown hair fell in those soft waves around her shoulders, and I could smell the floral of her perfume from where I was standing. She had on a light ocean blue/green see-through shirt with a cream tank top underneath. Her sleeves were rolled up to her elbows and the shirt was tucked into her skin-tight dark denim skinny jeans. Dana pulled her hair off her shoulders around one side and made a big sigh. She went back to typing on her computer.

I didn't want to startle her, so I took the last few steps towards her cubicle and cleared my throat. Dana still jumped slightly and spun around in her chair. Her light brown eyes lit up at the sight of me and her perfectly plump, light pink natural lips curled into a smile. Her skin was more bronze than usual, obviously she had been spending some time in the sun. I could feel the sexual tension rising in me once again, but I willed it away.

"Good morning, Dana, how are you doing?" I asked, making sure to keep my voice even and controlled. I was unsuccessful however, and heard my voice crack halfway through the sentence like a pubescent adolescent boy. I shook my head as she giggled, her slim fingers making their way up to her lips. I raised an eyebrow and pursed my lips in a mock annoyed look at her giggling. But inside, my whole body came alive with that melodic giggle that I loved. I knew that she knew she had me then.

Dana placed one slender leg over the other and folded her arms across her chest. She then moved her lips into the most sexual pout I had ever seen. "I've been better, boss." She said looking up at me with those big caramel brown eyes, her bottom lip moving back into the adorable pout.

My legs began to weaken as the desire coursed through my veins. I was hopeful that no one else in the office could see the playful interaction we were having as everyone in the office knew and loved Julia and would absolutely find this interaction inappropriate for me to be having with such a beautiful female employee.

I cleared my throat. "Um, can I see you in my office?" I managed to squeak out in that young boy voice again. As soon as I asked the question, I turned on the spot and started to walk back to my office. I didn't even know if she had gotten up to follow me or not, but my feet hurriedly carried me back through my office door and to my chair which I pulled all the way up to the desk to hide any signs of sexual arousal that I was sure was already beginning. I cursed at God for not making me a woman who could hide sexual arousal easily.

It felt like several minutes, but I knew that it was just a few seconds before Dana's slim, petite figure filled my office doorway. I motioned for her to come in and shut the door behind her. Dana obliged and then took a seat at one of the two chairs that faced my desk. I could feel the heat rising in my neck and face again, and was thankful that I kept my office relatively dimly lit as I couldn't stand the standard overhead lights the building insisted on putting in every office.

Dana was looking at me, and I realized I must have been silently staring at her for several seconds without saying anything. She crossed her legs again, placing an elbow on one and her chin in her hand, looking inquisitively at me, a quirky smile on her face. I knew she knew that she tortured me with every look she gave me.

I cleared my throat again. "Hey...I uh..." I took a deep breath. "I just wanted to make sure that we are OK after the other....night." I said in a shaky voice. "Well, I wanted to make sure YOU are ok after the other night." I lifted my eyes to meet hers. It looked like there were tears welling up in her eyes and I wanted to run to her and take her in my arms and tell her it was ok.

Dana cleared her voice softly. "I'm glad you pulled me in to ask," she stated in a voice barely above a whisper. "I feel like you have been avoiding me even more than usual." A tear crept out of her eye and slid down her perfect cheek.

I gulped. "Dana, I'm sorry. I should have been a better man and spoken to you about all of this sooner and made sure you were ok. It's just, every time I am around you I can't help but think about that night and what we did, and I feel guilty..." My voice trailed off and I looked down at my desk.

I felt warmth rush through me as her fingers lightly touched my hand. She was leaning forward, which gave a clear view down her shirt of her perfectly plump breasts. I forced my eyes up to hers as my cock began to harden in my pants. "Boss, it's ok. I know that you feel guilty. I know that you love your wife. I just also want to know that we are OK." I looked up at her gentle face. She was so understanding, which made me want her even more. I wanted to leap across the desk, take her in my arms and kiss her lips.

"Dana, thank you for understanding." I turned my hand so that I was now holding her hand from across the desk. "I need to work harder to be a man, and a boss, you can trust and respect." Even as I said the words, my heart fell into my feet. I looked down again, unable to handle any hurt that could be seen on her face.

I felt movement as she pulled her hand out of mine. As I looked up, Dana was already almost around my desk, heading for me. I rolled my chair back in surprise as I turned around to face her and hit my desk. She was standing right in front of me now. My cock surged again, hardening at her perfect body standing in front of me. She sat down across my lap, her fingers running up my neck to the edges of my wavy brown hair until both of her hands were around the back of my head, fingers brushing through the curls. She pulled my face closer to hers and whispered "I do trust and respect you, boss," as she pulled her lips to mine in a sweet, sensual, tender kiss...growing more passionate the longer we held it. My cock hardened completely and I felt it press against her leg. I know she felt it too because as it hardened against her, she slipped her tongue in between my lips and my arms wrapped around her instinctively pulling her closer against me.

It felt like the kiss lasted forever, my body igniting with a flame and lustful passion it hadn't had in years. I wanted to badly to pull her shirt off and kiss all over her tits. I ran my hands down her back to her plump ass sitting so sweetly sideways across my lap. I pulled her even harder against me, my cock pushing up against my pants. I felt a smile form on her lips as she continued to kiss me, her tongue continuing to sensually explore the depths of my mouth, sending tingles all over my body.

Stop it! I commanded myself, pulling away from her. Dana's eyes were closed as she sighed through her lips. She opened her eyes and I saw a deep love for me in her eyes. She leaned back against my arms that were still holding her to make sure she didn't slide off of my lap. She smiled at me, her eyes telling me that she understood why I had to stop. She placed her fingers against my shirted chest, tracing lightly down my chest with her fingers until they hit the top of my pants. I gulped.

"It's ok," Dana said. "I know this is wrong, but I had to kiss you at least once...to know what it feels like to taste your lips since all I've had is my imagination so far." Her voice trailed off as her fingers continued down until her hand was fondling my hard cock through my pants. "I needed to know what it feels like to touch you." She breathed a content sigh and then slid off my lap, her feet touching the floor gracefully. She stood up and smoothed out her shirt and her hair.

I looked longingly at her, knowing what I wanted so badly to do. Knowing that we had the time and privacy to do it. But I stayed seated, watching her slowly walk out of my office. "Dana..." I whispered as she reached a hand out to the door knob. She turned and looked at me, expectation in her eyes. I shook my head. "I'm sorry. I hope this doesn't make you uncomfortable."

She giggled, shook her head and opened the door, closing it behind her.

I growled as I roughly tried to push my erection down, a frown covering my face. I pulled my chair up to the desk again to hide the form of my cock against my pants. I put my head in my hands and breathed, not realizing I had been holding my breath. What am I doing? I asked myself. I looked at the picture of my family, my wife and daughter, and I sighed. I knew this is not what I wanted. I did not want to hurt my wife or my daughter, but for some reason I could not stop the feelings I had towards Dana. This was new territory for me.

********** Some time later **********

I turned into the parking lot at work Thursday morning knowing that today I would see Dana in several different capacities. We had our staff meeting and then I had to do her 90 day evaluation at 3pm. It had been almost a week since I had last seen her and she had kissed me. And still, I couldn't help but remember her soft lips against mine, the way my arms wrapped around her perfect little waist. I shook my head, shut off the engine and headed inside for my long day of meetings.

As I turned the corner to my office, I noticed her right away. She was making coffee at the Keurig right outside of my office door. I sucked a breath in as I took in the sight of her. She was wearing a fitted black pencil skirt with a slit that went well up her thigh and accented her perfectly plump ass, a satin blue shirt that was tucked into her skirt, making her waist look even smaller than it already was. She had on black heels to go with the outfit, and her brown hair flowed perfectly down around her shoulders.

I have no idea how long I stood there staring, but when she finally turned around, I wanted to run to her and take her in my arms and tell her we would figure everything out with Julia but that I had to have her now. Dana looked up at me and smiled, her whole face lighting up. She walked up to me, holding her coffee in one hand and placed her fingers lightly on my forearm. The blue blouse was unbuttoned just enough to reveal the top of her cleavage, her large round tits sitting perfectly tucked inside. "Goodmorning, boss!" She whispered, her lips grazing my earlobe as she leaned in. And just as soon as she did she started to walk past me. I turned and saw her swaying her hips seductively, even more than they usually swayed. She got to her cubicle and turned to smile at me, her red lipstick accentuating her plump lips perfectly.

I smiled back and then turned to go into my office to place my items before heading to the conference room for our staff meeting. I shook my head as I went into my office and smiled. She knew what she was doing. She knew what she had to do to get me to want her even more, to have a control over me. I should have been angry with her, with all the time I had spent on trying to avoid any interaction that could be a betrayal to Julia, but I was intrigued. With how sweet Dana always appeared to everyone, she seemed to have a dominance to her and a way to manipulate my heart. I grabbed a notebook and pen and headed to the conference room.

During the staff meeting, Dana placed herself two seats away, where she knew I could see her perfectly at the large conference room table. She had her legs crossed and was pushed out from the table enough for me to see the slit in her skirt showing much of her upper thigh. I continued talking to the group, discussing business matters that needed to be addressed, but my eyes kept turning back to her. And I could feel the fact that her gaze never left me. And out of the corner of my eye I could see her shift in her seat exposing more skin on her smooth leg and adjusting her shirt, unbuttoning another button near the top and shifting so I could see the tops of her plump breasts even from sitting down. I looked over at her and her red lips curled into a playful smile.

I just need to get through this day, then I will take a vacation. I said to myself.

Before I knew it I was just a few minutes away from 3PM. I looked at my computer screen blankly, watching the little clock on the bottom corner race through the minutes like it was a high speed chase. The numbers grew larger...3PM. I got up slowly from my desk, grabbed the 90 day evaluation and headed back towards the conference room. As I walked down the hallway, Dana came around the corner and almost bumped into me. "Conference room, right?" She giggled.

"Yes!" I said, smiling at her as she turned and headed back towards the conference room. I followed her, trying to keep my gaze above her ass, but not successfully. I smirked to myself and followed her through the conference room door, closing it behind me. She was standing beside the door, waiting for me to choose a seat. I smiled at her and sat down in a chair. She sat down in the chair next to me and crossed her legs, her skirt inching up along her thighs, the slit showing a generous amount of skin.

"Dana," I moved my gaze up to her eyes. "I want to start by saying that I literally have nothing negative to report about your work for the past 90 days." I turned my eyes to the paper in front of me.

Dana cleared her throat and placed her hand on my knee, sidling up to me. Her bare arm brushed the hairs of my arm lightly, causing my entire body to ignite once again at the thought of her soft skin and her soft lips. Her hand slid further down my thigh towards my cock. I tried to focus on the words in front of me on the paper. But once her hand touched my cock, causing it to start hardening, I knew I had to say something.

"Dana...I..." My voice trailed off as I turned to look at her and she spun my chair around. She climbed on top of my lap, her legs on each side of my legs. I quickly put my arms around her, steadying her on my lap. I looked up at her as she brought her lips down on mine, her hands grabbing the back of my neck hard while doing so. She bit my lip hard as she continued to kiss me. I pulled away slightly, rubbing my lip with my thumb.

"Now listen here, boss," Dana said in a commanding whisper. "I'm in charge of you today, I'M the boss. You're going to do what I say. Whatever I want." She moved her knees to the back of the chair and pushed her hips hard down towards mine. My cock pushed up through my pants. "I want you to know, I don't have panties on," Dana said as she pushed her pussy down onto my covered cock. She pushed her skirt up higher around her waist. My hands instinctively went to her bare ass and I shuddered, desire filling me and my resolve to resist her melting away.

Dana pushed herself up off my cock and slid herself off the chair. She pulled her skirt off of her hips, dropping it down to the floor. Her pussy was completely bare and I could see what looked like a glistening between the lips of her pussy. She then unbuttoned her shirt and pulled it off to reveal a black and red lace bra. "Do you want me to go further?" She asked in her commanding whisper.

I nodded my head, knowing that I had no control whatsoever in this situation. Dana smiled at me and walked around behind me. "Then I need you to do what I tell you to do," She whispered in my ear. I nodded in agreement, her warm breath sending shivers down my spine. "Give me your hands," She commanded. I put my hands back behind my chair and gasped as I felt her tying my hands up with rope. The excitement coursing through my body was clear as my cock pushed up harder against my pants and my breathing quickened.
