 "Hey Mikey, how've you been?!"

His mum threw her arms around him as he through down his suitcase in the hall. "I'm great, thanks, Mum, and..."

Mike trailed off. He was looking over his mother's shoulder at the girl who stood behind her.

He remembered his sister's friend Rebecca from the summer before as a very pretty girl, but he'd had no idea she'd ever look like she did now. 

"Heya, Mikey," she grinned. "How you been?"

"Uh, good thanks, Rebecca, you?"

She laughed and went back in to join his sister Ruth in the other room.

Mike's eyes followed her, or her ass, to be correct, all the way. She was now the sexiest girl he'd ever seen. Only just 18, she was 5'8 with a perfect slim figure and small perky breasts. Her ass was small and round and moved irresistibly from side to side as she walked over to the TV and bent over. She glanced back and saw him staring, and he hastily looked away.

That night it was just him, Ruth, and Rebecca in the house. They were in the TV room when Ruth's mobile rang. 

"What? Ok, fine, I'll see you in a few."

She hung up.

"Becky, I'm really sorry, but I've got to run down the road to Julie. She's really upset - John's with her and they've been fighting. D'you mind coming down?"

Rebecca looked at her.

"Ruthie, you know I can't - John hates me. You go though; I'll be fine here."

She looked at Mike as she said this, with a smirk on her face.

"Ok, well, you take car of Becky, ok, Mikey?"

"Uh, sure, Ruth, no worries."

Ruth ran out of the room and they heard the front door slam behind her. For a few seconds there was silence.

"So, Rebecca..."

She smirked at him again.

"Call me Becky, Mike, why don't you?"

"Ok, sure then, Becky. How've you been doing. Keeping busy?"

She grinned. "Not busy enough. It's not the same without you around."

He laughed nervously.

"Well, I'm back for the next few weeks."

"I know," she whispered, "we'd better make sure we have some fun.

They'd been sitting on the same couch, and she'd turned towards him as soon as Ruth had left the room. Now she slid her hand on to his chest and began to slide it in between the buttons of his shirt, feeling his smooth, tanned chest.

"Mmmm, have you been working out, Mike?"

Mike couldn't believe this was happening. If there'd been one girl he'd always wanted to have sex with, it was Becky, but she'd always seemed out of bounds, being a schoolgirl and his sister's best friend. She didn't seem to think the same way though.

He decided he may as well go with it - she was incredibly hot and he was incredibly turned on.

He put his hand on her ass and pulled her on to him. 

She was wearing a short denim skirt and a tight t-shirt, and nothing else. He could see her nipples becoming harder as he looked. 

She grabbed the front of his shirt with both hands and ripped it open revealing his broad chest. He pulled her mouth down to his and began to kiss her passionately, sliding his tongue around her lips, teeth, and tongue. She was the best kisser he'd ever kissed. She was rubbing his chest with one hand, and the other was moving over the bulge in his jeans that was now straining to get loose.

She started kissing down his neck and then began licking his chest, running her tongues round and then on to his nipples, licking and sucking them. 

He moved both his hands beneath her skirt and began feeling her thighs and ass. Her legs were perfect; slim and smooth, and her ass was firm and tight.

She sat up on him, and pulled her t-shirt over her head to reveal her small delicious breasts. Her nipples were standing out from them and he grabbed her back with a moan as he pulled her down again and began sucking on her young breasts. She was till rubbing his bulge through his jeans and now began to slide off his belt. 

She undid the top of his jeans and pulled free his boxers. 

His penis came flying out of them, standing tall. She grinned at it, and lowered her tongue on to the tip. Mike closed his eyes in ecstasy as she ran her tongue round the top of his penis and then began to kiss and lick it. 

Mike couldn't believe this. He had an 18-year-old schoolgirl sucking on his cock as he lay on his parents' couch.

He finally ripped off her skirt. She wasn't wearing any panties and her felt her tight little pussy, wet and warm, with his fingers.

"Oh, Mike, yeah, please".

He lifted her up and sat her down on his face, and began to explore her pussy with his tongue. She moaned in pleasure as she finally fulfilled her dream. Ever since she had been 13, and he 15, she had always wanted Ruth's brother so badly, and now he was eating her pussy. 

He stood up, lifting her with him, and carried her into the garden. He laid her down on the grass.

"Come on Mikey, you know what I want!"

"Becky, I can't believe this, but I want you so bad."

"So do me bad," she whispered.

He moved on top of her, but she rolled him over so she was lying on top of him.

Without wasting a second, she rammed herself on to him and impaled her sweet young pussy on his throbbing cock. She bounced up and down on it, faster, and faster. He was holding on to her young teenage ass, pulling her back down on to him every time. Mike could feel the buildup in his cock, and suddenly it was there. He exploded into her, he could feel stream after stream going deep into this sexy young girl sitting on top of him.

She was moaning again now, and then fell down on to his chest again, and began kissing him with the same fire as before. She pulled herself off him and began to lick his cock again. It didn't take long for it to get hard again.

She lubricated it up with his own semen and began to give him the best blowjob he'd ever had. Less than a minute later, he was coming again, this time, all over her, as she worked his cock up and down and allowed herself to be covered in his shining, hot cum. She licked it off her slim, tanned body.

"So Mike, you think we're going to have some fun now you're back?"

He grinned back at her.

"Think we should be able to find something to do alright, Becky."