 As she woke she was sore and every part of her hurt, she could feel the bruising on her thighs as she sat she moaned, the hotel room was empty and the night a complete blur to her. She could now see the bruises along her thighs and her ankles, there was also something dried ion and stuck to her as she looked closer she gasped.

"Oh my god..." She squealed in shock she frantically looked around the sheets and could see stains on the bed as she whimpered it had begun to dawn that last night she had had sex and by the looks quite a lot, the problem was she couldn't remember a thing.

She moved to the edge of the bed where her clothes were strewn over the floor from the door to the edge of the bed, she climbed out of bed and whimpered as the shock of pain ran through her legs, she moved along searching for her phone, turning it over to look at the screen, a bunch of missed calls, and texts, her social media also apparently had been busy trying to track her down. Quickly she skimmed through any pictures from the night, mostly in the bar and her acting like a goof, but nothing that gave away what happened between there and the hotel she was now in.

She flicked through the texts to see one from her best friend, then a second a third had him worried as he was clearly trying to get hold of her now. Seven of the calls were also his number as she hit redial.

It was around 7 am on a Sunday morning and now she just hoped he would pick up, the line seemed to ring forever as her heart leapt into her throat thinking he may not answer her call of desperation, finally, the line connected and his groggy voice instantly settling "Hello?"

"Alex, oh my god Alex," She stammered, she could almost hear him as he sat and instantly snapped awake.

"Becka, where the hell are you, I've been trying to get hold of you, I've been so damn worried,"

"I'm Ok ... at least I think I am, I left the bar, guess on my own? Or with someone, I don't remember, but I woke up in a hotel room and well ...." She paused with a sigh.

"OK, what hotel? I'll come get you, we can figure this out together," He replied. She looked around finding a menu with the hotel name.

"The Shore Side," She whispered softly, as she made her way to the window she could see the sea as it crashed upon the beach beyond, the streets empty at such an early hour.

"Alright it's not that far, will be there in about twenty minutes, get your stuff and check out I'll meet you outside OK," His voice was soft at yet there was an authority to it that made her respond.

"OK, Alex, hurry please, I'm ...." She didn't need to finish

"I know, I'm coming OK," The line clicked off and she began to dress, each piece of clothing an effort as she pulled on her skirt having ditched her panties due to it hurting too much when the fabric pushed against her, finally dressed she stuffed the panties into her bag and grabbed her phone checking a new text ==Almost there==

She left the room and closed the door before heading to the ground floor, the woman at the desk smiled at her wryly as she handed over the key.

"The room bill has already been paid, have a nice day," She grinned and Becka flinched at her words before lowering her head and nodding, with that she made her way outside the fresh sea air immediately hitting her as did the biting cold of the early morning, she wrapped her arms around her being in only a skirt and shirt there was no escape from that cold. A few moments later and she saw Alexs' car pulled to the curb, and that familiar tall frame of his exit, clearing the gap between them in a moment as his arms wrapped around she collapsed against him sobbing.

"Hey it's OK, I got you," He kissed the top of her head, much as he had a thousand times before, her best friend in the whole world once again picking up the pieces of another of her messes.

"I don't know what happen .... I can't remember ... oh god, I hurt all over .... Like really hurt ..." She stumbled over her words as the torrent of emotion broke through. He took her hand and led her to the czar opening the door and helping in, fastening her belt as he drew back he looked to her and smiled.

"I'm here, we got this OK," She nodded to his words and he closed the door moments later climbing into the driver's side and starting the car, the sounds of 80's rock music filling the car as the engine started.

They drove quietly as she tried to make sense of the night before, she remembered seeing Alex til her other friend picked her up and they went to the bar, she danced, drank, talked to a bunch of guys, one guy bought her a drink, then a second, then he left and another girl was talking to her after that it got foggy and she remembered nothing. She sighed softly, drawing a look from Alex to which she just smiled.

It seemed to take forever but finally they pulled into the familiar car park, and the high rise tower ahead as the car stopped she was jolted back to the world. He climbed from the car and as before came to her side helping her from the car, the beep of the alarm as the car locked behind them and slowly they made their way toward the tower block. 5 minutes later and the click of the key in his lock, the door opened and she was in his flat, away from the horror of the world beyond.

She made her way to the front room and slid onto the sofa, drawing her knees under her with a whimper, everything now screaming at her in pain. Alex appeared a moment later with a blanket to pull over her a second kiss to her head, a reminder of how much he cared about her.

"I'm going to make coffee, want one? Or anything else?" His voice was soft and the concern that etched it made her aware that he was worried for her.

"Pain killers? I am really hurting, I don't know what I did but I'm paying for it," She whimpered softly, he smiled, nodded and disappeared off to the kitchen was actually just opposite where she now sat, the flat was more two rooms, and a bathroom bedsit style arrangement but he was happy here and she visited often, most days as it happened, Alex had been her best friend for as long as she could remember, they lived next door to each other when they were young and went to the same schools, they had always been close, he had always watched out for her even as reckless as she tended to be. He was always the one that picked her and put her back together every single time.

As he returned he handed her tub of pain killers, "You should rest, no offence but you look like shit,"

She actually smiled and managed to throw a cushion at him in reply before whimpering from the pain the act created "You're mean," she mumbled.

"Yea but you love me and it made you smile, so there," He stuck his tongue at her and again she couldn't help but smile, Alex was such a child at times, there was a care free sense to him that she couldn't help but admire, "Anyway sleep, I'll be here when you wake up,"

She nodded and shifted to settle, the familiarity of his place allowed the world to slip from her and a few moments later she was asleep.

Chapter 2

As he stirred and stretched she felt the pain hit and whimpered in response, she sat and looked at the clock she had slept most of the day, as she looked around she couldn't see Alex. As she sat her legs hurt probably worse than they had in the morning, she reached for the painkillers once more taking a couple with what was left of Alexs long cold coffee.

She stood a little awkward and made her way to the bathroom, a few moments emerging to to look in the bedroom, his bed still unmade from his hasty exit, undoubtedly to go get her, his laptop was still on, her social media page with her face and a picture from the night before, she couldn't help but wonder if he had fallen asleep trying to hunt her down.

He was nowhere to be found which of course put a crimp in the whole I'll be here when you wake up statement, not that she hadn't woken up alone here a thousand or more times before, she made her way to the kitchen and peering into the fridge for something to eat, finally settling on a sandwich and pulling the required items from the fridge and then bread from the bread bin, she could swear he was the only guy in the world that kept bread in his bread bin. She smiled to herself at the thought and set about making the sandwich.

She placed the sandwich on a plate and then back to the bedroom to rummage through his drawers locating one of her nightgowns and promptly changing into it tossing her clothes in the corner of his bedroom, staring at them for a few minutes before sighing and collecting her sandwich settling back on the sofa to watch TV until he returned.

It was a while before she finally heard his key in the lock and the door open, she looked up to see him and smiled "Hey, where'd you go?"

"Needed supplies, figured you weren't going home tonight and kinda low on resources," He replied closing the door and kicking off his boots in the small hallway by the door.

"I got a sandwich I'm good," She replied.

He looked at the door with a frown then disappeared once more before finally returning shopping bags in hand placing them on the kitchen counter.

"Well if your gonna feed yourself I wont bother next time!" He replied a mock tone of anger in his words.

"Oh shut up, I woke up you were gone, you suck in playing nice, you know that right? What happened to be here when you wake up," She tried to imitate him but it only result in her giggling.

"You were snoring figured I had the time," He shrugged with a grin, "So seriously how you feeling?"

His question sent her crashing back to reality as she stared back to the floor now, the room falling awkwardly quiet.

"Still sore, still remember nothing, still scared out of my wits," She replied.

"Can't have been that good if you don't remember right?" His words were meant to be funny, but the moment he said them they both knew it wasn't she looked away and swallowed down the emotion that burnt up inside he. Alex simply returned to packing away the groceries. Another intensely awkward silence falling between them.

It felt like forever before he finally made his way to her crouching on the floor before her taking her hands and looking to her.

"I'm sorry, I didn't mean that sound as it did, kinda mouth before brain, as usual, I just meant..." His words trailed off as she looked to, her eyes now puffy and swollen as she had silently been crying the last few minutes, "Hey come on now," he moved up to sit beside her drawing her to him and again she collapsed into a wave of emotion.

She could have sword she'd been crying for hours against his chest, he never once moved, continuing to stroke her hair gently and hold her close, to her in that moment, it was the safest place in the world. It was in that moment something began to dawn on her.

"I'm sorry, it must suck," She sobbed softly.

"What?" He replied.

""Always having to pick up after me, see me get into these messes and know you'll have clean it, all through our lives, and never having any thanks for it," She replied now pushing herself to sit. She knew she had suddenly begun to tread dangerous ground, an unspoken understanding between, a line they had never even tried to cross.

"You're my best friend, the one person I trust more than anyone in my life, I know if things were the other way round, and they have been on occasion, you'll pick up the pieces," He replied, his words showed he wasn't grasping what she was trying to say now.

"Like that's ever happened," She snapped back a little more than she'd meant to.

"Jessica, Sarah, Rachel?" He replied firmly, all ex-girlfriends, and each had screwed him up just a little bit more than the last. She had as he had pointed out, been the one to sit with him and work through it, as well as help with birthday and Christmas presents, and sat idly on the side lines as his best friends. She also hated each of them a little more the longer each relationship had lasted.

"Small compared to my drunken whored out ass," She sighed.

"Shut up, I've told you to stop being so down on yourself, you're allowed to be yourself and it has never once changed anything between us,"

"It should have," She snapped angrily now, the fact he was missing her point was beginning to annoy her "Or am I just not pretty enough for you?"

He looked stunned now as he stared at her, pulling away from her now as he stared her.

"What are you talking about? Of course, your pretty enough," He paused as she saw something in his eyes she hadn't seen directed to her in a long time, "But you don't even fucking see it do you? Because you think you have to play to what everyone else expects, you're a mess Becka, I've lost count of the number of times I've had to pick up after you spread your legs for some guy because you're too fucking hammered to even know, or care sometimes I wonder which, and then today yet again I'm the one picking your drunken ass up because you don't remember which guys cock you got ploughed by," He stopped again the moment his words left his mouth he knew it was too far.

Becka sprang to her feet and ran from the room, the slam of his bedroom as she collapsed against in a fit of tears and emotion, slamming her hand against the door and ground as she cried. She cried and pounded the floor and door angrily for a while before her eyes caught sight of his laptop, still open on her page as she crawled toward it, sliding onto his bed to check the picture and there it was under her picture a post from him to her --Becka where are you? Getting kinda scared here haven't heard from since you left and right now I can't think straight because your muppeted friend has gone and lost you—

She stared at the screen and his words before she heard the bedroom door, she looked to see him standing in the door.

"Too far, I'm sorry,"

"True though, I don't deserve you, really I don't," She whimpered now "I'm sorry if I scared you,"

"Getting used to it," He replied now making his way to the bed, climbing in behind her as she laid back against him, instantly feeling the safety of him overwhelm her, she rolled over to face him.

"Can we be honest with each other for a few minutes, no bullshit between us?"

"I thought we generally were, or are, or sure," He stammered, once again she knew he had no clue what she was trying to get at.

"Why do you think we never, you know tried, to be together?"

"I don't see you that way, you're my best friend why would I risk that?" He replied.

It stung but at least it made sense to her, she felt her stomach knot as she swallowed down the lump in her throat.

"Not even once, thought about me in anyway more than a friend," She measured each word now as she spoke, she shouldn't and she was aware she should have stopped pressing the issue at that moment but something stopped her, the same she suspected stopped her been the way she was beyond these walls.

"I ..." He didn't reply as she stared at him she saw the flush creep through his cheeks.

"You have? Oh my god you're such a pervert," She grinned now poking his chest with a laugh.

"No, I have, I mean, ah crap OK maybe once or twice I needed a relief and well," He stumbled over his words, something else she found cute about him when he was nervous his words made less sense but were usually as truthful as he was willing to get.

"It's OK, at least I'm not totally repulsive to you, so as long as I'm the last woman alive I have a chance right?" She smiled softly.

"Can we stop now," He murmured softly.

"No because now it's my turn," She replied as she moved closer to him, slowly she placed her hand over his heart, she could feel as it hammered against his chest, racing and she suspected out of fear "The reason we have never, is because we have known each other so long, and we're both afraid that if we did we would lose what we have now. Your shit with commitment, couldn't keep a girl if your life depended on it, as for me it's easy I know why I do what I do, I'm afraid that no one would measure up to the one guy I love more than anything,"

As she paused she moved closer, she swore she felt his heart miss a beat and it was now definitely racing under her hand "Until an hour ago I couldn't figure it, but I love you, Alex, I have done for a long time, unconditionally and completely, why else are the one I run back to? The one guy who has always seen me for me, so there you have it,"

The moment seemed to hold between them, she could swear his heart had stopped at her words as the look in his eyes altered, gone from bewildered to something entirely different, his hand slipped over her waist and encouraged her closer, slowly she did now pushing tight into his body as she swallowed hard his eyes remained on hers.

"I want to, truthfully I want to, but if we do it won't ever go back," He stated softly.

"That is a lame way of saying you don't love me like that, so I'll make it easy for you, you don't have to. I am giving myself to you and you alone from now on, if you want me, take me, if you don't..."

His lips found hers, the intensity actually caused her breathe to stick before she responded against his, her hand now making its way to her back, it was in that moment the most deep and intense kiss she had ever experienced.

He stared into her eyes as they broke from the kiss "How about we don't force the issue, if at some point it happens then it happens, but no expectations and no pressure?"

She smiled and nodded allowing a hand to stray between his legs, her hand finding the solid muscle that was his cock caused her smile to grin "At least I know I have an effect,"

"Oh god yes, longer than I'm going to admit," He smiled and scrambled out of bed "Now dinner, what do you fancy?"

"Steak?" She chuckled and he laughed.

Chapter 3

It was late now, Alex was stretched out on the sofa and she was laid against him between his legs, they watched some action movie, out of habit more than want now as she lay listening to the beat of his heart, soothing to her. As she went to shift to get a little more comfortable she whimpered from the pain which was now a stark reminder of the night before.

"You OK?" He asked, that same concern in his words that always reminded her how he cared for her.

"Not really," She replied solemnly in the statement.

He shifted under her forcing her to sit and again she moaned in pain, he moved to stand and retrieve bit from the kitchen.

"Let me have a look?" He stated softly.

"Why are you gonna kiss it better?" She replied, half in jest half in annoyance at him disturbing the little comfort she had beforehand.

He shook his head placed the bowl of water on the table then knelt between her legs, she scooted to the edge of the sofa and he slowly pushed them apart causing her a degree of discomfort once more. The bruising was deep and in the shape of what appeared to be patterns of finger prints all along her inner thighs, she watched as he pulled a tube of cream squirting some into his palm before rubbing it around to warm it, the moment his hands touched her skin she whimpered.

His hand's worked slowly, massaging the cream into the flesh of her thigh, as much as she tried not to her body responded causing her to moan. As he finished massaging the opposite thigh he looked up to her.

"And you say I'm the pervert," He teased now.

"You have your hand on my thighs, and you threatened to kiss my bruises better what were you expecting?" She giggled in reply.

"Ah I see, you want me to.." The shock of electric that ripped through her as he kissed the flesh of her inner thigh caused her whimpered half in pain half from the pleasure, a second kiss quickly added to the pleasure, a third kiss was higher up her thigh than the last and caused her body to tense, her thighs suddenly trembled against a fourth and fifth kiss, "Apparently you like that?"
