 You might say that I'm a "connoisseur" of beautiful women since I'm always on the lookout for those special women that just "catch your eye" when they walk by. Well, one of those women currently works on the same floor as I do; her name is Julie. Julie is in her mid 40's, has beautiful, mocha colored skin, large firm breasts, dark tantalizing eyes, and a firm, toned body that makes her look much younger. I've know Julie for a long time and I always thought that she was beautiful, but in the past, she always worked for some "executive", which made it very difficult to talk with her.

Julie recently went through some major life changes, divorce, daughter moving away to college and a new position at work. The new job also brought this mocha skinned goddess to my floor and now I see her walk by my office all of the time. One day we bumped into each other in the hallway and began chatting. We were both very surprised when we realized that we lived in the same neighborhood. A common bond was immediately established and we began to talk more and more. Julie would stop by the office and provide her "reviews" of the latest movies that she'd seen and we would talk and laugh, it was great!

I began to send Julie emails. Very innocent at first, but I slowly began to throw in a few subtle hints that I was attracted to her. Lately each email that we exchanged seemed to raise the stakes a little higher. It didn't' take Julie long to realize that I had been interested in her for a very long time. I kept asking her to have lunch with me but she was reluctant since she knew I was married. After a few weeks of my constant prodding, Julie finally agreeing to go to lunch with me.

On the day of the big lunch I didn't see Julie all morning since I was very busy. As lunchtime rolled around I heard a gentle rapping at my door and I looked up to see Julie standing in my doorway. She had on a tight black shirt that accented her large firm breasts and a black, silky looking skirt that fell just below her knees. I looked up and smiled, "Well good morning Julie" I said as she stood in my doorway, leaning against the doorframe.

"Come on, lets get out of here", Julie said, "I'll drive if that's okay with you". As we were walking to her car I asked Julie where we were going for lunch.

"We're going to my house, isn't that what you wanted?" Julie said with a smile. I couldn't believe what I was hearing; it was like a fantasy coming true right before my eyes! I couldn't take my eyes off this beautiful woman as I sat there in the passenger seat of her car, still not sure what was about to happen. On the way to her house, Julie looked over at me with a mischievous little smile that gave me butterflies in my stomach and finally, I couldn't stand it any longer. I reached over and placed my hand on Julie's hand and she squeezed my hand gently and began to rub my fingers with her thumb. This sent electricity up my arm and made my cock begin to stir. I leaned over a little and ran my hand up her arm and back down to her fingers. Julie took my hand and placed it on her right leg and pulled her dress up to expose her long, slender legs. I slowly ran my hand up her leg and as my hand inched higher and higher, Julie spread her legs apart.

I pushed my hand between her legs and started to stroke Julie's crotch and soon, her underwear began to get wet. I pulled her panties to the side and started to rub the outside lips of her pussy with my fingers. I heard Julie's breathing getting faster and faster as I increased the up and down motion of my fingers. While we were sitting at a stoplight, Julie leaned her head back, closed her eyes and began to run her fingers around her nipples in tight, brisk circles as she pushed her pussy hard against my hand. My cock was throbbing by now and I used my free hand to rub the growing bulge in my pants.

Within minutes we were at Julie's house and she pulled into the garage and closed the door behind us. As we walked into her house I wrapped my arms around Julie, pressing her body tightly against mine as I gazed into her beautiful dark eyes. We kissed passionately as I ran my hands down her back and across her buttocks, pressing her against me even tighter. I ran my hands up Julie's body and began to caress her breasts. I could feel her nipples begin to harden through her shirt so I leaned over and began to nibble them through her shirt. Julie said, "Wait just a minute" and took off her shirt and tossed it onto the floor. Next came the bra and suddenly I was looking at Julie's firm, plump breasts! I stood there a moment, soaking in this erotic image and then I leaned over and started to kiss and caress her breasts as I slowly ran my hand down between her legs. I slide my hand up her skirt and down inside her panties. I ran my fingers up and down the lips of her pussy and Julie's breathing quickened. I felt her body quiver as I spread her lips with my fingers and started stimulating her clit. I tongue kissed Julie deeply as I continue to play with her clit and slide my fingers in and out of her pussy. After a few minutes, Julie's hips begin to pulsate against my hand and I knew that she was close to orgasm. Suddenly, Julie's entire body tensed, her head tilted back and she let out a low moan as the waves of orgasm surged through her body.

I held Julie close to me until her orgasm subsided and she took my hand and led me toward her bedroom. Julie pushed me onto the bed, closed the bedroom door and dropped her skirt to the floor. As she walked back toward me, I heard her whisper, "Mmmmm that was nice now it's your turn to cum!" Julie sat in my lap with her back to me and began rubbing her ass against my throbbing cock. I reached around her and cupped her beautiful orbs in my hands as I stimulated her nipples with my fingers. Julie began to move her ass in slow circles on top of my cock as she leaned back against me. I ran one hand inside her underwear and slid my fingers in and out of her wet pussy. Julie pressed her ass firmly against my cock as I stimulated her clit. After a few seconds, she began pounding her ass against me in a rhythmic, pulsating motion. I whispered in her ear " I want to fuck you so bad I'm about to cum in my pants!". Julie turned around and said, "Oh no! You are not going to cum yet!". Julie stood up, slipped her underwear off, pushed me back on the bed and laid on top of me. We kissed passionately for several minutes; our tongues darting in and out of each other's mouths as I ran my hands down the small of her back to her firm, bare ass. Julie sat up and began to unbutton my shirt, when she finished with the last button, I pulled off my shirt and threw it onto the floor.

Julie straddled me and slowly ran her fingers through the hair on my chest and stomach before sliding her hands down between my legs to rub the throbbing bulge in my pants. I pulsed my hips to force my cock against the firm motion of her hands as she rubbed my cock through my pants. Julie unbuckled my belt, unbuttoned my pants and slid her fingers just inside the waistband. As her fingertips touched the head of my engorged member, I lifted my ass off the bed and tried to pull my pants down some.

Julie grabbed my hands and said, "patience my dear, patience". She slid her fingers back inside my pants and started running them around and around the head of my cock in slow, gentle circles. Next, Julie began to unzip my pants very slowly and spread the zippered opening to expose my rigid member lurking inside my silk boxers. "Uuuummm, silk", I heard Julie say as she ran her fingers across the smooth fabric. The sensation of her fingers on my dick through the silk boxers was wonderful.

Julie pulled the waistband of my boxers down just enough to expose the huge, purple head of my throbbing cock. She knelt beside me on the bed and licked the head of my cock with the rigid, tip of her tongue in light, flicking motions. The sensation of her tongue on the head of my cock was so intense that I began to groan. Julie ran her hands deeper into my shorts and started rubbing up and down the length of my shaft and my groans grew louder. She looked up and said, "Open your eyes I want you to watch me suck your cock!"

Julie slid down to the end of the bed and slowly pulled my pants down like she was shucking an ear of corn. Every few inches she would pause to rub her tits against my legs and occasionally kiss and lick the inside of my thighs. Upon completion of this task, Julie began crawling back up toward me. I could feel her dragging her firm, naked body across my legs and soon I felt her lips neared my throbbing shaft. She laid between my legs and gently circled the head of my cock with her tongue.

Around and around Julie ran her tongue, as she held my erect shaft firmly with both hands. I pushed my hips upwards, forcing my cock toward her mouth and Julie responded by slowly engulfing the swollen head of my cock with her beautiful, red lips. I watched as she moved her lips down to the base of the head and then slowly brought them back up to the tip. My cock was throbbing by now and I wanted her to take more of my shaft into her mouth. Once again I pushed my hips upward, trying to send the message that I wanted her to take more of me in her mouth. Julie looked up at me and I saw her eyes smile, she knew what I wanted, but wasn't going to give it to me yet.

My body tensed as Julie started to run her pursed lips across the soft erogenous area on the bottom of my shaft, right underneath the head. I felt her tongue begin to flick across this area and my body tensed as the waves of pleasure surged through my cock. I closed my eyes and arched my back, Julie looked up at me and said, "You'd better open your eyes it you want me to suck your cock!"

I opened my eyes and looked down to see Julie smile and then she engulfed my cock with her mouth. I tensed my body and began to pulsate my hips to match the up and down motions of Julie's lips, thrusting my cock deeper and deeper into her mouth. Julie began taking more and more of my cock into her mouth until her lips were touching the base of my shaft. I could feel Julie's lips gliding up and down the shaft of my cock as I closed my eyes in ecstasy as the waves of pleasure pulsated through me! As I open my eyes and looked down, the visual sensation of Julie taking the entire length of my cock into her mouth over and over was overwhelming and I let out a long low moan.

As if on cue, Julie pulled my cock from her mouth and in a playful tone said, "Not yet!". She wrapped her hand around my slick shaft and started to slide it up and down as she cradled my balls with her other hand. She leaned back over and began running her tongue up and down the length of my shaft. When Julie would reach the head, she would swirl her tongue around and then stimulate the sensitive area on the underside of my shaft, licking and sucking it. Julie repeated this ritual over and over as I lay writhing on the bed. The pleasure was building to a crescendo as Julie started to take my cock into her mouth again. This time her motions were centered on the head and the top half of my shaft. Julie had both hands wrapped around the base of my shaft as she caressed by balls with her thumbs. When she felt my balls begin to draw up close to my body, she knew that I was nearing orgasm and she increased the pace of her assault. In the next few seconds my balls began to pump my hot cum into her mouth. Julie sucked and swallowed until every last drop of cum has been drained from my pulsating cock. As she pulled back, she ran her tongue along the underside of my shaft and I felt my cock shudder.

I lay back on the bed in the thick fog of erotic euphoria and I felt Julie lay next to me, pressing her tits against my chest. "Okay, it's my turn" Julie said as she laid back and spread her legs invitingly. I smiled and slowly leaned over and started sucking her hard, erect nipples as I ran my hand down through her soft curly bush to finger her wet pussy. Julie reached over and grabbed my cock and began to squeeze and tug it gently. My tongue made a figure eight pattern across Julie's chest as I licked the nipple on one breast and then another in rapid succession. I moved over and knelt between her legs and begin to press my limp cock against her cunt. Julie thrust her hips upwards, pressing her moist cunt against my balls.

As I knelt over Julie I could smell the musky scent of her pussy and I couldn't wait to taste her. I slid down between her legs and gently blew my hot breath across her wet pussy as I ran my tongue along her outer lips and she let out a shuddering breath. I laid there for a few seconds just admiring what a beautiful pussy Julie had....soft, wispy brown hair, neatly trimmed into a thin strip that looked almost like an arrow pointing down toward her lips. I ran the tip of my nose up and down the length of her slit and the intoxicating aroma of her wet cunt filled my nostrils! I pressed my lips against her wetness to taste the sweet nectar oozing from her moist box as I surrounded her pussy with my hands. I pulled back her outer lips and pressed my mouth against her pussy, pushing my tongue deep into her vagina.

Julie gasped and pressed her pussy against my face, "Oh, yeah!" she exclaimed, "that's what I want." I licked up and down the moist inner lips of her pussy, slowly working my way up to her clit. I hardened my tongue and started licking circles around Julie's clitoris. Large circles at first, then smaller and smaller; increasing the pace as I got closer and closer to her clit. Finally, I ran my hard tongue across her clit and Julie moaned as her body tensed. I lightly flicked my tongue across her clit as her hips began to make small circles on the bed.

"Do you want me to suck your clit?", I asked.

"Yes, oh yes! Suck my clit!", Julie groaned. I sucked her clit between my lips and while holding it there, flicked my tongue against is gently. Julie started yelling, "Yes, oh yes!!" and her hips began to gyrate wildly. Sensing that Julie was getting closer and closer to orgasm, I got down to business. I spread the lips of her pussy open with my fingers even further and begin to nibble and suck her clit, circling it with my tongue again and again. I aggressively licked her pussy up and down, running my tongue across her clit and then plunging it deep down inside her pussy. Julie began screaming, "Yes, yes, oh YES!I" as she pushed her pussy firmly against my mouth. I continued to suck, lick and caress her clit until her back arched and her body locked in another powerful quivering orgasm that seemed to last for ever.

Julie lay on the bed with her eyes closed as I work my way back up her body, kissing and licking her body along the way. As I knelt beside her, Julie rolled over onto her side and begin to take my cock into her mouth again. The sensation of her lips gliding up and down the shaft of my cock had the desired affect and soon my cock was rock hard again. I climbed between Julie's legs and started rubbing my rigid member up and down the lips of her cum soaked pussy. I could feel her body tense, as the head of my cock would brush across her clit. My cock was pounding with anticipation as I continued to rub it up and down the lips of her wet pussy. I slowly slide the head of my cock between the waiting lips of her pussy, and stopped. Julie pressed her pussy against me trying to get more of my cock inside her, but I wrapped my hand around the shaft of my cock to prevent any further penetration.

Julie began to moan, "More, I want more please!" "Not yet!" I told her and Julie moaned her disapproval. I continued to tease her for several more minutes; slipping the head of my cock into her, then pulling it out and rubbing it across the wet lips of her pussy over and over. Finally, when the anticipation had built to an almost intolerable level, I plunged my cock deep inside her. "OH YES!" I heard Julie scream as I continue to pound my cock deep into her pussy. I pulled Julie's legs back toward her head to gain a better view of her beautiful pussy as I continue to plunge my cock into her. Suddenly Julie screamed, "Yes, yes, OH YES!" as her body quivered in orgasm. Within seconds of Julie's orgasm, I also came and could feel my hot cum pouring into Julie. I continued to pound my cock against Julie's pussy, slowly lowering her legs and laying against her beautiful body. I pressed my pelvis against hers as my cock slid in and out of her wet pussy. Julie wrapped her legs around me and began to kiss me and gently run her fingers through my sweat soaked hair.

As my cock slowly began to grow harder, I lifted my upper torso off of Julie, arched my back and pounded my pelvis against her, driving my cock deeper and deeper into her hot pussy! Julie slide her legs back up, placed her arms beneath her legs and pulled back the lips of her pussy to expose her clit to the stimulation of my cock. I could feel the excitement building as I begin to pound her faster and faster, my hips moving like a piston, driving my cock deeper and deeper into her pussy.

Julie started to stimulate her clit, running the tips of her fingers around and around it as she moaned, "Fuck me, oh Yes, FUCK ME HARD!!" I watched as Julie's head turned to the side and I felt her tense as another powerful orgasm ravaged her body. I continued to frantically pound my cock into her for a few more moments and then I join her in orgasm and I felt the warm cum surging through my pulsating cock. I collapsed on top of Julie and we laid together panting to catch our breath, enjoying the aftermath of the euphoria of the wonderful sex that we just had.

Of course by this time we were very late for work, but neither of us seemed to mind too much. Each of us cleaned up as quickly as possible, washing away the sweet aroma of sex from our bodies. As I hurriedly dressed for the trip back to the office, I realized that this was a lunch that had definitely been worth the wait.