 Brian was a hard worker. He had been working many late nights leaving his beautiful wife, Teresa, home alone with the kids a lot. He loved his wife and family. That is what pushed him so hard to do well in his career. But, with all the late night meetings and out of town trips, their sex life had suffered. There just wasn't time, it seemed, to make love. Either he or Teresa were just too tired once the day had ended. They collapsed in bed with a kiss and a "love you" before the sandman came.

Brian would rise early - 5:15 am - to get a good start on the day. A quick shave and a shower. In the shower, as he lathered up, his hand would linger a little longer on his nice-sized cock. With no attention lately, it was easily aroused. A couple of days a week, Brian ended up sliding his hand around his stiff cock and stroking himself until he came with such force that his knees would buckle. Each time, he wished he had cum inside his lovely wife's sweet pussy.

Teresa was gorgeous. Five foot three and curves galore. Though in her late thirties, she continued to turn heads with her blond hair and blue eyes, a smile that could light up any room, 38 DD breasts, and curvy hips that emptied into her tight little butt and beautiful legs. Every time Brian saw her, he remembered what drew him to her and why he loved her so. 

Teresa was lonely for Brian's touch as well. She longed to feel his body close to hers again. At night, as she waited for his return, she would lay in bed thinking of his 5' 10" frame ... his hairy chest she loved to run her fingers through ... and his hard, long cock she loved to slide her hands up and down. As she thought of this, her nipples would harden and she would feel the moistness between her legs. She would gently caress her sensitive nipples through her silky and slightly slutty pajamas. And she would let her fingers do the walking on her soft mound, rubbing her aching clit as she gently moaned with pleasure.

Brian returned home after work just in time to eat a quick bite of supper and remind Teresa that he had a board meeting on a local charity group he'd agreed to help out. Seeing her pouting face, Brian walked over and kissed her pouting lips and told her that, from looking at the agenda, he should be home by 10 pm for a change. 

Pulling her close to him he could feel her ample breasts pushing into his chest. It felt good - to both of them. He kissed her again and said "Why don't you take a nice hot bath tonight, shave your legs ... and between your legs ... put something exciting on ... and we'll have some fun when I get home tonight." Teresa's eyes lit up and she kissed Brian allowing her tongue to slip between his lips giving Brian his answer. Brian felt his cock begin to grow hard and thick. He forced himself to give her one last kiss and headed for the door.

While Brian was at the meeting, Teresa put the kids to bed and started a hot bath for herself. As Brian suggested, she shaved her shapely legs. And knowing how much Brian loved to suck her smooth pussy, she paid extra attention to that area, shaving it smooth as silk. She went to her bedroom and opened her lingerie drawer of her dresser. She passed over the net-mesh thong body-suit (one of Brian's favorite). She opted instead for a cute little thong and chemise set. She knew how much Brian loved to see the thong ride up the crack of her ass and see her beautiful breast barely fit under the top. She lit candles and slid into the covers, waiting for the moment when her man arrived. 

As so often happens, the meeting dragged on and on. Brian constantly checked his watch knowing that with every hour that passed, his chances of making love to his wife were slipping into the night. He tried to push the agenda along but failed. By the time he got home it was nearly midnight and Brian new that Teresa would be sound asleep. He would not have the heart to wake her. She needed her rest. 

He went to the bedroom and sure enough, all lights were off. He peeled off his suit and, as usual, slipped into bed naked. He liked sleeping that way - always had. Teresa was sound asleep. But he nestled next to her and was pleased to discover what she was wearing. His cock immediately responded by getting harder than he'd been in weeks. One touch could make him explode in orgasmic delight. But instead of waking his wife, he just spooned her while allowing his throbbing cock to rest in the crack of her ass. Not waking fully, she gently responded by pressing herself into him ... and gently fell asleep.

Brian had a hard time falling asleep. He fought off the urge to slide under the covers and awaken his lover by licking and sucking on her smooth, sexy pussy. But he knew that once Teresa was asleep, there was no waking her! So he suffered in silence, cock throbbing and oozing precum onto Teresa's butt. He finally fell asleep around 1 am.

Brian awoke at 4:51 am. with Teresa still on his mind. His cock instantly began to harden as he felt her soft body next to his. He had to be up in about 20 minutes and so did Teresa. May as well wake up and begin the day right, he thought to himself with a smile. His left hand rested on her left hip. He slid his hand down and began caressing her hip and leg, allowing his hand to sweep around down her left butt cheek finally allowing his fingers to run up the crack of her ass. As he did this, he began to gently kiss the back of Teresa's neck. She began to awaken slowly to this teasing. 

Her eyes lit up and a smile creased her red lips and she said "Morning, lover" and gently moaned as she felt his caresses.

Brian replied "Morning, babe ... can you guess what I'm thinking of having for breakfast?" and Brian allowed his hand to run down Teresa's flat tummy and slid his hand inside the front of Teresa's thong and began to stroke her smooth pussy. Teresa moaned a little louder as Brian's fingers gently rubbed her moistening lips and as he circled her hardening clit. 

Teresa rolled onto her back to allow him better access. With his left hand busy, Brian began to push the tight chemise top over Teresa's ample tits. He found her nipples erect and awaiting his tongue. He began to circle around her nipple with his tongue - teasing her mercilessly, and finally taking her nipple into his mouth, rolling it between his tongue and teeth. 

Teresa squirmed in delight as Brian worked her pussy and her tits like this. Brian could feel her getting more and more moist and decided it was time to taste her. He removed her thong and positioned himself between Teresa's legs. He began licking and kissing the inside of her legs and slowly worked his way to her moist mound. He made long, slow licks on her sweet pussy, paying special attention to her engorged clit. He continued this action until she could hardly stand the intense pleasure. He began darting his tongue in and out of her wetness ... savoring her juices on his mouth and chin. 

Not able to stand it any more Teresa called out "I need you inside me now!" Brian obliged and expertly slid his cock into her awaiting and sopping wet pussy. 

Brian began to slowly make love to his wife. As the first hints of sunlight began peeking through the curtains, it cast a blue hue over the room, revealing her large breasts bouncing as he increased the tempo. She writhed in near orgasm but with effort held back. Brian grabbed her legs and placed her feet over his shoulders and began pounding her harder. He knew she liked it hard at the end. 

In muffled tones Teresa said "Oh, Babe ... I'm ready ... please cum inside me." Brian pounded Teresa for all he was worth and began to feel his cum arising through his groin. He shoved himself as deeply as he could inside his wife. He could feel her beginning to have wave after wave of orgasm as he shot his hot load deep inside her. Her pussy quivered and contracted as it milked every last drop from Brian's throbbing cock.

Brian collapsed into Teresa's arms and savored the moment. They lay in each other's arms completely satisfied for several minutes. But then the alarm clock went off. Brian kissed his lover's lips once more and told her how in love he was with her ... and then arose for another day.