 On our first night they assigned me to a Queen-sized bed with an attractive brunette named Darla. Of course, those sleeping arrangements weren't set in stone. There were five beds in our room, ten people total, each person representing half of a couple. The other half of each couple, including my wife, was in another house in another city somewhere, being filmed with night vision cameras doing exactly what we were doing. The producers wanted us to experiment as much as possible during the next two weeks that we would be separated from our spouses. 

As Darla climbed into bed and crawled towards me, completely naked except for a flimsy, baby-blue thong, I could see what the producers had in mind by putting us together. From the very beginning, I hadn't liked the idea of sleeping in a house of hyper-sexual strangers while my wife did the same in another house. My wife was the one who said that we needed the money, and for 100,000 dollars I had said that I would be able to abide by the rules of the show without actually having sex with anyone. She had promised me the same, but I was beginning to worry. As seductive as Darla was, I wondered who they had paired off with my wife, to coax her into having sex, into opening her up for the rest of the group. I've always been the jealous type; I don't know how or why I had ever agreed to do a reality show like this.

Wait, yes I do, it was the money.

Her arms bent slightly at the elbow; long, sweet-smelling hair draping down either side of her head; green eyes glimmering softly, she lowered herself onto me.

"You have to touch me tonight," she whispered, "it's the rule."

She weighed maybe 110 pounds, maybe less, about 5' 2" tall. Petite. Dark hair past her shoulders. Fair, porcelain skin. Soft, upturned lips just slightly parted with expectation. Perfectly aligned, polished teeth, gleaming in the soft light of the night-stand lamp. She slid her left leg around my right and her right leg between both of mine as I lay on my back. The smooth, buttery soft sensation was intoxicating. I knew why, too. She couldn't have been more than 19. Probably young enough to almost be my daughter. Her backstory for the show was that she was engaged to an older nightclub owner and they both liked to swing. I wasn't. Neither was my wife, Gabrielle.

But thoughts of Gabrielle were pushed aside when I felt the flimsy, diaphanous material at the front of Darla's baby-blue thong brushing along my bare leg. Lightly straddling my right thigh, she slid up and down my leg a few times, the thong riding lower on her and exposing her flesh to mine as she slid around, moist and hot. 

I felt a faint shudder in her supple legs and saw her face momentarily tighten as if in the embrace of an orgasm, but then she lifted her legs over mine and settled between my thighs, spreading them apart just slightly. She wriggled the delicate spaghetti straps supporting her thong against my inner things as she pressed her smooth, flat belly against my crotch. 

She cooed at me, "I don't have to use my hands. But I could if you'd like..."

Just then I felt her soft fingertips on my waist, smooth, perfectly carved nails brushing against my flat stomach.

"Nice abs," she said.

I was wearing a red silk thong and she slipped just the tips of her fingers under the waistband, lifting it enough for her to blow down onto my crotch. Her sweet-smelling dark hair was spread over my chest and belly, and I touched it, taking a punch of it between my thumb and forefingers. Soft and sleek yet not oily.

Then I felt her breath, as warm and moist as her candy pink lips looked, and for a moment I thought she had already taken me into her mouth.

But she hadn't, yet, and inch by inch she tugged down my thong, nuzzling me with just a layer of thin silk between my package and her nose. She bit playfully at my bulge beneath the restraining silk, opening her mouth and resting her perfect teeth on it. She was getting into it, smiling, posing, teasing my thong down.

"Want me to do it without my hands," and she pressed her lips against my waist, kissing my body while she bit the waistband in her teeth and tugged it down.

"Or with?" she asked, and I felt a light, electrifying sensation around my anus that caused my body to noticeably tense.

As she teased me, she kept sliding up against my crotch, wriggling her hips against my inner thighs. Her right hip was completely bare and slid smoothly. The hand-tied knot had come loose, exposing even more of her to my bare legs. The supple, warm folds between her legs were slick with lubricating juices, and she pressed herself against my thigh as she dragged her sculpted nails across my bulging crotch. Her pubic hair had been shaved back to a well-trimmed strip on her pudendum that offered a pleasant change in texture.

I didn't see the man behind her until he was at the foot of our bed and had touched her from behind. 

He was completely nude and fully erect, very well-endowed.

He looked into my eyes without speaking and I nodded. Darla noticed his presence too, for she raised her small, round ass into the air and pressed her face into my crotch as he kneeled on the edge of the bed and wrapped his hands around her thighs. 

She was wet enough for him to easily enter her without any additional lubrication, and he did all at once. She must have been tight, because he closed his eyes and tensed as she pushed herself back against him. When he fucked her, pushing her foreward, her face came into contact with my belly, and she kissed, licked, sucked on my skin.

"Oh, Ricky," she moaned, and I realized that he was the one who she had been flirting with over dinner. He had probably been so horny that he had set out to find her.

His face reddening and his eyes pressed tightly shut, he worked his penis in her faster, and her eyes were pressed tightly shut and her mouth opened as she moaned and nibbled on my stomach, her long, sweet-smelling hair covering my muscular torso.

My dick was erect beneath my silk thong and gripped with sudden, carefree lust I bunched up her hair in my right hand and pushed her head down towards my hard, thick cock, oozing precum.

"Oh yeah..." she moaned, and licked the base of my penis, tracing the design the stylist had made in my pubes with the tip of her tongue.

He slammed into her harder, and she pushed herself up onto her hands and knees to brace herself for the rougher pace. She parted her lips and licked them, looking down at the head of my cock just inches below her face as if she was going to take it in just then, but he pushed even harder into her, sending her forward, collapsing in ecstasy on my chest.

He left a few minutes later towards his own bed, and I wasn't surprised when she followed him. 

Alone, with a raging erection, I lay on my back in the large curtain-divided room, listening to the sounds of pleasure from the other beds.

I was about to fall asleep when I felt the covers lifting at the foot of the bed. 

Without a word, she slipped under the covers and crawled towards me. She was slim and agile and very warm.

When I saw the woman's long, dark hair I thought Darla had come back to finish me off, but then I noticed that her hair smelled like citrus and wasn't as long. It ended maybe just above her shoulders, glossy black and wavy. She wasn't as fair as Darla, but had olive skin, and her lips were a softer shade of pink. She wasn't wearing layers of sticky wet lip-gloss either, but maybe just a single coat of lipstick.

Hesitantly, she approached me. In the darkness under the covers, her eyes were huge, so wide and deep that they almost looked black instead of brown. 

When she came closer, I saw that she was wearing a black negligee that was cut short on her long, toned legs.

I didn't recognize her from dinner, but then there were a lot of people whom I hadn't seen.

"Ricky brought someone else to my bed," she said, "and she told me to get lost."

"I'm Travis," I said.

"I know. I remember you from dinner."

"Abby." She said after it became clear I didn't know her name.

"Of course."

She noticed my erection, which had begun to subside until she came along. "She didn't do anything for you?"

"She left with Ricky before she had a chance." I said, trying to cover up my partial unwillingness to have extramarital sex.

"Did you and Ricky do anything?" I asked.

"He was too rough, too pushy." Abby said, "and I don't know if I'm ready for anything yet. I just can't stop thinking about Robert and if he's with anyone right now."

"I know what you mean. I've been married to Gabrielle for ten years and its ripping me up inside thinking about what she's doing and who she's doing it with."

We were quiet for a while and gradually the other noises in the wide bedroom subsided as the others were experiencing their last climaxes of the night before falling asleep.

"How long have you and Robert been together for?"

"We've only been dating for two years, I know it's nothing compared to being married for ten years. That has to be hard leaving her with a bunch of strangers."

"It is," I said.

"You're different from everyone else here." She said. "They all seem like they're either used to swinging or that they can't wait to sleep with someone new."

"Thanks, I guess, but you're not in a hurry either to go bang someone different."

"Yeah," she said.

We spoke for a little while. I learned that she wanted to be a teacher, but Robert was in med school so she went into bar-tending to pay the bills. I told her why Gabrielle and I needed the money, about my dad's surgery.

It may have been almost midnight, but I couldn't sleep. I lay there, listening to a few people snoring, staring off into darkness. When I glanced over at Abby, I noticed that she was watching me, wide awake herself.

Finally, she broke the silence.

"Travis," she whispered.

She didn't seem nervous at all about what she was about to say. Against the cream-colored pillow, her dark hair contrasted sharply, as did the iris against the white of her eyes.

"Did you and Gabrielle make any sort of agreement before coming on the show? What I mean is, did you set any guidelines?"

"I promised her I wouldn't cheat."

"Did you two actually define cheating?"

"I think we decided that we can tell what cheating without needing to get technical."

"Oh." She said.

After a few moments, I asked her. "Why? Do you and Robert have any guidelines?"

"A couple," she said.

"Like what?"

She was so quiet I could hardly hear her. "My pussy is only for him. I can do what I want with my mouth and my ass, but only with one guy. It's better that way, you know. We'd only be doing little things. Robert was the only guy to have my pussy, but before I met him I gave head a few times and let one guy give it to me in my ass. That way, my pussy stays his."

I didn't say anything, but beneath my silk thong I was rock hard, bulging the thin fabric. I lay back for a long time, thinking if my wife was laying in bed with someone, not touching. I knew Gabrielle hadn't been a virgin before we started dating. She would never cheat on me, but I still didn't think it was that far of a stretch for her to just go with the motion and let someone fuck her, or suck some guy's dick. My dick went soft at the thought and I felt like all I wanted to do was leave.

Abby's warm hand flat on my stomach shocked me out of the thought. Her touch was light but firm, and not as teasing or illusory like Darla's.

"Don't worry," she told me, "We'll get through this together."

Grateful for her, I reached over and put my hands around her waist, pulling her towards me. There was a small beauty mark above her full lips. 

I kissed her once, unused to the feeling of another woman's mouth. She reacted quickly to my tongue, meeting it, massaging it with her own, wrapping her lips around it, sucking on it.

"Let me cheer you up," she said, sliding down on her side towards my crotch.

I didn't feel her on me or against my body until she pulled my thong down, and the head of my dick touched the cool cloth of the bed. I was soft.

"Just relax." She sighed. "Don't think. It'll make it so much easier."

Cupping my testicles and gently massaging them with her left hand, she wrapped her right around my penis and brought it to her mouth, where she was able to take all of it in.

As she sucked on it, swirling her tongue around it while it was still soft, she wrapped her slender yet toned legs around my right leg, though not rubbing herself against them, and moved her head back and forth. I was hard almost without realizing it.

She stopped sucking me only to suck on her index finger from the hand that was cupping my testicles, and when she started sucking me again she made small circles with it around my anus.

I tried to relax. I made my arms go limp, my legs, untensed my abs. 

When she inserted her finger two inches and began massaging the inside of my rectum while sucking my dick, it sent waves of pleasure through my body. Gabrielle had never done anything like that.

She moaned while my dick was in her mouth, sending a faint vibration throughout my cock. Her finger reached farther inside of me, and I was shaken by waves of pleasure.

It was too much, and I came, my balls tightening and my dick throbbing streams of hot semen into her mouth. She accepted, and I touched the side of her neck, feeling her swallowing as I came. The orgasm was twice as strong as anything Gabrielle had ever given me, and I felt slightly guilty.

I was tired, but more than willing to help her climax, but she shook her head and kissed me deeply on the lips.

"Not tonight. I want to save it for tomorrow, that is, if you'll let me sleep in your bed with you tomorrow night."

"Of course," I said, and Abby kissed me and rolled over so her back was towards me.

"Just hold me tonight," she said.

And I did, but I felt incredibly guilty and I couldn't stop thinking about Gabrielle. 

And what she was doing.