 The sun had set on her drive over, and so she rolled up the driveway in the urban twilight that enveloped cities and downs everywhere when the street lamps, porch lights, and other modern necessities came to life. Her own car had lights that did it on their own, so she had not even really noticed it, until she got out.

She had been to the house before, but normally just parked on the street. But Casey had told her to just roll down the driveway, and pull around behind the garage that was a separate structure from the actual house. Apparently Ryan's' room was now his mothers office.

There was a small door at the back of the garage, and she had been up there once, sophomore year. She had been dating Brad at the time, and Ryan had offered the spot for a secluded make out session. Now she ascended them slowly, not really sure what awaited her at the top.

For one, she noted, he had gotten some new furniture. A couch took up the center of the room, with a table along one wall, along with two chairs. His old desk sat opposite on the other wall. A small entertainment center held his TV, and assorted electronic gadgets that went with it. She saw that the door to the bathroom was closed, but the one to what was probably now his bedroom was open. The stove in the corner was on, with two pots bubbling. He had always been natural cook, and apparently that held.

Walking into the room, she dropped onto the couch, admiring the form of the woman on screen. She sucked a mean dick. Tilting her head to the side, she tried to imitate some of the movements, while listening to him wash his hands. Did that girl dislocate her jaw, or how did she do that?

"What are you doing here?" True to form, Ryan was without a shirt, which often seemed to be his natural state, no matter where he was. His faded jeans hung low on hips that seemed oddly low on his body, and she noticed that his six pack had gone from 100% shred to taking on a more human form. He still looked damn good, long brown hair in a pony tail, pierced nipple, large hands and all. 

"Well, I wanted to come by and see how things were now that you decided you were done." Standing, she walked over and gave him a hug, which he returned half heartedly.

"Why would you do that? Your boy toy does not approve, I am sure." Pushing her aside gently, he walked over to the stove, and checked his dinner. Indicating it with his head, she considered, and then accepted the invitation without saying a word. They had been friends long enough for that.

"I can do things without him, you know that."

"Not here lately, you can't." He liked to needle her, and it showed in the glint in his eyes.

"Anyways, can you tell me why you decided to drop out of school a cool four months short of graduation?"

"I didn't fell like putting up with it anymore." He shrugged, and tossed some kind of spice into one of the pots. "I'm sure you heard what happened."

"Several versions. One of them has you sleeping with you Mrs. Bachter."

"Does that one include Mr. Ayers falling down the stairs after he tried to beat me up?"

"No, that particular incident is much more commonly found in the one that involves you selling X in the art bathroom."

He laughed, letting her draw her own conclusions as to what had actually happened. "So I guess that Casey told you what happened over here, since you came straight up. I saw your car pull in."

"Yeah. She thought I would be more successful in telling you to come back to school."

"Why would I do that?"

"You know, that little diploma makes a big difference in life."

He shrugged. "I have a plan. I'll be ok, and this is only temporary." He waved around. "By the time you walk across the stage, I'll be in south Florida, perfecting my chosen craft."

"So you got accepted?"

"And offered substantial financial aid." He placed two plates on the table, and she sat across from him. As always, his food was great. Her mother would understand once she told her that Ryan had offered. He had come over to their place multiple times and cooked for them.

"So where is boy toy tonight?"

"If you really need to know, we broke up."

"What? How come?"

"Because. None of your business."

"What do you mean, none of my business? How long have we been friends?"

"Don't use that shit with me. You dropped out of school without telling anybody anything."

"Touché." He smiled at her, finishing his plate. "So, you want to have sex then?"

"What?"

"At Prom you told me you would have sex with me if you were not with douche bag. Well, now you aren't, so I'm asking again."

"No!" She glared at him, and almost threw her fork, but stopped herself. "Some friend you are. How about support?"

Physics. The last of seven periods. And while they had not covered it in the class, she was convinced that the fifty minutes of this period somehow stretched out more and more everyday, the closer graduation got. Today was no different. She felt like she had been in the hot stuffy room for hours, but her watch told her that she had twenty five more minutes to go. A groan rolled of her lips.

"Have you talked to Ryan?" Casey was not disturbed by these things, mainly because it gave her endless opportunities for gossip.

"No, not since the time I went over there a couple of weeks ago. HE doesn't call anymore."

Her friend giggled. "Shouldn't have turned him down when he wanted ya." A smiled toyed around Casey's lips, before she continued. "He is leaving this Sunday."

"Really?" Maria looked over at her friend. "So I guess you didn't say no."

"I have spent a night or two over there." Her parents were much less restrictive then Maria's, so she could get away with these things. For her, it would have been murder.

"He said he wants to see you before he leaves, and asked me to tell you to come by."

"Why, so he can try to screw me again?"

"Maybe. I think he wants to say bye."

"I'll think about it." She already knew she would go.

His truck was parked in front of the garage, loaded down with boxes. She walked up the steps again, and noticed that it seemed emptier. The table and chairs were gone, as was the entertainment center and TV. The couch had been pushed against the wall, and he was vacuuming in the bedroom, which was now empty. When he saw her, he stopped, and walked out to hug her. Again he was shirtless, and again she felt herself responding to his body. He was a damn good looking man.

"Glad you came. I have something for you." He walked around to the small kitchen area, and pulled open one of the drawers, handing her a small gift wrapped box. She dropped onto the couch, and began to unravel the ribbon.

A small red box was revealed, which she opened to find another black velvet box inside. She held her breath, and opened it to a small silver necklace, the charm the shape of a jagged heart. Flipping it over, it had her birthday, and the number 18 engraved on the back.

"How..."

"The day we were in the mall, and you told douche bag you wanted that for your 18th birthday. I knew he didn't have enough imagination to get it for you, and since you've been 18 now for four months and nobody got it for you, I did." He was still by the stove, dropping stuff into boxes.

"I didn't get you anything for your birthday." This was largely related to the fact that she just now remembered that he had turned 18 three weeks ago, during the time they had not really been speaking. Now she felt like ass.

"That's ok." He smiled at her, and kept dropping silver ware into a box. "You know I didn't want anything."

"But still." Walking up behind him, she hugged him. "Thank you."

"You are welcome."

"I do have one thing I can give you."

He knew what she meant, and shook his head. "No. Don't worry about it, I told you, it's fine."

Gently, he pushed her back on the couch, and kept packing. She watched him for a while, and then joined in. At least she could be helpful.

The sun was beating down on Savannah, and she was sweating. Again. Heat seemed to be a permanent factor in college, and while she was sure it had been just as hot at home, it seemed more noticeable here. 

Dropping onto her bed, she let her eyes wander across the 'room' that she now shared with Katharine, a nice girl from Ohio. Her cell phone vibrated in her pocket, and she pulled it out, checking the Caller ID. Her face offered a slight smile as she flipped it open.

"Hello?"

"Hey babe." It was Matt, whom she had been dating now for probably about two months. They had meet at freshmen orientation, and he had walked her home that night. The rest, as they would say, was history.

"You coming over?" It was a loaded question, because by his call she already knew the answer, and the fact that she did not like it.

"Sorry. I have to go home and help my dad on the farm." He seemed to be ducking as he said it, even over the phone. He was from somewhere in the middle of nowhere south Carolina, where his parents owned a farm that apparently needed him just about every weekend. To include this one, a long one.

"Ok. I guess I'll see you Tuesday." She closed her phone without giving him the chance to reply. She wanted to cry, but what would that do? They were supposed to drive down to Jacksonville, Florida and hang out on the beach with some other people she had meet here in college. But without him, that was out.

She picked up the paper she had printed the directions on, and let her eyes follow the mapquest line to Jacksonville. But her eyes kept going, down to the tip of Florida. How much longer could it take?

The door to the apartment closed behind him, and he walked straight into the kitchen, pulled open the fridge, pulled out a beer, cracked it open, and drained nearly half.

"Tough day at work?" Marco was the oldest of his three roommates, a former soldier who had decided that while shooting howitzers was fun, it was not very marketable, and so was down here at the Florida Culinary Institute with the rest of them. 

"If it had been tough, he'd be slugging Jack." Andre was their designated party animal, who seemed to study as much as he worked on getting ass. He had rich parents that supported his educational habits, so it was ok, because he tended to pick up girls with hot friends. 

"I'm sure he'll be ok." Bill looked like a chef. With a massive mustache, a wide frame, and a short, squat stature, he was a murderous card player. So the fact that he had nearly all the quarters on the table before it came as no surprise. The three laughed, and he gave them the finger, before pulling a twenty out of his pocket, and dropping it into the bills bucket. 

"Screw you guys." He didn't notice that they were all watching him as he walked back towards his room in the back of the apartment.

The room was dark, and he left the lights off, dropping onto his bed. His parents had stopped all support for him when he dropped out of high school, even making him pay rent for the small room over the garage he 'rented' from them. 

But once he got accepted to FCI, and prepared to move out, the ice had thawed. His father had explained that a good bed was key in college, even if his college was not the traditional kind. So they had sprung for a new frame, a box spring, an awesome mattress, and all the trimmings. Felt like sleeping on a king sized cloud.

"Still want it?"

The voice nearly made him throw his beer across the room, as he jumped out of the bed, his heart beating in his throat. "What the..."

"I thought I'd come visit." Sarah rose from the chair by his computer, the darkest part of the room, and walked towards him. He was breathing heavy, and so it took a second for him to take her into his arms.

"Hey. Damn, you scared the shit out of me." HE offered her the beer, and she took a pull from the bottle.

"You are about the last person I expected to come see me."

"Anybody else come down?"

"No, but a lot of people promise to." He kissed her forehead, and they sat on the bed.

"Your roommates let me in. Nice guys." She took another sip from the beer, and then slipped onto his lap. "I meant it, you know."

"Meant what?"

"I want to have sex with you."

He looked at her for a second, then set the beer aside, and kissed her. It was a soft, tenuous first kiss that grew as their tongues touched, and danced back and forth. They fell backwards into the duvet, arms wrapped around each other, growing passion between them. She pulled his shirt up over his head, smelling kitchen, cooking, and sweat on him. She could not believe how much it was turning her on.

Rolling him onto his back, she kissed his chest, biting his nipples, inhaling his scent. Slowly she moved down. He must have been working out again, because his body was back to its normal ripped state, and she ran her hands across his chiseled abdomen. 

His hands traced down her body, reaching the end of her shirt, and pulled it up over her head. She let it go, and watched him toss it somewhere. His fingers traced along her skin, up to her blond hair, running through it. 

Rolling, he was now on top. They kissed again, lips locked once more. Their kisses had become more powerful, more passionate. He fumbled briefly with the clasp of her bra, and then pulled it off. 

"36C?"

"What?"

"I always figured you for a B cup." Before she could respond, he leaned down, sucking one of her nipples into his mouth, biting it gently. The other hand slipped into her shorts, grabbing her ass. She moaned out, as he went back and forth between nipples.

His hands were busy at work, finally unzipping, unclipping, and pulling down her shorts. He left the thong for now, instead focusing on grabbing her ass. She pushed her chest into his face, loving the attention he lavished on her tits. 

Slowly he began to kiss down, his tongue seemingly exploring every inch of her. Pulling her thong aside, his tongue teased her lips as he slipped her legs over his shoulders. She looked down, and saw him smiling up at her.

"You don't have to..."

"I want to." With one swift push, his tongue sunk all the way into her, and she moaned out again. He flipped it up and down, teasing and caressing her clit, lips, vulva, and ass. With rapid strokes he tattooed her little clit with pleasure, bringing out feelings she had never enjoyed before. 

He just kept going, licking, flicking, his hands roaming her body, squeezing and toying with her tits, every once in a while rubbing her ass again. She moaned out loud as he pushed his tongue deep into her, fucking her little pussy with it. Grabbing his head, she directed him where she enjoyed it the most, pushing his face into her. He dove in with renewed passion, kissing and licking her most intimate parts. 

Her breathing became rapid now, and she moaned over and over as he worked her clit over. It came on like the rising tide. She felt it, almost saw it coming, but was not sure what it meant. When the orgasm hit her, her whole body seized up, and she squeezed his head with her legs. Her mouth opened as if to scream but nothing came out, as she rode the wave, until it crashed over her head.

"I can't breathe." His voice was muffled, and she released him from between her legs. A happy smile was on her face as he crawled on top of her. They kissed again, and she tasted herself on him. Slowly he drew her legs up around his waist, still kissing her.

She reached down, and grasped his manhood with one hand. He had already slipped on a condom, and she wondered when he had found the time to do that. Placing him at her opening, she exhaled as he slowly pushed himself all the way in. He was only the third man to have ever been inside her, and definitely the one with the most girth.

He bit her neck, as he slowly began to slide in and out of her mouth, her body moving with his. Wrapping her arms around him, she nibbled on his ear as he pumped her, harder and harder.

Drawing her legs tight to her chest, she felt him push deeper and deeper into her. The sensation was awesome, and she did not want him to stop. He didn't, just kept going, building a rhythm that threatened to blast her into another orgasm.

Pushing up on his knees, his angle changed, rubbing across her clit and sliding deep into her. She cried out with each thrust, her body shaking beneath him like a live wire, until the feeling washed over her again. Her nails dragged up his back, leaving red marks and tears in the skin.

He was slamming into her now, sweat dripping from his chest to hers, pooling between her tits, his lips racing from her neck to her nipples to her lips. They were in a feeding frenzy of each other, as he crammed himself into her tight pussy over and over. Suddenly he slowed down, and she realized he was close.

Pulling him into her, she felt him explode into the condom, then collapse atop her. Both were covered in sweat, breathing heavy. Lazily reaching over, he took a sip from the beer, and offered it to her.

"I don't have any cigarettes."

"I guess this will have to do then."

"You are awesome."

"I'm pretty glad I came, yeah." She leaned up, kissing him again, then closed her eyes. She felt him pull out, move around, and finally come to rest next to her. Wrapping his arms around her, she slithered against his body, kissing his chest. He tasted like salt.

"Worth waiting for." His voice was soft in her ear before she passed out.