 It has been years since I have been home to spend time with my friends from high school. Normally when I go home, I stay at my parent's house and do nothing for the duration of my visit. This visit was special. 

It was my high school reunion. I was very excited to see my girlfriends and catch up after all these years. 

The first event of the reunion was a casual meet and greet luncheon. I saw so many of my friends. It was nice to see them outside of Facebook and really interact with them. People I knew kept coming in, and memories came flooding back. After about an hour, as I was heading to say hi to one of my former teachers, I overheard a few people talking about our classmates who couldn't attend.

"Yeah, a lot people had to work. We'll see Dillon at the restaurant tomorrow night; he is one of the waiters."

Dillon. His name stopped me in my tracks. It had been so many years. I remembered his smile, his sense of humor, his face, his body, his voice, it all came flooding back. My heart rate increased slightly as I thought of the last time I had seen him.  

My parents were at work, it was an adventurous summer for me, spending all that time alone at home, with very little to entertain me. I turned to the boys in my neighborhood to provide some recreation that summer. Nothing major ever occurred, just a lot of kissing, and fondling. 

But Dillon, he was different. He was the first guy I could remember that I wanted to be friends with; I wanted to explore his body, but I didn't want a relationship. I remember how my body reacted to his voice, his laugh. My body was beginning to react in a similar manner at simply his memory. The memory of him and me making out on my bed, rolling around, pulling hair, taking off clothes, getting closer to what we both desperately wanted from each other. The feel of his hands on my breasts, enjoying them, caressing them, the warmth of his mouth as he kissed over them completely. He loved them very much. He gave me my first hickey on my breast. I remember it all like it was yesterday and not 12 years ago. I also remember the deflation, and denial of my first good fuck by a phone call, saying my father was on his way home. I remember feeling empty and unsatisfied, frustrated sexually for the first time. 

I was no virgin, but my first time was awkward to say the least. 

Just as I was regaining my composure to continue conversing, my phone vibrated, indicating a new text message. It was from a number I didn't recognize. 

"Hey are you in town for the reunion?"

Yes

"Cool, I will be one of your waiters tomorrow night. Ask to sit in my section and I'll make sure you're well taken care of."

I was thrown off by this mystery texter, and didn't think it might be Dillon.

"I'm sorry, I don't have you saved into my phone, who is this?"

"It's Dillon this is still Jess's number, right?"

"Oh hey!! Yes, I will definitely see you tomorrow evening. Can't wait :)"

It was like he could sense my wetness from across town. Like he sensed I was thinking about him. I was even more excited about the dinner the next night. But I suddenly realized that nothing I owned was good enough for him to see me in. I wanted him to see me and be reminded of the girl he wanted years before. I tried to focus on the people in front of me, the conversations around me, but I couldn't. My mind kept going back to the feel of his lips against my skin, the feel of his hands as he pulled my hair and kissed me fervently. I was glad I brought my toys home with me for the weekend.

When I got back to my parent's house that afternoon, they had gone out to an early dinner. I had the house to myself. I took advantage of the situation. I pulled out my magic wand and my dildo and laid back on my bed, closing my eyes, and reliving that day. I remembered his fingers entwined in my hair as I turned on the magic wand and let the vibrations send pleasure throughout my body. As the pleasure builds, I slowly insert the silicone cock into my wet and ready vagina. It goes in easily and completely. I continue using the magic wand, the feeling of fullness mixed with the intense vibrations sending me to the next level of pleasure. I imagined what it would be like to have him on top of me, thrusting his cock into me, bringing me to that peak of intense pleasure. I gave myself over to the orgasm and my body convulsed with the intensity of the orgasm. I laid there on my bed, reveling in the feeling, and catching my breath. I slid the toy out of my pussy and unplugged the vibrator. I went to take a shower to get ready for the night's events.

Walking into the more formal dinner that evening, I was still feeling good from the events of the afternoon. I was relaxed and confident. I was wearing a sexy red dress that I had searched weeks for and finally found. I found my name card and my table and sat down. I sipped on my water and waited for the dinner to begin. A few of my friends came and sat down at the table, we made idle small talk for a while. Looking at pictures of kids, sharing stories of husbands, failed marriages, affairs, all types of sordid gossip, just like high school, but more adult topics. After the salad course, I heard my phone vibrate against the side of my purse.

"How is that formal dinner?"

"It's like being back in the lunch room, only more grown-up gossip. The food isn't great."

"Glad I am not missing much. How long are you in town for?"

"Just for the weekend, I have to work Monday."

"Too bad, I was hoping to find some time to hang out with you, you know, outside of serving your dinner tomorrow night."

"Are you off work right now?"

"Yeah. Why?"

"I am bailing on dinner, meet me outside AMC in 20."

I excused myself from the table and took my leave. I got in my car and drove across town to the theater where we all used to hang out every weekend. I parked the car, checked my hair and makeup in the mirror, and made sure the girls were being showcased as best as possible. I stepped out into the chilly night air, and spotted him standing outside the box office waiting. I caught his eye and smiled. He walked over to me, putting his jacket around my shoulders as guiding me to the ticket line.

"So, long time no see," he said.

"It has been a long time. I love that you let your hair grow. It's so sexy," I said, hoping my intentions weren't too clear. 

"That's the dress you wore tonight?" he asked, as he looked me up and down. I smiled shyly and 

nodded. "Remind me why we never hooked up?" 

I laughed at that, knowing my dress was worth every penny. 

"We should probably pick a movie," he said as we walked up to the attendant. 

I named off the movie that had been out the longest. If I was going to spend two hours in a dark theater with this man, I didn't want it to be crowded. We took our tickets and went straight to the theater. The movie wasn't scheduled to start for another 45 minutes, and so far, we had the theater to ourselves. We started talking and catching up waiting to see if anyone else would walk into the theater. 

When the lights went down, and the previews started, Dillon moved the arm rest up and pulled me closer to him. I leaned my head on his shoulder, he took my fingers in his and we sat there like that until the movie started. As the opening credits rolled, and the music began, I suddenly felt him move my hand to his mouth. He began kissing the back of my palm, up each finger and back down again. He was waking my nerves, making sure that my whole body would be ready, not just my pussy. He wanted all of me. 

He stopped kissing my hand and repositioned the two of us, so that he could kiss my ear. He remembered how wild that drove me. He kissed and nibbled around my ear, stopping to lightly suck on my earlobe before moving down my neck. My breathing began to quicken and I tried to stifle the moans that were rising in my throat. Dillon turned my head towards him and started to kiss me deeply. I felt his warm breath against my lips, and I felt his tongue lick my bottom lip before he slips it into my mouth, taking me deeply. One of his strong hands moves under my dress, and quickly unhooks my bra. He starts massaging my boobs with one hand, while the other hand rests on the small of my back, supporting me, and pulling me closer to him. He pinches my nipple before removing his hand from under my dress. I take advantage of the situation and reach down to untuck his shirt and remove it. I toss it to the floor, running my hands over his sculpted torso. I move to his lap, straddling him, taking his head in my hands and kissing him fervently. I feel his hand reach under my dress and begin to play with my clit over my cotton panties. I start bucking against his hand and he slips it underneath my panties and into my pussy, which is very wet by this point.

"Oh god yes!" I cry out, as quietly as possible.

A smile crosses his face, and he makes me stand up as he removes my underwear completely and then pulls me back onto his lap. He inserts 2 fingers this time, pushing as deep as he can, so that his palm is pressing against my clit while he stimulates every nerve inside me. He starts kissing me so that my moans of pleasure are more muffled. No need to alert the guy running the projector. 

I could feel his erection growing beneath his jeans. I reached down and began stroking him through his jeans. He started fingering me more fervently, so I tried as best I could to control the sensations moving through my body. I wanted to feel his thick cock inside me. Stretching me, hitting my g-spot and filling all of the space inside me. I wanted to cum with his cock pounding into me, and I was getting very close. I got his jeans undone and reached down to gently pull his cock through his zipper. He moved his hand away from my pussy and let me take control. I position myself over him and slowly move down over him, sliding him into me, inch by inch. His breathing is getting quicker as I take him all inside me. 

I move the armrest back down, and using the arm rests for support, I begin to move up and down over his cock, enjoying feeling every inch of him as I move up and down over him. I am moving slowly, wanting to tease him and prolong my orgasm, which is painfully close to exploding. I start moving faster, just wanting him deeper. He lets me control the speed for another minute before he grabs my waist and begins to move me up and down. I can tell he wants more control. He stops, moving me off of him while he removes his pants and moves the arm rest back up, and lays me across the row of seats. Discretion has gone out the window at this point. He and I are both breathing heavy and moaning with pleasure. He moves another arm rest and another until we can completely lie down. He positions himself over me, and slams into me. 

"Oh god!" I cry out.

His cock is so big and thick that it almost hurts going in so fast, but it quickly moves to just raw, intense pleasure as he thrusts in and out, taking me as deeply as he can. He lays down over me more, supporting himself on his upper arms instead of just his hands. This gets him even deeper than I thought was possible for a man to go inside me. One more thrust and I give myself over to my orgasm. I let go and lose control of my body letting pleasure control me. I feel him thrust inside me as deep as he can and I can feel him cumming. After a few more seconds, he relaxes, as the small aftershocks of pleasure move through me. He kisses my lips and my neck gently before sliding out of me. I sigh with pleasure as I sit up, watching him get dressed again. He sits down next to me and pulls me back into his chest. I rest my head on his chest and he intertwines his fingers in mine. We sit there until the movie is over, not saying much of anything. When the movie is over, we walk outside into the cold air, his hand on the small of my back guiding me to my car. 

"Where are you staying while you're here?" he asks as he opens my car door.

"My parent's place. It's free and has great food," I say.

"So is my place. Plus, we can do that again, and again, and again," he says.

I smile at him. "I'll follow you."