 It all started with a message from one of those reunion sites. It read "I've finally found you " and was signed "Much Love, Jennifer". There is only one Jennifer that I know and I met her over twenty years ago in college. She was married (to a total asshole, I might add) and had a daughter. We had become fast friends and confidants. There were many times that she would lean on my shoulder and cry over stressors in her home life. A lot of this stress was due to her husband who thought her getting an education was a total waste of time, and was becoming increasingly jealous of the friends she was making. Naturally, I sent a reply with my home address, e-mail address and phone number. If nothing else, it would be great to catch up with her.

The next night, there was an e-mail message from her in my inbox. She was divorced, living in Georgia with her daughter and son (he came after we lost touch), and was working as a secretary in a hospital. She had two dogs (both hound dogs) named Freckles and Blue. She included her address and phone number in the message.

I sent her a message telling her what I was up to. For starters, I was in the middle of a very messy divorce. I lived in a mobile home (a double wide close to Charlotte, North Carolina) worked in a local psychiatric center as a nurses aide, had no pets, no kids, but was still an avid reader. (My ex-wife often said that books were the other woman in our marriage. For me it was a way to escape her controlling issues and guilt trips). I also promised to keep in touch with her, sending email messages at least once a week. "Now that you found me, I do not want to lose touch with you again."

So at least once a week we sent each other e-mail messages telling each other what was going on in our lives. One night, I got a phone call from Jennifer. She told me that she was taking the kids to the mountains to see her father and wanted to know if it was okay if she stopped by with them on the way there. Gee, what could I say? A chance to see someone I have not seen in over ten years? Of course the answer was yes I gave her direction to my place and she told me she would be here on Saturday around noon.

Saturday could not get here fast enough. I was up at six in the morning, and put the finishing touches on the house. I showered, put on a fresh pot of coffee and before I knew it there was a knock at the door. There she was, as beautiful as I remembered her. Chestnut brown hair, brown eyes, generous mouth, and curves in all of the right places. I stepped back to let her in the house and she walked in and gave me the tightest hug I've ever had. Damn she felt great in my arms I did not want to let go.

"I've been thinking of this for a long time" she told me. "You have no idea how much I've missed your hugs."

"About as much as I've missed yours." I told her. I looked around for the kids, but they were not there. "I thought you were bringing the kids with you on your way to your dad's place."

"I was, but he called earlier in the week and asked if I could bring them a day earlier. He wanted to take them camping, so I dropped them off last night." 

"So, how long do you plan on staying?" 

"I was going to get a hotel room and stay in town until Monday morning. I don't have to be to work until the afternoon."

"Well, let me save you the price of a hotel. You can stay here, I've got the spare room."

"Are you sure? I don't want to put you out or be an impsotion."

"Yeah, I know. I'll have to call the other women who were coming here this weekend, but they'll have to understand." I said jokingly. "It is not a problem at all. In fact, I made up the room in case you and the kids needed a place to stay."

"Well, at least allow me to take you to dinner somewhere. It's the least I can do."

"You're on."

We spent the rest of the afternoon strolling down memory lane and comparing lives. We found out that we had a few things in common. We both went through nasty divorces and we were both currently single. We decided to go to dinner. She told me she was in the mood for Chinese food and I knew just the place to take her to. During dinner, I felt her foot trace up the inside of my calf. I just passed it off, until I felt her foot go higher. I looked up and she was giving me the cat-who-ate- the -canary smile.

"Ummmm....."

"I have something I want to get off of my chest." she said. "For twenty years, I've often wondered what it would be like to be with you. When my ex would fuck me I dreamed it was you. When I use my vibrator, I think it is you pumping in and out of me." I sat there in stunned silence. I had no idea she wanted me all of this time. Hell, I wanted her just as much. 

"What I am trying to say is that I want you. I want you to fill every hole you want to. I want you to make love to me, to fuck me, to do whatever you want to me. Wild or mild, I don't care. I want to see what it is like to be with you." she told me matter of factly. 

"Well, it appears we have something else in common. I've wanted you for as long as I've known you. I too have often thought of what it would be like to fuck you, taste you, lick you all over, make love to you." Her smile lit the room. "Let's get out of here" I paid the bill and we headed back to my place. 

We pulled into my driveway. I turned to her and said "If you come through that door, it is on. There is no turning back. I want you to understand that."

"I understand totally. Now get your ass out of the car and into your house."

When we entered my place, I pulled her to me and kissed her. Her arms came around my neck and I backed her against the door. Our kiss intensified and she pulled herself tighter to me. When our tongues met, it lit the spark that ignited the powder keg of twenty years worth of passion.

My hands came up and started to unbutton her blouse. She moaned deeply into my mouth. I pulled her bouse off of her shoulders and held it at her elbows, pinning her arms to her sides. I kissed and licked her mouth, her neck, her shoulder. I pulled her by the blouse and led her to the couch as I kissed her. The back of her knees bumped the couch and she went down onto the cushion. I got on my knees before her and kissed her again. My hands roamed around to her back and unhooked her bra. I tossed it to the side. I kissed my way down to her breasts and licked and nibbled her nipples.

"Oh my God " she moaned. She arched her back and pressed her breasts closer to my mouth. "Don't stop That feels too damned good I had not intention of stopping. However, there were other areas of her body to explore.

"Oh, you're gonna love what I have in mind next."

My hands went to the button of her jeans and popped it open. I hooked my thumbs into the waist band of her jeans and panties and started pulling them off. She raised her hips to make it just a bit easier for me. I left her breasts and kissed her passionately on the mouth. Then I kissed a trail down her wonderful body. Her neck, her breasts, her belly, were all on the path to what I was dying to try. 

I kissed the insides of her thighs and bit lightly. Her hips started moving. She knew what was coming. I kissed up to her pubic mound and nuzzled my nose in the hair. My hands massaged her thighs as I kissed down to her pussy. I inhaled deeply before I lightly traced my tongue up her slit. I pushed my tongue in harder and tasted her juices. I lapped at her hungrily. I was like a starved man given his first meal in weeks. Her legs came over my shoulders and she pulled me closer to her. Her hands rested on my head and her fingers tangled in my hair. She was moaning loudly and I just licked harder and deeper.

Her hips started grinding against my face. I licked higher and found her clit. The moment my tongue made contact with it, she pulled me harder into her and her legs wrapped around my neck. I licked nibbled and sucked on that delicious bud of flesh. I finger fucked her as I worked her clit over. She was moaning louder and louder. "Ohhhhhh Do not stop Please do not stop I am gonna cum soon " I placed my thumb on her clit to massage I so I could suck down her juices. Her hips moved faster against my tongue and thumb. It was not long before her body tensed up. It seemed to get tighter and tighter as she arched her back looking for release. She let out a long guttural moan as she came into my willing mouth. "Oh God Oh my God I am cumming " I sucked her juice willingly and slowed my licking. I wanted to bring her down slowly. Her legs released her grip on my neck and her fingers let go of my hair. 

I kissed my way back up her body. As I went I gently licked the sweat off of her body. Oh, she was tasty in every aspect. I sat next to her and looked into her eyes. She grabbed me by the back of my head and puled me in for a long, wet, passionate kiss.

"My goodness, lover. You were the first man to do that to me." she said in a dreamy voice. It took a moment for that to sink in.

"You mean I am the first man to go down on you?"

"Yes. You were the first man to go down on me, and it was wonderful The girls at work would tell me about their boyfriends and how they would eat their pussies. I always felt out of the loop when they would discuss that. They would also talk about tasting themselves on their boyfriends lips. And yes lover, that was wonderful too." She kissed me again. "Just give me a minute to catch my breath, and I am going to return the favor."

"That's not necessary...." she placed a finger on my lips.

"It is very necessary. I've waited twenty years to see if you are as delicious as you look." I blushed at her remark. "I actually made you blush? Holy shit, this night is definitely made for firsts " She kissed me again, and kept kissing me as she climbed into my lap. Her fingers started to unbutton my shirt. She pulled my shirt open and scratched my nipples through my v-neck undershirt. It had the desired effect. My cock strained against my pants and started poking her in the ass.

She kissed my neck, and gently bit. Her hands grabbed both sides of my v-neck and she tore it in half. Her fingernails raked down my chest and then back up again. Her mouth attached to my right nipple and she bit it as she sucked. She pinched the other nipple and chuckled as she heard my sharp intake of breath. I was harder than Chinese Calculus, and she damned well knew it. Her hands undid my belt, and popped the button on my jeans. She slid to her knees in front of me and grabbed my cock as she lowered her mouth to the tip.

At first she sucked the tip, then backed off just a bit to lick the slit. The feeling was electric and delicious. She swirled her tongue around the tip of my dick and then engulfed the entire length. She slowly started bobbing her head up and down on my shaft. "Oh God Jennifer If you keep that up, I'm gonna blow my load right down your throat " I felt her teeth lightly rake up my shaft.

"Good I want to taste you. I want to take all you have to offer." She lowered her mouth to my cock again and bobbed a few more times. "I want you to fuck my mouth."

"Huh?"

"I said fuck my mouth. Grab my head and force your cock into my mouth and fuck it Otherwise I stop "

I did not need anymore prompting. I grabbed both sides of her head and forced my cock right into her willing mouth. I slowly pumped in and out as she sucked and batted her tongue on the underside. My pace picked up and she sucked harder. She started moaning loudly and the vibrations drove me wild. It was not going to be long now, and she knew it.

"Jennifer, baby, I am about to explode in your mouth!" I gasped. She pushed my hands off of her head and sucked hungrily on the tip. Her tongue swirled around the tip and she darted her tongue into the slit. She knew what she was doing. Every muscle in my body started to tighten up. She raked her teeth over the tip, and my body got tighter. She sucked the entire length into her mouth and slowly pulled back and that is when it happened. I came so hard I damn near blew the back of her head off, and she didn't miss a single drop. She continued to suck until I was soft. When she was done she kissed her way back up my body and crawled into my lap. She wrapped her arms around my neck and kissed me passionately, her tongue sliding into my mouth. I tasted something odd, and realized it was me. I sucked hungrily on her tongue. As much as I thought I would be disgusted by something like that, it was turning me on more and more. What the hell, if women can do it, why not guys?

"That was delicious." she said as she stroked my chest. "It tasted like something, oh what is the word I am looking for? I got it. It tasted like more." she said enthusiastically.

She climbed off of my lap and asked where the bathroom was. I took her to the master bedroom where the master bathroom was also located. When she came out of the bathroom, I took her in my arms and kissed her. As we kissed, I walked her backwards towards my queen size bed. We got on the bed and kissed each other passionately. Our hands roamed all over our bodies. It was obvious that we both wanted more. That we both wanted what we've waited twenty years for.

She broke the kiss and said "I want you to fuck me." With all of the kissing and petting we were doing, who was I to refuse. She definitely had me hard again, and I was quite sure she was wet. I climbed between her legs and found that she was very wet. She grabbed my cock and aimed it at her waiting hole. I slowly slid in, reveling at the warmth and tightness of her pussy. Damn she felt good. I pulled back and slid back in slowly, enjoying the feel of her. Her legs wrapped around my hips and she started fucking back. We both picked up speed and intensity. Her fingernails raked down my back and she bit my shoulder. That only spurred me on. I fucked her as hard as I could. Her moans were getting louder and louder, as were mine.

I got up on my knees and pulled her into me. We ground against each other as I bent down to suck and bite on her nipples. I licked the sweat from between her breasts as we fucked harder and harder. Her legs wrapped tighter around me and I knew she was on the verge of cumming. I fucked her with longer deeper strokes. We were both on the verge of cumming. She pinched my nipples, and that was all it took to throw me over the edge. I flooded her pussy, and when I started, I felt her throb and flutter against my raging cock.

We lay down beside each other, trying to catch our breath. I was tracing my fingers over her arm.

"You were wonderful, Jennifer."

"You too." She replied. "You were better than all of my fantasies about you. And you were most definitely worth the wait."

"Just think baby, we have the rest of the weekend to fuck each others brains out!"

She giggled and said "Honey, when I am done with you, you will be walking sideways and saddle sore."

"Bring it on baby! Bring it on."