 Nearly every working day at lunchtime, I drive over to one of many available fast-food drive-ins looking for something to satisfy my hunger. I'm not really a big fan of fast foods, but I'm also too lazy to get up in the morning and fix myself a lunch.

I'd been fairly selective about what I ate, and where I went however, though after a while everything began tasting the same. One day I decided I was in the mood for a good old-fashioned hamburger, with all the trimmings as well as a side of fries. I had placed my order and pulled along side the drive-in window.

"That will be five thirty-five please."

I fumbled briefly trying to retrieve the exact change needed from my ashtray where I threw all my loose coins. Finding what I needed I turned towards the window to hand her my payment, nearly dropping my coins as well as my mouth when I did. I was looking at the most beautiful woman I had ever seen. The fact that she was working at a fast-food restaurant took me by surprise as much as how attractive she truly was. That, and she was at least in her late thirties to early forties. Her warm smile as she almost gingerly accepted my payment accentuated that same smile in her emerald green eyes. For a brief moment, I was speechless.

"Thank you," I said taking my order from her. I didn't want to leave, but I felt foolish simply sitting there looking at her. Once again I smiled.

"You just made my day. Thank you," I said again, finally pulling away from the window.

I returned to the same place the very next day. Pulling along side the "call order" box I waited patiently to place my order. I'd come a little earlier; unable to wait so it wasn't busy when I arrived.

"Go ahead and order whenever you're ready."

It was her voice. At least I hoped it was. I hated those scratchy, hard to hear order things, but imagined her standing there preparing to write down my order. Once again I ordered a hamburger.

"Would you like fries with that?" she asked.

"No. But I would like you," I thought silently. "No thanks," I answered aloud.

"Please pull forward," she responded.

When I did, I was thrilled to find that it was her. I was even more thrilled when she appeared to recognize me. Though I had been there the previous day of course. Her smile seemed even more genuine than the day before. I expected her to give me my total, already knowing what it was of course, but looking forward to spending as much time sitting there as possible.

"What did you mean by that?" she asked

For a moment I was confused. I didn't know what she was talking about. "Excuse me?" I asked politely.

"Yesterday. You said I had just made your day. And then you drove off before I could ask you what you meant by that."

"Oh, that," I said a little sheepishly. "I only meant that it was nice seeing someone as attractive as you. I'd sort of had a lousy day, and your smile sort of picked me up a little," I explained lamely.

She laughed. "Well, you made mine too." 

I grinned back at her even more broadly than I had been. Glancing back into the rear view mirror I saw no one had as yet pulled up behind me. Handing her my payment, I took my order from her but continued to sit there parked next to where she continued standing, smiling back at me.

"You've got truly gorgeous green eyes," I exclaimed. I felt a little silly telling her that, feeling almost like a high school teenager going through his first crush. 

"Thank you. I like yours too." 

Once again I looked back into my mirror, but this time saw a car pulling up to the order box. "Damn" I thought. "Well, have a nice day," I told her. "See you tomorrow?" She seemed surprised by that, but nodded her head.

"I'll be here," she said sweetly.

#

I had a difficult time getting away from the office, arriving later than I had been at the drive-in the following day. Pulling up to the speaker, she was obviously waiting for me.

"Feel like something different for lunch?" she asked.

Hearing that through the squawky speaker was almost funny. "You bet!" I answered.

"Pull into the parking area, wait for me," I heard her say. So I did. A few minutes later she came rushing out, jumping into the passenger seat next to me.

"Hi, I'm Susan," she said introducing herself.

"Steven," I replied. "Though my friends call me Sly," I added.

Susan gave me a curious look. "Are you? Sly I mean?"

"Can be," I teased back. "Where too anyway?" I asked feeling an erection growing.

"There's a small little park just down the road from here. Quite often I go there for lunch and read. Hardly anyone ever goes there," she stated.

I found her comment curious, but put the car in gear, backed out and headed off down the street. I was a little surprised she'd come out in the first place. Amazed actually that she had, as the very little flirting we'd done hadn't indicated anything more than a mild attraction towards her. I quickly located the park she'd indicated and pulled in.

"Drive around back. No one ever comes back here on a weekday." 

Easing into a parking spot, I turned off the ignition, turning in my seat slightly to face her. I still wasn't sure where any of this was going, but my hard-on was in hopes that this was more than just a friendly chat. Which she confirmed a moment later.

"I'm going to be right up front with you," she told me. "I like your self confidence. Most men don't have that. Arrogance yes, confidence, no."

I shifted in my seat trying to make myself more comfortable. Which was extremely difficult to do under the circumstances.

"And I'm not looking for any heavy relationship either. I just went through a really messy divorce."

"I'm sorry," I interjected.

"Don't be. What I'm trying to say is this. I'm just looking for a little companionship, a little fun. Something I didn't have in my marriage. I want to let my hair down a little, experience some wildness, let myself go. If you catch my meaning," she said winking at me.

I did...and I didn't. I was hoping I was hearing her correctly. But at the same time I didn't want to make any assumptions that she was being any more than a little bold in just getting to know someone. As far as I knew, that's what she had meant by her comment.

"I like you," she said simply. "And I think this could be a lot of fun if you're really interested, and willing to let it go at nothing more than that. For the time being anyway."

I couldn't think of anything to say, still in a bit of a fugue as to any hidden meanings I might be misinterpreting. All I could so was grin, and hope that answered her question. It must have however, as she immediately leaned over in her seat and kissed me. I kissed her back. Hard. For several long moments we sat there fencing our tongues. Which was now causing me even more discomfort as my erection was bent painfully at the wrong angle. Embarrassed, I finally broke off our kiss.

"Excuse me, I hate to admit this, but I need to make an adjustment," I told her honestly. 

I turned off to one side attempting to fix myself without making too much out of it when I heard her laugh.

"Why don't you simply take it out? I was going to ask you to anyway," she stated. "It's been a while. Unless you don't want to of course."

I was staring at her in disbelief.

"We don't have that long," she pointed out to me. "I only have forty-five minutes for lunch."

I watched as she reached up and began undoing her blouse. As she did, I freed the beast never taking my eyes off her while doing so. Seconds later, I saw her full breasts pushing against the confines of her bra. She had one of those front-catch releases, which was nice, easily flicking it open with the simple touch of her fingers. Automatically my hand reached out, cupping her nearest breast. As I did, she leaned over and I felt her hand surrounding my turgid erection.

"Hmm, nice," she mewed. 

"Ditto," I said, once again feeling like a teenage kid. Though admittedly, I had had some of my 'breast' memories fooling around in the backseat of my car. And this certainly gave me that same erotic newness that I had once experienced. Her tits were incredible. Susan certainly didn't have the youthful perkiness she might have once had. Though as large as her boobs were, I doubted they'd been all that perky to begin with. Even cupping one of them with both hands more than filled them, though I reveled in the sensation of caressing them, and thumbing those eraser sized nipples that swelled to an even greater thickness as I did.

"Suck it," she told me. "Suck it hard."

I bent down, drawing that sweet stiff nipple into my mouth and sucked it for all I was worth. I felt her hand tighten around my swollen member in appreciation as she squeezed it, eliciting a nice fat droplet of pre-cum. As it dribbled over the head of my prick, she found it and immediately scooped it towards her mouth tasting it.

"Let me suck you now," she whispered quietly.

Reluctantly, I released her breast leaning back against the door and window of my car. Susan took a quick look around to ensure we were still alone. "Can you take them off?" 

It took a moment to struggle out of my slacks, but I somehow managed to do so, kicking off one shoe, and pulling one pant leg off entirely, thus freeing myself even more completely.

"That's better." 

I had watched as Susan continued to thumb, playing with her own nipples while I did the happy dance in the front seat of my car, trying desperately to get undressed as quickly as possible. Leaning over, she engulfed my prick with her mouth and began sucking it for all she was worth.

"Fuck!" I said when she did. Not knowing if my vulgarity would offend her or not. Thinking that sounded stupid even as I'd considered it under the circumstances. 

"Not enough time," she mouthed around my prick. "Maybe tomorrow." She was teasing of course, though half serious too. But my cock lurched in anticipation of that possibility. Licking the head of my dick as she yet again squeezed out another pearled droplet of lubricant, I watched as she lapped it up, looking into my eyes, smiling wickedly.

"Bet you never thought you'd end up getting a blow-job in the middle of the day like this did you?" she said lustily.

"Oh, sure I did. The moment I saw you," I teased back at her. 

Susan sucked down hard nearly pulling my jisim from my balls in the process. "Don't cum in my mouth," she told me. "I want to watch it...and feel it on my tits," she explained. "So tell me when you're almost there."

I hated to say it. But the truth was...I was. "I'm almost there." 

She laughed with a mouth full of cock, but sat up, now hand-jacking my prick as she continued to lean over. Placing it between her breasts, she began sliding it back and forth across both nipples, teasing herself with my dick all the while continuing to pump me with her other hand.

"Gonna come for me soon Sly?" she half urged me. 

By way of an answer, I felt the first sticky spurt already leaving the tip of my cock. Susan giggled with excitement and began jacking me in a much more furious manner. Thick creamy ropes of my semen began bathing both of her breasts, covering them in splotches of white goo that began leaving interesting patterns across both tits while she continued drawing on them with my dick.

"I have to get back," she said simply, already beginning to do herself up. I was surprised when she made no attempt to clean off her breasts as she enclosed them once again inside her bra, then buttoning her blouse. "I'm going to be horny the entire rest of the day," she added. "I'll be able to smell you."

Just hearing her say that caused my still semi-erect prick to begin hardening again.

"Tomorrow. I'll wear my uniform skirt tomorrow. Pick me up at 1:30 if you can manage it. I'll have a full hour then. And we can come back here if you'd like."

I thought briefly of asking for her phone number instead. Figuring perhaps we could get together later, either her place or mine. But the fact that she didn't offer, or ask for mine either told me that she wasn't quite ready to go there yet. And...perhaps, the idea of getting together like this was more along the lines of what she was actually looking for. I remembered her comment about wanting to let her hair down, and not wanting any heavy-duty relationship.

"I'd like that I told her." So as I struggled back into my own clothes, I saw her lick off the last traces of my spendings from her fingers.

"Tomorrow...you can eat me."

"We might need to use the back seat." She peered over the back nodding her head in agreement.

"When you pick me up, I'll just climb in back and get ready for you. Drive back here and if we're careful, we can maybe even do a little more than that," she said with a promise of things to come.

I dropped her back off at work with a couple of minutes to spare. She kissed me just before leaving, and I caught the faint aroma of my 'spermed' fragrance still lingering on her lips.

"See you tomorrow then?" she said as she stepped out of the door, closing it.

"Count on it," I told her.

#

As promised, Susan wore a uniformed skirt with a matching pullover sweater. I had no sooner pulled into the parking lot when she came out, and again as agreed, climbed into the back seat.

"Hurry Sly. I'm really, really horny!"

Not wanting to get pulled over for speeding, I nevertheless pushed the envelope of the limit, taking us as quickly as I could back over towards the park. Having adjusted my rear-view mirror, I watched as she struggled out of her pantyhose, discarding them entirely. Then lifting her sweater, once again undoing the front-clasp bra she was wearing thus freeing those magnificent tits of hers. I quickly drove down the backside of the park pulling into the exact same spot we'd been in the day before. The car had barely stopped when I found myself opening the door, opening hers. What greeted me took my breath away.

"What do you want to do first? Eat? Or fuck?" she asked obscenely.

Susan had two fingers inside her split, fingering herself while I stupidly stood there looking at her. I didn't answer with words, climbing in through the door, positioning my face over that succulent looking pussy instead. Her dark pubic hair had been trimmed into what many of my friends and I had been calling a "Velcro strip", and I quickly attached my face to it like it was. Immediately locating her swollen clitoris, I drew it inside my mouth and gave it a welcome hello. Susan groaned pleasurably.

"Oh yes Sly...yes! Lick it baby! Lick it!"

I tickled that cute little nubbin of flesh with the tip of my tongue. As she urged me to lick her faster and faster, I did so. My face was soon covered in her essence. Her pussy juice was flowing about as freely as I had ever experienced with anyone, and I was soon slipping and sliding easily up and down her split with the use of my entire face as I all but face-fucked her with my head.

"God baby! Yes! Yes! Make me cum baby. Make me cum!"

Once again sucking her clit inside my mouth, I nursed it like a tit. Simultaneously, I slipped not one, but two fingers inside that incredibly wet passage and began finger-fucking her with wild abandonment all the while sucking madly on her clit. Susan was bucking beneath me, gyrating her hips back and forth, up and down, fucking my face as I fucked her pussy with my mouth and fingers.

"Now! Now! Now!" she wailed.

I was damn glad we were alone in the park. I had no reservations that had anyone else been there, they'd have come over to investigate what was going on. Her orgasmic cry of pleasure was loud enough to actually cause a near-by dog to begin barking. But at least I knew it was far enough away that no one would come over to see what was going on. Hopefully, before I had a chance to slip my prick inside her at least.

When her orgasm had finally subsided to some degree, she bade me to have a quick look around, which I did. Once again assured the coast was clear, she reached up and began fumbling with the belt on my slacks.

"Hurry up! Fuck me!" she pleaded.

In record-breaking time, I managed to slip my slacks down around my ankles as she scooted herself over towards the edge of the back seat. I thought at first we were somehow going to do it like that, but she spun around, bending over using the seat as brace to lean against. Offering me her pussy from behind, I plunged into her in one quick stroke, hilting myself fully into that tight hot passage.

"Oh yes...now fuck me! Fuck me hard!" she demanded.

I was slamming in and out of her as fast as I could when I noticed another car driving up the lane towards us.

"Someone's coming!" I warned her.

"I know...I know. I am," she shot back.

"No, really. Someone really is coming towards us," I said again, preparing to pull out of her before we were actually spotted, if we hadn't been already.

"I don't care. Don't stop now you sweet bastard. I'm almost there!"

Grinning, I looked up glancing towards the approaching car through the open-door window. I saw another man and woman sitting together as they pulled into a spot a short distance away from where we were parked. As they did, I saw the woman pointing towards us. Looking down, I realized my slacks, well down around my ankles gave away the situation Susan and I were in. Not knowing what to expect, I heard Susan's deep-throated groan of orgasm begin, and threw all caution to the wind. Turning back around, I grabbed two full handfuls of her ass-cheeks, driving myself as deeply as I could into her and let loose with my own powerful explosion. Susan's cry of ecstasy was certainly loud enough to be heard, and I turned once again to face our newly arrived neighbors. When I did, I noticed the woman who had been with him, could no longer be seen.

"I think we're safe," I said smiling. "Our friend over there is getting a blow-job!"

Still flushed with excitement, her orgasm still tingling deep inside her pussy, Susan stood up, effectively forcing my prick out of her. As she did, she turned towards them, chest bare, both breasts easily seen...and waved. Our unknown friend smiled, waved back and then gave us both a "thumbs-up". Lady friend then sat up, looked over towards us as well and saw that Susan was standing there with her boobs showing clearly. We both watched as she lifted up her own blouse, revealing she wasn't even wearing a bra, flashing us back. I in turn gave them both a thumb's up. Susan however had backed up once again sitting down on the back seat, pulling me towards her. In seconds, she'd engulfed my penis and was sucking me tenderly, coaxing me back to firmness.

"Think you can come again for me?" she asked.

As aroused as I was, I had no doubt about it. And...we'd barely spent half of our allotted time together anyway.

"No sweat," I assured her. And stood there fucking her mouth while our neighbors in the car next to us continued to watch.

When we finally did redress in order to leave, I had just managed to fill her hungry lips with a little squirt or two anyway. We also watched as our horny friends drove away, probably heading back to work themselves. 

"That was wild wasn't it?" she said as we pulled into the parking lot. "Tomorrow?"

"Wild yes. And hell yes!" I said answering both of her questions.

#

Over the course of the next several weeks, I picked Susan up every day at lunchtime, where we'd head over to the park and fuck, suck, sometimes doing both each and every day. It was the first time I could ever remember not looking forward to the weekends, as it was the only time I never saw her.

One Monday, I pulled into the parking lot and waited. After nearly five minutes had passed I began to realize Susan wasn't coming out. I was about to go in when I saw a much younger looking woman making her way over to my car.

"You're the one that's been picking Susan up during lunch, yes?" she asked.
