 Hello sweetheart, how was the rest of your day? Not very much went on in mine since I talked to you, just work. Not very interesting work I might add, so I was quite bored through most of the day. But every time I get an email from you it makes my day that much better. Can't wait until I can hold you in my arms again instead of just talking about it. Soon though, they're processing my transfer right now. Do me a favor and write me a story? Let's see, this time have it be about you and a friend fooling around, and then I come in and catch you two and join in. Can't wait to hear what you come up with.

* * * *

It's another lonely Saturday night, but this time at least I have some company. My friend and I are sitting on my couch, watching an old movie I taped off the tv and trying to decide who has the right to be more depressed. She says she deserves the title since at least I have a guy to love and she's been single for a long time now. I point out that as soon as she finds a guy she can spend as much time as she wants with him, while I stay at home by myself waiting for another opportunity to visit mine.

As the movie ends we call it a tie, and I go into the kitchen to get some ice cream to celebrate. As I'm in the kitchen I hear the music from the movie credits cut off abruptly, and instead hear something else. I sneak back to the room and look around the corner to see you on the screen, rubbing your cock quickly as you come close to an orgasm. I don't know which is worse: the fact that I accidentally taped over the tape you made for me, or that I had it playing with someone else in the room. I look over to my friend, who hasn't noticed me, and see that her eyes are glued to the screen. As she keeps watching, her hand slowly creeps up her leg, lifting her skirt to reveal a bright red thong. She starts rubbing herself, making small circles all around her pussy through the soft material until I can see the wet spot under her fingers. I watch her a little longer before I remember what I was doing, and sneak quickly back to the kitchen.

I call out that I'm on my way back and make up some excuse about having to let it melt a little, and go back into the room with a bowl of ice cream in each hand. When I get there she has already turned off the tape and started rewinding it, not giving any hint of what she was just doing. I sit down and hand her a bowl, not realizing until then that I'd forgotten the spoons. We decide since there's no one around and it doesn't really matter that we might as well just eat it with our fingers. We sit eating in silence and I try hard not to think about what I had just seen. The cold ice cream melts down our fingers as we bring it to our mouths and lick it off as best we can. Before long she asks me if I'd like to try some of hers since she has a different flavor, and before I can say anything she scoops two fingers into her bowl and brings them to my lips. She watches as I open my mouth and slide her fingers in, sucking them clean as I pull away. Without even thinking I do the same for her, shuddering as her tongue rubs against my fingers.

She takes my bowl and sets it aside, keeping her eyes locked on mine the whole time. She throws a leg over me and climbs onto my lap before kissing me, pressing her body against mine as she does. I kiss her back as she starts grinding her wet pussy against me, making me wet too. I turn and lay her on her back on the couch, pulling away from the kiss to start undressing her. I start with the shirt, pulling it off and tossing it aside, followed by the bra. I flick my tongue across her nipples as I rub my hands over her skin, causing her to gasp and moan. I keep sucking her nipples as my hands go down further and unhook her skirt before pulling it off. I rub her through her thong the same way I'd seen her do it to herself earlier before I slipped it down her legs and off.

We sit up and she starts taking off my clothes, her hands shaking with excitement. When she has me completely naked she wastes no time in burying her fingers in my wet pussy, rubbing my clit with her thumb as my breathing started getting faster. She runs her tongue up and down my neck as she keeps working me with her fingers, not stopping until she feels me shake with an orgasm. She lifts her fingers to her mouth, slowly licking them clean as I watch. I get on my knees in front of the couch, and she throws her legs over my shoulders as I started to lick and suck her pussy. I flick my tongue over her clit, sucking it hard as I rub a finger slowly in and out of her. Then I switch, sticking my tongue in and out of her as my finger plays with her clit. I keep switching back and fourth until I feel her getting close. I hear a knock at the door but I ignore it, not wanting anything to interrupt me. The sound of the door opening makes me freeze, and I suddenly remember not locking it.

I slowly turn, wondering who could have possibly walked in on us. I look up and am surprised to see you, but that's nothing compared to how surprised you are to see me like this. You stand for a few moments until you get over the initial shock, then close and lock the door before sitting in a chair across the room and telling us to continue. You watch as I pick up from where I left off, with my hand and mouth on her pussy, getting her even closer to an orgasm. As you watch you slip out of your pants and start to stroke your cock, slowly rubbing your shaft up and down. She lets out a moan as she comes all over my face, and I do my best to lick up as much as I can. I leave her on the couch to recover as I cross the room to your chair, straddling one of your legs as I lean in for a kiss.

You taste her on my tongue as you press your lips hard against mine, and I start stroking your cock along with you. I pull back and drop to my knees, taking your cock between my lips. As I do I feel a pair of soft lips on my back making their way around to my dripping pussy. I keep moving you in and out as you watch her shove her tongue deep inside of me, rubbing my clit at the same time. Right before I come I stand up, pulling away from her lips and grabbing your hand. I push you to the floor and climb on top of you, sliding your cock deep into me. I start to move up and down on your cock as you see a pair of hands wrap around me and run up and down my body. I keep grinding against you as she moves towards your mouth, lowering her wet pussy to just above your lips. You run your tongue all along her as she drips into your mouth. She moans as I lean forward and run my tongue along her body, and you feel her shaking with an orgasm.

She comes hard in your mouth as you feel my muscles start to squeeze your cock even harder as I come too. The thought of two women coming on you at the same time is about all you can take, and it isn't long before you come too. We roll off of you onto the floor, lying in a heap together as we all catch our breath. Eventually I'll remember to ask what you're doing here, but for now I'm happy just to have you beside me.