 This is a work of pure fiction. Unlike my previous stories which were fantasies based on real events and real people, this one takes place in the future. Hope you enjoy! 

*

My marriage lasted five years. The fact that it ended wasn't much of a shock to anyone. It was a disaster, and I'll spare you all of the horrible details. The hard part was moving on in this financial climate. I ended up moving back in with my parents at 38. Getting out of my parents house was one of the main reasons I got married in the first place! Hmm... maybe that's why my marriage didn't work out so well. Anyway, after six months of trying to live squashed into the tiny second bedroom of my parents' new house in their 'active adult community', I finally found a decent two bedroom apartment and started to get on with my life.

One of the more nerve-wracking things I had to face when I became single again was that I would have to start dating again. I wasn't very successful at dating before I met my wife. I was a bit of an introvert and many of my relationships in my 20's began on the internet. They had to, because that's where I spent most of my time. Lucky for me, people were much more sympathetic to me now that I was a divorcee and began to try to set me up with just about anything that moved. At least, that's how it felt. I ended up going on two dates during the six months I lived with my parents. The first girl was nice enough, but it was probably too soon for me and I found myself going on and on about my failed marriage. That was the end of that relationship. The second girl was a bit obnoxious and not too attractive, either. I spent most of the time complaining about my ex-wife because I knew that it would scare her away. It worked. If you're looking to scare eligible women away, just complain a lot.

My parents had pushed me to go to a 'transitions' group at the local library. I didn't think I needed something like that. I had plenty of friends who were also divorced or going through one, so I had a ready-made support group. Still, they insisted that I get out of the house, and since it was free it wouldn't break my non-existent post-divorce budget. I hated to be pessimistic but I was right, there wasn't really much there for me. I got plenty of sympathy and chances to vent with friends, family, and co-workers. The people there were predominantly older and male. I may as well have gone to the clubhouse in my parents' development for a younger crowd.

I was about to leave my third (and last) meeting when one of the older ladies came up to me and said that she had a daughter who was about my age, and also divorced. She had married younger and been divorced for a number of years already. Would I be interested in meeting her? Sure, I said. What did I have to lose? I gave her my email address and phone number. I doubted I would hear anything.

A week later the mom called me. Her name was Susan. She said that her daughter, Nicole, was interested in meeting me. I found it really odd that Susan was doing all of the talking for her daughter. I knew all about shyness, but this seemed a little extreme. Still, I decided to give it a try. I had custody of my daughter that weekend but my parents were more than happy to watch her for a few hours.

We met at an Italian restaurant on a Saturday night. I was a little nervous about meeting her. She at least had a description of me from her mother; all I really knew was her name. Nicole turned out to be attractive, mid 30's, probably 5'7", 140 lbs. She had long brown hair and an hourglass figure. The first thing she did when we sat down was apologize to me for not speaking to me beforehand. She said that she was always getting set up by her mother and just preferred to meet people face to face before talking to them.

I found Nicole easy to talk to. She got married at 23, right after college, and divorced at 28, unlike me who got married at 33 and divorced at 38. She didn't have any children and I had my daughter. We both stayed away from talking about our past relationships. We talked about music and television, mostly. I had a good time. At the end of the date she told me that she liked to take things slowly. I told her I was in no hurry. She gave me a peck on the cheek and told me that she would call me during the week to make plans for the following Saturday.

I spent the next 5 days trying not to think about Nicole. Whether I was at work, or in my apartment, or with my daughter I found my mind wandering toward the iPhone sitting in my pocket, and wondering if and when it would ring. Nicole finally called me on Thursday night. We exchanged pleasantries for a few minutes and then she asked me if I would like to meet up for Chinese food on Saturday night. Sure, I said.

We had another good date. I was really getting to like this girl. At the end of the date she kissed me on the lips. She lingered only for a moment. She said that she would call me again to make plans for the following weekend.

She called me on Wednesday night this time to make that weekend's dinner plans. Unfortunately my daughter caught a cold and I didn't feel right leaving her with my parents to go on a date. I called Nicole to apologize and ask if we could postpone our date a week. She was very understanding. I apologized again, and again, and she finally stopped me, saying that it was admirable that I would put my daughter's well-being ahead of my personal life. I promised that I would make it up to her, and she said that maybe she would be the one making it up to me.

Nicole called me on Monday night to ask me how my daughter was. I told her that she was doing better when I brought her back to my ex. We talked for a while, and eventually she asked me if I wanted to do something a little different this weekend. Sure, I said, what did you have in mind? She said that she wanted me to come over to her place Saturday afternoon, dressed in 'workout clothes'. I agreed, wondering what she had in mind. I started trying to get her to tell me what she was thinking, but she refused. You're just going to have to wait and see, she said. I hated not knowing what was in store for me.

The week passed slowly. Nicole called me again on Thursday night and I tried to get more information out of her, but she refused to tell me anything. I know this was going to be our third date, and conventionally this was when things became more physical, but Nicole had said she wanted to take things slowly. What did she have in mind?

Finally Saturday afternoon rolled around and I showed up at her apartment. She lived about ten minutes away from me. I arrived dressed in a sweatshirt with a t-shirt underneath, and sweatpants. Nicole answered the door wearing a similar set of sweats, with her long brown hair tied back in a pony tail. She gave me a quick kiss hello.

"So, what did you have in mind that you've been so secretive about?" I asked her. "Well," Nicole said, "I wanted to do something more physical, but since it's the middle of winter, I had to think of something that we could do inside. Have you ever wrestled?" She asked.

I smirked. She wants to wrestle me? "Yeah," I said.

"Have you ever wrestled a woman?" Nicole asked.

I sped through the Rolla decks of my mind. "Yeah, sort of," I said, "Maybe 20 years ago."

"Do you want to wrestle me?" Nicole asked.

Did she even have to ask? I wasn't going to say no to the opportunity to put my hands all over her. I could already feel my cock stirring in anticipation. "Sure," I said with a smile.

"Great," Nicole said. "Here are the ground rules. No hitting, punching, slapping, kicking, or biting, and no grabbing privates. If you get too... handsy... we're gonna stop."

"Fair enough," I said. We went to work moving all of the furniture in her living room until we had as much room as possible. That was quite a workout in itself, actually. Finally we faced each other, my heart already pounding. "Okay, now what..." I began to say, but Nicole had already charged me.

Although Nicole was obviously fit and not small by any means, she was no match for me physically. I had 20 pounds and 4 inches of height on her, longer arms and more muscle. She charged me and I grabbed her in a bear hug, stopping her momentum. I could feel her pushing against me, trying to force me backward, but I held my ground. After a few seconds I went on my own offensive and toppled her backwards and onto the ground. I straddled her waist and pinned her arms over her head. She tried to buck me off of her and succeeded in making me bounce in the air once or twice, but couldn't get free. Eventually she stopped struggling. I gazed down at her pretty face and longed to kiss it, but I didn't.

"You forgot to mention how this would be scored," I said.

"Well, let's say this is a point for you and move on," Nicole said. I got off of her and helped her to her feet. She brushed a strand of hair away from her face. She approached me again, more cautiously this time, and I reached out and intertwined my fingers with hers. Again, I had much more upper-body strength so she was no match for me. After maybe a minute of struggling I could feel her start to give. I let one hand go and spun her around with my other hand, almost like we were dancing. I grabbed her around the waist with my free hand and pushed her backwards and onto the floor, pinning her again. I was getting erect from the physical contact. I was sure that she could feel it pressing against her stomach the way that I was straddling her. 

If she did she didn't say anything to me. She glared at me, out of breath and frustrated. She was flushed and sweaty and her hair was disheveled. She was sexier than ever.

I smiled at her. "Two to nothing," I said.

Nicole glared back at me. She was obviously a competitive person. "Want to make things a little more interesting?" She asked.

"Sure, what did you have in mind?" I asked.

She stopped glaring at me and looked down. I got the impression that she was looking at the bulge in my sweatpants. "From now on each time somebody pins the other one, the loser has to take off a piece of clothing."

Strip wrestling? She sure had a funny way of taking things slowly. Unless she was some kind of wringer, I liked my chances. Heck, even if I lost, I was beginning to like my chances. "Sounds good to me," I said.

Without a word, Nicole lowered her head and charged at me, catching me around the waist and pushing me backward a few steps. I was able to dig in my heels and keep my balance on the carpeting. Once Nicole's initial push was over, she had nothing left. It was easy to grab her around her waist and push her back to the ground. This time instead of sitting astride her waist I fell against her, covering nearly her entire body with mine. I could feel her breasts against my chest, and my erection was somewhere around her hip. My face was inches from hers, and I gave her a quick kiss on the cheek. 

"Hey, no fair!" She cried.

"There was nothing against kissing in the rules," I said.

"Fine, you win," she said, and I climbed off of her and helped her to her feet. Without a word she pulled her sweatshirt off of her head to reveal a plain white t-shirt underneath.

We grappled again, and I pinned her again. Off came a single sock. She dangled it in the air and tossed it aside. "Just one sock?" I said.

"Relax," Nicole said, "You're winning." She came at me again and I grabbed her and threw her right to the ground, climbing on top of her and pinning her. I reached behind her and pulled off her other sock and tossed it aside. I stood up again and offered her my hand. She lay on the ground for a few moments, breathing heavily and glaring at me. "Showoff," she said.

I laughed at her. Nicole surprised me by lunging at my legs, and managed to knock me off of my feet. She gained the upper hand for the first time and went about trying to pin my arms. I wouldn't let her. She would get one arm pinned but when she tried to focus on the other one I would lift the first one up. I toyed with her for a few minutes. She was really trying hard, grunting with the effort and getting more and more frustrated. When she realized she wasn't strong enough to pin my arms with hers, she ended up trying to pin one of my arms with both of her hands, and shifting her weight to pin my other arm with one of her legs. While she was off-balance I pushed her over until she was practically sitting in my lap, then I grabbed her in a hug and slid her off of me and onto the floor, lying across her for several seconds, but she was too exhausted to even struggle. I gave her a kiss on the lips this time which she responded to by playfully snapping her teeth like she was going to bite me.

I climbed off of her. Either the shirt or the pants were coming off this time. I wasn't sure if she was ready to remove something so revealing, so I decided to give her a chance to get out of it. "You don't have to take anything else off if you don't want to," I said.

"Oh, you're such a gentleman," Nicole said with a hint of sarcasm, slowly getting to her feet. "I made this bet and you won, fair and square," she added, and pulled her t-shirt over her head to reveal a white sports bra. I was momentarily distracted by the sight of her creamy white skin and the contours of her sports bra, which clearly showed her erect nipples pressing against the fabric. She took advantage of my distraction and threw herself at me again, knocking me off of my feet and backwards onto the floor. We rolled back and forth on the floor a few times. This time around our wrestling was much more sensual. Our arms were around each other and our legs were intertwined. I felt the bare skin of her back instead of a shirt. I was fully erect by now, and I'm sure she felt it pressing against her. As far as the actual wrestling match went, I'm sure Nicole knew by this point that it was going to be nearly impossible for her to pin me, but she kept trying.

Nicole was putting up a good fight, and I was even considering letting her win a round, but eventually I ended up lying on top of her, and just stayed there. She stopped struggling and looked at me. "Okay, I give," she said. I got up off of her and she stood up. She struck a pose, hands on hips. "Ready?" She asked. I smiled at her. She stuck her thumbs into the waistline of her sweatpants and pulled them down, revealing plain white cotton panties. I could see the outline of her brown bush underneath. She stepped out of her sweatpants and tossed them aside.

Nicole noticed me staring at her crotch. "Hey, up here," she said.

I sheepishly moved my gaze back to her brown eyes. "Sorry," I said, "It's been a while."

"I'm sure it has," Nicole said. We both stood silently, contemplating what was going to happen next. "Okay," Nicole eventually said, "One more round, winner takes all."

"Fair enough," I said, and this time I charged her, grabbing her around the waist and throwing her to the floor. We wrestled back and forth again, and I was almost sorry that I was still completely dressed because I would have loved to feel all of Nicole's exposed skin against mine. I made up my mind that this time I was going to let Nicole win. I let her roll me onto my back and pretended that I was too winded to fight her as she pinned my arms to the floor.

She was lying against me, breasts pressed against my chest and her crotch against my crotch. Suddenly I felt her grinding her hips against my erection. I was so turned on already that I was afraid she was going to make me cum right then. 

Nicole looked me in the eye. "Letting me win, huh? You're such a gentleman." She kissed me on the lips, hard. "Unfortunately I'm not much of a lady," she added, and I could feel her begin to crawl forward until she was sitting on my neck, her panty-clad crotch just inches from my face. "I am so turned on right now," Nicole said, "Want to find out how much?" I could already see the wet spot on her panties, but she reached with a hand and slid them aside to reveal her pussy.

"Remember the rules," Nicole said, "Don't get handsy."

I lifted my head up to give her pussy a kiss. She was sweaty from the wrestling but there wasn't much of an odor. "There was nothing in the rules against kissing," I said. I kissed and licked at her pussy for a minute or two, until she moved her panties into place and got off of me. 

She hovered over me with her hands on her hips. "Okay, I won," Nicole said, "Now strip."

I stood up and moved a few steps away from her. I took off my sweatshirt and t-shirt in quick succession. I jokingly did a couple of muscle-man poses.

"Very impressive," Nicole dead-panned. "Now show me the good stuff."

I pulled down my sweatpants, glad that I had on clean underwear. My erection was pitching quite a tent in my tighty-whities. I took off my socks... slowly... just to try to prolong the strip show. Nicole was staring at my erection. I cocked my hips back and forth a few times and then hooked my thumbs into the waistband of my underwear. I gingerly lifted the waistband over my cock and down my legs. I tossed my underwear aside and stood before her completely naked, my 7 inch cock pointing in her general direction.

Nicole slowly clapped her hands a few times, and then she closed the gap between us and kissed me. I felt her hand reach down and begin to fondle my cock.

I broke the kiss. "Hey, I thought we weren't allowed to get handsy," I said playfully.

"Dude, the game's over," Nicole replied, and kissed me again. We stayed like that for a few minutes, making out in her living room while Nicole fondled and stroked my erection. Eventually Nicole broke the kiss. "Okay, close your eyes," she said. I obediently closed them. "Don't open them until I tell you to," I heard her say. I could hear her footsteps moving around the apartment, and then I heard her approaching me again. "Keep them closed," I heard Nicole say again over the sound of my heart pounding. Suddenly I felt her hand on my cock, and the unmistakable feeling of her rolling a condom down over my erection. I was able to keep my eyes closed but it took a lot of effort. I felt her place a little kiss on the tip and then I heard her footsteps moving away again. After another minute I heard her call out, "Okay, come find me."

I followed the sound of her voice to her bedroom. It certainly wasn't a big apartment to get lost in. She was lying on her side on the bed, completely naked, with a hand between her legs, touching herself. "Come here," she said.

Without a word I joined her on the bed. She lay back and I climbed on top of her. We kissed, feverishly, and I began to kiss her neck, her shoulders, down to her breasts. I took each nipple into my mouth and sucked it until it got hard. Nicole grabbed my head and pulled me back to her face. "Enough foreplay," she gasped, "Just fuck me already."

I smiled at her, moving my hips so that my condom-covered cock lined up to the entrance to her pussy. I slid into her easily. She was tight but wet. She immediately wrapped her legs around my butt and pushed me as deeply into her as I could go. She was definitely ready to go.

I started to make love to her slowly, at the pace my wife preferred. I was quickly aware from the way that Nicole was bucking her hips and pressing her legs around my butt that she wanted me to go faster. I picked up the pace, but I could feel my excitement building. "I'm not going to last long," I whispered.

"Neither am I," she whispered back. She started moaning and bucking her hips even harder. "I'm coming," she gasped.

She pushed me over the edge as well. I grunted and started thrusting into her as hard as I could. We rode out our orgasms and then collapsed together. We stayed like that for a couple of minutes, basking in the afterglow. "Thank you," I whispered.

"No, thank you," Nicole whispered back.
