 Wrestling 

My girlfriend and I were just sitting around one rainy weekend, and enjoying some quiet time together, reading, cooking, etc... On Sunday, after a wonderful, late brunch, Sarah was reading on the sofa, and I was watching tv, sitting on the other end of the sofa, and flipping channels on the remote. A novel concept for me, but I was doing OK. 

As I was flipping around, I usually don't stop for more than a couple seconds on most channels, and just cruise on through. I stopped for an inordinately long time on the wrestling channel, and just watched for a minute as the ring girl paraded around the ring, scantily clad of course, carrying the number of the round.

Sarah looked at the tv, and then at me, and said something snide, like, "find something you like to watch after all," full well knowing I hate that wrestling garbage.

Well, I couldn't easily deny the pause in the channel surfing, and so I admitted guilt, and said that it wasn't all bad.

That strategy didn't work well, and I got 'the look' for a moment, accompanied by the 'head shake.' A bad combination.

Trying to make amends, I tried to change the subject and talk about real wrestling, the greco-roman kind, like in the olympics and collegiate level sports, real sports with real athletes. This sparked her interest, because Sarah liked to watch muscled men in tight tights grappling and clenching. She said it got her juices flowing. Sort of like football used to be with her. I know... she confessed to me one time when being tied up and tortured with feathers and honey dust. But that's another story...

Hmmm.....this could be interesting, I thought to myself. We could turn this into an interesting afternoon after all. An idea is born. Some home-style wrestling. With some different rules. I proposed a contest, because I know she hates to lose at anything and is constantly reminding me how strong she is and how women can compete with men in some sports.

So we shake and agree on the basic ground rules. 1 minute rounds. Loser loses a piece of clothing. Winner chooses start position for next round. No cheap shots (ie biting, pinching, hitting below the belt).

So on to round 1...

You start on top (which is how I like it anyhow), and you manage to get your legs around me, and lean close to hold me from getting any leverage. Pretty strong, for a girl anyhow. I try to shake you off me, and you hold tight. Those thin legs don't do justice to their strength, especially when wrapped around something (maybe later it will be my head!)

I am starting to struggle a little more, getting sort of worried that this may not be as easy as I thought. You are pretty strong. Maybe I underestimated your resolve too. I won't make that mistake. I should have known you would be determined, not to lose (although I can't imagine how bad losing would be).

One minute clicks off the clock and I haven't extricated myself from your hold.

"OK mister. Off with the shirt. Nice and slow like." Your gangster impression needs a little work.

I turn around and raise my shirt from being tucked into the shorts, and pull it over my head, letting every inch get exposed more and more, so you can see my stomach, my chest, and then my shoulders. I turn sideways, giving you my best

gut-sucking, muscle-flexing pose.

"Not bad, looks good to me. Think those muscles can put up a fight though?"

"Let's just try again. No one likes a gloater. So, what's the rule on positions for round 2?"

"Winner chooses, remember?"

I can see that smile in your eyes that signals some idea up your sleeve.

"So, how do you want me this time?"

"Just wait a minute. I'm thinking."

A minute passes and I see your mind reeling with your wicked plan.

"OK. On your stomach. And I want both your hands behind your back."

"Hey,wait just a minute! That's a pretty tough position to start from. I'm not sure that's fair."

"Oh sure it is. You would have thought of something equally difficult. That is if you had won round one. Which you didn't."

Shit, right, I guess. This would be more challenging than I thought.

So off I go, lying down on my stomach, and I slowly relinquish both hands to you and you take a moment and plan your approach (or attack). I feel you lay on top of my back and grab my hands with yours and hold them tightly . Just feeling your body on mine is stimulating. And somehow, this position of being held down, is more than just a little arousing. I shift a little, to get ready, and to give my growing cock some more room. Rearranging things, as it were.

"Ready?" I ask.

"Ready whenever you are. I'll watch the clock for a minute. I think I can see it better than you."

"Thanks for that reminder."

I feel your legs brace on either side of me, and I find I can't get any leverage. I twist and turn, trying to throw you off my back. I try to pull my arms free, but your grasp and their position is not easy. Damn! Getting beat. SHIT! I keep struggling, feeling your breath close on the back of my neck.

Rolling, twisting harder does not dislodge your grasp. One minute is not long. Just can't get position. You have chosen the start wisely.

"That's it! HA! One minute is up. Now I get to see some more skin. Off with the shorts!"

"Just try and hide your glee a little. Give a defeated guy a little room. Pretty good, for a girl."

I turn sideways again, and start to slide my shorts off my hips. And I have to pull the waistband out first, off and away from my cock, which is very hard now, and sticking up and out from my thighs. I don't turn to let you see my state fully yet. I bend down and slide the shorts all the way down to my feet. I am quite excited by this show, surprisingly so. And being nude in front of you fully

clothed makes it even more exciting.

Round 3

so where was I?....

You had just won round one and two, and got me to take off my shorts, and now here I am, naked, hard, hot, and a more than a little pissed at losing. There is no way to hide my erection from you, and I am so excited I am dripping a little from the end of my cock. You are looking brazenly at me, and admiring my body, still pretty good after these years, and smiling at how hard you can make me, with ease.

"Pretty excited, aren't we?" you ask, innocently.

"You just have this way of making me so crazy."

"So what are we gonna do for round 3? You have nothing to lose.

Clothing, that is. "What do you think you can bet now?"

"Like you said, the loser has to do the winner's bidding. For how long?"

"How about 5 minutes. The winner gets to call the shots, for 5 minutes."

"Sounds OK to me"

Now you say, "So, I kind of like the starting position we just had. Sort of had you pinned, almost, huh?"

"We'll see about that. It's sort of 'hard' to lay in that position now, though," I say, holding my cock in my hand, and stroking it a little for you to see, hoping to distract you some. Your eyes are drawn to my hand, and look appreciatively at my cock. My nakedness is having its effect on you too.

I lay down on the sofa, and you assume your position on my back, grab my hands, and hold them firmly.

"Ready?"

"Go for it," you say.

As soon as the words are out of your mouth, I quickly bend one knee, and turn myself over so I am at least on my side. I catch you a little off guard, and you lose the hard grasp on my hands. I pull one hand free, spin again, and twist so I am on my back. I can see the surprise on your face, and you struggle to regain some advantage. Too late though.

I pull your shoulder over and free myself, toppling us onto the floor, landing on top of you. I grab your arms, and hold them above your head. YES!

"I think our time is up. Got ya this time."

"OK buster. Let me up so you can enjoy your winning."

"I don't know. I rather like this position, you know." I lean forward, looking closely at you, seeing the passion in you eyes too. I feel my balls rubbing on your cotton shirt, and my cock lays between your tits.

You appreciate the position, and somehow it is an advantage to you too, to have me like this. I lean forward and lick at your lips, and we kiss hard, mouths pressing together, lips pulling and biting. Our tongues meet and play with the other. Your chest presses up, holding my cock firmly between your chest and my stomach. I can't help but let a small groan escape from my lips at the contact finally at my cock. Man, you are exciting.

I slowly sit up, and stay sitting on your legs. You reach for the bottom off your shirt, and pull it up slowly, exposing your stomach. You are looking straight into my eyes, and savoring the anticipation that we have. I am dying to see you r breasts exposed to my eyes. My cock is

throbbing, and I am hardly breathing. You keep the shirt going up slowly and finally your tits come into view. God, they are beautiful.

Your nipples are erect too, and your chest is heaving slightly, with the effort of the wrestling, and the excitement of our position. I manage to look at your eyes too, and can read the arousal on your face.

"I like the view," I say.

"So do I," you say, looking down my body, past my chest and stomach, and staring at my cock, somehow harder yet, red with arousal and need.

You raise your head up, cross your arms over your head and pull the shirt free. I just sit there for a few moments, aching to reach down and caress your skin, feel your hot skin around your breasts and take the hard nipples in my mouth. God, you make me crazy!

"OK, so now it's my turn to choose the start position for round 4, right?" I ask.

"I guess so. Fair is fair. What's it gonna be?"

"Just give me a minute. It's sort of hard to think clearly just now. Sort of a little distracted."

"That's not the only thing that's hard,." you say, and reach down and wrap one hand firmly around the base of my cock, and give it a quick squeeze and a couple strokes.

I can't help but let out a gasp at the touch of your hand on me, and the feeling and sight of your small hand wrapped around my hard shaft. "Hey, wait a minute. That's not fair. You are distracting me now."

"Well, would you like me to stop then?" you ask, so innocently again.

"You'd better, or you might get more than you ask for."

"So soon? My, we are excitable, aren't we. OK, I'll just stop then."

And reluctantly, you remove your hand from my cock and lay them on my legs, your fingers caressing circles and tracing lines up and down my legs.

Round 4

Still slightly distracted, I decide to try your strategy, and tell you to turn over, and I will get on top of your back, hold your hands behind you, and try to keep you there for one minute. Shouldn't be too hard, I suppose. 130# woman, bound, almost naked, laying flat on her stomach under me, almost naked. No problem. I could get into this (well, you know what I mean).

"OK, on your stomach, and give me your hands."

You look at me, almost challenging. I'm sort of waiting to hear the words, 'unfair' from your mouth. But you don't give me the satisfaction.

You roll over, place your hands behind your back, and I lay down on top of you, by cock pressing up against the back of your thigh, hot and hard against your smooth skin. I grab your hands and hold firmly. I can feel your legs rubbing on

my cock, trying to distract me from the task at hand. Somewhat successful, I groan at the feeling of my skin against yours.

"Ready?" I ask.

"I guess I am as ready as I am ever going to be. Start counting NOW!"

You give a quick twist, trying my surprise tactic. And it almost works, and I am almost toppled off you, but because I was lying instead of sitting, I manage to get my legs to brace myself and hold my position. That element lost, the minute passes quickly, and I keep you pinned beneath me, and hold your arms tight against the small of your back.

The clock ticks one minute, and I get off you and release your wrists.

"Nice strategy. Worked for me too. Now my dear, off with the drawers."

I sit back, smiling smugly, and watch you get up on your knees, and gradually work the shorts off your hips, the patch of hair between your legs coming into view. You wiggle your hips suggestively as the shorts go down to your thighs, and you sit down to pull them off your legs. As your feet come up to take the shorts all the way off, I catch a peak at your pussy, the lips swollen and moist. I can smell the aroma of your arousal too, and it gives away your excitement as easily as my erection tells you mine.

One of my hands unconsciously goes to hold my cock as you open your legs to let me see better, and you smile at the brazen look I am giving your now naked body. I see your nipples hard and your chest heaving a little from the match. Your stomach is thin and I can see your ribs, that I would love to lick and tickle.

Are you ticklish, I wonder? I can't remember. I sure would like to tie you up and torture you with a feather. That would make you scream, I'll bet.

"Oh, so nice. Such a beautiful body. Well, what next?"

"Well, I sort of like what I am seeing too. I don't think I have ever watched a guy stroke himself. It's pretty cool to watch. Is that how you do it when you jerk off?"

Caught a little by surprise at your frank question, it's a rather exciting topic. I can't say anyone has ever asked me that before.

"Well, I guess so. Comes naturally, I suppose."

"I'll bet it does. Come that is."

We smile at the entendre. I always liked that I could be so open with you. Pretty unusual these days.

"I'll show you if you show me," I say to you, inviting your hands to your body too, so I can watch you. "I would like to see you play with yourself, and see how you like to be touched."

"I would rather have your hands on me, not mine. I know mine."

"In due time, baby. In time."

Round 5

So, slowly, you slide your hands down your stomach, and into the shaved hair between your legs, and your thighs spread slowly to give you r hand access. I watch, mesmerized by the sight of your moist lips coming into view, and your fingers sliding over them, stroking on the outside, lingering on the outer lips.

Your eyes are watching mine, and I look up at you, even though it's hard to remove my gaze from your body, I seethe passion and fire in your eyes, and I know you are enjoying showing as much as I am watching. I too, continue to stroke my cock for you (and for me), and let me fingers just graze the head and rub one finger on the underside, at the so sensitive groove. Meanwhile, your finger slides into your pussy easily, and comes out wet and glistening with your juices. You bring it to your lips and I watch your lips part and your tongue comes out to lick the juices off and your lips close over the tip of your finger as it slides so sexily into your mouth. That's almost enough to make me go off right there, and I have to stop for a moment and let things settle down.

Man are you sexy. You turn me on so much. You return your hand to your pussy, and continue to stroke the outer lips, parting them to reach and caress your clit. I can tell you are enjoying the mutual show too, and our breathing is getting heavier.

"So what's the next round?" you ask. "You won, so you can choose the position, right?"

"I guess that's right. I still can't think very clearly. You've got me distracted again."

"Well, why don't you come closer to me, and we'll just see what happens," you offer, relieving me of making any decisions right now. We slide closer to eachother, and let our legs intertwine as we face eachother.

"Is touching allowed?" I ask, almost pleadingly.

"Not just yet. Let's just keep our hands to ourselves for the moment. Makes it sort of exciting, huh?"

"Sort of?! I am dying to run my hands all over you. You are just so sexy. I would love to feel your tits in my hands and feel your hard nipples with my fingers."

"All is due time...all in time."

Quid pro quo.

Round 6.

I can only try hard not to come all over the place, the sight is so sexy in of me. I love the look on your face as you are watching me stroke myself, and I love looking down at you, so close, so aroused, your fingers sliding in and out of your pussy, coating them with your juices.

"Maybe we could do some touching now, you think?" you ask, getting more and more aroused.

"Yeah, I think that would be nice about now. I don't think I can wait much longer to have my hands on you."

You reach out to run your hand over my shoulder and down my chest, playing with the hair there, and caressing my nipples. I do the same for you, keeping one hand on my cock and letting the other mirror yours, feeling your soft, smooth breasts, and tracing circles around the outer edge of your nipples, and watching them get harder and begging for more. Your thumb flicks gently at my nipple, and it too, hardens under your touch. Your other hand continues to rub your clit, in slow circles, shining with your juice and teasing yourself for me, for both of us.

"God, you are so sexy. You make me so crazy."

Not being able to withstand any more torture, I have to have my hands and mouth on you. I need to taste you and feel your arousal in my hands, against my body. I let go of my cock, and take both hands and hold your breasts, feeling their weight, caressing the undersurface, running my fingers up along the sides, and then around the nipples, hard and erect with excitement. I take my fingers and encircle your nipples, and pinch them softly between my thumb and finger, twirling them gently, feeling their texture, admiring them and you let out a gasp as the sensation connects directly to your pussy. 

I watch your hand continue to caress yourself, and then let one hand down to cover your hand inside you. I feel your rhythm, and try to learn the places that you touch, your

special areas of pleasure.

I still need to have your pussy in my mouth, to taste you and lick your inner sex. I push you gently down to lay on your back and lean forward to kiss your thighs, and lick your inner thighs. So tantalizingly close to your pussy, I have to restrain myself from diving in. I can feel the heat from you and I can see the moist lips begging to be licked and sucked. I let one hand graze against the short hair between your legs, and lean close to look and admire your sweet-smelling pussy. My breath is so close to you your hips move up to try and get my to kiss you, to lick you there. 

My tongue snakes out and takes a drop of moisture from you and I moan, savoring the first taste, and inhale your scent deeply. You push your hips again, close to my lips and I can't help but lick your cunt up and down, lapping at your juices, using my whole tongue, tasting you from you ass to your hips. One finger slides inside you and I can feel the

hot, wet inner walls of your pussy clamping down on me, trying to pull me in further.

Another finger slides in easily, and I twirl them around and around, feeling the inner recesses of you, trying to get deeper, trying to feel everything. My tongue finds your clit and licks to top slowly, then around and around the

edges. I can feel you getting more and more excited. This won't be long before you go, and I want it to last a little longer.

I withdraw my finger from you and let it feel the smooth lips, pulling on them, touching all over. My other hand feels your nipples, and it too, is hard with excitement and need. Again, my fingers find their way into you and I start them moving in and out, and I take your clit gently between my teeth, and let my tongue flick at it quickly, with just enough pressure to get you going again.

"Yes, baby, you are soo soo sexy. I want you to come. I need to feel you come on my mouth and I need to taste you and hold you tight when you do."

"God, you feel so good. You taste incredible, I could lick you forever."

"I don't think I have forever. Keep doing what you are doing." Your voice is heavy with need, and your breathing is shallower. Always willing to oblige, I resume where I stopped, if only for a moment. My tongue presses harder into you and I lick your clit around the edges in circles, with a slow and steady rhythm.
