  This short story is a Happy Birthday gift to a fan. Hope you enjoy it, too.

*

I was just stepping out of the shower when I heard the doorbell. I hadn't ordered a pizza and I wasn't expecting company. I figured it was some kind of salesman that I could get rid of quickly so I grabbed a towel, wrapped it around me, and headed toward the front door.

I opened the door, trying to stay back a little. I wasn't interested in the whole neighborhood seeing my almost bare butt at the front door.

A young woman, who appeared to be in her early twenties, with a backpack slung over one shoulder, looked up and asked, "1837 Boston, right?"

"Yes," I acknowledged that she had the correct address. 

She looked at a small slip of paper in her hand, "You're Paul, right?"

"Yes," I agreed that I was actually Paul. However, I didn't tell her Paul was my middle name, nor did I mention that I seldom used that name. She was just selling something and I wasn't in a buying mood.

She turned and waved at a car parked at the curb, pushed the door open a little farther, and stepped into the house, using her hips to push the door closed behind her.

I heard the car leaving about the time I saw this young salesperson drop her backpack and open the front of her trench coat.

On. My. God. I must have stared at her for a full minute and I may have drooled.

Some magician had ripped the middle out of a Playboy Magazine, waved a magic wand over it, and put the real live centerfold inside my house.

Before I could close my mouth and swallow, she reached forward, pulled my towel off and smiled, "Oh, nice. Yum, yum."

I think I caught her arms before she dropped all the way down to her knees, but she already had my cock in her hand and I wasn't going to get too rough with her. I did not care to risk a permanent injury.

I may have stuttered. I know I swallowed hard and had to cough. "What...what...who..." I took a deep breath and tried to calm myself. I looked down to see that she was still holding my stalk, so I carefully phrased my question. ""Who are you?"

"I'm Paula," she answered. "Isn't it neat? Like, I'm Paula, and I'm sent to be Paul's date for the evening. Wow, cool, I've never had that happen before." 

I guess the look on my face told her I was really confused. She stopped stroking my ramrod. I didn't want her to stop. I really didn't want her to let go, either. But she seemed to need that hand to take the paper out of her pocket.

She looked at the paper, "1837 Boston Circle?"

I groaned. This has happened before. This dumb city won't allow a change of the street name. I live on Boston Avenue. I don't know the man who lives across town on Boston Circle, but I have his telephone number somewhere. Occasionally UPS or FedEx leaves something he ordered on my front porch. I don't think I knew his name was Paul, either.

She looked at the paper again, "Paul Augustus Baer."

"Yeah, Gus, that's his name. He lives across town."

"Damn," she muttered and slapped her hand over her mouth. "Oops, we're not supposed to use curse words." 

I watched, fascinated, as she stuffed the paper back in her pocket, flipped the sides of her trench coat back, and placed her hands on her bare hips. The look on her face told me she was a little upset at the confusion of street addresses. 

The expression on her face changed, when she looked down at my pussy diver. I felt that animal jerk, as if it had a mind of its own. "Darn," she exclaimed, running her forefinger up and down my shaft. "I wanted that one. He's cute. I like 'em long like that. You know, when I swallow," she looked up at me. "I like it really deep, sort of makes me know I'm doing it right."

She leaned over and whispered, "I know we're not supposed to enjoy it, but it really makes me wet when I do that."

I watched her finger moving up and down my shaft. Taking my eyes off what she was doing for only a moment, I looked at her neatly trimmed pussy. I think the hair between her legs was sort of red. I may have looked up at the hair on her head, for just a second, but my eyes went back to that pretty little pussy. 

"I...I, ah... maybe I need to call the office." She stopped talking and put her hand around my fuck-tool and stroked it a few times. "Do you think ... would you mind..." she dropped to her knees and licked the head of my semen shooter.

Oh Lord. Oh mercy. Oh hell. My throbbing python of love was disappearing into her mouth and my knees were shaking. My eyes rolled back in my head and I shuddered. Sweat broke out on my back. I clenched my fists. It was exquisite. Her hot tongue slid from side to side on the underside of my purple mushroom and I wished I could stand there while she did that for the next century.

Where did she come from? How did she get inside my house? What fate brought her to me? Frankly, I didn't give a damn. 

I looked down at her face and saw her knees were spread showing that pretty little pink pussy. Hell, I could smell her. She was sucking on my rod and I wanted to lick her. I wanted my tongue to invade that pussy and hear her moan and make the same noises I was making.

I wanted my fingers in her honey hole. I needed her juice on my chin. I had to have that red pussy hair tickling my nose. I wanted to cry with the need to have her soft creamy thighs rubbing my cheeks. I didn't care how I had to do it, but I was going to have those legs over my shoulders when I dove into that delicious dripping cunt. I wanted those pretty feet pounding on my back when I tickled that soft little slit and I'd make her hips bounce with her climax with I nibbled on that hard little clit.

I swear I felt her tonsils when she swallowed my ham and her chin bumped my two eggs. My knees got weak when she pulled her head back, looked up and me, and tried to smile around my bush-beater. I watched her face tilt up as my Roman candle rubbed across the roof of her mouth and went down her throat. I saw her neck move when she swallowed my throb knob. 

I stood still, trembling, as her head bobbed back and forth. Oh man, she was working my wank and I was so close to shooting my wad. My balls were getting tight and she must have seen them drawing up. She put her hand between my legs, clutched my ball sac, and squeezed. Hot damn, that did it. 

I exploded. I shot cum down her throat and watched the ripples going down her neck when she swallowed. Girls scream and men roar and boy did I bellow. Like a wild mountain lion, I howled, and I didn't care if the neighbors heard me. My head jerked, my butt cheeks clenched and I think my toes curled. 

I do not know if I dropped to the floor or fell. All I could think about was that pretty little pussy and the sweet taste of her nectar on my tongue. If she turned around for me, I don't know. I may have manhandled her, but I don't care. I flipped her over and got my mouth on that pussy so fast I think she was surprised because she groaned.

"Eat me ... yes, yes, yes ... eat my sweet pussy."

She moved her hips back and forth. "Scratch my itch, big man. Put you fingers in there and tickle my twat." By this time, she was humping her hips up and down, and moving so fast I couldn't get my hands on her tits, but I kept trying.

She exploded, clamped her thighs against my head so hard I was afraid she popped my eardrums. She twisted that flexible pelvis of hers and lifted my head up before she bounced her hips back on the floor.

When she let me go, I rolled over on my back and tried to catch my breath. I don't know how she did it, but she had my trouser truncheon in her mouth and was sucking me back to steel. Then she climbed on top of me, sank down on my womb broom, and pounded away until that sweet little love hole of hers exploded and sucked another load of sperm out of my stocking stuffer before I was even aware I was gonna cum.

Damn she was hot and I was getting sore. Sweat was running down my chest and her juice was a warm pool under my hips. 

I heard her panting beside me, but I couldn't open my eyes because one was looking to the left and the other was still rolled back in my head.

I groaned when she said, "Let me rest a minute. I want to do that again before I call the office." She breathed deeply a few times and asked, "Say, do you think you can suck on my tits for a little while before you squirt some man juice on them?"

I may have groaned. I know I wanted to turn over, but none of my muscles would cooperate. I believe I smiled when I heard her say, "This next time, maybe we can do a really slow fuck."