 CHAPTER 1

A black cloud settled over a house at 23 Walton St near the edge of the city because Charlotte and her husband Finnegan (Finn) O'Toole were bored. They were not going out because neither of them went walking, being young people, and anything else that cost money to visit was out because Charlotte had been fired from the Milk Distributors where she had worked feeding caps into machines capping containers of watered-down milk.

Finn's company where he was a pantyhose quality inspector was not yet downsizing because of the economic recession but there were ominous rumblings from the boardroom at frequent emergency meetings. Sales were down with cash-strapped women wearing cheap knee-high socks instead of pantyhose or unfashionable tights. 

Charlotte a college dropout was the brains of the family and had said, "We have to cut back in case you are fired."

Finn was appalled but that passed when he found the cutback comment related to spending, not to sex. He pushed Charlotte over the kitchen table and had a quickie to celebrate and she was pleased thinking Finn's interest in her was renewing because he'd been visiting that sexy bitch across the street rather too frequently of late. A bit of la-di-dah over the fence was acceptable but not as frequently as every other night.

"I'm bored," Finn sighed.

"Go and masturbate."

"I've already done that and don't want a quick repeat because I want to leave a hefty shot in the barrel for you."

Charlotte moistened the crotch of her pants in delight. But when he sighed again and said he was bored she snapped, "You having your laptop sitting over there gathering dust. Write something."

"Write what?"

"I don't know. Write and submit to Literotica. All kinds of dopes do that."

"Are you calling me a dope?"

"Only be implication. Don't be so sensitive."

Fifteen minutes at sitting at the laptop Finn asked, "What should I write about?"

"Sex you idiot. What else is on your mind?"

"Er drinking forty cans of Bud light."

"God you are acclimatizing. Before we immigrated here you said Yankee beer tastes like cat's piss."

"Well no one here gives you free English beer because it costs too much. I was forced to recant."

"Recant is a strange word for you. Did Mrs Isaacs teach you that?"

"Mrs Isaacs?

Charlotte sighed. "You go to her house every second night to change a tap washer."

"American tap washers are crud, they don't last, not like English ones."

"I think you'll find over here using a rubber on compression faucets belongs to the days of the ark. They have various proprietary systems. Alternatively most of my girlfriends have faucets incorporating a ceramic disc."

"How do you know so much?"

"Unlike you darling I suffered an accident at birth; I was born with intelligence and later refined my ability to use my brain."

"It's an urban myth that babes have brains; ask any guy."

Charlotte said, "Will you stop this mind-numbing tirade. Unless you write something to publish on Literotica I'll stop you visiting Mrs Isaacs."

"Oh don't do that. It's easy to write about sex. Tell me, do the husbands of your girlfriends wear rubbers?"

"Not when engaging with their wives, only when they go out of bounds and try someone like me. Oh dear what am I saying. Is that the doorbell?"

"I didn't hear it?"

"That's because you should be working on your article. Get started please Finn. Once you post it you may have me back-door."

"It's an urban myth that babes allow their husbands to go backdoor. Women only permit anal when they go out of bounds."

"You know too much for your own good Finnegan Paddy O'Toole. Get on with your work. I'm off to do the ironing."

Finn made a promising start, according to him. Charlotte read it and said might be okay when polished and it was pretty pedestrian.

"Pedestrian?"

"Yes you write as if you've never fucked anyone but your wife."

"Well um I haven't."

"You lying toad and you weren't even born in Ireland Mr O'Toole. You should go out of bounds and get some experience."

"Really?"

"Ohmigod, what am I saying? I know, you won't wish to write about Mrs Isaacs because that would give your game away and I don't want you damaging my girlfriends with your fundamentally flawed sexual practices and I don't want you doing it with women we don't know. Look mom and my sister arrive on vacation next week. Broaden your experience with them."

"Okay if you insist."

"I do and if you manage to insert into either them I'll be astonished."

"Then how will I gain experience?"

"Going after pussy is four-fifths of what makes sex exciting darling. Don't your buddies tell you that?"

"Oh yeah."

"Yeah, as disciples of urban myths you guys would believe anything you are told."

It was Saturday and Lucy their daughter came home from a sleepover at a friend's place. Lucy was six and had been born in America so even at that tender age she was able to correction her parents in word choice like, "They're not called bangers daddy; they are sausages."

"Mrs Simons said she fancies you daddy. What does that mean?"

"It means she likes my after-shave," said Finn, wondering what else Mrs Simons had said about him.

Later Lucy wanted to go for a walk so Charlotte called up a neighbor's older girl and arranged for Nevada to take Lucy for a walk for a payment of ten bucks. While Charlotte was busy with her nails that gave Finn the peace he needed to write creatively about fucking the big tits of Mrs Simons.

Charlotte read what Finn had written and only suggested one change. "No suburban guy has a fifteen-inch dick darling. In my experience nine inched is absolute max."

Finn thanked his wife for being such a walking database of information. Making the change he read what he'd written in that chapter for submission to the Literotica website.

- - -

Desmond's wife said he could go out and play and should fuck someone. It would take pressure off her. He couldn't think of anyone to fuck but just then Bonnie French, at least he thought her name was Bonnie, said hi. He walked over to chat and she eyed his bulge and said he was stacked. Yummy yummy. Before Desmond could figure out what to do she grabbed him by the belt buckle and led him inside and fucked him.

Putting his nine-inch piece of meat away, still dripping, Desmond thought what a great fuck. He would have married Mrs French had she not been married. Oh damn it he was married too. He went home and peeled potatoes for dinner.

- - - -

Mid-morning Monday, with Lucy at elementary school, her parents went to the local airport. Charlotte's sister and their mom were excited and lively, having stopped over in New York for shopping and to break their journey.

Finn kissed his mother-in-law and whispered, "May I fuck you tonight?"

"Certainly not," she said, indignantly, "I'm British." She then jarred his teeth with a slap.

Fortunately the other two were weeping in a hug and hadn't noticed that exchange.

Charlotte was driving because it was her car (they had sold Finn's SUV) and Pamela, who was sitting in the back with Finn, placed a hand over his covered dick and whispered, "What you proposed earlier... what do you have in mind?"

"Research."

"How can balling me be research?"

"I'm writing a sex story and Charlotte suggested I widen my experience by balling you."

"So Charlotte put you up to this? Well she always was over-sexed. Sneak into my room tonight."

"But Wendy will be in your room?"

"Tough. If she wakes you'll have to plug her as well."

Finn worried. Pamela was so old, almost fifty. She'd be lucky to remember where her pussy was and it probably would have virtually dried out from not being used for perhaps fifteen years. He was saved by the bell; actually it was his phone ringing.

"Drop me off at the plant honey," he said after the operations manager had spoken to him. "The board has made some tough decisions and the executives are calling us in to brief us."

"Ohmigod, you're going to be fired."

"Hush darling. Mrs Isaacs told me you were so un-American being so negative. Look on the bright side."

"What bright side?"

"Dunno."

* * *

Cedric Cox the operations manager had replaced the chief executive who'd been fired. An hour later when it was Finn's turn to enter the CEO's office Cedric greeted him with a big smile.

"We have had our eye on you for sometime Finn."

Christ they were going to fire him instead of giving him the option of taking a salary cut.

"You don't spend you time propositioning female workers or stand around hands in pockets whistling opera. No you take a real interest in quality control and have an tremendous record in spotting machined production defects."

Huh?

"Charlie, hand Finn your car keys."

Charlie Hoyt was hosiery plant manager. He passed over the keys, eyes red from crying. He was told to pick up his severance pay and leave forthwith. "You are our new hosiery plant manager," Cedric said coldly. We've been forced to economize and cut back the salary but it will still be $40,000 p.a. more than what you are getting now. Congratulations."

"Thank you Mr Innes and congratulations on your elevation."

"Call me Cedric. You are senior management now. Gloria Snow from HR has been promoted to be your PA. She has a degree in business management so can hold your hand while you pick up on things. Call the next guy in as you leave and report immediately to HR."

Two hours later Finn drove home and Charlotte, who was fairly plain and in her prime at twenty-eight, thinking he was being driven by a sympathetic employee who'd retained her job came flying out the house, auburn hair and tears streaming. She braked to an abrupt stop, mouth dangling, when she saw her husband step out of the car grinning and saying, "This Sangria Red Taurus is my company car, my salary has lifted by $40k, I have oodles of company employee benefits available only to top managers and my title is hosiery plant manager."

"Ohmigod. Why have I been crying?"

"Dunno."

"Oh my baby, come to momma."

The family gathered and congratulated him.

"Ohmigod, what do you know about management?" Charlotte squealed.

"Nothing but I have a sexy babe as my tutor and if I don't perform she'll get my job."

"Oh darling, perform and fuck her if necessary to maintain her loyalty."

Charlotte's mother and her 20-year-old sister nodded in agreement.

That night Finn sneaked into the guestroom. Just as he finished fucking his mother-in-law, unspectacularly, Wendy awoke, figured what was going on and whispered, "I want a piece of that."

Finn wrote about Wendy.

- - - -

Desmond's baby sister, only twenty, came to stay. When his wife went out shopping Desmond shafted Debbie real good. She was tight and he just kept cumming every couple of minutes, juice went everywhere. The bitch bit his tongue, raked his back with her nails and covered his shaved chest all over with heavy sucks that would appear as love bites next morning and his wife would know what an asshole he was.

"You were good Debbie."

"You were okay Desmond. Actually I prefer it up the butt."

Desmond thought ah well, there's always tomorrow night to attend to that request. He wondered if his mom would be proud of them for coming together like that. He hoped Debbie wasn't pregnant. Well they'd know in nine months he supposed.

CHAPTER 2

Driving to work Finn thought Gloria Snow would be too much up herself to bother with the likes of him. She was a beautiful. Blonde, six-two just like him, and with great legs and little titties although a little larger than his, well he supposed so. She had a master's degree and her father was president of City-Rural Bank. She would be after his job.

Gloria came in five minutes early.

"Oh hi Mr O'Toole. I don't suppose you remember me?"

"I do actually. We had a dance at the Christmas Party last year and you kissed me but wouldn't allow me to feel your tits."

"You can do that now if you wish Mr O'Toole. I am desperate to make a good impression on you because I know I have the knowledge and you don't. This makes it very awkward for me."

"It's okay. I'll teach you things learned from the work floor that you never will have learned at college."

"Groom me for what job?"

"My job."

"Ohmigod no. I aim to prove myself as a loyal and high-performing PA and then to return to HR as assistant manager and then go in as assistant operations manager and then operations manager and then at the age of say thirty-four quit and have a couple of babies if I've married by then."

"Is that so?" Finn said, absolutely surprised. He knew he had the natural cunning to run this to his advantage. 

"Well I'll do everything to keep your career plans on track Gloria and I do mean everything. Look call me Finn. Are you aware that it's traditional for a boss to have sex with his PA?"

Gloria's eyes went huge. "No they didn't teach us that at college."

"I bet they didn't."

"Finn, does that mean just a little bit of sex or all the way sex?"

Finn thought he'd sound more convincing and more like a genuinely caring boss if he took a risk. "That will be up to you Gloria."

"Ohmigod, really? I had a fleeting thought you were out to exploit me."

"Who me? Oh come on Gloria. Look sweetie, you look at these wall charts and try to make sense of them for me and read my job specification that's on your desk. Then look through the drawers and cupboards and then your computer for anything useful. I'd think weekly reports to Monday's management meeting would be the place to start."

"God, you have nous for someone without a degree."

"Thanks, well I'll go down on to the floor and take the crap from the gals and girls I've been working with for some years. They'll be thinking there is something going on between Cedric and me... er of course that's the work of despicable rumor-mongers. I only focus on pussy. It's time to show them I'm not the CEO's puppet. Oh Gloria, are you on the pill?"

"Yes why?" Her face turned pink and she grinned, "Naughty boy."

"As I said sweetie, it's over to you how far you wish to go. You know I'm married don't you?"

"Yes to Charlotte and you have a daughter Lucy who's six. I've read your file just as you would have read mine."

"Yeah," Finn lied.

At 5:25 Finn popped back to the office and said in faked surprise, "Are you still here?"

"Yes, come in an lock the door Finn. Oh I bought my CV up on your computer just in case you hadn't read it thoroughly."

* * *

Finn drove home wondering yet again was he locked in a dream. And yet some things were too real for a dream, like the feel of Gloria's juice from her pussy dripping on to his chest. In a dream you can imagine the discharge but you don't feel it splatter.

"God I hope those three women at home don't all wish to be fucked tonight."

After dinner the women went to a girls' movie, though politely inviting him and they couldn't believe he said yes but then saw his stupid look. He'd put Lucy to bed just after arriving home. She'd been bathed and fed and was waiting for him to read a story. He did that with great pleasure. He checked her to find her needing an arm tucked in and then went off to begin writing, based on that day's events.

- - - -

Desmond was caught in a company shake-down due to deteriorating market conditions. He lost his job in downsizing but was given the chance to continue on, same salary, as Miss Marks's PA. God what a battle-axe but he decided to try it. He arrived next morning to begin working for her and found she'd been caught in the wave of second-thought firings late the previous afternoon.

Fuck, that meant his new job was gone. But no, a buxom blonde with lovely blue eyes came in and threw down her coat. Desmond thought by the way she was standing she'd have strong thighs. Her shoes looked unfashionable.

"Are you Adams?"

"Yes ma'am."

"It's miss. Hang up my coat. It is my duty to turn you into a good PA because your career path is through into HR, then treasury, then plant management, then marketing and then we believe that's where you'll languish till you retire."

"Thank you miss."

"Now let's get this straight. I'm gay and if you come into the office and I'm fucking one of the women you are not to snigger."

"Yes I understand miss."

"You may call me Gloria. You're not gay are you? I can't stand gay men."

"You are entitled to think like that Gloria."

"What's that? Oh yes. Are you liberal?"

"Well if you are fucking one of your female employees feel free to invite me to join you two Gloria."

"Well I guess we can't get more liberal than that. Pull it out and let's see what you've got."

"Well I be darned. It's small but exactly the right width to take up the butt without pain. I think you and I are going to get along fine Adams, er I mean Desmond."

- - - -

Finn yawned and thought that would be enough for the night. He went to bed and thought about the real Gloria. She had sucked him so beautifully, looking up at him subserviently and in fact almost worshipfully. Well he did have an extra large knob and that helped her stop in time on her backstroke. He'd stroked her hair and smiled and he could tell, however wrong he was, that she loved him. Well perhaps it was just having fellatio that was ringing her bell.

She had pretty small tits so a satisfying tit fuck appeared unlikely. She spat his cum into the trash can. Gloria wiped her mouth and looked at him deeply and what she then said really rattled his nuts. She said please it to her anally.

Oh boy. She bent over the desk and Finn gleefully parted her beautifully shaped and firm cheeks and went down and sucked everything in sight, on his way to a fuck he already thought was bound to be in his best top ten ever. Well it certainly was memorable. Darling sweet Gloria was strong and bucked so savagely she sent him on a flip over her head and he crashed into his chair, almost breaking his back. She apologized saying she was concentrating so intently in thumping pussy she'd forgot to warm she was about to climax. She said proudly that was the most she'd ever cum in a single fuck in her entire life. Finn was sure she meant her adult life.

Finn arrived home next evening wondering what did managers really do. Although Gloria worked flat out he'd done virtually nothing but answer phone calls. The three women at home were horny so as soon as it was confirmed Lucy was asleep he was seized and devoured and a couple of hours later was tossed aside like a limp rag. Charlotte cleaned him up, carried him to bed and later returned with very late dinner and fed him.

Next morning before he left for work Charlotte said, "I've read what you have written. That principal character of yours is an asshole."

"Then that ought to make him very popular with female readers."

"What? You need to convince me about that."

"Don't all females think men are assholes?"

She grinned for a moment and then said, "As a character Desmond is wafer-thin. He shows no tenderness and no respect for women. He focuses entirely on pussy. Your female characters are faceless... in fact you don't even paint their description. They may as well not have faces."

"Well male readers would understand that. None will have ever met a woman who is satisfied with her face or her figure or for that matter satisfied with her pussy. Are you critical of my writing?"

"Yes, as a matter of fact I am."

"Why don't you go to the kitchen and get my breakfast. You sound just like those assholes on the Literotica website that slam into writers who have faithfully crafted their story and all those swine want to do is to hurl abuse."

"Crap, that's the typical response from under-performing authors."

At the office Finn said to Gloria, when you finish what you're doing might you have time for a philosophical chat?"
