 She woke to the smell of coffee and smiled. He didn't drink the stuff, so she knew he'd made it just for her. She stretched lazily, grabbed the soft flannel blanket they'd fallen asleep under in front of the fire last night, wrapped it around herself to cover her nakedness, and wandered toward the kitchen. She was able to watch him for a bit as he busied himself in the kitchen, and she savored looking at him unnoticed. There was simultaneously power and grace in his movements that made him very enjoyable to watch.

"Hey! How long have you been standing there? Um, you look great," he said as he took in the curves of her pale breasts over the top of the blanket and noticed the arch of her back as it sloped toward her ass. She smiled at him and took the coffee he offered. "So, are you ready for some adventure today?" he asked. 

"Absolutely! Let's go have some fun," she said.

They had decided to explore the state park that the cabin was near. There were a bunch of trail heads they could pick from the park's parking lot, and decided on the trail that was an easy walk around the lake to start. A bunch of other people had the same idea for a walk in the park because it was such a lovely fall day with crisp temperatures and beautifully colored leaves. They kept running into families and other couples as they walked. 

"You know," he said, "this is very nice and the park is beautiful, but I really want to be kissing you right now. All of these people are making that hard to do." 

She stopped walking, looked at him for a minute, and pulled him to her so she could kiss him. She stood there kissed him for a long time, exploring his mouth with hers and his body with her hands, until they were interrupted by the sounds of another group of people approaching them and the little kids in the group giggling at them. "Kiss me whenever you want. The thought of getting caught in public turns me on." The rest of the walk around the lake was spent looking at the leaves, kissing and touching each other from time to time, and talking about what had been happening in their lives since they'd last seen each other.

After they finished the lake trail, they stopped at the car and grabbed the picnic basket he'd packed while she'd slept. They decided that after lunch they'd tackle one of the harder trails once they checked out the options.

She'd been keeping an eye on the trail traffic and had determined one had barely any other people on it, so she suggested they take that trail since it seemed to be 'the road less traveled by.' He appreciated her Robert Frost literary reference but appreciated the prospect of being alone in the woods with her more, so he agreed to her trail choice. The trail was the steepest one in the park and the trailhead sign promised sweeping views of the park at the summit, a wandering stream with hidden pools, and the possibility of wild animal sightings. As he went to put the picnic basket back in the car before they headed out, she suggested they bring the picnic blanket so they could use it at the summit to sit and enjoy the view.

They set off on the trail when the day had warmed and the sun shone brightly through the colorful forest canopy. Although there were a few people heading back down the trail after their morning hikes, they didn't see anyone heading up the trail. It was as if they had the trail to themselves, and the trail was just as the park signs had promised. 

There were deer and foxes that could be seen drinking water on the opposite bank of the stream. The cool water appeared to be as appealing to animals as they were to humans as the day's temperature climbed. The sights on the trail were so lovely, they hadn't realized they had been hiking up the mountain for almost two hours when they came upon a secluded pool that the stream had formed.

She turned around to point the pool out to him, and saw that he was already stripping off his clothes while grinning broadly at her. She smiled right back as she started undressing too. 

He grabbed her hand and pulled her toward the stream's pool with him. He stepped into the water and turned to help her in. Before letting her step into the water, he pulled her close to him and started kissing her deeply. Their tongues tangled with each other as he ran his hands over her breasts, making her rosy nipples harden with excitement. 

She let out a soft moan as his thumb passed lightly over her nipple again, and pulled his head down to her breast. "Do that again," she demanded, "but this time with your tongue." 

He was happy to comply and eagerly took her ample tits into his hand and pulled her nipple into his mouth. He ran his tongue over her gently, playing with her until she moaned more loudly with her head tilted back in pleasure. As her long curly brown hair brushed his hands, he grabbed it passionately and said, "what do you want me to do now?"

She looked at him for a moment, taking in his beautiful body and fully erect cock. She could feel the desire flaring in her belly and her pussy tightening in anticipation of his engorged dick filling her. What did she want him to do now? Everything! Did she really need to pick just one thing? She loved the feel of his mouth on her body, but her pussy was wet and aching for attention. She needed him to touch her there, so she told him, "I want you to play with my clit. Make me cum and then fuck me in the water." 

He loved when she told him what she wanted and could feel his cock thickening with desire for her. He was happy to indulge her request. He kissed her for a moment before returning his attention to her breasts, but this time his hand slid down her stomach and through her triangle of dark, curly pubic hair in search of her clit. 

Her stomach tightened even more as his hand got closer to her hot epicenter. When his finger touched her clit, her knees went weak and they stumbled deeper into the stream. He could feel how ready she was for him. Her clit was exceptionally sensitive and her slit was dripping for him. 

He ran his finger slowly around her clit in an effort to relax her, but that only served to arouse her more. The long, slow strokes made her open herself up to him more and pleasure trailed wherever his finger wandered. He could feel her climax building, and his cock was throbbing in time with her groans. He played out his need for her on her, stroking her in the rythym he wanted to be fucking her. She came to a shuddering climax on his hand and collapsed onto him, breathing heavily.

"Yes. That. That was exactly what I wanted you to do to me. And now I want you in me," she told him. With that, she pulled him further into the pool to a shaded part that was mostly obscured from the trail by low-hanging branches. "Fuck me here!" she growled, "and do it now."

He didn't need to be asked a second time but he did need to say, "are you sure? If anyone comes past us, they'll likely see us. We're blocked from view, but not totally..."

"I'm sure. I want you. Now. Here," she replied. Before she had finished speaking, he had turned her quickly around and bent her over the mossy bank while nudging her legs apart with his foot. One of his hands found her clit again from behind while his other hand found her breast. He pulled her back into him as he played with her.

"You really do get turned on by the thought of getting caught, don't you?" he murmured in her ear. "You are wetter right now than I've ever felt you."

"Are you kidding me?" she replied. "Everything about this is amazing. This place is beautiful. You're hot as hell. And the way you can make me feel is fantastic. If we get caught, we might have to worry about people joining in! Would you please stop talking now and fuck me?"

With that, he pull back his hand from her pussy and quickly slid his rock-hard cock into her. He slowly thrust himself in and out of her a few times, grabbing her hips to steady himself on the slippery stream-bed. Once he was sure of his footing, his pace picked up and her back arched each time he drove himself deeper into her. This position - with him behind her - allowed him to hit her g-spot each time he buried himself in her. She could feel her arousal building as his rhythmic pumping made her ache for him - and for her release. 

"Don't stop," she panted. "This feels so good. Keep fucking me. I want to feel you cum in me."

"Hey! Someone must be picnicking here," a voice from the trail said.

He stopped moving and she groaned in dissatisfaction. "Did you hear that?," he whispered.

"Yes. I did," she whispered back, "but don't stop. Either they saw us by now or they didn't. There's nothing we can do about it now." As she was talking, she had slowly started moving her hips back into him and sliding his throbbing dick in her warm wetness. "But we can do something about making each other cum. Please fuck me. Now!"

His hips had started responding to hers before his mind registered what she was saying. He moaned and started banging her from behind. "You are very convincing... but try to be quiet!"

She smiled to herself as her pleasure began to grow again now that he was moving in her once more. "Of course," she murmured.

They heard a second voice from the trail say, "my guess is they stopped here for lunch and then continued up the trail to checkout the view. They're likely plan to grab their gear on the way back down. Let's go."

He seemed to relax when he heard this and picked up his tempo and pulled himself deeper into her with each thrust. 

She couldn't take the exquisite pleasure any more and felt her climax coming. "Oh, yes, you're making me come!," she moaned as she shuddered in release.

He laughed at her and said, "um, that was not quiet, Sweetheart, not quiet at all!" 

She stopped him, stood up, pulled away from him, and turned around. "Oh, I'm not quiet, huh? I can't help it when you make me feel that good! Let's see how quiet you are when your time comes."

She asked him sit on a smooth, flat boulder that was nearby in a small patch of sunlight. 

He looked at her quizzically, but did as she asked. Once he was seated, she approached him and got on her knees in front of him.

"Mmm. This rock your sitting on is warm. I was hoping it would be... I didn't want to shock your man-bits too much," she said with a smirk. 

"That's very thoughtful of you," he said, "but I think you just challenged me - and I want to see who will win."

"Oh, I think we're both gonna come out winners in this one," she said with a smile as she looked up at him with her large hazel eyes filled with mischief. She then looked down to admire his beautiful cock, impressed by how long he'd stayed hard while fucking her from behind and how he'd remained hard as she repositioned him. She leaned closer to him and muttered, "impressive," just before taking him in her mouth.

The groan she heard from him confirmed what his throbbing cock told her - he was liking this. She was determined to make him like it more. She started sucking on the tip of his penis, applying slow and throbbing pressure that she hoped reminded him of what it felt like when his dick was buried deep in her pussy and she squeezed him as he was in her. She continued this throbbing sucking and then added smooth, broad licks to the underside of his head until his moans got louder. She paused for a moment, and brought her hand out of the stream to sprinkle a bit of cold water on his cock. He gasped in shock and looked down at her. 

She smiled up at him and said, "I just wanted to make sure you were paying attention when I did this," and then moved just enough to take the rest of his cock deep into her warm throat and suck on his entire length until he screamed out her name. 

"My, my," she said. "Looks like you're not all that quiet either... but you are really hard and I'm going to ride you now."

With that, she straddled him as he sat on the warm rock in the stream and rocked up and down on his cock. "I think you like the idea of getting caught, too, Smexy, and you definitely like me going down on you."

She didn't get to finish her thought because he pulled her to him and started kissing her hard - and he kept kissing her until she was light headed. When he did release her mouth, it was only to begin an assault on her breasts. His mouth was hot on her and she was dripping with desire for him. She hadn't even realized he'd grabbed her hips and now was controlling their rhythm. He was thrusting into her while pulling her down onto him, creating excruciatingly erotic pressure for them both that could not be contained. She came on him seconds before he released into her, and neither one could say who had been the loudest but both agreed that neither had been quiet in their climax.

They caught their breath for a few minutes and cleaned off in the pool before finding their way back to their clothes and getting ready to finish the hike. The walk to the summit went by fairly quickly and they were rewarded by a stunning view of the mountains in their fall colors. It was truly spectacular, and they were once again surprised by no one else being around since it was so lovely here.

They spread out their blanket so they could soak in the view and share memories from their pasts and plans for their futures. They'd been chatting for a while when they noticed another couple up on the overlook. The couple had apparently noticed them too, and had started walking toward them.

"Well, hello there!," said a familiar voice that they couldn't place. "We were wondering if you would make it up here. We saw that blanket your sitting on down by the stream a while ago..."

He replied, "Absolutely! We've been in the park all day and finally got here. It's amazing."

The person with the familiar voice chuckled and said, "yeah, it sure was amazing and we can understand why you were delayed."

"Oh? What do you mean?," she asked with the dawning of recognition of having heard that voice while they were having sex in the stream.

The other person in the couple replied, "I knew we shouldn't have come over - and we definitely shouldn't have said anything! But, um, we saw you... down the trail, you know... in that pretty pool the stream makes. At first we thought people had just left stuff behind to grab on their way back, but then we heard you... and then saw you. I'm sorry, but I have to tell you - we stayed and watched. You guys were crazy hot. I sorta wanted to interrupt and ask if we could join in!"

They exchanged glances and she blushed a little. He smiled at her, and then spoke to the couple, "well, thanks. We'll take that as a compliment... and maybe next time you can join in."

The couple laughed and said goodbye, and they were alone on the mountain top again. She wriggled in closer to him, intertwined her fingers with his, and murmured in his ear, "I was right! You did like getting caught, but it turns out that there were more than the just the two of us who were winners in today's fun. That couple got more than they bargained for on their walk today - and they're happy about it!"

"Indeed they did, and so did I! Let's go back to the cabin and spend some time together," he said. "We may not have another chance for getting caught or for entertaining voyeurs there, but I'm sure we'll figure out some way to keep things interesting. You know, taking that trail less traveled by really did make all the difference."

"Agreed," she said with a smile, and they headed back down the mountain and back to the cabin.

Once there, they decided a chill evening was what they needed and spent the night making dinner, relaxing in the hot tub by the river, and exchanging massages and stories throughout the night until they fell asleep in the four-poster bed. 

Both slept well until she had a dream so vivid and erotic that it woke her up, and she wanted to show him what she had dreamt. She knew exactly how she wanted wake him up. He'd really liked it in the dream, so perhaps the reality would be as good as the fantasy...