 Sebastian sat at his desk and rocked slowly. The blank computer screen lurked in front of him ominously. His bright green eyes wide open staring into oblivion as he wringed his hands in his lap. There was no sound, not even the gentle whistle of the wind could be heard. The November moon cast beams of eerie blue light through the thick wooden blinds and onto the wooden floor. The large arched window looked out across the park in the heart of a city that never slept. Sebastian kept the same hours and through his striking features, fatigue wore on his face like a mask. The scruff of his unshaven chin, complemented the tussle of his dark hair that sprouted across his head, standing from the many times he had rested his fingers through there.

This time his mind was not blank. There was no block for him to work through like before. This time his mind was a tumultuous uproar of activity and disjointed thoughts that he could not contain. He wrote in spurts of creativity that occurred without relation to each other. His notes consumed his studio much like the images consumed his mind. A poem by the bed, a page of prose on the coffee table, a half finished lyric with no music on the counter, and wads of paper filling the wastebasket.

Slowly, Sebastian stood and walked across the cold floor to the large window. He stood there looking out across his city, silhouetted by the moon, lost in the stars. He leaned against the glass, sliding one hand into his pants pocket and the other through his unruly hair. His white cotton shirt hung from his large but lean frame, his bare feet crossed. The moon was low in the sky, casting shadows long across the park and nearly empty city streets.

Dawn would come soon ending another sleepless night. Sebastian turned from the window, slipped into a pair of shoes and grabbed his coat from the chair headed for the door. The bakery would soon open and coffee was calling his name. He turned back to the window to see the first light of a new day creep slowly across the sky.

The street was still. Only a very few cars and trucks drove by as Sebastian walked along the sidewalk toward the corner store. It was a daily habit now, the girl at the counter knew him. She had his coffee and bagel ready as he walked in the door. Though she did not know his name, and spoke very little to him, it was a part of her day as much as it was a part of his. The small interaction he had these days he valued highly.

Today her smile was not as bright. She spoke no words to him and he responded in kind. Silently he paid with exact change and took his cup and bagel back out of the store. Across the street and to the park, Sebastian walked slowly through the cold morning air. Still too early for a breeze, he chooses a bench near a field to sit and enjoy his breakfast.

He sat quietly and alone sipping from the steaming cup and nibbling on the bagel. Time passed slowly, as the day opened over the world. A jogger here, dog walker there passed by hardly noticed. As he finished his bagel, Sebastian became uncomfortable. He shifted nervously on the bench and checked his watch. The last drop of coffee slid into his mouth as he looked around the park. Something of his morning was missing, and he grew more agitated as each moment passed. 

Then he saw her.

Her graceful limbs flowed around her as she jogged around a corner and toward Sebastian. She was lithe and long. Today's long tight jogging pants and large sweatshirt complemented her form. Sebastian lost himself for a moment in her casual beauty. Her gracious eyes sparkled in the early morning, as her hair bounced around her perfect face. Sebastian stood as she approached him.

"Good morning Sebastian. Did you enjoy your coffee?" Her voice was soft and kind, yet filled with confidence.

"It was a bit strong this morning." Sebastian muttered as he glanced at her eyes before concentrating on the ground between them. "How is your run?"

"A bit late this morning, but so far it is nice. I'm not sure how much longer I will be able to do my morning runs before it gets too cold though." She smiled at him as his eyes darted back to hers. Sebastian paused, his mouth fell open slightly, "Yes I suppose you are right, winter is quickly upon us."

"Have a good day, Sebastian. Write well." She winked at him, laying a gentle hand on his shoulder then jogging off through the park.

"Goodbye Elizabeth." He muttered at her retreating form.

Sebastian ventured back to his study and moved about the large open space aimlessly at first. The computer screen still sat vacant, notes and pages littered the tabletops and floors. His bed was piled with books, pads, and pillows. He found himself standing in the middle of the room looking about confused. His mind was locked on the depth of her eyes, the gentle curve of her lips when she smiled. A knock at the door woke him from his dream.

Slipping out of his coat, Sebastian wandered to the door. The awakening stumbled his mind. No one ever came to visit. As he thought about it, only his landlord really knew he was there, except perhaps his parents who live down south. He got to the door and paused for a moment. With a deep breath he turned the locks and opened the door.

His jaw dropped open as he peered into the hallway. Elizabeth stood before him, still in her jogging attire. He was stricken, speechless. She smiled warmly at him, showing her bright white teeth.

"Good morning again. I followed you home. I was worried about you. You were even less chatty than normal this morning." She spoke softly and stepped closer to the door.

"Hmm yes, well I didn't get much sleep."

"You never do." There was a pause. "May I come in?" Elizabeth said, stepping toward Sebastian and passed him into his apartment.

She left Sebastian in amazement by the door as she wandered around the room. Her delicate fingers traced over some of his notes, she smiled as she walked to the window and pulled open the blinds. The bright morning light streamed into the room filling it with a new freshness. Elizabeth unfolded her long arms straight out and took a deep breath holding her head back and closing her eyes.

Lowering her head to Sebastian, Elizabeth looked at him, dropping her arms and moving toward the kitchen area in the corner.

"Don't tell me that coffee and bagel is the only thing you eat for breakfast?" She quipped as she moved to the refrigerator.

Sebastian still in shock closed the door and moved toward her. "Uhm yes actually it is."

Elizabeth turned to him ready to admonish him for his lack of health, when she saw a page sitting on the counter. It was poetry, the title caught her eye. She fell silent and picked the single page up and began to read. Sebastian stopped. His head lowered, his breathing became shallow. He knew exactly which poem she had discovered.

Elizabeth looked up at Sebastian slowly from the page. Tears welled her eyes as she clutched the page close to her heart. Jackson looked at her only briefly before retreating even further into the room, into himself.

"It is so beautiful. I am . . . I . . . Sebastian? How did you? When? This is the most amazing thing I've ever read." She walked over to him. Presenting the poem to him, placing her arm up on his broad shoulder.

Sebastian's eyes darted from the floor to Elizabeth and down again. He managed a weak smile and shook his head slightly.

"Why did you never say anything?" She asked stepping even closer to him.

"I'm not so good with people."

Her long finger lifted his chin, raising his face to hers. Her bright eyes peered into his soul, their breath mingled dangerously. "I'm not just people." She whispered to him, her lips close to his.

Sebastian lost himself in her eyes, the smell of her so close. Without a conscious thought his head leaned slightly forward and their lips met softly together. The world dissolved from around them as Sebastian slipped his strong arms around her, pressing their bodies together. It was a soft and gentle kiss, slow at first. Lips pressing together, then parting. Sebastian tasted her tongue as he felt it slowly pass his lips. Chills followed a wave of shivers throughout his body as she moved against him.


Sebastian slowly began to grow confidence as their bodies moved together. His hands explored her back, the soft and silky skin beneath her sweatshirt. She broke the kiss and stepped back for a moment. Her eyes met his, as her fingers unbuttoned his shirt slowly and slid it from his shoulders. She lifted her own sweatshirt over her head and off, standing before him in a jog bra. With nimble fingers she released the rear clasp and allowed the bra to slip down her arms and off.

"You will be so good with me." She whispered to him as she stepped closer, placing his open palm on her breast. 

Their bodies collided once more in a passionate kiss. This time the intensity had grown. Short work was made of the rest of their clothes and Sebastian soon found himself entangled with Elizabeth among the sheets of his bed. Their naked bodies writhed together, rubbing and touching. He kissed her, and licked her neck, sucking on the base. He could feel her heat and wetness as she rolled over top of him. She let out moans of pleasure as his mouth closed over her nipples and his tongue danced across the tip.

She moved her hips across the length of his hardness, grinding him between her swollen lips. He could feel his head slid along her, touching the hard nub of her clit as she moved back and forth. She arched her back pressing down on him. Slowly she rounded her back over and lifted her hips, placing his head at her opening. Sliding down she took him inside her. Deliberately squeezing him as he filled her, pressing the breath from her open mouth. Her movements began slowly. Long strokes with her hips working him inside her. Her pace began to quicken, his hips bucked to meet and match hers. Her breathing became shallow, moans became whimpers. She rode him, writhing on top of him. His hands slid down from her breasts over her waist and around her hips. She pressed hard down on to him, moving back and forth, getting him to her spot, and eliciting a scream of pleasure. His fingers slid down her front and between her lips. As she rocked back his finger pressed against her clit. Rolling it there, as she moved him deep inside her, sent her into orbit. She thrashed as a guttural scream erupted through her orgasm. Sebastian felt her entire body clinch capturing him deep within her core. She fell forward as her body jerked and her moans intensified. Sebastian could hold no longer. He exploded in his own orgasm, sending a shot of semen inside her. His jerking sent a new tidal wave of ecstasy throughout Elizabeth's body. She rocked on him as he held her tight in his arms. As the incredible sensation began to subside, Elizabeth melted into Sebastian. Her eyes scanned over to see the page lying on the bed next to them. The title looking back at her: "My Elizabeth."

"Excuse me sir?" A gentle voice and tap on the shoulder startled Sebastian awake. He sat up quickly, looking around. He was in the park, but how?

"Sir? You fell asleep and spilled your coffee." His eyes began to focus. There before him was the angelic face, bright eyes and sensual hair the caring lips he had just been kissing. She leaned in close with a hand on his shoulder.

"Elizabeth?" Sebastian uttered, he blinked several times as his eyes adjusted to the light.

"No sir. My name is Kerry actually." She stood and smiled down at him. 

Sebastian smiled up at her. He began to pat his lap where the coffee had spilled suddenly aware of what had happened. His face flushed red as he stood, and began to walk off. He only took a couple strides before stopping and turning back to her.

"Thank you for waking me. I have to go. I have some work I am now ready to finish. Thank you." He kind of stuttered out and started to turn away. "My name is Sebastian."

"It is a pleasure to meet you, Sebastian. Perhaps we can meet again." She smiled with a coyness that struck to Sebastian's soul.

"Indeed."