 I sleep with a bolster whenever I'm not with a girl. It's a habit I have, and it's the only way I can go to sleep. I know it sounds a little weird, but that's the way I am, and there's nothing anyone can say to make me change my habit.

But the bolster I was hugging didn't feel like the one I normally had in my bed. In fact, it was a little more... substantial in some parts. At the bottom, it seemed to taper, and at the top, it was bigger and softer. I could smell it too... it smelt a little musky, a little flowery.

I realised that the bolster I was clutching had what felt like a soft but firm grip on my cock, at about the same time the hand released it, and the bolster exclaimed somewhere in the area of my chest: "What the fuck!"

It wasn't that loud, but it was loud enough for me to recognise the voice. I cracked open an eye and groaned. My head was spinning a little and I shut my eye again, but not before noticing that there was hair on the "bolster" I was hugging. A full head of it. And it smelt and sounded like... Elly.

"What the fuck happened to your pants?" she had had her head on my chest and had to move up to whisper in my ear. I felt her breasts slide against my chest, and a wiry, rather moist area sliding up my thigh... which had apparently been pressed up against her crotch.

"Uh, I..." I began, and her hand quickly covered my mouth. It smelt of her musk. Along with a trace of something else.

"Shhhh!" she whispered urgently in my ear. "You don't want to wake Chris up, do you?"

Oh. It quickly dawned on me: I was on holiday with the two girls, Christina and Ella. My girlfriend, Joey, hadn't been able to come along on account of work, but she was OK with me going with the two girls because she, I and everyone else knew that we were firmly in the friendzone. Joey was firm friends with Chris and Elly long before I knew her, and she trusted the both of them like her own sisters.

Chris and Elly had picked the destination, a tropical island in Asia, and I had tagged along because the tickets had been bought -- it was just too bad that Joey had had that last minute assignment at the office. We had booked adjoining rooms, like we always did when we all holidayed together... and just like we always did, the door between the rooms was open. Joey and I never had an issue with the two girls coming into our room, and saved our holiday sex for those occasions when the other two didn't tag along. Besides, having two bathrooms instead of one also meant that we were able to get out of the rooms more quickly -- Elly in particular was rather slow in getting ready for the day -- and having that door open meant the girls could talk until the wee hours.

It was just that... well, the girls usually returned to their own room when they were tired. They never stayed over in our room. Especially not in the same bed. And definitely not while they were stark naked, like Elly was under the duvet. Like I said, we were in the friendzone, Elly, Chris and I.

"I don't know," I whispered back at her. "Come to think of it, what happened to yours?"

"Smart answer... it's not helping," she replied, her hands rooting about under the duvet, searching for her clothes. "What the fuck happened last night?"

"I... can't remember," I confessed, rubbing my eyes and trying to get my brain working again. "We were drinking at the bar across the street, I think..."

"Yeah," she whispered, her hands brushing up against my erection again. "Will you put that thing away?"

"I can't," I grinned. "It's a part of me."

"Well, it's in the way," she grumbled, her legs joining in the scrabble under the duvet. "I can't find my clothes!"

"You and me both," I whispered back at her as I began searching for my own clothes. I remembered we were in shorts and tee-shirts, all three of us. Elly was the smaller of the two girls, and was wearing a small midriff baring tee, whereas Chris and I were in much larger tees. Mine said "It's not my fault I'm awesome" in big letters, and Chris' was emblazoned with "I'm with stupid", with the word "stupid" cancelled and the word "slut" written over that. Elly's was just a plain pink tee. I had beach shorts on, and Elly had on a pair of running shorts that looked a size bigger than they needed to be, which was how she usually dressed. She wasn't quite the type to leave it all hanging out, if you know what I mean... even though she 'had the goods', so to speak. 

"Hey, watch your hands, you prick," she complained again as my hands brushed against her body. Not against any of her naughty bits, mind you, but they brushed against bare skin nonetheless, and I guess she must have felt uncomfortable about the intimacy of the contact between our naked bodies. Heck, I was embarrassed too... I'd not been unfaithful to Joey ever, and I'm not the sort of guy who's looking to add notches to my belt when my girlfriend is not around.

"Sorry," I mumbled. "I can't find anything under here."

"No shit, Sherlock," her reply sounded fierce, yet resigned. "How the fuck did I end up here? Like this?"

I shrugged. Discretion is indeed the better part of valor. Besides, I couldn't even string together too many coherent thoughts in my own head, to be able to fashion a reply.

"Fuck, you'd better not look at me when I get up. Asshole," she whispered fiercely as she pulled the duvet up around her. "I gotta get out of here and back into the room before Chris wakes up."

"What if she wakes up just as you walk in like that?"

"Shit, what the fuck can... fuck!" she exclaimed. She sounded mad. "What should we do?"

"I don't know," I replied, rubbing my head once more. "Let me think."

"Think! Fuck that!" she replied, hitting me with her fist. Elly put little force in her punch, though, suggesting that she was frustrated with the situation more than she was angry with me. "While you're at it, think about what happened last night. Between us. Because I can't remember."

"Neither can I," I replied. "All I remember is that we were drinking at that bar, we started playing games, and there was a lot of laughter and... and..."

"And..?" she said, pulling the duvet up to her neck before finally looking at me. It was the first time she was looking me in the eye, and I could see embarrassment in her eyes. Along with something else. "And what?"

"I... think you got drunk. I mean, WE got drunk," I said. "Including Chris."

"And then what happened?"

"I don't know. I don't remember much after that," I shook my head and let out a slight groan. Too much vigorous movement was a bad idea. "I think we... had to help you get back to the room. Chris had to... she had to puke I think. And you..."

"Yeah? What did I do?"

"You wanted to go to the toilet."

"So I came over to use the toilet."

I nodded. My head was clearing up a little. "No, you also wanted to take a shower. I think you said you didn't wanna go to sleep smelling like the bar, so you came over to shower."

"So..? What else happened last night?"

"I honestly don't know," I replied. "I think you asked me to wait for you in case... in case you fell down or something."

"Really? I did?" Elly looked a little surprised. "I can't believe I said that."

"Think you thought you were talking to Chris."

"And then? What happened next? Did I fall down in there?"

"No... I don't think so," I closed my eyes again. It seemed to be easier to think with my eyes shut... even though the light in the room was really dim. It was probably still quite early in the morning. "I don't recall..."

"You sure? So you didn't come in to look at me, you pervert?"

"No! I'm pretty sure I'd have remembered if I had to come in and help you shower."

"Fuck you," Elly whispered, but there was no rancor in her voice. "You'd have liked that, wouldn't you? Putting your hands all over me, rubbing soap over my boobs and pussy..."

"Fuck, Elly, stop that," I cut her off. "I'm not that kind of guy."

She giggled. "Yeah, I know that. We keep telling Joey what a precious find she has in you."

"Anyway, I don't remember looking at you showering. Heck, I don't even remember going into the bathroom, so I couldn't have..."

"Alright, I get it," she smiled. "So what next?"

"I think you came out. In a towel."

"Uh huh."

"But you were still drunk and... the towel dropped."

"Fuck me," she said, her voice sounded thin and a little strange. "You've... seen me? Naked? Fuck!"

"I... actually, I don't recall completely what you looked like naked, Elly," I said, trying to console her.

"How the fuck are we gonna... how do we look each other in the eye, now that you've... ooh!" she sounded frustrated once more.

"I... well, it's not like we planned for this to happen."

"So you don't remember what I look like naked?" Elly's eyes were dark once more, and I couldn't tell what it was she was feeling. Was it shame? Disappointment? Or... something else?

"No... I... actually, I think I remember..."

"Fucker. You lied. Just like a guy!"

"Let me finish. I remember thinking you had a nice body. But I can't really remember the specifics."

"Oh really?"

"Yeah. Really."

"So you think I have a nice body?"

"Well, yeah. It's nice."

"Well, don't you think I'm too skinny? My hips are too big and my breasts too small?"

"Elly, the truth is, I don't make those sorts of comparative judgments. Only women do that. Men just... admire."

"Really? But Joey is much more... womanly."

"Every woman is different, Elly. Speaking as a man, I can assure you that we can appreciate different body types and shapes for what they are, without putting any sort of value judgment on what's better or what's worse. A boob is a boob, big or small, after all."

"Fuck, you think so?" she replied, her hand suddenly seizing mine. Before I could do anything, she had pulled my hand up to her breast. It was soft and springy, not too big. Not the C-cup size I was used to on Joey, but it was definitely a breast. And her nipple was definitely hard. Damn. My erection grew even harder.

"Yeah, I do," I said, leaving my hand on her breast as her hand dropped away. I knew Elly had been through a reasonably lengthy dry spell with regards to boyfriends, so I thought I would assure her that she was still attractive to men. I lightly massaged her breast, palpating the soft flesh and feeling the hardened nipple scraping against my palm.

She sighed. "I don't remember this being done to me," she whispered. "So maybe you didn't..."

"Yeah, well, I don't remember it either," I said, lightly plucking at her nipple and then smoothing my hand out and reaching out to catch her other breast. She turned slightly towards me, to make it easier for me to reach it. "So maybe we didn't do this." 

"I'm sure I'd have remembered this," she breathed softly. I looked at her once more. In the dim light, I could see her eyes were half closed. She looked like she quite liked what I was doing to her.

After a while, her hand settled on my cock once more.

"What was I doing holding on to this, then?" she whispered as her fingers settled on the stem of my erection. One fingertip reached up and stroked the crown of my cockhead, making it jerk slightly at the sensation.

I shrugged. "I don't know," I said. "I was wondering about that myself when I woke up."

Other fingers joined the first one, caressing the tip of my cock. Elly smiled as she ran her fingers across the length and breadth of my erection. It felt as if she was exploring it with her hand. 

"I don't even remember what I was dreaming about when I was feeling this up," Elly giggled. "The first thought that entered my head was "what is this thing doing here?" when I woke up."

"You thought it was Chris?" I smiled. "You girls play with each other?"

"NO! Of course not," she sounded a little miffed. "I mean, we're not that way."

"Fine, sorry," I said. "I just wondered..."

"Well stop your wondering, my boy, because it won't happen," she murmured as her fingers grasped at my cockhead and pulled at it lightly. She seemed to enjoy playing with my erection a lot.

"I... umm... I don't remember you doing that," I said helpfully, trying to concentrate on what I was going to say next. The sensation of her fingers brushing softly on my twitching cock made it a tad difficult to think, to be honest. "If... if you had, I would've..."

"Remembered. Yeah, got that," she finished the sentence for me, paused, then, as if she'd made up her mind and decided to do something about it before she changed it, Elly suddenly turned and hauled herself up on top of me. Her left leg swept up and over me under the duvet, making enough space for her to slide over quickly, before I had any inkling of what she intended to do. All of a sudden, I felt her breasts press up against my chest... and lower down, her wiry pubic bush press against the bottom of my shaft. My cock was now trapped between our bodies, and I could feel how wet she was down there too. Deliciously wet.

"Do you remember this, then?" she said as she pressed her pussy up against my shaft. I felt her soft, wet flesh sliding against my cock, spreading across the width of it and shook my head.

"Nope. Doesn't ring a bell," I groaned. "I'd definitely remember this."

And I would have too. The sensation of her silky slit pressing my cock hard against my own belly was heavenly. As was the weight of her body on top of mine, the softness of her breasts on my chest, and the subtle floral yet musky fragrance of her skin and her breath as she put her face close to mine.

Elly's face was so close to mine I couldn't see the expression on her face. All I could hear and feel was her breath close to my ear... and her breasts moving rhythmically against me as she breathed. She said nothing for a while, and was so still I thought she might have fallen asleep on top of me.

But I was wrong, of course. It didn't take her too long to decide what she wanted to do next. I felt her slide down a little, then arch her back, bringing her wet parts to bear at the base of my cock. Then, she slowly arched her back more, drawing her pussy upwards while making sure the top of her slit was pressed up tight against my aching member.

I swear I could feel her vulva spreading apart as she stroked the length of my shaft with her pussy. It was a wet, silken sponge that washed my cock from base to tip, leaving me so wet I could feel liquid dripping down my balls.

"So... do you remember this then?" she sighed into my ear, nibbling at my earlobe and sliding the tip of her tongue in.

"Uhhh... I don't think..." My thoughts were fluttering like leaves in the wind. This was not the Elly I knew... the girl who didn't quite dress shabbily, but wasn't too much into wanton displays... or behavior. "Elly..?"

She cooed into my ear, dipping her tongue in again. "I... don't... either."

"So... we didn't... right?" I tried to steer the conversation into safer territory. Which wasn't easy to do, considering how her movements were creating a frenzy of sensations in my groin. It felt like I would explode soon, if she didn't stop what she was doing.

She beat me to it. Her only response to my question was to hunker down and bury her head in my chest, before shivering like she was terribly cold. I knew in an instant what had happened, and hugged her tightly while her body trembled uncontrollably. 

"Oooooooooooooooooooohhhh..." she moaned into my chest, and I kind of guessed she would have screamed out loud if Chris wasn't in the next room. She quivered several more times, then went limp. She was still lying on top of me, her chin back at my shoulder, as she tried to catch her breath. I listened to Elly's breaths whooshing past my ear, and waited till she seemed calmer before speaking.

"Umm... Elly?" I whispered in her ear. "Do you feel that..?"

She nodded. What had happened was that as she had collapsed onto me after her little orgasm, my trapped cock had sprung free... and slid up her slippery slit to lodge at the opening to her vagina. I hadn't actually cottoned on to it at first, because I was too focused on holding her while she came, but as her quivering lessened, I realized that the head of my cock was snagged in a very comfortable, and wet, place. It didn't feel like my erection was pressing against the duvet at all... so it must have slid into her. Well, into just the entrance, anyway.

"Does that... feel familiar?" I teased. This was getting out of hand, but it was also getting really hot.

Elly shook her head. It seemed she was still unable to speak. But she was able to move though. Before I knew it, I felt the head of my cock delving deeper into her hot, liquid hole. It felt like I was dipping my prick into a tight, velvet glove. "Hhhhey..." I moaned when I realized what had happened. She had pushed herself down on my cock, pressing it deeper into her vagina.

"Hey... so do you remember this?" she murmured in my ear as she nibbled at the lobe.

"Fuck, no," I groaned softly. "This... I wouldn't forget."

"Me neither." Although I couldn't see her face, I could tell she was smiling.

"That's... you're tight!" I whispered into her ear. "It feels... heavenly inside."

"Really? H... how huhhh... heavenly?" she teased, pressing down even more. 

I felt her flesh part before my cock, her fluids spilling out onto my body as my cock probed ever deeper into her. "Too heavenly," I said, and I wasn't being facetious... she was really tight and slippery in there.

"I'm... sure we didn't... fuck... last night," she groaned as she pressed my cock inwards even more. "I... don't think... I'd not... remember... this fat old thing!"

"Yeah, well," I said, managing to catch my breath. "You weren't on top."

And I quickly turned her over so that she was on her back, all the while keeping my cock ensconced within her. Elly stifled a laugh, then cooed as she realized this position gave me a better angle to drive my cock into her.

"Oooh... fuck! This is... No, I would've... God, that's big..." she moaned as my erection probed further into her depths. "I would've... remembered..."

"No... shit," I said through gritted teeth. "How about this then?"

I quickly reached down and raised her right leg with my left hand, cocking her hips and opening her up even more... so I could drill even deeper.

"Oooooooooo... fuck... oooooooh!" she was surprised but quickly overtaken by the sensations in her groin. Her eyes were wide open, her lips pursed as she reached out and kissed me hard on the lips. Her tongue searched my mouth aggressively and I returned the favor. Her legs spread wide, then clamped themselves around my waist, drawing me as deeply into her as I could go. Elly grunted as my erection hit the end of her vagina.

"I don't... think we... fucked... last night," she panted as I left my cock embedded deep inside her. I could feel her heartbeat through the walls of her vagina, and was savoring the feeling. It was almost as if her vagina was a perfect fit for my cock. "Because... be... I wouldn't... it wouldn't... god, it's so deep..."

"Yeah, I think so too," I whispered in her ear. "You're so tight, I'd remember it."

"Fuck, yeah," she moaned some more. "I'm certain I'd remember your cock inside me. Oh god."

"Well, that settles it then. Nothing happened last night," I said, slowly drawing my cock out from her squelching sheath. I think at that point I was considering just taking it out and doing nothing else. I think it went as far as it did because I'm a guy, and guys generally go with what their cocks tell them... especially when the argument is being made in a very hot, very wet and very tight spot. But as we talked about what didn't happen last night, I felt guilty -- towards Joey as well as Elly -- and thought I ought to withdraw before the situation escalated further.

"What do you think you're doing?" her response was immediate and fierce. Her legs drew me back in again, deep into the enticing heat of her sex.
