 I woke up with a pair of lips wrapped around my cock. Half asleep, I groaned as a tongue swirled around my head. My cock swelled and throbbed from the hand wrapped around it. I felt, more than heard, the aroused sounds and small moans my mystery lover was making around my cock. I reached down, running my fingers through long hair, feeling their head bob up and down.

I opened my eyes to peek and jolted wide awake when I realized who it was. My bedroom door was slightly open and in the light from the hallway I could see my roommate's girlfriend kneeling next to me on the bed. She was wearing the silver dress she wore to go clubbing. It was low-cut and gave me a clear view of her breasts hanging free, unconstrained by a bra.

In shock, I gripped her hair tightly, almost enough to hurt her, but she responded by moaning in pleasure and pushing me deeper into her throat. That put a stop to any thoughts I might have had about telling her to stop. I gasped and kept a tight grip on her hair as she slowly slid my cock all the way out of her mouth, and then sucked just the tip back in.

I couldn't believe this was happening. She was gorgeous but had never shown any interest in me at all. Whenever she came over, she was polite, but always disappeared into my roommate's room. Inevitably, within 10 minutes of the door closing, I could hear them having sex.

She was a screamer. And a groaner. And a barker. Honestly, I would be impressed at the range of sounds she made during sex if it wasn't so annoying to constantly hear through the wall. I knew she liked it from behind, and that she loved to be spanked. Honestly, I knew way too much about her.

She also had a tendency to show up late at night for a quickie. She was always gone by the morning, but since my room is right next to the front door, I can hear her come in. I hear her fumbling with keys, then the door open, and then a few minutes later my roommate's bed banging against the wall.

I'd be lying if I said I hadn't fantasized about her. I was single and hadn't really had any action for an embarrassingly long time. When she came over in a tight shirt, with her nipples poking out, I found it hard not to stare. When she wore yoga pants and bent over to pick something up, I looked at her panty lines (or lack of) and imagined what she was wearing under.

And of course, I thought about fucking her when I lay in my bed listening to her shrill cries and moans as they had sex. I'm not proud of it, but more than once I'd gotten out some lotion and tissues and rubbed one out to the sound of her getting fucked.

Now she was going down on me. I had to assume this was a case of mistaken identity... but how drunk did she have to be to come into my room instead of his? Well, I wasn't going to look a gift blowjob in the mouth.

She began rubbing her hand up and down the length of me and working her tongue around the most sensitive part of my head. I grabbed her leg and pulled, helping her pivot around so I could reach between her thighs and up her dress. My hand brushed over her panties, thin mesh and already damp. Eagerly, I pulled them to one side and pushed a finger deep into her wet pussy. She arched her back and started stroking my cock more urgently.

The heat of her mouth surrounded my cock. The room was filled with lewd slurping sounds. I slid another finger into her pussy, and she rocked back slightly, pushing me deeper into her.

I began to thrust my fingers in and out, matching her pace. I pushed into her up to the knuckle just as she slid me into her throat. I pulled them almost all the way out as she slipped her lips back up, squeezing the base of my shaft as she did.

After a minute, I worked up the nerve to grab her knee and pull it toward me. She took the hint, and a moment later she had straddled my head, thighs pressed against my ears, and I was looking up at her pussy. Her panties were tugged to one side, and her lips were puffy and slick with her juices.

I reached my hands around to grab her ass and lifted my head, running my tongue between her lips and pushing inside. Her creamy taste covered my tongue and flooded my senses. As I pushed inside her, she continued swirling and sucking on me, a feedback loop of lust and pleasure.

I licked down and circled her clit several times, and delighted in the sounds she made when I did. Then I licked back up and pushed urgently inside her. When I did this, she suddenly spread her legs further, pressing my head back into the mattress and mashing her pussy against my face.

I could barely breathe. I opened my mouth wide, pulling her lips inside and flicking my tongue around her clit before thrusting inside her again. She began to grind her hips, rubbing her clit on my chin and trying to push my tongue deeper inside. I held on with both hands, squeezing her ass tight and savoring the gush of fluid that filled my mouth.

After a moment, she relaxed a bit, and lifted her pussy away from my mouth, deliberately breaking contact so she could focus on me. I closed my eyes and gasped as she renewed her attention on my cock. I felt full to bursting, with her lips wrapped around the base of my shaft, my head pushing deeper into her throat. I began lifting my hips and thrusting forward. She moaned and grunted in time with my thrusts. She didn't pull back, allowing me to fuck her mouth.

After just a few seconds of this, my breathing was ragged. Sensing I was getting close, she picked up the pace, and so did I. 

"Oh god," I whispered, "I'm cumming!" Then it was all I could do to hold onto her, squeezing her ass as my cock started twitching and pumping cum into her mouth. She moaned happily and continued to rub and lick, allowing my cum to run out of her mouth and over her fingers.

As soon as I finished, before I could catch my breath, she let go of my cock with a lewd slurp and climbed off me. I watched her drunkenly weave out of my bedroom. A moment later, I heard our front door open and close, and she was gone.

I lay there, heart pounding, and wondered if I should tell my roommate that his girlfriend had come into the wrong room... or just hope that it happened again.