 It's Saturday night, and we'd already been discussing what we were going to get into for the evening. Would it be a club, dinner at a romantic restaurant, or a night in. After much discussion and current mood, it would be a combination of them all. I went into my closet to find the perfect sexy dress, asked my man which he'd like to see me in. Of course, he picks this sexy red, fitted, cold shoulder dress with the plunging neckline, low enough to showcase my cleavage. This dress hugs my body just right, and he loves it. To top off the dress, I opt for the sky high strappy sandals, showing my freshly manicured toes. My baby isn't too shabby himself and turns my head as usual with his slacks and dress shirt. There's nothing like a well-dressed, good smelling man. That turns me on already. As we are standing in our huge closet to head out, he walks up behind me and bends me over and spreads my legs wide and says he needs an appetizer beforehand. My pussy lips are exposed as he raises up my dress, he already knows I'm not wearing panties. He gets on his knees to devour my yoni, slipping and slurping, tasting all my wetness that ensues. I had to cum just one time before we left, then we straighten up to get out the door before this becomes an at home party.

We set out for our dinner reservation at our favorite spot that has our special booth, semi private and low lighting. There's a reason why we love this set up. We always sit side by side, that's just how we roll. After we place our order and the waiter scurries off, we sneak a kiss with some tongue action, as my hand strokes his thigh, I can already feel the bulge forming in my boo's pants and my pussy is also getting wet all over again. It's always instant in both our cases when we start to kiss. He sneaks and places his hands inside my dress to caress my breasts and play with my erect nipples that are peaking through my dress. I see the waiter coming towards our table to check on us and sees what is happening and goes back in the opposite direction. He's used to our behavior, being regular patrons who always asks for him, and knows to leave us alone right now. After that passionate kiss, I raise my leg over his to allow him access to my wetness, to give me some finger action. I love when he inserts 2 fingers inside me and strokes my spot, but not enough this time to drive me wild at the dinner table. I feel his hard dick and can't wait to get it inside me later.

After dinner, we set out for the 30+ club to let loose, I felt like dancing to unwind from the stresses of the week. The DJ was playing all my favorite old school jams, so I was all hype from these R&B jams. Then he slowed the tunes down at times so we could slow grind. That dick is hard again, and I feel it pressed up against me as we dance closely. One of our favorite songs comes on, and we both sing along, kissing in between some lyrics, he grabs my ass to show everyone that I am his, and I love every bit of it. I see some of the single women looking on, and who could blame them. They wish that had what I'm fortunate enough to have, a good looking, successful, smart, old school, gentleman.

We are having a great evening on the dancefloor, engaging with some other club goers, and I see this one sister has been eyeballing us all night. My man is fine, and I get this all the time. I don't mind. I've seen her before, but maybe she was feeling froggy and felt like jumping tonight. I was already in a certain kind of mood, feeling freaky as ever, and I was up for something kinky to get into anyway. I don't even have to ask my man if he's down, he always is, nothing is off limits. No fantasy is too bold or outrageous. I told him that I'd been noticing her checking us out and pointed her out to him. He immediately gave me the look, that yes, go talk to her and see what's up. He goes to sit at our VIP table while I approach her. No shame in me, and I make small talk, ask her name, was she alone, then get to the point and ask if she liked what she saw in my man and me, as we are a package deal, and if she'd like to hang with us outside of the club for a while. She instantly smiled, we chatted it up for a few more minutes, and made it known that she'd seen us here before and that she would absolutely love an evening with us both. We all grab our shit and told her to follow us. We have a connection at a luxury hotel and check in for the night. 

Upon entering the room, we order up room service, get some food and drinks. We talk for a bit to get a little more comfortable and discuss the parameters for our playdate. Turns out she's just as freaky as we are, so there aren't many limitations to what could go down. We established the safe word as red. Now that the rules are in place, I'm feeling really excited about what is to come. Before I know it, I lean over and kiss her, no need to wait. She was very attractive, had a beautiful smile, which would have to be the case because that is important to both of us. I was curious to kiss a woman and see the look on my man's face, as I knew he would love it and turn him on instantly. She really got into it and thrust her tongue in my mouth, sucked my tongue, and I give it back to her. Tasty lips. My pussy is getting wetter and wetter by the second. I slide my fingers inside my juices, stir inside my wetness, and put one in her mouth so she could get a little taste of this dark chocolate pussy. I look over to see my man walk over to the chair and his dick was hard as a rock, I could see it hanging low in his khaki pants.

After being in the club and dancing, I suggest to our guest that she join me in the shower. I take off her dress, throw it on the floor. I remove her bra, exposing her DD breasts, there was a reason for which I had already been checking out before. Next, I slide her panties off, showing her newly waxed, bald pussy. She follows my lead and does the same and takes off my dress. Nothing more to take off because I'd gone without a bra and panties. I was as naked as the day I was born. We walk into the bathroom, leaving the door open, so he could see us wash our bodies and explore each other a little better before things really got heavy. She tells me she loves to eat pussy and can't wait to taste all of me. Oh really now, I'm thinking. I like that. No need to be shy, tell us what you want, what you like, we like that shit. 

That's how we are with each other and like people who are the same way. I call my honey into the bathroom to join us, and we watch him undress. I can't wait until her eyes see this monstrous, thick dick he has. He steps in the huge shower; the snake was loose and bouncing all around. I notice that little smirk of hers as she looks down at it. I love this huge shower, it's big enough for us three, the warm water from the rain shower head falls over us all. He steps up behind me, nibbles on my ear and neck. She comes closer, sandwiching me, and kisses me again and makes me slightly spread my legs and starts fingering me. I can tell he senses what she's doing, and here goes that erection again pressing into my ass. This is a major turn on for all of us, and by this time, we are all ready to get the hell out of this shower and head back into the room.

We all pat dry, leaving our skin dampened and glowing from the shower and head for the bedroom. I turn on some sexy music to help with the mood, but we probably won't be paying too much attention to it later. My honey heads back to the chair for a bit because he wants to watch some female on female action. How did I guess that would be what he wants to see? Since she told me she loves to eat pussy, I told her to get to it and show me her skills, I was already horny as hell and needed some lips downtown ASAP. Oral sex is my favorite foreplay. As I lay back, she spreads me wide and just gazes at my big ass pussy. That was expected, as my shit is a little different, and I laughed to myself (inside joke). My body is awaiting what is about to happen, and I'm squirming with anticipation. I demand that she eat me now. I feel the first touch of her tongue on my pussy lip and she licks it slowly.

Oh my goodness, immediate satisfaction, my back arches. She licks the other lip, and then starts to suck a little. I can tell she likes to eat pussy, as she takes her time with it. She licks and sucks like she's eating an ice cream cone, and this shit is feeling nice. I yell out my favorite fuck phrase, "oh shit!" repeatedly, trying to contain my pleasure. My legs start to shake and I'm trying not to come yet, I want her to keep going. I do look over and see him stroking his dick and telling her what I like. She takes heed, sucks my little pink nub and sticks two fingers inside my pussy, then three, and finger fucks me. Hits my G spot just like he does. That drives me absolutely crazy, I can't hold it any longer and nut all over her face. Pussy juice is all over her lips, and she tells me how good I taste. Can't help but tell her how satisfied I was with that experience, and she jokes that I didn't need to say that. My body did all the talking and the wetness on her lips said it all. That experience was every bit as sexy, erotic, and pleasurable as I thought it would be.

It takes me a second to regain my composure, but I was ready to have my turn. She's propped up against the headboard, and I'm just thinking how I can't wait to play with those DDs. My man and I were just discussing what he loves about sucking my breasts, playing with my nipples, and tasting my milk. I'd said that I need to experience that for myself and experience what satisfaction it brings him. I'm about to see what I can do with these big beautiful breasts with those large, dark areolas. I take each one in my mouth, squeeze them gently, flick her nipples, and she moans with pleasure. I'm doing something right, she grabs my head and tells me to suck harder. She seems to like her breasts sucked, just like I do, and I see her pussy getting wetter. I slide my fingers inside her, while I'm still sucking, and stroke her kitty. My lady guest is enjoying this and she starts bucking as I stroke her a little faster and suck her breast harder, at her request.

Even though I know my man is enjoying the view, I'm feeling guilty and want him to join in and call him over. I don't even have to say anything, he gets to me and starts eating my pussy, while she starts sucking my breasts. She moves upwards and starts kissing my neck, then we kiss again, she likes tonguing me I see. She kisses me so sensually, one of those slow, deep kisses. While my man is still playing down low, I tell her to sit on my face, so I can do the same to her. Every motion he makes on my pussy is the same that I give her. She starts gyrating, knees get weak, and I know she is enjoying my tongue action. I was pleased with my skills, as oral loving on another female isn't usually my thing, but tonight I was feeling it and wanted a taste. I suck the hell out of my man's dick, but when it comes to pussy, I am a newbie, but I'm always up for a challenge.

I always keep a vibrator in my overnight bag I keep in the car, and tell her where to find it. I'm willing to share that, and she's going to have to play with it, while I get some real dick. I need to be stroked, feel my man's dick inside me, I couldn't take it anymore. My baby slides inside my wetness, nice and slow. He's so large, shit gets intense, but I like to feel every single inch going inside me, filling me all the way up. She looks on, stroking her pussy with my purple, thick, 12" rabbit and is pleasuring herself, pulling at her breasts, licking her lips. I'm sure she's thinking she's next. She turns the rabbit full speed and cums within minutes. As I'm laying back, taking the dick, I see that she can squirt! Now that intrigues me as I have not experienced that yet, but I turn back to gaze at my man as he is working his magic stick, fast, then slow it down because he doesn't want to get too excited and cum too quick. He is not the 5-minute man at all. When we make love, we can go for a long ass time. 

He pulls out, strokes his dick to keep it hard and makes me and our guest turn and kiss again. He is eating that shit up. I take it down lower and plant little kisses on her neck, travel down to her breasts and feast on them again. As he readies for more pussy, I allow something I don't like to share at all and let her sample his dick. I know she wanted to experience it. Hell, I don't blame her. Since we are having such a good time, why not this time. No jealousy at all because I know he's mine all the time, she can experience such pleasure for a few moments. When he slides in, she lets out the loudest moan. I can tell she'd never had a dick that big before and was well pleased. I massage her breasts and kiss her in between the sex sounds she makes while she's taking in all that dick. After a few hard, fast thrusts, she cums. She is shaking, and I know I see her toes pointed straight the fuck out. I know the feeling! 

By this time, it was about 4 in the morning, and it had been a long night. Once she experienced those long strokes, she tastes my pussy for one last time, still licking me like a chocolate cone of ice cream. As she moves back up to the head of the bed, she lays back and plays with herself as my man gives it to me again, this time he is ready to explode, as am I. I've been holding on to the biggest orgasm of the night, saving it for him. It takes several strokes, I can feel his balls tightening and readying for release as I am feeling my orgasm and yell for him to cum, give me all that nut. I don't forget about her and tell her to stroke her pussy faster so we can all cum in unison. I hear her O sound, and just like that, I feel the warmth of his juices mixing with mine; as we lay there, not really moving, I feel his erection leave me.

When we could all move again, there was a short conversation about what had just transpired and how much it was enjoyed. She couldn't believe that I wasn't experienced in giving women oral. As I figured, my man had the biggest dick she'd ever taken. She got dressed and was ready to head out. My man and I said we may see you around, but there was an understanding that if you see us again, that isn't a license to happen all the time, but it's possible.