 This story is obviously of a fictional nature. It is not suitable for anybody under the age of 18. I hope you enjoy it. Feel free to email me with any thoughts or comments that you may have on this piece.

A couple of years ago I wrote three stories about an assistant WWE writer having sex with three different WWE women: Trish Stratus, Debra and Melina. I stopped the series to do other things, but I've since re-ignited my interest in the series, so here's the first story back featuring the same main character in a similar type of situation. I hope to continue this series going forward as it has a lot of legs to it and I think it's something that I can work on going forward. 

*

In 2005 I, John Shavian, was a 26 year old former model turned writer that was employed exclusively by World Wrestling Entertainment. In early 2006, the day before WrestleMania, I moved back out to Hollywood to work in the film industry as part of the 20th Century Fox team. Things went well for me out there, but I wasn't happy after a year of being out there. My heart was in WWE and I soon did what I could to get out of my contract so that I could return to work for WWE. In June 2007, after a brief negotiation, I returned to work for the company. When I was with WWE I had sex with some of the divas, but it was mostly Trish Stratus and Melina as well as some models that we would interview from time to time. Because Trish and Melina had asked me to, I didn't really involve myself with the other women in the company because I knew it would lead to friction in the locker room. My rep among the other girls was good, but I could tell too that some of them were mad that I was fucking Trish and Melina and not them. Due to that past, I felt a bit uncomfortable about coming back although I truly felt things would work themselves out. This is the story of what happened when I first came back. 

------------------

Wednesday June 20, 2007 at WWE Headquarters in Stamford, Connecticut

It was my first official day back on the WWE payroll as I sat in Stephanie McMahon's office towards the end of the work day. I still didn't know my official working title with the company or what responsibilities I had, but I had enough to do that day to keep me busy. I was sitting in her office along with two of her other assistants, both females, who I didn't know. 

Stephanie addressed the three of us in the room giving us a general idea of our jobs. One of the women would work with Steph on live events, the other would work with her in talent relations and I would have a dual role. I would sit it on creative meetings and contribute to storyline ideas as it pertained to the women of the company. More importantly, she stressed, I would work directly with all the women in the company to make sure they were as happy as possible. I was to be the direct liaison between the women and Stephanie. I told her I was more than willing to do that job. When I worked with her before, she was the one that initiated a lot of my sexual relationships with the divas in the company. I knew that I'd be in for much of the same and I had no problem with that. 

After the other two assistants exited the room, Stephanie handed me the key to my new office. It was about five doors down the hall from her office on the 8th floor. She told me that after I checked out the office I needed to head down to the 4th floor to meet up with the next WWE Women's Champion, Candice Michelle, who was doing a photo shoot. On the weekend, Candice would beat Melina for the Women's title at the Great American Bash PPV. I paused for a second or two.

"What's the matter?" Stephanie asked. "You two have some kind of issue?"

"No, I mean, maybe." I tried to explain. "Like a week before I left last year she wanted me to spend the night with her, but I was with Trish that night..."

"You were with Trish a lot of nights, if I recall," Stephanie smirked.

"Yeah, well, Candice didn't take too kindly to that and the last time I saw her was that night when she told me off. So I really don't know where things stand with her, to be perfectly honest."

"Well John, Trish isn't here anymore, so there's a different vibe among the women in the company." She looked stern as she spoke some more. "She's flying out in the morning, so you need to make sure your relationship with her is good before she loves. You wanted to work for us again and I've given you that opportunity, so do your job."

"I understand." I told her as I was about to leave the room.

"Like we agreed to last year, I don't care who you fuck or how often as long as those girls are happy. What, or in your case who, you do in your personal life is your own business, but do not let it negatively affect your job. Are we clear?" 

"Yes, I won't let you down."

"Good, now get down there and meet Candice at the photo shoot. My secretary down there has an itinerary for you tomorrow. Take her out for dinner tonight, smooth things over and we'll talk tomorrow okay?" 

I walked out of the room, looking down at my key and pondered the situation. I had no idea if Candice was still mad at me or if she even knew I was the one that would be accompanying her at her functions the next day. I certainly felt like I was being thrown into the fire on my first day back and I knew it was being done by Stephanie as a test of some sort. 

---------------

I headed down to the 4th floor where the company had its production studio. They did some of the women's photoshoots there. I found my way to where Candice was. She was doing provocative poses in lingerie with the women's title all over her for photos that would be released after she wins the belt. I stood in the background behind the photographer when she noticed me. She gave me a big smile and I gave her one back.

"Guys, can we call it a day?" She asked. The photographer and his assistants nodded at her saying that it was fine. "Good, because I've got some business to attend to." She got up, put a robe on to cover her bra and panties and headed over to me.

I met her in a corner of the room where we could talk privately.

"I should have known it was you," she said to me with a sly grin. 

I fired back, "Good to see you again, Candice."

"Steph told me her new assistant would be coming to pick me up and she said I'd recognize him." 

"Is that a bad thing?" I asked her. 

"I really wanted you last year, but you picked Trish over me that night in Houston and then you left before we could really make up." She seemed discouraged, I could tell from the look on her face.

"I'm sorry if you were hurt by that," I tried to explain. "It's just that Trish and I had something special planned that night and if I upset her it could have cost me my job because at that time she was still the top woman in the company."

"Just like I am now," she grinned while slapping the women's title that was on her shoulder. 

"Congratulations on that, by the way." I complimented her. "I've been really impressed by your work in the ring."

"Really?" She said while pressing her body against mine so that her chest was up against mine. "Think I'm better than that slut Melina?"

I had no idea where she was going with that although I'm sure she knew I had sex with Melina a lot, so I sensed a lot of jealousy there. "The way I see it," I tried to take my time delivering the right kind of response, "is that come Sunday night you've got that belt and she doesn't, so I think that says a lot." 

"Tell you what John," she said seductively while running her finger across my chest, "I'm better than Trish, Melina and all the rest in other ways too. Now, I'm still a bit upset about what happened last year, but I'm willing to forgive and forget...if you let me show you just how great I am." We both smiled. She grabbed me by the hand as we exited the room.

We walked down the hall a bit where her name was on a door. It must have been her dressing room for the shoot. We shared a long, passionate kiss up against the door. I took off her robe while she unbuttoned my shirt. We quickly got inside the room, then I pressed her up against the door and kissed her again. I hadn't wanted to fuck a woman this much in such a long time. By the look on her face after we kissed, I could tell she felt the same about me. She locked the door behind her. I tossed my shirt to the ground and then I undid my belt. Before I could pull my pants off, she approached me again, rubbing my cock by pressing her hands against my pants. I kissed her on the neck, then on the shoulders and on the chest as well while slipping her bra off. I massaged her tits while she continued to rub my cock. 

She took a step back, then bent down in front of me with her gorgeous ass right there. I put my hands on either side of her hips, then yanked off her panties quickly leaving her fully nude. I pulled off my pants and tossed them to the side while she rid me of my boxers. She walked over to me, looking down at my dick, now fully exposed. She rubbed it. "Mmmm," she said while rubbing my cock, "Melina was right. You are VERY big." I cupped her right tit with my hand and she made out with me for about twenty seconds. Really deep kiss. "And a great kisser." We kissed some more, our tongues thrashing in our mouths and our hands all over one another. I picked her up in my arms, then took her over to the couch that was in the room. I rubbed her pussy a bit and gently lay her down there with her legs spread apart. 

"Oooh, Melina told me about your magic tongue," she said while I dipped my head down and licked her pussy. "But...." she was panting, "she never told me it was this good!" I stuck my tongue deep inside her, feeling how wet she was on the inside of her clit as well as on the outside. I placed my hands on her ass, pushing it up so that I could get deeper inside of her pussy. Her pussy was shaved so that there was no hair at all. It was smooth as any I'd ever seen. I loved it.

And so did she. "Oh fuck! Fuck! Fuckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk!"

I kept going at her clit with my tongue, using my finger to open it up even more and tasting her as much as I possibly could.

"Oh Goddddddddddddddddd! FUCK YEAH! Taste how sweet myyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy...fucking-ing...pussy tastessssssssssssssssss!"

I continued to eat her out, up and down her clit with my tongue at a really fast pace. She was moaning so damn much. 

"I like that a lot, but know what I would like more?" She moaned all that out while I was eating her out. I stopped to listen to her. "Fuck me with that big juicy cock of yours."

My cock was throbbing, itching to get inside of her, so I was more than happy to oblige.

"You think you can handle it the way that Melina does, huh?" I taunted her as my way of motivating her.

She smiled at me as I lay on my back with her on top of me. She stroked on my cock with her hand, then looked at me and said: "When I'm done with you, you won't even remember the bitch's name!" She hovered over me with her pussy just inches away from my cock before pressing down right on to my erect member. I thrusted my hips forward, jamming my cock right into her wet pussy as if it was some animal that found its way home. It felt so nice to be inside of her. She leaned forward while I tilted my head up and we kissed while I fucked her pussy hard. 

"Fuck me harder than you fucked any of them!" She demanded as she continued to ride me. Up and down my shaft she went at an extremely fast pace.

"Is that the best you can give me?" Again, I tried to motivate her although the sly grin on my face let her know I liked it a lot. 

"You fucking asshooooooooooole," she panted, "you'll neverrrrrr have it bettterrrrrrrrrrrr than thissssssssssssss!"

I couldn't argue with that, especially when she leaned down and I rubbed her tits while I continued to fuck her real hard. She bounced up and down my cock like a yo-yo, moaning all the while. I kept pulling her upper body close to me so I could feel her tits. They were the perfect size and shape. She slowly got off of my throbbing cock, then she laid on top of me and we kissed some more. She got off of me, then sat between my open legs. She began to stroke my cock, which was as big as it had ever been. 

"You want to fuck my tits, don't you?" She asked while obviously knowing the answer would be yes.

"They sure look like they want to get fucked," I told her while she continued to stroke my cock. 

"Give it to me, Johnny, show me what you got!" 

She leaned in close to me, pressing her tits up against the shaft of my cock. I had my hand on it, rubbing it against her nipples to get them hard. "That's like your magic wand," she smirked at me. 

I stuck it right between her massive 36DD tits, ramming it up and down so that it was grazing the bottom of her chin. She was cupping her tits, smothering my cock and feeling my shaft up on her chest. "Oh God, that feels so nice!" While she talked I urged her to rub her tits up and down on my cock to get me even harder and it worked. I swear it felt as good as any fuck I'd ever been a part of. She knew how to work every inch of my cock. 

She grabbed me by the hand, standing me up on my feet. She was on her knees in front of me, stroking my cock with her right hand and massaging my balls with her left. I felt ready to explode, but I did my best to keep it in. "Now that you've had your fun," she smiled while looking up at me, "let me have mine." 

With her hand firmly on my dick, she stuck it deep into her pretty mouth as I felt it reach the back of her mouth. She used her tongue perfectly, licking my shaft up and down, flicking it against the top of my dick and bobbing her head up and down right on it. I could tell she was very capable at backing up her words. I put my hands on the back of her head, moving her hair out of the way and giving her room to go down on me even more. In and out, side to side, she did it every way possible. 

"Oh yeah baby, suck that cock nice and slow, you know you want it." I petted her head like a kitten while giving her words of encouragement. 

"Let me taste you, baby," she said to me while looking up. I knew what that meant. I thrusted my hips towards her even more while she went up and down the shaft of my cock even more. Finally, I unleashed a shot of cum right into her mouth and she took it all in. She swallowed it all down. I was very impressed.

"Mmmm, Candice, you really backed up your words. Very impressive," I told her while rubbing my finger along her cheek. 

She smiled at me as she lay her head on my chest. "Just remember, John, this is the first of many. It's only going to get better from here."

"I like the sound of that," I winked at her. 

"Oh and John, just so you know, I have absolutely no problem with you getting involved with the other girls in the company."

"Really?" I asked her because I was kind of surprised.

"The more the merrier. I'm not like Trish or that bitch Melina. I don't get jealous. I figure the more you're with them, the more you'll appreciate just how talented I am." She had a big smile on her face. I admired her confidence a great deal. 

"Well then, I can understand that. Hope the other girls can too."

"Oh they will, I'll talk to them. And believe me, I'll only have nice things to say about you." As she said that, she stroked my cock slowly.

We both had grins on our face and I especially was glad that we were able to salvage this relationship.

--------

What's next for the WWE Writer? What diva will it be? The next installment should be soon. In the meantime, please email me with any comments or questions you may have. Thanks for reading!