 It was as if she didn't exist. Suzanne bought the new X Box 360 for Bill, her boyfriend of two years and he spent more time with video game characters than with her. She hardly was able to feel his member anywhere near her because by the time he finished playing, she was already asleep. It was at the point where her vibrator knew her more intimately than he did. 

She was ready to throw the whole setup away when she saw the box on the floor. It was a picture of the new role playing game he was working on. As she looked at it in wonder, she saw the picture on the back of the heroine. She was drawn of course as every guy's dream girl with big firm breasts and red silky lips. She also wore a red strapless outfit that clung to her body like saran wrap. It clung close enough to show the outline of her erect nipples and the small curves around her stomach and thighs. Staring at this picture began to drive Suzanne crazy with lust and desire. It was also giving her some sensual ideas at the same time. 

Bill finally came home after all the endless meetings and client he dealt with. He was surprised to see the lights turned out and candles lit. The scent of flowers and lilacs in the air smelled different. As he walked towards the bathroom, he saw her. The role playing heroine was looking at herself in the mirror. Red strapless leotard clung to her body. Her ass was tightly squeezed together. Her red hair up in a ponytail as his fantasies have revealed itself to him. It only took a moment for him to pinch himself to be sure this wasn't some mirage, some illusion to curse him for playing his games so much. She was in front of him in the flesh. 

Quickly and quietly, he crept into the room before she turned and forced him against the wall, her arms pressed against him as she wickedly smiled at him. Her lips painted demonic red as she kissed him full on the lips, her tongue parting his lips as she began to explore what she had yet to taste in so long. Her body wanted to melt in his, to feel his warmth and hers converge. Yet, she knew she had to keep up the charade to win him back. Quickly, she grabbed his wrists and pulled him, swinging him around until his back was to the bed before she pushed him down. He lay there panting, wondering what was happening when she began to crawl over him, slowly, deliberately. She kissed on his lips again as his breathing became more shallow. As she undid the buttons on his shirt, he began to moan softly. Her touch was silky against his skin as she started to lightly touch his nipples, his chest hairs. Her touch became softer as she lightly rubbed him down towards the waistband of his jeans. Her touch was as a pianists fingers as in a flash his pants were undone and his member sat as a stone pillar in the candle's glow. She touched it once softly, his moans becoming more pronounced, less understandable. She lightly kissed the end of his cock as her tongue playfully licked the hole lightly. His member began to spasm a little before she slowly ran her pierced tongue down the underside to his testicles, leaving a slight trail of saliva on the way down. Her tongue then started to dance around the sensitive skin, sucking briefly on each ball in turn as she kept taunting him, teasing him. 

He started moaning louder as her tongue trailed back up to the tip, blowing on the end gently. Watching it twitch once or twice, she then led her tongue down again as the swollen member slowly entered her waiting mouth. The first suck was sweet to her, almost virginal in thought and deed as her head bobbed slowly up and down, her tongue grazing the underside as he began to moan louder and louder. In a few moment's time, he felt his cock pulse as he shouted a warning of his impending climax. Rather than swallow, as was her former custom, she began to stroke with both hands as the cups of her outfit let free her breasts. Her nipples were erect and firm as she kept pulling on him, as if begging for him to climax all over her awaiting breasts. A moment or two later, white streaks of light fell onto them as he came hard. She took his now spent cock into her mouth again to suck the leftover traces of his seed before standing over him. 

She was in control now as she began to slip off her red tight second skin. Her breasts fully exposed as she started to straddle his lips with her legs. A quick lick from his mouth revealed a surprising revelation. Suzanne shaved her lips for him. He began to lick enthusiastically, his mustached lips ticked her vaginal hood as his tongue found her clit, hard and ready for teasing. He pulled her towards him, burying his tongue deep inside as she began to moan. Releasing the pent up feelings inside as her vaginal dam burst on his lips and tongue. Her climax was an explosion as she collapsed on the bed next to him, whispering his name as he smiled at her. The rest of the night was spent with each other as they spent hours holding , screwing until exhausted. They fell asleep in each other's arms.

Suzanne woke up the next morning to a few kisses as her pussy was aching from the previous night's exploits. Bill was there smiling as he asked what she was thinking. Suzanne answered with a deep kiss as she grabbed his cock and began to pull for a rematch. Bill thought to himself some ideas how to cover for his tardiness at work as her mouth began to suck him again.