 It hadn't been a good year. Here it was, an hour to midnight on Christmas eve and I wasn't feeling that I had a lot to be thankful for or to look forward to. At fifty years of age I found myself wandering city streets almost aimlessly.

The previous year my wife had passed away, I was struggling to make the basic sales quotas in my job and I was carrying more debt than I could realistically afford. So here I was far from home on December twenty-fourth, feeling dragged out after a long fruitless day of dead-end sales calls and wondering what the hell had happened to my life. Not a pretty picture I know.

I stared up at the big steel bridge spanning the river high above me and it was only at that moment that I realized that I was down near the warehouses in the area of the docks. Probably not the safest place to be in the middle of the night but it was deserted. A light snow was falling and drawing a thin sheet of white over the harsher sides of the city. A light caught my eye.

Across from a dingy all-night coin laundry, I noticed a window with a tiny blue neon sign that proclaimed a small bar and grill was still "open" for business. I recollected I had skipped lunch and dinner and was famished. 'What the hell,' I thought, 'a quick bite and a beer and then call a cab to take me back to my hotel. A BLT and a beer would go down good right about now.' I pushed the door open and stepped inside. The thick wooden door swung shut silently behind me on a spring.

It really fit the name hole-in-the-wall. Just a counter with six stools and a tiny table off in the back corner. The place was empty. I shrugged off my coat and slid onto a stool about halfway down the line. Couple of snow scene prints on the wall, some garland and a string of lights across the top of the mirror behind the bar. I guessed that a door with a round window at the end of the bar led to a kitchen. A tiny brass plaque embedded in the wooden top of the bar counter read "Mrs.C's Bar". There wasn't a sound. Not from the kitchen, not a radio, no tv, no sound of traffic outside. At that moment, you could've convinced me I was the last man in an empty world. Then she came through kitchen door. I couldn't help but stare.

My wife had been the only girl for me until her recent passing but it didn't mean I hadn't done a little window shopping now and then. But the woman who came through the door in that bar was nothing like any of the women I had usually found attractive in the past. 

The term, BBW, big beautiful woman, leaped to mind as she strode up the length of the bar to where I was sitting. She put her large hands palm down on the countertop in front of me and smiled. Her smile was dazzling. I guessed she might be close to me in age but it was hard to tell. There were no lines in her wide face and there was a distinctly rosey hue in her cheeks that looked perfectly natural to me. And her eyes sparkled like lights in a crystal. She wore a snug, red scoop neck that plunged to reveal two extraordinary breasts barely contained within. I'd also taken note of the tight knee-length green skirt that was fringed with what appeared to be a slightly furry white hem. 

I was spell-bound. Speechless. Enthralled.

"Hungry?" she asked in a voice that was almost musical yet husky. I nodded, my brain having disconnected completely from my voicebox. She smiled again, her teeth flawlessly white. 

"Just be a sec then," she said and headed back toward the kitchen, her large firm ass sashaying perfectly behind her. I figured she'd gone to fetch a menu. She was back not a moment later. "Name's Mrs. C," she said with what I just might have been a wink.

She put a plate down in front of me between a set of cutlery I hadn't noticed before. On the plate was a warm sandwich. A BLT. She reached under the counter and set a beer down next to the plate. Curiously it was my favorite brand. I looked up at her bewildered.

"BLT love, only thing left in the house I'm afraid at this hour. Took the liberty of toasting it for you as you seemed a bit chilled." 

I looked down at the label on the beer and back up at her.

"Only brand we carry hon, hope its alright?" she asked, clearly concerned with the look on my face.

"N-no, it's fine," I managed to stutter out, "great, thanks."

"Not at all. You get that into you while I clean up a bit."

"You look fine to me already," I blurted out like some nervous adolescent on a first date, and immediately felt like a perfect fool. She put her hands on her big hips and smiled the sweetest smile I had ever seen at me.

"That's lovely of you to say, but I was talking about cleaning up the bar here, not meself." I mumbled an apology for heavens knows what reason and she just kept smiling. I wolfed down the sandwich, thinking I'd probably still be hungry after but once the last crumb was gone, I felt comfortably full and warm. 

I watched as she wiped glasses clean and set them in a neat line behind her, my eyes following her every move when she wasn't looking my way. And for the first time in too long, I felt a distant stirring in my loins. I sipped my beer and enjoyed the lines of her full form over and over, savoring every curve - until I realized she could see me in the mirror whenever she looked up. Her reflection was also watching me, more with bemusement than lust I was sure.

She cleared my plate away and we began to chat. Well, to be truthful, it seemed to be me doing most of the talking and her doing the listening. I am normally a private man yet before long I found myself pouring out my story to her in one long stream of unhappiness. Her shining eyes never left my face. When I finally shut up it felt like I'd been talking for hours. About everything. My whole life maybe.

Once again I felt a fool and proffered an apology for my run-on mouth. She laid a soft warm hand on mine and patted it, my smaller hand disappearing entirely beneath hers.

"Do you feel better?" she asked with a mischevious grin as she continued to hold my hand.

And you know, I did. I felt drained, emptied, and, well, good. Better than I had in a long time. I nodded.

"Ah," she said, "then I have done my job here. And now, I have to close up." I looked at my watch and was astonished to see that it was still two minutes to midnight. It felt like I had been there for hours. I quickly shifted off the stool.

"Sure, sure," I said, scrambling to put my coat on, "I don't want to keep you on late. I mean tonight especially." She laughed delightedly and it made me feel good the way she laughed. Made me want to laugh too.

"Not at all," she chuckled, "I enjoyed your company, and all the more so since I am always alone on Christmas eve."

"Ah, husband travels a lot on business then, like me?"

"Mmmmm, you might say that," she answered, curiously placing a plump finger alongside of her nose. 

"Well, you have a good Christmas," I managed to get out as I fumbled for some money to pay the bill. She waved off my money.

"On the house tonight," she said sweetly. I couldn't talk her out it so I thanked her profusely and turned to leave. Somehow she reached the door before me and switched off the neon "Open" light. 

"Where are you going?" she asked lightly. 

Oh yes, of course, she could see I was going to need a cab and was going to offer to call one. But do you think I could remember the name of the hotel? I drew a complete blank. Honestly. It was embarassing. I confessed my selective amnesia and hoped she wouldn't laugh or throw me out on my ear. She shook her head.

"No silly, I meant 'Where are you going?' I live upstairs."

You could have knocked me over with a feather. I mumbled something about her husband. She smiled as she locked the front door and taking me by the hand, led me to a side door I hadn't noticed before and up a narrow flight of stairs.

"Don't worry about him," she said gently as we went up the stairs, me in tow, "he's halfway around the world by now."

I gotta admit I wasn't real comfortable with all this. She opened a door that led to a small apartment. It was basically a one room with a kitchenette along one side and a huge four-poster bed dominating the other side. 

"Look," I started, "I have to tell you it's been a long time since I was with a woman and I, uh." 

She turned and pressed a finger to my lips, giving me a 'tsk, tsk' and a shush. Startled, I watched in silence as she tossed my coat over a chair. Then she replaced the finger across my lips with her own lips. They were ripe and full and marvelously erotic.

Her arms went around me, enveloping me in a big, wonderful, blanketing hug. As her large breasts pressed against me I again felt the stirring in my nether region, only this time it was more familiar - and urgent. I slipped my own arms around her, my fingertips barely touching as I returned her kiss ardently, the lust slowly stretching and yawning inside me as it awakened from its' long sleep.

Her tongue pushed between my lips and tussled playfully with mine as her hands roved across my back, caressing. A few moments of this and she pushed me gently back from her. Her fingers went dancing down my shirt, deftly undoing each button without missing a beat. She pulled my shirt off and in a flash, my pants were unbuckled and down. Seconds later I was standing before her completely naked, and not a little surprised and pleased so see that my cock had not completely forgotten how to stand up and be counted. 

Mrs.C. smiled with delight at the sight of my cock saluting her ample charms as she stripped off her tight top and just as quickly reached back, unzipped her skirt and let it fall away. I gave an inward gasp.

Underneath her clothes she was wearing a red silk teddy with black lace edging. She filled it out beautifully, her heavy tits struggling for release, her wide hips drawing superb curves from the silky sheath and beneath it all a set of generous thighs and legs. If you asked me beforehand to name my favorite piece of lingerie, I'd have named the very thing she was wearing. I'd like to tell you it should have made me wonder a bit but really, my mind was on other things.

Clearly pleased with my reaction, she modeled it for me briefly, turning and parading, and I gladly enjoyed the show. Her ass, like the rest of this amazing woman, was on the large size but oh so attractive and inflamed my desire for her.

She pushed me on my back onto her bed and stepping between my legs, lowered her mouth to my cock. I watched enraptured as her tongue lapped gently at the head then slid lovingly up and down the length of my quivering member. Her ruby red lips wrapped themselves around the head of my engorged cock and she spent a moment tasting it before she began to slide the rest of it into her warm, wet, soft mouth. It was bliss, far and away the best mouth on my organ I could remember ever having.

Her bright eyes watched my face as I moaned with each rise and fall of her mouth on my willing cock. At he same time her hands were moving across my naked body, exploring, fondling, pinching lightly now and then. My own hands were deep in her thick, black hair playing in the curls and gently stroking her head as her mouth stroked mine. In scant moments she had expertly brought me to the point of no return and I managed to gasp a protest but she just paused long enough to give me a dazzlingly wicked smile before her mouth again plunged down onto me and began sucking noisily. Her furious energy swept across me in an irresistible erotic wave and I groaned as my cum rose up and jetted into her waiting mouth. She swallowed eagerly, her long red fingernails lightly scratching at the underside of my balls, coaxing the last spurts out of me.

Finally she stood back, happily licking the last of my cum from her lips. I smiled back at her, equally pleased and pleasantly drained. She slowly removed the teddy, letting one pendulous breast and then the other swing free. She continued to peel herself carefully out of her silk and lace and I could only watch, mesmerized at how every move was so perfectly sensual and sexy. When she was completely nude, my eyes traced her lovely curves and I felt my hunger for her grow. 

She lay back on the bed and lifting her knees, spread her ample legs invitingly. I didn't need to be asked twice, in fact, a second before as I had admired her naked body it had been the very thought in my head, something that I was overcome with the desire to do to my host.

I plunged my head between her bountiful thighs, my tongue leading the way. I ran my tongue eagerly up and down the length of her slit. She shivered and gave a soft moan as I lapped at her wet pussy passionately, relishing the taste of her depths. I finally settled on her clit and she gave a soft cry as I began to lightly lash her button when I wasn't sucking on it energetically. I felt her fleshy thighs press gently against the sides of my head as I gained enthusiasm and went straight to my work. 

Now and then I would pause and plunge my tongue into her dampening snatch, just long enough to be rewarded with a gasp, but I would quickly return my oral attentions to her quivering mound. I settled into a steady lapping rhythm and I felt her place her hands on my head, pressing down to signal an especially pleasurable sensation where she wished me to linger. 

Soon enough I felt her ass rise from the bed and I lifted my head to see what was the matter. Her eyes were wild with lust and she was panting heavily. I understood what she wanted but, having released my seed just moments ago and being long out of practice, I had a moment of fear that I might not be up to the task.

As if she knew what I was thinking she pulled me up on top of her and I reveled in the feeling of her marvelous tits pressed against my chest. Then I felt her fingernails drag along the length of my half-masted rod, and damned if the thing didn't spring to life and become rock hard in an instant. 

She wrapped her legs around me and without hesitation pulled me into her wet, waiting pussy. My cock drove deep and I think both of us gasped at the same time. If I had any absurd notions about the size of her cunt, they were immediately swept away and I had a second to be delighted at how hot and tight she was. I don't know how I kept from cumming but somehow I did and we soon found ourselves fucking like lovers who have been apart for too long. 

Time and the rest of the world seemed to slip away and leave the two of us to devote the moment to each other and our lovemaking. At times slow and languid, and then other times urgent and hungry, it seemed to go on for hours. At times my hands on her substantial breasts, other times my mouth on hers, our tongues taking turns exploring each other. But always enveloped in an boundless passion, thrusting and lifting, rising and sinking, pushing each other steadily towards a climax. 

I began to wonder if the sun might find us still at this at dawn when something in the air seemed to change ever so slightly. The muscles in her pussy seemed to be clamping down on me and I felt the cum being drawn up at last as our lovemaking became wilder, more intense and I began to pump into her as I had never done before with any woman.

She cried out and I could feel the orgasm surge through her like an earthquake, shaking her like a leaf. A second later I too was gripped by the wave and, to my delight, for the second time today, I erupted and sent jet after jet of cum into this magnificent wonder of a woman. I finally collapsed on top of her as the last of my cum pulsed out of me into her welcoming pussy as her arms gently wrapped around me and held me until we both returned to the planet.

We lay like that for a long time, simply savoring the feel, the taste and the scent of each other. Then she said with a soft sigh, "It's time." I understood her and slipped out of the bed without a word and fell into my clothes. 

So many things going through my head - would I see her again, could I see her again? She too had gotten out of bed and slipped a thin, green, practically transparent robe over her body. Seeing her in that, I wanted her all over again. She pressed a finger lightly to my lips as if to silence my questions, kissed me gently and sent me on my way.

Outside, in the street, a marvelous light snow was falling and there was a crisp, cold freshness in the air that was a pleasure to breathe. I stood for a moment and took it all in, every bit of it, and for the first time in a long time, well, I just plain felt good - about me, about the rest of the world. Then I turned and there was a cab sitting waiting at the curb and I was soon back in my hotel.

One year later, almost to the day, I made my way back to that same neighbourhood. This time I had come while it was still daylight, not trusting my memory in the darkness.

The intervening year had been a good one. After that amazing night, things had turned around for me. Call it a greater self-confidence, call it a change in my luck, call it whatever you like, my career had turned around, sales calls proving out time after time, moving me up to the regional manager position with hints of better to come. I'd put myself on a budget and in a few months expected to see my debts paid off and there was even a special lady showing more than passing interest in my life. 

And here I was, in front of what I was sure was the same dingy coin laundry, yet the "bar and grill" was nowhere to be seen. Across the street was a massive aging warehouse that looked as if it had been there for decades. I was confused and disappointed. Believe it or not, I just wanted to find Mrs.C. and thank her. But she was nowhere to be found.

On impulse I went into the coin laundry. There was a heavyset, older fellow with a full head of white hair sitting in one corner reading a newspaper. Nobody else around. So I went up and asked him about Mrs. C's bar. He waved a hand at the warehouse across the street.

"Building's been here for years. Never moved and don't expect it ever will," he said flatly.

"So you never heard of such a place?" I pressed.

"Can't say as I have," he said peering up at me over the top of his peculiar square spectacles, "but I'll tell you what."

"What?" I asked curiously.

"Seems to be, time of the year like this, must be better places you could be, friends and family and such?" He stared at me and stroked his heavy beard. I agreed as how that was so but explained I had felt a need to come and thank someone special for something they did for me once.

"Good deed was it?" he asked.

"Might say that," I answered. He mulled that over for a second.

"Well then," he said with a ghost of a smile, "I have always found that folks doing a good deed aren't looking for thanks as such, cuz they already know how much they are appreciated. Now you best be getting along before you miss your flight home." 

I said I guessed I knew what he meant, said thanks and headed for the cab idling by the curb. As I went out the door I heard him call out "Merry Christmas" after me. I turned to return the greeting but a door in the back of the laundry was just swinging shut and he was gone. 

Later, as I sat a window seat of the plane and watched the sparkling lights shimmering far below, it did occur to me to briefly wonder before I dozed off, how did that old fellow know I was going to be taking a flight home?

As I was about to drift off to sleep, the stewardess turned down the overhead lights and I could have sworn I heard her say over the P.A. in a vaguely familiar voice, "Sweet dreams, and good night."