  (Continued from 'XXX MOVIES - Part 1)

I had been in an almost constant state of sexual arousal for a week, but watching those porno movies had really gotten me turned on. I'd had enough of watching someone else do it, and I wanted some for myself.

As I slid over onto John's lap, he used the remote to turn off the TV. I put my arms around his neck, we kissed, and his hand slid inside my robe to find my nipples just waiting for his touch. Then he stood me up in front of him, opened my robe, and I let it fall to the floor. He dipped his fingertip in the Grand Marnier and spread the liqueur over one nipple It felt both cool and warm at the same time; tingly on that sensitive area. Then John circled the tipof his tongue around that swollen nipple and finally sucked it into his mouth. It felt wonderful Then he dipped his finger again and gave the same treatment to the other nipple. By the time he had gotten all the Grand Marnier off me, both my nipples had been kissed, licked, and sucked until they tingled and stuck out like little red berries. I could also feel my pussy getting wet. It felt wonderful. 

John stood, took me into his arms, and we shared a deep, lovely kiss, with Herman insistently poking me in the tummy. I put my hand between us to untie the belt of his robe, and reached up to slide it off his shoulders so we were standing there naked, kissing. He picked me up like I was weightless, carried me to the bedroom, and stood me up while he pulled the covers down. Herman was sticking straight out from his body and looked very inviting and eager. When John took me into his arms again, we kissed, and I used my hand to put Herman pointing up, between our stomachs. He was hot and doing a lot of throbbing, so I rubbed my tummy against him to encourage him. Ohhhh, I can hardly wait to get that hot, hard penis inside me. I hope John doesn't do that forestuff and make me wait too long.

We lay down, and our bodies naturally got into the position I had come to love so much: On our sides with our heads on the same pillow, lips and tongues together, arms around each other, legs intertwined, and big, warm Herman rubbing against my tummy. I sure didn't need any foreplay, but John spent a long time kissing me, making love to my breasts with his lips, stroking my inner thighs, and finally kissing down my stomach to my mound. John's tongue found my sensitive clitoris, and he licked me until I was almost to go over. Oh, I love this, but I wish he would stop teasing me and give me what I want. He knows what I want. 

I loved all that kissing and petting, but what I was really wanting was to have big, warm Herman inside my pussy. It was all wonderful, but everything he did just made me want him inside me that much more. If foreplay is supposed to arouse me to want sexual intercourse, it sure works! Not that I needed any arousing. I wanted him in me before he ever started, and now I'm going to go crazy if I don't get it right now! It feels like my pussy is really gushing. Miss Kitty knows what she wants, and is she ever ready! I think I might come before he gets all the way into me. I need to be fucked, right now!

 

John finally got between my legs, and I spread my knees wide and high to welcome him. I reached down to guide big, warm Herman, and I was quickly getting my entrance stretched. John entered me really slowly, going in a little, pulling back, going in a little more, pulling back. He was making me wait, teasing me, and I loved it. When I could finally feel John's pubic bone against mine and Herman's tip poking my cervix, I was just about to come. He held his penis very still, though, so I never actually went over, although the feel of him throbbing and jerking inside me kept me right on the brink. 

Then I pulled him down to me for a deep kiss, and that was all it took to get me over. I had a tight little orgasm that made me tingle all over with pleasure. There was no yelling, scratching, or any of that, and I don't think John would have even known I'd had a climax if I hadn't pulled his hair a little and moaned into his mouth. 

John whispered, 'Did you just come, Sweetie?'

I said, 'Oh, yes, Lover. It was a sweet, gentle one. The kind that just make me want more.'

He got back up onto his hands and started moving big, warm Herman slowly in and out of me. He kept this up for a long, wonderful time. Every time I opened my eyes to look up at him, I found him looking down at me. I finally asked him what he was looking at, and he said he loved to watch the expressions on my face while we made love. He thought the looks on my face left no doubt as to what was happening to the rest of my body. For some reason this was very erotic to me, and I suddenly was close to another orgasm. It's amazing. I don't know why, but when we're making love, something like kissing orJohn telling me about the expressions on my face can almost make me go over. The more experience I get, the more questions I have. It's all wonderful.

I put my arms around John's neck and pulled myself up to him for a kiss. Then I reached my legs up and wrapped them around his waist and pulled the rest of my body up. John was on his hands and knees, and I was hanging from him, not touching the bed at all. This really turned me on, and I started rocking back and forth while hanging there, causing his penis to move back and forth inside me. John pushed forward to meet me when I moved, and that made Herman go nice and deep into me. 

Herman's shaft was sliding along my clitoris with every stroke, and my climax came over me very suddenly. As that orgasmic dam inside me burst, I used my strong legs to thrust my pussy hard up against him, fucking myself with that big, hard penis in my vagina. I had a short, very hard climax, and I could hear myself yelp at my peak and moan loudly as I slowly came down. Mmmmmmmmmm

When I had come down a little, I lost all the strength that had kept me hanging from John, and I just let go and flopped back down onto the bed with an ummmpf. Unfortunately, this caused my vagina to lose Herman. Maybe that was best, though, because if he had stayed in my pussy John would have had a real climax and he would have been finished for the night. 

As it was, I felt something wet and warm on my stomach and looked down just in time to see John's penis give a big upwards jerk and a long, thick, white gusher of semen shot out of his little slit and down onto me. The first part of the stream landed all the way up between my breasts, and the rest left a trail down below my belly button. Wow! That's the most erotic thing I've ever seen. I didn't know it would spurt that far. I've felt him gusher in my mouth, but I've never seen it. 

 

Herman jerked again, and another gusher left a trail from my right breast down to my hip bone. I could feel some of it running down my side. This was such a turn on for me that I almost had another orgasm without even being touched. Almost. After a smaller gusher and some dribbling on my tummy, Herman was through, and I put my hand down to guide him back into my wide open pussy. He was definitely smaller and not as hard, but after a few strokes he was big, warm and wonderful inside me again. 

I had no experience with having semen all over me, so I just did what seemed natural: I scooped some up with two fingers and sucked them clean. Really thick. Sweeter than it was this afternoon. The sweetest I've ever tasted. Must be from the Grand Marnier he was drinking. No, I don't think so. How could something he drank affect the taste of his semen? 

 

I pulled John down to me for a kiss, and he seemed to be as hungry for it as I was. He didn't even seem to mind that my lips were cummy and that I had semen all over the front of me. He lowered himself onto me, moved around, and smeared it all over the front of both of us, our mouths never parting. That was a really big turn on for me, and I nearly went over again. Wow! Things like watching John gush semen on me or rubbing it all over us can almost bring me to a climax. Even a kiss when I'm close can put me over. Just something he says. There's a lot more to orgasms than just what's happening to my button and pussy. The more sex we have, the more I find out I don't know. Boy, do I ever love learning!

 

John turned us on our sides with my leg under his waist. We shared long, deep kisses while big, warm Herman moved slowly and wonderfully in and out of me. After a lovely long time of gentle stroking in and out, kissing, and murmuring, John pulled Herman out of me and got to his knees. He told me to get on my hands and knees. I remembered seeing women on the porno movies doing that, so I did as I was told and got onto my hands and knees. I thought of the way dogs do it. 

Unfortunately, moving like that somehow forced the air out of my vagina and there several short, loud, awful farting sounds. Brrrrrrrt brrrrt brrrrrrrt John took my hips with his hands and lifted my back end to suit him, then he plunged Herman into me. I guess my vagina had filled with air again, because John's penis going into me caused another long, loud, wet noise as the air was forced out of me. I was embarrassed, and I giggled, but John laughed and said that 'pussy farts' were just a part of lovemaking. Pussy farts. That really sounds gross! It feels kind of good in a sexy way when it happens, though. I guess it's nothing to be embarrassed about, but I sure wish it didn't sound so awful. 

 

After John had my hips positioned the way he wanted them, he put one arm under my waist to hold my back end high. He used the other hand to push down between my shoulder blades and told me to lower my front end. I went down to my elbows, but he wanted me down further, so I ended up with only my face, breasts, and knees touching the bed. I had to get rid of the pillow and lay with my cheek on the matress. I felt kind of embarrassed being in that position with my ..... uh .... my anus on display. I also missed being able to watch John as we made love, but I got a nice side view in the mirror. 

I watched John slide big, warm Herman into me, and he went deep. In that position, the tip of his penis was going to places inside me that had never been touched before. When I felt stretched almost to the breaking point, John slowly kept pushing even deeper. Oh, my God! If he goes any deeper something's going to break. This is scary. I'm afraid he's really going to hurt me. Ohhhhhhh, it feels wondderfuullll! I was in a panic, and I cried out for John to be careful, he was going to hurt me. He responded this by taking my hips in his hands and pulling me up and back while he plunged his penis into me. 

I felt a brief stab of pain and I had the feeling that something kind of give way deep inside me, like what happened when John popped my cherry, but a lot farther up. It felt like something went crunch. Then John was lifting my back end completely off the bed and starting fucking me hard and deep. I guess whatever had happened up in there made more room for Herman, because he was slamming into me with long, hard, deep strokes, but it didn't hurt anymore and I loved it. 

 

Every time he went full-length into me, my pussy was being stretched and battered, and I it was wonderful! Our bodies went smack, smack, smack as they came together, and I loved it, loved it, loved it. I had my arms out and my hands braced against the headboard of the bed so I could push back when John thrust forward and make sure I got rammed hard. It also kept me from getting my head banged into the headboard. I was just on the verge of the biggest orgasm anyone had ever had when he lowered my hips and started moving more slowly. I had been so close to a real monster climax that I sort of stayed close to the edge. 

After John had stroked slowly in and out of me for a while, I was able to back away from the brink of that huge climax that never quite happened. I was just drifting along in the wonderful bliss of being made love to. After being in that position for a while I decided it wasn't so embarrassing after all, and it gradually seemed to be perfectly natural and wonderful. It would have been even better if we had been able to kiss. 

John pulled his penis out of me and slid it back and forth in the crack of my behind several times. At first it felt weird, then it felt kind of good, then I definitely liked it. By the time he put Herman back where he belonged I had a well lubricated crack. 

I felt John's finger feeling around my ...... umm .... my anus, and I clenched it tight. I didn't want him putting his finger up in there. When he took his finger away, I let it relax, and. the next thing I knew, he had a fingertip up ..... up my....... well, up my ass. I clenched tight, and he told me very sternly to relax my anus. I guess I had become accustomed to obeying him immediately, because I actually did relax it. I yelled, 'Oh, John, don't .............................. Ohhhhh,' and I had the full length of what seemed to be a huge finger all the way up in my rectum, and no amount of anus clenching was going to remove it. 

He held his finger there and started fucking me again, and the pleasure of that sort of took my mind off of that finger .... back there. He whispered several times for me to relax the muscle, and I really tried. At first, every time I tried to relax my muscle it felt like I was going to .....have an accident, so I clenched. I knew I wasn't, though, so I kept trying to relax. Finally I got the hang of it, and I found that, as long as my anus was relaxed, having his finger in my rectum wasn't uncomfortable. 

John moved his finger around in there a little, and I actually started to feel some pleasure. He pulled his finger out a little, then put it back all the way in, and I sort of liked that. Then he would slowly pull the finger almost all the way out, then slide it back in. It got to feel pretty good. Then he would pull the finger out as he slid Herman deep into my pussy and slide the finger in as he pulled his penis back. He never pulled his finger out all the way, just slid it back and forth. The regular finger in-Herman out, Herman in-finger out started feeling very good. 

He slowly increased the speed, and I felt the beginnings of an orgasm building from what his penis was doing in my vagina. Much to my surprise, I was getting the same feelings from my ... um....... behind. Oh, my God! It's like I'm being ........ well, like I'm being fucked twice! If he keeps this up, I'm going to go over. I wonder which one is going to push me over, Herman or finger, pussy or .......... bottom. 

 

John started fucking me harder and faster and sliding his finger in and out in rhythm with the strokes of his penis. I heard him moan, 'Ohhhh, Baby, I'm going to come.' Then he started slamming his penis into me, keeping his finger stroking at the same time. This was enough to burst the dam inside me. Boy did it ever burst! It shattered, blew up, disintegrated, exploded. My brain was getting waves of orgasm from my vagina and my behind at the same time, and I just lost all control. 

I heard myself scream as the full force of my climax hit me. Not just a little yelp, either. Eeeeooooowwwwww I was experiencing the incredible ecstacy of an orgasm, but I screamed like I was being murdered. Then my teeth clenched, those red and yellow lights flashed inside my eyes, huge bells rang in my head BONG BONG BONG, both feet started cramping, and I pushed back with my hands as hard as I could to keep from being driven right through the wall by the force of John's thrusts. I could hear myself grunt every time John slammed into me, and I sort of shrieked between grunts. I was at a height of an orgasm and at a peak where I had never been before. It just went on, and on, and on. There was no coming down from my peak. My overloaded mind only had one thought: I'm going to die, and I don't care. I just want this to go on forever. I'll die in ecstacy. Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 

Then everything was black and silent.

________________________________________

Diane's next new experience? Read 'Three O'clock in the Morning' by MathGirl at Literotica.com

Comments always welcome. Votes are nice, too. 

Everyone in the story over eighteen, of course.