 When I got to his bathroom,  John had already lit candles and was in that huge bathtub with bubbles up to his neck.  On the tile shelf by the tub he had laid out our 'picnic' from the deli; sandwiches, pickles, potato salad, potato chips. A Coke for me and some kind of yuck beer for himself.  There was even a snifter of Grand Marnier for dessert.  As I took off my robe and stepped into the tub, I thought about how natural it seemed to be naked with John, even that long pussy-exposed step down into the tub.  I felt none of the embarrassment or shyness that would have probably been the death of me a week before.  John has seen every square inch of me, even places I've never seen.  Touched me everywhere, too.  I'll bet he's kissed more than half of me.  He sure seems to like what he sees, feels, and kisses, so there's nothing to be shy about.  He's never even said anything about that darned mole on my tummy.  

We had a wonderful time eating in the tub, and I decided pastrami and swiss on dark rye might have taken over from sausage and pepperoni pizza as my absolutely favorite food.  Well ........  lobster, steak, prime rib, and blueberry pie are right up there.  Oh, barbequed ribs, too.  And Dryer's Grand Pecan Praline Ice Cream.  Oh, Heath Bars.  Semen is kind of good, too.  

By the time I had eaten all my sandwich, half of John's, most of the potato salad, all the chips, my dill pickle and half of John's, and about a quart of Coke I was feeling full and satisfied.  I could even feel a little bulge in my tummy.  We used towels for napkins and just let the crumbs and juices fall into the water.  It was messy and lots of fun.  I felt a little guilty about getting all the towels dirty and dropping crumbs in the tub, but John said that's just one of the nice things about staying in a hotel, and that they got well paid for cleaning up after us.  It had been a long, eventful, wonderful day, and I was feeling a little sleepy, but  I had plans to give and receive lots of loving before I even considered going to sleep.  

John piled the wrappers, plates, and cups from our 'picnic' to one side of the shelf and gave me a sip of his Grand Marnier.  I'm getting to really like this stuff.  When adults drink alcohol, I don't understand why they don't always drink things that taste good, like Grand Marnier or creme de menthe.  I hate the taste of beer, Wild Turkey is awful, and I'm not crazy about the sips of wine I take at dinner just to please John.  That Stoli-stuff he drinks doesn't even taste, it just burns.  I guess they must be adults-only things, like  coffee and the IRS, whatever that is..  There are some adult things I can really appreciate, though.  I'm being kissed in a very adult way, there's a very adult penis poking me in my tummy, and the feeling this is causing in my pussy sure isn't juvenile.  Little girls nipples don't get big and hard like mine are getting, either.  I would absolutely love to be put on that shelf and have my pussy kissed, and little girls don't think thoughts like that.  If he doesn't do it pretty soon, I'm going to ask him to.  Beer isn't too bad when I taste it on John's lips.

We had a long, lovely kiss, and then we each leaned back on our ends of the big tub and relaxed.  After a few minutes of this, I just couldn't wait any longer.  I picked up a big towel from the stack on the floor, folded it double, and put it on the shelf.  I guess this wasn't very subtle, but I knew what I wanted.  John laughed and took the hint.  He asked if I would like to sit on the shelf,  to have my pussy kissed, and wasn't I getting just the least bit spoiled?  I said that the answer was yes to all three questions and got up on the shelf with my legs down in the sudsy water.  

While John was putting a towel around my shoulders so I wouldn't get cold, I told him I knew I was being a spoiled brat, but that he had made me that way and I took no responsibility for it.  He laughed and spread my legs while I giggled and raised my knees.  With one foot on the shelf beside me, the other foot on John's shoulder, and my knees wide, I was really spread open.  He said he never had a camera when he really needed one, and I leaned forward to pulled his head to where I wanted it.  I whispered that I would be glad to let him take all the pictures he wanted of my pussy, but right now it needed kissing.  

I think I realized for the first time what my mom meant when she used the term 'brazen hussy.'  That was me.  John definitely wanted me to be a lady in public, but I could be as brazen and hussified as I wanted when we were alone.  Acting like that seemed  natural for me, and after only a few days of practice.  I loved being John's 'lady' (although I knew I needed a lot of experience and practice at that), but when we were alone together I wanted sex, sex, sex.  It was by far the most significant and wonderful thing that had ever happened to me, and I loved it.  I loved being in love, being loved in return, and SEX.  

I think I love the giving as much as the getting.   Welllllll, maybe not quite as much.  I like sucking John's penis, but not as much as I like him kissing my pussy.  A week ago I'd never even been really kissed.  Three days ago I was a virgin.  I guess math isn't the only thing I have a natural aptitude for.  Going over seems to come very naturally to me.  Oh, Lover, I feel like I have about a hundred orgasms built up inside me, just waiting for you to let them out!

The first touch of John's warm, wet tongue between my inner lips was like magic.  It changed me instantly  from a giggly, playful girl into a woman who took her pleasure very seriously.  He parted my inner lips with his tongue, then he sucked them in and out between his lips a few times.  It felt lovely.  

By the time his tongue entered my vagina, my lips were well spread and I could feel my juices flowing and my entrance open in anticipation.  My legs were quivering, and he asked if I was cold.  I told him I wasn't at all cold, just anxious.  He asked what I was so anxious for, and I told him if he licked my button a little bit, I'd show him.  I guess he wanted to find out, because he started gently licking it.  I could feel that big clitoris of mine swell before he even touched it.  

He pushed the covering back with the tip of his tongue, and I found myself already about ninety percent of the way to a climax and rapidly reaching for the other ten percent.  

I groaned, 'Oh, John, make me coomme!'  and I was startled at how loud it was in that big tiled bathroom.  It kind of echoed.  I grabbed his hair with both hands and held his mouth to me as his tongue found that ultrasensitive spot on the side of my button.  As I flew to the peak of my climax, he kept his tongue right there, licking very rapidly.  I came so hard I yelled and squealed at my peak, and the sounds echoed.  As I was coming down, all I could say was, 'oooff.'  

I told John that I'd be a basket case if he did any more, so he helped me slide back down into the tub.  He held and kissed me until I had recovered.  Maybe I've had too many orgasms today.  That one really knocked me out.  I asked John if he thought I'd overdone the orgasms, and he said that maybe it was the opposite.  Maybe I hadn't had enough.  That made me giggle.  

I asked John to get up on the shelf so I could suck him, and he said we should save it for later, when we went to bed.  I told him I wanted a nice warm penis in my mouth, and I didn't intend to make him come, just give him pleasure.  I found it kind of awkward, kneeling sideways in the tub, but I finally got fairly comfortable.  I knelt there between his parted legs and made love to him, slowly and lovingly.  

I soon had big, warm Herman throbbing and his slippery stuff was really flowing.  John seemed to like it a lot when I pushed his knees wide apart and sucked one of his testicles into my mouth and ran my tongue around it.  He liked it so much that I did the other one, being very careful not to hurt him.  I think I'm getting pretty good at giving my lover pleasure.  I hope he gets half as much pleasure from our lovemaking as I do.  I wonder if I could get them both in my mouth at the same time.  Probably not, and I might hurt him if I tried.  

When the slippery stuff started to get sticky, I decided I'd better quit before he went over.  He told me that I was getting very good at teasing him and keeping him close to coming.  He warned me, though, that if I let him go just the tiniest bit too far, there was no turning back.  Once he started to come, he had to continue until he was finished.  I've got a lot more to learn about him, but I've never studied anything that was so much fun.  I think I'd better quit, before I accidentally make him come.  I have other plans for Herman, and they don't include him coming in my mouth.  At least not right now.  

I held Herman's tip in my mouth and milked him, and I got the inside of my mouth nicely coated with a mixture of slippery and sticky stuff.   John slid back down into the tub, and he kissed me before I even had a chance to wipe off my gooey lips.  He didn't seem to mind.  We washed and played with each other until I started to get cold, then I got dried and my nipples kissed, just the way I had learned to like it.  

I went to my bathroom to put on my robe and apply some Vaseline to my pussy.  I wanted Miss Kitty to be ready for whatever 'punishment' big, warm Herman wanted to give her.  We had been making love so much that I was always just a little bit raw, right at my entrance.  When we were out in public that little irritation  kept me reminded of what we had been doing and what we would soon be doing again.  I liked that.  I think I'm going to be a little sore for as long as John and I are together.  I hope so.  The Vaseline seemed to sooth the raw places and keep me ready to do it again without getting any sorer.  I brushed my hair into shape, put little dabs of White Shoulders behind my ears, and went to join my lover in bed.

John wasn't in bed, though.  He was out in the living room or whatever you call it in a hotel.  He was sitting on the couch, sipping Grand Marnier, and flipping through the channels on the TV.  I joined him on the couch and got a nice kiss.  I was pleased to find that he had brushed his teeth, and I couldn't taste beer on him anymore.  As he channel surfed, it looked like the usual stuff.  

He quickly passed through a channel that looked like it was showing naked people, and I asked him to go back to it.  He laughed and said it was pornography, and I was too young.  I said I was old enough to do it, so I thought I was old enough to watch it.  Besides, I'd seen that porno VCR tape of Dad's.  

He found the porno channel, and ........ well, what they showed on there made the porno video of Dad's that I'd sneaked a peek at seem pretty tame.  There was no attempt to make any kind of story, it was just a bunch of short segments showing different people having sex in different ways.  I was absolutely fascinated.  

As we watched, I wanted John and me to be doing the same things, but I also didn't want to miss anything.  I would ask John a question, and as soon as he answered, I would have another one.  He seemed to think most of my questions were kind of funny, but he didn't ridicule my ignorance.  He had told me the difference between ignorance and stupidity and that I was definitely not stupid.  I was very serious about my questions.

D: Is this on regular TV, or is it just in San Francisco?  We sure don't get this stuff at home.
J:  No (laughing).  San Francisco's very liberal, but I don't think this sort of thing would be broadcast even here.  They have something like this in some big hotels, but you have to ask for it.  I didn't ask, so I guess they forgot to turn it off after the last guest in this room.  I'm sure it's a closed circuit thing with video tapes, shown only in the hotel.  I've never seen real hard-core porn like this in a hotel, though.  It must be something new.  I still think you're too young to be watching this stuff.

D: Hah!  You won't think I'm too young when I get you to bed.  Was there really someone there with a video camera there taking those pictures?
J:  From the looks of it, there was more than one.  Probably a lighting guy and a director, too.  Maybe a few people just standing around, watching.  Maybe a grandstand and they sold tickets.  (laughing)

D:  How can they do that?  I mean make love with people watching.
J:   I don't know, Sweetie.  I guess they just get used to it.  I wouldn't call if 'making love,' though.  In this case it's just fucking and sucking with no love involved.

D: Do those people get paid for ...... what they're doing?
J:  I'm sure they do.  I don't think they would do that without getting paid for it.

D: If they get paid to do it, isn't that like ........ prostitution?
J.  Ummmmm...... Yeah, I guess it is.  I never thought about it that way.

D: John, do people get  ..... you know  ..... turned on by watching movies like this?
J:  As far as I know, that's the only reason anyone would watch them.  It sure isn't for the plot, the dialogue or the acting.  The costumes aren't much either.  (That made me giggle)

D: Is that why they make them?  To turn people on?
J:  No, Sweetie, the people who make these movies and act in them do it purely for the money.  You will learn that if there is something that people are willing to spend money for, there is someone who will do it for that money.  I think you'll find that it's called 'capitalism.'

D: The men seem to have awfully big penises.  Wow, look at the one on that guy!  I'm sure glad Herman isn't that big.  If he was any bigger than he is, I don't think he'd ever go into me.  I know I wouldn't be able to get my mouth around him, and I love to do that. 
J:  (Laughing again)  I think having a big dick is the main reason these guys are hired for the films.  We guys with average sized penises always say that size has nothing to do with pleasing a woman.  (That gave me the giggles)	

D: Darling, when that guy's penis is inside her, the lips of that woman's pussy are really spread out.  When Herman is in me, I can't see it, but when I feel with my finger it seems like even my outer lips are stretched like rubber bands and wrapped tightly around him.  Will I get bigger like that?  You know, get stretched out?
J: Baby, you have the smallest vulva I've ever seen.  I mean the part of you from top of your cleft down past the entrance to your vagina isn't more than two inches.  You're really tiny down there, and I doubt you will ever get very much bigger.  Well, maybe a little when you have babies.  When my penis is in you, everything gets stretched and even your little lips become wrapped around me.  There isn't anything extra to spread out, because everything you have is holding  Herman.  I wish I could find the words to tell you how good that feels to me.  You have a beautifully large clitoris, and you get stretched so much that it rides right down against my penis when we make love.  I think that's one of the reasons you seem to be able to get to an orgasm so easily.  You're really built for orgasms, but the main reason is that you're basically a very lewd woman.  (He laughed)

D: (Giggling) I think I have so many orgasms because I love you so much and you're such a wonderful lover. If I'm a lewd woman, it's because you must want me that way.  After all, you taught me everything I know.
J:  You seem to have a wonderful natural talent for being lewd when I want you to be and a lady at other times.  You may have a tiny pussy, but we've managed to get your vagina stretched out to where it takes my penis perfectly.  I can't imagine a pussy that looks, tastes, and feels any better than yours.  It's a pussy that's custom fitted to my penis, and it's wonderful.  I'm a very lucky man.  You and Miss Kitty have come a long ways in just a few days.  I love you, you know.  (He shut me up for a little while with a lovely, long kiss with lots of tongue.  My favorite kind.)

D: Are those women really having climaxes?  They sure sound and act like they are.
J:  I don't know, Baby.  I have an idea that's mostly faked.  I think moaning and groaning is the main part of the script for the girls.  In this one, I think the sound was added later, and they didn't do a very good job.  Some of the moans come when her mouth's closed.

D: Well, the guys sure do have orgasms!  Why do they always have to do it all over the girls' faces?  I mean, I didn't mind it the time I got it in the face and hair.  In fact it was kind of sexy.  But that was an accident and it was just one gusher.  Besides, it was my own fault.  In these movies, though, they do it all the time, on purpose, and seem to want to get the maximum amount possible all over her face.  Do the women really like it, or are they just acting?  They get it in their hair, eyes, and even up their noses.  I think it's kind of gross.  No!  I didn't mean for you to shut it off.  I want to watch.  
J:  (Laughing)  Let's see  ....   I'm sure the women just consider it a part of the job and act like they enjoy having someone ejaculate all over their faces.  I won't go into the psychological aspect of it, but some men get stimulated by seeing women sexually humiliated.  They also like to watch women having sex.  Those facial cumshots satisfy both wants. 

D: Don't other kinds of people watch this stuff?
J:  Oh, sure.  Just everyday people with no particular hangups who happen to like it.  I don't think there's anything wrong with pornography, and it's probably perfectly healthy.  Just as long as a person doesn't get carried away with it, confuse it with real life, and it doesn't involve children.  As a psychologist and marriage counselor, I've even suggested that certain couples try watching it together.  It can be a way to liven up a dull marriage, something to masturbate to, or watch some of it just for fun.  Like we're doing. 

D: Well, we aren't married and our sex life sure isn't dull.  It really is kind of fun to watch, though, isn't it?  Oh, yuckk!  I sure don't think that's fun to watch, those two women.  Oh, God, now they're kissing each other's pussy.  Do you think they really like that?	
J:  I suppose they're doing it for the camera, and because someone is paying them to pretend they like it.  Lots of women really do that, though.  Do you know about lesbians?

D: Yeah.  Some of my friends think our gym teacher is that way.  They call her a dike, or something like that.  One of the women was holding a plastic bullet-shaped thing, about eight inches long. What's that thing?
J:  (Laughing)  That's called a vibrator, Diane.  Ever heard of them?

D:  No.  What does it do?
J:   Um ...  it vibrates.  Most women think it feels really good on the clitoris or in the vagina.  It's used for masturbation or just for fun.  It's what's called a sex toy.  Would you like to try one?

D: Oh, I don't think so.  I've got you, Darling, and I can't imagine some plastic thing giving me pleasure like my Herman can.  John, that man has his finger up ......... well ........ in that lady's .........  er, bottom.  Oh, my God!  Are they doing what I think they're doing?
J:  (Laughing)  If you think he's fucking her in the ass, yeah, you're right.  

D: Why?  Did he make a mistake and get the wrong place?  Why doesn't she make him stop?  It must really hurt.
J:  (More laughter)  No, it's not a mistake.  It's called anal intercourse, and some women like it. Homosexual men make love that way, you know.  I guess it doesn't hurt if the person is on the receiving end is willing, used to it, and well lubricated.  Would you like to try it?

D: No way!  I think it would really hurt.  Besides, it's gross and disgusting.  We don't have to do that, do we?
