 There were about eight of us out at the pub together that night; five girls and three guys. It had started out as just me and my two buddies, but we'd met these chicks at the pub. First Tanya and Sarah, two gorgeous teens we'd never met before, and then three more girls we'd never met either had joined us. It was nearing sunup and we were all very drunk, loud and happy.

Yana, one of the girls, says to me, 'What girl, do you think, has the best arse in this pub, John?'

I sensed a somewhat loaded question, but I liked the tone of where it sounded like she was going. So I cautiously replied, 'Well I couldn't be quite sure since I haven't exactly seen all of them, now have I?'

Yana, clearly the ringleader, rallied the other girls, 'Wha'd'y'say, girls? Come on! Let's see those arses!' And she stands up on a chair in her skimpy, tight white tank-top, black wide-holed fishnet stockings and short black leather microskirt (which actually looked more like merely a wide belt) arches her back and bends her knees, thrusting out her arse for everyone to see to uproarious applause from us men. Her ass-cheeks were clearly sticking out from under her 'skirt' and I know I caught a glimpse of some skimpy hot-pink thong covering her pussy. 

'Next!' my buddy yells.

Sarah, who was also wearing a miniskirt, follows suit, even lifting her skirt up and momentarily flashing us her bare ass, her thong almost invisible up her deep ass crack to more applause!

Next Jessica does the same, then Tanya, and finally Amy, to the loudest applause you ever heard.

If it hadn't been so late, the other patrons passed out, making out in smoky corners, or mostly just went home by now, I'm sure we'd have been kicked out ourselves for this behavior. But, in fact, the bartended seemed to have disappeared altogether anyway.

'Well done girls... That was a good start,' Yana says, 'but when judging a girl's arse, surely one needs to take upkeep into account? Case in point: Honestly now, who here among us girls waxes her asshole?'

Shrieks from the girls! Some of them blushing.

'Which ones of us do you think does, John?' she asks me.

I hesitate slightly, 'From here, there's no way to tell, is there? I would certainly need to see for myself!'

And Yana gets up on the chair again, reaches behind her, and peels down her skirt, stockings and thong together just far enough to flash us her bare WAXED asshole!

We all go wild, and Sarah follows suit- another gorgeous girl's waxed arse-hole flashed to all us guys!

The other girls seem too shy (or perhaps just unwaxed) until Amy also gets up and flashes us her own waxed shit-hole!

The guys have all got massive boners by now, no doubt.

The girls, shitfaced and getting horny, are all giving us bedroom eyes and wriggling in their seats, their pussys, I suspect, all getting wet.

'Well, I should be off now,' my buddy says. 'Tanya, Amy, you coming?'

The horny trio leave arm in arm.

Sarah then says, 'I really should get going, too. Richy, Jessica, coming?'

Exit the next horny three.

That left just Yana and I.

'I didn't want to hurt anyone's feelings, but it's definitely yours, love, by a long-shot. The hottest arse, I mean,' I tell her.

'Good answer, baby,' she says quietly, leaning in to kiss me.

Her massive fake tits press into my chest, her nipples like bullets through her tank-top and small neon pink bra. Her fat pink lips taste like strawberry and her ass-length straight platinum blonde hair with bangs hangs down around us.

She guides my hand onto her tit as she slides her skirt, stockings and thong down to about mid-thigh, turns around and sits on my lap.

'I want you inside me!' she breathes, her huge mountainous chest heaving.

I free my cock and it responds to the touch of her warm, bare, waxed-smooth flesh.

'I fucking love a smooth pussy, baby,' I say in her ear as I reach around and feel her bare, drooling cunt with my hand.

A slight maneuver and my cock slides up her hot pink fuck-hole, about half way up the shaft.

'Oooooh!' she cooes, then whispers urgently, 'Fuck my pussy!'

I grip her bare hips and begin fucking my cock deeper in and out of her tight cunt. I pull her back and forth on my lap, her pussy enveloping my rod right up to the root each thrust. The slut is so fucking wet.

Finally she whispers, 'I wanna feel your cock up my asshole...' and leans forward, my cock coming out of her pussy. I guide it onto her waxed brown-hole and she slowly sits back down.

'Ooooooh!' she moans as her arse takes my dick about half way up into her shit-box. 'That's what I wanted!' she hisses lustfully.

'You dirty fucking girl, you want more?' I ask her.

'Fuck yes... Fuck my asshole... Fuck it hard!'

I grip her hips and slide my cock the rest of the way up her ass. Her gorgeous big ass cheeks feel so wonderful pressed onto my thighs, my dick buried up inside her shit-hole.

Some patrons are passed out at their tables, and at least one couple is fucking in a corner. Nobody's noticing us.

'Fuck my ass!' Yana urges loudly.

I begin fucking her ass hard. It's fucking heavenly! Drunken fucking lustful bliss!

I grip her tits beneath her tight bra and tank-top as I ram my dick in and out of her tight shit-box. She's yelling and bucking back into me, meeting my every thrust with her ass.

'Don't fucking stop, I'm gonna cum!' she says.

I get up, spin her 'round, and slide my dick back up her shit-hole standing up from behind.

'Oh yes!' she cries as I fuck her as hard as I can, her fake tits giggling beneath her with my every stroke up her ass... 

Until finally, 'Aaaaaaaaaah!' she cries, cumming and gushing all over her thighs, my balls, her skirt, stockings and thong.

'Suck my cock, you slut!' I cry.

She spins 'round and wraps her lips around my near-to-cumming shaft and sucks it for dear life. I fuck her lips like they were her asshole and blast a huge, hot load deep down her throat, and she drinks it all down. Spent, my dick super-sensitized from the orgasm, she doesn't stop sucking me, her miniskirt, stockings and thong still pulled down past her ass and pussy.

'Let's get out of here. I wanna fuck you someplace more comfortable,' I tell her as we pull our clothes back on.

'Me too, baby. I can't wait to feel your cock back up inside my holes...'

We leave hurriedly arm in arm, with purposeful strides.