 She was going mad. She loved her husband but six straight weeks of 16 hour days had left him far too exhausted to take care of her needs. She was getting desperate. It was an aching hunger, a fire between her legs that made her squirm in agony, longing for a really, really good fucking. 

She knew her place. She was 5'10" tall with a dancer's lithe body and beautiful legs. Her dark brown hair fell well below her shoulder blades in thick, luxuriant waves and her forest green eyes were captivating. Her husband had married her because she was beautiful...a perfect trophy. Her life was good—a brand new beemer, a huge house, vacations in Paris and Rome. A husband who deferred to her every whim out of guilt over his long absences. 

She wanted something...different. Something that wasn't so squeaky clean and lily white. She wasn't sure where she was going to find it but she knew it had to be done. 

But she didn't want to go about it the way that everyone else did—spending time in dirty smoke filled bars with drunken louts who pawed at the tits of any whiskey soaked whore who came their way. She was a lady. She wanted to be conquered by the secret beast. The man who wanted nothing more than to mount her and rut until he coated her womb with his seed—but controlled himself and just smiled as he walked by. A different, more subtle approach was needed. 

She tested various hunting grounds: the supermarket, the drug store, the pet store. Wearing various high hemlines and low necklines, she would find men who appeared to be single and catch their eyes. Once they noticed her, she'd make her way into their aisle and wait until they were along before bending over as far as she could to "look" for something on the bottom shelf, exposing dewy, puffy pussy lips that begged to be touched. Without fail, the men would stare, dumbfounded at her audacity and grateful for the show but none of them dared to approach her. 

Late one night, while her husband was away on another business trip, she'd realized she needed more vodka. Throwing on one of her short dresses, she headed down to her local grocery store for once not thinking of catching someone's eye. 

The grocery store was empty except for the female cashier and one older security guard at the back making sure underage drinkers didn't lift anything. Anna made her way to the Vodka aisle, keenly aware of the older gentleman's eyes on her sweet, young curves. Against her will, her pussy started to get moist at the thought of showing off for someone as she bent at the waist, the hem of her dress raising well above her juicy lips and giving the guard a nice peek. She could tell by his sharp intake of breath that he'd seen what she was offering up to him from down the short aisle and could hear footsteps coming up behind her. 

"Excuse me, Miss, he said, clearing his throat, "Can I help you find something?" 

She straightened up and turned around, making sure to look up at him with her huge, innocent looking eyes. Biting her lip lightly, she said "My husband's away on business and I...I just needed to something to make the time pass faster. Do you have any suggestions on a good Vodka?" She smiled arrogantly, her eyes dropping down to his quickly stiffening cock.

"Well, Miss, I have to be honest: they keep the best stuff in the back and put it out on Thursday's, for the weekend. If you wanna follow me, I can show you where it is and maybe you can grab a bottle for yourself." 

She looked back up towards the cashier and he answered her silent question. "She won't bother us—we don't have to close for another 3 hours. She has to stay up there and I have to stay back here. Most days, we barely see each other."

She liked the little hint of a pot belly he had and his greying, thinning hair. He was ordinary...not ugly, not gorgeous just...a guy. A guy who wanted to fuck her so badly, he was risking his job and, she thought, as she noticed his wedding ring, his marriage. 

He led her further back into the store, passed the dairy shelves and through the huge double plastic doors that led to the dark world of stacked boxes, concrete halls and exposed pipes that served as the backrooms. Right, left, straight, left, right...she followed him down a seemingly endless maze of hallways to a small room where cases of high quality Vodka sat on pallets. 

"Oh, thank you!" she said, throwing herself on him for a hug. He wrapped one arm around her shoulders and the other reached down and cupped her bare ass for a moment, kneading it quickly as if he just couldn't help himself. She pushed her ass into his hands intensely for a moment, feeling her entire ass cheek disappear in his big paw. "Ooooohhhhh," she whispered, just barely loud enough for him to hear. 

Wiggling out of his embrace, she walked a couple of feet into the room to the first pallet and hopped up onto the cases, spreading her long legs wide so that her open, wet, inviting pussy was at the perfect height for her security guard to ravage with his tongue.

"What do you want?" he asked, trying to figure out where the catch was.

"Do you think I'm attractive?" She asked.

"Yes"

"Are you married?" 

"Yes"

"How long?" 

"30 years"

"Do you miss young pussy? The sweetness of it? The danger of cumming inside a cunt young enough to still be bred—the cunt of a woman in her prime?"

He groaned and she watched as his cock strained against his uniform pants. She knew it had to be causing him discomfort but he just stood there, the truth of everything she'd just said shaming him.

"You want nothing more than to taste me, push my limits of pain and then pump string after string of your thick cum into my wet, waiting, fertile pussy. Isn't that right, you filthy animal?" she said, disdain battling with pure lust in her voice as her hands needed her tits and her pussy leaked her juices all over the cardboard she was sitting on. 

He looked embarrassed and shocked that she could see through him so clearly but he couldn't stop watching her and his cock only got harder. 

Turning onto all fours, she made sure the hem of her dress was pulled up over her shapely ass. Spreading her cheeks wide, she ran her fingers along her soaked slit. 

"Come here, Baby...come feast on the sweet, young pussy you've been denied."

He crossed the small room in two long strides, burying his face in her ass with such eagerness and hunger that she was thrust forward. His hands grabbed onto her slim hips as he pushed her opening rosebud onto his tongue, making her pussy drip and ache to be filled. 

Her whimpers alerted him to the aching emptiness and he obliged her by ramming two of his thick fingers up her hot, wet cunt, making her moan deeply in response. 

"Does that taste good, baby?" She asked, breathlessly

"Mmmmphhfff" he replied, lapping at her leaking cunt.

"Let me taste you, she begged as she pulled away from him, "I fucking love the way heavy balls feel In my mouth."

Scrambling down from the cases, she hit her knees and freed his huge, throbbing cock from his uniform pants. Reaching into the opening to cup his balls, she slowly wrapped her lips around his giant purple head, tasting pre-cum already.

He was so thick she had adjust the way she took him, inch by inch, into the back of her soft throat. He uttered a low, guttural groan in the back of his throat as he took long, measured thrusts into her waiting mouth, ceaselessly pounding his dick into her pretty lips while her innocent green eyes looked up at him. 

"What a filthy whore you are, he said, slapping her tits "Does your daddy know you're so dirty?" 

"No, sir, and neither does my husband. They'd never love me if they knew how badly I wanted to be used. What a whore I really am," she said. She'd removed his cock from her mouth long enough to tongue his balls while giving him a reply. 

"I'm going to fuck every hole you have," he grunted, grabbing her by her hair and hauling her to her feet. Pushing her against the wall of the dank back room and holding his arm against her to limit her movement, he drug his fingers through her pussy juices and, without any warning, jammed them both into her tight ass, causing her to squeal in shock and pain. 

He laughed cruelly and pulled his fingers out, then rammed them back in again. It hurt no less the second time and she sobbed with the pain of it while she felt his cock get even bigger with each sign of her helplessness.

The game had shifted on her—she'd lost control and she wasn't sure how...but she wasn't sorry. This is what she'd wanted. The beast. The cruel, vile animal that existed only to sate its lust and spread its seed. As she felt her ass stretch around his fingers, she realized through the dim haze of pain that his cock was slamming her cunt, the violent motions causing the juice from her dripping pussy to spatter across the cement floor. 

As the pain started to subside, the full feeling of having her ass and pussy filled began to drive her crazy with pure lust. Her body started shaking from an orgasm that swept over her in one overwhelming wave, causing her pussy muscles to clamp down on the guard's dick like a silky, juicy vice. 

The Guard couldn't hold himself any longer. He roared like a bull as he thrust deeply, one last time, into her dripping twat. His balls contracted as he painted her womb with his thick cum. She spread her legs as wide as she could, reaching around to grab his ass cheeks and push his spurting cock head into her cervical opening while he shoved his fingers as deeply into her ass as he could. 

Once his balls were drained, he pushed her off his cock. She collapsed on the floor in a sweaty, pussy juice soaked, cum covered ball of exhaustion. Her long dark hair was soaking wet and matted, her dress pushed up around her hips with her DD tits pulled up over the top of the neckline. Her lips were swollen, her ass still gaping. 

He grabbed her by her hair and shoved his cock into her waiting mouth. She sucked it softly, cleaning it thoroughly as it grew softer and softer in her mouth. Then she tongued his balls clean, lapping up her cum like a hungry kitten off his scrotum. 

"You're a disgusting whore," he said, buttoning his pants, "Get the fuck out of my store and don't you dare come back or you'll get more of the same...and I might tell your husband." 

"Yes, Master," she said, her pussy already getting wet again, at the implied threat. 

She'd be back very, very soon.