 "Mama!"

"Hey, Pablo, deed you have a good day? Hello, Meester Dave."

I looked up from where I sat cross-legged on the floor, helping my group of six-year-olds construct neat stuff from Legos. As usual, it felt silly to be playing with the kids when a parent came in-but that's my job.

"Good afternoon, Miss Lewis." I rose to my feet in one easy motion. Showing off, of course. "Ready to go home, Pablo?"

As the chubby youngster gathered his things, I turned again to the mother. "You're early today."

"Yes. I closed up the shop. No one ees een town."

Rosa Lewis owned a small tourist-trap store near the beach-knick-knacks, clothing, sun tan lotion. She was wearing one of her colorful, imprinted tee shirts now, tropical fish swimming around the swell of her breasts. Another divorced mom; I saw many of them in my position at the Y. Every other kid, it seemed.

"Mama, Mama." Pablo was tugging at his mother's hand.

"Yes, Pablo, what ees eet?"

"Bobby has a new soccer ball. Do we have to go now?"

"No, leetle one. You go play." She tousled his hair, scarlet nails bright on the dark fingers.

"Make sure the counselor outside knows you're there, " I reminded him. "You know the rules."

"Meester Dave, you run such a tight sheep!"

"Just call me captain," I joked in return.

"Does the captain have a mate?"

"Ah, no, Miss Lewis. Not at the moment."

"Oh, Captain Dave, you are sailing all alone? That ees no good," she laughed, "and my name ees Rosa."

Then her expression narrowed, thick lashes closing the curtain on the theater of her eyes. "But I also sail my own leetle boat now. Eet ees sometimes better, no?"

"I don't know, Rosa. Don't you get lonely?" We had seated ourselves on one of the low tables.

"For that peeg I married? I thank heem for getting me out of San Juan. Nothing else!"

"Not for Pablo?"

"Any man could do that! And better than heem, I theenk!" My slightly embarrassed look brought a smile to her. "I am too honest?" She placed one brown hand on my thigh as she asked.

What had already been stirring leapt to full-blown life. I immediately glanced across the room to see if Sue, my teenage assistant, was noticing us. No, she was with a bunch of busy young crayon wielding artists.

Next, I looked toward Rosa. "Hmm, my captain, I theenk also maybe you like me?" Her hand slid a bit further up my thigh, closer to the all too obvious bulge. "You would like to take a walk?"

I gave a quick nod. "Sue," I called across the room, "I need to have a conference with Miss Lewis. You're in charge here." 

"Shall we step into the hall?" I asked Rosa. There was no attempt to hide the eagerness in my voice.

"The prow of your sheep will lead the way!" she giggled. "Maybe, Dave, you should pull out your sheert tail? Here, I weel do eet." As she slowly untucked the front of my shirt, the fabric slid tantalizingly across my erection. "Oh, someone likes that!"

"Okay, I'm camouflaged. Let's get out this door." 

The hallway was empty. Without a moment's hesitation on either of our parts, we turned and fell into each other's kiss. My manhood throbbed against her hard stomach.

"Won't someone be coming along?" Rosa whispered.

"Probably," I whispered back. "Come with me." I took her hand and led her down the hall. "The supply room. Only a few of us have keys," I explained, unlocking the door, "and the rest are off duty." 

In she stepped, flipping on the light. "Not much room!" She turned to face me, arms reaching out to touch shelves on either side. "But eet weel do. I am not a beeg girl!"

I locked the door behind me, suddenly feeling self-conscious. What a time to get a case of the shys! But before I could turn around, I felt a pair of hands on my back, sliding down my sides, around my waist…down my pants.

"You do not wear the underpants?" She asked in mock surprise. Leaning close she whispered in my ear. "Me neither. Eet ees so uncomfortable!"

"This is pretty comfortable," I remarked as her breasts pressed into my back. Her hands strayed north, under my shirt. 

"Ooh, such nice abs! And you have the chest, too. Meester Dave has been working out."

"I do...work...at the Y, after all," I managed to get out. "Fringe benefit." I covered her hands with my own for a moment, then raised them to my lips before releasing them.

"Mmm," she said, stepping back, "eef I had you back een Puerto Rico I would show you off een an open shirt. All my old friends would be very jealous."

"Right now," I told her, as I turned, "I'm quite happy that we're right here. I think the whole world would be jealous of me at the moment." Into my arms I took her, kissing her forehead, her nose, her lips, her neck as she arched her head back, breathing deeply. Full, brightly painted lips brushed against my ear. I'd have to remember to wipe that off before going back to the six-year-olds!

Her fingers strayed to my fly, eagerly unzipping, reaching in to caress briefly. "I must...taste you," she gasped out, dropping to her knees. In a moment, my belt was undone and my chinos around my ankles. "Umm." Her tongue flicked across the end of the shaft, as one hand cradled my testicles. I stood even more to attention than before, pointing for the ceiling. "Umm...mmm...mmm...you...taste good...captain." She leaned back for a moment, to quickly pull her tee shirt up and off.

"The bra, too?" she teased, her dark eyes meeting mine. I nodded my yes. "Then you must also."

I did not hesitate to pull my polo over my head, standing naked before her--from the ankles up. Rosa's hands went behind her for a moment, and then her breasts found their freedom. The dark, almost black, nipples stood erect on their taut tawny mounds, like some marvelous chocolate confections on hills of brown sugar. I hungered for the exquisite mix of flavors they promised.

"Ah, Dave. Te quiero!" Her greedy mouth found my harder-than-hard penis, as her nails sank into my glutes. 

Shivers of delight ran through my body, feelings so intense as to be nearly unbearable. "I must have you, Rosa. I must be in you!" 

"But the floor, eet ees so deerty." 

"No problem," I assured her, drawing her up to my lips. Our tongues danced the merengue. "No problem at all. First, to get these out of the way." I unbuttoned her jeans and slid the zipper down. No, no underwear; but a marvelous thick bush grew upon her fruited plain. We both kicked aside the pants that hung around our ankles.

"Up we go!" I lifted her from the floor, my hands cradling her firm buttocks. With a deep sigh, she slid onto me. 

"Oh," she squealed, "thees I have never done! Can you hold me up long enough?"

"I'll try," I mumbled through a mouthful of breast.

Lithe legs wrapped around my lower back, arms wrapped around my neck, she leaned back and surrendered to my avid thrusting. I buried my face in her torso, raining kisses upon the smooth brown skin.

My lusty Latina expressed her arousal in a torrent of Spanish far beyond my capability to understand. But language did not matter; each could hear the unfettered pleasure in the other's voice. "Mas! Mas! Ah, mas rapido, Dave, mas rapido!"

I rapidoed the best I could. 

"I...have to go...down," I told her. Steadying myself with one hand on a storage shelf, I sank to my knees. With her feet now planted on the floor, we joined our rhythms, the primal rhythms of man and woman, until the call of the wild brought us both to shuddering climax.

For a minute or two we simply held each other, our exhaustion and our satisfaction complete. Then she slipped off of me, and stood there, her glorious glistening body illuminated by the naked light bulb above her. Lord help me, I felt myself again rising to the occasion.

Tilting her head saucily, she told me, "No time for that, my captain."

"No," I agreed rising to kiss her again. "We'd better get back. Here's one advantage of using the storage room." I took a roll of paper towels from a shelf. Hurriedly, we cleaned ourselves-and the floor-and dressed. 

I peeked out the door. "All clear, Rosa. Let's go...but first..." I wrapped her in my arms for one more passionate kiss.

"Now I have to clean you again," she scolded, wiping the lipstick from my face, "and do my leeps over." She pulled a tube from her pocket and applied a fresh layer of the bright orange-scarlet.

Sue had managed fine in my absence; my young assistant took her duties very seriously. It was nearly time for the last of the children in the afternoon program to go home and the half-dozen remaining were gathered around, listening to her read a story.

Pablo ran to his mother, ready to head for home. Than he looked at her, a puzzled expression on his little round face.

"Mama?"

"Yes, Pablito?"

"Why is your shirt on backwards?"