 "It's fucking bullshit," said Yasmine, slowly wanking her stiff cock to the pornography her lovely laptop computer was so kindly showing her. "Just 'cause they're 'sissies', which - by the way - fuck that, the whole kink has to be about taking 'alpha cock'?" she continued, haughtily emphasizing the phrase.

"Mm," replied Sarah, Yaz's cis roommate. She was laying on her front on the opposing single bed in the room they shared, her eyes glued to the book she was reading. "I can see it's put you right off your wank."

"I'm not saying it's not hot to see a girl craving cock," Yasmine replied, briefly using her free hand to brush the messy hair from her face. "I just don't get why she can't get her pipes greased without the whole thing having to be about someone's masculinity. Or even if they're a dude! Like, a guy in lingerie can get fucked by a big heavy cock just 'cause it fucking feels nice and they look hot, ya fuckin' prudes."

"If only there were other websites," Sarah sighed, rolling her eyes and trying to concentrate on her book.

"I'm already masturbating," Yasmine pumped, demonstrating her statement. "Besides, I like a nice daddy cock as much as the next girl, present company excluded of course. And like, look at this shit - wait, no, don't, I just - I want a mommy cock, I just want a thick, hard cock slamming into my ass while her big, fat titties push up into my back, fuck-"

Sarah made a mental note to find somewhere else to read.

"And like, her sweet old neighbour's there, sucking my cock, or maybe it's like some shy, nerdy pizza delivery couple, like they deliver pizzas together anyway so he's sucking my cock and she's spreading the pizza over me and then they all like shove me to the floor and start jerking off over the ruined pizza I'm covered in and, wait, fuck, hold on."

Sarah reached back and held up a box of tissues without once looking up from her book.

"Thanks babe," Yasmine remarked in appreciation before moaning loudly as she came into a fistful of tissues. "Ooh, come!" She licked off a glob of salty white sperm from her deep bronze wrist. "Fuck, okay, I should re-hydrate."

"What you should do, Yaz, is stick that cock of yours back in your knickers when everyone comes around later. And stop staring at my arse, you just came." Sarah snapped her book shut, got up and left the room.

"Wait, Sarah..." Yasmine quickly pulled her panties back up and followed her friend out into their kitchen. "I thought you were okay with, uh... my self-expression around the house?"

"I said I didn't mind it, and that was back when I didn't think you were just going to sit there and do it all month, since... Which he did because he's a total fucking idiot, and you deserve much better than him." Sarah stretched her arms out against the back of the chair she was leaning against, in tension.

"I just, I worry about you and I hope you're okay... But I also don't want you to walk into dinner on us tonight trying to suck your own nipples again, I can't put this off and Rebecca's going away next week, and we need to make the food..." Sarah shook her head, still stressed.

Yasmine sidled up behind her, feeling her cock twitch in a manner that made her briefly regret having so recently came. She looked up the back of her friend, the soft pants so easily pulled down, the white t-shirt hanging off her, revealing her fat, pink waist just so slightly...

"We could just order a pizza," Yasmine purred, her hands moving to massage Sarah's shoulders. "You could feed me a slice, dipped in your..."

Sarah spun around, angrily, her face scrunched up, stern and pouting with her red lips.

"For fuck's sake, Yaz! Are you ever going to stop being such a brat?" Sarah's eyes burned hot, the two women gazing at each other.

"... Only if you make me," said Yasmine, trying to control her breathing. She'd gotten the sense that Sarah had been getting frustrated with her lately, but it had only made her push harder.

"If that's what it takes..." Sarah shook her head. "Fine. You want this fat arse? You want to feel my mouth on your tits? On your swollen balls? 'Cause I fucking would, Yaz. You're hot as fuck. And if you're a good fucking girl tonight, we can try this out."

"We can... What? Sarah, are you being serious right now?" Yasmine stared into Sarah's eyes, confused.

"I might not be a pizza delivery couple, or whatever that is," replied Sarah, straightening herself down and trying to breathe normally, "But, yes. I am being serious. If you promise to keep yourself contained, and, if you're into it, then yes. I would like to have sex with you tonight."

"But... I mean, I know I like to tease you, but..." Yasmine stopped.

"And," Sarah continued, feeling a little intimidated as her initial adrenaline wore off, "I don't just mean you can't openly wank at the dinner table. I want you dressed, decently, and I want you on your best - no, I want you on -my- best behaviour. Understood? Just, do what I do."

Yasmine slowly eased back on to her right foot, and nodded. She briefly looked up in thought as she considered feeding her cock into the mouth of one of Sarah's friends, right here at the dinner table tonight while they were stuffed with food... Then paused, and looked down seriously to her friend.

"Sarah, I... I didn't know that you..."

"... What, thought about my friend in a sexual way? The friend that I let jerk off next to me, who leaves this place constantly stinking of come and who fucks herself everywhere? I caught you bent over the sink yesterday with a blue jeweled buttplug up your arse, jerking off into the bin. And you left the tap running. You think that's not going to have an effect on me?"

"It's important to stay hydrated! And I thought it would save on tissues. And I miss having a cock in my butt." Yasmine sighed.

"I'm quite aware of that, Yaz." Sarah went over to make Yasmine and herself a glass of water. "But there are other people out there who would love to put their penis inside of you, and have yours inside of them, and I don't think all this self-pitying and frustration is doing you any good."

Yasmine took the glass and had a drink. Sarah was right. She'd barely left the house in a while, having focused mainly on covering herself in come, and the thought of having other people around to talk to did sound appealing, in a slightly scary kind of way.

"... You're.. Thank you. Yes. I would like that very much." She paused. "Oh, what ever did I do to deserve you?" smiled Yasmine, shuffling up to hug her good friend.

"You were you. Plus you pay rent, and you're fun to hang out with," replied Sarah, hugging back. "You know. Between your sessions."

"My sessions, huh?" Yaz giggled, her cock twitching again at the physical contact and Sarah's sweet smelling hair. "I thought it was my... sessions... that got this prim and proper girl asking, begging me to fuck her? All pent up, shallow, ragged breathing, I could bend you over this table right now and fuck you until your friends walked in and you'd just be a moaning hot, wet mess of come."

"And who said it would be me getting bent over the table, Miss 'I Want a Cock in my Butt'?" Sarah shook herself, and freed herself from the hug. "But no. We both have to get dressed, and then you can help me clean in here. I don't know where you've been." 

Yasmine gasped. "I always clean up after myself!" Then, glancing quickly at the empty dessert bowl she'd left a long string of come dangling off the side of after tasting herself to see if all the pineapples were having an effect, added: "Eventually!"

Defeated, Sarah sighed, and without turning around responded. "Whatever it is you're looking at, we're chucking it out."

After the decision was made that Yasmine would clean up the kitchen properly while Sarah got dressed and ready, the day progressed relatively smoothly. Yasmine was a fairly decent cook when she wasn't tampering with the recipe, so she started preparing the ingredients for dinner and was just finished chopping when her friend re-entered the room.

Then, she instinctively flexed her almost-bare butt as she turned around, her mouth agape at the vision before her. She wasn't used to necessarily thinking of her roommate as a legitimate sexual prospect, though she had left a few streaks of come on some of her older pajamas before meeting her ex, as a subtle form of flirting. More recently she had only thought of Sarah sexually as an audience member, whose tone of beleaguered acceptance was all Yasmine required to push herself into orgasm, and in more self-reflective moments, the tacit approval she desired to continue punishing herself.

But this was... Different. The Sarah facing her in a strikingly dominant pose in the doorframe was clad in a red and black flannel overshirt, unbuttoned over a black t-shirt advertising some trashy rock band. Her short, undercut dyed-blonde hair framed a face with an expression of pure business. Her black pants were belted by... Well, she couldn't tell if it said butch or bitch on the buckle. She looked, well, like a woman Yasmine would let do very bad things to her.

A single drop of saliva dropped from Yasmine's open mouth, and past her fully thickened cock to the floor, moaning as Sarah walked past to pick up a banana, which she unpeeled and began to suck on.

"And... This is supposed to stop me jerking off?" She exclaimed, biting her lip and scrunching her toes, trying to keep her hands at her sides.

Sarah grinned, running her free hand down her side and smacking her own ass, biting into the banana and chewing. "Nope. This is to keep you all hard and worked up thinking about fucking me, and you're going to be the one stopping your own impulsive self from jerking off. After all you've been doing, I thought I'd allow myself some fun of my own. There may be more throughout the evening... If you behave, of course." Yasmine could almost see the riding crop in Sarah's free hand as she made her proclamation, before cupping the banana to begin sucking again, this time staring directly into Yasmine's eyes.

"Yes, Mistress." Yasmine teased, though she noted the look in Sarah's eyes at this response.

"Good. Now, I'm going to watch you shower in a minute, so that you don't try anything, alright?" Yasmine felt almost in pain as she heard this. She knew that since they were alone, it wasn't strictly part of the deal, but... In what world wouldn't she let Sarah watch her shower?

After a few minutes of hot, steamy humiliation as Yasmine bit her lip, bucked her hips and tried desperately not to jerk off her pre-come leaking cock under the pleasure of the harsh drops of water hitting her skin while she soaped herself and washed her hair, the young woman moaned. "My cock, I-I should wash m-my... My cock," she begged of her friend, who had been admonishing her for her lewd behaviour.

"Mm. And your arse hole, too. I'd been thinking about that." Sarah licked her lips, still looming from the doorway.

"I'll bet you have," thought Yasmine to herself, smirking and wishing Sarah would just hurry up and climb into the shower to come pin her down and deeply clean her, an event that was unlikely to happen.

"Ahem," corrected Sarah, noticing her roommate's cock twitching and bouncing uncomfortably under the water. "I'm not gonna stop you if you really want to do something, you know. If you fancy wanking on to the table, or into a clump of my hair, or my cheek, or otherwise turn my evening into Yaz's Fuck Night, there is very little I would do to stop you. And, if things work out, there may be situations in which this behaviour is encouraged. I want you to feel free to express yourself. In fact, I find your self-expression charming and deeply arousing."

Yasmine's nails practically clawed into her thighs as she tried to maintain herself at what she was hearing.

"However. I have made a request that tonight you shall behave in a proper manner. You shall act as I act. I intend to have a civil, engaged evening with my friends. After that, I intend to have an equally engaging night, in bed, or against any sufficiently stable surface, with the woman who was so kind as to do as I asked, when I told her to. Are we clear?"

Yasmine gulped, watching as Sarah put in her headphones and sat on the toilet with the lid down, pulling her pants and underwear down also before returning to scrolling on her phone.

"As such," Sarah continued with her eyes fixed on her device and her powerful thighs spread wide, "I am about to masturbate in a crude and debased manner, fingering my juicy arse hole, so that you may do the same. During this time, you will not be permitted to look at me, as this is of course a highly personal act. I suggest you indulge yourself immediately."

As Sarah began to watch her pornography and spread lubricant on to her fingers, presumably to press up against and explore her cute puckered, delicious asshole, Yasmine began masturbating furiously, one hand supporting her against the back wall of the shower. Her hand felt incredible around her cock, thick and aching for release.

She wondered if Sarah was watching her as she then pushed the side of her face and tits up against the cold tiles of the wall, wanking into one hand while using the other to push her soapy fingers up into her widening butt.

Her tongue started to lick the slimy, wet tiles in long, depraved strokes of her pink tongue as she lost herself in fantasy and sensation. The room started to smell pleasantly of fucking through the steam, the sound of Sarah's fingers pistoning in and out of her arse while she played with her clit just audible on the slapping offbeats of Yasmine's own vigorous dual self-pleasuring, with the water having been slowed down to a crawl early in the conversation.

Yasmine concentrated on the thought of spurting huge wads of come on to her masturbating roommate. Her fingers felt so fucking good. She could still hardly believe that this was happening. The thought of grabbing her hair and pulling her face down to spray a nice thick load of white cream on to her friend while they both continued a polite conversation with her guests... Maybe one of Sarah's friends would turn out to have a huge cock, and stuff it in her mouth while they sipped champagne and talked about books? She didn't really know what the evening was going to be like.

Maybe Sarah would get so sick of Yaz's lack of control that she would hulk out, grow huge muscles like in that Tamaki run, and chain her to the dining table to spank and fuck her silly in front of her and Yasmine's old friends and teachers, filling her debauched and debased ass up so tight...

Yasmine grunted and groaned as she came hard, splattering thick ropes of sticky come on to the wall and taps, before turning up the water to wash off properly.

Sarah looked up from washing her hands. "You done?" She said, with a practiced tone of indifference and slight disdain that made Yasmine want to slam her up against the wall and kiss her. For starters.

"Yeah, babe, I'll be out in a sec," replied Yasmine, trying to match the same air of aloofness while scrubbing her jizz off the bathroom tiles.

"Alright. And, Yaz, sorry if I was a bit much..." Sarah began, softer than before. "I just get this tingle in my cunt thinking about you... I know you need private time and stuff, though. I'll finish making dinner while you get dressed and ready? Take as long as you need! I know that... Getting you all ready to pop like this is fun, goddess knows your face gets so cute and, I'm looking forward to... To afterwards, but... I want you to have a good time tonight, too. Okay! I'll see you soon," She blew Yasmine a kiss as she left.

Yasmine felt her heart pounding as she smiled at Sarah, reaching out of the shower to grab a towel. She wasn't sure that she deserved the feelings she was having, but she was glad to have them all the same.

Yasmine sat down on her bed alone, having dried off a bit. For the first time, the idea of having to deal with interacting with other humans again was beginning to sink in, still processing the idea of her friend's sexual request.

She'd lost a lot of her friendships while dating, and kept her head down in most situations to avoid undue attention. There were still a lot of people she would talk to, mostly online, but few she would consider actual friends. Would this change things? Well, obviously, but... Would Sarah still want to be friends with her?

Sarah had always seemed to be so much better at this stuff. She would often start up conversations with dog owners, flower sellers, anyone who looked friendly. Once, Yasmine had watched her leave to go climb into the back seat of some parked SUV with a soccer mom she'd just met during half-time at a game. At a church!

"Sometimes, with a woman like that, you just know." That had been all Yasmine had been able to get out of her about it at the time, as they shared a joint together. Sarah did make her feel warm inside... And excited.

Yasmine finished getting dressed and ready, and sat for a while longer. She could do this. She hoped. The doorbell rang. Sarah buzzed them into the building, and then knocked on the bedroom door.

"Yaz? Is it okay if I come inside?" Sarah's voice was quiet and muffled outside the door.

Yasmine smiled. "Yeah, of course." She was sitting with her legs dangling off the edge of the bed, as Sarah entered.

"Hey," Sarah smiled back, her face feeling hot despite herself. "Wow, you look... Amazing." Yasmine was radiant enough before, but at her roommate's words, she beamed.

"Thanks," she tucked her black hair behind her ear and looked away, bashfully. "Um... You, uh, you were gonna ask me something?"

Sarah stepped forward, closer and closer to Yasmine. "Yeah, I was, uhh... I was just going to ask if you were still okay with joining me, I mean us, for dinner tonight? We were probably just going to talk, and play..."

Sarah's hand brushed against Yasmine's cheek, and tilted her head up by the chin as she leaned in closer.

"... Some..."

There came a sudden knocking at the front door.

"Fuck-damn-it!" Sarah stood up, letting her fingers slide up from under Yasmine's chin. "Argh!" She shook herself off. "But, yeah, you okay with coming in?"

Yasmine let her tongue hang out of her mouth, as she scowled at her roommate, putting her hands on her hips and making an extended fart sound, before replying "Yeah, sure" and getting up.

"Agh! So delicious!" drooled Rani, eating her food and accompanied by murmured appreciation from the rest of the table's guests - Rebecca, Sam and Claire. Yasmine smiled inwardly, happy to have helped feed people even if Sarah had ended up doing a lot of the work tonight.

"You two must have no trouble getting ladies back here," Rebecca added, looking Yasmine over in a manner that made her shift in her seat.

"Oh yeah," munched Sarah, glancing over at Yasmine to check she was okay with the conversation. "Me and Yaz always leave them satisfied."

"Filled and happy," blushed Yasmine.

Rebecca leaned back in her chair and bit her lip, causing a laugh from Rani. "Geez, Becky, you haven't been fucked lately, have you?"

"Ha!" Becky gave a high-pitched laugh, "No, no I have not..." again she glanced over at Yasmine. "I'm hoping next week's going to be the drought-breaker. The dawning of my rainy season."

"Oh?" Sarah asked, as Sam and Claire talked amongst themselves, eating.

"Yeah," Rebecca leaned in and slurped her drink through a straw. "I'm booked in on a cruise. I figure, who doesn't want to get laid on a boat? I'm not gonna have time to get sea legs, my heels are going to be permanently up in the air."

The table fell quiet, not sure how to react, until Rani burst out laughing. "A -cruise-?! That's been your big thing? Are you like, old?"

Rani gasped, horrified. "Are we old?"
