 It was one of those perfect summer days in the Northwest. Morning clouds giving away to afternoon sunshine with the temperature in the low 80's. My wife and kids left for the day on a field trip to the zoo. I had the whole house to myself. Of course most people would just sit on their arse and do nothing. Not me, I want to catch up on some much needed yard work.

I got started early. As I was picking weeds out of the bark dust, my next-door neighbor Kelly popped out of her house to do some yard work herself. Now Kelly is no beauty queen. She is a bit on the chubby side. Her best feature is her incredibly large tits. Any time she works in the yard, she wears tight licra shorts and a swimsuit top that barely holds those big guns in. I can't help but stare. I know she's caught me on a few occasions, but just smiles at me.

"Hi Brian." 

I hear as I try to pretend I haven't see her. "Oh, Hi Kelly."

"What are you doing home today," she asks. 

"I needed to get some yard work done, so I took the day off."

"Mary and the kids are at the zoo all day, so I should be able to get a lot done."

"What are you doing home today?," I ask. As she answers, I can't keep my eye off those big, beautiful tits. Oh what I would give to get my hands on those things.

"The same as you" I hear her say, drifting back to reality.

I've caught Kelly putting the garbage out on occasion in her robe. And when she sees me, she always crosses her arms to cover the bouncing globes. She appears conservative, but I've always heard, those types tend to be wild in bed.

We exchanged a few more words, and continued to finish our weeding. It was starting to get warm, so I decided to head in for a cool drink. Of course I asked Kelly if I could bring her a cold drink, hope she would say yes so I could get closer to her. She said no she was about done and heading in for a shower.

As I was walking in to the house, I try to picture her standing the shower, water falling across those big guns, down her body through her pussy on the shower floor. My cock was at full attention now. My family was gone, so I head up stairs to masturbate, watching one of the videos my wife made for me do her self with a vibrator. Just as I put the video in, the phone rang.

As I said hello, I could tell the person on the other end was crying. It was Kelly; she said that she slipped getting into the shower, and thought she may have broken her ankle. She asked if I could come over, help her get dressed and drive her to the doctor. Of course I said yes.

I stopped the video, just as my wife was fingering her wet pussy. I stuffed my boner in a pair of shorts, slipped on a shirt and sandals and race next door. I knocked on the door, and heard Kelly say, "Come in. I'm in the bedroom around the corner." I was still aroused from the picture of my wife fingering herself, because my cock was still hard and making a domed tent out of my shorts. As I rounded the corner and entered the bedroom, Kelly was laying on the bed naked with her foot elevated on a big pillow. I could tell she was embarrassed about being naked because she said, "I'm sorry you have to see me like this, I just couldn't put my clothes on by myself." I said, "Don't worry about." What I really wanted to do was thank her. I've wanted to see her naked for so long. Her tits were just I pictured them. Big areolas, about the size of a large juice can, and big thick nipples. Although she had semi-blond hair, her pussy hair was dark, and think just how I hoped it would be.

As I approached her ankle, I could see she was staring at my hard cock poking right at her ankle. I touched her ankle, and she moaned abit. I said, lets get you dressed and to the doctor. 

All the way to the doctor she thanked me. Every time we hit a bump in the road the big tits would bounce up and down, and my cock would spring to attention. She kept glancing at it and just smiled. Fortunately, she just twisted her ankle. 

When we got back to her house, I helped her inside to the family room couch. Of course, in the process of helping her, those big guns were rubbing against me and my cock sprang to attention once again. This time as I helped her down on the couch, it was just inches away from her face.

She said, your poor guy. That things been up and down so much today, it like riding in an elevator. "Are you going to go home and relieve yourself?" I was stunned. I said, "Ah…yeah."

"I noticed you were hard when you came into help me this morning. Were you masturbating when I called you for help?" How did she figure that out? I must have turned a few shades of red, because without saying anything, she said, "I thought so."

"Did my outfit this morning get you going?" She new I was embarrassed, so she said. "It's okay, Brian. I know you look at me when I'm working in the yard."

"I wear those close hoping you do look. It gets me excited as well."

I said, "Yes, you did get me going this morning."

"I love to look at your big tits. I fantasize what they looked like. And when I saw them this morning they were as beautiful as I thought they would be."

She said, "I'm glad you like them." Were you close to finishing this morning when my phone call interrupted you?"

Without thinking, I said, "No, I just started as Mary was…"

"Mary!! I thought you said she was at the zoo with the kids."

Embarrassed again, I quickly tried to come up with an explanation in my mind, but couldn't. Then I thought how she might react if I told her about the video.

"She is at the zoo. I was watching a video she prepared for me playing with herself."

Before Kelly said anything, I noticed her nipples harden against her shirt.

"What was she doing when I called?" 

"She was fingering her wet pussy." A little moan escaped from her mouth. Not thinking again, I said, "Would you like to watch it"

This time it was Kelly's turn a little red. Without letting her answer, "I said it's okay, it will be our little secret." 

She looked at my hard cock once again, and then directly at me and said, "go get it.."

I raced home and raced back. When I got there, Kelly had stripped naked and was sitting on the floor, leaning against the couch in front of the TV. Obviously, her ankle was feeling better. The site of those beautiful tits got me hard instantly.

She said, "Take off those shorts and let that thing out."

"Put the tape in the VCR and sit down next to me."

I did as she commanded. She reached for the remote and hit play. As Mary appeared on the screen, she started squeezing those big guns. As the video progressed, she asked me, "When does she finger her wet pussy?" 

I said, "pretty soon." With that, she spread her legs, and moved her hands slowly down to her pussy. As she spread her legs, I could tell she was getting wet as the juice from her pussy was glistening on her black mound. I couldn't help it, I started stroking my cock. I masturbated many times watching my wife bring herself off. But now I was watching my neighbor do herself watching my wife.

As the video moved on, Kelly started rubbing her clit more vigorously. Her moans became more audible. She kept wanting to know when my wife was going to finger herself. As she moved closer to orgasm though, her tone changed. Right before the scene arrived, she said in heated passion, "When is she going to jam her fingers into that sweet, little cunt of hers?" Just then, my wife starting fingering herself. The volume on the TV was so loud you could hear juices flowing as she finger-fucked herself.

That's all it took for Kelly. She jammed two fingers into her now extremely excited pussy and started to cum the same time my wife did. Her hips moving in rythum with her fingers, saying "YESSSS.. Fuck yourself MARY!!! "OH GOD, YESSSSS"

"Suck my Big Tits Mary!!" My wife wasn't there, so I took her place and started sucking and biting those big tits. Kelly said, "That's it Honey, suck on Kelly's big jugs." Still visualizing that it was my wife that was providing her pleasure, she came again saying, "I love your warm mouth on my big nipples Mary."

After she came back to earth, her eyes slowly opened, fingers still buried in her throbbing pussy, and look at me and said, "Your wife was fantastic…. 

She looked down at my hand around my hard cock, and realized I hadn't finished. "Would you like to finish on my tits?" Some pre-cum was glistening on the head. Kelly leaned over and licked it off. With that, I started stroking my cock. Another video of my wife started to play on the TV. I was faced towards Kelly and couldn't see it, however Kelly could, and by sound I new which one it was. I could hear the vibrator buzzing my wife's pussy, and Kelly started to get aroused again. When my wife uses her vibrator, it doesn't take her long to reach orgasm.

I was pumping faster, looking at Kelly's big, beautiful tits, listening to my wife moan louder. My balls were filling up fast and I was getting closer. My wife started cumming, and I couldn't hold out any longer. I heard myself say, "I'm going to shoot!!" 

I spurted three loads on Kelly's tits. What I hadn't realized was she pulled a large purple vibrator from under the couch and got herself off to my wife again. As I was shooting my spunk on her tits, she was saying, "GOD you have a beautiful pussy Mary." As she was having another orgasm. 

The afternoon had go by quickly, and it was almost 5:00pm. Kelly thanked me again for taking her to the doctor. I raced home, and reached the house just as the phone was ringing. I heard the familiar moans of my wife cumming in the background. Kelly said, "Thanks for leaving the tape." She said she would get it back to me tomorrow. Before she said goodbye, she asked if she could borrow our video camera...