 Once again, I found myself onboard an airliner on my way to Europe. This time was a little different because I wasn't flying with my wife Jane, but was flying with our friends Astrid and Axel who were returning home to Sweden. Axel just had his PhD in physics conferred upon him and was on his way to Uppsala, Sweden to take up a teaching post at the university there. I was travelling with them because I had promised to accompany them in order to buy a large house for their use and for ours whenever we visited.

Travelling with us were Judy and Shelly. Judy was on hand to deal with money issues and Shelly was along to give her a vacation. We were on a non-stop SAS flight from Chicago O'Hare to Stockholm Arlanda, riding in their business class section. I was sitting next to Shelly with Judy across the aisle working on her omnipresent laptop computer. Astrid and Axel were in the row in front of Shelly and I. Once we landed and got through immigrations and customs, we headed for the train that would take us into Uppsala. We caught a cab to our hotel and checked into our rooms. Judy, Shelly and I shared a room while Astrid and Axel did the same. The hotel was pretty nice and was located very close to the university. We dumped our bags and then Astrid, Judy, Shelly and I went for a walk, while Axel checked in at the university. 

During our walk, we went past a real estate office with a number of listings posted in their front window. Out of curiosity we stopped and perused the selections they had. There were a couple of homes listed that might fill the bill, but the office wasn't open yet. Noting where the office was, we continued our stroll and saw another realtor and perused their listings as well. They had 2 that looked promising too, so we noted their location as well. The 4 of us decided to stop in a coffee shop and have a cup and wait for the realtors to open.

At 10am, we wandered over to the first office and were greeted by a very pretty woman. Astrid explained what we were looking for and pointed out the listings of theirs that got our attention. The woman, whose name was Sonia, pulled up our choices on her computer and showed us a plethora of pictures for each listing. One, in particular, caught all of our eyes. It was a large house with a good deal of property and was located on the shores of a lake. The interior pictures all looked like the place was well kept and the rooms seemed to be fairly large. The only issue was that the house was about 10km away and Astrid and Axel didn't have a car.

We told Sonia that we had just arrived from the US and were in no state to look at houses, but told her we would be ready tomorrow morning at 10am if that worked for her. She said that would be great and said she looked forward to helping us. When we left Sonia's office, I explained what went on to Judy and Shelly, since the whole conversation had been in Swedish. Judy said, "That lake house looked absolutely perfect! We should buy a car for Astrid and Axel as well since they have very little in the way of cash."

I laughed and said, "They'll put up a huge stink, you know."

Judy laughed and said, "I know, but they won't have any choice!"

We grabbed some lunch at a small restaurant and then walked around for a while longer until we started yawning with fatigue. We headed back to our hotel and lay down for naps. Judy and I climbed into one of our two beds after we had stripped our clothes off and Shelly made to lay on the other bed. When Judy saw that, she said, "Shelly, come lay with us. We like having other's in bed." Shelly smiled, stripped her clothes off and climbed onto our bed. Judy insisted that Shelly should be in the middle and then we fell asleep.

After several hours of glorious sleep, I was awakened by some movement on the bed. When I opened my eyes, I saw Judy and Shelly in a 69 with Shelly on top. I, kind of, chuckled to myself because this was the sort of thing that would have happened if Jane was here. With that thought, I found myself missing my beautiful wife and made a note to myself to text her later on. When I had sat up, Judy noticed and told me to fuck Shelly. I was hard from watching these two beauties making love together, so I got up on my knees, crawled over behind Shelly and slowly shoved my cock into her hot, wet pussy.

Shelly groaned loudly as I sank my cock into her depths. She felt good wrapped around my erection, as I slowly thrust in and out of her with long sensuous strokes. Before long, Shelly had her first orgasm as she groaned into Judy's pussy. I was starting to feel my own climax begin to build up, so I began to increase the pace with which I was thrusting into Shelly's honeypot. After another few minutes, I cried out, "OH FUCK, I'M CUMMING!" as my seminal fluid began shooting into Shelly. When my orgasm had run its course, I rolled off to the side of the two women and began recovering from my effort.

Judy, once I had moved, began to suck my goo from Shelly's pussy causing Shelly to have another orgasm. When Judy had finished with her, Shelly asked, "What do you guys do for an encore?"

Judy laughed and said, "You'll just have to wait and see. I'm sure we can come up with something to tickle your fancy!"

I decided to take a shower and discovered our shower was quite small. It would be a struggle to get two people in it at the same time, let alone three. Shelly got in with me, so we tried to make the best of it and scrubbed each other. When we finished, Shelly hugged and kissed me and said, "Thank you for convincing me to come along. Do you think we will have any time to explore Stockholm?"

"We will make time for you," I replied. "It is a marvelous city and we should go see our friend Nils while here."

After Judy finished her shower, we met up with Astrid and Axel in their room to see about dinner. We decided to just eat in the hotel restaurant so we wouldn't have to go back out into the cold. Astrid was telling Axel about some of the houses we had perused while at the realtors in the morning and that we had a 10am appointment to go view some. Judy pulled up the realtor's web page and showed what we saw to Axel. He really liked the lakefront house but was concerned about the distance from town. So, Judy told him about our conversation about buying a car and she got the expected negative reaction from our 2 friends.

Finally, I reached over and took one of Axel's hands and one of Astrid's and said, "Look, you two have been in school for how many straight years now? In that time, you haven't really had a chance to make any sort of meaningful money. Jane and I happen to have more than we need and you two are our best friends and we want to share. So, we will be buying you a car! We will be buying you a house! And, we will be furnishing that house! We want you to be comfortable and not to have to struggle to make ends meet. Okay? We love you and want to help you as much as possible."

Astrid smiled and said, "Axel, Tony has a point. We have nothing at the moment and it would take us a long time to be able to buy anything. Besides, I don't think Tony, Jane or Judy will let this rest. So, I vote for letting Jane and Tony buy us these things and then later, when we are able, repay them in a way that will be acceptable to them in the future. Okay?"

Axel looked at his wife, shrugged and said, "Well, I don't think we have much choice, so let's make the best of this."

We all smiled and decided that we would concentrate on the house first, then a car second and then furniture. After dinner, we all retired to our rooms as the jetlag hit us. The two beds we had were a bit smaller than what Judy and I were used to, but we decided to try and sleep with all three of us together. Again, Judy insisted that Shelly should be in the middle between she and I. I kissed both women good night and fell asleep fairly quickly.

The next morning, I woke up fairly early, so I took my iPad out into the hallway with a chair and called Jane via facetime. It was about 10pm at home when I made the call. Jane answered quickly and had a huge smile on her face as she said hello. She was in bed with Lily as we spoke. I told Jane everything we had done the previous day and how Judy and I talked Astrid and Axel into accepting our gifts. Jane agreed with me about buying a car and furniture for our Swedish friends and she agreed that the lakefront house sounded really nice. She told me they were expecting between 1 and 2 feet of snow overnight in Chicago. 

After a while, Judy poked her head out into the hall saying she thought she heard me out there. She said 'hi' to Jane and Lily and returned to the room. I told Jane and Lily I loved and missed them and she repeated the same sentiments to me as did Lily. We hung up and I returned to our room. I reported what Jane had told me to Judy and Shelly as they got up. As the two got dressed, Astrid and Axel came to our room and then we all went to breakfast together. 

I reported to Astrid and Axel about my conversation with Jane and then we chatted about what we were going to do today. Axel said that he didn't have to report back to the university until the following week, so we had time to take care of all of their needs. At 10am the 5 of us showed up at Sonia's office ready to look at houses. Sonia seemed a little taken aback by how many of us there were but she said her car could handle us all. 

The first place we saw was on the edge of town. It was an 'L' shaped two story with 5 bedrooms. It was very nice with a great kitchen, so we thought it might be a possibility. The second place we looked at was older and had a shape like a barn in the Midwest. It was out of town with other houses spread out quite a bit, but Astrid didn't care for it, so we moved on. The third place was much more modern and had an attached garage, sauna and 5 bedrooms. This one was my favorite so far.

The last house we were going to visit was the one on the lakefront. The location was fantastic, but the design of the house was a little odd. The kitchen was small and narrow, but it had great appliances. With a little work, the place could be made great. There was a great deck overlooking the lake, a nice sized pier, a small out building that was designed for visitors and a lot of trees surrounding the property making it very isolated. Astrid liked this one the best and thought it would be a wonderful place to raise children. Axel liked it as well because it was quiet and remote.

As we drove back into town, the 5 of us discussed the merits of all the places we saw and the lake house seemed to have everyone's vote as their favorite, though I was still holding out for the third place. When we got to the office, the decision was made to purchase the lake house. I told Sonia that it was the one we wanted and asked her what the next step was. She replied, "What would you like to offer?"

I replied "We will offer the asking price because we are in a bit of a hurry. Have there been many other offers?"

"No," Sonia replied, "They have lowered the asking price a couple of times because nothing was happening. I'm pretty sure that they will accept your offer. They aren't exactly desperate, but they would like to be rid of it."

"Okay! Let me give you my cell number and you can text me when you hear back."

As we left Sonia's office, I told Astrid and Axel that they would need to buy local cellphones, so let's do that now and then, after that we will get you a car. I was thinking we should get you a Volvo XC90 because it is made in Sweden, it will have all wheel drive and will seat 7 if necessary.

As we drove back to the hotel in Astrid and Axel's new car, Judy kissed me and said, "You are a real dynamo when you get going! You accomplished in one day something that would normally take a week."

I laughed and said, "Well, I want to make sure that Astrid and Axel are well situated before we leave. It's easier to buy things while we are here than it is from home."

It was pretty early in the evening, but we were all hungry because we had missed lunch. We decided to eat in the hotel restaurant and while we were eating I got a text from Sonia that said the owners of the lake house had accepted our offer. Astrid was very happy with this news, so she got up, kissed me, kissed Judy and then hugged and kissed Axel. "I'm so happy! I wish Jane was here with all of us, she would have loved the place."

I had emailed her a bunch of pictures and right on cue, she texted that she liked the lake house best. I told everyone what she said and told her that our offer had been accepted. Jane texted back that she was excited for Astrid and Axel and that I was to make sure that the house was furnished adequately before we left.

Next, I got another text from Sonia saying that she had managed to expedite the closing and that it would be completed tomorrow afternoon at 2pm. I announced that Sonia had texted with the closing information, so Judy asked Axel if they had a bank account in Sweden, and he said he had one with Svenska Handelsbanken that was still open. He gave Judy the account number and then she got her computer out and notified one of our banks that they needed to make an immediate wire transfer to the tune of 1.5 million Swedish Krone to Axel's account. When she had finished, Judy said, "Tomorrow, we will go to the Svenska Handelsbanken and you can have a certified check drawn up for the closing. You will then be a home owner!"

Axel got up, walked over to the bar and bought a bottle of Absolut Vodka and brought 5 shot glasses. He filled the glasses and gave each of us one and holding his own up said, "Here's to the best friends anybody could have! To Jane and Tony! Skål!" We all yelled Skål and then knocked back our shots. Astrid then stood and toasted Judy for being so efficient and we drank again. Axel then stood and toasted Shelly for being so beautiful. I toasted Astrid and Axel for being wonderful friends and on it went until we killed the bottle. We were all pretty drunk at the end, so I paid our bill, and bought 5 one liter bottles of water and we all drifted up to our rooms. 

When Judy, Shelly and I got to our room, Judy immediately pulled Shelly into the bathroom with her. I sat on one of the beds and tried to text Jane on my phone but was struggling mightily due to my inebriation. The moment I hit send, Judy and Shelly came strolling out of the bathroom stark naked with lust in their eyes. Judy walked up to me, took my phone out of my hands, bent over and kissed me passionately. I was feeling pretty horny, as well, due to the vodka and returned Judy's kiss with passion of my own. When she broke the kiss, Judy handed me a tube of KY and said, "Shelly and I are really horny and we want you to fuck us into a jelly!" 

I stood up as the two women began stripping my clothes off me while taking turns kissing me. When I was naked, Judy said, "I'm going to eat Shelly while you fuck me and then, if you are able, you will fuck her. So, Shelly, get up on the bed and lean against the headboard!" Shelly did as she was told and leaned up against the top of the bed and spread her legs wide for Judy. Judy crawled up between Shelly's legs and began eating her lustfully. I took that as my cue, crawled up on the bed, positioned myself behind Judy and rammed my cock deep into her hot, wet pussy! Judy moaned loudly into Shelly's pussy as I began stroking into her.

After a minute or two, I told Judy to give Shelly the 'Lily treatment' and handed her the tube of KY. Shelly looked at me quizzically for a moment until she felt Judy's lubed up fingers and hand penetrating her pussy. When Judy had her fist all of the way into her, Shelly began screaming "OH FUCK! FUCK ME HARD WITH YOUR HAND! FASTER! HARDER!" Judy was punching her hand in and out of Shelly's pussy while I pounded Judy's pussy hard. After a little while, I began pushing my fingers into Judy's asshole as I fucked her. Judy had her first orgasm of the night and it was a huge one as she soaked my leg with her girl cum.

When Judy's orgasm mellowed out, I told her to hand me the KY. When I got it, I pulled my cock from her pussy, lubed up my erection, squirted a bunch into Judy's asshole and then plunged my cock into Judy's backdoor and began plundering her perfect ass. Judy groaned loudly and cried out, "FUCK MY ASS HARD TONY!" Judy had another orgasm and at the same time Shelly had her first of the night. I peered around Judy and watched as she fisted Shelly fast and hard.

When Shelly heard Judy cry out for me to 'fuck her ass', Shelly cried out for Judy to do the same thing. I had thrown the tube of lubricant next to Judy, so she grabbed it, pulled her hand from Shelly's pussy as Shelly pulled her legs back and then Judy began working her hand into Shelly's rosebud. When Judy had embedded her fist into Shelly's rectum, Shelly screamed, "FUCK MY ASS, JUDY! OH, MY GOD, I'M FUCKING CUMMING AGAIN! PULL ALL OF THE WAY OUT AND THEN PUSH IN AGAIN!" Judy did as she was asked and began pushing in and pulling out of Shelly's anus very quickly. I could see Shelly's eyes rolling up into her head as she had, yet, another climax.

After 20 or so minutes of fucking Judy's ass, I could feel my own orgasm begin to rear up in my loins. I cried out, "I'M CUMMING!!", just as I released my seed into Judy's bowel. My cock began pulsing as my spunk began filling Judy's beautiful derriere. When my climax calmed, I pulled out of Judy and fell to the bed wheezing and gasping for air. I looked over to Shelly and saw that Judy was still fist fucking Shelly's ass while Shelly had 4 of her own fingers in her pussy from her right hand and was strumming her clit with her left. A couple of moments later, Shelly let loose with a scream as she orgasmed, shooting her girl cum all over Judy's arm and face.

When Shelly's climax faded, she begged Judy to stop fisting her and slumped down with her legs spread wide. After everyone got control of their breathing, Judy said, "Jane isn't the only one who gets horny when drunk!" The three of us laughed as I passed out the bottles of water I had purchased. After I had finished my water, I went to the bathroom to brush my teeth and relieve myself as I did every night. When I returned to the bedroom, I was surprised to see Judy and Shelly in a 69. I was wiped out and the effects of the alcohol were wearing off, so I lay down on the other bed and watched the 2 women pleasure each other until I fell asleep.

Sometime during the course of the night, Judy and Shelly got into bed with me while I was asleep. It felt nice to have their two warm bodies against mine as I woke up. I had a little headache from the vodka, but didn't feel too bad except for having to pee. I managed to get out of bed without disturbing the other two and grabbed my phone in order to email Jane and describe the night Judy, Shelly and I had. A while later I got a text from Axel asking if I was awake and if I would like to join him for coffee in the breakfast room. I replied that I did, got dressed, left a note for Judy and Shelly and made my way to the breakfast room.

I asked Axel how his head was and he laughed saying he was a bit hungover, but not as bad as it could have been. He told me that Astrid was a wildcat last night and fucked him into a coma! I told him what we got up to in our room and said, "That vodka is dangerous! Wait until Jane gets a snoot full! So, are you excited about owning your first home?"

Axel laughed and said, "I don't really think of it as my home since you are buying it."

It was my turn to laugh as I said, "Well, your situation isn't so different from the one I had with our house. Jane's parents bought our house and then deeded it over to us. I know it feels a little weird, but all of this is for all of us. It gives you and Astrid a place to live and it gives us a place to come visit you. The money isn't a big deal, really, because we didn't earn it and we like to share with our friends. So, if you don't want to think of it as your home, at least think of it as our home as in the collective 'our' of our family."
