 Ana was young, beautiful, intelligent, ambitious... and married. She grew up in Hungary and had come to the US on a scholarship to study economics. One summer she worked for me as an intern while she was finishing her Master's degree. She went back to Hungary after finishing her degree but married an American two years later and returned to live in the US. 

I was a rising executive at a large technology company and was sent to run our European operations shortly after Ana returned to the US. She was working as an analyst at a small research firm but really wanted to work for my company because she knew the money was better. She sent me e-mails on a regular basis asking about possibilities and people I knew. 

I met her for drinks one night at the hotel I was staying during a trip to the US. After catching up on events we discussed her career. I was trying to explain to her how she could search for openings on the company internet. She said she had tried but could not figure out how to find the specific jobs in her field. One thing led to another and we ended up in my room with Ana seated at the desk in front of my laptop and me behind her leaning over her shoulder.

At just the right moment when I was leaning over further than normal to point out something on the screen Ana turned her head to look at me. He big brown eyes locked on mine. She looked at my lips and then back to my eyes. I am not sure who made to first move but our lips somehow found each other. The kiss was gentle but lasted much too long for two people who were married and not to each other. 

I finally pulled away. I told her I was sorry and suggested that we should leave but I made no effort to move away from her. Ana did not reply. Instead she moved her lips back to mine and kissed me again. This time the kiss turned into something more daring. Our lips parted and our tongues mingled. Somehow Ana moved around in the chair so she could put an arm around my neck. She pulled herself up until we were both standing and kissing. 

My hands slipped around her narrow waist. Ana pressed her body tight to mine. I could feel her pussy against my thigh and was quite sure she could feel the hardness growing in my pants. Somehow our entwined bodies turned and slid the few feet towards the bed. Ana pulled me on top of her as she fell backwards onto the mattress. 

There was a brief flash of consciousness that told me I should stop this now before we both did something we would regret, but that passed very quickly. Instead I found my hand moving under the silk top that had pulled out of her tight black pants. My fingers moved up the smooth skin of her stomach and then under the cup of her bra. Ana was small by most standards so I was easily able to cover her soft swell with my hand. I squeezed the tender flesh and traced the puffy cap and hard tip of her nipple. She moaned when I pinched it between my thumb and forefinger. I moved to her other breast and did the same thing. 

I pulled away from the kiss and looked into Ana's sexy eyes while I was feeling her tits. She bit her lower lip and squirmed her pussy hard against me. I shifted until my hard cock was pressed to her mound and rubbed the length up and down against her. A gentle "yes" emanated from her lips. I rolled onto my back and pulled her on top of me. We continued to dry hump and I continued to squeeze her tits. My other hand slid around to the cheeks of her nicely rounded ass. 

Ana's bra and top had pushed up over her tits from my explorations. Ana broke our kiss and quickly pulled them both off. Then she helped me remove my shirt until we were both naked from the waist up. Her warm and naked flesh pressed against me when our kiss resumed. I slid my hand down her back and slipped it under the waistband of her black pants. My fingers went inside her panties and massaged the creamy texture of her rounded cheeks. 

I was exploring the crevices and texture of her derriere when I realized that her hand was rubbing the bulge in my pants. She shifted in a way that allowed me to slip my hand down the front of her pants. My fingers slid under the band of her panties and through the soft curls covering her sexual treasures. I felt the warm wetness of her seepage when I touched the fleshy lips protruding out from the gash of her womanhood. 

Ana gasped and whispered "yes" when I touched her moist petals. Her hand remained on my hardness. She was squeezing it with her fingers through the material of my trousers. My middle finger found her opening and pushed inside. Next I slipped my ring finger into her pussy alongside my other finger and twisted both around against the smooth walls of her cunt. Ana squirmed against me and whispered "yes" again and again between her moans of pleasure.

Juices seeped from her body coating my fingers and hand. I thrust them in and out of her pussy. Ana lifted her ass off the bed and bucked against me. I noticed that her hands were now pinching her nipples. He moans and gasps were becoming more erratic. I moved my dripping fingers to her clit and rubbed hard and fast. 

Ana bit down on her lip and arched her back. Her body stiffened and then bucked and jerked. A squeal escaped from her throat and then another. I rammed my fingers back in her cunt and dug them up against the pelvic bone. She was shaking uncontrollable. A loud shriek pierced the air. Ana grabbed my arm digging her fingers into my flesh. She cried out "no more... please" and pulled my hand from her pussy. 

Ana was on her back breathing hard. I rolled over beside her. I was tempted to lick my fingers clean but for some reason I was afraid she would think I was weird. After a while Ana rolled onto her side and threw her arm across my chest. She nuzzled her lips into my neck. Neither of us said anything. I was afraid that the session was over and I would be left with a cock about to split out of my trousers. That was when Ana shoved her tongue in my ear and slid her hand across my stomach to the throbbing bulge in my pants. 

I watched Ana crawl up on her knees and unfasten my pants. My throbbing cock sprang to attention when she freed it from its prison. Ana wrapped her small hand around the pulsing girth and stroked it with a tight grip. From the way she was aggressively stroking I figured I was going to get a good hand-job as payback for my digital performance on her pussy. My balls were filling. It wasn't going to take long. 

My eyes were closed. I had visions of Ana riding my cock and screaming obscenities. I was getting closer and closer. Suddenly her hand was gone. I opened my eyes and watched Ana slide her lips down my hard meat. She paused briefly to adjust to my thickness before continuing her journey down my length until her lips were pressed against my pubes. She held me deep and massaged me with her throat sending incredible ripples of pleasure through my body.

Her cock sucking skill surpassed any I had personally experienced. She attacked my cock aggressively but methodically using her lips and tongue to stimulate all the right nerve endings. Sometimes she would take me deep, sometimes she would bob up and down and sometimes she would concentrate on the sensitive knob sending shivers of ecstasy to each nerve ending. Ana knew exactly what she was doing each step of the way. She kept me on edge. Each time I was about to erupt she choked the cum back into my balls and licked the small dribble from the tip. 

I had my hands on the back of her head fucking my cock in and out of her mouth like it was a cunt. She was sucking and slurping in perfect rhythm. Spit drooled from her lips and dribbled down my shaft until my pubes were soaked. Her fingers rubbed my scrotum while her tongue was rolling over my crown. This time I knew she was going to let it happen. Just before I erupted Ana stopped bobbing her head and clamped her lips tightly around my shaft. Her fingers pressed against a spot under my balls that seemed to propel a wave of cum up through my shaft. 

I felt my cock swell. I thrust up into her mouth. A surge of intense pleasure gripped my entire being as blood pounded through my veins. The explosion was equally intense. A river of cum surged steadily from the tip of my cock and sprayed into her waiting mouth. A second and third surge eased the throbbing in my balls but I was far from finished. Several smaller spurts pumped through my swollen meat until I thought I was drained. Ana did something with her fingers and suddenly more cum was shooting out of my cock until at last there was nothing left. 

When I finally opened my eyes my spent cock was still in her mouth. Cum was drooling from her lips down my shaft and over my balls. Her eyes were fixed on mine when she pulled her mouth from my wilting member and looked down at me with cum drooling from her lips. Then she closed her eyes and swallowed. Next she went to work cleaning my cock and balls. When she was finished she snuggled up next to me and asked if I had enjoyed it.

"Of course I enjoyed it, Ana, but I think we let things go too far. I'm sorry because it is my fault. I hope this wan't affect our friendship."

"Don't be silly. We didn't do anything wrong or anything that we both didn't want to do. Besides, we didn't really have sex. Of course we'll still be friends."

And that was about all that was said. She pulled her clothes back in place, went into the bathroom to clean-up, reminded me to check on that job opening and then left. We kept in touch by E-mail but the "incident" was never mentioned. It was always about job openings or notes wishing a happy holiday. 

Five months later I had my next trip to the Washington. We agreed to get together for dinner to catch up. At dinner we talked about what we had been up to and potential job opportunities. She asked about my wife and I asked about her husband. I noticed Ana drinking more wine than normal and just picking at her food. After dinner we walked back to the hotel and had a drink in the bar. Ana was acting a little silly. She put her hand on my arm and looked at me with a playful twinkle in her eyes. 

"Do you remember the last time when you showed me how to find jobs on the computer? We were a little naughty, weren't we?"

"Of course I remember. In fact I think about it all the time. Do you?"

"Yeah... sometimes. Right now I have to pee. Can I use your room?"

I had a feeling this was going to lead to more than Ana emptying her bladder. I paid for the drinks. In the elevator she hooked her arm around mine and put her head on my shoulder. When Ana came out of the bathroom she flopped down on the bed and said she was feeling a little dizzy. She rolled onto her back with her skirt riding up her thighs and her left knee bent. She looked up at me with a sexy smile. 

"Can I stay for the night? It takes an hour to drive home and I'm in no condition."

"What about your husband?"

"Oh, don't worry about him. I stay over from time to time when I'm working late. He doesn't mind. I already told him I might not be home tonight. So can I stay? Besides, it might be fun." 

Ana pulled her left knee up spreading her thighs apart and forcing the skirt higher. She stretched an arm over her head and motioned me to join her. I had a feeling this time we would go well beyond the blowjob I had received last time. I climbed onto the bed. She put a hand behind my neck and pulled my lips to hers. I fell on top of her. Ana wrapped her arms around my neck and shoved her tongue into my mouth.

The kiss was hot and passionate. It was like we were desperate and in a hurry. Ana pulled up my shirt and helped me take it off. I unbuttoned her blouse. We rolled over on the bed until she was on top of me. Straddling me, Ana quickly shed her blouse and bra, and then fumbled with my belt and zipper. I helped her unfasten my pants and then kicked them off. 

Ana wrapped her hand around my cock and stroked me a few times before she swung her leg over me. Her skirt rode up over her ass and I could feel the soft curls of her pubes rubbing against my cock. That was when I realized she must have removed her panties when she was in the bathroom. I also realized we were going to skip the foreplay and get right down to business. After rubbing her pussy back and forth across my cock I felt the head sliding between her juicy cunt lips. She moved until it was against her opening and pulled away from our kiss to look into my eyes. 

"Fuck me," she said as my cock slid up into her cunt. 

My hands moved to her creamy cheeks and guided her fucking motions. Ana moved against me. She squeezed my cock with her well trained cunt. Her lips mashed against mine and her tongue shot into my mouth. Moans of pleasure escaped from her throat. I could feel the swell of her naked tits press into my chest. We moved in unison fucking each other in long strokes. My cock slid deep into her cunt each time she impaled herself on my length. She was wet with passion. I could feel it seeping from her pussy down my length. 

We rolled over until I was on top of her. Ana pulled her knees back by her ears lifting her pussy into the air until my cock was plunging straight down into her body. The fingers of our hands intertwined. I pounded into her hard and fast. She was looking up at me with lust in her eyes. 

"Fuck me... uh uh uh... fuck me... yes... harder... uh uh uh... fuck me... oh oh... yes... yes... so deep... mmmmmpppphhhh..."

Ana pulled her hand from mine and shoved it between our bodies. Her fingers rubbed her clit in rapid circles while my cock continued to plow into her pussy. Her eyes had a wild and desperate look. My balls smacked wetly against her asshole coated with juices pouring out of her pussy. Suddenly she threw her head back. Her face tensed. Her hand clutched my arm tightly with her fingernails digging into my skin. A scream pierced the air and then another. My cock slammed deep into her gushing cunt again and again until she could no longer take it. She pushed me off her before I could cum. 

Ana snuggled up to me to catcht her breath. Then she slid down my chest and stomach and slipped my slimy cock between her lips. She wiggled out of her skirt and swung a leg over my head, lowering her dripping pussy to my face. I could feel the soft curls against my lips when I plunged my tongue into her honey-pot. I licked and slurped the sweet nectar from her pussy while she used her considerable oral skills on my cock. 

I used both my fingers and my tongue to stimulate her. I pressed a fingertip against her asshole and she moaned a "yes" letting me know she liked it. I pushed the tip inside and then more of my finger. My tongue was licking her clit while I fingered her asshole. I could tell Ana was getting more and more excited from her gasps and moans and the way she was humping my face. When she came a small gush of pussy juice actually squirted into my mouth. 

Ana spun around on top of me. We kissed and shared the taste of her passion. My cock slipped back into her pussy and she fucked me slowly while our tongues mingled. By this time my balls were swollen and ready to explode. Ana kept me right on edge eventually pulling off me when she sensed I could not hold back much longer. 

"Do me from behind. I like it that way."

Ana scrambled to her knees with her legs slightly spread and her ass tilted in the air. The view from behind was magnificent. Her swollen pussy hung between her legs with the pink lips of her cunt peeking out of her juicy gash through a forest of dark curls. Just above her pussy was the nub of her dark brown asshole where my finger had been. Two well rounded ass cheeks, her best physical feature, were covered with creamy smooth skin and separated by a long crevice. 

Ana was on her elbows looking back at me when I crawled up behind her. I teased her with my cock rubbing it up and down her gash and over her clit. Then with one single thrust I plunged deep into her waiting cunt. Ana squealed. I grabbed her hips and fucked her hard driving my cock deep into her belly on each thrust and jerking her whole body forward. 

"Fuck me... oooohhhhh... yes... yes... fuck me... uh uh... oh fuck... mmmmppphhh... ah ah... fuck me... uuunnnggghhh..."

Ana was furiously rubbing her clit. Pussy juice was everywhere. I looked down at my cock gliding in and out between her creamy cheeks and her cute little asshole peeking up at me. I pressed my thumb against her tight nut and pushed it inside. She screamed. Her whole body started shaking. Her head was jerking from side to side. The screams were so loud that anyone in the vicinity of our room could easily hear. 

My balls were ready to be emptied. The stimulation of her fingers against my cock as she rubbed her clit soon had me near the edge. I slammed into her hard. I held my cock deep inside her cunt and roared like a lion. Cum exploded into her steamy chamber. I pulled out and slammed back into flooding her pussy with another torrent of hot cum. Ana continued to scream as I pumped cum into her until it was leaking out the sides and dripping onto the bed.

I collapsed forwards on her back with my spent cock still in her cunt. That is when the phone rang. It startled us both back to reality. I pulled out and answered. It was my wife chastising me for not calling. While we were talking Ana sucked my cum drenched cock into her mouth. It didn't take long until it was standing tall. 

Ana swung her leg over me until she was facing me and lowered her gooey cunt down the length of my shaft. She slid her fingers between her legs and spread her cunt lips for me to see where my cock was buried in her body. She rubbed her swollen clit in circles. Then she leaned back putting a lot of pressure on my cock against the walls of her cunt while she slowly fucked me. I was having difficulty talking and tried several times to hang up by my wife would not quit talking. 

Ana turned around and squatted back down on the length of my cock. I watched her cheeks slowly move up and down with my cock buried between them. My wife was babbling on and on about something and was completely unaware that I was getting fucked at the same time. We were just finishing the conversation when Ana lifted off my cock dripping with cum and cunt juice and guided the tip against her sphincter. She pressed until the knob slipped inside. 

It had been a long time since I had fucked anyone in the ass, but never with anyone who had such a perfect ass as Ana's. She pushed down forcing my cock deeper up her ass. She moved her ass up and down and in circles fucking my cock slowly with her tight orifice. The view from behind was magnificent. Just the sight of my hard cock buried inside such a perfect ass was an incredible sexual high. 

Ana was enjoying it even more. She moved her ass on my cock doing all the work as I sat back and watched. Sometimes she would take it all the way inside and hold it there milking me with her sphincter. Other times she would rotate some or all of my cock around inside her tight orifice. I was surprised with the ease that I moved in and out of her asshole. Ana had obviously done this before and possibly even prepared herself for this possibility tonight. She had a hand between her legs fingering her pussy and rubbing her clit. 

"Oh, oh, fuck me... fuck my ass... aaahhh... oh god... yes, yes... fuck me... uuhhh... fuck my ass... mmmmppphhh."

Ana sat down on my cock until it was buried deep in her bowels. Her fingers were moving rapidly against her pussy and clit. I could tell from her moans and gasps that she was about to cum. I felt her sphincter tighten against my cock. Ana began to shake. Her body jerked as she exploded. She gasped for air and fell forward shaking with my cock buried up her ass. 

When her orgasm subsided Ana pulled off my cock and climbed on top of me. We kissed hard with tongues lashing out. My throbbing meat poked up between her ass cheeks. She moved my cock back and forth along her crevice. She finally pulled away from the kiss and sat up looking down at me with her lust filled eyes. Her knees straddled me. My hard cock was stretched out along my stomach. 
