 TOMMY'S TEACHER

Sandra Claus was 36 years old and she had been teaching high school for 14 years. She was still single and although she dated often she was not ready for the long term commitment of a marriage. Besides Sandra had a special need that would not sit well with a married woman. Each year for the past five years, Sandra selected a senior high school student to be her Christmas boy toy. She made her choice for this year but she had not yet seduced the student, Tommy Collins.

Sandra always selected an 18 year old boy that was handsome, physically fit and presumably well endowed. Also the boy had to be discreet about relationship with Sandra and she had been able to secure their trust. She was sure that Tommy was a boy who fit her criteria. The next step was his seduction.

Tommy Collins was in Sandra's homeroom but he never really paid much attention to her charms. Even though many of the other boys remarked about her figure and how stacked she was, it didn't phase Tommy. He was dating a cute blonde hair girl named Christy also 18 years old. She looked like the girl next door with her hair tied up in a pony tail. Tommy and Christy had not engaged in sexual intercourse and they had not experimented with oral sex either. Christy did let Tommy unsnap her bra and play with her bare tits under her sweater and she did let him finger her pussy until she came. Christy would also play with Tommy's big cock and stroked it until he came. That was as far as they went with sex and it was as far as Christy would ever go with Tommy.

Sandra Claus was 5'6" tall, weighed about 130 pounds and she possessed a knockout 36-24-36 figure. She had dark brown hair that she wore down to her shoulders and she had deep brown eyes. Sandra also wore glasses that made her look very scholarly and very sexy. She always wore tight fitting outfits to school that emphasized her shapely legs, full bust and her curvy ass. Most of the boys would get erections as Sandra moved around the classroom and wrote on the board. Sometimes she would remove her suit jacket if it got a little warm in the room. The boys gawked at her with her full bust pushing out her tight blouse. Sandra snickered to herself when she spotted the outline of an erect cock in a boy's light colored pants.

This particular day Sandra wore a black skirt, black blouse with a red and white jacket. The skirt was cut above her knees showing off her shapely legs encased in darker toned nylons and she wore black heels. All day the boys in her class whispered about her and passed notes to one another, stating how they would like to see her naked or fuck her hot body. This day however was the day that Sandra planned to seduce Tommy Collins. In her last class of the day, her home room class, Sandra asked Tommy to stay after school and help her with some Christmas decorations. Tommy agreed to help her as he never suspected what she had planned for him. He was a little surprised that he was the only one to help that afternoon.

Once the class had cleared out and most of the building was empty, Sandra closed and locked her classroom door. Then she turned to Tommy and asked him to get the boxes with the Christmas decorations from the back of the room. Sandra took off her suit jacket and unbuttoned the three top buttons on her blouse so that when she bent over she showed plenty of cleavage. Tommy brought the boxes to the middle of the room and set them on the floor. Sandra squatted down to go through the boxes and as she did her skirt rode up her thighs to about 10 inches above her knees. 

Tommy noticed the expanse of her nylon clad thigh visible below her skirt and that the tops of her stockings were almost exposed. He took Christmas items from Sandra as she handed them to him and het set them on the desks nearby. Tommy looked down at Sandra as she squatted beneath him and starred at her cleavage. Her breasts looked enormous as they strained against her bra and Tommy couldn't help but wonder what they would look like if they were bare. This was the first time that he paid any serious attention to his teacher's body.

Sandra got up and walked over to the windows on the door to the classroom and Tommy's eyes dropped to her shapely legs and curvy ass. She had Tommy help her paste decorations on the door windows and then she put cotton, simulating snow, as a background on the windows. The windows were entirely covered and no one outside the classroom could see inside. Sandra got the step ladder out and then began to hang and paste decorations on the walls and ceiling.

"Tommy, please steady this ladder for me as I hang the holly along the walls," Sandra requested. 

"Sure thing Ms. Claus," Tommy replied.

Sandra stood on the top step of the three foot step ladder and Tommy had a close up view of her shapely legs as he held the ladder steady. Sandra purposely moved about and got on her tip toes frequently causing her skirt to move up her legs. Tommy at times could see right up her skirt and he caught glimpses of her bare flesh above her stockings and her panty covered ass. He caught himself anxiously waiting for the next time her legs were wide enough apart so he could look up her skirt.

Sandra was wearing a black garter belt and black panties. Her panties were worn over her garter belt rather the under it so that they good be easily removed. Sandra knew she was starting to get to Tommy and she was about ready to take him to the next step. As Tommy looked up her skirt he felt his cock stir in his pants and he knew that the outline of his erection was visible. He tried to use one hand to rearrange his cock in his pants so that in wouldn't be so noticeable. He steadied the ladder with one hand while he reached for his crotch with the other.

"Is everything all right Tommy?" Sandra asked.

Tommy turned beet red as he stammered, "Yeah, I'm okay."

Tommy knew he had been caught and he then elected to leave his cock alone and he hoped that his erection would subside. Sandra smiled to herself when she saw the outline of his impressive cock in his pants. "Tommy this spot is a little higher so do me a favor and hold onto my legs so I don't fall."

Tommy's hands were shaking as he put them on his teacher's calves. He held on to her pretty legs as she reached high on the wall to fasten the imitation holly. He looked right up her skirt and starred at her bare skin leading up to her panty covered ass. Sandra was standing on her tip toes which caused her buttocks to contract emphasizing her perfectly shaped ass. Tommy's cock was throbbing in his pants and he was embarrassed as well as excited. He had never felt anything sexual toward his teacher until that moment. 

Tommy's hands were still on her legs as Sandra relaxed her posture. She smiled as she took one step down the ladder and his hands remained on her legs. Tommy's hands slid higher up her legs as he was mesmerized by his teacher's body. Sandra spoke to him.

"I'm okay now Tommy, you don't have to steady me but you can keep your hands on my legs if you like," she whispered.

Tommy snapped out of his trance and quickly removed his hands form her legs. "Oh I'm sorry, I was day dreaming," he lied quickly.

Tommy was day dreaming alright, he was imagining running his hands all the way up his teacher's legs and pulling her panties down. He quickly scolded himself for his behavior. Sandra stepped all the way down the ladder and as she did she made sure that her skirt rode high on her legs with each step. Tommy just gawked at the generous display of nylon covered flesh. Sandra noticed that his cock was more pronounced then ever and she decided it was time to test the water.

"Tommy is that a candy cane in your pants?" she questioned as she gently stroked the outline of his cock with her hand.

Tommy felt as if an electric charge ran through his body. He flinched and his body went rigid. "Oh, I'm sorry," he stammered apologizing for his erection.

"That's all right Tommy, I love candy canes," Sandra said softly as she stroked his cock a little firmer this time.

"Ms. Claus, you shouldn't do that, please," Tommy sputtered.

"Why not Tommy?" she teased continuing the seduction.

"Because you'll make me cum," Tommy gasped. 

"We'll we can't have you do that in your pants. I'll just have to lick your candy cane so that you don't get it all sticky," Sandra whispered as she dropped to her knees in front of him.

Tommy was frozen to the spot as his teacher knelt in front of him. He clenched his fists tightly as she pulled down his zipper and unbuckled his belt. Sandra then unbuttoned Tommy's pants and pulled them down past his knees. Tommy's underwear was pushed out with his erect cock. At 6'1" and 180 pounds Tommy had an impressive cock. It wasn't monstrous but it was easily 9" long and over 5" around. It was just the size that Sandra loved.

Tommy gasped when he felt his teacher pull his underwear down. His cock caught in the waistband of his briefs and then sprung forward when it was freed. Sandra loved to do that. She loved to see a stiff cock spring out and bob in her face.

"My, this is a big candy cane. I won't be able to eat all of this today. I will have to save some for another day," Sandra whispered in a sexy voice, "Oh and look at the size of these chestnuts. I will just have to taste these as well. They look so delicious and they are so ripe." 

Tommy shivered just at the thought of his teacher putting her mouth on his cock and licking his balls. He was anchored to the spot as his teacher played with his cock and balls. Sandra then lowered the mouth to Tommy's cock and he thought he was going to cum on the spot. Sandra gently sucked the rigid rod in her mouth and cupped his balls with a free hand. Then she decided to deep throat him and see just how much of his throbbing cock she could get in her mouth. 

"Oh, oh, oh" Tommy gasped as three quarters of his cock disappeared in his teacher's mouth

Sandra swirled her tongue around the thick shaft in her mouth and she felt her student shiver. She slowly slid her mouth off of Tommy's cock and said, "What a delicious candy cane, it's so tasty. I just have to try the chestnuts now."

With that said Sandra lowered her head and engulfed Tommy's testicles in her warm wet mouth. She rolled her tongue around his balls as the hummed. At first Tommy didn't get it but then he recognized the tune it was The Christmas Song and Tommy did feel as if his chestnuts were in an open fire. Sandra continued to hum the tune as she sucked on his chestnuts and stroked his candy cane. Tommy knew he was close to cumming.

"I going to cum," he warned.

"Oh good I want to taste your eggnog too," Sandra whispered as she released his balls and covered his cock with her mouth.

As soon as Tommy's cock was back in her mouth, cum spewed through his shaft and flooded her mouth. Sandra drank down every drop that Tommy deposited in her mouth and then she sucked him until he was dry. When she nibbled on the head of his cock, tingles ran through Tommy's body and he had to push her head away as the sensation was unbearable.

"That eggnog was delicious Tommy. Thank you for sharing your candy cane, chestnuts and eggnog with me. Now I have something for you. I am going to let you feast on my tasty candied date," Sandra said as she licked her lips sexily.

Tommy had no idea what she was talking about but he watched intently as his teacher removed her skirt and panties. Tommy was looking right at his teacher's naked pussy. Sandra stretched out on the desk; she opened her legs and beckoned Tommy to her. Like a zombie Tommy moved toward his teacher and she took his head in her hands and guided toward her vulva. Tommy had only seen Christy's pussy this close and hers looked so different compared to his teacher's mature mound. Her hands went down to her pussy and she stroked her quim and opened it for Tommy to see. Tommy just stared at her in all her beauty lying on the desk clad in just her stockings and garter belt from the waist down.

Sandra peeled back the folds of her outer and inner lips and displayed her hooded clit. "Come here Tommy and feast on this delicious morsel. Can you see the candied date waiting for you? Nibble it gently and suck on the hard pit inside it."

Sandra coached him through every move of his first pussy eating experience. Tommy buried his tongue in Sandra's pussy shoving it in as if he was fucking her. Sandra directed the action and she soon had him nibbling on her clit while he fingered her pussy. Tommy was really getting into the action particularly because of the way he had Sandra squirming and tossing on the desk. Sandra moved her legs over Tommy's shoulders and pulled his head closer to her pussy. Tommy held on to Sandra's shapely buttocks and squeezed and fondled her firm ass cheeks as he ate her pussy.

"Oh, oh, yes right there. You got it. Suck the pit, chew on it eat my tasty morsel, oh!" Sandra cried out.

Tommy continued to eat her pussy as he held her ass tightly in his hands. This was something that he had always wanted to do to Christy and now his teacher was teaching him. He then moved his hands up under her blouse to her bra encased tits. Tommy massaged her boobs and twirled her nipples through the bra as he continued to munch on her pussy and clit. Sandra was tossing and thrusting her pussy into Tommy's face and calling for him to eat her.

"Stick your finger in my chimney chute," screamed Sandra.

Tommy was confused but Sandra took his hand and guided it toward her ass. Tommy had never fingered anyone's asshole and he was taken back by the demand. He snuck one hand behind Sandra's bottom and toyed with her asshole tickling the tight nether hole.

"Wet your finger in my pumpkin patch and shove it in my chimney chute," Sandra ordered.

Tommy stuck his middle finger in Sandra's pussy and got it good and wet with her juices. He then positioned it at Sandra's asshole and shoved it in. Sandra gasped with the abrupt anal penetration but soon had Tommy's finger buried in her ass. Tommy pumped his finger in and out of Sandra's ass as he continued to maul her pussy with his mouth. Tommy loved the feel of his finger in the warm recess of Sandra's ass. Tommy was really getting into the sex and he liked the terms that Sandra used. Sandra stiffened and gasped aloud as she came on Tommy's face. 

"Oh there it is. Taste my eggnog, drink it all," Sandra called out.

Tommy held on to her with his finger still buried in her ass and his mouth glued to her cunt. He felt the waves of orgasm rock Sandra's body and his face was flooded with her cunt juice. Sandra kept humping his face until the last of her orgasms passed and she flopped back on the desk.

Tommy slipped his finger from her ass and his hands found her breasts again. Sandra had unbuttoned her blouse and unsnapped her bra so Tommy touched her bare breasts for the first time. He stroked her tits and nipples as he gently licked her pussy dry of all her juices. Tommy finished eating her and then stood up standing between Sandra legs. Tommy followed Sandra's eyes to his cock and then he realized that he was hard again.

Sandra smiled at him and said, "Oh look your candy cane needs attention again. Put it in my pumpkin patch and then I'll lick it clean for you. "

Tommy now knew all the terminology so he leaned forward and aimed his cock at Sandra's pussy. He slid in easily to the hilt and reveled in the warmth of her cunt. Tommy began to pump his cock in and out of Sandra's pussy as she wrapped her shapely legs around his back. Sandra pulled him in with her legs and positioned herself so that her clit was in constant contact with his cock. Tommy began to pound Sandra's pussy and Sandra humped her hips back at him just as hard. The two of them fucked each other frantically breathing heavy and grunting and moaning. Sandra had another orgasm but continued to fuck Tommy toward his. Sandra lost count of her orgasms before Tommy finally filled her pussy with his spunk. 

Tommy stiffened and then thrust into her each time he felt his cum ejaculate. Sandra rocked with him and she clenched her cunt muscles squeezing every drop of cum from his cock. Tommy collapsed on her body as he felt the last surge of cum leave his cock. Sandra held him tight as he relaxed his body. Tommy had never felt so good in his life. He had been trying to fuck Christy all year. He couldn't believe his good fortune in fucking his teacher Sandra Claus.

"Oh Tommy you filled my pumpkin patch with your eggnog. Did you like the taste of my eggnog? Did you like nibbling on my candied date? I have some more Christmas treats to share with you," Sandra exalted.

Sandra stood up and removed her blouse and bra so that she was naked except for her garter belt and stockings. Tommy looked at her big firm tits and mentally compared them to his girlfriend's. Christy's tits paled in comparison to his teacher's. 

Sandra kissed her way down his chest passed his stomach to his cock. Tommy gasped in surprise when Sandra took his cock in her mouth and sucked it clean of their combined juices. Then she moved up his body and kissed him deeply shoving her tongue in his mouth again. Sandra wanted to be sure that he got to taste both of them and that he shed any inhibitions that he previously had.

Doesn't that taste good? I like the taste of our eggnog mixed together," she cooed.

Tommy, lost for words just nodded in agreement.

"I can see that you have some candy cane left over. I want you to put it up my chimney chute?" Sandra announced as she looked at his erect cock and then asked, "Have you ever done that?"

"No I haven't," Tommy answered nervously.

"I love it in the chimney chute. Will you put your candy cane up my chimney chute?" Sandra asked sexily.

"I guess, if you want, yeah sure I'll do it," Tommy replied somewhat stunned that his teacher was asking him to fuck her in the ass.

She retrieved something from her purse and handed it to Tommy then Sandra smiled at him, turned her back to him and leaned over the desk. Sandra then directed Tommy to lube her ass. 

"First you lead to grease the chute so that your candy cane slides in easy."

Tommy got turned on by putting the lube in her asshole. He enjoyed fingering her hole and caressing her big curvy ass. Sandra rotated her ass in arousal as Tommy inserted a second finger into her bung hole.

"Okay I'm ready for your candy cane Tommy, put it up my chute," ordered Sandra.

Tommy knelt behind her and eased his hard cock into her ass. He worked it in slowly and reveled in the methodical penetration of her luscious ass. Sandra's ass was a warm tight receptacle. Sandra used her anal muscles to perfection as she massaged Tommy's cock in her anal sheath. Tommy caressed both of Sandra's gorgeous ass cheeks as he fucked her ass deeply. They both sensed he was about to cum again and Tommy picked up his pace as Sandra squeezed his cock with more intensity.

"Cum up my chute, I want your eggnog in my chute," Sandra cried out.

Her words sent Tommy over the edge and he fired his third load of the day into Sandra's hot ass. Sandra felt the warm sperm coat her rectal passage, a feeling that she never tired of. She squeezed her anal muscles and milked Tommy's cock dry of every drop of cum. Tommy continued to fuck her slowly until his cock softened and slipped from her ass. Tommy just looked at her beautiful ass and watched as trickles of cum ran out it across the lips of her pussy and down her inner thighs.

"Oh that was wonderful! I love it when an elf cums up her chimney chute," she said with a wicked smile.

Tommy realized that he had never taken off his clothes. He still had his shirt on and his pants and underwear were down around his ankles. Sandra's body glowed in the aftermath of the sexual marathon and Tommy admired his teacher's beauty. Christy seemed so juvenile now compared to his teacher as Tommy looked at all the shapely naked flesh that was now available for his enjoyment.
