 A/N: This is a true story about one of my friends. All the names have been changed. If anything is similar to another story, again this is true and not fiction. 

Beta Reader: HeyAllStories 

~~~~~

The warm September heat beats down on her suntanned shoulders as Alison continues the slow incline walk up toward the local high school, Lake Valley High. The twenty-one-year-old is hit with the nostalgia of her past school days in the building. Memories of teachers and used-to-be friends flash in her eyes when she opens the heavy metal door to enter the old brick building. 

Instantly the familiar smell of sneakers and cafeteria food wafts into her nose. Alison can't help but breathe it all in with a smile. Although she now attends North Carolina State University, college life has nothing on the fond memories of easy-going high school. She walks into the front office, a smile upon her naturally red lips. 

The secretary behind the counter glances up from her computer with a smile, "Welcome to Lake Valley, how may I help you?" 

Alison surveys the office. It's been remodeled in the three years since she graduated. "I'm here for a meeting with Mr. Alvarez." Alison can't help but nervously fidget with her hands when the secretary's eyes widen. 

"Is this concerning Mr. Smith?" The old woman asks with a frown. "His parents are supposed to attend the meeting." 

Alison resists rolling her eyes at the woman's probing. "My parents are busy with work." She glances at the wall behind the secretaries head. 

The school's logo and Alma Mater are painted on the wall. "I'm Jonathan Smith's older sister, Alison Smith." 

Alison brandishes her ID with a hopeful smile, "Please, my parents are busy and I'm the only one available." 

With a frown, the secretary nods her head. "Let me make a pass for you." 

Within minutes, Alison is sitting with a visitors pass stickered to her white blouse, waiting for the meeting to begin. A bell chimes overhead and soon the hallway outside the office is full of laughing students. Alison peers out the glass wall of the office in hopes of spotting her brother. She knows it's a vain attempt, but she still tries. Another bell chimes once the hallway is empty. 

Alison crosses and uncrosses her legs nervously. In all her years of school, she never once got in trouble. The Smith family are known for being well-mannered, bright, and altogether charming people. It seems all those attributes skipped her younger brother Jonathan. 

Checking her phone, Alison shoots a quick text to her brother telling him that she's here for the meeting. The time is ten minutes past the meeting time. Alison rolls her eyes before opening the app Candy Crush and tapping relentlessly at the screen. 

"He's late." She frowns down at her phone while tapping on three blue candies. "If you set an appointment, you should arrive on time." 

Alison tries to look back on the few memories she has of Mr.Alvarez. He began teaching Chemistry in her Junior year, fresh out of university. Alison had taken Chemistry in her Sophomore year and then AP Chemistry her Senior year. The AP Chemistry teacher also taught AP Biology so Alison was never placed in Mr.Alvarez's classroom. 

She tries to form a mental picture of the man but comes up blank. From what her younger brother, Jonathan has told her, the man is harsh, blunt, and very passionate about Chemistry. 

Beside her seated form the office door opens. Alison scans the pressed black slacks that had just walked in, before going back to her app. She's super close to beating the level. A throat clears above, along with a shadow being cast over her. 

Alison tilts her head up, fingers unconsciously gripping her phone at the sight in front of her. Mouth slightly gaping in surprise, Alison can't help the way her body leans away from the towering man. Back pressed into the uncomfortable leather chair, Alison follows her eyes up from the freshly shined leather shoes, black slacks, shining belt buckle, and crisp blue shirt and matching tie. 

"Are you Mr. Smith's guardian?" The deep silky voice rumbles above Alison. 

The younger woman blinks back the shock before immediately standing. "Y-yes."

Alison sticks her hand out but falters in her attempt. The man is standing too close for Alison to stick her hand between their bodies. An inch of space lingers between them, but on every exhale of breath, Alison's C-cup breasts come close to brushing the taller man's chest. 

Again, Alison tilts her head up and takes a tiny step back. Two words can be used to describe Mr.Alvarez; Sex. God. 

The man is easily six-feet tall, broad-shouldered, with a head full of ginger tousled hair. His handsome features are only an added bonus, which doesn't really matter to Alison. She's not here to gaze stupidly at an attractive man. No, she is here because her idiot younger brother is about to be expelled.

The man smiles wide, pearly white straight teeth flashing, "Ryan Alvarez." 

He extends a hand out for Alison to shake. She clasps her hand in his, meeting his dark eyes with her brown ones. Mr.Alvarez's eyes shine with warmth and amusement. 

Alison's smile slips off her face when she notices this. Gripping his hand harder she cocks her head to the side, "I'm Alison Smith." 

Mr.Alvarez takes a step back and opens the office door, "Let's walk to my classroom." 

Already Alison doesn't like him. Her brother's exact words of, "Fucking asshole" come to mind. Yes, she can totally see Ryan Alvarez as being an asshole and it hasn't been five minutes since she met him. 

Alison walks out into the hallway, purse clutched tightly to her side. Mr.Alvarez walks beside her at an even pace toward the science wing of the school. 

His brows furrow when Alison seems to be leading the way and not the other way around. "You're Jonathan's guardian?" Mr.Alvarez lifts a brow as his gaze scans the young petite woman up and down. 

Alison nods, "I'm his older sister, our parents both work in the ER at the hospital." She shrugs her shoulders, "They couldn't make it, so I drove up here for the day." 

The man nods, "Alright." Mr.Alvarez comes to a stop outside of a plain brown door. He swiftly unlocks it and beckons Alison inside. The lights flick on and Alison is hit yet again with another memory of high school Chemistry. "Take a seat near the front please." 

Alison does so without a thought. Being back in a school setting like this is bringing out her more submissive tendencies. While in college, your professors don't concern themselves with students. Things like seating and restroom privileges are freely accessible, while in high school these were a luxury never given. 

Mr.Alvarez shuts the door and makes his way to the desk at the front of the room. His face shows surprise when he notices that Alison has sat directly in front of his desk, back ramrod straight, eyes forward. He smooths his facial expression, a sudden idea forming in his head. 

On his desk, are the supplies needed for the experiment his chemistry class did on Monday. Mr.Alvarez sits in his chair, he steeples his fingers while sending a grave look to Alison. "Ms.Smith do you know why Jonathan is in trouble?" His voice reverberates off the walls in the dead silence of the room. 

All Alison does is shake her head no. This causes Mr.Alvarez to frown, which Alison finds that she doesn't like. It means she's failed him. 

Mr.Alvarez picks up a paper, stands to walk around his desk and hands the paper to Alison. "Ms. Smith this is the chemistry lab the class did on Monday." 

He watches as the young woman read the paper, front and back. 

"It looks like an easy magnesium flame." Alison loves science, it's her major in college. She understands everything written on the paper in her hands. "Did Jonathan refuse to do the lab?" She hands the paper back to Mr.Alvarez. Their fingers brush and Alison sucks in a breath. 

"No, he did the lab." Mr.Alvarez leans against his desk, he props his foot on a basket beside his leg. "It's what happened during the lab." 

Alison stopped listening when Mr.Alvarez propped his foot on the basket in front of his desk. With one leg extended and the other up at an angle, Alison now has a front row seat to the large bulge, as the teacher's slacks are stretched. 

Mr.Alvarez smirks when he sees the way Alison's eyes have honed in on his pants. He knows exactly what he's doing. It's been a long time since Ryan has met someone so submissive like Alison, the way her cheeks flushed in anger when they met and now the pretty embarrassed blush on her cheeks. 

Ryan Alvarez wants to see how far that blush can go. His eyes rake over the white blouse with a conservative neckline. The blouse is tucked into the black pencil skirt that hides Alison's shapely legs as she demurely crosses them at the ankles. 

"Ms.Smith?" Ryan leans forward with concern written plainly on his features, "Are you okay?" 

Alison nods dumbly. "Ye-yeah I'm fine." She blinks, a furious blush lighting her face at being caught staring. 

"So what did Jonathan do wrong?" She immediately changes the conversation to the subject at hand. 

Mr.Alvarez sighs, he leans back on his hands. "Jonathan set his partners homework on fire." He lifts a scorched folder from the desk. "When asked why he did it, Jonathan said because he felt like it." 

Alison gasps at the burn marks on the folder. "Oh." 

He nods slowly, "Ms.Smith you can see why this kind of behavior is concerning." Again Alison numbly nods her head in agreement. "What do you believe his punishment should be?" 

"Not expulsion!" Alison hurriedly says, "Please Jonathan doesn't know any better." 

Mr.Alvarez narrows his eyes. He stands, hands planting themselves on the desk that Alison currently sits at. "Ms.Smith, Jonathan is sixteen, he knew exactly what he was doing." 

The woman shakes her head, "He's going through some things." she tries to argue but all Mr.Alvarez does is crowd her personal space more. "Our parents are never home, Jonathan is only acting out." 

"Ms.Smith this is not the only class Jonathan has acted out in." Mr.Alvarez stares the woman down. 

"He's only sixteen. All sixteen-year-old boys act out." Alison begins grabbing at straws. She's not prepared for this. Her parents should be here instead. Not Alison. 

The man in front of her would never see reason from her, an older sister with no say in her brother's life. "Please Mr.Alvarez, don't expel Jonathan." 

Ryan stares down at her for a full minute. His eyes flash when Alison sweetly begs him, his name on her pouting lips starting a fire in his loins. "I have yet to tell the principal Ms.Smith. The class thought it was a funny joke." 

He sits on top of his desk again. "But, I, on the other hand, want some form of punishment to Jonathan for his behavior." 

Alison stares down at the desk, her mind is running a mile a minute with all the possibilities that could befall her brother. "He can do extra classwork." 

Mr.Alvarez shakes his head no. 

"What about detention? Jonathan would learn his lesson that way." Alison begins playing with her hands in her lap as more nerves form in her stomach. 

"Ms.Smith I don't think you understand." Again he rests his foot atop the basket. The large bulge on full view. "Jonathan is already in detention for the remainder of the week. Also as you are not his legal guardian you have no say in the actions I choose." 

At this Alison, angrily stands from the desk. "You can't do that!" She stands in front of him, cheeks red in anger, hands on her hips. "Suspending him I can understand, but expelling Jonathan for a small joke is too far." 

"Setting a fire in class can be seen as an attempt at arson." Mr.Alvarez breezes over her argument. His gaze shines with glee at how mad the small, curvy woman is getting. 

"You asshole." Alison stomps her foot at the cocky grin on the man's face. "I'll talk to the principal about my brother because you sir, are too much." 

She snatches her bag from the desk with a huff. Her heels clack against the tiled floors as Alison makes a speedy getaway. She continues to shake her head, appalled at the man's assumption of her younger brother. 

"You walk out that door Ms.Smith and I will make sure your brother never walks into this school again." Mr. Alvarez's commanding tone halts Alison in her retreat. 

A devilish smirk is on Mr.Alvarez's face as he watches the young woman contemplating what to do next. He decides to make it easier for her. "Turn around." Instantly the woman turns, her gaze fixed onto the ground. 

His eyes fill with heat at the sight before him. "Come here now." Ryan watches as the woman hesitates but at the sound of his fingers snapping, she quickly scurries forward. 

"Alison, can I call you that?" Mr.Alvarez doesn't wait for a response. His hand cups Alison's chin gently, "We can easily come to an arrangement, Alison." 

His thumb traces her bottom lip. "You do something for me and I do something for you." 

Alison unconsciously leans into the warm hand now cupping her cheek. She mulls over what Mr.Alvarez means. She's not dumb. Alison knows what the man wants, but is she willing to give it to him? 

"If I do this will you promise not to tell on Jonathan?" Alison can feel her core warming to the idea of this brute of a man taking her. Already her pussy lips are quivering from his earlier use of a commanding tone. 

Mr.Alvarez smiles widely, "Yes, I promise." 

Alison trembles on the spot. From the two guys she's been with, they've always taken charge. Really Alison has no idea what to do other than stand and await further instruction. 

"You have been with a man right, Alison?" Mr.Alvarez trails his hand down her cheek to her neck. His other hand settles on her waist. 

Still shaking Alison nods slightly. "I had a boyfriend in high school and dated a guy my Freshman year in college." 

The brief sexual encounters she had with them were few and far between. All her partners wanted was her warm mouth or a quick painful fuck. Painful, because the men never cared for what Alison wanted. 

They just took and once they were done, the men left. Alison can tell that Mr.Alvarez is the same as the rest. Only wanting a quick painful fuck. 

"Okay, do you have any objections before we start?" Ryan trails his hands up and down the shapely hips of the woman in his arms. 

By the surprised expression on her face, he can tell somethings wrong. "What?" He questions. 

"Nothing." Alison glances away, teeth nibbling at her bottom lip. "I guess don't be too rough, that's all." 

Mr.Alvarez nods his head and stands up, "Alright. While we do this call me Sir." That's all the warning Alison gets before being picked up and swung up onto a nearby lab table. 

A startled gasp leaves Alison's lips, her hands scramble to find somewhere to steady herself. They settle on the broad shoulders of the man currently with his hand halfway up her skirt. 

Warm lips descend upon her neck causing Alison to jolt. Without thinking she tilts her neck further for better access. Hands squeeze at the thick cords of muscle underneath her palms. A sweet breathy moan filters out from her lips. 

"You like that?" The deep masculine voice belonging to Mr.Alvarez whispers huskily into her ear. 

"Yes." Alison whines when he nips at her ear, hand coming to squeeze her calf. "Yes, Sir." 

His chest vibrates as he chuckles darkly. Ryan settles himself between her spread legs, one hand rubbing soothing circles on the woman's inner thigh and the other planted firmly on Alison's waist. 

"Be a good girl for me and take off your shirt." He groans at how quickly Alison discards her blouse. Underneath the discarded piece of clothing is a black lace bra. Decent sized C-cup breast are held firmly within the black cups. 

Ryan continues his assault on her neck, teeth nipping to leave marks on the tan flesh. He nuzzles below Alison's ear, tongue rolling to lick at the diamond earring adorning her ear. 

"What would you like Alison?" the rich lustful whisper causes shivers to race down her spine. 

"You Sir." Alison remains as still as possible on top of the lab table. Her hands remain on Ryan's thick shoulders. Truth be told, all the times she's had sex, all Alison did was lay their silently begging for it to be over. Although with Ryan, she can tell it will be different and that's what scares her. 

Heavily sighing, Ryan leans away from the red marked neck. He swipes his tongue over his bottom lip, gaze heavy with lust, but still fully in control. 

"You need to loosen up," his hand snakes upward to the hair clip holding Alison's hair back. After unclipping the hair clip, Ryan watches as the beautiful blushing woman becomes even more stunning. 

The innocence shining in her brown orbs can't be faked. Ryan leans forward to peck Alison's lips. Licking the seam of her lips with his tongue, Ryan smirks at the gasp he elicits from the trembling vixen. The kiss quickly becomes heated when Ryan plunges his tongue into Alison's mouth, the wet muscles dancing tantalizing against each other. 

A loud moan is pulled from Alison when large callused hands palm at her uncovered breasts. Bra forgotten somewhere around the room. A thumb slowly circles her erect nipple, while the other hand fists into her long brown hair. Alison gives up her small fight for dominance in the kiss, succumbing to the feel of losing herself entirely. 

Pulling away from the kiss, a thin strand of saliva disconnects while Alison pants hotly. Her hands dive down toward the silver belt buckle. The hand in her hair tugs harshly and Alison's eyes meet the glazed ones of her partner. 

"Did I say you could have your reward?" Ryan licks a strip down her heaving chest, mouth coming dangerously close to her erect nipple. His hand continues its tortuous onslaught of pinching and twisting on the other breast. 

"No, Sir." Alison whimpers as she rocks her hips into thin air, seeking friction but not being allowed to have it. "Please, Sir." 

Ryan takes on a thoughtful expression, "How badly do you want it?" his hand disentangles itself from her hair, diving down between thick tan thighs. 

"I need it, Sir." Her voice turns into a moan when a finger teases along her panties. 

"Beg." The command has an immediate effect. 

Alison hops off the desk, kneeling on the ground. Her hands rub at Ryans thighs as she gazes up at the man while biting her lip. "Please let me suck your cock, Sir." 

She nuzzles her face against the large tent in his slacks. "I need to have it, please give it to me Sir." 

Ryan unbuckles his belt, pants dropping down to his ankles. Black boxer briefs greet Alison, a small wet spot already forming on the underwear. "Unwrap your reward, Alison." 

"Thank you, Sir." Alison lifts her hands and begins to pull at the waistband of his underwear. The fabric hitches at the base of Ryans cock, leaving Alison to tug them down harder. She gasps in shock when something slaps her chin. 

Eyes widening, Alison freezes. 

The fat mushroom head has beads of precum on it, the long shaft is thicker than her wrists, paired with big mouth-watering round balls. Wetness floods Alison's panties at the delicious sight, mouth salivating at the idea of having this monster in her mouth. 

"Like what you see?" Ryan takes himself in hand, stroking his erect cock. He squeezes his hand, slowly pumping. 

All Alison can do is stare, a tugging hand in her hair snaps her out of her stupor. "Yes, Sir. I love it, Sir." 

Ryan grins down at her, "Show me how much you love it." 

Tentatively, Alison pokes her pink tongue out, licking at the bulbous head. Her taste buds explode from the musky yet slightly salty taste of precum. The hand in her hair tugs again, taking it as a sign, Alison licks from the head all the way down to the base of the meaty cock. 
