 When I walk through the door you shove me against the wall; I can feel you hard against my ass, pressing into me. You have one hand on my throat, one hand on my waist. You whisper in my ear "Tonight you're mine. You're not going to be able to walk when I'm done with you. I want you shaking and begging me to stop. You're going to do as I say. You're my dirty little slut." You apply some pressure on my throat as you say the last sentence. Taking your hand off my hip you slide it up my thigh under my dress. You cup my ass; lightly run your fingers on my thigh, teasing me. You squeeze my cheeks, sliding a finger down my crack, almost touching my pussy but not. 

I push back into you trying to coax you into touching me. You take off your belt and tie my wrists behind my back, then grab it and lead me to the living room. I instinctively get on my knees for you, mouth open, eyes wide looking up at you. "That's my good little slut, you want my cock?" you ask me.

I nod my head and lightly slap my cheek, raising your eyebrows. I inhale sharply then "yes sir, I want your cock. I want to choke on you." You smile and pull down jeans and boxers, your thick cock springing out in my face. 

You're taking off your shirt and I'm already hungrily licking you, up and down your shaft, and gently sucking your balls. You let me have my way for a while, teasing your head with my tongue. Staring up at you the whole time, eager to please. When I finally take you in my mouth, the warm wetness enveloping you, you grab my hair and push me down on your cock. My eyes widen and water, I start to gag and you smile down on me loving every second of it. You do this several times before you pull out of my mouth and I gasp for air, licking my lips. You put your cock on my mouth, the head resting against my lips, gently tapping against them. 

You reach down and grab my jaw, guiding me up off my knees, then push me down on the couch. You climb on top of me, letting your cock rub against my wet pussy lips. I moan in your ear. "Tell me you want it. Beg."

I moan again. "I want to feel you fill me, I want to cum hard on your thick cock, please fuck me, I want you" 

Apparently my begging is sufficient and I feel you slowly urge into my waiting cunt. Its torturous how slowly you're moving in and out of me, thrusting as deep as you can then almost pulling out all the way. I try to raise my hips up to meet you but you narrow your eyes at me and I stop. 

Your lips are all over me, my lips neck and chest. One hand is on my throat, not pressing hard just letting me know you're there. My heart is beating so fast and my breathing is heavy, you pull almost all the way out so just the tip is in me and you watch me. My legs are shaking beneath you and my eyes are pleading. You lean down and kiss me hard, your tongue probing my mouth, and at the same time you thrust into me deep and rough. I'm moaning into your mouth as you fuck me hard and fuck; you reach down rub my clit. 

I lose my mind, biting your shoulder to try to quiet myself, but still groaning loudly. "Oh fuck yes, fuck me, oh God" you put your other hand on my shoulder and pound into me, my tits bouncing, my head thrown back in ecstasy, moaning. I take a sharp breath in and you know I'm going to cum, my whole body stops for a minute then you watch and the orgasm races through me, my body shaking and squirming and the smile on my face. Then you cum, thrusting deeper in me, feeling my pussy muscles milking you. You pull out slowly, letting me feel you in my folds. You know that I want to be drenched with our sex. 

You slide out of me and sit on the couch, watching me still shaking lay on my side curl into myself. You see my hands still tied my back. You roll me so I'm on my stomach, I try to look back at you, panting and wet still. You spank my ass and hear me gasp. You spank me harder and harder watching as I slowly stick my ass in the air for you, eventually on my knees with my face pressed in the couch. You bite me: my ass, my thighs, my back. You grab my cheeks, spread them and see my dripping wet pussy, pulsating swollen clit. 

You slip a finger in and I moan, always wanting you. You go faster and harder until your hard again and I'm begging to cum. You push your cock into me, grab the belt to pull me up and fuck me hard. Then one hands in my hair, pulling and one hand smacking my ass. I'm screaming from the pleasurable pain and I cum quickly my body trying to collapse beneath you but you grab the belt and keep me up "we're not done yet" you say gruffly.

"I want to be your good little whore, make me your whore" I beg you. You pull me back with the belt and ram deeper into me, I'm whimpering beneath you.

"Cum for me again you fucking slut, I want to feel you" You can feel my pussy muscles tighten around you, you pull off the belt and I fall onto the couch helpless. I use own hand to push myself up and you grab my throat. I rub my clit furiously and push back hips back into you, the shudders of a third orgasm crash through me. "You drive me crazy" you tell me, pulling out quickly and telling me to get on my back. You shove your cock in my mouth and I can taste myself on you. I lick you eagerly needing to taste you. You pull back and give one pull jerk as you cum all over my mouth, watching as I try to lick it all up.