 Ashley drove down I-79 with the top down and the radio blasting, on her way home from the beach. Seeing as it was almost 9pm, she thought she could speed just a little to make the trip go faster. Going 85 mph down the highway Ashley couldn't wait to get home. Looking up into her rearview mirror she saw the flashing lights of a squad car trying to pull her over. She turned down the radio and pulled over to the side of the road where she waited for the cop to come to her car.

"Do you have any idea how fast you were going young lady?" The cop asked with definite authority in his voice.

"Yes Sir, I was doing 85mph in a 65 mph zone." And of course it was the honest to God truth.

He was shocked, normally when he pulled over hot young girls they either tried to lie or flirt their way out of it. Not this girl, she was up front honest about her crime, and that was a major turn-on for him.

"Oh, umm, okay. Since you knew you were breaking the law and you didn't lie about it, let me see what I can do to let you off easy." He was baffled yet so turned-on.

"Thank you so much Officer!" Whew, she knew she was lucky that this hunk of a cop was being nice to her. Not to mention the fact that she thought that she saw a slight hard-on on his part.

As Officer Mathews walked back to his car he tried to talk down his cock, he was unsuccessful. Who was he trying to kid, this girl was to damn sexy for her own good. With only wearing a bikini top and a pair of shorts he got the perfect view of her tanned and toned body. From his guess she was at least a D. While writing up her ticket he thought of something, something taboo and undeniably kinky, he was going to try and pull it off too. As he walked back to her car he mentally prepared to seduce her.

"Ma'am, please step out of the car and go stand in front of it." This was his attempt at being smooth and bold while he was almost freaking out that she would catch him and tell someone.

"Umm, okay. Can I ask why though?" She was going to do whatever he said, but she was still curious.

"Thank you for being so helpful. It was reported that a car matching this description was stolen from this area a few nights ago." He was lying out the ass and didn't give a shit, he was getting her where he wanted her and that was all that mattered to him.

"Oh wow, I had no idea!" She wanted nothing to do with the crime and was ready incase he was going to search her...oh she hoped he would.

He looked through her car and made it seem like he was looking for something. Although in reality he was only buying time until he knew what to do next. A Strip search! That is exactly what he needed to do! Walking toward where she was standing, he was going to say he was looking for...what? Diamonds! That's it; there were diamonds in the car! 

"I am really sorry Ma'am, but I am going to have to search you. So if you will please face your car, put your hands on the hood, and spread your legs, we can get this over with." Officer Mathews was praying to himself that this was going to work, because he wanted her oh so badly.

She wasn't even going to ask, just obey, so maybe she would get home sooner...like some time in the next year. She had done what the cop had asked and faced her car with her legs spread and her hands on the hood. The thought of his hands all over her really turned her on, and she felt her nipples get hard as a result. 

Officer Mathews was now standing behind her sliding his hands down her sides feeling for the diamonds he knew wouldn't be there. When he reached the inside of her thighs he didn't stop mid-thigh like he should have, but kept going all the way to her crotch. He could feel the heat radiating off her. As he slid his hands back up her sides he felt his finger-tips brush against the side of her tits. He knew he was taking a big risk be doing this, but then again at this point he didn't really give a flying fuck.

"Ma'am, will you please turn and face me. Then raise your arms to a 90 degree angle." He was so pushing it, and sweating in fear.

"Sure thing officer." Ashley thought that this was a slight bit extreme, but she didn't want to be a suspect. Plus, him touching her like that had her pussy soaked. She was almost positive that if he would look he would find a wet spot on the crotch of her shorts.

He began the search all over again, only this time instead of running his hands down her sides, he ran them right over her breasts. As he did this he could feel her hard nipples press into his palms. That was a good sign! He figured if she was allowing this much he was going to take it another step. Moving his palms down her stomach, he moved right over her pussy. He lightly touched her there as he passed.

Ashley let out a soft moan from his barely-there touch. She knew the moment it escaped that he had heard it. Hoping that he caught on and eventually would fuck her, she let herself smile and give him a wink of encouragement.

Thinking to himself "Oh God, she knows I was feeling her up, and it turned her on! I might get to fuck her after all!" Thinking quickly he came up with a line to hopefully get her out of her shorts. "Ma'am, is the rest of your swim suit under those shorts? Because of so I am going to have to ask you to remove your shorts."

She gave him a sexy smirk and reminded herself that these short shorts she had on WERE her swim suit bottoms. Untying the draw string holding them on her hips she let them fall down her legs, exposing her cunt to him.

He drew in a deep breath, taken aback by the sight of her in front of him. It was clear that she waxed because there wasn't a hair to be found. He pondered to himself whether or not he should go for the cavity search or not, but he didn't have time to finish the thought when she began to speak.

"Officer, do you need to do a cavity search? Because I am willing to do whatever it takes to get me off the suspect list." Who was she fooling, they both know there was no crime beyond her speeding, he just wanted in her pants, and that is right where she was going to let him go. 

"I was just getting to that. So if you could put your foot up on your bumper we can easily get this finished." Shocked once again...this girl was something else.

She did as she was asked and lifted her leg for him. Kneeling down in front of her, Officer Mathews pushed two fingers into her tight hole and began to move them within her. Ashley was so turned on that she was biting her lip to keep from moaning as he fingered her. He carried on his ministrations just a while longer before she grabbed his wrist and said "either you fuck me now or let me go so I can make myself cum."

He was in disbelief once again. She knew what he was doing and now he had her worked up enough to demand sex from him. Perfect. He pulled his hand from between her legs and lifted her onto the hood of her car. Moving in between her legs he removed the bikini top, taking in all her naked glory. 

Hovering over her, he pushed his thick cock into her, completely filling her. Ashley was in heaven, she was being fucked by a sexy cop who just happened to be seriously endowed. As Officer Mathews pounded her cunt he sucked a nipple into his mouth. As Ashley's body was being abused by this man's massive cock and talented mouth, she ran her fingers through his hair and onto his shoulders where she dug her nails into him. The harder he drove into her the louder she moaned and screamed. Trying to be a little quieter, Ashley bit into Officer Mathews's shoulder in attempt to muffle her screams. He was praying she was close because he was about to blow. It was as if his prayers had been answered! Ashley started to shake as all her muscles tightened around him, and she moaned out his name along with a string of pants and cried of pleasure.

"Yes! Yes! Yes! Officer Mathews FUCK ME HARDER! Mmmmm! Yes!" She screamed it and didn't care who heard. She was having the best orgasm of her life and she wanted the world to know how hard he had made her cum.

As the last waves of her orgasm flowed over her Officer Mathews buried himself deep within her and filled her quivering cunt with his hot cum. After both of their climaxes subsided and they had recovered some what, they redressed.

"So Officer, where did you put my ticket?" She knew he had written it out, but she couldn't remember where he had put it.

"Don't worry about that ticket. As far as I am concerned I never pulled you over." There was no need to fake a crime anymore since she had figured it all out.

"Oh why thank you so much!" Ashley was truly glad about this. Besides, she just fucked her way out of her first ticket! Surprised, she got in her car and drove away. Driving down the highway she knew that she was never going to see this cop again.

Officer Mathews knew that was the first and last time he would be fucking her. He guessed it was a good thing that he had lied his way into getting laid.