 I got to the Yoga studio a little after five like Jenny had asked me, she was a girl I used to work with and she had been asking to meet up for a while. I'm not one for yoga but I did want to catch up with Jenny so I figured I'd give it a go. I walked into the studio and found it completely empty except for Jenny doing a pose in the middle of the room. 

"Hey," she said with a smile while keeping her composure. 

"Hey," I said, "are we the only ones?" 

"We couldn't really catch up with a whole class here could we?" she said switching poses, "that's why I asked you to come after the last class." 

"You're a yoga instructor now?" I asked. 

"Part time," said Jenny as she assumed a resting pose, "I'm surprised you agreed to come to yoga of all things." 

"What's the harm in trying something new?" I asked. 

Jenny shrugged, "I guess." 

"So teach away," I said, "and after I realize I'm no good at this we can talk while you finish your set." 

Jenny laughed and turned around, "ok try to mimic what I do." 

I was about to do just that when Jenny bent over and I saw her ass in those yoga pants. My worst fears were being realized my pants were already starting to bulge and I didn't want Jenny to see. I did a couple of poses, poorly I might add before Jenny turned to see how I was doing. 

"Wow you really are as bad as you thought you would be," said Jenny with a laugh. 

I got to my feet and went to make up an excuse when I saw Jenny staring at my crotch. Jenny quickly snapped herself out of it and got to her feet. She looked so sexy, hey thick toned legs and ass in the black yoga pants, her tight stomach and small perky breasts in her thin purple tank top, her blonde hair put up in a tight bun. 

"Maybe you'd be interested in trying some couples yoga moves," said Jenny as she continued to stare at me. 

I nodded my head and Jenny got to her knees and slid my tight pants off letting my dick fall free, I was already getting hard and she grabbed the base and wasted no time sticking it in her mouth. I had no idea Jenny had ever been attracted to me but this was getting the point across. 

After licking my tip for a bit Jenny took as much of me in her mouth as she could handle and stroked me as she sucked. Jenny waited until I was good and hard before she got to her feet. I put my hands on Jenny's waist and slowly slipped her tank top up revealing her tight body. Once I had the tank top off I cupped her small breasts with my hands and started to suck her nipples. 

Jenny grabbed the back of my head and pulled me into her chest as I sucked her hard nipples. I ran my hand over Jenny's pussy and it was soaked, I wasted no time in sliding my hand into her pants and rubbing her as she pulled me in for a long passionate kiss. Jenny turned away from me and pressed her ass up against my dick and started to grind it on me. I grabbed the yoga pants that were all that was between us and slid them slowly over her large ass and all the way off. 

"Lay on the mat," growled Jenny. 

I did as I was told and she climbed over me and grabbed my dick as she slowly lowered herself onto me. Jenny moaned as she took me in and leaned forward onto my chest as she started to grind up and down on me. 

"I wasn't sure you'd fit," said Jenny with a smile. 

I grabbed her ass with both hands and slowly worked myself into and out of her as she soaked my cock. She did feel tight around me and I loved every motion as we slowly worked each other. I grabbed Jenny and rolled us so she was on her back. 

"You wanted yoga moves?" said Jenny as she put both of her feet behind her head. 

I pressed myself slowly into her and she was so much tighter than before, if she wasn't sure I'd fit before I had the same worry now but I got all the way in as Jenny whimpered. I pulled out slowly and pressed in again. After a little while Jenny asked to switch positions. 

We got to our feet and Jenny leaned forward into downward facing dog and I leaned forward into her. I started fucking Jenny more quickly and she responded with a chorus of sighs and moans. Jenny must have cum two or three times in this position because my cock was getting soaked but somehow she didn't break the pose. Finally Jenny couldn't take anymore. 

"Follow me," she said. 

Jenny want to the closest wall and leaned forward on it sticking her ass out for me. I pressed myself in and reach around Jenny to grab both of her breasts. I pinched Jenny's nipples between my fingers as we fucked. As Jenny came again I felt myself getting close. I pulled out, my cock covered in Jenny's juices and put myself between her large ass cheeks. In a few quick thrusts I came on her ass. 

"I think I could get into this yoga thing," I said as I caught my breath.

Jenny smiled at me, "Get me a towel and I'll put you on a regimen."