 I was knee deep in a chemistry textbook. A neon pink highlighter dangling from my lips. My bed was covered in study guides, diagrams and formulas. I had a huge exam coming up in two days that was 60% of my final grade and will determine if I received my Masters in Science. I was beyond stressed out, but I was determined. My cell started buzzing and spinning in circles on the side table. I reached over to pick it up and looked at the display screen.

I sighed, "What Travis?"

Travis has been my best friend since preschool. We grew up in the same apartment building, on the same floor, three doors down from each other. Our mothers are best friends. We played together, went to the same schools and here we are twenty years later roommates both working towards master's degrees. Him in mathematics and me in science at MIT.

"You still studying?"

"You know I am." I picked up the book I was reading and laid back down in the spot I carved out for myself.

His voice dipped low. "You want to take a break?"

I chuckled, "What do you want?"

"Come to my room." His voice had a rasp to it. Which only occurred when he either had just woken up, or he was horny.

"I can't mess with you right now. What do you want?"

"You know what I want." He groaned.

"Hell nah. We agreed not to go there anymore."

"C'mon Stacee. I'm hard as brick over here. And I know you're not letting Charles hit that shit because I haven't heard your loud ass moaning in forever." He laughed.

"Shut up, jackass." I couldn't help, but laugh too.

Okay it's true me and my new boyfriend Charles haven't been intimate yet. He wants to wait. He's a full-time student like me, but he also worked as a bouncer at night. By the time he gets off work, I'm getting up to head to class. When I get home, we spend about two hours together before he's heading to work. So yeah, I was sexually frustrated. In the past, that's when I would hit up my bestie Travis for a couple of rounds of hot satisfying fucking. This time it's different. I really want to make it work with Charles. He's a good dude with great potential. I don't want to fuck it up, so studying and masturbation has been my distraction from my need to knock on Travis door in the middle of the night.

"Where's Emma? Your girlfriend? Why can't you call her to get you off?"

He let out a rough breath. "We broke up two weeks ago." I sat up in bed.

"Wait. What? Why didn't you tell me? What did you do?"

"Why the hell did I have to do something?" He sounded offended.

"I know you. You did something to sabotage it. Emma is a good girl."

"You didn't like her." He laughed.

"You're right. The bitch is too stuck up. And she was too fucking skinny, so not your type. What happened?"

"She broke up with me because I was distracting her from her studies. I guess the dick was making her forget shit." He laughed.

"Shut up. You too cocky for your own good. But I am sorry I wasn't there for you, Bubby." I used his childhood nickname.

His voice dipped again. "Be there for me now. Come sit on this dick and make me feel better. I know for sure it will make you feel good too. You know I've never been selfish when it comes to giving you pleasure, Mookie." He used my childhood nickname. Despite myself my body began to heat up. My breathing pattern changed, but I remained silent.

"I can hear you. You want it too. Dammit I can even smell that wet pussy right now. It's been three whole months since I've seen it, felt it, touched it, tasted it. You want me to eat it Mookie don't you? Yeah you do. Then you want me to fuck you silly. I'll do whatever you want. I'll do it. Just come to my room."

As he was talking I was already making my way down the hall to his room. I felt like the biggest whore walking. Charles is so sweet. Smart, driven and focused. He had an air of innocence about him. My mother would love him. He's good for me. The marrying kind. But Travis has a special hold on me sexually. He knows exactly where to touch me. He's so in tune with my body. He knows what I need before my mind could rationalize it.

"Stacee." He groaned as if he was in pain.

"Open the door." I said in a whisper. The phone was still pressed to my ear.

Travis ended the call. I could hear the shuffling of his feet before he snatched open the door.

My eyes raked over his solid, stocky body. He wore nothing but a pair of red pajama pants that hung low on his waist. The tent at his crotch gave way to his arousal.

"Travis, this is the last time. I swear." I said not even convincing myself.

He smiled grabbing my hand pulling me into his room. I reached back to shut and lock the door.

He sat down on his bed and placed me in front of him. His hands roamed the back of my thick bare thighs until he was palming my round ass over my stripped boy shorts. He tugged at the hem of my sweatshirt. I reached down and pulled it over my head. My heavy breast swung free.

"That's what the fuck I'm talking about. Cornbread fed." He smacked my ass. "Cambridge don't make 'em like you." He buried his face between my tits.

"You damn right. But I'm serious Travis this is the last time."

He latched onto my right nipple twirling his hot tongue around it.

"Travis?" I hissed as he pulled on it with his teeth.

He smiled against my breast. Knowing my mind goes to mush when his tongue is on me. He sucked greedily.

"Fuck." My middle wept. As good as his mouth felt I had to get my point across, so I stepped back. His lips and my nipples disconnecting.

He looked up at me pissed.

"Did you hear me?" I put my hands on my hips. "This is the last time and I mean it." "I fucking heard you Mookie damn. You fuckin' up the mood."

He was mad.

I shoved his shoulders. "Okay you jerk no need to get snippy with me."

Travis suddenly barred his teeth like a wolf. He scooped me up and tossed my 5'9 201 lbs over his shoulder with ease. I laughed as he stood to his full height.

"What the hell are you doing?"

He smacked my ass hard my breath caught in my throat and my pussy dripped. He slammed me roughly on his firm bed. I scooted backwards towards the headboard as he crawled in after me. He grabbed my left ankle and pulled me towards him.

I giggled. I loved when he was rough with me.

"I'll knock those giggles out your ass in a minute."

He leaned down and sucked my left nipple into his mouth. I arched my back.

"Whatever!" I squealed.

He reached down and snatched the shorts down my legs and tossed them aside. He put his hand between my thighs and cupped my hairless folds. I gasped sharply.

"You talk a lot of shit, but this wet pussy knows who it belongs to."

"Yeah it belongs to me." I squirmed against his hand.

That got a good laugh out of him. He entered me with his thick middle finger.

"Damn you're tight as hell. Ole church boy hasn't been stretching this pussy out?" He worked his finger in and out of me. He added another finger and quickened his pace causing me to gasp and leak all over his sheets. 

" This shit is super juicy for me. Does your pussy get this wet for that pretty boy? He looks too soft to fuck you like you like anyway" His fingers were working magic inside me.

"You talk too fuckin much." I hissed. My hips lifted off the bed.

He laughed, "Shut me up then."

I had no problem with that. 

"Get up." 

He climbed out of the bed licking my sweetness from his hand. He waited for my next command. I sat up on my knees. "Lose the pants." He hooked his thumbs in the waistband of his pants and pulled them down. Kicking them off his ankles he stood back upright; presenting himself to me. Just like the rest of his body, his dick was thick and solid with a slight curve at the top. It almost looked painful how hard he was. His pubs were trimmed low and his balls hung round and hefty. It indeed has been a minute for him. I was about to change that.

"Come lay down." I moved over to allow his massive body some space. Once he was settled, I straddled his body with my head facing his feet. 

His hands were immediately on my ass. 

"Mm sit that pussy on my face."

I lowered onto his awaiting mouth. He took a deep hard lick across my sex. "Eat it baby." I grind down on his tongue.

He wrapped his arms around my thighs securing me to his face. I rocked against him as he feasted.

I leaned forward took a hold of his dick. I twirled my tongue around head and licked up the pre-cum. He groaned against my clit causing a delicious vibration.

"Oh fuck."

I spit on his cock. I stroked up and down, licking the head like an ice cream cone. His hips began to flex. I knew what he wanted.

I received a smack on my ass. "Stop fucking around and deep throat that shit." I took him deep in my throat in one swallow. I am well versed in this.

Aw damn. Shit. Fuck. Fuck." He yelled out. "Dammit suck that muthafucka." He massaged my buns.

I slowly pulled him from my throat letting my slobber coat his shaft.

I dived back in. taking him deep. Bobbing my head earnestly. I opened my eyes and I could see his toes curl.

Knowing I was putting it down gave me an ego boost and made my pussy wetter. I rubbed it against his chin. He took the hint and resumed licking and slurping up my juices.

We were both working hard to see who could get who to finish first. It was a game we played. A competition for bragging rights.

The tell-tell signs were the muscles in his thighs clenching. He was close, so I worked harder. I was winning. So, I thought...

I screamed around his cock when he pressed a finger deep into my asshole. I released his cock and gripped the sheets beside his knees. He was cheating.

"Oh, I fucking hate you." I screamed. My pussy muscle contracted. My ass clenched. I knew I lost when he pumped his finger viciously and sucked my clit like a pacifier. I came like a freight train drenching his face and sheets beneath him. I'm sure if our roommate Russ was here, he would be banging on the wall telling me to shut up. He was the only one who knew our secret. To anyone else Travis and I were like brother and sister. Little do they know we've been boning the hell out of one another since were teenagers. 

My thighs shook uncontrollably. I whimpered. Travis continued to gently lick up my cum, but even that was too much simulation. I pulled away on all fours above him. I haven't cum like that in a long time. I could faintly hear him chuckle in between my heavy breathing. He slid from underneath me.

"I got you good, didn't I?" He smacked my ass and moved in front of me.

My thighs were still quaking. "Shut...shut up."

He laughed. "Poor baby I'm sorry I had to pull that little trick out on you. You were about to make me cum all quick and shit. And you know I aint no two-minute brotha, no matter how fire the head is."

In spite myself I laughed too.

"That shit was good though, right? Look at my face. I know it was good. I haven't gotten you to pop like that in a minute." He licked his lips. He annoyed me with his gloating.

"I've had better." I couldn't resist being a smart ass.

"Yeah okay."

He flipped me on my back. "We'll see what you say once this dick is up in you." He plunged his nine inches deep into my ocean without assistance. Like a heat seeking missile.

We yelled out in unison. He put his hands behind my knees pressing them back towards my shoulders.

"Talk that shit now."

I was reduced to grunts and squeals as he pounded into me with deep long strokes.

"I promise you got the best pussy in the world." He strained to say.

I looked up at him. His eyebrows were etched together in concentration and determination as he watched himself slid in and out of me. I ran my nails across his flexing abs and his chest, he shuddered. He grabbed my hands and pinned them above my head with one hand. He began a fluid slow stroke that caused a delicious friction against my clit.

"Oh fuck." I began to leak again.

"Ah baby girl you're coming for me again."

"Yes." I said breathlessly.

He sped up. "Huh? I can't hear you."

I screamed out, "Yes. Now stop fucking playing around and make this pussy pop, so I can get back to studying." I was so close.

He half laughed, and half grunted. "You know I love it when you talk shit." He power-drove into me. Tearing my pussy up. I came screaming his name. He slows down prolonging my orgasm while releasing his. 

A few strokes later he spent all his spoils inside me. He laid on top of me sweaty and quivering. His face buried in my neck. I played in the sweat on his back. Still trying to steady my breathing. He began to soften inside of me and eventually slip out. I was a twitching, creaming mess.

After my body calmed down I was able to gain some sense about myself. Travis was so proud of himself and he had every right to be. His sex is top notch. The best yet and we've been doing this dance for almost eight years. We were each other's first. There has been an assortment of gentlemen that's laid me down, but none compared to Travis Anthony McKay. He knew that and that made him cocky and annoying as hell. 

Travis rolled us over until I was laying on top of him.

"Shit Mook you don't know how much I needed that." He said pulling a sheet over our quickly chilling bodies.

"I have to admit I needed it too." 

We shared a quick kiss. I laid on his chest listening to his heartbeat return to normal. He was sated and satisfied. I was as well, but also something else. Guilt started to set in. Travis felt the change right away.

He moved the hair from my face. "What's wrong?"

"Nothing." I cuddled closer to him.

"You really like dude, don't you?"

"I do."

"That's good thing, right?"

"I don't know. I know I'm just going to mess it up somehow. I don't do the whole relationship thing. I'm a hit it and quit it type of girl. Charles is different though. I see a future with him."

"Damn it's that serious."

"I think so. I know mom would love him."

He laughed, "Wow."

"What?"

"Nothing. I'm happy for you. You finally found someone that makes you want to put up your THOT hat."

I hit his chest. "Shut the fuck up."

He laughed harder.

"I can't stand your simple ass." I pulled back the covers. "I'm going to go take a shower and get some more studying done. You should be doing the same." I climbed out of the bed.

"I'm good. I'll catch a few Z's."

He turned on his stomach and put a pillow underneath his head.

"This good pussy put your ass to sleep huh?" I said putting my sweatshirt over my head. He tossed a pillow at me. "Get out."

I dodged it. "You don't have to admit, but we both know the power she holds."

After I showered I realized I hadn't eaten much all day. And after my bout with Travis I was starving. I was relaxed and had a new burst of energy. Still guilty as hell, but energized all the same. I decided to be generous and cook dinner for all three of us. Fried chicken, yeast rolls, mac and cheese and green beans. Russ loved when I cooked "southern food", so I made sure I made a lot because the boy can eat. An hour later I was almost done cooking when Travis emerged from his room in the same red pajama pants with no shirt.

"It smells good up here. What you up in here burning?" He smacked my ass than rubbed it.

I groaned and turned towards him. "Boy keep your hands to yourself."

With a hand around my waist he snatched me up until we were chest to chest. "You weren't saying that shit a little while ago when I was all up in those guts."

I bit my lip trying to suppress moan.

"But I'm saying it now." I wiggled out of his hold. He let go of me and I turned towards the stove to stir my green beans.

He chuckled, "You still worried about Charlie?" I didn't answer him. "We've been doing this since we were fifteen and it has never been a problem no matter who you were dating. What's the difference now?"

I turned towards him. "The difference now is those guys before him were just for fun. Nothing serious. That's why it was easy to continue sex you behind their backs. I have real feelings for Charles. I want it to work out between us. Fucking you is unfair to him."

"You came to my room remember."

"After you begged me to."

"You could've said no."

"I could've, but I didn't want to. Look the point is Charles might be the real deal and he deserves a fair chance."

"So, you're breaking up with me?" He smirked, but there was a bit of sadness in his eyes.

"Yes." I said a little unsure.

"Are you sure?"

I nodded my head.

"Because I will respect your wishes and keep this anaconda away from you." He didn't have a serious bone in his body.

I walked up on him and wrapped my arms around his waist. He wrapped his arms around my shoulders. I laid my head on his chest.

"Thank you."

"It's no problem. Anything for you."

"I love you Bubby."

"I love you too Mookie. "

We held each other a little longer. This really felt like a breakup.

He broke the silence first, "I swear if he breaks your heart I promise I'll break every bone in his body." He said seriously.

I smiled into his chest. He has always been my protector. "I know."

"Trav?"

"Yeah?"

"You smell like pussy." I pushed at his chest.

He threw his head back and let out the loudest most annoying laugh. I laughed right along with his crazy ass.

"It's your pussy Mook, but I'm going to take a shower."

"Hurry up so your food won't get cold."

"Cool."

"Oh Trav?"

"What's up?"

"Stop exaggerating you know damn you're six inches hard, but it's okay you know how to work it though."

"Bullshit."

"Alright maybe seven and a half?" I shrugged.

"Yeah okay, but this seven and a half had your ass coming all over it, didn't it?"

"You're so damn nasty."

"Yup and you loved every nasty filthy thing I've ever done to you. And you know it?" Before I could respond he closed the bathroom door behind him. I shook my head. 

There was a knock at the door. 

"One second." I wiped my hands on my apron. I opened the door. Emma was on the other side.

"Emma, what's up?" 

The skinny blond was in her usual slutty attire. Low cut crop-top and barely there jean shorts, looking pitiful.

"Hey, Stacee is Travis here?"

"Emma, what are you doing here?" Travis said from behind me with a towel around his waist. He wasn't wet, so he must've just gotten undress. 

I moved out of the way, so they could speak. 

"I wanted to see you." She whined.

"You broke up with me, remember?" 

"I know, but I miss you." She touched his chest. 

I rolled my eyes.

"I was just about to take a shower."

"Let me take it with you, I'm feeling a little dirty myself. I can wash your back for you." 

She pulled at his towel. I almost gagged. 

"Fine, Get your ass in the bathroom."

"Yes, daddy." She kissed his lips. Tonguing him down. He smacked her ass. 

That frail bitch didn't know she just got a sample of my pussy. 

She skipped pass me to the bathroom. Travis looked at me and I shook my head. 

"You ain't shit."

"Nope and you ain't either." He shot back before heading to the bathroom.

Touché.