 The night started out like any other, as I got home from work tired from the busy day. Joe was taking a shower when I walked into the bedroom. I heard the shower turn off and after a few minutes; Joe opened the bathroom door wrapped in a towel. As he came toward me he loosened the towel, dropping it from his body onto the floor. I was excited when I saw his cock. It was beautiful. He wasn't even hard but it was hanging there calling me. As I sat on the edge of the bed he came up in front of me. My head was about a foot above the level of his beautiful penis. He stood close in front of me, silent, as I studied him. His cock was wonderful and I could feel my excitement grow as I thought about what I wanted to do with it. I wanted to feel his balls and the smooth skin of his penis. I wanted to make him hot and excited, feel his penis become engorged and begin to swell in my mouth as I sucked it. 

I reached out and cupped his balls with one hand. With the other I raised his penis and studied the underside. Oh man, just touching him made me wet between my legs. His cock instantly grew erect. I massaged his balls and stroked his cock between my fingers. Immediately his penis reacted, becoming larger and began to stiffen. I lowered my head and placed my lips on the tip of his penis, then took his growing manhood into my mouth. Oh, it was wonderful, the feel of him in my mouth! I only took the head of his swollen penis into my mouth. His light brown cock head was velvety smooth but hard. I tasted it with my tongue and explored its every feature. I ran my tongue around the ridge of his cock head and flicked my tongue into the hole at the tip, as I continued to squeeze his pulsating balls and stroke his thickening penis with my hand. I backed off and looked at the big, thick cock in front of me. 

It was fully erect and almost seven inches long. Just looking at this erect cock got me excited. Knowing that I would be sucking and loving this love tool with my mouth, licking it, sucking it, swallowing it, making it throb and cum, tasting its juice, got me hot and excited. I took his penis back into my mouth and swallowed as much of it as I could. I could feel his cock reaching the back of my throat and still two inches of his shaft remained. Joe gave a sigh and put his hands on the back of my head as pulled me forward as I sucked his lollypop. Initially I thought I was going to choke, but I relaxed, and breathed through my nose. I enjoyed the sensation of Joe's cock filling my mouth. Joe said, "OOhhhh that's good, your mouth is so hot." 

He began to stroke himself into my mouth and said, "Let your throat relax, try to take more of me...� When I relaxed even further, Joe was able to push the full length of his cock all the way down my throat, giving me a start, and I was soon able to swallow his entire length, swallowing it to the base. I thought I would gag at first but I was so excited I wanted to swallow it all. I wanted him to fuck me deep down my throat; I wanted my mouth to be his pussy. I could feel him continue to swell and become harder as I moved my mouth up and down the entire length of his beautiful cock, coating it with my saliva. His cock kept getting harder and thicker each time I swallowed it. I loved how thick and long he was getting, his bigness, his hardness excited me to no end. 

My pussy was now at dripping from wetness and throbbing with excitement. He held my head as he stood in front of me with his gorgeous cock in my mouth, stroking slowly forward with his hips, pushing his manhood down my throat and groaning with the pleasure I was giving him. I would deep-throat his throbbing penis down him to the root, letting him push his cock down my throat until his balls rested on my chin. Again and again he slid his thickness into my hungry mouth pumping and thrusting my mouth. As he stroked his manhood in and out of my mouth I pressed my lips around his shaft and worked my tongue around it, feeling the smooth skin of his thick member, sucking his cock into my mouth, pushing forward to swallow all of him as he pushed his cock deep into my mouth. Suddenly, Joe pulls back, taking his cock completely out of my mouth. I looked up with a questioning expression. Joe gently pushes me back onto the bed. 

As I lay down, he reaches down and unbuttons my shirt. He begins rubbing his balls and his cock across my stomach and chest until his heavy penis hangs above my mouth. I flick my tongue out, licking along the underside of his cock, licking around his swollen head as he moves forward. I take his beautiful manhood into my mouth again and stroke up and down several short, quick strokes before he strokes his hips forward. I obey, opening my mouth wide, letting him thrust his hard throbbing penis deep down my throat until I have swallowed all of him. Again he withdraws only to plunge his beautiful cock down my throat to the hilt. Then again he withdraws, letting me do several short strokes, lathering his head with my lips and tongue. He is above me now, on his hands and knees, straddling my face, his big, heavy, thickness pointed directly down my throat. 

He gently pushes his penis into my mouth and I gratefully take it and swallow it, opening wide to accept his manhood, letting him push his hard penis deep down my throat, taking him, swallowing him, sucking him, tasting him, feeling his penis fuck my mouth and if it were my pussy. Slowly he withdraws almost his full length, then strokes forward again, quicker now. Pushing his entire cock into my mouth, down my throat. As he continues to stroke his cock in and out of my mouth his pace soon quickens. I open my mouth to take him. 

He is really fucking my mouth now, as he would fuck my pussy, rapidly driving his penis in and out of my mouth, thrusting and bucking with his hips, fucking my mouth, driving his big cock in and out, fucking me in the mouth. I lie there rubbing myself between my legs as he fucks my mouth with his hard prick, fucking my mouth deep and hard, fast and furious. Soon he slows, changing his strokes to long smooth glorious strokes, giving me his entire length. Then as he drives again to the hilt, I hold him there, pulling his ass to me, sucking hard on the root of his cock, and putting pressure around the base with my lips. He is buried in my mouth and I feel his hard manhood stiffen even more, his penis throbs and he pulls my head, pushing himself farther down my throat. Then he slows down his thrusting as I feel the hot juices ooze from him. 

I taste his pre-cum flowing onto my tongue. It is like a river spilling from his penis. It is hot and thick as it squirts from his cock. The taste and texture excite me to want more as I swallow every drop. I suck and lick the head of his cock, milking the cream from his big stick with my hands. I take him from my mouth after I have sucked all the cum from his penis not allowing it to just ooze out on its own. Holding his dripping manliness over my wide-open mouth, milking him, showing him I will swallow everything. With my tongue extended, I catch some of his cum, letting some drip on my lips and quickly grabbing it with my tongue. I am in ecstasy as I continue to rub my pussy through my pants. 

My clit is erect, my pussy lips are excited and I am dripping juices onto my panties. Again I take him into my mouth, swallowing every inch of his pulsating cock. He begins to stroke his hard cock, slippery with my saliva and his cum, deep into my mouth. I am close to orgasm myself; my pussy is pulsing with pleasure as I rub harder and harder. I want him to cum again. I want to feel his penis swell and explode in my mouth. His pace quickens as he repeatedly slides his rod into my hungry mouth. I suck and swallow, moaning and groaning with pleasure. 

More pre-cum, flows from his throbbing cock as I wrap my hand around the base of his shaft, stroking and milking him. Suddenly Joe pulls his hard dripping penis from my mouth and rolls off me onto his back. I move down the bed and get between his legs. The sight from this position was marvelous; Joe's penis was standing straight up dripping pre-cum down the swollen shaft. I knew he was hard and hot for me. It is slick with my saliva and his juices and there's more pre-cum welling up from the hole at the tip of his head. I lean down and suck the head of his cock, lavishing it with my tongue. 

Joe's cock gave a mighty twitch as I sucked on it. His balls moved around in the sack. I pulled back, letting his head pop out of my mouth. His big cock was raging. I then sucked on it some more, sucking and licking it for a minute before again letting it pop out of my mouth. I moved up and began to kiss and lick around the base of Joe's manhood. I kissed and licked my way up his entire length, licking up his cum until I was sucking his cum as it flowed from his throbbing hard prick. I couldn't believe how much cum he had in him for me, and he was yet to fully ejaculate. I slid my lips down, engulfing his head, then sliding my mouth down further, engulfing his shaft, swallowing him, taking him deep into my mouth. 

Slowly I swallowed all of him, then as his hard rod actually enters my throat, I force it all the way in. When I have his entire length buried in my throat, my lips wrapped tightly around the base of his penis and my cheeks bulging with the size of him, I make small movements with my head, quickly up and down and back and forth. I am rewarded by the further stiffening of Joe's cock and more pre-cum. He grabs my head, with his fingers entwined in my hair and fucks his full length up into my willing mouth, pushing himself deeper into my throat then withdrawing several inches only to ram it back in. Again and again he fucks his hard on deep down my throat and I love it. I pull back and slow the pace down. I suck on his head, lick his thick shaft then swallow him again, making love to his penis with my lips, tongue, mouth and throat. I am in ecstasy hearing him moan. I kneel forward on my knees sucking Joe's cock. Joe said it felt like electricity was going through his groin. His cock is hard as steel and squirting cum into my mouth. I continue to suck on Joe's plump dick, loving every inch of it, sucking up his cum. 

I know he is going to fuck me soon and I get all the more excited knowing that. Joe pushes me off of him and pulls his cock back from me lubricated with his cum. He tells me to just watch as he grabs his hard cock with his hand and begins to stroke it. 

Slow at first and then fast and hard. Pre-cum is dripping from the tip as he frantically strokes his throbbing cock in front of me. He lets out moans and groans as his hips begin to tighten and he arches his back. He tells me to bend down as he grabs the back of my head with his other hand. He tells me to open my mouth as he is about to cum. He wants me to swallow his cum as he stokes himself off. Just before he begins to cum he pulls me down and tells me to open my mouth. As I do, he shoots a hot thick load of cum into my mouth as he screams out in pleasure. 

As he strokes himself he pulls me down onto his hard cock and tells me to suck it. I obey and begin to suck the sweet hot cum from the hole as it jets out of his hard cock. He grabs my head and holds me down onto his hard cock until I swallow every drop of cum that pulses from the tip. Joe lets out another sigh and tenses his entire body as I swallow the entire length into my mouth. I can fell the head of his cock in my throat as his hot cum shoots out. As the last drop streams out he begins to relax and his cocks begins to go limp. Just as I thought the night was done he pushes me off of him and rolls me onto my back. My pussy is throbbing and still hot and wet from the excitement of swallowing his entire cock and drinking his cum. 

Joe gets up and kneels over me. He bends down and removes my bra to expose my tits and erect nipples. He begins to suck on my nipples going from one tit to another and then squeezes and holds them both together and sucks on both nipples at the same time. My pussy is throbbing and dripping hot juices. I can feel my panties getting wet as my juices run down between my legs. For several minutes he sucks and softly bites my nipples. My pussy is aching and wanting. My whole body is on fire. I can feel that his cock is hard again and dripping onto my stomach. The feel of his hot pre-cum dripping on me excites me even more. I reach up with my hand and begin to stroke his hard cock. The cum that is dripping from him makes my stroking him easy and smooth. 

I can feel his cock pulsing and getting harder as I grasp it with my hand. The harder I stroke him the harder he sucks on my nipples. It almost makes me cum but I hold it back not wanting the pleasure to end. Joe soon lowers his head and slides his hot tongue between my tits and down onto my stomach. I release his cock as he moves his head towards my pussy. He unbuttons my pants as I shiver with anticipation as I hope he goes down on me and eats my pussy. Slowly he lowers my pants from my waist and removes them followed by my wet panties. He runs his hand over my pussy rubbing my clit with his fingers and his tongue swirls on my stomach. 

Before I know it he slides his finger into my hot wet pussy where he probes and teases me into frenzy. His finger is going in and out of me. He slides a second finger into my ass and he is stroking both my holes at the same time. The double penetration makes me want to cum. He begins to suck on my clit and around the outside of my pussy. He licks between my pussy lips and them thrusts his tongue inside me flicking the hole from where I pee. It drives me crazy. I want to cum. 

I am quivering with pleasure. It feels so good as I moan and groan and let out loud sighs. His fingers and tongue are making my tremble inside as they tease, poke, lick and probe my pussy. Joe then slides his entire body down between my legs and lifts one of them into the air. I looked down at him with his head between my legs and go into ecstasy as I wait for what comes next. First he held up one of my legs from behind my knee and braced his shoulder against the other as he drives his hot tongue into my pussy. I can feel his fingers sliding in and out of me in opposite directions as his tongue thrusts inside. He is swirling his tongue on my clit and then thrusting it inside me. His fingers are stroking inside my pussy and my ass. 

It's all I can do to keep myself from cumming in his mouth. He is pushing his tongue and fingers deep inside me. Sometimes he sucks on my clit and then sucks the inside on my pussy followed by licking between my pussy lips and then on the outside of both of them. My ass tightens up each time he sucks on me as I feel my insides trembling. His fingers are probing inside me. I can feel his fingers touching inside me only separated by the skin inside me between my pussy and my ass. Joe keeps licking and sucking my clit and pussy on both the outside and inside. He is flicking and swirling his tongue in and out of me. I feel like I'm on fire. My whole body is trembling. My pussy is aching for more. He is licking and sucking my pussy into frenzy. 

I feel like electricity is running through me as his tongue and fingers probe and pleasure me. I can feel pulsing deep inside me with his every lick of my pussy. Just when I thought I was going to cum Joe removed his hand, raised his head and grabbed my other leg and was now holding both of my legs high in the air just below the back of my knees as far apart as he could get them. He lowered his head and began to suck and lick my pussy with frenzy. 

Licking, sucking, thrusting, teasing, probing over my clit, my pussy lips and then inside me with his tongue. Repeatedly he followed a pattern of sucking, licking and thrusting his tongue inside me and around the outside of my pussy. I could feel his saliva running down between my legs to my ass. 

It felt like he was had been licking and sucking my pussy for an hour before he stopped. I was on fire, I was moaning and groaning, breathing heavy and feeling like I was being shocked with electricity. Suddenly I could no longer hold it. My body tensed up, my pussy began to pulsate and I started to cum. It felt almost painful as my cum seeped from between my legs. I could feel my pussy quivering as my ass tightened up. It felt so good I almost couldn't breath. Joe kept on licking and sucking as I screamed out...I'm cummmmmmmmmming, I'm cummmmmmmmmmming! 

Just as I was about to say it again Joe let go of my legs and quickly moved up to kiss me. As he did he slid his hard pulsing cock deep inside me. I let out a scream of pleasure. The feeling of Joe's cock entering me, as I was cumming from his sucking my pussy was more than my body could handle. Joe raised my legs up and locked his arms around them so that I could not lower them. He began fucking me in my pussy as hard as he could thrusting his cock deep inside me. He would pull his cock out until just the head was left in my pussy and then thrust it back into me deep and hard. Repeatedly he drove his hard cock inside me. While he was fucking my pussy he was alternately sucking my nipples and kissing me, sometimes biting my lips and tongue. Sometimes he would suck the breath from my mouth causing me to become light headed as he continued to fuck me frantically. 

I was in a dream like state still cumming as his rock hard cock was tormenting ravishing my hot wet pussy. With every stroke he took, I could feel my pussy shooting out hot cum. My body tensed up and it felt so good it hurt and I couldn't move. I was frozen from pleasure. Again I screamed out...I'm cumming!!!! I was like being on a drop from a roller coaster. I was waiting for it to stop and I clinched my teeth. I wouldn't stop because Joe kept fucking me; thrust after thrust he rammed his hard cock into me. After a few minutes I could feel that I had stopped cumming. Joe lowered my legs and pulled out of me. I thought we were done but I was wrong. 

Joe was still hard and wanted more of me. He rolled me over onto my stomach and spread my legs. I felt him put his cock against my ass, pressing the head against my tight hole. I moaned as he lubricated my tight hole with his own cum that was dripping from his cock. He rubs the head of his cock in my crack and around my hole. Again he moves his cock around between my legs, from behind me with his long erectness. With a steady slow thrust I feel his cock enter my ass, pressing and probing at the edge of my hole. I think to myself 'I hope this is not going to hurt, but I want him inside my ass. I want him to fuck me in my ass. 

I want to feel him cum in my ass. I push back towards him, and in unison, Joe pushes forward burying his cock deep inside me with one hard stroke. I let out a scream from the pain but I still wanted it. I feel every inch of him as he slips and slides deep into me. I cried out from the pain and the pleasure of it as Joe's delicious cock thrusted deep inside me as he let out a loud moan. I was filled with his cock and I loved it, I wanted it all inside me. I quickly relaxed and realized that I had created the pain in my mind. I was taking all of Joe inside me and it felt great. Joe was fucking me in the ass. I took every inch he gave me as he arched his hips, stroking his manhood into my ass. He reached around my waist and fingered my excited hot pussy with his hand while he slowly stroked his swollen member in and out of my ass. 

It felt huge, but I loved it even through the pain, which was almost gone. His manhood filled my hole deep and complete. I could feel my sphincter relaxing inside and the excitement building deep inside me as his movements increased in speed and power. He was moving his cock in and out of me letting me get used to this new excitement. With every stroke I enjoyed it more. He stopped and I could feel his cock moving, flexing deep inside of me. I replied by tightening my ass muscles, squeezing his cock in my asshole, enjoying the grunts of pleasure he let out. Again he started to move inside me, now with short strokes, barely moving his penis in and out of me. I could feel the inside of me stretching and becoming looser with every stroke. I loved it. It felt so good to have him inside me. The sensation of Joe's cock filling my asshole was exquisite. I felt Joe getting ready to cum, as I was reaching a pinnacle of excitement too. He continued to finger my pussy, which gave me a double sensation of ecstasy having both of my holes being pleasured at the same time. 
