 "Are you still awake?" 

A quick text at 3am.

He's probably asleep...

"Yea, just woke up. What's up?"

He's up? Good!

"I need you now."

"Omw"

I had just gotten into bed when it hit me, I was suddenly so horny. Thankfully I have a friend with benefits who lives around the corner, 5 minutes and he'd be here. I quickly got up and pulled the blankets off the bed so we could get right to it. I pulled off my pajamas as well, better greet him in a robe to preserve some modesty from possible voyeurs. *Ding!*

"I'm here"

I open the door to see the hungry look on his face. I shoot him a mischievous grin and drag him inside. When I turn to him he pounces, pinning me to the door as he kisses me hard. I slide my fingers through his hair as I pull him closer, I can feel his erection through his jeans and can't wait any longer. I push on his hips to put some space between us and turn him enough to give him a light smack on the ass and nod in the direction of my bedroom, "Go on then."

As he moves toward the room he begins to shed his clothes, a shirt on a doorknob, pants in the corner, and boxers in the doorway. Once I make it to the bedroom he pulls me in for another hard kiss, lips crushing against each other as he unties the flimsy robe and lets it fall to the floor. My hands slide up his body, enjoying the feel of the developing muscle, the gym is doing wonderful things for him. I lightly drag my nails down his back as he moves to bite the tender spot on my neck. He looks down at me and smiles, the next thing I know I'm in midair, being tossed onto the bed. I had barely land when his face was between my legs, his tongue flicking across my clit; he looks up and smiles at me, his beard is dripping with my wetness. 

This is his favorite past time, eating pussy, and boy is he good at it! He grins at how excited I already am as he slides a finger into my pussy, quickly adding another. He watches me enjoy his fingers for a few seconds before diving back to lick my clit. Harder and faster come his fingers, bending inside to hit my G-spot as his spare hand reaches for my breast, pinching and twisting my nipple. Moaning under his ministrations I know I can't hold off much longer as the orgasm builds inside me. Then his tongue is gone, he watches my reaction as he teases me, grinning because he knows how close I am and enjoying making me wait. His fingers continue to move in and out of me, but now his thumb is lightly sliding over my clit, not quite enough to cum, but enough to keep me right on the edge. Finally, he's ready for his next favorite torment, multiple orgasms. His mouth comes down hard on my clit as he licks and sucks it with great fervor as he slams his fingers in harder and harder, hitting the G-spot every time as my orgasm explodes. 

My fists in his hair holding his head in place as I ride his fingers through the intense pleasure, grinding into his mouth. As the orgasm subsides he began to slow his movements, for a few seconds, until he redoubles his efforts with renewed vigor, bringing about another orgasm, harder than the first as I squeal in pleasure at the rush as my pussy clamps down on his fingers and my hips buck involuntarily, seeking more. His other arm snakes around, pressing my hips back down into the mattress as he continues to eat me out. Again, he slows as the orgasm ebbs, but almost immediately begins the torturous pounding once again. His tongue swirling around my clit, teasing it with his teeth and my body continues to shudder and move with him as a third orgasm quickly builds in the onslaught of stimulation. This time I can barely hold back the screams as he finger fucks me into oblivion. When I finally come down his fingers are still moving slowly, while he grins, knowing he did a very good job, with pussy juice coating his beard as proof. 

"Have fun?" 

He didn't wait for an answer before standing up and sliding his hard dick inside me, bending over to kiss me as he began fucking me; the grin gone and the hungry look back on his face. His hands grip my hips as he lifts them up for a better angle as his movements become hard and fast, loudly banging my bed into the wall. One hand releases my hips to reach down and grab my breast, squeezing the firm flesh and pinching the nipple. He pushes me farther onto the bed as he thrust so he can climb on as well. Now his hands are free to place mine together above my head, his unspoken command not to move them until he says so. His hand caresses the side of my face, coming down my neck, he grabbing my neck lightly at first, then applying pressure little by little at each thrust. Pinned by my neck, choking slightly, as he fucks me, his face showing me that in that moment, I was his.

"Ride me, hard."

He released my throat and slid off of me as he made his demand. As a dancer I knew a few tricks to make him drool and pant as I ride him. I crawled on top of him and quickly lowered myself onto his dick. As I slowly began to move I ran my fingers through my hair, pushing my tits out, running my hands down my neck and shoulders, cupping my breasts and pinching my nipples before continuing down the sides of my body. Once I reached my thighs my hands changed and slithered up his torso, grating my nails across the soft flesh until I stroked his beard and hair, letting my hard nipples just graze his chest. As I sat back up I dragged my nails back down, hard enough to leave red welts lining his torso. After the little show I began his favorite of my dance moves, the undulation. Lift the pelvis, then slide it back as your chest slides forward, similar to a crowd wave, the body is in constant motion, sliding back and down and forward and up. I love to watch his face as I mix it up with hip circles and figure eights, traditional bumping and grinding, and showing off just how well those Kegels have worked. Soon his hips are thrusting up to meet my movements, making me moan, hearing this he rubs his thumb over my sensitive clit, getting me close, so close, until-

"Get up, I want to watch your face in the mirror while I fuck you."

I slowly slide off of his hard cock and reposition myself on all fours facing the large mirror over the dresser on the other side of the bed. Then he's behind me, roughly shoving his cock back inside me as he grabs my hips to pull me back while he thrusts inside. As he begins thrusting forcefully he watches me in the mirror, the way my tits bounce, the need in my eyes, the way my hands desperately grab at the sheets. He hits my G-spot, hard; that's why he loves this position, I orgasm, a lot. I feel one of his hands move down to stroke my clit, hoping to set me off quickly. As my arms begin to give out his other hand comes up and grabs my shoulder, holding me up so he can watch my face as the orgasm takes hold, the hand has to leave my clit to keep us from falling over, but it doesn't matter. He's hitting my G-spot so hard with every thrust, I'm moaning and those moans are threatening to become screams as he continues to pound into me harder and faster than before. He lets go of my shoulder and takes back my hip as I fall forward onto my forearms. His arm is around my waist; it moves up to support my chest enough that he can bite my neck as he humps me furiously. He can only hold us up for so long before he has to let go and returns to the hard and fast rhythm of before; I know this means he's almost finished as well. Soon he shifts to slower, deeper thrusts as he cums hard and long inside me.

We collapse in bed together, holding each other close as we try to catch our breaths. He kisses the top of my head, "I've missed you."

"I've missed you too, it's been too long. Stay with me tonight?"

"Always."