 It was negative ten degrees Fahrenheit outside and the sun wasn't even up yet on that winter morning when I arrived at my Englishman's house. The door creaked from the cold and the entry alert sounded extra loud this morning as I walked into his dark familiar entryway. I peeled my clothes off quickly as I walked silently to his bedroom, his door shut as usual, I tried to make no noise as I turned the handle. I stood there, at the foot of his bed, silently for a short lifetime and I stared at my Englishman as he slept; wondering to myself, how on earth did I ever get so lucky. I slipped quietly under his many blankets and I took his cock to my lips and felt 'him' slowly grow and firm in my mouth as he slept still and peaceful. My lips held his shaft tight, they slid very slow up and down his length as my tongue pressed firm against the underside of his cock.

My tongue rounded his cock-head, I pushed back his foreskin with my hand and mouth as it got very steamy under his blankets and in between my thighs as he started to wake. I slipped a finger between my thighs and felt my wetness as I flicked and rubbed my clit, nothing would relieve the ache that grew inside of me. I continued to massage his cock with my warm wet mouth, but it was his soft moans and his adjustment in position that only served to quicken my pace on 'him'. He slowly took the blankets off my head one by one, then I saw his face and he smiled as he looked at his morning present, I smiled back at him the best I could with his cock still pressed firmly in the back of my throat. 

His hand outstretched and his fingers moved easily through my curly auburn hair before they moved down my cheek ever so slow and soft, gentle as a whisper as they brushed over my breasts and then under my arms where they held tight to my ribs as he pulled me up to his lips. 'Oh damn', I thought, 'Mmm, I missed those lips.' His mouth felt just like home should as our tongues greeted each other again for the first time after being apart for two long weeks.

"Good Morning my love!" I said as I looked down at him. 

I couldn't help but melt a little inside a bit more as he whispered in my ear before his soft, thin lips kissed their way to my neck as I slid my hungry wet pussy down on top of his stiff cock,

"You are my best mornings! Mmm yes, Baby, I can tell 'she' really missed me."

"You know very well that 'she' did!" I whispered back into his ear.

My lips found and kissed every inch of his shaven head as my legs spasmed hard against his hips, his body rose to meet mine over and over until finally I stopped shaking on top of him. His warm mouth felt so amazing as his lips enveloped my upper chest with kisses and nibbles before he pulled my face back to his, his mouth pressed hard against mine; it felt like we were lip locked for too short of an eternity. 

His strength then overtook my body and I loved as he completely pinned me to his solid chest. My mouth was not lost upon his lips as his hips beat repeatedly against my ass cheeks. He thrust his cock hard, fast, and deep inside my quivering pussy.

"Oh..Mmm, Oh Fuck me my love. Oh yes lover, make my pussy cum!" I cried out in heated passion. 

His eyes never looked away as he looked up at me and said, "Yes, I want you to soak my fucking cock, Baby...Yes. That's it Baby, don't stop. Grip 'him' hard until you feel me cum inside you. YES, keep cumming for me Baby! Oh FUCK!! I going to cum!" 

He growled at me before I pressed my mouth hard against his, his finger dug deep into my hips as he emptied himself inside my swollen pussy, his teeth bit into my lower lip as he growled again into my mouth until the last drop was surely given. 

We kissed so lustfully and deeply, I didn't think I could get any more dizzy, but I did as I pulled my lips sadly away from his and sprung from his magnificent cock to fetch a much needed towel. I laid in his arms after we cleaned ourselves up and I kissed him as many times as time would allow before I had to get up and get dressed.

"You will always be my favorite mornings too!" I said to him while I also visually said goodbye to my naked Englishman laid out so perfectly before my lustful eyes.

"Until next time my Lover." He said, blowing me kisses as I walked from his bedroom.