 Ben sat at a table in the Casino bar by himself. He was scanning the room, some action would be real nice, he was thinking.

Housewife types were all over the place, lots of white hair and wrinkles which didn't do much for him.

Ben was on the lookout for a Cougar, or maybe some couple that popped in wanting to play some sexy games.

He discovered that quite by accident on one of his nights out. A woman had came in, dressed to kill and looked around. Spotting him, she headed his way, took a seat one stool away.

That time Ben hadn't noticed the man that came in a couple of minutes later, he squinted for a few seconds to see in the darkened room. 

Then he went and sat way off to the side, his back to the wall.

Things that time progressed quickly, soon the woman was on the stool next to him. He assumed she was a hooker, but the surprise came when he found out she wasn't. That was a good thing, he couldn't even afford a massage and hand finish at one of the local massage parlors.

The man he hadn't really noticed who came in was her husband, he got his jollies watching his wife get picked up and taken off to someone's room.

That had been one hell of a good time, the woman could get all seven inches of Ben down her throat and she fucked like a Mink.

She was a bit older then Ben but it didn't matter, she was good.

After, somehow the conversation got around to what was really going on, and she explained that she did things like this to please her guy, he was one of those with some kinks and got off on her being laid.

When a similar incident happened on the very next night out, Ben began to pay attention.

He got so he could spot the scenario, first in came the woman, by herself. Not long after the hubby came in and sat a ways away to watch. That was the key, the very attentive husband off to the side. 

Once Ben saw that, it was an easy score and didn't cost anything. Ben knew he was a fairly good looking man, so being selected was easy if he made a small effort.

He even got the time frame figured out, it was always between 8 PM and around 10 PM, earlier than one might expect. 

It took him some time to realize that the husband got eager and instead of waiting until later, things got rushed a little.

Plus a target for the evening was unlikely to be plastered that early, also. That had to be why these things happened early so Ben began to show up at the better clubs early, also.

So when the women walked in, Ben knew even before he saw the husband. She came over and sat not far away from him, a pretty little thing.

Ben checked her out, nice medium sized tits, well dressed. Pretty as a picture. He waited, right on cue in walked a tall man, he glanced at the woman sitting there, turned and went over to the other side of the room.

The woman turned Ben's way, smiled. Right on cue, Ben was thinking he was becoming an expert at this.

"Hello." She said. Turned like that, Ben could see an expanse of breast since her top was unbuttoned nicely. She smiled again, crossed her legs at the knees, using the motion to hike the hem of her skirt a bit.

The legs were bare, no hose, nothing. They looked good too, Ben liked nice legs on women. One shoe slipped down at the heel, hung from her toes, another sign of interest he recognized.

"Good evening." Ben replied, lifting his glass slightly.

Taking a sip of her drink, she looked Ben's way again.

"Are you meeting someone here?" The woman asked him.

"No, I am here on business, trying to relax now." He smiled.

Just then the waitress came by, Ben nodded to her, letting her know he was getting the woman's drink. The waitress smiled a knowing smile and left.

"Thank you." The woman said.

"Would you like to join me? No reason to take up two tables, we can talk." He told her.

"Well, sir, I really don't know you." She took on a practiced teasing manner.

"I'm Ben, now you know me." He replied, giving her a lopsided grin.

"I'm Lisa." She leaned forward to lightly shake his hand. A larger expanse of one bare breast appeared, then a flash of nipple, she clearly had no bra on.

Her hand came up and pushed the cloth back.

"Oops!" She said coyly.

"That's OK, I don't mind." Ben wisecracked.

Lisa tipped her head back and laughed, then she moved over and slid into the chair next to him.

"So what are you doing here in Las Vegas?" She asked.

"I am here on business, meeting with clients." Ben lied. 

His real job in the shipping department over in Henderson didn't do much to impress anyone.

"Oh, really? What kind of business?" She asked.

Ben told his well practiced story about being the executive in charge of retail sales for a medical supply firm. His one year of medical school came in handy with the terminology, he had dropped out after just two semesters because of a lack of funds.

Now it was $15.50 per hour loading boxes onto crates. It was enough and let him save up a few hundred dollars, that combined with the one expensive suit he owned usually made a good impression.

He managed to get laid at least once a month this way, about all he could really afford.

The conversation went well, Ben flashed his roll of bills a couple of times when he paid for the drinks. Of course, all of the 20's were on the outside of the roll, the rest filled with all one dollar bills.

The man over by the wall was being very attentive, Ben pretended to not even notice.

He was hoping the guy wouldn't turn out to be one of those that wanted to watch, Ben had done that just one time. That time the man had gone with Ben and his wife to their room, when he sat down in a nearby chair and whipped out his cock Ben found he just could not get it up.

The very hairy chest and roll of fat on the man's belly was a serious turn off.

The wife wasn't all that great anyway that time, she was well into her forties and her tits hung pretty far down. The light in the room did her no favors either, even naked. In the nude, she appeared to be....well used.

Ben had managed to escape, since then when the conversation suggested things like that he broke it off.

+++

After a couple of drinks and the conversation going well, Ben asked Lisa the simple question he used so often.

"I find you very attractive, I was wondering if you might like to spend some time with me privately?"

She tipped her head, smiled sweetly.

"That would be nice, I think. Would you like to join me in my room?" She asked.

Perfect, usually that was the way it went. Ben wouldn't even need to pay for a room that way, it was rare he ever did which was why he liked the hotels.

If they suggested going to his room, he always mentioned he was staying over in Henderson, a fairly long cab ride away.

That usually got him into their room, since he was well aware of what the plan between the couple was.

After all, his 2nd floor walk up apartment wasn't going to impress anyone much. Plus driving there in his four tone Ford Ranger pickup wasn't going to work, either.

Lisa never mentioned the hubby, which was also great. Even better, she was one fine looking unit, he was looking forward to fucking her senseless.

+++

The elevator ride up to the 4th floor went fast, he barely had time to take her in his arms and kiss her. She willingly kissed him right back.

Ben did notice Lisa fumbled with the door lock, finally reaching into her purse to get a different key card, then a 3rd one that did work. That never registered on him, he was engrossed in rubbing her soft fanny.

In the room, Lisa turned quickly into one hot little number, he quickly had his hands on her breasts. Slipping her skirt down, there was nothing underneath, she was very ready to go.

His hands found her loins, she most certainly was excited, Ben knew he was going to enjoy this.

It turned out to be one of the best fucks of his life, she used her mouth to slid the condom on, then she lay back and tugged on him to get him in position.

For a solid 10 minutes he was in heaven, they lay back as she managed to tease Ben erect again for a 2nd go.

Later, Ben cleaned up in the bathroom, she had a glass of red wine waiting when he came back out. She was still nude, Ben felt some stirring but knew it would be a good half hour before he could manage another round.

This one was the very best of all of them, he sat and sipped the wine, feeling proud of himself.

+++

Ben had no idea at all where he was when he woke up, it was very dark in the room. His head felt like it was the size of a Watermelon.

Getting up, he felt around until he found a light switch. The sudden light was like fire in his eyes, he moaned and sat down.

"Lisa?" He called out. There was no answer.

He saw his clothes over on a nearby chair, managed to drag himself over there and dressed.

"Lisa?" He called out again, but got no answer.

Reaching into his pocket, his roll of bills was gone. That was nearly $200 he could not afford to lose. He checked his wallet, both his Visa and MasterCard were gone, too.

"Just shit!" he said out loud. He checked the room, the closets, everywhere. It was empty.

He just got rolled, that much was clear.

+++

Angry now, Ben stormed down to the front desk, demanded to know who was registered to that room.

"I would not be allowed to tell you that, Sir. But my records show that room is vacant." The man behind the desk told him.

"Vacant? That can't be, I was just in there!"

"You must be mistaken, Sir. Are you a guest of this hotel? What is your room number?"

"I..uhh." Ben wasn't a guest, so what could he say? The man on the counter looked at him with suspicion, then picked up a phone.

Ben got the hell out of there.

With nothing else to do, Ben hurried to the parking lot to get his truck, looking in all directions for Lisa.

Of course he didn't see her, and he was reasonably sure he never would again.

Back at his own apartment, he called the credit card companies. Both cards had already been maxed out, Ben asked them to block any further charges, explaining they had been stolen.

"You need to notify us of that in writing, sir." The voice told him, in an accent he didn't recognize.

Ben realized what had happened, he had been playing his little game.

But so were they. A mark, with a huge roll of bills, they played their game to get the roll of bills.

He played the game to get the piece of ass.

Hell, they were almost even.

He would have given anything to see the look on their faces when they realized that less than $200.00 was all he had. The credit cards? One letter to each company, $50.00 was all they could make him pay.

Ben started laughing. $200.00 was what the massage parlor wanted for a hand job.

That was the very best piece of ass he had ever had!