 JANUARY 9, 2009

*New York*

I was flying from New York to Spokane. I had spent the entire Christmas holiday with my family and, to tell the truth, I was sick of them. It was nice to get to spend some quality time with my fiancee though, even if it was platonic all the way. My fiancee Laura came from old East Coast money, and she did not have sex before marriage. No siree, not at all. Sure, after some wine at parties she would grab my cock through my pants, and I had definitely squeezed her full, ripe breasts on more occasions than I could count. But whenever I tried to grind against her, she would playfully slap my and hand say "You can wait just so-many months, Josh!"

But I couldn't. And it was driving me crazy.

Jerking off relieved it a little, but there was nothing like the real thing. I had experienced it enough in college as an undergrad, when weekends at Pi Kappa Phi turned into one 48-hour fuck fest. I had calmed down a lot since my Pi Kapp days, but the thought of having a girl who was so close yet so far was almost too much for me to bear. 

Luckily, work kept me so busy that I almost didn't notice. I was a junior executive in the American operations at HSBC, and at twenty-nine I was one of the youngest people in my field. It always felt as though the heat was on, either at work or...in my pants.

We had been on the tarmac for about an hour, and I was working on my second whiskey and soda while looking over a presentation I was supposed to give in a couple of days. First class got free drink service, so I figured I might as well make the six-hour flight bearable.

The flight attendant came over and asked if I was satisfied. I finally looked up at her after two drinks. And damn! Her name was Julie. She couldn't have been more than 21 or 22. Her uniform could barely contain her beautiful breasts, and it certainly couldn't hide the curves of her hips. Her legs were delicate and shapely, and...oh fuck, she's noticing how long I'm staring. I said I was fine but I could use another in a few minutes. She smiled and said, "Of course, sir."

I know it was the way of the job, but...this hot girl calling me sir was almost enough to make me bust a nut right there.

*Somewhere Over North Dakota*

We had been in the air for awhile, and I was ready to be in Washington already. I had kept my eye on Julie, though. She had kept the drinks coming and she seemed willing to lavish her attention on me, too.

Damn, she'd look good under me, I thought.

I shook it off and said to myself, Shape up, Josh. You're getting married in six months. Still...I wasn't getting any in the meantime and I was about to explode. I started to sweat and took my suit jacket off. I was wearing a shirt underneath that, even though it was professional style, still showed off my build pretty well. My mouth was dry from nerves after wrestling this dilemma, and the alcohol didn't help.

Julie came by with the cart. I asked for a bottle of water.

"Sure thing," she said. I noticed her eyeing me. Could she be interested in me? No, this is just her job. But...

"Would you like ice?"

"Yes...uh...yes, please," I said raspily.

She scooped some ice into a cup, and as she did, a sudden snag of turbulence shook the plane. Julie nearly toppled over, but she automatically grabbed at my arm to steady herself. I flexed without thinking. We locked eyes.

Could she be thinking the same thing?

I sipped on the water and watched her cute ass as she pushed the cart down the rest of the plane.

*Somewhere Over Washington*

We would be making our descent into the airport soon. Julie had been on my mind constantly. We would exchange smiles and small talk and she seemed...well, to like me. 

I started feeling bold. I mean, in my line of work, you need to have the balls to go after what you want. Besides, I'm not married yet. She probably thinks I do this already...

On a napkin, I wrote:

"Hey Julie --

Josh

917-386-1702."

I clutched the napkin in my hand, to let it go only on exiting the plane. This was my security device. Maybe she wouldn't even see it.

JANUARY 10, 2009

*Spokane*

I woke up the next day after dreaming about her. I was hard, of course. I had spent the whole night before expecting a call or text from her, but by the time I had turned down the bed in my room at the Sheraton, there was no such luck. Oh, well. I'd always have the dream.

I looked at my phone. A text had been sent to it overnight from a number I didn't recognize. It was Julie.

JULIE: Hey Josh it's Julie from US 627. I got ur napkin :) Would you like to meet for drinks or something? I'm in town for awhile.

I couldn't believe my eyes. With my fingers shaking, I texted her back.

ME: Hey Julie. I'd love to. Meet here at my hotel or yours?

I jumped in the shower, got ready, and checked my phone again.

JULIE: My place? I'm at the Sheraton in Rm 931.

Holy fuck! She was seven floors below me. I sent her:

ME: Of course. 8:30?

JULIE: Yeah. See you then! :)

I was excited. I felt so dangerous. I put on my tie and combed my hair, knowing that at my return, I would probably have a lover.

*Later*

A very boring day of PowerPoints and spreadsheets passed, but I finally got home at 7:00, took another shower, spritzed on cologne, and got ready. I went down to Julie's room, and was blown away when she opened the door.

She was wearing a slinky black dress, her cleavage adorned by a diamond necklace. My cock stiffened up right there. I knew I was going to have to tame him to keep from pouncing on her right there.

We went to a restaurant that I made sure had a bar. I ordered her a Long Island. She ordered me a whiskey and soda with a laugh. We talked and talked. She was witty and smart. She had wanted to be a flight attendant ever since middle school. She loved her job, and in particular the interesting men it brought her in contact with.

"So," I said, not knowing how to broach the subject. "Am I...?"

She tossed her heaid back and laughed. "No, you're not the first," she said. "But you're definitely one of the hottest," she said as she walked her fingers up my arm.

"One of them?" I said.

"Okay," she said. "The hottest."

We laughed and she planted a kiss on me. I was startled and wondered if I had died and gone to heaven. "Now tell me about yourself," she breathed.

I ran down the fast CV: graduated high school at 16, Economics degree from Yale at 20, Yale lacrosse team, MBA at Harvard at 23, junior exec by 28. The show of affluence was dazzling her, but I was playing it up, too, of course. 

We ate more and drank a lot more, and we ended up stumbling to my suite. I was lowering the lights to try to set the mood, running around trying to make sure everything was perfect. It was going to be, God willing, my first fuck in three years. I turned around, and there she was, standing my my couch, the top part of her dress around her waist. Woah. No bra. Her magnificent tits glowed in the dim light.

"Let's stop fucking around, Josh," she said, "I've been attracted to you since the moment I saw you. You feel the same. You only tried to make me hotter by telling me what an alpha stud you are. You don't have to work that hard." She squeezed her breasts together. "You know this is yours already."

And I pounced on her. I grabbed her breasts and tensed my fingers around the luscious mounds of flesh. I lowered my head to her erect nipple and licked it. A shiver went through her. I started to suck on it, and I could feel her body lose composure in my arms. She started moaning and it got too much for the both of us.

I picked her up in my arms and she squealed. I threw her onto the couch in my suite and pushed her dress up. No underwear. Nice. Her clean-shaven pussy looked all pink, puffy, and ready to fuck. I sucked on her clitoris and dipped by tongue down into her pussy. Her legs started shaking. Her body writhed in pleasure. I skipped my finger into her tight, wet snatch and curled it so that I could rub against her G-spot (a trick I learned in college). Again, she screamed in ecstasy.

"Fuck yeah, Josh. I need it in me! I need it in me now!" she gasped.

I sat up and removed my tie and started unbuttoning my shirt. She started unbuckling my belt and undoing my pants. I stepped out of my pants and stood there just in my underwear. She ran her hands along my shoulders and biceps, all along my chest, and she bit one of my nipples. She was freaky like that. "Shit, that's hot," I said to her. She looked up at me naughtily and licked her way down my six-pack to my cock, which she mouthed at through my boxers. My hardon sprang out from the waistband and stood at attention for her.

"Fuck, you're hung, too," she said in amazement as she jacked my eight-inch tool. "You got everything."

I laughed, but the laughter stopped once she started deep throating me. I placed a hand on either side of her head and she took it all, hungrily groaning as my cockhead hit the back of her throat. She took it like a pro, playing with my overflowing balls as she sucked. She pulled away, looked up at me, and said, "Now."

She lay on the couch after taking her dress off. I ran to a bag on the table that had a six pack of condoms and suited my guy up. I ran back to her as she was fondling her clit, pushed her hand aside, and slid my throbbing erection into her pussy. We fit perfectly. I started pounding her cunt like I needed it to live. She was screaming, "Oh, fuck yes, Josh. Make me yours! Make me - OH YEAH - your little whore!"

I was bold from liquor, and said, "You wanna know a secret, hot little slut? I'm engaged. Yeah - UNH! - I'm engaged and my fiancee - OH FUCK - doesn't let me have any. So - UNGH! YEAH! - your hot little cunt is gonna get three years' worth of fucking tonight."

This turned her on to no end, and I rubbed her clit as she said, "Yeah! I'm your little slut. Make me your little slut!"

I kept pumping and rubbing her engorged clit at the same time. Then the dam broke and she started to cum. She grabbed my butt and held me in her as her pussy convulsed around my dick during her orgasm. Having a woman cumming on my dick, my first woman in three years, was more than enough for me, and no later than five minutes after I started pumping, I emptied my balls into the condom, shooting out rope after rope of my hot semen. 

Still grunting and breathing hard, I drew my still erect, rubbered-up penis out of Julie, took the condom off, and collapsed beside her. We were both in the afterglow, our naked bodies gleaming with sweat. She lay her hand on my chest, her fingers playing with the hair on it. "So..." she said once our breathing had calmed down. "You're engaged."

I didn't know how to play this. "Um...yeah," I said simply.

She kissed me. "That's hot. We're being so nasty."

I kissed her back and smiled. We started making out and I rolled back on top of her.

JANUARY 14, 2009

*Spokane*

I was on my flight back to the City again. Delayed again. I was remembering my night with Julie. We stayed in contact via texting, but our schedules forbade us from spending one long night of sex together again. Luckily, we had fucked through that whole box of condoms and then some. When we ran out of condoms, I would promise to be careful and fuck her bare, pulling out when I felt my balls boiling and jizz on her stomach. The second time I was poised to do this, she sat up all the way and took my load in her mouth. This was as the sun was rising; we had fucked through the night.

A whiskey and soda appeared next to me. I looked up and there was Julie, smiling at me. 

"Hey," I said.

"Hello, sir," she said. "I hope that once we reach our cruising altitude, you don't fear using the lavatory."

What...? I got excited again.

"Of course not," I said with all the offhandedness I could.

"Wonderful," she said. "I only say this because sometimes the faucet breaks and our passengers need assistance using them."

She walked away, twitching her voluptuous ass to check on the passengers in the (mostly empty) plane. Of course, I was hard over most of the western United States.

*Somewhere Over Montana*

There was no line to the bathroom. I made sure that there was none for the past hour. So this was my chance. I got to the bathroom and waited.

After a minute, Julie went in and said, "Sir?," obviously putting on a show if anyone was watching. She locked the door, started pulling up her skirt and rolling down her panties and stockings. "I saw you were on this flight and I knew I needed you before you go back to your frigid fiancee," she whispered fast. "I've never had a stud like you and those were the best eight fucks I ever had that night."

I stifled a laugh, still turned on.

"Take my pussy," she whispered, "but we need to do it fast."

I undid my pants just enough to take my dick out and mounted her from behind, plunging bare into that wet, hot, tight cunt that I loved so much. I grabbed onto her breasts as I slamfucked her, trying to keep as quiet as possible. Our faces were distorted into screams, but only a few strangled sounds came out. Her pussy did its familiar pulsing in orgasm, no doubt helped by how naughty and dangerous the situation was - a flight attendant on the job fucking an engaged businessman. Hell, who wouldn't have been turned on? 

I got close to her ear and whispered, "Baby, I'm gonna cum."

"Don't pull out," she whispered back.

I was stunned. "You sure?"

She reach around and grabbed one of my ass cheeks. "Put your load in my pussy," she said.

That was all I needed. What felt like a gallon of my hot, sticky cum exploded out of my cock and into Julie's cunt. 

We stood there, relishing the forbidden sex that we had just had. I tenderly kissed the back of her neck. She got her uniform all straightened up again and kissed me back. We planned our escape and, long story short, got back all safe and sound.

I was still horny seeing her serving drinks to the other passengers with a pussy full of my jizz.

MARCH 20, 2009

*New York*

JULIE: Hey, wanna see something? ;)

I got that text from Julie at work. I perked up, because I knew that it would be followed by a picture of some intimate part of her - a leg, her pussy, her ass, a breast. I had texted her since that last flight back. I told her I could only stay in touch between two and three in the afternoon New York time on weekdays; it was my lunch hour, so my fiancee wouldn't see. Our texts weren't always sexual. Lately we talked about our lives - how work was, what was frustrating us, what was making us happy. I felt closer to her than Laura, who had postponed our wedding to go on a trip with her girlfriends to Europe. I was starting to think that I loved Julie.

I texted her back.

ME: Sure ;)

I kept doing paperwork until my phone buzzed again. I saw Julie's response. She sent a grainy, black and white picture. I was puzzled until I clicked on it.

Oh.

It's an ultrasound. Of a...a fetus. 

My stomach sank and my fingers shook as I texted her back.

ME:???

I kept looking at the picture. What is this? Is this what I think it is? I turned over all the possible explanations for why she would send me this, but I kept coming back to the inevitable...

Then I got a litany of texts from her.

JULIE: I'm 12 wks pregnant

JULIE: I found out a week ago

JULIE: I always wanted a baby

I was about to text her back, "Mine?" But then she said something else.

JULIE: Thank you ;)

Why did I even think otherwise? Of course it was mine. I looked at the calendar on my desk again and again. The dates lined up. She was definitely pregnant, and it was definitely with my baby.

I was at another one of those all-or-nothing moments with her. I went with my gut. I went with what was right.

ME: Julie I love you

I waited a long time. Well, two minutes, but it felt like an hour. Then, I got a response.

JULIE: I love you too Josh

ME: Meet after work?

JULIE: Sounds great

JULIE: <3

I knew nothing would be the same. And that there would be a lot of explaining to do. Then I looked at the ultrasound of...our...child.

ME: <3

JANUARY 11, 2014

Needless to say, I didn't marry Laura. I broke off our engagement after one of our mutual friends told me that she had been caught in a compromising position with one of her "girlfriends" on the European excursion. We didn't see eye-to-eye anyway. And we knew it. And we're still friendly.

After lots of talking and confessing of feelings, Julie and her huge, seven-month-pregnant belly moved into my apartment after my engagement was over. Loads of hot, sweaty, pregnant sex ensued.

Our son Michael was born on October 10, 2009. He looks just like me. He's four now, and we love him more than life itself.

In a quiet, small ceremony, Julie and I got married on January 11, 2010.

I'm still a junior executive.

Julie works on the ground for the airline now. It lets her spend more time with Michael.

Today is our fourth wedding anniversary. We had a romantic night. She is asleep next to me on the couch as I write this. Before I wake her up and we go up to the bedroom for our anniversary sex, I gently lift up her shirt and look at the gentle curvature of her swollen belly. I'm looking forward to tomorrow, when we tell Michael he'll be getting a baby sister in June.

We fly whenever we can.

~~~~~~~

(c) 2013 kingandrew. This is a work of fiction. The author does not condone acts that are dangerous or illegal, including unprotected sex with strangers and sex whilst on an aircraft. Title used under fair use/parody doctrine; author is not affiliated with Pan American Airways, its parent, or its subsidiaries.