 You came to me last night. When I saw you, you were so beautiful I almost thought you were an apparition. Skin so aglow, you were wearing a beautiful white satin nightgown. Your smile enchanted me and I couldn't help but smile at you! I said hi and it seemed to me your smile got even bigger. You slid onto the bead and straddled me grasping my wrists and pinning my hands to either side of my head, leaning into me your lips brushed mine. Your lips were sweet and you took my breath away as your tongue slid into mine.   

Your body pressing against me, I could feel your nipples harden against my bare chest through your satin gown. Your excitement was contagious; I knew you could feel me harden against you. Even though you were holding my wrists I easily rolled you over your hands encircled my neck, kissing my neck and face. I ran my hands up and down your sides feeling you beneath the soft material, your body warm to my touch. I reached back and caressed the outsides of your legs with my palms slowly sliding my hands up the outside of your thighs. I was momentarily surprised when I found the absence of panties. I stared into your eyes and all I could find was a teasing smile in them. You whispered just for you lover into my ear. I couldn't help myself. I continued sliding my hands up your sides pushing the nightgown up. You sat up just enough to allow me to remove it. As you sunk back to the bed I casually tossed it aside, Leaning down I brushed my lips against your belly. 

I knew from the way your body shuddered under me you liked it! I continued kissing my way up your belly, stopping only once to allow my tong to explore your bellybutton. Than I continued my assent gently working my up to you, letting my tongue caress your body hand rubbing your sides. Slowly guiding myself to those beautiful creamy breasts of yours, I lowered my mouth to one nipple and gently sucked it into my mouth, and just as easily removed it. I quickly drew in a breath and blew onto your freshly moistened nipple; I could feel you quiver beneath me. I asked you if you liked that and you whispered that you did. I lowered my head to your breasts and continued licking sucking and nibbling, rubbing my hands up and down the sides of your body and breasts. I could feel your breath quicken with each touch. I lowered my self on your body kissing your belly reaching up and caressing your breasts letting my hands slide over them softy. I slid lower until I could smell your sweet sent. I breathed you in while running my hands all over your belly softly caressing every inch of you exploring my beautiful lover with my hands. 

You whispered huskily that you couldn't wait ant longer, you wanted me needed me. Please you said! I quickly positioned myself above you and leaning down to kiss you entered you in one smooth motion. You felt warm and silky around me. You were so wet! I could feel your need for me in the way you gripped me legs wrapped around my waist. I could feel you meeting each thrust I made with one of your own. Soon I could feel your breath quicken, you looked up at me and begged me to go faster. I quickly responded to you and could feel your body's response to my movement, clutching and grabbing at my cock. I could feel your legs tighten around me hands grasping tight to my shoulders you pulled me to you. Screaming in my ear that you were Cumming you buried your face in my neck. I could feel your pussy contracting around my cock mmm you felt so good around me. 

When you were done you lowered your face and kissed me deeply tongue's entwining. You lifted your self off me and told me to lay back. You smiled at me as I lay back on the bed. Straddling me but not letting me enter you yet. You leaned down and began caressing my chest with your soft velvety hands. You ran your hands up and down my body caressing my sides and chest. Rubbing my nipples until they were hard, than you leaned down and took one of my nipples into your mouth and alternated sucking and running your tongue in circles around my nipple. I knew you could feel my excitement. You leaned up and kissed me deeply tongue’s touching and entwining. You tasted sweet. Than as you leaned down and kissed the side of my neck between my head and shoulder, one of my favorite spots, you raised yourself and lowered yourself on my stiff cock. You felt so wet and warm around me. So good I had to control myself just to keep from climaxing just than, I know you knew from the smile you gave me. You started off slowly, riding me up and down in short thrusts, than sliding down on me as far as you could go you sat on me and rocked yourself slowly on me forward and back and side to side. 

OOhh you felt so wonderful. I could feel myself so deep inside you. With your small movements I was in the perfect position to lift my head and gently lick and suck your nipples and breasts. Than you put your hands on my shoulders and pushing me down you started riding me with long steady movements. I could feel your pussy grasping and gripping my cock. I was in heaven! I knew I was hitting you just right, I knew you were hitting me in all the right places. I was having a hard time holding my climax back. Than just before I could take it no more you told me you were cuming, it was all I could take and I came at the same time as you! We screamed and came together. Holding each other in a tight embrace I could feel my cock pulsing deep inside you, shooting cum, deep into you! 

We collapsed into each others arms. Kissing each other, we smiled at each other, curling up in each others arms. We fell asleep holding each other my cock still inside you. When I awoke you were gone! I couldn't tell if it had been real or just a dream. As I brushed the sleep from mind I swore I could still smell your scent and perfume in the air. The sheets were rumpled as if two people had been in the bed. I lay back with a smile on my face knowing that that was the most real dream I had ever had, or was it? I got out of bed smiling and knowing I would be looking forward to another night if pleasant dreams!