 Do you want to come in for a coffee? 

 We pull up outside my hotel. It's early evening, we've finished our celebration dinner and I know I probably shouldn't invite you in but I can't help myself. 

 You look at me, the car clock, back at me, then your lap. Your eyes lower as you gently say "I don't think I should... It's pretty late"

 I touch your hand "I have decaf" I smile. "I'm just kidding. I understand. I'll let you go so."

 You hold my hand and pull me closer for a hug, wrapping me in your strong arms. I squeeze back, enjoying the closeness of you. A few moments pass and I break the embrace. Stopping to kiss your cheek as we pull apart. Your big hand cups my cheek as I smile at you, thumb gently stroking my skin. 

"Let me give you a kiss" you say, your hand suddenly around the back of my head pulling me closer to you. 

Your lips connect with mine briefly. A chaste goodbye. 

You don't let my head go far though. Bringing your face to mine again. Lips connecting again. 

You rest your forehead against mine, your hand tangled in the back of my hair. 

"I think I'd better go...." I eventually say softly. 

You shush me gently. Your lips on mine again. Your kiss open this time, I feel your lips lightly sucking mine. 

You stop and let me go, sinking back in to your seat. Your face pointing away from me. 

I am unsure what to do. So reach down and lift my purse from the footwell. I touch your hand silently, but you don't react. I kiss my fingers and gently touch it to your face, then leave your car as quickly as I can, trying to hide my stinging eyes and cheeks burning with embarrassment. 

 I see the lights from your car pulling out into the early evening street as I move through the open lobby. Striding towards the elevator I moderate my breathing. 

How did I get that so wrong... I chant over and over in my head. Idiot. Idiot. Idiot. 

I reach my room, open the door and throw myself into the big arm chair. I let myself have a moment. My tears of embarrassment and shame flowing. 

Then I pull myself together. I have a suitcase to pack. My flight is tomorrow. Back home to my usual life. My husband. 

 I stand up, pulling clothes out of the wardrobe and busy myself. I'm finishing packing my makeup when a knock at the door stops me. I expect it to be one of my colleagues. It's you. 

I hold the door open and stand to the side, and you push past me, and I let the door close. 

Your hands are on me as soon as I lock it, pulling me round to face you. You lips on mine, your tongue battling mine, your hand on my throat. 

You are pushing me up against the door. Your knees, bending slightly so you can kiss me without stooping too much, pushing between mine urgently. My hands fly to your crotch. Feeling your large erection through your jeans. You moan into my mouth as I squeeze, then quickly unbutton and unzip you. You stop me before I can get skin to skin contact. Your hand leaving my throat as you pin me with your crotch instead. Your hard cock grinding against my sensitive mound. Your lips never leaving mine. I am moaning into your mouth, my pussy moistening every time your cock touches me. 

Your hand reaching up and grab my sensitive breasts roughly pulling then, making me moan harder. 

 We are interrupted by a knock on my door. Your lips and hands are off me in a second. Your jeans closing. I usher you into the bathroom hiding you, then answer the door. 

It's one of my colleagues, wanting to know if I want to join them for a drink. 

I decline, blaming my need to pack and early flight. 

"Are you ok?" He asks, noticing my flushed appearance. " yes, I just had a bit of a battle with my suitcase!" I laugh, then wish him goodnight. 

 I open the door to the bathroom, to find you perched on the sink looking a cross between nervous and turned on. Your erection still visible through your jeans. You grab my hand, placing it on your hard cock, encouraging me to stroke it, which I gladly do making you growl. I can feel it throbbing through the denim. I sink To my knees opening your jeans again. You reach into your boxers, pulling out your cock for me. I groan, licking my lips. I take your enormous cock in my small pale hand, wanking your cock, watching you intently. 

You groan as your eyes roll back, my tongue gently licking the tip of your incredible cock. 

I take more and more of you in my mouth until you are hitting the back of my throat. There are still a couple of inches left, so I wrap my fingers round you as I suck your cock. My tongue teasing you as I suck, my other hand playing with your heavy balls. I never take my eyes off you. 

You wrap your hand in my hair as you watch me sucking you. "That's it baby, suck me. Suck daddy's big cock" I groan around you, surprised and turned on, at your words, and suck with renewed vigour. My jaws are aching but I continue, your precum dripping down my throat my reward. 

I feel your balls tightening, so pull my head back, until only the tip of your cock remains in my mouth. I continue sucking and licking, my hand wanking you into my mouth. I lightly graze the tip of your hard member with my teeth, immediately sucking you to reduce the pain. You growl even louder, forcing my head down your cock again. "You want to tease daddy do you?" You whisper to me as my head bobs up and down on your cock. I groan in response. You take that as a good sign and release my head. I continue to suck briefly then change tack, sucking your tight heavy balls instead. You roar with the change, your hand gripping your cock and pulling it as I work my magic on your balls. 

"Fuck... I'm going to cum." You manage to choke out as I resume my initial position. 

"Where do you want it baby? In your mouth? All over your pretty face? On your giant tits...." I remain silent, leaving the choice up to you. You snarl and grab a handful of my hair again, forcing me to take more and more of your cock. I struggle to keep up, tears stinging my eyes again, but I persevere swallowing as much of your cock as you give me. My hands braced against your muscular thighs. I feel your muscles tighten as your orgasm builds. Your hand stops my head and I suck you as if trying to draw sustenance from your cock. Your cock pulses, shooting your warm hot cum in my mouth. spurt after spurt you fill my mouth up, I swallow as much as I can but I am fighting a loosing battle, your cum oozes out of my mouth and down my chin, as you moan from your throat in a way that has my pussy dripping. 

With a final shudder your orgasm subsides, but I keep on sucking. Until you can't take any more and pull out. Your cock hasn't lessened any in size or hardness., and I lean forward lightly licking the tip of your cock again to retrieve the last drop of cum. You groan as your cock twitches, and you watch me scoop up the cum that is on my chin and suck it from my finger, opening my mouth to show you your sweet tasting cum on my tongue before I swallow it. 

You utter a guttural moan once again and pull me to my feet, and fill my mouth with your tongue. My tongue fights back. Our bodies straining to get closer, your still hard cock trapped between us. 

I break the kiss "did daddy enjoy that?" I ask, before kissing you again. You growl into my mouth as your hands move between us, slipping into the front of my jeans and feeling the moisture that has built up between my legs. 

"Fuck.... Someone enjoys sucking cock!" You exclaim, as your fingers play with my clit. I am squirming on your finger, trying desperately to get your finger in my pussy. I lightly bite on your ear lobe to try and get my way. We are stopped in our tracks by another knock at the door and another colleague calling my name. You turn me round, your fingers still inside my underwear, and gently begin toying with my clit with your thumb while you slip two of your thick fingers into my soaking pussy. You moan into my ear, as my wet cunt walls clamp around your fingers. You cover my mouth with your other hand as we listen to my colleague being joined by another and continue knocking, and discussing where I might be. Their suggestions are way off the mark, neither guessed that I was in the bathroom with you knuckle deep in me. I begin riding your hand enjoying that my colleagues outside might hear. Your fingers are slick with juice from my pussy, and you easily slide in a third finger. I moan into your hand, reaching my hand back and around your neck, until we find a rhythm that suits us. Your fingers pounding my tight hole. I can feel my orgasm building. You notice my body tensing, and my pussy tightening around your fingers. Your teeth find my ear and you bite hard on my ear lobe. "Is this what you wanted baby? Daddy's fingers? Is this what you wanted all week?" You question me as your fingers plunge new depths. "Come on baby, cum for me, show me how much you wanted it. I know this is what you have been imagining." My colleagues are continuing their conversation outside my door, and your fingers in my cunt are driving me wild. Your lips and teeth connect with my neck and I am gone. My hips thrashing wildly against you and your fingers as my orgasm rips through me, my pussy contacting tightly around your fingers as your thumb continues to rub my sensitive clit, as my climax continues. You are whispering in my ear for me to be quiet, as I bite on your hand to try and contain my screams of pleasure. My body shudders a few times as I come back down to earth. Glad of my arm hooked around your neck for support as my legs tremble. You feel me shaking and drop your hand from my mouth and you hold it around my waist instead, as you slowly withdraw your fingers from my sensitive swollen fuckhole. I turn around and slowly suck your fingers one by one cleaning them of my pussy juice, as you watch me, biting your lip. Your cock pulsing between us. My colleagues finish their conversation saying they will look for me in the bar. 

"We're not going to get any peace here" you mutter to me, as you close up your jeans. "Let's go. I think my wife is out." You make towards the door but I lag back. "What's wrong baby?" You ask. " I think I would like to change first." I say, and you sit on the bed as you watch me strip and dress in clean clothes. I am about to pull on a clean shirt when you grab me round the waist and bury your head between my breasts, breathing deeply. "Fuck.... I've wanted to do that since the first time I got my hand down your top!" We laugh as you instruct me to change again, into runners and jogging bottoms and a warmer top. I do as you request and we leave my room, checking that my colleagues aren't around, quickly running for the back exit.