 Sprawled out naked on the bed she stares intently at the bulge in his tight fitting jeans as he stands there at the foot of the bed. His sleeves are neatly rolled up, just above the elbows as he unbuttons his plaid flannel shirt and pulls his shirt tails out from the waistband of his jeans. Slipping his arms out of the shirt sleeves he rolls it up in a ball and throws it playfully toward her face.

Catching it with both hands she wads it up into a ball. Hugging it tightly to her face she fantasizes about what is to come. Taking in a slow deep breath her chest rises and her nipples, aroused by his scent, become engorged.

She watches him as he undoes his double-tongue belt buckle. Unzipping his jeans his black silk boxers bulge out even further displaying a shiny, dime-sized wet spot.

Dropping his jeans to the floor he steps out of them and wiggles out of his boxers.

Naked at last he reaches for her feet, pushes them to opposite corners of the bed, leans down toward one foot and wiggles his chin back and forth, tickling her toes with his beard.

Extremely ticklish, she struggles to pull her foot away but his grip overpowers her as his beard proceeds up the inside of her calf. Grinding his jaw back and forth his beard tickles fiercely!

Her leg jerks wildly back and forth as at first she screams, "Ahhhhhhhh! STOP!" Then settling down just a little she continues between gasps and giggles, "Please stop! That's too ticklish!"

Ignoring her pleading he continues working his way up her leg between bouts of giggles and moans, stopping just short of that pleasure garden she keeps safely hidden from view, protected between her legs.

Jumping across to the other thigh he works his way back down to the other foot. Grabbing her toes firmly he curls them backwards allowing his beard to bristle against the bottoms, setting off many more rounds of giggles, jumps and jerks as she struggles to wiggle free.

Allowing her a moment of peace to catch her breath, he then continues brushing his wiry curls along the arch of her foot to her heal. Working his way back to her toes at an interminably slow pace, he focuses on her flexing and relaxing her toes to identify her most sensitive areas for additional attention later.

Finishing with her foot - for now at least - he nibbles his way back up her inner thigh, leaving barely visible marks, her body jerking reflexively with each tiny bite.

Practicing her deep breathing she struggles to relax, finally lying motionless as his mouth works the rest of the way up her thigh until his whiskers tantalize her pussy - with no actual skin to skin contact!

"Ooooooooooo," she sighs, exhaling deeply,

Left, right, up, down! His bristly whiskers tangle in her curly pubes, tugging at them erotically. Palms to thighs, his thumbs spread her wide, exposing her wetness. Moving closer the prickling of his whiskers against her wetness sends tingling sensations radiating throughout her body in all directions.

"Ohhhhh Myyyyyyyy! Yeeeee-ahhhhhhhh!" she cries out, her wetness clinging to every last whisker! Her body tenses. Her hips rotate forward. Suddenly a fresh torrent gushes forth from deep within her warming his face and running down his chin!

"Ohhhhhhh. . . Ohhhhhhh. . . Ohhhhhhhhh godddddd!" she screams as wave after wave of ecstasy ripple down her abdomen.

After what to her is an eternity of ecstasy her body goes limp and sinks down into the mattress, her eyes closed and a contented smile on her face.

The bouquet of pheromones all over his face and beard has been supercharging his desire and he is ready to explode!

Climbing onto the bed between her legs he slips his throbbing cock inside her.

At that instant she opens her eyes to look into his as she grips the underside of the headboard with both hands.

"Kiss me," she begs.

Their lips meet as his cock pushes in deeper and their tongues do battle to see whose can go deeper.

As their hips synchronize with his thrusts the bed begins shaking. Gently at first and then more and more furiously as they continue.

"Eeek! Eeek! Eeek!" the bed mutters.

"Creak! Creak! Creak!" the wooden headboard cries out as her arms alternately push and pull against it.

"Bmmm! Bmm! Bmmm!" the wall rumbles as the bed posts body slam against it!

"Ohhhhh!" he moans, thrusting into her one last time with all his strength. . .

And holds it. . .

Holding perfectly still she feels his cock swell and it begin spurting inside of her. 

"Ooooooooo! I can feel you cumming!" she calls out. "You essence is so hot shooting all over inside me!"

"Ohhhhhhhh. . . Ohhhhhhh god. . . I'm cumming too!" she screams.

Then total silence. No sound. No movement. No room. No bed. No universe. Just two souls sharing connection. Sharing Love. Physically; Emotionally; Spiritually; Soul to soul!