 And now I can wait no longer. I reach for your panties and with both hands pull them off. 

You lift your ass as they slide away. Wasting not even a second, I dive at your pussy. It looks so beautiful. 

Your lips are parted slightly and I can see the slightest hint of your pink opening and your wetness leaking out, shining so succulently in the light.

The entire world is gone now, evaporated in my mind as I am obsessed by your sweet pussy. 

It is the only thing of any importance to me now. 

I want to worship and kiss and love and devour it. I want to lavish all of my attentions and care and experience on it. I want to wipe everything else from your mind as I please you.

And I move within an inch of you and blow hot breaths across your lips. I can tell you are affected by the way you move and twitch. I can also hear your soft sighs with each blow. 

And now I wet my tongue and stick it out and gently trace your lips carefully and deliberately running up and down the length between them, while allowing my tongue to occasionally slip a little deeper between them. 

I flick my tongue inside like a snake's and I bring out little glistening drops of your wet essence. 

I hungrily drink it down and am thirsty for more. I feel like a man dying from thirst as I eagerly plunge my tongue back deep inside you now..

Oh, how sweet your pussy is. I would stay here forever, with your juices covering my face and running down my chin. My tongue would never tire as I explore and probe your soft velvety tunnel of love. 

I would be content then to lose my mind if all I could know was this wonderful and delicious pleasure.....lying prone before you and between your legs, kissing and sucking and licking and touching and flicking and teasing and loving your wondrous pussy. 

And I would be more than content as your hands hold my head and urge me on in my quest to please you and destroy your consciousness by orgasmic and climaxic ecstasy.

And I lick deep inside, my tongue darting in and out and searching in it's attempt to know all of your most secret womanness. 

My lips kiss and suck and press against your nether lips, exchanging kisses and sucking your flaps into my mouth. I suck and pull and stretch them until they hang loose and slightly gaping around your pink soft sheath. 

Your clit peeps out also needing attention. My tongue assails it first, flicking and licking hard as it arouses and swells it bringing it out of its protective hood.

And once out, my lips take it and suck and pull it until your clit is swollen and red and throbbing. I can feel it pulse in my lips and I continue licking and flicking and sucking it as you writhe and roll under the sensations. 

Your hips push your pussy against my face, lost in the passion you know now as your womanhood is on fire, as your pussy is alive, as you are awakened fully to the bliss you feel deep within your stomach and womb.

I am in heaven as I keep my face buried in your pussy. My tongue seeking more, lips wanting to kiss more, mouth wanting to taste more. 

My fingers join in the play, opening you up and holding your labia apart so I can tongue you deeper, so I can work on your clit easier and so I can touch so much more of you at once. 

You moan and sigh and scream softly into your pillow as you feel that warm liquidy feeling start to flow through your stomach...up and out as it passes thru you, rising up now into your chest like a warm wave and it fills your throat and you brace yourself.

Your pussy is moving of itself, clit throbbing, and your muscles twitching and contracting, spasms of contractions and climaxes wrack you. 

You bite your lips and hold my head still as the feeling builds and builds and you feel like you will explode. 

Your mind feels confused and heavy as you feel the pressure expanding like a damn holding back flood waters..

And then when you think you can stand no more, you feel that sweet relief as your orgasm explodes and shakes you and you tremble and heave as you feel all of your molecules melt and you float away.

And I am still, allowing you to enjoy this sacred moment. I rest my head on your thigh as you slowly relax. 

And soon you are calm, and your hands stroke my face. I look up at you and see that your face is flushed, but that you have the most angelic expression of calm peace.

I gently and tenderly kiss your inner thigh and leave little wet kisses all down your thigh to your knee and then up your other thigh back to your fragrant pussy, lying open, wet and so beautiful. 

And I want so much more, but I know you may still be sensitive. So I tentatively and carefully kiss you. 

My kiss is almost like a breath, so gentle and soft, and when I feel you move your legs apart slightly and stir without moving away, I am encouraged.

And I kiss you again, and again, each kiss more passionate and harder. I feel you pushing back against my mouth again, and I reach back inside you with my tongue and lap out your cum and suck it into my mouth. 

You moan and I hear you asking for more. So I flick my tongue back inside for more and then again and again, lapping and drinking you up. 

I kiss again...sucking you out....exciting your clit and pulling it. And you raise up to watch and I look up over your stomach and you see my eyes full of passion and happiness as I eat you.

I see that your eyes are at first content, but now changing and opening wider with anticipation and then closing in concentration as I ply your pussy with every thing I know. 

Every animal inbred instinct.....every trick read as a kid.....every touch and gesture learned between other womens legs. I use everything I know or can think of that will bring you pleasure and help you cum again and again.

For that's why I am here lying on my belly.

I am here to worship your pussy... to give you pleasure... to raise you up to unknown levels of sexual stimulation... to take you there.

And as I continue this rich and happy play, my hands reach under your ass and I lift you up to my mouth and I rub my face into you harder than before like I am starved, and I eat your pussy and drink your juices and hold you captive to my pleasures now. And I relish this moment as you again moan and buck against me as you cum and cum and cum.

I hold you tight to me as you fight under the spell of your orgasm, but I am strong and I keep my mouth against your open pussy and I suck and lick and flick like a madman and you become weak as you cross over and then begin to relax under my grip and from climaxic fatigue.

Then I release you and let you lie back down.

I get up and move to your mouth and kiss you deeply and passionately, sharing your cum. You are quick to suck and lick off your juices which coat my face and I kiss you again and again.

And then as we kiss, I press my cock against your breasts. I am so hard from all of these intense pleasures. Your hand takes my cock and you stroke it and hold it tight, feeling the hotness of my meat as it throbs. 

I lean back as you look at it in your hands.

I want so much more of you.