 Lauren's a hard working student, studying fulltime, and working part time. 

She works at a small pub in the city, about a 30 minute drive from campus. It's far yes, but since she's been working hard to pay off her huge student loan, this was a good break away from campus life.

She's so close to paying off that loan, she's decided to put her social life on hold and just work work work.

The past couple of weeks has been rough on Lauren's vibrator and vingers, she's so horny, every chance she gets, she gets off! (even in class) sitting in the back of the class, rubbing her clit. She just had to release right then and there. 

She's been neglecting her social life, her poor pussy is aching to be fucked. 

Lauren was working a double shift at the bar, serving one customer after the other, and getting good tips.

Due to the heatwave they had, she went to work with a white blouse, no bra and short denim skirt. It was way too hot for anything else. And her perky tits looked stunning in that tight white blouse.

You came in and sat in the corner booth. Lauren came over to serve you. Your eyes were following her everywhere, and that made Lauren very aroused, and she thinks you look and smell amazing. 

Everytime she comes over to your booth, she would first rub ice cubes on her nipples, to make it super erect.

She walked over with your whisky, as she leaned over to place it before you, her top button of her blouse flicked open and her nipples were exposed. You looked straight at her tits and gave n very very sexy groan, that instantly made Laurens's Pussy throb with delight.

So the evening went on, with eyes following her all over the bar. It was near closing time, and Mike(the owner) gave Lauren the keys to lock up.

Lauren started cleaning tables, she sees you put money on the register and leave.

About an hour later, Lauren was almost done with cleaning up, she started switching off lights on the one side of the bar.

She leaned over the table to clean it, and all of a sudden she felt you from behind, pressing her back down on the table and thrusting your rock hard penis against her. Right there, she knew it was you, she recognised the smell of your deodorant.

Lauren started breathing heavy with lust, she wants you so badly. She managed to turn around and your eyes locked. She started yanking at your trousers, tucking at your belt and pulling down your pants and boxers. Your huge penis was so hard she just wanted to jump on it and ride it all the way until she came over and over and over again. Your hands went under her skirt, trying to tuck at her panties, but you realise that she wasn't wearing any.

THAT drove you over the edge. You wrip her blouse open, cupped her tits and started to suck really hard on her nipple, Lauren moaned with delight with her hand on your cock rubbing up and down. She looms at your body with such lust! Your muscular stomach looks amazing! 

You flip her over, press her against the table and order her to spread her legs wide, this was the moment Lauren was craving!! You push your cock into her tight, throbbing, juicy pussy and start thrusting so violently, your big cock is beating her pussy and she likes it.

As you pushed into her harder and harder, she was about to cum, you pulled out. Lauren groaned with frustration!

She turned herself around, grabs your neck, and pushed you down to her pussy. You start licking and nibbling at her clit, Lauren starts riding your face. She pushes you away, climbed off the table and grabbed your cock with both hands, she started licking your shaft up and down teasing you with her tongue.

You grabbed the back of her neck and told her to open her mouth and suck.

She smiled and did it with pleasure. Her pussy juices ran down her leg, she was so excited to have your cock in her mouth, while sucking she was fingering herself. You start riding her mouth back and forth, moaning and groaning.

You pulled her up and placed your mouth on her tits and sucked on her nipples. You pick her up, and placed her on her back and opened her legs. You inserted your cock into her wet and craving pussy and thrusted. Lauren started rubbing her clit over and over again, she gave one big gasp and came all over your cock. You groaned with desire and started pumping her harder and faster.

You pulled out and came all over her tits.

Pure Bliss!!

You lie on top of her with your breathing starting to ease. Both of you get dressed, cleaned the corner booth, locked up and left for round two at Your house...