 I'm not gonna lie. I really like this girl. A lot. More than like, I probably love her. I'm with her sometimes and my heart's beating so fast I think I'm gonna keel over and some dumb dick will have to peel me off of the sidewalk. 

What's the problem though? Well, I'm married. It ain't *that* woman. It's the other one I'm in love with now. Oh boy.

Here's the deal -- I work in real estate, not a bad but not a super high-end broker. I do alright, about 100-K a year. And my wife, Jessica... She's good. There was a time that I loved her much the way I do this other girl. But after seven years, shit has just gone south. It's not fun anymore. I barely give her eye contact when we walk into the door. Once in a GREAT while, if I'm lucky, she wants to cuddle. Nice, but not nice enough after a while.

It's not her fault. Not really anyone's fault really. She came down with an infection in her ovaries, the doctors don't know why, it might be hereditary but no one can really pinpoint what's wrong with what. But the point is, she can't have kids. Much as we tried, briefly, but it just would've cost way too much, and we just got tired of trying. Hell, we even went away for a week and decided to do nothing but fuck for a week straight. We did, it was fun, my balls felt light as plastic bags, but it was just done.

We should have logically split a while ago. But the fact is is that it's easier to just keep things the same than just move on to something else. So that's where we're at now -- me and Jessica, good ol' Roger and Jessica, just not really having much to say except 'how was your day' with shallow interest, some intermittent cuddling, and mostly quiet watching of Netflix on TV.

And then there's Gini. She works in the office. A secretary, not for me but for the big higher-up guy that is the district manager or whatever the fuck. She is twenty-three, glasses, little buttony nose, red hair, a small bit of flab but nothing too bad, and the most gorgeous set of 36 c-by-way-of-D tits I've ever seen. I took a picture of her tits once on a lark when we were both drunk, and I end up jerking it to that more than any other porn I got on the hard drive. And that bush... man, so many young girls today just shave that shit, down to making it look like a fucking barbie doll. Not Gini. She doesn't go super wild with it, but it's actual hair down there. She feels, tastes like a woman. And she feels oh-so-good. 

And now up to current speed, sort of: we have had sex, oh, quite a number of times, over the past six months. Dinners, movies, a trip to the amusement park at shitty-ass Coney island. Only a handful of times did we have sex without anything, seemingly, 'between' us. When we first started, luckily, she was on birth control, but then she got off it due to higher insurance costs or hormones or something, I don't know what. I wouldn't care either. Condoms are, strangely, fine enough for me. Maybe at my age I'm still in that stage before I can't get it up, but a condom is okie-dokie for me.

But that vagina. That sweet sweet, safe feeling of being in her walls, so snug, so wet, soppy, the thing was a sponge made of flesh and vibrations so transcendent. I could fuck fast or slow, cum so deep, and it felt like it was with Jessica at the very beginning -- hot, fast, intense, our eyes deep into one another. I could tell she liked it too.

It's Valentine's Day, and I have to do the old 'double-header'. This means that I have to give time to both gals. Which is fine. I can manage this quite well, with only one or two instances of "Where have YOU been" coming from either of them. Of course I first go for a quick fling with Gini and then go home to the misses. Tonight, I'm trying something trickier on that front. Yet also, on a much more lasting front, something far trickier. Devious even.

I've had this fantasy for a while, last few months anyway, to get Gini pregnant. Would she keep it, knowing it was from me? I don't know. I'd like to test the waters to see if I can bring a child into this world. And besides, the *risk* is the thing. So much of my potent sperm just rushing headlong like dogs heading to a bowl of kiblets to those ripe little eggs inside her womb. Just thinking about it gets me so hard I can't stand it -- this is especially hard at work when my mind wanders talking to customers. Oh, this house has that new dishwasher, don't mind the six foot erection in my dockers. That she was two weeks after her period on February 14th, was a major plus.

So, what to do? I remember from a movie I'd seen recently called 'Your Sister's Sister', where it was the reverse, where this woman wanting to have a baby poked holes in a condom knowing that a guy was going to come up to this secluded house, they get wasted to shit, and then bump uglies. Of course that was made even more complicated by the guy's former love being siblings with one of the other women or something, I can't remember. 

Would this work? It's worth a try, my brain kept pounding. I didn't notice the genius in the movie, but my brain did.

I knew alcohol would have to be involved so I made sure to have that as well, specifically Gini's favorite: Woodford Reserve whiskey. What better for a Valentine's Day than a box of chocolates, the latest schlock at the multiplex, and my penis spraying in her?

But the first thing was that, after work, I had my "real" date with Jessica. We got dressed up nice, went to a nice restaurant on 4th street, came home. She gave me a hug and then I looked into her eyes, gave her a good kiss. Lie time.

"Oh, fuck."

"What?"

"The Krinsky house."

"Which one is that?" she gave me an intrigued look.

"It's the one over on Hudson, it's a very big fucking case."

"Watch your language, sweetie." She looked deadpan. Fucking Jessica.

"I have to meet with them tomorrow and I have to go over the particulars. The file is on my desk."

She sighed. This *has* happened before, legitimately. Lies help when there's some truth to back you up. "Alright. See you later then. I might be asleep, got a new book from the library."

"Alright." Another peck kiss. 

Now the other date begins. 

I see Gini at the door and she is a sight for sore goddamn eyes: a little red blouse that hugs and accentuates those tits. A skirt without stockings, even cold as it is. She knows she's dressing for me. Her smile is so warm I can already feel the stirrings downstairs. 

We go out to dinner (I only eat a little because I'd had to eat before), I give her my little card that has a stupid song or other that plays when you open the card, and she gives me her own, which she drew herself (she can draw, by the way, amazing cartoonist, but I digress), with an intentionally bad dick and balls and pussy that looks like a bearded clam that has above it the words "You F-F-Fuck Me". I know the Simpsons reference well, I'm actually moved for a moment, and we laugh some more in-between quick peck-kisses. 

We catch the last showing of the night of the movie, some terrible shit with Bruce Willis (will he STOP already! But I digress). Actually, most of the movie was made up of us making out in the theater. Not hard to do, though I imagine a couple others were into it too. She kept rubbing my crotch throughout, and I as well. Neither of us went full-throttle to orgasm-land, but it was nice to feel one another through such a time as that. 

The drive home was us talking about stuff, the movie, laughing, about other work shit. Gini also at one point leaned over to me and hugged my arm, the one not on the steering wheel.

"Whatchu looking at, stranger?" I grinned, I call her stranger.

"You. I just... GOD, I love you so much!"

"Right back at you. My night didn't start till I saw you."

"Same here." She kissed my arm ever so gently. 

We went back to her place, little studio space with the only place to get away the little bathroom. We kept kissing all the way up, on the elevator, across the hallway, our hands grasping our faces, our hair already getting fucked up. We got in the apartment and she basically ruined my good white shirt, and I with her red blouse (in short, I just ripped it off, which we did laugh about for a moment at such an absurd gesture, but then got back to it). Our clothes flung mostly away she immediately got on her knees.

She took my cock out of my boxers, which was so rock hard that I could just feel it about to burst out of its own skin and become like a double-cock. 

"Man, someone is super ready, ain't they?" Gini looks up with me with those big eyes. I take off her glasses so I can see her full eyes, so big, almost like an anime caricature. 

"You're so blurry!" 

"Suck my cock." I command. She goes to work.

For a couple of minutes it's just pure bliss. But I feel myself coming close, my balls churning, my prostate digging like a steam engine. I pull her off.

"Now, now, let me get the condoms ready."

"Ok!" She exclaims, very happy.

She gets on the bed. Without glasses she can't see me take out condoms that, yeah, have already been taken out of their packaging. I was VERY careful with the puncturing with the tip, however. Only someone with eyes like a Terminator could see what I did to all three of the condoms. 

I get on the bed and pull off her very soaked panties. Ahh, that bush, so ripe, with little red hairs mixed in with the brown. The clit was protruding so far I couldn't tell if it was just another small dick at that point. I got my mouth into the mix of her cunt and started lapping up her juices. Probably her fastest orgasm as she writhed so violently it almost broke my fucking neck. I didn't even need to use a finger, just my tongue lapping away, flicking the clit like a punk rocker strum-fucking a guitar, and she just sprayed all over my face. It was just tremendous. 

She finally started coming down from her orgasm, which seemed to last almost a full minute and beamed smiling at me.

I got up to her face wiping it off. She kissed my cunt filled mouth rigorously anyway. Damn, I thought, I didn't even need the whiskey at all. This girl was on FIRE! 

I lined up my cock up to her cunt, which was just waiting for my cock, now in (poked-hole) condom, which went in without any pushing. I started a little slow because, well, I didn't want to go TOO soon. I was totally hard, ever vein bursting, so much the base of my cock could have just disconnected from the rest of my body and I go ahead to use it like a dildo. But I just wanted to look at her for a beat. This lasted about thirty seconds.

"Here," she panted. She dismounted from me and then turned herself over. She wasn't doggie-style exactly, but she was face down on the bed, her splendid globe-shaped ass facing me. I hadn't done this position in YEARS, much less with Gini. It's very tight, but also very, very deep.

I put it back in, the condom itself so slick I was worried it might fall off by its own sheer of will. I then got to the real deep-dicking.

"Oh FUCK, you're so... so DEEP!" She exclaimed as she commanded me to fuck her. Boy howdy! I rammed her over and over again. And my mind was just lost in a steady, hypnotic rhythm: "Yes, yes, make her pregnant, knock her up, you can do it, haven't jerked it for three days, you got so much saved up." 

I felt her vagina grasping it harder, and at that same instant my balls were churning full force. There's no going back, I thought. It's all about to shoot out, every last DROP from my cock to her womb. I was just lost then, totally uninhibited. I'd never had such a hot fuck before anyway, on Valentine's with the *real* love of my life, sweaty as hell, her ass totally in sync with my body, her face next to mine as I'm pressed up against her back. 

"Oh, I'm gonna cum."

"Cum, oh cum, cuminme," she mumbled. If I'd been paying attention I'd have sworn she said 'cum in me', but that couldn't be right, no? I still had the condom on... sorta. Gini had then, again, the most intense (or second most?) intense orgasm I'd had with her, screaming so loud everyone in the building could hear, cunt sloppy and grasping at the same time.

I came with full force. Spurt after spurt for a good fifteen seconds till finally, panting, I was wiped out too. I stayed hard for another few moments before finally pulling my still mostly hard cock. 

I snapped back to reality and noticed my cock with said condom, not including any cum in it, or barely anyway, and it seeping a bit out of Gini's vaginal opening. I quickly tossed the condom into her garbage and put her back in my embrace.

"Whoa, that was... really intense." She said, still panting, but smiling.

"Same here."

She turned to face me. "Hey," she beamed, "I can see you, good looking."

"You too." We had a quick nose nuzzle and then got in our cuddling again.

About half an hour later, after just there cuddling and not saying much -- though we did pop open the whiskey and have a couple of shots, won't lie, but not enough to make us TOO drunk, just enough to be even looser -- Gini came out with it. 

"Hey, you wanna try something a little different tonight, a little kinky?"

"Hey, I'm up for ANYTHING at this point."

"No condom this time," Gini looked at me. Smiling, but serious. I smiled back. "Really?"

"It's been so long since I've felt it without the rubber. I miss your penis bumping up inside me all the way."

"But, uh," I said, bringing reality back into this. "What about, you know, your time of the month?"

"Oh, no worries, you'll pull out and it'll be all good."

I felt a little sheepish and I tried not to show it. 

"It'll be hot, come on, you can act like you're knocking me up, right?" she smiled again, chuckling. I chuckled with me. Big fat fucking liar I am. 

So, we turned off the lights, I got very hard again, she we too though she would need a little deep dicking to get wetter, and she got on top. It'd been a couple weeks since she had been on top, but she could be great at really getting my motor going with seeing her tits bounce up and down and have my face in them.

This time was... different. Much, much more intimate. This wasn't about hot young lovers fucking like wild who-gives-a-shit animals. Love. I was so in love with Gini, and it just increased more as we, well, 'made love' then. This was passionate. We started and for five minutes went quite slow. Hell, there was a minute where we were barely moving in and out. But I'll tell you, just being in there, no protection at all... I felt guilty, I did. I tried to push it out of my mind what I did, but it was there. She trusted me, and I betrayed her, a woman I am already betraying someone ELSE with, and here I am trying to knock her up...

But I pushed that out of my mind because, simply, this really was, IS, the best vagina my penis has ever been enveloped in. It was even sweeter, tighter, hotter, more inviting and comfortable than the first time around. 

After five minutes of soft kissing, whispering our 'I love you's', momentum picked up. She was ready. I was ready. I felt my cock getting harder inside of her as she fucked me ever so hard, pounding up against my pelvic bone, her panting and moaning so intense.

"Oh God, Ohh... sweet jesus, YoursobigI'mgonna cum don't stop," Gini was lost inside of her own sexual mayhem.

I tried to quietly pant that I was close too, but she didn't hear me. Was she planning this? Did she want a baby too? I still don't know. But I did know at that moment more cum was ready, pounding up, my balls tightening, and I let out my own scream in unison with hers.

I flooded her vaginal walls with my cum, my dick bumped right against her cervical cavity. Then, totally exchausted, Gini rolled off, on cloud nine far as I could tell. I could see even in the darkness her cunt totally now covered in my juices. 

I got off the bed and got her glasses, as Gini scuttled off to the bathroom. I sat back in the bed and so many thoughts went through my brain. 'What did I do? Did I just knock up my boss' secretary? How do I explain this, she doesn't sleep around with anyone else, what will I tell Jessica? What was I THINKING with that condom?"

She flushed the toilet, got out of the bathroom, plopped back on the bed with me and murmured 'I love you' again before quickly falling to sleep.

I got up and, safe as I got, got my clothes together and left.

Or.... no, that's a lie I'm telling you now too.

That night was the start of something else, another step in our relationship. I still don't know if she got pregnant from that first 'trick' unprotected sex, and then the second, more complete-abandon-of-reasoning making love session. But I also knew that, if she was pregnant... it was really a product of love. I love Gini more than anything right now, and as I sit here typing this, as she watches and laughs at TV and as Jessica still doesn't know what's going on... here's hoping.