 You feel...so comfortable with him...so uncomfortable in my gaze. The disturbing force of my eyes thrusts you into convulsions of lust you are not ready to comprehend-experience-enjoy-completely. I scare you...and rightly so.

I watch you cringe under my sullen, sultry, penetrating stare. Needing to look up, to see if I am still forcing myself upon you. And then looking away, desperately fearing HE will see your desire leaping across tables, chairs and bare wood floors. HE being -the comfort zone- -the safe harbor- you no longer need to feel him inside you, it is all a broken, pathetic dance. What I have in mind shatters your juvenile concepts of pleasure. I want to destroy you from the i n s i d e...out, and that frightens you. I crave this destruction, swaying convulsing to and orchestra of your magnificent, labored breathe, your orgasmic whine. I know you and will touch you as no one has. 

She looks away again, mimicking pre-occupation with the television set dangling above the bar, flashing images of a "City of Lost Children". She looks at him again trying...unsuccessfully...to hide the guilt-laden desire in her cyan eyes. No ability to hide the wanton need to succumb to my snare-entangle herself in this insidious, enveloping web I weave. She fidgets in her seat as a cicada under a child's magnifying glass...the light of our sun scorches/burns ...and 

pleasure

is

pain.

She lifts from her seat staring one last time..."do you want me?" her gaze playfully, expectantly, secretly asks. I look away scornfully, punishing her for her fear. Her earthen ponytail bounces out into the night air, twirling with no care for oncoming traffic. Before she leaves sight completely she looks back, feeling I am still fixed on her she disappears behind a decrepit white church from 1890. I can feel the moisture where she sat. I feel her awkward subservience to this featureless man. The comfortable companion -nervous, like a cat with a bank account. 

I can smell where she writhed backwards-forward-gyrating-grinding her smooth porcelain thighs together- her hungry, unfulfilled cunt glistening at the thought of indulging her undernourished libido-simulating my cock running its length-penetrating the fragile pink gateway to our splendor...desire leaves a mark.

The remainder of my Chivas on the rocks finds its way over my palate. I pick up my hat and coat and begin the stroll to my automobile. I wonder what keeps me from finding her, realizing her, taking her. Could it be all me...or are we at odds in this universe strewn together by ulterior motives. The keys rattle as I search for the lock. Something's behind me. I spin enraptured by my vision. She stands drenched feigning submission in the fresh rain that has begun falling in thin sheets. Her crimson knee-length skirt clings desperately to her thighs, her blouse revealing perfect taunt breasts, small erect nipples, piercing cyan eyes engaging me through the grey mist enveloping me destroying my façade of control.

She reaches for me. I flinch slightly, unwilling to relinquish power. She answers thrusting my back against the car shredding the button of my brown wool slacks leaving me sighing toward the storm clouds lain bare to her assault. Relenting her abusive attack, she succulently slides her tiny hand into my trousers and wraps her delicate fingers firmly around my rapidly hardening cock...my god, throbbing in her grasp unable to hide primitive forceful lust. Her eyes catch mine and she gouges their pale azure front asking telepathically if I am up for debauchery of this intensity on a night like this. I return her invasion with a slight, low-pitched moan...this is all the affirmation she needs. 

She collapses slowly, knees bent, her fluid hips hovering over the slick pavement, and stares at my now fully erect, throbbing cock. She moves her eyes over it and engages briefly my pleading face and slides it slowly, deep between her lips. Lips blemished with the blood of tortured crimson roses. Soft plush flesh caressing every inch of me slowly, methodically tearing through my nervous system with pleasure and anticipation. My hips involuntarily thrust, lightly forcing my cock deeper into her mouth. Her eyes meet mine as she slides, sucking hungrily, to the head and removes her lips. 

Her serpentine tongue runs the length of the shaft and she murmurs, "this is my pleasure..." With that she pushes against my tensed stomach and pins me against the car...prisoner of this demonic goddess, this Shiva, and wraps her hot moist mouth around the head of my cock and plunges it deep into her throat resting at the hilt, filling her, every inch enveloped in electricity. My knees buckle slightly and she slaps the outside of my ass sending a shivering sting through my flesh. Her eyes punish me for my submission. 

My dark desire rises to her feet and relinquishes silently to my control. In a swift movement I flip her around and knead her inhuman flesh from behind, lingering over her breasts as an ever present-silent-entity, an agent of arousal. Her wet clinging blouse involuntarily bursts under the rough perusal of my hands. Her sighing intensifies as our naked flesh becomes unified, her perfect areola under the firm grasp of my rough hands. Hands that cover her, encircling her leaving no piece of her exquisite flesh untouched, unwanted.

I consume her sliding both hands down her sides, a slight tingle twinges through her and she convulses and my hands come to rest in the cradle of her thighs. The tightness of the drenched skirt leaves her smooth, shaven, perfection bare to my touch adding the texture of mighty rain floods and silken fabric to the course lust of my probing fingers. Her labia spread under my slow fingers and my other hand slides between first perusing this valley of untold centuries running back and forth demanding the nerves of her clitoris to ignite in their purifying flood of ecstasy. Intense heat builds and overwhelms my hands scorching them with sticky lust coating them against the cold rain's penetration. 

Continuing my invasion I slide my left hand down to the hem of her skirt wrapping it around her quivering thigh...inching her skirt higher...higher...as I explore the milky inside of her clenched, thighs. The fabric of her stocking halts, yielding the flesh of her thigh bare and warm under my rough fingers. These fingers find their way under the tight, delicate garter, twisting around securing and ripping it from belt and stocking alike. A surprised squeal escapes her clenched lips, almost muffled by the ferocity of this sauna, this warm, unnerving downpour. 

I remove the other with more grace...sliding my fingers slowly under the taunt second garter I can feel muscular contraction in her quadricep as my fingers greedily continue perusing and massaging the walls of her vagina. With forefinger and thumb I release the garter from the stocking, sliding my flat palm into the stocking and massaging her inner thigh to the symphony of her cunt spasmodically bucking against my fingers; fucking my hand, dripping incessant heat, smelling of lust, demanding the penetration she deserves and needs. Slowly my hand releases the garter from the belt, with one swift motion I pull her arms from under her, grasping both wrists in my left hand, suspending her over the car. The walls of her cunt tighten around my fingers as I pull them out, teasing with smaller and smaller thrusts until they are free. 

Rounded perfection cornering deep and ending in a disgraceful view of all that is her womanhood swollen with blood crimson flushed from penetration, swings pendulum like against the air shoving her tiny ass toward me, pleading to be fucked... "Please...I need you to fuck me...fuck me so that I feel fucked for days...please...fuck me...because he won't..." her submission was complete, her betrayal of HIM was complete. I bound her wrists with the garter straps, tightly, causing her to wince slightly under the embrace of silk and elastic. My hand slid around to her tensed stomach and I traced a line across and then up pushing my hand between her trapped, heaving breasts resting on her porcelain neck, squeezing slightly. 

I reach around with my left clenching the thin material binding her breasts and tear it, shredding the last barrier and guide her delicate head down placing it against the hood of the car...rest my darling...rest. I imagine the sensation of her naked bosom, tiny erect nipples mingling with the drenched warmth of the collected rainwater and the unyielding steel of my automobile. These thoughts tantalize my senses and my cock stiffens. I slide it between her clenched thighs reminding her solid frame of its power, allowing her to witness it growing rigid, yearning to surrender to the enveloping folds of her cunt...slide--slide, I can no longer stand my own torture and raise her ass to meet my cock and slide it in. 

The slick awakening of penetration rips through my body and my grip tightens on her throat. My hips force themselves against and through her slender thighs, prying her apart, filling her with my lust. My hands slips from beneath her throat catching her dangling wrists and holding them as reigns to intensify my thrusts. All sense of bashful, sincere, shame is abandoned and her throat opens as a spring flower giving voice to her ecstasy echoing across dead parking lots and reverberating against each raindrop soaking my trousers and shirt, rendering them a second skin, outlining every muscles in its tensed, attacking, state. 

I settle into a rhythm of violent proportions, digging my nails into the flesh of her ass, then steadying the chaotic symphony of our bodies with a firm hand on her shoulder. But is she fucking me or am I fucking her...I stop my intrusion and she whines heavily and begins heaving her ass against me circling around and around fucking every last inch of my cock, relishing each stroke of the shaft, each penetration of the swollen head. I untie her arms and she stabilizes herself on the hood pressing her breasts out into my waiting hands and curves her lower back into the state no man can or will resist and sends my cock deeper into her until I can feel how perilously close I am to her cervix and collapses against the car screaming obscenities and spinning webs of orgasmic energy all around us. 

Her cum slides heavy and thick along the base of my cock, I can feel her tighten all around me, never wanting to release my cock, leaving it there to fill her, to please her, never needing to know me, know my face, know my pain...for what is pain in the face of such pleasure?