 The repairman parked his service van in the driveway of the well-kept Tudor house in Lakewood and shut off the engine. Guzzling the dregs of his doughnut-shop coffee, he climbed out and went to the rear, where he opened the double doors and slid his tool-box out. He carried it to the front door of the residence, whistling the tune from a nonsense-rhyme his daughter was particularly, if briefly, taken with, and rang the doorbell. After a moment, the door was opened by a tall, striking redhead, in her mid-thirties, with emerald-green eyes. The man thought she looked vaguely familiar, but decided he must have been mistaken. He'd read her name, "J. leBlanc" off the service-order, and hadn't recognized it. She had gathered a quilted silk robe about her, which very ineffectively hid a voluptuous body beneath. A brief flicker of recognition passed over her face as she eyed him, which was soon banished....

That's a hard dime, he thought, and not a penny in change! Turning on his professional mini-smile, he said, " 'Mornin', Ma'am – Crescent City Appliances. You called us?"

"Oh, yes – yes, I did!" she replied. "I told your secretary that my dishwasher was on the fritz, and she said it might be a day or two before they could get a repairman out here. I'm surprised to see you the first thing the next morning – but pleasantly so, I assure you! I had forgotten how much I hated doing the dishes, but suddenly I remember very well!"

He quickly explained the charges and billing procedures: forty dollars for the call, less ten for the Yellow-Pages coupon, thirty dollars per hour after the first. The coupon would also entitle her to ten percent off the cost of any parts which might be required. Then, he suggested she show him to the machine, asking her to tell him what the original problem was.

"Well, she said, "every time I run the dishwasher, it pumps out OK, but as soon as it quits, all the dirty water flows back into it! As you can see, nothing gets done...."

"Yeah", he replied, "that's a remarkably common complaint, and usually there're only a couple of conditions which can cause that...." He began to remove the contents of the dishwasher, stacking them in the half of the double sink farther from the device. He reached into the silverware basket and pulled up a gold-tone chain with seven three-quarter-inch silvery balls spaced evenly along it, and a stainless-steel ring at one end. Holding them in front of him, he examined them quizzically.

"First set you've seen?" she asked. He looked up at her and saw she had an amused smile on her face. Suddenly, he knew what they were. "No", he said, "but the first I've ever had in my hands!"

"Occasionally", she purred, "they come in VERY handy – but never mind. Do you know what's the matter with my appliance?"

He straightened and reached his hand into the waste disposal beneath the half-sink basin next to the dishwasher, feeling for the output hole. His experienced fingers found the problem straightaway – or at least half of it. There were potato-peels blocking the port. He asked her for a coffee-cup and went out the back door into the garden, scooping a cupful of dirt. Returning to the kitchen, he dumped the dirt into the disposal, then, discerning which switch controlled the unit, ran some water into the bowl and turned it on. At first, the water, brown with soil, began to rise in the sink, but then, as the coarser grains of dirt scoured away the peels, quickly swirled away and down the drain. "That's half of it", he said, "but there's another problem. I'll be right back." He strode past her and went outside to the truck. Returning a minute or so later, he had with him a small plastic part in a cellophane envelope. Squatting on the kitchen floor, he removed four screws holding the facing of the dishwasher, then the panel itself. Removing a spring-clip, he replaced the check-valve and buttoned up. Rising again to his feet, he began placing the dirty dishes and silver into the dishwasher, then, with a wink and a tight little smile, the set of anal beads. He reached under the sink and withdrew a box of dishwasher detergent and poured a measured amount into the appliance. Setting the dial at the correct point, he closed the locking lever. The machine started up nice as you please. "Now we wait....", he said, looking over at her. He noticed immediately that her robe had come open somewhat, exposing a deep cleavage between a pair of excellent breasts. He glanced away, professionally, but was unable to resist another peek, then, moments later, still another.

After the dishwasher had completed its coursing and spraying, it pumped out smartly and stopped before going into "rinse". He opened the door and found the bottom dry. With a satisfied nod, he re-closed the machine and allowed the rinse-cycle to proceed. Looking over at her again, he saw she'd let her robe fall completely open, revealing her superb body in all its glory. "Tell you what, stud", she said with a sassy smile, "turn off that clock of yours, and I'll demonstrate those anal beads – or, maybe, you will...."

"The clock's off" he said, his mouth much drier than it had been only seconds before. He opened the dishwasher, the rinse cycle of which had just stopped, and withdrew the beads. She took his hand and led him to the bedroom....

When they arrived at the sumptuous, expensively-furnished boudoir, she doffed the robe and reached for a filmy black silk jacket, quite transparent, which she slipped on. Noting his puzzled look, she said, "Oh, this? It's just something I like – I think it makes me look sexy. Do you?" His pulse pounding in his temples, he agreed with a nod. "And you, sir" she continued, giving him a get-naked wink, "are a tad over-dressed...."

In a flash, he'd complied. He removed the beads from his pocket and placed them at the foot of the king-sized bed. Easing next to her, he began to kiss her with rising passion, dragging a long, wet, meandering kiss down her neck and into the valley between her breasts, perky but with just the perfect pendulosity. He had seen a tube of K-Y surgical jelly on the night-table alongside the bed and reached to take it, placing it out of harm's way on the bed behind her. Lifting one of her breasts with one hand, his other strayed downward, circling her navel, then proceeding lower. He quickly kissed her nipple, then began to suck it hungrily as he traced the thin, straight line of her slit, still demurely closed to his attentions. Hardening his suction on her nipple, his tongue lightly flicking the very tip, he parted her with his finger and found her already dewy. He rolled his finger in her juices to lubricate it and extended it inside her, twirling it around her inner walls, then darting it in and out, finger-fucking her as she squirmed with desire at his expert touch. Withdrawing it, he let the roughness of his slightly-callused finger rasp the head of her clitoris, already protruding as if clamoring for attention. He moved his mouth to her other breast and opened it as wide as he could, drawing as much as possible into his mouth with gentle suction, slathering her nipple with his crowded tongue. Dragging his thumb through her now-wide-open vulva, soaking it with her creamy secretions, he reached for the tube of jelly and spun the cap off. He rolled his thumb over her clit, pushing it back and forth, side-to-side, as he placed the nozzle of the tube at her anus and squeezed it quickly, forcing most of the lubricant inside her, then left a dollop on the outer surface. Licking her down her tummy, and pausing to poke his tongue into her navel, he took the anal beads and slipped the first gently into her rectum, then another and another as she murmured with pleasure. Finally, he'd gotten all seven inside her aft opening, two inches of chain and the ring hanging out. He placed his mouth over her pussy and began to suck her clit hard, wanting to excite her even more, wanting her to come for him, the first of several he'd planned.

She began to writhe uncontrollably, thrashing the bed-cover as his ministrations continued. Eventually, she bit her lip and let it happen, quaking visibly as her climax overtook her. He let instinct be his guide and, when she seemed well into her orgasm, pulled three of the beads out of her, about half a second apart. She gasped, cried out with vocal delight, then relaxed a bit and said, "Sure that's the first set you've ever had in your hands!"

Reaching down, she took his rampant manhood in her hands and said, "Oh, yummy! Look what I've found!" She bent to kiss it, her tongue licking the pre-come which was nearly pouring from him, then rolled over onto her hands and knees, exclaiming, "God... I want it inside me – all of it – and DEEP!" 

Having concerned himself with her pleasure to this point, he hadn't thought much about how excited he was, how rigid he'd become, or how badly he wanted her – but now, he needed no more invitation. He pulled her legs apart and knelt between them, flexing his pelvis to extend his throbbing member deep within her. She glanced over her shoulder and tilted her own pelvis upward to accept as much of him as she could. His balls nestled happily against her clit as he filled her, forcing her womb higher into her belly. Beginning to thrust slowly in and out of her, he looked down and noted with delight his cock vanishing inside her, only to emerge, partially, and re-enter a split-second later. Her liquid tightness enthralled him, enraging his passions even further. Grasping her hips, he began to stroke longer and faster, by now a creature of instinct, fucking her deep, well and thoroughly. He looked at her reflection in her mirrored head-board, seeing her dangling breasts dancing with the power of their coupling, and accelerated his pace even further. She emitted animal noises of pure, intrinsic pleasure as she bucked back against him, little electric shocks rippling through her soul as his writhing balls slapped repeatedly against her clit. Jointly, and well joined, they climbed the mountain of joy 'til they reached its summit. They noisily came together as the pleasure-star erupted between their legs, his cock squirting his warm, pulsing come high into her womb. He reached down and pulled the remaining four beads out of her as she exploded with a mind-shattering orgasm. He leaned on top of her, flattening her against the bed, as the spasms slowly subsided, making little thrusts into her as their commingled juices leaked out between her legs.

After awhile, their ragged breaths having returned to something like normal, he rolled off and lay spooned together with her, idly kissing her neck and shoulders and squeezing a breast which found its way into his hand.

Just then, her telephone rang. She smiled relaxedly over her shoulder and let it ring. After the third, a voice came on her answering machine and said, "This message is for Attorney Jacqueline leBlanc...."

He jerked, then relaxed, grinning, as the message played out. When he heard the click and beep, he exclaimed, "That's how I know you! You represented my wife in our divorce case!"

She rolled her round, firm cheeks back, once again fully nestling his softening cock, and said, with a smile in her voice, "Well, George, I guess we both got what we deserved – you got to fuck me back, and I got an instant re-play!"