 I anxiously peeked out of the window hoping to see your car approaching my apartment building. Disappointed, I did not see it there, so I walked back to the mirror to give myself the once-over. Everything was in place; perfect from head to toe. I couldn't wait for you to see me. My thoughts were interrupted by a knock on the door. I peeked out my window again and saw a black Honda sitting outside. It was you.

"It's open," I yelled, wanting to make you wait a bit. You came in, sat on the couch, and waited patiently. I fiddled with a few things in the bathroom, then turned out the light, and headed to the living room. I walked over to the couch and stood in front of you. I wanted you to get a good look. You said nothing but the satisfied smile on your face was the only reaction I needed. Your eyes fell to the floor, and then rose, eyeing every inch of my body. Then you looked into my eyes and I looked into yours. You stood up and grabbed my waist, pulling me close to you. You kissed me softly. I ran my tongue across your lips and you opened your mouth, slowly letting me inside. We kissed passionately for a moment, as your hands caressed the soft skin of my exposed back. Then you suddenly pulled away. I looked at you inquisitively, wondering what you were going to do next. But you just stood there and admired me again, starting from my head and slowly moving your eyes down.

My hair was pulled up in a spiraled-curled pony tail. You reached out your hand and moved the single curl that hung in my face. Then you moved back a little more and concentrated on my dress. It was blue and white, Hawaiian print, with no sleeves. It tied behind the neck, low cut in the front, high on the leg revealing most of my thigh, and accentuating every single curve on my body. I noticed that same smile paint your face again. I found pleasure in the fact that it was I who put it there. Your eyes moved from my legs to my feet which were adorned with a new pair of shoes. They were three inch heels, showing my painted toenails, that buckled at the ankle. I called them my "sex me shoes". I wore them especially for you. 

"Are you ready to go?" I asked. You said nothing. You simply returned to your place on the couch and motioned for me to come and sit next to you. I walked over slowly and took the place next to you on the couch. You bent over, grabbing both my legs and lifting them onto your lap. You began to unbuckle my left shoe as you looked into my eyes. Without breaking your gaze you removed my shoe and then the other. You grabbed my hand and I stood up as you led me to you. I sat on your lap and began to kiss you. First on your lips and then I moved to you neck. As I did this you ran your hand up and down my exposed thigh and I felt myself getting wetter with every stroke. I shifted my weight and I noticed that you were just as aroused as I was. 

"I want you," you whispered in my ear as I continued to kiss your neck. You placed you hand under my chin and lifted my face you yours. You kissed my lips softly. Then you placed your hands behind my neck to untie my dress. You hesitated and I noticed that same smile graze your face. You left the dress on. Then you helped me off of you and I lay down on the couch. You reached your hands under my dress and removed my red, silk thong. I felt my wetness drip onto your hand as you grazed my lower lips ever so slightly. I moaned softly and again I saw that smile on your face. Once you disposed of my underwear, you felt yourself getting hot so you removed your shirt and began rubbing my thighs. Reaching under my dress again you began to tease my shaven pussy with your finger. You slowly circled my clit with your index finger. I moaned and you leaned forward to silence me with a kiss. 

As you continued to tease me my body began to shake with orgasmic pleasure. You felt me tremble and you removed your hand and pulled away from me. You lifted my dress until it was above my waist, exposing my nakedness. I lay on the couch with my eyes closed. I heard you shift and then I felt the moistness of your tongue on my already wet pussy. You slid it up and down my lips, teasing me again. My moans became slightly louder. You took this as encouragement and began to vigorously lick and suck my clit and an overwhelming feeling of ecstasy came over my body. I was breathing heavily and my moans had become even louder.

"Oh, baby, please stop," I struggled to say. You lifted you head and replaced your tongue with your fingers.

"Do you really want me to stop?" you asked as you played with my swollen love button. I returned your gaze for a moment and then closed my eyes and concentrated on the feeling of my clit in between your fingers. I moaned softly but said nothing. You removed your hand and commenced to licking and sucking my swollen, throbbing clit. I came instantly. 

You leaned forward, placing your weight on me, and kissed me forcefully. I tasted myself on your tongue and lips. Then you whispered in my ear, "Tell me what you really want." 

"I want you inside of me," I said.

With that you stood up and began to remove you pants, slowly. As you did so, your hard dick poked out from the hole in your boxers. I watched you as I lay on the couch, still panting from the orgasm that had just come over my body. You removed your boxers and walked over to the couch, placing yourself on top of me. Without saying anything you slid your dick inside of me and began to thrust in and out slowly. Our bodies melted together as we slowly made love to each other. I was overcome with passion and love for you. I felt my body begin to tremble again.

"Harder," I panted and with that your thrusts became harder and faster. My soft moans grew increasingly louder. I felt you breathing heavily on my bare skin. My body became tense and I came again. Suddenly you let out a loud moan as you released, emptying yourself inside of me.

You collapsed onto me, laying your head on my breasts. I lay back, my eyes still closed, the smell of sex looming in the air. "I love you," I whispered. You lifted your head and kissed me again. 

"I love you too," you replied as you rested you head on my chest again. I felt myself drifting off to sleep, but shortly before doing so I felt your body rise. You grabbed the ends of my dress and pulled it down over my exposed body. I felt your eyes look over me. You returned your head to my chest and we drifted off to sleep together.