 "Tell me a secret."

"What do you want to know?"

"Oh, I think you know," he smiled.

_____

Jake, our boss, assigned us to the same station nearly the moment we were recruited. Somehow knowing my and Zeke's past together, our boss took great pleasure in making sure we were alone for an extended period of time-nearly six months to be exact. He simply told us, "Work out your problems. You're going to have to learn to work together eventually. A day will come when you'll have to rely solely on one other."

Neither of us argued. Needless to say, I was pissed past the point of words.

Our station came equipped with a kitchen, living room, bathroom, and a bedroom. That's right, only one bedroom with only one bed. 

Zeke and I parted ways on a bad note. I had not seen him in almost five years. He seemed the same, only maturer. He also spoke with more confidence. 

I ignored Zeke for the first week of our time at the station. I worked at my computer more than necessary, keeping my headphones on to avoid conversation. I was able to keep in touch with friends through email, so I didn't become too lonely.

He pulled up a chair beside me as I worked at the kitchen table one day. He reached out and gently tugged out my headphones. "Okay, this oath of silence has to stop."

I stared at him. "Look. I don't exactly like being here. You were the last person I expected to be assigned as a partner. I'll be honest; I never fully got over our past together."

"That was so long ago."

"I know, but I'm a very bitter person. Now if you'll excuse me, I have work to do."

"Let's talk later then. When will you be finished?"

I closed my eyes and thought a moment. I wanted to make up a million excuses and work all night just to avoid talking to him. "Just give me another hour or two."

"Okay." He got up and disappeared through the back door. 

_____

I finished my work in less than an hour. If I had to do this, I wanted it to be over quickly. My hands shook as I opened the back door. Yep. He still has that effect on me, that bastard. He was sitting on the steps reading a book. "Hey," I said more quietly than I intended.

"Hey." 

"Mind if I join you?"

He smiled and motioned for me to sit beside him. I sat down, keeping my distance. "A.w., come on," he said. "Before this week, I hadn't seen you in forever."

I rolled my eyes. "Zee, what do you want from me?"

"I want you to trust me."

"You never gave me a reason to trust you before. Why should I trust you now? I feel like I don't even know you. You're a total stranger to me."

"You can get to know me."

"And why are you so suddenly interested? You never cared this much about me in the past."

"Dammit Cynthia, that was years ago! We're both different people now. Can't you just let go of your grudge? We can start over. We're stuck here together for six months anyway. There's no reason to spend to spend the six months in silence. And you heard Jake. We're probably going to spend even more time together after that."

We sat in silence for several minutes. I stared at the ground thinking the situation over and over in my head. 

He slowly slipped his hand into mine. I didn't resist; I never did. He gave my hand a light squeeze. "I'll try," I whispered.

"Okay," he replied. We sat for a few more minutes holding hands in silence. He stroked my hand with his thumb. "You know it may be hard to believe, but you're still special to me."

I looked away. "I don't know why, but ditto. I fucking loved you, Zeke. I had no reason to, but I did anyway. We spent so much time talking, then you just threw me away.

"I'm sorry. I really am."

"Sometimes I feel like sorry won't make my anger toward you go away."

"But you'll try?"

"I'll try."

_____

We spend the next month walking on egg shells with one another. I eventually started to loosen up, and we spent several evenings filling each other in on the previous years. We cracked in the sizable alcohol supply in the kitchen. "You know Jake probably put the booze here because he expected something to happen."

"What makes you think it won't?" he replied.

I rolled my eyes. "You really haven't changed."

"Aww, come on. I'm just kidding."

Even during my silence, I had obliged to sleeping in the same bed as Zeke. I simply turned my back to him and slept nearly on the edge of the bed. There was no way I was giving up sleeping in a real bed just because I was sharing it with him. Sleeping with him had grown more comfortable in the past weeks. While neither of us said anything about it, he had slipped his arm around my waist on some nights.

Several more weeks passed, and our conversations started to open up more. I wasn't surprised when he prodded me about my sex life. "So how many guys have you slept with since me?"

I raised an eyebrow and smiled challengingly, "Only three. I don't even want to know how many girls you've slept with."

"It's not that many!"

I laughed. "I really don't care. It's your business . . . whore." 

"What?!"

I kept smiling.

"Okay smartass, then tell me something else about yourself. Tell me a secret."

"What do you want to know?"

"Oh, I think you know?"

"Fine." I leaned closer. "I've never had an orgasm during sex."

"Never?"

"Not once."

"Wow."

I sat back and folded my arms. "Now you tell me a secret."

He paused a moment. "I'd like to have sex with you again. We only had sex once before, and that was pretty much a first for both of us. I'd like a chance to make it better."

"Oh?"

"Yeah. I would."

I couldn't lie. The thought of Zeke fucking me turned me on. A lot.

He moved from the armchair and sat beside me on the couch. "Maybe not tonight, but sometime I would like another chance with you." He leaned closer until his face was right in front of mine. He looked me in the eyes and kissed me slowly but deliberately. "I don't think you'll admit it, but I think you want it too." He ran his fingers through my hair and kissed me again.

Moisture was growing between my legs, and my body temperature felt like it had risen fifty degrees. "I do want it, but all our friendship ever amounted to was you trying to get into my pants."

"I told you I was sorry about the way things were before."

"I know," I whispered.

We kissed some more. "You're shaking pretty hard."

"I'm nervous."

"Don't be." He wrapped his arms around me and pulled me closer. "Do you want to go into the bedroom?" I nodded. He took my hand and led the way, closing the door behind us. I thought that was a bit ironic since no one was ever there besides us. He pulled my shirt over my head and said, "Close your eyes."

I closed my eyes and heard him shuffling around. A moment later I felt a piece of cloth being tied around my head. He had blindfolded me. "Don't be scared," he said. "Just trust me." He tugged down my pants, and I stepped out of them. He wrapped his arm around my waist and guided me toward the bed. "Scoot back," he instructed when I sat down. I could hear him taking off his clothes. I also heard a drawer open, then he joined me on the bed. 

He kissed me as he unclasped my bra. "I can't believe I'm doing this," I mumbled.

He stopped. "Do you want to do this?"

"Yes," I nodded. "Oh god, yes."

I could hear his smile in his voice, "Good." He grabbed my waist and pushed me back further on the bed. Despite being just an inch or two taller than me, he definitely was a lot stronger than me. 

He hovered over me and lifted one of my wrists. "OH," I said as he tied it to the bedpost. "This is definitely something I've never done before."

"There's a first time for everything," he replied as he tied my other wrist. "Cynthia, have you ever begged for sex?"

"No."

"Well, tonight you're going to. I want you to be so turned on that you beg me to fuck you. I'm not fucking you until I know you want it."

Chills ran through my body as I nodded my consent. 

He moved slowly, running his hands up and down my body. "You have a gorgeous body."

"I'm not sixteen anymore. Neither of us is."

"I know." He started planting small kisses around my neck and collarbone. His fingers inched down my stomach, and he pulled off my panties. His kisses traveled down my stomach and stopped just above my clit. I shuddered. He climbed on top of me, and his kisses continued. His penis brushed against my clit, and I could tell that he already had an erection. 

His tongue teased my nipples, one first then the other. His mouth never left my body. His mouth eventually found mine, and he pushed his tongue inside.

I moaned against his grip. His fingers found their way past my stomach once again, and he lightly stroked my clit. I breathed deeply, and he dipped one finger inside me.

You make so horny it hurts sometimes

Do I?

Yeah. You do.

I remembered a conversation segment from so many years ago. That's how he was making me feel. The walls of my vagina were grasping his finger so hard it was hurting me. I wanted more of him. "Add another finger," I moaned.

"Not yet." He withdrew his finger and trailed it up my stomach. "I will when I think you're ready."

"Oh, I'm ready."

He chuckled. "Are you? I don't think you are." He pulled away, and a moment later his lips brushed against my clit. He planted a few more kisses before his tongue dove into my vagina.

"Oh my god." I could feel his smile at my remark against my own lips.

His finger returned to my vagina and stroked the opening. He was making sure I was anticipating it. He slowly slipped his finger back inside while continuing to lick and kiss my clit. "You still want another finger?"

"Uh huh," I nodded.

He slipped another inside me, and I gasped at the contact. "You're really tight," he remarked.

"It's been a while."

"That's a shame."

"Hey, Zeke?"

"Yeah?"

"Fuck me now."

"Nah."

"What?"

His lips and fingers paused. "Beg for it."

"Please fuck me?"

"Come on now. That's not very convincing."

"Fuck me already!"

"Well . . . "

"Please!"

"Well . . . "

"Dammit, Zeke! Fuck me! I want you so fucking bad!"

He slipped his fingers out of me and climbed back on top of me. "As you wish," he said as he shoved his penis inside me without warning. "Oh, man."

I shoved against him, shock waves riding through my body. He grasped my shoulders and started grinding his pelvis against my clit. I moaned and arched my back, my wrists pulling against the restraints. His grip tightened as his rhythm increased. 

My stomach fluttered. "Cum for me," he whispered in my ear.

I cried out as the orgasm hit me. He groaned as my vagina muscles tightened, and he kept fucking me as he came.

I lay trembling as he hovered over me and slowly pulled out. He kissed my cheek and untied my hands. I tried to sit up but fell back against the pillows. "I don't know if I can walk," I chuckled. He helped me sit up and untied the blindfold. We sat staring at each other for a few moments. I don't think either of us knew what to say next.