 "Good morning, sunshine. Were you able to get through that list last night?" Becky called out as she entered the conference room, smiling.

"Yea, I was here until 6:30 last night, but I got it done," Zack replied. Zack discreetly looked Becky up and down as she entered the room. 

"Tight white tank top, short black jogging shorts, and flip flops. Nice!" Zack silently thought to himself. 

Becky and Zack were both about 27 years old. Zack had been attracted to her from the very first time he met her at work two years ago. She had a very pretty face that reminded him a little of Ashley Judd. Becky's thick black hair was closely cropped, but very stylish. Her body was petite with a thin waist and very small, perky breasts. Her legs were tan and shapely from working out to prepare for the cross country trail runs she frequently competed in. Zack burned to know what it would be like to work out between those sinewy legs that walked into the room with that firm little butt.

Becky and Zack worked for a large company, and they had built a good friendship while working together over the years. Recently they were assigned a project to organize presentations by community groups for their annual United Way campaign. It was a project that added to their already generous workload. Last night Zack finished contacting the organization on the list to see which ones could make a presentation to their company. Becky, on the other hand, left early and Zack had to finish the work by himself. They decided to pull a little overtime and meet at work on Saturday morning to continue working on the project.

"I'm sorry that I stuck you with that. I'm serious when I said I owe you," Becky said apologetically as she put her bag on the floor, off to Zack's left.

"Don't worry about it. You'll help me out sometime, I'm sure," Zack smiled. "Anyway, I finished all the calls last night. I have all the information on a spreadsheet saved on my laptop. Do you want to take a look at this and let me know what you think?"

"Sure, let me take a look," Becky said as she walked around the table to peek at the glowing screen of Zack's laptop computer. She leaned in next to Zack to get a look at the screen. Zack quickly sneaked another glance at Becky as she leaned on her elbows. As she leaned down, her tight tank top rode up just enough to give Zack a flash of skin. His sly glance lingered at the band of exposed tan skin of Becky's back and belly. 

Becky could sense that Zack was glancing at her, but it didn't bother her at all. In fact, it flattered and even excited her. She'd always liked Zack, but was never quite comfortable with the ramifications of dating a co-worker. But she did think that he was cute and she enjoyed the times they spent together at work. So of course it was completely intentional when she arched her ass enough to let her tank top ride up to give Zack a peek at her body. She smiled ever so slightly as she caught him glancing at her bare belly. She even rocked her hips slightly from side to side just to add to the slight sense of sexual tension that was beginning to build.

"Well, I see that both the Boy Scouts and the Girl Scouts are interested in giving a presentation. I think it's best to choose one or the other. I don't know that I'd go with two scouting organizations. What do you think?" Becky asked.

A vision of Becky in a Girl Scout uniform briefly flashed through Zack's mind. Thoughts of a short, green mini skirt with an equally short little blouse that exposed her fit midriff filled his brief daydream. 

"Zack? What do you think?" Becky repeated, breaking Zack out of his little trance.

"Why not go with the Girl Scouts? All we know about them is that they sell cookies," Zack offered.

"I'm sure you'd like some cookies from some sweet young Girl Scout," Becky teased.

"Have any cookies you'd share?" Zack teased back.

"You wish." 

"You have no idea," Zack silently thought to himself.

"Well, let's make some decisions about this list. We should whittle it down to the ones we think will make the best presentation and can fit into a schedule," Becky declared.

"You want to pull up a chair and get a little more comfortable?"

"Nah, I'm fine standing. I sat all last week." Becky said. "Now, how about…."

Blah, blah, blah was all Zack really heard. He was more interested in looking at Becky than anything she said at that moment. Zack was mesmerized by her beautiful blue eyes as he gazed upon her face. As he looked at her, he realized that she wasn't wearing any makeup and she was still gorgeous. Her skin was smooth and perfect, and Zack thought that she was probably the prettiest woman he had ever seen. 

It was also rare that Zack saw her dressed so scantily. Usually Becky was dressed professionally; a business skirt or slacks that concealed her trim body. But since it was not a typical work day, she was dressed much more casually, and that tight white tank top was quite revealing. It was turning Zack on quite a bit.

"Uh, Becky," Zack's voice cracked. "Can you give me a minute? I need to go get something to drink."

"Sure, sure. Would you mind getting me a bottle of water while you're at the machine? I'll keep looking over this list." 

As Zack left the room, Becky stood up to watch him leave. She did her very best to stifle a slight giggle as she could sense Zack getting turned on from the situation. She was enjoying the little game she was playing this Saturday morning, sensing the effect she was having on him. 

While Becky reveled in the moment, Zack was fighting to regain his composure as he walked down the hall to get a couple bottles of water from the vending machine. His mind was wandering as he walked down the hallway, thinking about Becky and that white tank top. 

"Shoot. She never gave me any money." Zack said to himself as he slid his dollar in for a bottle of water. "Oh well, she can owe me, though that white tank top has been payment enough. " He grinned to himself.

When Zack approached the doorway, he stopped and just ogled Becky. She was still standing, but was bent over as she peered at the laptop screen. She was stretching her body with her legs slightly spread and her palms resting on the table on either side of the computer. She looked up when she finally realized that Zack was staring at her.

"What?" she smiled with a slight giggle.

"That's two you owe me. You didn't give me anything for the water," Zack managed.

"What do you want for it?" she asked.

"You," Zack bravely replied.

"Come again?" Becky said as she stood upright.

A rush of courage came over Zack. "I have to admit, I've liked you for quite awhile, Becky." His courage was still there, but he wasn't quite sure how to say what he really wanted.

"And?" Becky grinned as she put her hands on her hips.

"Well, you do owe me for last night and for this cool drink of water." Zack nervously smiled.

"Oh, do I?" Becky said in mock defiance.

"Not to mention the other times I've helped you in the past," Zack continued as he closed the door to the conference room.

"And?" 

"And I think you might like me a little bit too." Zack grinned as he moved closer to Becky.

"You think?" Becky replied with mock sass as she shifted her hips.

"I do think," Zack replied as he touched Becky's thigh with the cold bottle of water.

"Yipe. You're so bad." Becky jumped as the icy cold plastic touched her bare thigh.

"Maybe," Zack said as he grabbed Becky's arm to pull her close.

Zack took a chance and kissed her. To his pleasant surprise, she returned the kiss, their tongues weaving together. Zack dropped the water bottle on the floor as he grabbed her hips to pull her close. Becky wrapped her arms around his neck to hold him tightly. She wrapped a leg around the back of Zack's thigh, pushing up the fabric of his shorts as their kiss continued. Zack loved the feel of Becky's smooth calf brushing against the back of his own bare leg. Becky's reaction to his kiss made him feel warm, while the touch of her skin got him even hotter.

They kissed each other for a long time, locked in their embrace as their hands ran up and down each other's bodies. Their tongues darting from mouth to mouth, swirling and churning with newfound passion as their bodies were grinding against each other. Both Zack and Becky were breathing hard as they kissed, while they caressed each other over the thin cotton of their casual Saturday clothes.

Zack's legs were becoming weak from the intensity of their kissing and groping. He slowly backed into an office chair and sat down. Becky collapsed onto Zack's lap, straddling him with her legs locked around his waist. Zack could feel Becky's heart beating against his chest as she pressed her body close. His own heart was pounding and his hands were almost shaking as he gently slid them underneath the soft cotton of the tight, white tank top that clung to Becky's sexy figure. 

Zack slipped the bottom of Becky's top up, revealing the lace of her bra. He continued to push the tank top over her head, pulling it free from her body and tossing it aside. He unhooked the clasp at the front of her bra, parting the lacy material to reveal her pert little breasts. Softly, he ran his fingertips over her chest, feeling the warmth of her flesh. Her skin goose pimpled with excitement and her pink little nipples began to harden in response to his delicate touch. 

Becky gasped as Zack gently pinched her hard little nubs, gently rolling the rosy little bud between his forefinger and thumb. Then he carefully pulled them, teasing Becky with his touch. She arched back, panting as she acquiesced to the whim of Zack's playful touch. Zack released her tender nipples from his teasing fingers as he brought his face close to her chest. He could feel her heart pounding as he kissed the cleft between her petite breasts.

Zack slowly licked and nibbled his way to the hard little nipple on her right breast, now red from his attention. Softly, he let his teeth drag across the erect nub, gently teasing it between his teeth before licking and sucking it into his warm, wet mouth. Zack's tongue circled and flicked over the little protuberance. Then, he focused the same attention on Becky's opposite breast. Nibbling, sucking, licking, and kissing. She was moaning and gasping, her back arched to push her chest to receive his touch as her fingers clamped onto Zack's thigh.

He lifted Becky up off his lap, standing her up on the floor in front of him. He slipped his fingers under the elastic waistband of her jogging shorts, pulling them down past her knees and letting them drop to the floor. Becky wore no panties underneath the shorts, just the nylon liner, which was soaked from her excitement. She kicked the shorts away as she now stood in front of Zack completely naked.

Zack admired her gorgeous body for a moment, taking in her pert little breasts, firm stomach, and legs toned from miles of running. The little strip of trimmed, blondish-brown fur concealed her flower, but the nectar that clung to the little hairs exposed her excitement. Zack pulled her close to bring her pussy right up to his face. Her legs were slightly parted as she stood in front of him. Gently, he nuzzled the moist patch of fuzz and teased it with his tongue. 

Becky arched back, pushing her mound closer to Zack's mouth as his tongue continued to tease and lick as she gasped softly. Her hips were rocking back and forth, prodding him to lick further and deeper. Her voice shaking, she said, "Oh yes Zack, lick me like that."

Becky leaned back, placing her hands on the edge of the table and placed one bare foot on the seat next to Zack. She arched back to expose her sweet pussy to him and give easier access. Zack pulled closer and leaned forward, nibbling and licking his way from her knee up Becky's thigh to her wet pussy lips. Placing his hands on the inside of her supple thighs, his tongue fervently licked her dripping, pink lips. Up and down he licked, feeling her thighs quiver with pleasure. Zack probed deeper with his tongue, sliding it between her lips. His nose rubbing against her clit as his tongue dove deeply inside her drooling slit. Becky ground her crotch against his face, feeling Zack's nose slide against her pink little nub as he fucked her opening with his tongue. They were both panting and gasping for breath.

Zack's mouth and chin were coated with a slick glaze of Becky's juices, his licking now focused on her swollen clit. Ravenously, he licked and sucked the soft nub as he easily slid two fingers deep inside her lubricated pussy. She gasped loudly as Zack penetrated her hot opening as he continued licking her. Becky's hips bucked back and forth, fucking his fingers back as he pulled them in and out. 

Becky's body was shaking hard as Zack licked and fingered her pussy, but she wanted more than just his fingers inside her. 

"Stop, Zack, I need to sit down." 

Zack let go of Becky and pulled back, leaning back in the office chair. Becky took a step forward and sat on Zack's lap, straddling him, her nude body pressed against him as she kissed his lips. She ran her hands down to his waist, under his shirt to pull it up over his head and tossing it aside. Their breathing came in ragged breaths as Becky ran her fingernails over the bare skin of Zack's manly chest. Her nails left a wake of pink trails as she scuffed them along his body. Gently she pinched Zack's nipples, stretching the red buds as she tenderly rolled them between her forefinger and thumb. Zack gasped as she played with his nipples.

"You like that Zack? You like having your nipples played with?" Becky whispered in a husky voice.

"Oh, yes," Zack softly gasped as his body writhed with pleasure.

"Let's get you out of these shorts."

Becky lifted herself off of Zack's lap and knelt in front of him. He lifted his hips as Becky slid both his shorts and briefs down to his ankles. His hard cock was pulled down by the waist band, and then snapped back to point straight up. He kicked his shorts aside, sitting in the chair in front of Becky, totally nude. Becky ran her tongue the length of his hard shaft, flicking the tip of her tongue over the quivering head.

But Becky wanted more. She stood up and straddled Zack, his cock sliding against her slippery pussy lips. Back and forth she bucked her hips, letting the full length of his cock slide between her pussy lips, over her slavering opening, coating him with her sweet juices. Back and forth her hips continued to push, letting his entire length slide against her clit, from his swollen little head down the entire span of his shaft to the little bush of fur at the base. She shifted her hips and reached down to guide him inside. Zack easily slid into her as she settled on his lap, completely burying his cock inside as she leaned forward. Their warm bodies ground against each other in an embrace as they kissed. The feel of Becky's nipples teasing against his own drove Zack insane with ecstasy. 

Becky arched back as she bucked her hips up and down. She rode him in a steady rhythm; up and down their bodies clapped with each thrust. Zack's thick shaft was steadily sliding in and out of Becky's sweet hole like a piston into a chamber in low gear. Becky's small breasts shook with each thrust as her body bounced up and down. Becky and Zack gasped and moaned with each thrust. 

"Stand up," Zack gasped his demand.

Becky stood up, extricating Zack from her sopping pussy. He guided her to turn around. She leaned forward, placing her hands on the meeting table to support her weight as she spread her legs wide. Zack put his hands on her waist as he plunged his cock into her warm hole. Becky squealed as he slid all the way in, the crinkled skin of his sack brushing against her sensitive clit. 

Zack gripped Becky's hips. Tiny beads of perspiration had formed on her back as Zack pumped her from behind. At first, Zack's thrusts came in a slow, steady pace. But it didn't take long for him to pick up his pace. Soon, his pistoning cock was in high gear as his hips thrust back and forth. Both Zack and Becky could feel the tight, tingling sensation of their burgeoning orgasms. 

Zack was the first to let go. His cock pulsed as his balls pulled in close to his body. With one final thrust, he plunged his shaft deep inside Becky, burying himself all the way to the base. His cock spurted stream after stream of hot cum deep inside Becky's palpitating tunnel. 

Zack's explosion was the catalyst that sent Becky over the brink. She bucked her hips for one final ride on Zack's spewing cock as her own body released in pleasure. Her thighs shook as she lustfully cried out in pleasure. Spasms of climax tore through her body as she clutched the table to keep from falling over. Becky's quivering legs could barely hold her up. For several moments the two spent lovers rested against the table, Zack's softening member still inside Becky. They let the final throbs of orgasm dissipate before they slumped into separate chairs. Becky picked up one of the bottles of water and greedily slurped the cool liquid.

"Do I still owe you for this?" Becky joked.

"I can always get you another bottle if this is the repayment," Zack needled back. 

Zack looked forward to more Saturdays working with Becky on projects.