 Here's another story inspired by a favourite Keith Urban song. What can I say? Inspiration for writing comes from all over and lately, it's coming from Keith Urban's music. And from these two characters.

This story takes place before the events of "Raining on Sunday," and hopefully it doesn't confuse anyone. Both stories stand on their own though so don't feel the need to read the other one first.

As always, take care and happy reading.

M. ;)

****

I hadn't really expected to see him when I came to town. I knew he still lived here and I'd thought about him constantly since leaving, but I didn't think I'd run into him. Hoped, maybe, but I thought he'd have been working and not wandering around the marketplace where we'd used to spend our Sunday mornings.

Right away, I thought about going over to talk to him, or even just to say 'hi'. I took two steps in his direction before stopping myself.

He could be here on a date, for all I knew. Hell, he could have been married in the time since I'd left. It had been just over a year. I knew he wasn't quite impulsive enough to meet and marry someone in that time frame, but you never know. After all, we'd started talking about marriage before we'd talked about living together. Granted, talk of living together usually goes with the marriage talk but as these thoughts and more crossed my mind, I knew I was just stalling.

He moved on to the next booth and eyed the selection of fruit laid out there. He reached for an apple, checked another one and then started to walk away again.

I knew I couldn't just walk away and pretend I'd never seen him. I was only in town for a week – this time – and there was every reason to think I could run into him again. Or next time. And...we'd been in love once. If I was being honest with myself, I still loved him.

I squared my shoulders and walked over. At the last second, I veered behind him and dropped my hands over his eyes. I'd misjudged how close I was and all but fell into his back, draping myself over his shoulders. So my voice was a little breathless when I said, "Guess who?"

He started. I could feel the tension in his muscles. Then he relaxed and I felt his cheeks move under my hands as he smiled.

"Um...Mary-Anne?"

I just about jerked my hands off his eyes to smack him. I felt a vibration in his chest and knew he was holding back laughter.

"No. Lauryn?" He hemmed and hawed for another few seconds before rattling off a few more names. "Alicia? Katie? Becca?"

I started laughing at this point and I gave him a little shove. He turned around and our eyes met. Before I could say a word, he swept me off my feet in a bear hug.

"My God, angel." His words, spoken low and close to my ear sent an involuntary shiver up my spine. "I can't believe you're here."

"Hey you."

We hugged for a long minute and I was sorry when he set me back on my feet. He put his hands on either side of my face and before I could say anything, he kissed me.

And just like that, it was a year ago. His lips felt the same, his hands framed my face with the same care and the warmth of his body against mine was achingly familiar.

In another second, he released me and we stared at each other. He seemed as startled to have kissed me as I was to receive it. Heat crept up my neck to my cheeks and I smiled. He let out a weak laugh and I joined in.

"Well, thanks, Christian."

Something flickered in his eyes but he smiled and nodded, taking a step back "So...why...I mean, what are you doing here? Have you moved back?"

I shook my head. "No. I'm just here for a week. For work."

"How's that going? Your new job, I mean."

"It's good. Different from what I thought it was going to be like, but good."

A beat of silence passed.

"How are you? Is work going well for you?" I asked.

"It's fine." His face broke into a smile. "Eric called in an order last week but he miscalculated the conversions."

My smile matched his. Before I'd moved away, we'd spent hours laughing over Eric's absent-minded errors. Christian went on to tell me how he'd had to backtrack through several weeks of data to correct the mistake.

"I can't believe he hasn't figured that out yet," I said when Christian was done with his narration. "I would have thought he'd picked it up at some point in the last two years."

"I'd have thought so, too." Christian shrugged. "I think he's always distracted."

I laughed. "Yeah, by Sharon and her tight skirts."

"I know!" Christian chuckled along with me.

We chatted about his work and the people there for a few more minutes. Then he asked about my work and I told him a few good tales. He grinned when I described my first week there.

"It was such a gong show, I'm telling you." I shook my head. "I swear, I thought for the longest time that they didn't know I was supposed to start that week."

Without realizing it, we'd wandered away from the busiest section of the market. We were now meandering along a park path that led away from the marketplace. I knew from previous market days that this path would wind around until we reached the parking lot again. I wasn't in a hurry to get back to my car and Christian didn't seem to feel rushed either.

As we walked, we chatted like we used to so long ago. We talked, laughed, nudged each other with our elbows as we walked. It was as if no time at all had passed. Then we hit the parking lot and our pace slowed.

"I was surprised to see you in the market today," I said after a momentary lull in the conversation.

"Were you?"

"Yeah. I mean..." I paused, unsure of what to say all of a sudden. I didn't want to bring up how we'd only ever gone to market on Sundays, together, when the weather was fine, and we'd spend hours looking at every little thing, laughing about everything and anything. I didn't want him to think I'd spent the past year pining for those Sundays and missing him so much some mornings that it was all I could do to get out of bed.

I cleared my throat and continued. "I didn't think you liked coming on Saturdays."

His gaze went over to the packed entrance to the market. It was about an hour after I'd first arrived and was now peak shopping time. "I tried coming on a Sunday once a few months back but it...it just wasn't the same." His eyes came back to my face and I couldn't read the expression in his chocolate-brown eyes. "Saturday's are better for me."

"Yeah?"

He nodded.

For a few seconds – or hours – we just stared at each other. So many times before, we'd done this and would eventually have found a way to rip each other's clothes off before making each other crazy. Now, I broke the gaze and looked away.

"I guess you'll be heading off to see Todd, right?" I was referring to his Saturday ritual with his friend, Todd. They'd get together at Todd's place for a drink in the afternoons, maybe play some cards or watch a game before meeting up with some other friends.

"No. He's been seeing this new woman and I hardly ever hear from him."

"That shouldn't stop you from seeing the others," I teased. "You and Todd weren't exclusive, right?"

He shook his head. "If I've told you once, I've told you a thousand times, angel: Todd and I are just friends!"

I giggled and clapped a hand over my mouth when an unladylike snort escaped. I flushed but Christian just laughed and bumped his shoulder against me.

"Tell me about this woman Todd's seeing." I said. "I always thought he'd be the last of the single guys."

"So did I." Christian grinned and we started to make our way through the parking lot as he told me about his friend's girlfriend. "She's a nurse and she's actually pretty cool. I think she'd be totally fine with Todd having us over like usual on Saturday nights but Todd is trying so hard to impress her."

"How long have they been dating?"

"Six months."

I chuckled. "Six months? He should be past the needing to impress her stage."

"Maybe but he's just over the moon for her."

"That's great, really." I smiled, picturing tough-guy Todd moony over a woman. It was a fun image. "What about the other guys? How's Tim? And Adam. God, their kid has got to be...what? Six? Seven?"

"Lucy is seven now."

"Oh wow." I shook my head. It seemed like everything had changed. I knew it had only been a year but so many little things felt different enough that it made me wonder if anything had stayed the same.

Christian told me more about his buddies as we shuffled down the aisles of cars until we stopped by his familiar Isuzu Trooper.

"Where are you parked?" he asked.

I glanced around and pointed at my blue rental. "Just there."

"What have you got going on for the rest of the day? Meetings or anything?"

I shook my head. "No. I wasn't even supposed to spend the weekend here but someone screwed up the travel schedule. Why?"

"I was going to stop and get a calzone from Salvatore's on my way home for dinner." He tipped his chin down to smile at me. "I know you love their calzones. You want to join me?"

I bit my lip, already screaming 'yes, yes, God, YES!' in my head but I stopped myself from saying it out loud. "Mm. I do love Salvatore's. I could go for a calzone."

Christian's face lit up and my heart skipped a beat at the sight. Once upon a time I'd put that look on his face every day, several times a day, just by walking into a room. "Awesome. Do you remember how to get there?"

I nodded and hurried off to my car.

We were within sight of each other the whole drive to the small restaurant. Once there, instead of take-out, we dined in. We spent hours talking over drinks and our enormous calzones until the sun was long gone from the sky. We talked like we used to, about everything from movies we could quote verbatim to serious topics like his father's passing and my mother's health.

After what felt like no time at all, I was stifling a yawn and he glanced at his watch. I saw the motion and figured he was dying to get rid of me.

"I've sure had fun talking with you, angel."

My heart flip-flopped at the endearment and I managed a crooked smile. "Me too."

"I don't want to go."

I hadn't been expecting that and so I had nothing to say in response. After a long moment, I shook my head. "I don't want to leave either."

He looked at me and I felt warmth in my face. "You want to come over for a bit? We can keep talking, catch up some more."

My mouth went dry at his question. I knew that voice and recognized the way his tone changed. I wanted to ask, 'why wait to get to your place?'

"I'd love to," I said, ignoring the way my voice wobbled.

"You'll have to follow me." He stood up from the table and helped me with my jacket. "I moved to a new place after."

After.

After I'd left him behind to pursue my career eight hours away. After we'd had several fights over the job offer. After he'd stubbornly refused to support me and instead had suggested we take a break so I could figure out what I wanted.

The warmth that had rushed through me at his offer chilled. Then I felt his fingers brush my hair back as he slid my coat up my shoulders.

History or not, past arguments unresolved or not, I wasn't going to change my mind.

"Let's go," I whispered and slipped my hand in his.

We walked out of the restaurant like that and he walked me to my car before going to his own. The drive seemed to last an eternity but it took maybe ten or fifteen minutes. He pulled into a long driveway and disappeared alongside a brick-covered two-story house. I followed and parked just behind him on the driveway.

I walked just inside the dark house after him and waited before going any further to make sure I didn't walk into any furniture. He flicked on a light and I glanced around. It was sparsely decorated and the table against one wall was big enough for maybe three people to sit around it.

I brought my eyes to his face and smiled. "It's nice, Christian."

He didn't say anything. I looked down and over at the counters, struggling to think of something else to say. I lifted my chin and was about to speak but Christian moved closer to me. He crowded me near the door as he reached over and slid the deadbolt into place. The click echoed in the kitchen.

"It's better with you in it, Maggie."

I shivered at his deep tone and met his eyes with my own.

"Would you like to see the rest of the house?"

I nodded, not trusting myself to speak. He slipped his fingers around mine and waited as I toed my shoes off. We walked through the kitchen to the main room and up a set of stairs. He barely paused in each doorway to tell me where we were. Then we were inside a bedroom. His bedroom.

I looked around, still feeling tongue-tied. Christian's fingers tightened around mine. I glanced up at him and away, unsure of what I was seeing in his eyes.

That was a lie. I'd always known what he was thinking when he looked at me like that.

"Christian, I–"

I never got it out. He turned, his free arm going around my waist as he backed me up against the door jamb. I let out a startled breath that he captured with his mouth and his body kept me trapped there.

He kissed me like he used to, sucking on my bottom lip and sliding his tongue over my teeth before sinking into my mouth. I met the stroke of his tongue with mine and had to hold back a moan at the sensation and taste of him. He tasted of calzone and soda. I should maybe be turned off by the taste but I loved it.

Christian put his hand to my head and tangled his fingers in my hair. I gasped when he jerked my head back and opened my eyes to see him staring down at me. We didn't speak and he lowered his head to press his lips to my neck. I shuddered and clung to his shoulders, wondering how long it would be until my legs gave way.

His mouth moved on my skin, sliding down one side and up the other, pausing to dip his tongue into the hollow at the base of my throat. He closed his lips around my ear lobe and sucked. Then he released it and exhaled a hot breath on the damp skin. I shivered, goosebumps rising all over my body.

"Oh God, Christian..."

Still, he said nothing. Not a word was spoken as he continued to kiss my neck, my face and lips. He didn't stop to ask if I minded when he pulled my shirt off or pushed my bra out of the way so he could suck on my nipples. He didn't lift his head when he shoved a hand down the front of my pants.

"Christian!" I dropped my head back against the wall as he stroked me.

He did raise his head then and watched me with hooded eyes as he slid his fingers between my wet lips. I gasped and shook in his arms, trembling with the force of these sensations. Then, because he knew me so well, had always known me and my body, he rubbed his fingers in a circle over my clit and I came apart.

As I rocked my hips against his hand, Christian buried his face in the crook of my neck. He inhaled and blew a hot stream of air across my bared chest. His whiskers rubbed against me and drew out the waves of pleasure crashing through my body.

When he sensed me coming down from the high, he eased me away from the wall and walked me over to the bed. I sank down with a sigh and giggled as Christian started to tug my pants off. I reached up to take my bra all the way off and I was naked in another second

A shiver went through me and I watched as he rushed to strip out of his clothes. He left his socks on, such a funny, familiar sight that sudden tears clogged my throat. I blinked a few times and looked away. A moment passed and I felt Christian's weight shaking the bed. I turned to him, lifting my arms to pull him down on me.

I reached between us for his rigid length and smiled when he hissed in response. I rubbed my palm over the head and stroked him up and down a few times.

"Enough." His hand closed over mine and pulled it away.

I pouted until he kissed me and then he was pushing inside of me, his hot body covering mine. I let out a strangled moan and clutched him close, my arms and legs going around him. He started to move, short, hard thrusts that left me almost breathless. Then he slowed down, lowering his head to kiss me.

I sighed into his mouth and ran my palms over his shoulders and up to his hair. He trembled as I rubbed my fingers through his thick, dark hair and twisted his mouth away from mine to draw in a breath. I smiled against his cheek as he moved, loving the way our whole bodies rubbed together every time he pushed into me.

I traced the outline of his ears as he moved in me and he shuddered again. I giggled and kept laughing when he raised his head to give me a narrow glance.

"You'll pay for that, angel," he murmured and rubbed his whiskery cheek against my neck.

My laugh was cut off and I struggled to breathe as he rubbed harder. Then he turned his head to kiss and lick the spot he'd just roughed up. I knew I'd probably have a mark there in the morning but I didn't care. I'd never cared. I'd always wanted to wear Christian's love bites and marks on my skin. I wanted to carry a constant reminder of belonging to him, of being loved by him.

He lifted himself to his elbows then and brushed the hair back from my face as he started to move faster. He thrust harder into me, forcing the air from my lungs with each move. I gasped and clung to him, pressing my head back against the bed. He dropped his head to press his mouth to my neck and I felt his breathing becoming ragged.

All at once, we came. I let out a cry and he groaned, a stuttering, low sound that I remembered so well. I was sure I'd left red stripes on his shoulders and back from my nails, just as sure as I'd been that he'd turned my neck red with his whiskers and mouth.

After a short while, both of us with our breathing returned to normal, we disentangled from each other. I rolled to my side and stared at Christian who rolled to his back. I wondered if he wanted me to leave or stay. I wondered if I wanted to go. I was dying to ask if he remembered and loved all the same things I did about making love.

I made a move to sit up but Christian rolled back towards me and threw an arm across my stomach. He nuzzled his mouth against my shoulder and gave me a sleepy smile. I smiled back and rested my hands on his arm. He murmured something, muffled by the way his mouth was pressed to my shoulder and I let out a soft laugh.

In another few seconds, he was asleep. I glanced at his socks again, smiled and wriggled deeper into his embrace before drifting off.

****

Christian woke me sometime during the night to make love again. I felt his hands on my body first, warm and gentle as he stroked my side. He pushed on my shoulder to get me to roll to my back and I blinked my eyes open to see him giving me an impish smile.

"I need to be inside you, angel."

It took me a few seconds to wake up some more but when I did, I nodded in agreement. Then I urged him to his back and straddled his waist. This time, I controlled the pace. It was wonderful and passionate. The darkness of the room around us felt close and intimate. I gave myself over to it and found pleasure with Christian that had me seeing stars.

When I woke up again, several hours later and well into the morning, Christian was still asleep and snoring. I watched him sleep for a few seconds before looking around for my clothes. I spotted the pile but also saw one of Christian's button-down shirts hanging on the bed post. I grabbed it instead of my clothes and slipped my arms through the sleeves before leaving the bedroom.

I wandered back through the house, looking at all the rooms and noticing how different they looked in the daylight. I found myself in the kitchen before too long and nibbled on my bottom lip before searching for the coffee. With a pot on to brew, I turned to the back window overlooking the fenced-in yard.

I crossed my arms over my chest and shivered a little at the morning chill. I probably should have put my pants on too but hadn't thought about how cold it would be outside Christian's bed. I leaned a shoulder against the window and stared into space as I listened to the coffee dripping behind me.
