 I was visiting my old friend Susie for a couple of months, combining a brief overseas business visit with a much needed longer holiday. She has an 8 year old son, which I have been spending lots of time with these weeks. Me and the kid get on really well. 

Still, I was a bit apprehensive when Susie asked me to take him to the dentist one day, since she had a doctor appointment at the same time as his dentist one. When I was a kid the dentist was a scary place to go to. Painful. Threatening. But the kid didn't seem to mind. He was happy about a chance to go to town, and not at all afraid of pain.

So we head for the dentist. It's located in a large office building. The corridor on the 3rd floor has signs for lawyers, therapists and the like. Plus a small private dental clinic. We enter the minimalist reception which has only two cushioned benches for the waiting patients. The girl at the reception is about 20 years old and clearly overweight. As most people in this country, unfortunately. I have totally the wrong taste in women for South America. But I know this since long time. She prepares all the paperwork, and tells us the dentist will be free in about 15 minutes, and that the work should take about 20 minutes. The kid was here for a check-up two days ago, and today's appointment was scheduled to remove one caries that they found then. 

My usual habit when I'm in "boring waiting" situations is to indulge in sexy fantasies about the women around. But today there are no suitable subjects. So I settle down with the kid, playing some games and in general having fun. A couple of women keep passing between the reception and the two treatment rooms, one on this side where the reception is, and one on the other side of the corridor. I really can't tell if they are dentists or nurses. About my age, but overweight and unattractive as usual. I focus on playing with the kid.

The entrance door opens, and a woman that is clearly a nurse enters. Now suddenly life becomes more interesting. Yes, she is pretty. But it's not only that that catches my attention. It's the way she moves. She moves with a deliberate grace that is totally enchanting. Every movement seems calculated, with smooth and soft control. She walks up to the receptionist and looks at some paperwork. I totally loose focus of the game I'm playing with the kid as I watch her beautiful hand turn the pages. They look so soft. Long fingers. Immaculate nails, short and clean with clear polish. Light chocolate brown skin. Her posture is pensive, back slightly arched, head a bit tilted to the side, and the other hand on her hip. A hint of a smile plays on her lips as she lifts her gaze to me and the kid for a few seconds.

I have to make an effort not to check her out too obviously as she passes me and leaves the reception again. But I do check her out of course. I have to discount the hair, because it doesn't look so sexy in the compulsory nurses hair net. But I'm sure she has a nice haircut underneath that. Can't really guess which style, though. 

She's dressed all in white. On top she has a knee length nurses coat. I wonder if that is the clinics standard issue, or if it's a coat she's picked out herself. I guess the latter. The coats manages a really fine balance between staying very correct and modest, and being totally sexy. Well, I guess the reason it is sexy is that she is sexy, and the coat kind of allows that to shine through. It's neither tight nor loose. It just sits very right on her figure, showing it off pretty well without even getting close to being improper. The arms are short, and a little puffed. But only very little. The coats collar is a little low, showing her neck that looks very kissable. But the cotton top that she wears under the coat is not low cut, so the end result is still completely proper. And finally a pair of white slacks are complemented by low suede shoes in off-white with some turquoise pearl trimmings.

Her hips are rather narrow, especially if you compare with the average size of the women in this city. As she walks out the reception door I can easily see myself doing nice things to that slim behind. When she has left I wonder how old she was. Kind of hard to estimate. She looked really young, but you have to be about 20 or 21 to be a dentists nurse. At least. Maybe I was fooled by the perky look of her breasts. However, that could be the work of some clever bra. Hard to tell under the coat. Too young for me, my intellectual self tells me. Still, she left me with a warm tingle in my stomach.

I go back to playing with the kid for a few minutes, and then the dentist arrives. He asks us to step over to the other treatment room that's located across the corridor. The beautiful nurse is there waiting for us. A very pleasant surprise. I think I will enjoy this visit to the dentist more than I thought.

The dentist and his nurse goes to work taking some X-rays of the little guys teeth. She is still working with an exquisite grace. Handling the dentist the films, taking care of them and developing them. And, more importantly, smiling a nice shy smile as she shows me out of and back in to the room a few times, to avoid X-ray exposure. I smile back, and keep eye contact as long as I can, while watching her closely. Yeah. I think she is noticing that I am noticing her.

I chat a little with the dentist as the nurse gets busy developing the X-rays in the next room. She reappears. Carefully, almost lovingly drying the last drops of development fluid from the films. After studying them for a few moments the dentists points out a few things to me. A couple of the permanent teeth are risking growing out at bad angles due to the remaining baby teeth. He would like to remove two of the baby ones. A slightly longer operation than what was previewed. At this point in time, I don't mind at all. So I tell him to go for it.

They get to work with the local anesthetic. The kid is totally cool, fortunately. He seems to trust the dentist fine. Even when I tell him that the injection will hurt a bit he just says "OK, cool."

It's a joy to watch her work. I lean against the wall just behind the dentists chair, so in fact neither he nor the kid can see me. But she is facing me as she prepares injectors and other things on the small table in front of the dentist. I savor every hand movement, every turn of the head and every moving wrinkle of her coat. She is working very deliberately and professionally now. Not paying any attention to me. 

As the operation of cutting out two teeth moves into the cutting phase there is less work for her in preparing things, so she takes a step back and stands still, putting her hands in the pockets of her coat to watch the dentist work.

This is when I catch her looking at me for the first time. She immediately looks back to the dentists work. But I already feel a boundary has been crossed. I know she will look back. I just need to give her the right response. I don't want to come across as a too flirty. I just want her to realize that I appreciate her.

I am right. After rearranging some tools on the table, she again steps back to put her hands in her pocket. Not more than 10 seconds later she shoots me another look. This time I hold her gaze, and gives her a small appreciative smile. This produces a hint of a flush on her face, and she lowers her gaze to the floor for a bit. Most seductive. I wonder if she is aware, or just does it naturally.

A while later some machinery needs attention on the other side of the chair, so she needs to pass me. As she does, I clearly and respectfully get out of the way. Which doesn't stop me from checking her out thoroughly, of course. I still can't figure if those small firm breasts are real or just a bra. But what a super sexy body she has, anyway.

Work goes on, and she returns to her monitoring position. I feel the need to make some kind of decision. Either I leave it like this, just spend the time of the operation to watch and appreciate her. Or I make some slightly bolder move. I really can't make up my mind. I decide to just go with the flow and see what happens.

A few minutes later she is back in her observation position, and shoots me another look, this time longer and more relaxed. I jump at the opportunity. I make a small sign, grip my own shirt to show, point at her coat and make the classic thumb-to-longfinger-plus-lips-form-kiss gesture that means "very nice." I am rewarded by a bigger and warmer smile this time. I assume a kind of waiting posture, leaning against the wall. 

The next time she comes around my side of the chair, she stops, one hand on the backrest of the chair, overlooking the dentists shoulder. This would be a totally natural position for a nurse who is eager to follow the proceedings, but I am hoping she has other motives for this move. She is now only half a meter in front of me, slightly bent forward as she studies the operation. Myself, I am studying her well shaped behind as the coat gets pulled a bit tighter over it. Easy now, I think to myself. Don't rush it. After a while she needs to fetch and arrange some more things on the table, but when done, she comes back to stand in front of me with one hand on the operating chairs backrest. Only this time there is no bending over to see whats going on in the little guys mouth. 

This is it, it's time to break the physical touch barrier. At first I really don't know how to go about it. What if she gets upset? But as I watch the side of her neck, I see a small vein that runs very close to the skin. It is visibly pulsing with her heart beat. A beat that seems quite a bit too fast for a relaxed day at work. It must be. This girl is teasing me, and it's exciting her. I move closer, slowly. Very carefully leaning a bit forward, so that if she jumps I can pretend to be interested in watching the operation too, over her shoulder. My chest first makes light contact with her back. She doesn't move. She must be feeling this. I allow the touch to become a bit more firm. Now she reacts. Oh God. She moves, ever so little, but still, very clearly she moves a bit closer to me, so that more of our bodies come into contact.

I stand still for a while. Now I am having quite a pulse too. And a very noticeable hard-on. Can't let that show just yet. But my hormones are making me bold. I move a bit to her side, so that I can peek over her shoulder. This way I can give here a smile at the same time as I lean forward to pretend to look at the operation. But what I really focus on is gently gripping the sides of her arms and softly running my fingers up them. She doesn't seem to mind this position. We stand like lovers watching over a sleeping child or a pet, me slightly behind her, holding her arms by the shoulders. We are still behind the chair, so neither the dentist or the kid can see us. Time to move forward. I remain in the watching position, but I let my grip of her arms ease, so that I can softly run my fingers up and down her arms. 

I can see the small vein in her neck pulsing even quicker now. Her pulse is echoed in my own. Shit, we are close to making out now. Behind the dentists back. This is so sexy. But just I think this, she realizes that there is some work to do too, and slips out of my grip to fetch some chemicals and lay them out on the table. I remain leaning against the wall behind the chair, watching her, now with a little smile playing permanently on my lips. I was expecting her to return to my side after she is done with this bit of work, but instead she backs up to her favorite standby position, on the other side of the table, facing me. 

But this time she has less focus on the operation. She watches me, with her head slightly bent down, and her hands in the pockets of the coat. I flash her a big smile, and get a slightly smaller back. But she stays there, just watching me. I can't tell what's going through her mind. I'm not looking all that bad. I'm quite fit for my age, and nicely tanned after many months of working out in the sun. I hope she likes what she sees.

Suddenly she seems to come to a decision. She moves up to the table to arrange some things laying there, because by now the dentist is far into the teeth-removal operation, and the table is becoming a mess of tools and wipes. It seems to be going well though. The little guy is not complaining. I get a sinking feeling that this was it, she has decided not to go on with this crazy flirt. But instead she comes around the chair, and again stands in front of me with her back towards me. Only this time she is not even close to the chair. She is close to me, however. Very close. She just stands there. I see the little vein pulsing like a beacon. I know I can touch her. I can probably touch her anywhere I want. She's inviting me. The excitement is driving me crazy. I don't even know where to begin. So I raise my fingers to her neck, and trace a line from the end of her hair net down her neck and back, down to her behind, and then back up to her left shoulder. Then down again along the arm, down to that beautiful soft hand that I first saw turn the pages in the reception.

Her fingers welcome mine, and we let our hands play with each other for a while. By now my erection is starting to really call for attention. I can't stop myself anymore. I take her left hand in mine, and very slowly and deliberately position it on the front of my shorts. I'm only wearing a pair of thin summer shorts on top of my briefs, so I know she can feel exactly how hard I am. She sways and then freezes. But after a while, ever so gently her hand starts to move on its own, pressing against my pants, determining what the situation is underneath. As soon as that has been asserted, she gives me a few light squeezes through the shorts. I realize now that I shouldn't have done this. This is not giving me satisfaction, it just excites me more. And I know I won't be getting much more. I don't even think I want to get much more at the moment. I mean, we are still in in the middle of dental surgery. Before she has to move away again to do her proper work, I lean my upper body back a bit to look down and enjoy the scene: Her slender arm and pretty hand stretched out behind her, massaging me through my shorts. Centimeters in front of that her pretty behind and slender waist, mine to touch should I want to.

But I don't. I know if I do I will be approaching a point where I can't control my actions anymore. The window is open, so the room is not quiet at all, with all the noisy traffic below and an air compressor running nearby. But even so, I don't think we can pull off having sex behind the dentists back. And the kid is having two teeth cut out. He might need the nurse at some point. So next time she needs to attend to the operation I give her a little push ahead of time, telling her to leave me. I'm hoping this small move will make her want more.

She is done working again. She starts to walk back to me, but I gesture for her to stay at the opposite side of the table, where we can look at each other. She stands there, all in white and still visibly breathing a bit heavy. She is so pretty and sexy. I consider trying to get her to give me her phone number. But to be honest, I'm not sure she will. We're in the wild-and-crazy-sex-with-a-stranger mode here. Not in the dating game. Plus part of my brain clearly tells me she's to young for me to date. I decide to take a different approach. 

There is a big clock on the wall. I point at it and gesture: At what time are you finished? It takes her a few seconds to understand. Then she smiles and shows me all the fingers on one hand. Five o'clock. OK, good. This would give me time to bring the little guy back home. So I point first at myself, then out towards the office building corridor, then show five fingers and point to the clock. She looks a bit hesitant at first, then she nods and blushes at the same time. She points her index finger straight up, and then turns it a quarter of a turn. Fine. Quarter past.

The rest of the operation is quickly done. The two cut out teeth are put in a small bottle for showing to mum back home. I sign the papers for the medical insurance, give miss sexy nurse a sly smile, shake the dentists hand and say goodbye. Now that I know I will be back I actually want to leave as soon as possible. The desire is too much to bear.

The afternoon passes in a haze. Shortly before five I'm back. I have not been able to think about much else than this girl the whole time. Images of her pretty eyes, slender neck, soft skin and firm breasts are all I see. And now she's only a few meters away. I wait outside the elevators on the 3rd floor. People are leaving their offices and taking the elevators down. Just before five I see the couple of women I saw in the reception earlier this morning. They don't recognize me, however. I can tell the receptionist does, as she's waiting for the elevator some minutes later. But she decides it's none of her business why I'm there, so she pretends not to. I realize it could be a bit awkward if the dentist recognizes me too, so I bring out my phone and turn so that I'm facing away from the elevators. I keep an eye out for people arriving from the dentists side of the corridor. A few other people pass by first, and then I see the dentist turn the corner. Before he notices I am busy surfing away on my phone. I'm in his view, but he doesn't notice it's me. Or if he does, he says nothing. Anyway, I'm not looking his way until I'm sure hes gone into the elevator. All clear now, hopefully. With my stomach full of butterflies I start out down the corridor towards the clinic offices.

The reception door is locked. I ring the bell anyway, just in case. There is no reply. OK, this leaves only one chance, the door to the treatment room we were in this afternoon. As I approach it, I can already see that it's open. Should I knock or just go in? Hm, better safe than sorry. I knock the door even though it's already ajar.

She's there. I see the white of her working uniform through the slit even before she opens. The only change is she has gotten rid of the hair net, reveling a wealth of shoulder length curly black hair. I am actually a bit surprised at this, I had fantasized her hair as being longer and straight. But I don't mind. This suits her too. 

I have already decided to play a little game, in case she is having second thoughts. 

"Hi! I was here earlier today, and I believe I might have forgotten my glasses in here?"

She looks a little bewildered at first.

"Hi... I see. Well, I'm not sure, I would have seen if there was anything left behind."

"Can I have a look?"

"Yes, of course, come on in."

She shows me inside with the same controlled grace as I remember from this morning. So beautiful. Once the door closes behind me I start to feel more confident. I let her pass before me, as if I was expecting her to show me the way. In reality I just want to walk behind her, to look at her slim and lovely figure that I now know for pretty certain I will be fucking in a few minutes. We make a quick tour of the treatment room, looking for glasses. I agree that they are not there. But walking in through the small waiting room between the corridor and the treatment room has given me an idea what I want to do. 

I make as to leave, and walk out to the waiting room. It has just two low armchairs and a small table. But it also has a full length mirror by the hangers on one of the walls. The girl looks a bit confused now, but she follows me. I stop in front of the mirror and turn to face her. She stops too. I want to get back to the tense silent excitement that we had earlier today, so I say nothing, and make a "hush" gesture with my finger in front of my mouth. I gesture for her to come closer and stand in front of me. She does, with a face full of apprehension.
