 "You have the best tits, do you know that?"

"No Mike, I didn't know that."

"You're drunk."

"Not as drunk as you."

I was sitting inches from her face. All afternoon we had pretended to be a couple, yet I had never kissed her. The afternoon had started five hours before, Friday after work cocktails. I found myself wanting to reach out and play with her tits. Julie had nice ones. 

"You drank more then me, you lush."

"Bullshit, your sucking down shots like there water. Every time the shot girl came by you were grabbing her to stop. Remember, she yelled at you for grabbing her ass."

"Oh yeah, wow, I really want to see your tits Julie."

"You want to see them, I'll show you my tits." And with that her top was pulled up. She undid her bra and out they came. They were so nice. She shook them in my face.

"Like them?"

"Can I feel them?" But before she could answer me I had those puppies in my hands. I massaged the nipples and gently rubbed them, making them hard. Julie let out a moan. She squirmed when I leaned forward to suck those hard nipples.

"You're a bad boy, you know that. Taking advantage of a drunk... oh, that feels so good." She encouraged me more and I went for it. I licked my way across her tits, down her belly, and back up to her mouth. I kissed her, after sucking on her tits I figured I should. She opened her mouth and kissed me back passionately. It was slow and wet. My hands continued to massage her tits and Julie was finding it difficult to hide her excitement. My excitement became apparent with the growing bulge in my pants. 

"Suck those tits boy, you drive me nuts, you know that."

"Mmmmm, I'm glad to help." I was standing between her open legs while she sat on her desk. Less then 3 hours earlier there were 15 people in this room. Julie caught me by surprise when her hand found its way to my zipper.

_________________________

Julie was a goddess in my eyes. She was bigger then I usually like them, 5'9", easily 165, but she was built. I've told you about her tits, her ass and her legs. I'm actually a legs and ass man and she had it all working. We had become very close friends. She was divorced, 2 kids, I was divorced with 2 kids. We traded stories and often enough the conversation turned to sex. And from that we learned a hell of a lot about each other without having any type of physical relationship. Every once in a while, we would grope at each other. Most of the time it was me groping and her just letting me. I told her I loved to eat pussy, eating pussy was an art. You never learn it all, you just perfect it more and more each time you have the opportunity. I told her I was very good at it. Let me prove it I would say, but she didn't cross that line. So I did her friend, her roommate to be exact and, well, women talk. Her roommate wouldn't leave me alone, she was a great fuck and real kinky. "I'll eat Julie's pussy and let you finish her off." I fucked her a few more times, she just wanted to have me all to herself and I didn't want any part of that. Eat Julie's pussy, now that was a thought

_________________________

"I want to play with you dick." I unsnapped the front of my jeans and she undid the zipper. My dick was hard and Julie grabbed it before I could pull it out of my shorts.

"Look at this, I made you hard." That she did. Her hand worked its way under my shorts and she went right for my hard on. I had taken her shirt off and wanted to undo her pants.

"Me first, you will get your chance." All night I had fantasized about this. All year I had fantasized about this. She went to her knees, grabbed my dick with her tits and looked up at me. 

"Want to fuck my big tits big boy." I didn't say much as her mouth opened wide. 

"Oh, god, that feels so good." She took it all at once. Slowly, she let it out of her mouth and then did it again. The vacuum lock was on. Her hand joined mine and we both began to work my dick even harder. She ran her tongue over the head, she nibbled on the tip which drove me nuts. 

"Suck it you dirty fucking...."

Of course she slowed up to look at me. 

"I've never done this before Mikey, so tell me what to do." She kept sucking and licking, her mouth driving me closer to the point of no return. 

"Julie, you keep doing this and I'm going to cum right in your mouth."

"Good boy Mikey." She continued to work my dick, her head bobbing up and down as her hand jerked me off. She got the feeling I was going to cum before I even said anything to her. Five hours before we were talking about this, this exact sex act. She told me how her favorite thing was suck dick and swallowing cum. I told her I liked playing with the clit and teasing it ever so...

"I'm gonna, cum."

With that, she stopped sucking and began jerking me off with more intensity. She looked up at me with those sexy eyes.

"Come on Mikey, I want to taste you. Cum for me." Her tits looked so hot. I was ready.

"I'm cumming...." And with that I shot a white creamy stream right onto her tits. 

"Oh my, all for...." Julie giggled like a school girl. I wanted to cum in her mouth so I guided my dick into her face. She knew what to do and caught the second shot in her mouth before she could finish what she was saying.. I came again and her mouth never left my dick. She sucked on the head and worked the shaft to get every last drop. My knees were weak, you know the feeling you get after you cum and your woman still wants to suck on it. You just want her to stop it's so sensitive. She sucked it all out of the head, the first stream I shot was dribbling off her tits. She rubbed the hot sperm all over them, the sight made my dick twinge and grow stiff. Her eyes bugged out.

"Look at Mikey, he likes it." She held the cum in her mouth and stood up. She opened her mouth to show me before gulping it down. Her tongue ran seductively across her lips. I didn't want to even have her think this was going to be the end. I unbuttoned her pants and pulled them down. She stepped out of them and showed off her thong. I ran my hand across her pussy and rubbed the lacy material. Ever so gently, I worked my finger into her panties and stroked her pussy. I barely touched her, I looked her in the eyes as I began slowly stroking her swollen pussy. She was neatly shaven with a small landing strip. With her panties off I told her to lie back onto her desk. She smiled and cleared the last few things off with her hand. I put my jacket under her ass. I began at her feet, licking my way slowly up her ankle, first on her left leg, then on her right leg. She moaned as I teased her pussy. I worked my way up to her knees and then her thighs. Each time I was licking and blowing gently, listening to her moan.

"I want you to lick my pussy, please. You're driving me crazy." She was moving around as I made my way up her thigh. I teased her by getting closer then I went up instead and across her belly. I licked and sucked on her smooth skin. I blew on it and she giggled. She was putty in my hands, she wanted it bad and I knew it. Slowly, I circled across her belly, I even reached her tits once again and sucked on those perfectly hard nipples. She moaned and arched her back. She was ready...

.... I licked straight down from those luscious tits and reached her clit. She had told me she likes it slow, just the tip of your tongue to work it. She didn't like the guys who just dove in and sucked on it too rough. I just ran my tongue lightly over her clit. Her hand soon joined my tongue as she began to help out.

"Lick me there, please put your...." It was there and there and there before she could say anything else. I ran circles around her clit and licked down to her pussy. Wet and tasty, I licked her lips and even ran my tongue down to her ass. She leaned back and arched giving me a clear shot at her ass. My tongue reached her ass and I fingered that tight hole of hers. She was squirming now, uncontrollably. 

"Do me Mikey, please, make me cum, your driving me, oh, god, your so fucking good." She really liked to have her asshole fingered and her clit licked at the same time, who was I to argue. I stuck my finger in her ass, she screamed, I licked her clit with more vigor and began to keep up a pace that was driving her to the edge. Her thighs tightened and I knew what was going to happen...

"Oh god, oh god, you fucking.... Oh..... my..... yes.... yes..... oh god! She was wet, her clit was swollen and I just kept at it. She came again, this time, she screamed even louder.

"Holy shit!" Her legs were beginning to shake and she started to pull away because she was losing control. But I really wanted to fuck her after seeing that sweet pussy up close. My dick was hard, I was ready, but I was going to let her catch her breath before putting my dick in her. I pulled her up and kissed her. It was a very passionate kiss, she pulled me to her and we never broke free from each other. The sweat covered everything, the room smelled like, well it smelled like two people having sex. She knew I wanted to fuck her. Her eyes met mine and she reached forward to grab my dick.

"Not here Mikey" I looked a little surprised, but I was able to blurt out to her;" Where?"

"Upstairs, in the bosses' office." He had a pull out bed, a nice one to boot. She smiled and we both couldn't get off the desk fast enough. We were standing in the office facing each other, completely naked. I kissed her again and she grabbed my hand to lead me up the stairs. We left our clothes strewn about. I followed her because I wanted to see her ass. I had followed her up those stairs plenty of times before and dreamed about this. She dressed sexy and her ass was so hot. We reached the top of the stairs and opened the bosses' door. He had a TV, DVD player, stereo and how could we forget about the bar. 

"Get over here Mikey, I want you to fuck me real hard." With that she bent over the edge of the couch and spread her legs apart. I didn't have to be asked twice and I was soon standing behind her and pumping my dick into her wet pussy. No time to waste here.

"I'm going to call my roommate stud. You want her to join us." I was pumping hard, my balls were slapping her ass.

"Yeah, call her. But only if your going to eat her pussy."

"After you fuck her and fill that little slut's pussy with your sperm." She was reaching around and grabbing my dick.

"I'll fill her pussy if you fuck her first. Tell her to bring her toys." With that, she picked up the phone and dialed, all the time with me pounding her from behind. 

Stay Tuned...