 Loosely based on a real incident. When I say loosely, I never met the woman.

*****

It was a long hard ride. Stan was on the last twelve mile stretch of the sponsored hundred-mile bicycle ride, and he was struggling to make it to the final ride checkpoint. Stan was a novice cyclist, and this hundred mile ride was the longest he's ever ridden. The river valley the route took him through had him going down and up some serious hills. This was not a route for a novice. 

Stan was close to giving up and calling for a Supplies and Gear, otherwise known as SAG, vechicle. His legs were tired, he was sweating profusely, when it happened. A very fit woman in very tight cycling shorts and a fairly tight cycling jersey rode past him, and as she passed, she yelled "You're awesome!" 

Stan was taken aback. This was the encouragement he needed to press on to the end, which was still six miles away. Of course the fact that she was beautiful didn't hurt either. She had her black hair tied up in a ponytail, which was sticking out the back of her silver riding helmet, and as fast as she was going, after she overtook Stan, he got a view of her firm backside, as she worked up and down with each stroke of the pedal. 

About thirty minutes later, Stan pulled into the parking lot of the school which served as the end of the ride. He walked over to the table with the water jugs, filled his bottles, and downed them within moments. Since he lived nearby, he was just going to load his bike into the back of his truck and head home for a nice refreshing shower, when he heard a familiar voice.

"Made it back, I see," said the same voice he heard earlier on the road.

A bit startled, he slowly turned around to see who was behind him, and it was her. The woman who told him that he was awesome. Now she was standing near him. Her jersey, soaked with sweat was clinging to her skin, revealing the shape of her bosoms, her nipples stiffened, creating two bumps which were poking seemingly through the fabric. Her tight cycling pants caressing every curve of her fit hips and thighs, and if it weren't for the padding, he was sure he would have seen a bit more.

"Huh? Oh yeah, I did. Thanks for the encouragement. I really needed it."

"It looked like you could use a pick me up. I'm all about encouraging fellow riders. I'm Tanya."

"Hello. I'm Stan, nice to meet you." Stan extended his hand.

Tanya took his hand and replied "Likewise. So is this your first year doing this ride?"

"No," Stan said," but this is my first time doing the hundred mile route. Wow this was brutal."

"I've done the hundred three years in a row now, and you get used to most of it, except the one hill on Bluefinch Road. Took me months of practicing on my own to conquer it, but it still isn't any easier."

"You ain't kidding about it being tough. I had to walk up it," Stan said.

"No shame in that, we all have limits," Tanya replied, as she unhooked and removed her helmet, revealing her sweaty, black hair.

"You said you've practiced it? Do you live around here?" asked Stan.

"Oh yeah. I'm just about four miles past town to the east. You?"

"I'm only two miles south. Lived my whole life here."

"Awesome!" she replied "I moved here about five years ago. Let's just say that it was a combination of a bad situation and just wanting to get the hell out of the city. I need the wide open roads out here."

"I know exactly what you mean. Well, at least about the open spaces. I've not been in a situation, let alone a bad one for a long time," Stan offered as he unhooked and removed his own helmet. He turned around to refill his water bottle again, and as he bent over, Tanya's eyes lowered to his tight ass. Her nipples got a little more erect, and she got a little moist at the sight. Stan stood up and turned around suddenly, and he caught her eyes looking low. For a moment she was staring at his crotch. While the padding of his shorts certainly made his bulge bigger, she could tell his cock as pretty big to begin with. 

"Is everything okay?" he asked as he caught her momentarily staring at him.

"Huh? Oh, yeah. I'm just spacing out," she said.

Stan knew she was checking him out, but he didn't want to let her know.

"Well, Tanya, I really need to go and get a shower," Stan said, "so I should be heading towards home. It looks like you could use one as well."

"Oh, of course," Tanya replied, "I was thinking I need one as well."

"Listen, I live just two miles from here. Why don't you swing by and use mine?"

"You're sure?"

"Of course. It's not a problem. I'll set you up, and you can take all the time you need."

"Great!" she said. "I'll just load my bike up, and we can be on our way!"

Stan walked with Tanya to her car, and he lifted her bike up onto her rack. He could have sworn she purposely grabbed his ass - no, he was certain she purposely grabbed his ass. His bulge was getting bigger. She followed Stan in her car over to Stan's pick-up. Stan loaded his bike up, and Tanya followed him to his place.

Stan's place was a farmhouse, but not a typical one. About ten years ago, a tornado tore through the area, and disintegrated the hundred year old two story house that had been sitting here. The former owners built a single story ranch house in it's place, then decided to retire to Florida the next year. Stan, wanting to stay close to family, purchased the property, and lived in it ever since.

They pulled up, and got out of their respective vehicles. Stan and Tanya walked up to the dwelling, and then he unlocked the door. The interior of the house was nondescript. Just a couch and TV in the living room, a door leading to the basement, and a kitchen, while mostly clean, did have some dirty dishes in the sink.

"The life of a bachelor," he humorously said as he shut the door behind them.

He guided Tanya to the bathroom, in which not only did he have a shower, but also a large tub.

"Sometimes after what seems like a long ride, a nice relaxing soak in the tub is just the thing."

Tanya unzipped the front of her jersey and replied "I know exactly what you mean." She reached down and stopped up the tub, then turned the water on. Then she leaned forward and kissed Stan. He reciprocated, and pushed his tongue into her mouth. As their tongues wrestled, she untied his shorts, then slipped her hand in.

"Mmm. I didn't think that was all padding," she said after pulling back from him.

She grabbed the hem of her jersey, and pulled it up and off. Her stomach was tight, and she had a black sports bra covering up her B cup breasts. Stan took hold of the sports bra and rolled it up and over her head. Tanya undid her ponytail, and her hair was revealed to be of a medium length. Then she kneeled down, leaving the knee pads she was wearing on.

"I've never needed these for a ride before, but you can never tell when they come in handy," she said in a mischievous tone.

She slid his shorts down, then his compression underpants, revealing his seven inch cock. She licked her lips, then grabbed his shaft and started stroking. Her tongue licked all over his balls, then she took one in her mouth and sucked. Stan moaned. She continued her licking all the way up to the tip of his penis, and she swirled her tongue around the head. She then slowly took the whole thing into her mouth, gagging slightly.

In his pleasure, Stan gazed down at the action, and Tanya lifted her green eyes up to meet his. She removed herself from Stan's rod, and stood up, never stroking it as she went. By this time the tub was full, and Stan reached over and turned the water off. Tanya removed her shorts and panties, and Stan removed his shirt. He slowly settled into the tub, then he took Tanya's hands and guided her in. She sat between his legs, and scooted up so she could continue the mutual tongue wrestling. As their tongues entwined, Stan reached for the soap, lathered up his hands, and glided them all over Tanya's breasts.

Tanya broke the kiss, and returned her hands to Stan's shaft. She was stroking him slowly, deliberately as he slid his hand down to her entrance. He inserted two fingers, and started sliding them. The soapy fingers, the warm water and her wet pussy allowed him easy entrance.

"Oh Stan!" she cried as Stan's fingers slid inside her harder and faster. He removed them from inside her, and started flicking her clit with them. Tanya let her grip go, and started thrashing in the tub. Her breathing got harder and her moans got more intense, as her orgasm set in.

"I'm cummming! Oh baby, baby!" she screamed as wave after wave of pleasure washed over her.

Stan opened the shower door, and they both stepped out. He grabbed a towel, and started drying Tanya off, grabbing her tits with the soft fabric, kneading gently. She grabbed his arm and pulled him closer for another deep kiss.

She pulled back and whispered into his ear "There's something else I want to ride."

Stan picked her up and took her to the bedroom. Tanya threw her head back and giggled the whole time, until Stan threw her down onto the bed.

The bed bounced several times upon the impact of the athletic beauty on the mattress Stan kneeled on the bed over her, leaned forward and kissed her passionately again. He broke the kiss,and kissed her cheek. He then proceeded to kiss her neck then nibble her ear. Tanya moaned deeply. Stan kissed her neck again, worked down to her shoulder and then her breasts. Stan stopped and stared at the beautiful figure he had seen with tight fabric in the way only an hour ago.

"Gorgeous," he said as he grasped her breasts and sucked on each nipple. Before he could go any further, Stan nibbled Tanya's right nipple.

"Ouch!" she exclaimed, "but don't stop."

Stan started kissing his way down her chest, down her stomach, but then moved to her calves.

"Mmm,you are very fit."

He kissed her calves, and worked his way up to her inner thighs. Slowly kissing up to her slit, he took in the scent of her wet pussy. He kissed her mons, then stiffened his tongue and slid it into her entrance.

"Oh god!" she moaned as he wiggled his tongue.

He pulled his tongue out and replaced it with two fingers. He started sliding them, brushing her g-spot with each stroke, while his tongue danced on her clit.

"Fuck baby! Keep going!"

Stan took the hint, and started sucking on her clit before flicking it again. Tanya's body was starting to overcome with pleasure. She shivered, and started bucking her hips, as she pushed his head closer to her. Stan licked and sucked her clit harder and faster as his fingers followed suit. Tanya bucked harder and faster as well.

"Oh fuck,oh shit! I'm cumming!"

Tanya's body felt wave after wave of pleasure rush over her as she experienced an orgasm more intense than any she had before.

She grabbed Stan by his hair and pulled him off her pussy,bringing him to her face for a kiss. As they urgently tongue wrestled,she pushed him off and onto his back.

"I feel like another ride," she said.

She straddled Stan,and slowly lowered herself onto his hard shaft, starting with his swollen head, then inch by inch until he was fully inside her. 

"Mmmm, you fill me nicely," she moaned as she started sliding up and down Stan's manhood.

"Oh yeah baby," he moaned as she rode him faster and faster. Stan sat up and wrapped his arms around her and kissed her again and again as she rode him faster and faster. He then grabbed her breasts and kissed and nibbled them as she bounced on him with more vigor.

"Oh fuck! I'm cumming again!"

"Mmmm, I'm going to cum too!" he moaned.

They both started moaning harder and harder, their bodies trembling in unison.

"Oooh yeah! Give it to me!" she screamed.

Faster and harder she fucked him until her orgasm hit with exquisite intensity. 

"Fuuccckkk!" Stan exclaimed as his cock erupted violently inside her,spewing load after load of his seed deep into her. He pulled out, and moved on his knees up to her face. She eagerly took his cock into her mouth,and licked the last remaining drops of his cum. She swallowed it all down.

"The best thing after a workout is a protein shake," Tanya said. They both laughed

"Maybe we should workout more?" Stan said.

"I'm looking forward to it."