 She was in quite a mood. Damn, what a day! And the fucking traffic... all the way home, bumper to bumper. What I need is some serious pampering, she thought.

She came through the door looking for him. Hmmm, he wasn't in the living room or the kitchen. She heard the TV going in the bedroom... the sound of baseball making her groan. "Just great," she thought, "another fucking game on TV meaning no sex or conversation let alone pampering." 

He was laying face down on the bed wearing only a pair of sweat pants, his eyes glued to the TV in front of him. "Hey" she said. A short grunt was the only response.

A plan started forming in her mind. "Can I get you a beer?" she asked. 

"Uh, yeah," he replied, wondering what she was up to since he knew she got pissed when he got too involved with watching a game. She came back into the bedroom with two bottles of beer in her hands. A shit-eating grin was on her face.

He eyed her cautiously while taking the beer from her hand. "What are you smiling about? You doing shots in the kitchen again?" he asked.

"Mmmmm, maybe," she said. "Let me rub your back for you, OK?" she said. 

He shifted his body back around so he could watch the game. She climbed on top of him, her legs straddling his ass and began to massage his neck and shoulders. He continued to watch the game intensely, taking a swig from his beer every now and then. 

Her hands moved down his back, rubbing all along his spine. His muscles relaxed and he sighed. "This is great," he thought. "What a super girl I've got." 

She moved off of him and said something about being right back. He sighed and continued to watch the game. He heard her come back into the bedroom but couldn't move his eyes from the TV screen. 

Suddenly he felt her grab his sweat pants and pull them down around his ankles, leaving his ass exposed. He glanced back to see what she was up to and was shocked to see her wearing a rubber glove, a jar of vasoline in her other hand. She scooped a bunch up with the gloved hand, her other hand grabbing his ass cheeks and spreading them. The gloved hand smeared vasoline up and down his crack, spending extra time rubbing lube around his anus.

His cock was instantly hard. She scooped up more vasoline with her middle finger and he felt her circling his anus. "Dear Jesus, what are you doing?" he pleaded. Her only answer was to push her finger up his tight ass as far as she could. She pulled her finger out and then pushed it in again. He felt his cock jerk and start to throb. She moved her finger in and out a few more times, then reached around and flipped his body over.

She gazed at his cock, hard and throbbing and let her tongue lick just the head. "Well, now that I have your attention," she said, "I had a shitty day and need to take it out on someone. You're it."

Her nicely lubed finger moved up and down his crack, finally finding his asshole. Slowly she pushed her finger in him, at the same time, she opened her mouth wide and sucked his cock in. "God," he screamed. 

She pushed her finger in deep and curled it upward, looking for the elusive prostate. His whole body began to convulse, his cock harder than a rock, his breathing coming in quick pants. He began to scream as he felt his balls start to tighten; the head of his cock feeling like it was going to explode. "Oh My God," he screamed as he felt her wet mouth sucking him, her finger rubbing deep inside his ass. He grabbed her hair, feeling the head of his cock explode; his cum coming out in explosion after explosion, filling her mouth and spilling down her chin. 

She let his cock drop out of her mouth and pulled her finger out of his ass. His eyes were closed and he was breathing heavily, a high pitched girly sound coming out of his mouth. 

She moved up his body and her mouth met his. His tongue moved deep into her mouth and he eagerly tasted his cum. He felt a large aftershock go through his body as he lay there dazed, his mind incapable of coherent thought.