 On the drive home from work, your mind is wondering what I'm up to tonight. You pick up your cell phone and dial my number. 

"Hello?"

"Hey baby, feel like coming over tonight?"

"Sorry hun, the girls in the office are throwing a wedding shower for Gina and I've made plans to be there."

"Aw, ok...guess its just me, the couch and the ball game then."

"If it doesn't last too long, maybe I'll show up afterwards."

"OK baby...just give me a call and let me know." 

"I will, baby. Bye for now."

"Bye"

Disappointed, you hang up and set the phone down. Traffic is moving at a brisk pace tonight and you just wanna get home now. A few more miles. As you pull into the driveway, you decide to order Chinese take out for dinner. Entering the house, you notice a familiar scent.....my scent. You notice a red rose on the floor and a smile crosses your lips. Easing the door shut, you look around and see a few more leading into the hallway. 

Picking them up along the way, your desire begins to fill your cock with heat. Its then that you see the bathroom door is shut. Turning the knob slowly, you see that there are candles everywhere...the sink, the floor, the ledge of the window. Your eyes, searching, find me asleep in the bathtub surrounded by bubbles. Mmmmmmmmm...inviting. You decide not to wake me, and step into the hallway to get out of your clothes. 

Easing back into the bathroom, some of the bubbles have moved away from my breast. My deep pink nipple is poking up through the water. Yearning to touch me, you move more of the bubbles away from me gently, your eyes hungry for the sight of my tanned body. Following an invisible pathway downward, your eyes make their way to my stomach, my abdomen and then.…. It's then that you notice your razor and shaving cream on the floor beside the tub.

Desire has flooded your cock with a hardness like never before! Slowly, so as not to wake me, you ease your hand into the warm water, aching to touch my freshly trimmed pussy. "Oh my God!", you are thinking, as your hand lightly touches my mound. Slowly sliding your middle finger downward to trace the outline of my lips, your heart is beating faster, your breath coming quicker. Your finger has a mind of its own now and you ease it in gently, parting my lips and grazing my clit. Then you feel a shiver come over me.

Your eyes find mine and hold me there. Unable to get away from your hot gaze, my legs begin to relax and open, drawing you into me deeper. There is no control here, right now. Expertly, your fingers slide into me and find my G-spot. Wanting to tease me, you move so slightly that it’s hardly noticeable...except to me. You begin to draw a circle, small at first, on my doorway to letting go. As the circle increases in size, my orgasm is drawing near. You feel my body begin to tense, tighten, and know that you have me on the edge. My hips are meeting your hand and begging for more. You want to watch me cum. 

My body obeys you and I begin to cum. Slowly, at first, then more violently, My eyes are wide now, still not moving from yours. This orgasm is taking over my whole body, not mine to control anymore. My hand searches for yours, finding it and holding you inside me. Grinding against your fingers, I am beginning to feel the waves of heat pulsing through me. Suddenly, without warning, my eyes begin to roll back and my back arches, thrusting my breasts up through the water. As I ride out the orgasm, you release your power over me and ease your fingers out of me. Your hand reaches out to me, urging me to stand. I slide my hand in yours and you pull me up gently. 

Watching the water cascade down my body, you fight the urge to take me and ravage me right there. Stepping out of the tub, I feel a warm towel envelope me. You pick me up and make your way to the bedroom right next door. My lips find yours and we share a wonderfully deep and passionate kiss.

Once in the room, you gently lay me on the bed. Taking a moment to catch your breath, you turn to close the door behind us. After the click of the door shutting, you look to find the bed empty! Searching the room, you call out my name. I’m nowhere to be found but you hear my voice telling you to walk over to the nightstand. I tell you to open the drawer, take out the blindfold that I have stuffed in there, tie it tightly around your head and eyes, then lie down on the bed on your back.