 My favourite time of year is summer. There is something about the colours, scents and sounds of summer that had always made me smile and this summer had been no exception. The heat had been intense and a flirtation I had been pursuing was becoming even more so. I had met Jimmy online in a chat room and we had just clicked immediately. The same kind of outlook on life, the same infantile sense of school boy humour and the added bonus of finding each other very attractive. Little did I know that this harmless online fun would turn into one of the most erotic moments of my life.

One morning before I left for work I had logged onto the computer to check my mail and see if Jim was about. As usual he was and immediately sent me a message.

"Morning gorgeous, been thinking about you all night."

I felt a rush of blood to my groin and a tingle as I read the familiar text of my friend.

"Have you now?" I typed back, "And what have you been thinking about this time?" I leaned over and opened my window, the cool summer morning scent of cut grass filling the room.

"I've been thinking that this has been going on too long now, I need to be with you, to touch you"

I leaned back in my chair and lit a cigarette as I thought about what he was saying. Would it ever be a good idea to live out what had only been a fantasy? What if it was just uncomfortable and was it safe. After all we were essentially strangers. I knew the basic things about him, but online can it ever be safe. We really never know whom we are talking to.

"Hello? You still there babe?" the message popped up on my screen

"Yeah. Just thinking." I replied, "Are you saying you want to meet me? Properly? In person?"

"Hell yeah, I am!" came the response

I needed to have some time to think.

"I gotta go to work, can I think about this?" I asked Jimmy

"Take your time sexy. But think about how amazing it could be to spend the night together. You KNOW how great it would be."

"I'll think about it today babe" I replied.

I switched off the computer and ran out to my car, already running late for work. I worked in tele-marketing office and my boss was on the brink of firing me as it was. The witch had never liked me and I was skating on thin ice. But I couldn't focus on what was happening to my shitty career, I was concentrating hard about whether or not it was a good idea to finally meet my Jimmy. The build up had been the equivalent of 6 weeks of foreplay. We had chatted all night on more than one occasion and had brought each other to earth shattering orgasms over the phone whilst relaying our most intimate thoughts and fantasies to one another. I actually felt like I had known him forever and yet was so worried about finally meeting him.

I got into work without my boss noticing me and sat down at my desk, kicking my black heels off under my stool. As I got on with the daily grind of numbers and calculations a little pop up appeared on my screen.

'You have email'

I opened up my email account and there, sure enough was an email from Jimmy. It read:

"Hi sweetie. I know that you're having doubts about meeting up and I understand why. It's a massive step and the difference between just being on the end of the phone or online and actually being together in the flesh is vast. But please just let your fears disappear for a moment and think about how wonderful it could be. I'll be waiting, love Jim x "

I read and re-read the note over and over in my head and did as Jimmy had asked. I thought about how amazing it would be to finally be able to touch his face and body. To have him kiss me, and to kiss him back. It seemed crazy that we had cum together on so many occasions and never touched or kissed one another. 

As I was pondering this subject I felt again the tingle in my clit that I had felt earlier that morning. I picked up my phone and rushed to the ladies. Speed dialling Jimmy's number I waited to hear his voice at the other end of the phone

"Feeling it again are you babe?" Came the answer from the other end of the phone.

"I can't talk." I whispered 

"So you're at work and you want me to get you off?" Jimmy asked

"Uh huh." Came my stilted reply

"Ok. Put your knickers in your handbag, and put your fingers on your hole. I bet you're warm and wet. Get one of those fingers deep inside you and then start rubbing it gently on your clit. You don't have much time sweetie so rub a little harder now. I bet you get excited thinking that you should be sitting at your desk and instead you're fucking yourself in the toilets. My cock is so hard now sexy, thinking about you friggin yourself off." 

I could hear his breathing begin to increase in volume as he started to pump furiously on his cock as I had heard him do so many times before. I felt myself get wetter and wetter as I furiously slid my fingers over my clit waiting for the sweet release that I knew would come.

"Come on baby, I'm getting close just thinking about you. My cock is straining for you. Rub it hard, cum for me baby, cum, cum, cum!"

As I felt the orgasm wash over me like a tidal wave of bliss I let out a moan and heard Jim do the same, his breathing so rapid it sounded like he'd run a marathon. A voice came from the cubicle next to mine

"Who is in there?"

It was Maria, my boss. That was it. The final thing she needed to put the last nail in my coffin. My heart was thumping and I dropped the phone in a panic, as it slid away from me I heard her pick it up. She said nothing and just listened as Jimmy panted. I could vaguely hear him in the silence of the echoey bathroom.

"That was wonderful, sure you don't wanna do that for real?"

Maria came out of the cubicle and I knew that I had no choice but to leave mine too. We stood face to face and she said, stony faced 

"Do I need to say the words?" she asked, stony faced. "I'm fired?" I asked.

"I'm afraid so." came my short reply. There was no arguing the situation. She had caught me red handed (or wet handed more to the point). I didn't bother to apologise or even say goodbye. I took my phone off her and walked to the door. 

"You still there Jim?" I asked "Meet me at the station, I'm coming to see you."

As I sat on the train travelling the sixty miles to meet the man I knew so much, and yet so little about I wondered where the next few hours would bring me. This could be a disaster, but it could also be wonderful. The excitement bubbled up inside me as I contemplated what could happen. As far as disasters go I could so easily freak out right now anyway. I had just lost my job in an utterly humiliating way and had no clue as to what to do next. My only thought was to get to Jim quickly and worry about the career side of things later. I felt desperate for a release from all the shit that had been clogging my mind up recently. 

The atmosphere on the train was intense in the summer heat. The smells of passing passengers stumbling past looking for a seat and the rocking of the train kept me at a permanent state of semi-arousal as my mind wandered to Jim once again. I closed my eyes, and let my imagination sweep me away, keeping the happier thoughts at the forefront of my mind.

As the train pulled into the station I scanned the platform, worried suddenly that I wouldn't recognise Jimmy. I had seen photos of him of course but would I know him in a face-to-face situation? I disembarked the train and stepped out into the heat of the afternoon. There was no sign of Jimmy and I started to panic. Jesus, what was I thinking? Coming all the way to a totally new place where I knew not a soul except someone from the Internet who may not give a second thought about leaving me here alone. I walked over to a coffee stand and ordered a latte, mind still racing and lit a cigarette. Inhaling deeply I felt the warm rush of comfort wash down my body. I looked around me for a seat and found a bench on the platform under the shade of a tree and drank my coffee. 

Twenty minutes elapsed and I felt sure that I would have to jump back on the train and head home to re-think my future without the help of some temporary release. Slumping forward head in my hands I stubbed out my cigarette on the pavement grinding it into the floor with my shoe wishing it was Maria's head. "Stupid fucking cow!" I whispered to myself. Unsure whether I was referring to Maria or myself.

"Jesus! You are blue!" said a voice I instantly recognised.

"Jimmy?" I uttered without looking up

"Hi babe." Came the reply, and I felt a hot hand on my shoulder. I stood and without looking at him just threw my arms around him. In a sense it was an attempt to avoid any awkwardness between us. He peeled me off him and kissed me on the forehead. 

"I'm so sorry I'm late, bloody traffic. Lets go home." And he took my hand and led me to the car.

The car journey seemed an eternity. The very nearness of Jim after all these weeks of talking, texting and flirting was a tonic to me. My mind could not have been further away from the embarrassment of the earlier part of my day. 

"You okay babe? You're quiet." Asked Jimmy

"I'm fine." I replied, " This has just been such an odd day. I still can't believe I'm here."

"I'm glad you are." Came the simple reply.

"Me too." I said.

We pulled up at Jimmy's house. I knew that he worked in computing and had a superb job but had no idea to expect what stood before me. A beautiful Georgian house with roses growing up the front walls, and gardens that looked like something from a magazine. It was picturesque and stunning. 

"You kept this quiet!" I stammered, " It's amazing."

"Well, bragging is not attractive! It's home." Said Jimmy, rather tongue in cheek.

Jim grabbed my bag from the back seat and led me up the path to the front door of the house. Festooned in ivy and roses it was picture perfect, and I was feeling more and more comfortable by the minute. How did I get this lucky? I wondered to myself. Jim took me into the kitchen and opened the refrigerator. 

"Wine? You could probably use a glass I bet?" he asked

"Mmm, wonderful." I replied as he poured me a large glass of sauvignon Blanc.

I turned to wander over to the French doors and noticed a pool and hot tub steaming in the garden. My eyes nearly popped from their sockets as I imagined what we could do in there that evening. Opening the doors I let the slight breeze waft in wisping my blonde hair from my shoulders. Suddenly I froze as I felt breath on the back of my neck.

"You are so sexy babe, can't believe you're in my kitchen." Jimmy whispered into my ear trailing a finger down my spine. His hand, gently cupping my ass. He spun me around to face him and for the first time I was able to look into his hazel brown eyes. I felt like I fell into them when he said,

"Now I get to kiss you, finally." And kiss me he did. It started with the gentlest of touches. His lips barely grazing mine but soon became more urgent as Jims hand smoothed over my right breast and gently pinched my nipple through the cotton shirt I was wearing. I let out a small gasp as the pleasure surged straight to my clit. I let my tongue explore his, whist my hand was getting busy exploring his torso and straining bulge in his jeans.

"Wanna have a dip?" Jim said, gesturing towards the pool "think we could do with cooling off!"

We strolled out to the pool and Jim lifted his shirt over his head and I was able to gaze upon the body I had been lusting after for so long. Jim walked over to me after kicking off his shorts and stood in front of me naked and with a cock that was hard as a rock. He traced a bead of sweat that was trickling down from my neck to my cleavage with his finger and then licked up the trail that it had left. Unbuttoning my blouse he let out a gentle moan as he found my nipples hard and standing proud under my bra. Reaching round and releasing the zip on my skirt it fell to the floor leaving me in my underwear and heels. I removed my bra and g-string and kicked them to the floor. Standing naked in the summer sun the warmth hit our bodies and we headed into the pool.

Jim was still hard in the water and my own pussy felt like it was on fire. We continued to kiss, each one becoming more urgent that the last and out hands frantically grabbing and groping. Jim let his hand wander down to my heat and pulled me out of the water to sit on the edge of the pool. While he stood in the shallow water he spread my legs wide apart and looked at me as he let one finger enter my fiery wet hole. I was so desperate for him and I moved my hips toward him as he pushed and swirled the finger inside me. Moving his mouth close to me he licked and nibbled my inner thighs whilst letting another digit join the one already teasing my insides. I leaned back on one arm, using the other hand to pinch and flick my nipple as Jim began to breathe heavily on my swollen clit. Then I felt his tongue flick out and broadly lick over it as I was sent to heaven and back.

Jim pulled me close to him and he sucked and licked on my wet pussy while my legs dangled in the cool water of the pool. I was so captivated by the sensations and the sound of Jim moaning into my cunt that it nearly threw me over the edge. Pushing him away with my foot he got the message,

"I want to cum with you, not before you." I gasped, trying to regain some composure.

Jim climbed out of the pool and lay on a sun lounger by the hot tub. 

"Come here and take a seat." He smiled.

I walked over to him and kissed some of my own juices from his lips as I angled my pulsing hot pussy over his hard cock. Teasing him gently by only allowing the very tip to be entering me. When the look on Jimmy's face said he could take no more I sat bolt upright and engulfed his cock within the walls of my slippery hole. I was so hot for him that all self-restraint had gone out of the window. I rode up and down on his cock the sound of my ass slapping against his thighs and soon felt the beginnings of my orgasm. Jimmy's face said it all; he was contorted and groaning,

"Oh God, Jess you're gonna make me come, fuck me babe!"

Grabbing my breasts he wailed as he came hard and my orgasm flooded over me at the same moment.

"Oh fuck, that was incredible!" Jim uttered

"It really was, and we have the whole week." I replied with a cheeky smile and raised eyebrow.

"We'll see." said Jimmy smiling, "You may just have to hang around a bit longer than anticipated.

"Well it took us six weeks to get to this point, I suppose we shouldn't rush the next stage!" I grinned back at him.

We lay in the sun like a couple that had known each other all their lives enjoying the tranquillity that only comes after earth shattering orgasm. And all this time I was worried that it would be awkward.