 You've made love to him. I see it. Don't shy away, no need to act ashamed, for I can see that you were enjoyed and, in turn, you enjoyed his love as well. I am happy for you. You have craved the attention of a lover for a long time. My only regret is that it was not I to bestow upon you the fruits of passion. To take you into my arms and . . . well you know the rest don't you?

Here you are, working, diligent, dependable and unbelievably sexy, glamorous. I ache, I burn, my heart leaps, a pounding within my chest, as your intoxicating aura enters my nostrils, swirls within my lungs and sends blood rushing to every extremity. Tell me; was he gentle with you, gentle with your emotions and sensitive to the needs your body was screaming for? Did he hold your head lightly as he kissed you? Did he pet the softness of your neck and allow his fingers to glide themselves into your hair? Did he breathe deep your scent and allow its shivering effects to course through his skin to tighten his stomach muscles as his heart swelled with zeal?

As he looked into your eyes, could he see your soul, your innermost desires and passions, and tell you with his whole heart he was there to fulfill them? Did he then pull your body tight to his and exhale his kiss to yours? Did he wrap his arms around your waist to stroke and caress the breadth of your back, pausing only slightly to run a finger up your spine, sending a shiver down, through to your tailbone and ending at your vaginal lips causing them to surge with want and anticipation?

Did you take a short breath in while digging your fingertips into his shoulders and then bring your open mouth back to his to accept his awaiting tongue? Could you feel his mounting erection through his jeans as he pressed against you with physical requests to enter? Did he slide his hands under your blouse and unfasten your bra to unleash your warm breast that begged to be fondled, kissed, and sucked? Did he support you while you arched your back to present your nipples to him so he could take your areolas into his mouth and hands sending your blood rushing to both your head and sex at the same time? Did he take your head in his hands and lead it back to his to kiss?

Did he let his hands massage down your chest, stomach and waist to then unzip your black satin skirt? Did he let it fall to your ankle and press his face to your pelvic bone, his desire for you too strong to mind where your clothes land? Did you hold his head tight to you as his fingers found their way under your black, matching g-string and into your wet and waiting vagina? Did you pull at his shirt to remove it as he removed the panties and took a deep breath at the scent of your essence?

Did he lay you back upon the floor and lower his mouth and tongue to taste you and bring you to your first orgasm? Then, with your fingers still sewn into his hair as he pleasured you, did you pull his head up to meet yours and kiss him with all of your passion, tasting yourself and burning even deeper to have him inside of you?

Did you roll him over next and take his pants off to reveal his aching erection, shiny with pre-cum and pulsing with the beat of his heart as his now boiling blood courses through it? Did you swallow him and feel his buttocks tighten with the shock of your sudden engulfment? Did you let him fall from your mouth to sit astride him and grind your pelvis onto his? Did you throw your head back as the shaft of his penis sliding between your swollen lips was almost too much for you to bear? Did he squeeze your breasts and return the pressure on your sex, tilting his pelvis just enough that on one rock backward he slid himself into you, his length reaching your G-spot pausing all movements as another orgasmic wave rushed over you?

Sensing the wave had just passed, did he then begin moving slowly and methodically to fill every inch of you and allow you to feel every inch of him? Did he pull your bare chest to his and let the sweat of your bodies lubricate the friction as your nipples rubbed against his? Did you raise your head and kiss him, your bodies still moving and their intensity increasing once again?

Did your kiss take his tongue into your mouth, your lips and his interlocked, and emulate the union of your vagina and his penis with long, deep motions and the sounds of wet passion finally being unleashed? Did your kiss break only when the muffled cries and moans of your mutual orgasm rose to the point of your head rising and your fingernails diving into his back? Did he too cry out in ecstasy and squeeze your buttocks with one hand and hold your body to his with the other?

Did he then kiss your forehead and your cheek, brushing the hair from your face, and hold you still to him as your hearts beat together and your soul warmed with the eternal love he was promising to you in his soul that very same moment? Should the answer be yes to these questions, I shall have no ill feelings. I will know that you are loved in the way that you deserve, indeed, the way that I had dreamed of loving you.