 Chapter 8 

It took a week, but Sylvia came up with the money. Don't ask me how, but several of the photos turned up on the prosecutor's desk and Compton's lawyer's talked him into copping a plea that would see him serve ten years before any parole would come his way.

When Klugman saw Johnny sneaking Haley into his room one evening, he was ecstatic, and rushed to the pool where I was smoking one of his Cuban cigars to tell me. I suggested we listen outside Johnny's room to make sure that he wasn't trying on her clothing. (I was that confident of the outcome). Five minutes later both Klugman and I walked away with hardons trying to burst through our slacks.

Klugman treated me to seven lap dances at Puss and Boots Gentleman's Club. He kept telling me, "I thought he was fuckin' gay!" over and over.

I kept my comments too something like: "Did you see the ass on that Haley?" Which got me another lap dance.

Klugman called his secretary, Anna-Marie and arranged to meet her for dinner and. The 'and' meant a fuck and a blowjob--according to Mr. Klugman.

I took a cab back to the house and met Johnny and Noreen leaving.

Johnny flashed me a knowing grin—kind of guess where I'm going and what I'm gonna be doing in twenty minutes. Noreen had the good grace to blush when I looked questioningly at her.

So they were off to Haley's for a three-some or something close to it. I hoped incest wasn't involved, but apparently Haley was going to get laid by both brother and sister; is that incest? I mean, if they concentrate on Haley and not one another?

I wished I could have gone with them, but I had other fish to fry.

I found Mrs. Klugman out by the pool, with her dog Fritzie. Her top was lying on the ground next to her lounge chair.

"Hi, Sheila!" I called, not wanting to surprise her by suddenly looming over her.

"Why hello, _____!" she replied, waving me over. She made no attempt to retrieve the top and I made it a point to ogle her tits, because A. she obviously wanted me too, and B. they were worth looking at.

I rubbed Fritzie's head and behind his ears and he lapped it up. Apparently Mrs. Klugman--all right, Sheila did too. Her hand brushed over my dick, kind of kick starting its little engine. (Well it is possible that Noreen and what she and Johnny were up too might have helped, but who knows? More importantly, who the fuck cared?)

"I saw the kids leaving," I said as I sat down alongside her.

"Did you now?" Sheila replied saucily and I knew I was in like Flynn.

I nodded.

"And Consuela's off today as well ..." Sheila added.

"Mr. K went to the office; he won't be back for a while." I said.

"So it's just you, me and Fritzie." I nodded again.

"Wanna play with my tits? They're aching to be played with."

"Want it rough or easy on the play?"

"Mmmm, I love choices. Let's try rough for now."

I leaned in and kissed her softly on the mouth. After a minute of various types of lip compression, she opened her mouth and invited my tongue in for a drink.

We swapped saliva like two high school kids frolicking in the backseat of the old man's Ford. Then with Sheila panting for breath, I went to work on her, stroking her arms, uttering sweet nothings that seemed to take her to some distant place in her mind. 

Sheila's nipples hardened. My fingers left her arms and moved to her neck and then her chest, now barely skimming her flesh.

Sheila moaned happily.

A moment later I used my handkerchief to blindfold her. Sheila accepted this without protest.

Sheila's breathing rate doubled. But she never questioned my actions.

I dipped my fingertips into the cool water of the pool and then lightly caressed each breast, repeatedly cooling the fingertips to retain the initial effect.

Each nipple, hard before were now like rocks--large pebbles actually.

Sheila screeched loudly the second I flicked one with my thumb the way I'd shot marbles as a kid. I suppose it hurt some. But she had requested 'rough,' hadn't she?

I didn't flick the remaining nipple. I let her think I would, teasing her until she began squirming on the lounge chair and then I pinched the heretofore untouched nip--hard!

"AHHH OUCH! What the fuck?"

"Shhh, you wanted rough, remember?"

"Not that rough!"

"Rough is as rough is," I said, not understanding what it meant, and knowing Sheila didn't either. But she accepted my answer without question and we moved on.

I tugged and pulled on her nips with a wicked cruelty that she'd never experienced before. Hell, I'd never treated a tit that roughly before either.

But when I put my mouth to them, Sheila's pussy began dripping. And when I bit into those oh, so sensitive nips, pulling and stretching that delicate flesh, she moaned and called for me to bite them harder.

I recalled seeing a cooler by the lounge and groped blindly with my free hand, found it, opened it and took out an ice cube.

The pain in her nipples must have been intense at that point, so when I applied the ice to one nipple while biting the other, the pain/pleasure soared past the extreme level to a new plateau.

Sheila came, shivering with erotic pleasure.

But I had just started on her.

I undid the knot holding her bottom on and sent two fingers into her wet, throbbing cunt.

"UGH--YES!" she groaned as I bit the ice cold nipple while fingering her.

She was still in the midst of her climax when I squeezed her un-iced nipple and lightly brushed over her swollen clit.

"I NEVER!" Sheila gasped, and shuddering violently, was consumed by another orgasm.

I was surprised by the powerful reaction she had and decided to take it a bit further to satisfy my curiosity. I renewed my attack on her nipples, twisting, pinching and pulling. She responded by arching her back, whimpering and bucking her hips.

Lesson learned: The nipple play was directly connected to her pussy.

I rummaged around in her pocketbook and found a vibrator. "Well, well, Sheila, I've found your toy. Shall we play?"

"Mmmmm," she answered.

I took that as permission to act and did so, gripping both soft globes in my hands I squeezed them, and then teased one nipple by sucking and chewing on it while lifting the other one up so that Sheila could lick and possibly suck the other nipple.

She managed to lick it but couldn't actually suck it, so I gave up on that strategy and sucked that nip myself while she moaned contentedly.

The moan bothered me; after all I was supposedly treating them roughly.

I let both breasts fall. Then brought a hand down heavily on her right breast, she yelped as it bounced against the left one, still smarting from the slap. I played with them that way, slapping them back and forth so that they swung like pendulums in front of her body. Tears smarted in her eyes while I abused her tender flesh, by she never protested. I could see that although I wasn't hitting her all that hard her breasts were stinging painfully as I spread the slaps over every inch of her lovely tits. I ended it when they turned lobster pink.

"Hmmm, looks like you've had a bit too much sun today, Sheila," I said rubbing them lightly with the palms of both hands and helping her get the circulation going again.

Sheila sighed then moaned and let her head hang back telling me to keep rubbing them because they burned and tingled at the same time and the rubbing felt so good.

"Hurt you some, Sheila?"

"Mmmm, yes and no. I mean it hurt like a bitch, but then at the same time, it was kind of enjoyable. At the very least it was ... different, you know?"

Still listening to her I picked up the vibrator--a rabbit pearl vibrator and pushed it into her sopping wet pussy. The brutal treatment to her tits, and the resulting waves of pain had caused her pussy run rampant with juices; the evidence was there for both of us to see in that her inner thighs were coated with her fluids.

"What?" She said, more out of curiosity than protest. It was then that she realized she was soaking wet. Sheila was shocked at her body's reaction to my treatment of her breasts.

"Wow, I never thought ..."

"And just think," I said, "I'm not finished with them just yet."

"OH--NO!"

I turned on the vibrator, and watched Sheila's eyes widen when the pearls started teasing her pussy lips as the head of the penis swirled against her g-spot and the little rabbit's ears buzzed straight onto her clit. Her back arched, thrusting her pain-filled melons up as her body reacted to sudden burst of pleasure her pussy bestowed on her.

Reaching into her purse, I found the KY Jelly we'd made use of the day before and rubbed some on my erection.

"Feeling good, Sheila?"

She managed a nod and I pressed her still tingling tits together and slowly slid my cock between the slightly bruised mounds.

Sheila moaned, for it undoubtedly hurt, but it was after all, just another round of mixing pain with pleasure, and she accepted it without a word.

I turned the vibrator up a notch, and slowly moved back and forth within her cleavage, kneading the pink flesh until it reddened, and then tortured each nipple just a little for good measure.

Not that it mattered to Sheila. The pleasure emanating from her pussy overrode everything else. The head of the vibrator continued to maintain contact with her g-spot and the little bunny vibrated wildly against her clit.

"What? Ohhh, no! Enough--enough!"

Shelia exploded in a shattering climax and collapsed, half on half off the chaise lounge; and yet she continued cumming. It was so intense that it made me cum too; I sent a rope along the side of her neck, and made sure to cover each breast with my white stickiness.

I left her there and made us both vodka martinis.

She had removed the blindfold by the time I returned.

I had to wait until her hands stopped shaking before handing her the drink and she accepted it with a wan smile. "Thanks ... for all those, umm, you know. And--and you did treat my nipples rather cruelly, but I expect I'll live.

"You loved it; every bit of it Sheila and you know it."

Taking a sip of her martini, Sheila nodded and said, "I suppose I did. It hurt, but not so that I object. But Jesus, it was good, you know?"

"I know that I'm not finished yet, Sheila."

Her eyes darted to the erection bulging from between my legs.

"But--but you came ... you came all over me! Look, see for your ..."

I smiled down at her and made my eyebrows wiggle. Sheila giggled. I had never heard her do that before. She sounded very much like a young teenager confiding in a girl friend.

Smiling up at me she said, "Oh ... well," and scooping up a dollop of sperm from her neck, placed it on her tongue and swallowed. "Yum, yum, yum."

Sheila pointed to my erection and giggled again. "Whatever shall we do with THAT?"

I slapped her ass. We could put it there ..."

"Noooo! Please, not so soon. I still hurt there."

"Or we could put it there ..." I gave her pussy a stinging slap.

"Ohhh, yes! I think that would work just fine, darling."

"But not here, Sheila."

"Where? The bedroom?"

"Perfect place for what we have in mind. Don't you agree?"

"Umm, yes I certainly do!"

Only by the time we reached her bedroom I'd changed my perverted mind.

"Umm, Sheila, let's try something a little different. You'll probably like it."

"I'm game for anything with you," she replied almost giddily, flopping on the bed and spreading her legs so that her gaping pussy appeared to be a vertical smile.

Which I assumed, was the last orgasm speaking.

I could swear that her cunt twitched as I lowered my face to it and gave it the first of several long firm licks, each one of which seemed to hit a hundred nerve endings. Sheila wriggled backward trying to evade my tongue crying out that what I was doing to her was 'overwhelming.'

I took that as a great compliment and decided to give Sheila the full treatment (something I learned while stationed in _______ during my Navy days.)

I began by kissing her on the neck, and after sampling some of my sperm ran my hands over her breasts.

Sheila started to tremble, no doubt thinking that I was about to abuse them all over again. But that was not the case.

"No--no, I'm not going to hurt them at all. Relax, Shelia, you're going to love what comes next."

"Oh ... okay."

I kissed each nipple tenderly and watched as each one hardened, seemingly seeking a more violent treatment. I filed that thought away for another time.

"You've been such a good girl that I'm going to reward you. Sheila pressed her ass against me and purred. Yes, she actually purred.

"Have you ever been fisted, Sheila?"

"N...No?"

"Have you any idea what that entails?"

"I--I think it means you put--put a hand up my... But that's not ..."

"Possible? Of course it is, Sheila. Just lie back and relax and I'll prove it to you, and it will only hurt a little bit. Sort of like the time you lost your virginity. Remember, there was a little pain and a lot of pleasure. Think about pleasure, Sheila. Keep thinking about it, for there's going to be a lot of it, Sheila. A lot of it."

"I don't know ..."

I slapped her ass hard. "That's pain," Sheila, then I teased her clit until she moaned with pleasure. "And that's the good stuff, Sheila. That's what I want you thinking about as I go about my business, okay?"

"O--okay."

Sheila's pussy was still a sodden mess, and that helped things move quickly. She accepted the first three fingers easily enough. I worked them in and out, pushing her up onto the balls of her feet.

She was now grunting in rhythm with each inward push. I had four fingers inside her with no difficulty whatsoever. My free hand slid along the juice slickened flesh of her inner thigh, palm flat and smooth along that stretch from her buttocks to the back of her knee and moved her legs a little further apart. I plucked my fingers out and let my mouth slip slowly south into the earthy opening of her cunt and licked and lapped at her until she came crying hysterically, fingers in my hair, grabbing and pulling, undecided as to yank or release. Between the crying she managed to find her voice long enough to curse me and praise me, praises and thanks as another orgasm washed over her.

The fingers went back in. She came again.

I added the thumb, and that proved difficult. (It's always the fuckin' thumb.) But it went in with almost no sign of discomfort from Sheila. I think it fair to say that by this point she was enjoying the hell out of being fisted, and I had not really begun.

With the thumb fully encased in her twat, I found that I was in her up to my wrist. Fuck, it felt so decadently good.

I made a fist. She screamed for the first time. I rested my head against her ass to keep my balance (and because I liked the feel of her flesh on my forehead) then I fucked her with my fist. I kept it slow; I didn't want to rip her.

Sheila stopped screaming and began thanking me over and over. Evidently she was cumming continuously. I steepled my fingers inside her and pushed until I found her cervix, then I squeezed. Shit she went off like a hooked fish. The previous orgasms paled before this one. It was so powerful that I came too; shooting a load twice the amount what one would expect having cum twice earlier.

Later after the please seeped away, I realized my knees were stiff and my hand was still jammed up Sheila's cunt. I eased the hand out and she fell backwards hitting her head on the headboard. About a minute passed, and then she began to move, eventually sitting beside me.

Her face was streaked with tears. She'd bitten her lower lip and there was a little line of blood running over her chin.

I was just wondering if I'd gone too far when she said, "Thank you, that--that was marvelous. It was more than marvelous, but I can't think of the right words, so ..."

I pulled her to me and kissed her, being careful not to press to hard against her bloody lip. At the same time I wiped my cunt-slimed hand on her hair listening to her telling me how much she loved me, and then we took a shower.

Noreen and Johnny returned around 8 that evening after I'd had dinner with Mr. and Mrs. Klugman.

Klugman had commented on Sheila's 'refreshed' look at dinner and I had to jump in to save her from blurting out something that would have given us away, saying, "It must have been the spa visit, I noticed it earlier myself."

Klugman went for a walk where he could enjoy a cigar without being reprimanded. I rubbed Sheila's ass and got her hot and bothered then told her she'd have to wait until the following afternoon as I had business with Consuela that evening.

I had thought it best to reveal my affair with the maid because it wasn't that big a household to keep a secret for long, and it would also serve to keep Sheila from being too nosy about my whereabouts during the day when I just might be fucking her daughter.

Which is what I was about to do after Sheila left the dining room to make her nightly call to one of her best friends. She did, however confide to me that she felt so 'invigorated' that she wouldn't be taking her medication that night.

I stressed that a good fucking wasn't an excuse for not taking her meds, and got her to promise she would take them before retiring.

Noreen opened her door as soon as I knocked. She was wearing a bra and black leotards and that's all.

"I was hoping you'd come by," she giggled.

"Here I am, baby," I said, smiling down at her. "So, how did your afternoon go? Did you get it on incestuously?"

Laughing, Noreen slapped my shoulder. "Nooo, silly, but I got to see him fuck Haley's brains out!"

"And then?" I said waiting for Noreen to fill in the rest.

"Want the long or the short version?"

"I prefer the longer version. But I may start on you while you're telling it."

"Fine with me," she chirped as she unhooked the bra and tossed it at me. I caught it and rubbed it against the bulge in my slacks. She giggled again and slowly peeled off the leotard and began rubbing her recently shaven pussy.

"We drove over to Haley's and had a couple drinks to sort of loosen up. I could see that Johnny was horny as hell; I mean, he had this stupendous stiffy poking out of his pants, you know?"

I nodded. I knew how it felt to be with two girls knowing you would be fucking one sooner or later.

"Anyway, we decided ... actually Johnny decided we should play Truth or Dare. Haley was all for it. I didn't care, well maybe I did ... anyway we started playing and continued drinking.

"Johnny took the nearly empty bottle and spun it. It pointed at Haley, who shrieked with laughter."

Noreen's eyes sparkled as she confided that Haley had not stopped telling her how good a fuck her brother was. "I was really tempted, I really was, but Haley saved me by fucking him silly. But I'm ahead of myself."

"That's all right. Tell it your way."

"Truth or dare Haley?" he asked,

"Truth" she replied,

"Is it true that you sometimes go to school without wearing panties?" Johnny asked and Haley nodded, "Umm, yeah, especially during the warmer months."

I laughed and called her a slut. She replied, 'It takes one to know one,' but there was no malice in either of our voices as Haley spun the bottle.

Of course it pointed directly at me. "Dare," I said.

"Take your panties off" my brother said.

I was shocked to hear him challenge me that way. I glanced at his crotch and saw a small wet spot had formed where I thought the head of his penis should be. I equated it to the wet spots a girl gets when highly aroused. In fact, I probably had one myself at the time."

"Really; you really expect me to do that?"

"You elected Dare," Haley said. Go on, you have to do it."

So I stood up and reached under my skirt and without revealing any of my anatomy, pulled my leotards down and threw them at his face.
