 It was 0500 at the Navy hospital near the main gate of the Yard. The nurse, achingly tired from repeated overtime shifts, sat trying to make some sense out of the stack of charts before her. She was careful not to confuse data from the several patients, but it was beginning to be a losing battle. Hearing the squeak of shoes coming down the passageway, she looked up, bleary-eyed, to see a doctor approach. It was the new orthopedist, just transferred there this week from duty as an instructor at the Naval Medical Officers' Basic School. She stood wearily, certainly not to attention – this was, after all, a hospital – but as a sign of respect for a senior officer. A slight smile crept across his face as he said, "Carry on, Lieutenant" then paused to look more closely at her, noting her beleaguered appearance, and frowned. "Are you OK? You look worn out!"

"I'm sorry, Commander, it's just all this extra duty, what with Commander Kratzler and Lieutenant Bouvier out on leave...."

"Well," said the doctor, "you're no good to the Navy, your patients, or to me in your present state. I'm going to call Corpsman Benson up here from below decks to man your station, and I'll take you home. Dedication to duty only helps when you're able to carry it out! This will, of course, be between you and me...." He reached past her, punched up a number, and spoke curtly into the telephone.

The nurse smiled wanly, thinking about something stiff between him and her that would be SO nice, but her eyes rolled in independent orbits as she did so. "Well... OK...." She murmured. Gathering up her cape and purse, she followed him onto the elevator and leaned tiredly against the rail. "Just keep it together for a few minutes more and you'll be fine." he said.

Crossing the lot to where his car was parked, he found it needful to take her elbow with one hand and wrap the other arm around her shoulders to guide her unsteady steps. After helping her in, he lowered the convertible top, hoping to keep her at least nominally awake until she got home. But it was not to be. Frowning at the trace of a smirk beneath the Marine gate-keeper's salute, he looked over and found her sound asleep.

Oh, great, he thought. I don't even know where her quarters are! He sighed and decided to take her to his motor-home instead. He'd get her home when she'd had a little sleep.

He eased the convertible into his parking space at the Camp-O-rama and went to open the motor-home door. Then, bracing himself alongside the car, he lifted her easily from the seat and carried her into the larger vehicle. He glanced aft toward the bedroom, then deposited her on the sofa behind the door on the right side. She murmured something unintelligible and settled in, her sleep pretty much undisturbed.

Placing a warm, cream-colored Navy Medical Corps blanket over her, he retired to the bedroom. Shucking down to his skivies, he de-brassed his uniform shirt and crawled into the sack. In moments he was out, the accumulated stress from the move and acclimating to a new assignment finally taking their inevitable toll.

Some time later, she awoke to see the morning sun already high in the sky. At first dis-oriented by the strange surroundings, she slowly remembered the doctor's offer to take her home. She must have fallen asleep on him, and of course he didn't know where she lived. This must be his... what? Looking out the window, she spied several motor homes, campers and travel-trailers lined up outside. Yes, it was a motor-home, she concluded, the sight of a steering-wheel in the living room providing the final clue.

Without a great deal of thought, she silently walked aft and looked into the bedroom. She saw him lying on his side on the bed, and, daringly, almost subliminally, decided to join him. Sliding under the covers, she saw a magnificent erection protruding from the fly of his skivvie-drawers. Oh, happy day! she thought, and placing her forehead against his collar-bones she reached down and began to lightly stroke him, her other hand reaching into his skivvies and gently rolling his balls. She was surprised to realize how badly she wanted to get laid! Just then, he sighed and, almost as if on cue, rolled onto his back.

Reaching a hand between her legs, she rubbed her emerging clitoris, sensing how good it felt, knowing how much better it was going to feel before long. She knew there was going to be some lubrication needed, so she slid his skivies off over his impressive bowsprit and took the head of his cock into her mouth, her tongue playing with the contours of his head as the snug ring of her lips moved up and down, her free hand busy between her lower lips. She needed him NOW....

She slipped out of bed and removed her panties and bra, then straddled him. Amazingly, he was still asleep! Holding his rampant cock vertical with her hands, she enveloped him, shuddering with delight at the feel of his corona rippling past her inner rings. When she was thoroughly filled, she looked down and saw another two inches she hadn't yet taken inside her! She lowered herself a little more, feeling a twinge of pain, and thought how good it hurt....

Just then, he blinked awake and started, his eyeballs the size of turkey-platters. He remembered the tired nurse from earlier that morning, then realized – my God, he was FUCKING her! He smiled broadly at his unexpected good fortune and reached up, gently to squeeze her pendulous breasts, flexing his hips to provide her the entirety of his cock. She bit her lip as he got it all into her, his balls nestling happily against the backs of her lower lips. "Lordy, honey, you're as big as all outdoors!" she chuckled, then began to raise and lower herself over him, something between a gasp, a sigh and a moan escaping her lips.

Up and down she went, resting her entire weight on his thighs with each stroke, forcing his balls far down his slickened shaft, the deliciousness of it transporting her. He curled upward and began sucking her nipples HARD, one after the other, then drew them together and sucked them simultaneously. Then he pulled her upper body horizontal over his and kissed her with intense feeling, wanting to convey without words how good it felt. Grasping her shoulders, he forced her down as he slammed the last five powerful thrusts up into her, then held his cock pressed tightly inside her as the explosion of his climax overcame him. She screamed with joy as he jetted his warm, gelid come high into her womb, flooding her, the excess spewing out past his enlarged head and puddling on his hairy thatch. They lay together, sated beyond description, until their ragged breaths returned to something like normal.

Eventually, she rose up and smiled at him. "Rest easy", she said. "There's something I want to do for you!"

She reversed herself and took his softening cock into her mouth once again, licking their commingled juices from it, squeezing him with her tonsils as she swallowed. After a minute, he lifted her over his face and returned the favor, sucking their effluvia out of her and licking her clean. Very quickly, he felt renewed desire....

The sound of a door opening ruptured their reverie. A happy, tinkling voice exclaimed from thirty feet forward, "Hi, Honey! I'm here with the furniture! Has the Yard Housing Office found us quarters yet?"