 Brian lay back on his bed, staring at the ceiling as the fan spun on its slowest setting, wondering if he'd been right to break it off with Carla. On the one hand, she was sexy, funny and amazing in bed. Like, REALLY amazing in bed. If he was honest with himself, that was why he'd kept it going for four months when he'd known it was over after a month.

He just couldn't get Jamie out of his head, and he didn't feel the deep emotional connection he'd longed to feel with Carla. Maybe he was broken. Carla had understood, and despite the tears she'd cried when he finally told her, he could tell she knew it wasn't working, and they'd parted as friends, lamenting that they'd met at the wrong time.

Only now, a month after that awful night, here he found himself at 10 on a Saturday night with nothing to do. Ricky had hit him up a few hours earlier about heading out to the strip club, but Brian knew that was just a cock tease that left you with a massive case of blue balls.

For about the 50th time that week, he pulled out his phone, opened the app store and stopped just short of downloading a dating app. He'd never been on one, having been married before they were a thing, back when meeting someone on the Internet would not turn out to be a potential mate, but a potential murderer, and he still hadn't worked past his aversion to them. At least that's what he told himself. What he really feared was seeing Jamie on one of them. Probably a photo with him cut out of it.

Brian wondered if Jamie was still with the asshole he'd caught her cheating with. He hoped not. He hoped she'd felt the heartbreak of losing everything after fucking him over.

His phone buzzed, and he flipped to the text screen to see a new one from Ricky.

"I'm out front, asshole. Get down here, and let's go." It was accompanied by a selfie of Ricky flipping him off.

Brian laughed, shrugged his shoulders, checked himself in the mirror and headed for the door.

"Alright, you win," he said as he slid into the back seat. He recognized the other two guys in the car as Ricky's friends from college, Karl and Isaac.

"Fuck yeah, let's see some titties," Isaac shouted, and Brian realized he was wasted. This might turn out to be a long night.

They arrived at the club about an hour later thanks to some traffic and a pit stop for Isaac. It was on the outskirts of town and was the best one with fully nude dancers, therefore no alcohol, which, Brian guessed, was why Isaac had been pre-gaming so hard.

Brian handed his $40 over to the bouncer on the way in, got an ID check and then turned the corner and followed a hallway lined with posters of upcoming pornstar features. He saw that tonight didn't have a feature, and he frowned. He'd never seen a pornstar dance live, and he was hoping one of his favorites would be dancing tonight. Oh well.

Around another corner, the hallway opened up to a large room with a stage at each end, and Brian could see the place was pretty busy, with girls dancing on each stage and a host of them walking through the tables and hitting up the guys for lapdances.

They made their way to an open table near the middle of the room, which was about the farthest from either stage.

"Fuck, dude, I can't see the dancers from here," Isaac complained. "I'm going up to the stage. You all coming?"

Karl jumped up to join him, leaving Ricky and Brian at the table as the server came and took their drink orders.

"You've been bumming me out lately, man," Ricky said when the waitress had left. "I'm glad you came out tonight, though."

Brian shrugged. "It's been a bummer of a year, I guess. Hopefully getting better."

Ricky gave Brian an encouraging look, but Brian didn't want to get into a deep conversation about feelings in the middle of a strip club. Or maybe ever, really.

"Hey handsome," came a soft voice from his side. Brian fought the urge to roll his eyes, but he knew it was part of the gig. He turned and smiled politely, and would have done a double take if he'd been able to look away at all.

Sparkling brown eyes were the first thing he noticed. And of course the glitter on the olive skin under them helped with the illusion. Jet-black hair fell down around her shoulders, which were bare, given that she was wearing a skimpy emerald green strapless top that hugged her slender torso and ended at a bare midriff with a sexy navel piercing showing over matching panties. Silky-looking white thigh-high stockings drew his eyes down her shapely legs to her feet, on which she wore green stiletto heels — of course. But he drew his eyes back up to her face, drinking in the subtle red hue of her lipstick and the poutiness of her lips as her hand came to rest on his shoulder.

She leaned forward, lowering her face to his level and giving him a great shot of her cleavage as she smiled, and he cursed himself for so quickly falling under her spell.

"I'm Esmerelda," she said. "Mind if I have a seat?"

"Sure," Brian said, his mouth dry and his heart racing.

She seductively pivoted and bent over, showing a perfect ass, as she lowered herself into his lap. His cock went rigid, and she slithered side to side ever so slightly, letting him know she could feel it, and making his heart race more, as she put both arms around his neck.

"What's your name?"

"Uh, Brian," he said, sounding like a grunting Neanderthal.

She smiled. "Well, uh, Brian, it's nice to meet you."

The scent of her perfume intoxicated him. The feeling of her fingertips on the back of his neck as she toyed with his hairline and the insistent throbbing in his pants all led him to block out everything else, even the ability to speak.

"Get a dance, dude!" Ricky said. "Come on, I'll buy the first one," he added, pulling a few notes out of his wallet and handing them to Esmerelda.

She took the cash, smiled a dazzling smile at Brian, then slid off his lap, sending a shockwave of pleasure as her ass rubbed across his straining cock, took his hand and gently pulled him up, leading him back toward a door.

"Where are we going?" Brian asked dumbly.

"He gave me enough for the private room," she said.

"Oh. Nice."

Brian was getting his wits back as they walked through the door to a darker room that, had it been configured just a little differently, could have been a high-end restaurant with those big, wraparound booths built to give diners that private, intimate setting and let them block out the rest of the world. Except here, there were no tables, which gave the girls room to dance while the men sat on comfortably upholstered benches along the walls. And instead of being fully open to the aisles, a half-wall jutted out from one side for added privacy.

Brian tried to glance into a few of them as they passed, and he only caught glimpses of a few girls dancing in the dim lights.

"Let's go back here, it's more private," Esmerelda said, squeezing his hand and leading him around the corner of the L-shaped space and back to a unit where the hall dead-ended.

Brian sat down where she indicated, up against the wall, noticing that the only way anyone could see in would be if they walked all the way to the dead end and turned specifically to look in. His heart raced, but he assumed there was a bouncer whose job was to do just that.

Esmerelda sat down next to him on the bench and he instinctively put his arm around her shoulders, teasing at her hair with a fingertip.

"So what brings you in here tonight?"

"Oh, my friends were coming and told me I needed to come with them."

"You didn't want to?" she asked, a fake pout on her lips.

"Not initially, no, but I'm pretty fucking happy I did," he said with a laugh.

"I am, too," she said with a flirtatious smile.

Brian laughed. "What's your real name, by the way?"

She grinned. "You think I'm not really Esmerelda?"

He shook his head.

"Well," she said, "I don't think we have time to talk about that just now, since your song is about to come on."

He realized the song playing throughout the club was coming to an end, and she stood up, turning to face him, her hands on her hips.

The music started, and she made eye contact, holding it as she began gyrating to the music, working toward him. She leaned forward, and her breasts bulged at the skimpy top, making his breath catch in his throat.

She continued forward, placing her hands on the back of the booth on either side of his shoulders, then snapped her head forward, flinging her hair over him as she brought her face in to the crook of his neck, exhaling hot air over his bare skin that made him tingle.

He felt her smooth skin as she nuzzled his neck slightly, then ran her hands down the sides of his arms, found his hips pressed against the back of the bench, and continued on until she gripped him behind the knees.

With a sharp tug, she pulled him forward until he was slouching low in the seat.

"What is this, your first time?" she said mockingly but not unkindly.

"Uh, yeah," he muttered.

She pulled back and cocked her head slightly. "Really?"

He grinned sheepishly and nodded. "My wife's rule was always to look but not touch."

"Well, I'm doing all the touching, so we aren't breaking any rules. Just sit back, get hard and enjoy."

She spun around and bent over, her perfectly formed ass a beautiful sight as the thin G-string left almost nothing to the imagination. Gyrating a few times, she lowered her ass onto his crotch and slid up and down, side to side, and he felt himself obeying the second command she'd just given him.

She knew what she was doing, he thought as she maneuvered her cheeks to either side of his rock-hard cock and stroked up and down as she ground on him. He felt himself straining and began rocking his hips slightly to meet her rhythm.

"Mmm, that's fun," she said, turning around and dropping to her knees on the floor in front of him, her head between his thighs and the dark pools of her eyes glinting in the dim light.

Moving forward, she buried her face in his crotch, exhaled so forcefully he felt the warmth of her breath work through his pants and onto his dick, and then she moved upward, pressing her breasts against him as she reached down to the base of her top and began working it upward.

"Want me to take this off?"

"Fuck yes."

She reached forward again, gripping the back of the bench, then heaved herself upward, landing in his lap and slipping her legs behind him on the seat, locking her ankles together against the small of his back.

Gyrating on him, she then gripped her top and slowly pulled it up, her tits straining as the bottom slid upward, until finally it popped free, and her pert breasts were exposed, inches from his face. The olive skin was free of tan lines, and the nipples were several shades darker than the surrounding skin.

He couldn't take his eyes off them.

Achingly slowly, she leaned forward until the very tip of her left nipple grazed his face, running along his cheek, before catching at his lip before quickly jerking past.

"Fuck, you're so hot," he said.

He subconsciously raised his hand and brushed the small of her back as he leaned forward and she grabbed his head, forcing his face between her breasts.

His hand roamed down to her ass, and he took one of her cheeks in it, squeezing it firmly as she gripped his head and slowly tilted it upward to meet her eyes.

"I thought you weren't allowed to touch," she said with mock seriousness, waving an index finger in his face.

"That was before she fucked another guy. All bets are off now, since she's my ex-wife."

She leaned forward, her lips brushing his ear as she whispered. "You should have said something earlier."

Then she ran her face down to his neck, gave him a quick kiss where it met his collarbone, and flicked her tongue out, tracing a line up to his jaw as she brought her lips to his for the briefest of pecks.

"Oh yes," came a barely recognizable noise from the back of his throat.

He ran his hands up her side then, gripping her breasts and playing with her nipples with his thumbs.

"You're not supposed to do that." she said, glancing back to the entryway to the booth.

"Oh, shit, sorry," he said, jerking his hands back.

Whispering in his ear again, she said, "It's ok. I don't mind a bad boy now and then. I just hate when guys try to go for my pussy."

"I can only imagine," he said, rolling his eyes as he brought his right hand up and traced the outline of her breast with his fingertips, delighting as he saw her nipple stiffen.

"They think since I'm dancing on them that they get to do whatever they want. I don't mind some fun and flirting, but trying to finger me, well, that's fucked up."

"Yeah," he said, unable to say anything else as she pressed her hard nipple between his lips and leaned forward.

He sucked it and flicked it with his tongue, running his hand down her back to grip her ass again, delighting in the feel of her weight on him.

She stood up in front of him, and as he leaned forward to get close to her, she stiff-armed him, and gently pushed him back against the bench, a smile on her face.

Slowly, gyrating her hips to the beat, she hooked the sides of her panties with her thumbs and worked them down sideways, bringing them lower with agonizing slowness.

The top of the panties pulled out and began folding down as the fabric clung to her folds, and millimeter by millimeter, she showed off her shaved vagina, tantalizing him with the curvature of her skin, until it exposed the top of her pussy.

"Damn," he whispered as she slid the panties the last bit down, showing him all she had as the bottom of the panties clung to the very bottom of her pussy before pulling free, a thin line of wetness briefly stretching before breaking and disappearing.

Panties now on the ground, she walked forward and put one foot up on the seat next to him, which spread her lips slightly, giving him a perfect view of the only place in the world he wanted to be at that moment.

"Unh," an involuntary half-moan escaped unbidden, and he laughed at himself as she smiled.

"So, I take it you're a fan?" she said with a mocking smile.

His cock throbbing against his pants, he nodded, not trusting himself to speak, and she reached behind his head, then coaxed him forward, bringing him closer to her.

"Fuck," he breathed as he fought the urge to bury his face in her fleshy folds.

"What do you want to do?" she asked, coquettishly.

"What I just said," he murmured, and she laughed.

Glancing back at the doorway, she lowered herself back into his lap.

"We're not supposed to do this with the panties off," she said. "But you said you're a bad boy now."

"Mmhmm."

Sliding her hips forward, she brought her pussy closer to his crotch as his dick did everything it could to rip through his pants.

She tilted her head sideways and brought her lips to his, a lingering kiss that sent a shockwave through his body.

"Holy shit," he said. "You're driving me crazy."

"Why crazy?" she asked, a pout forming on her lips.

"Because I know it's all a tease," he said with a laugh.

"Hmmm, I can see why that would drive you crazy." She put a hand on his chest, then ran it downward, halting at his belt buckle. "What if I undo this?"

"That sounds good," he said. "Do whatever you want."

She giggled and undid the belt buckle, then pulled it all the way off and tossed it aside. She flattened her hand on his fly and brought it downward, feeling for his shaft.

"Mmm, this is a nice size," she said as she gripped it against his thigh.

"Jesus Christ," he muttered, making a conscious effort not to lose control of himself.

Bringing her hand back up to his waist, she thumbed open the button on his pants before tickling his stomach with her fingertips and sliding her hand inside his boxer briefs and working her way down to grip him.

He felt her soft fingers curl around his shaft and the searing sensation as she pulled his cock upward, rubbing the head against the fabric of his boxer briefs as she positioned it so the tip was up, aiming at his belly button. She gave a quick half-squeeze and ran her fingers from the base to the tip, which protruded slightly beyond the waistline of his pants.

"Oh jeez," he breathed as she put her arms on his shoulder and, looking him in the eyes, started shifting her hips farther up his thighs in tune to the music.

"How much is all this costing me?" he asked, his gut suddenly wrenching at the thought. Though, truth be told, he didn't really give a fuck.

She leaned forward and kissed him on the lips. "You stopped paying at the end of the last song," she said. "Of course I love a tip, but this one's on me."

"Oh, you're for sure getting a tip," he said.

She glanced down, then back up at him and smiled sultrily. "I can see that it's a big one, too."

He laughed, and then his breath caught as she slid herself upward, her bare pussy pressing down on his pants at the base of his cock, sending a rush of blood into it as his eyes rolled back in pleasure at her touch.

"Holy fuck!"

Shimmying up and down, left and right, she rubbed her pussy against his cock. He shifted his weight under her, pressing upward and grinding against her as well.

"Ugh," she muttered, then reached down, unzipped his pants and pulled them down to his thighs, leaving just his boxer briefs between his cock and her pussy.

"Jesus fucking Christ," he moaned as she resumed her gyrations, and he gripped her ass, squeezing hard as she kept her rhythm on the base of his shaft.

He tried to thrust his hips forward to bring the exposed head of his cock against her pussy, but she met his movements, keeping tantalizingly out of reach.

"You're getting me so wet," she whispered in his ear, holding herself against him, which felt nice but also kept his cock just out of range of where it most wanted to be.

"You're going to make me cum," he said.

"Hold it as long as you can. I'm having too much fun," she said.

"Uuuaaaahhhh," he groaned as she stroked up and down, soaking his underwear against his cock but staying just out of reach of the head.

"Not yet, baby," she murmured, and she convulsed slightly.

He buried his head in her neck and flicked his tongue in the hollow around her collarbone, kneading her ass with his hands as she mock-rode him, and he felt himself starting to lose control.

"I'm so fucking close," he muttered.

She reached down to his shirt and pulled it up and over his head in one smooth motion, pressing her naked body against his bare chest.

"Just a little more," she said, continuing to grind. "Tell me when you're going to lose it."

He felt the hardness building even harder as her pussy ran up and down his length, and it was somehow even more exquisite than if he had been inside her.

"I'm seriously going to lose it," he moaned.

She stopped her movements, and he tried to keep the rhythm by sliding under her, but she lifted off slightly.

"Tell me what you want, hon," she said in a low voice.

"You. God," he moaned.

She grinned, kissed him on the lips, flicked her tongue against his, then thrust it into his mouth as he opened it to accept her, and then she pressed her pussy against his stomach, sliding down until it almost reached the engorged head of his cock, halted slightly, then thrust her hips downward.

He felt the fleeting warm embrace as her lips parted over the head of his cock and she slid over him, not letting him in but engulfing him in the heat emanating from her, and he felt the wetness coat the tip of his penis as she slid past, and then he lost control, shooting a huge load of cum upward to the point where their bare stomachs met, and she lowered herself further as he continued to cum, her soft skin sliding over his cock until it popped up between her breasts and halfheartedly shot out the last bit of cum onto her cleavage.
