 Ben was turning 75 today. He'd never married, never really settled down. He'd had a hard life to be sure but one he definitely didn't regret. Ben wasn't your average 75 year old. He still acted like a 20 year old. He hit on all the nurses in the nursing home, grabbing their ass as they walked away, commenting on their bodies. Some were flattered, others were simply disgusted by his actions.

Today, however, he was looking for a special gift from one of the nurses. A pretty little thing named Mindy. She was in her early 20's, slim body, long legs, and curves in all the right places. Her blue eyes were bright with innocence and she had golden hair. She came to visit Ben everyday around 1. She found his advances sweet and flattering coming from a man his age.

"Happy Birthday Ben," she said as she entered his room. He was lying on his bed, the sun shining on him and warming the room. His eyes met hers and they both smiled.

"Well thanks Mindy, what'd ya get me?" She laughed and walked over to sit on the side of his bed. He rolled to face her, propping his head up on the soft pillows.

"Now Ben, you know as an employee I can't give you gifts. It wouldn't be fair to the other residents."

"Well, I didn't say you had to buy me anything," Ben said as he ran his hand up her smooth arm. Mindy smiled sweetly but pulled away.

"What do you mean Ben?" He gave her a knowing smile.

"I'm an old man. But I still have needs. I haven't had the touch of a woman in many many years." Mindy just stared at him. "C'mon sweetheart, it's my birthday. Just a little something for an old man."

Mindy glanced towards the open door, and then back to him. The pleading in his eyes nearly broke her heart. He was such a sweet man, and it was his birthday. Besides, what harm would there be in it? She looked back at the door, slowly getting up, not believing that her feet were actually moving. She shut the door quietly and locked it. When Mindy looked back to Ben, he was sitting up in bed, a goofy smile adorning his face. He looked like a kid in a candy store. As she makes her way back towards him, she slowly unbuttons her uniform, revealing her tight perky breasts. Ben stared, his dick slowly but surely getting hard. He may be old but he didn't have any problems in that department. Mindy shed her uniform as she stood at the side of the bed.

Ben's wrinkled hands slid up her thigh, over her hips and her smooth side to cup her breast. Mindy moaned at his touch. He tweaked her nipple, making it hard, and smiled at her reaction. He grabbed her hand and pulled her down to sit beside him. He guided her small hand under his gown to stroke his raging hard cock. Mindy gasped at the feel of him. For an elderly man, he had a massive hard on. Her mouth watered as her fingers stroked him lightly. Ben threw his head back in ecstasy as she wrapped her hand around his dick. Her fingers barely met around him. Mindy's other hand found its way between her thighs and lightly stroked her soaking wet pussy.

He watched her play with herself and moaned. He arched in her hand as she slid her fist up and down around his shaft. Mindy removed her wet fingers from her pussy and stroked his wrinkled balls. He arched harder at her touch.

"Get on the bed," Ben told her. He moved so she could lay down. He spread her legs wide, her soft wet pussy glistening in the sunlight. Ben moved between her legs, the whiskers of his chin grazing her inner thigh. He spread her pussy lips open and licked her slowly. Her juices coated his chin as his tongue worked her over. Mindy wrapped her legs around him, arching with every flick. Ben moved above her, his hips pushing her thighs further apart. She moaned as she felt his cock push against her opening. He paused for a moment, just reveling in the feel of her wet cunt. Mindy writhed beneath him, begging for him to take her.

Finally he pushed into her, shoving his cock deep inside her. Mindy moaned and arched under him, clawing his back with her nails. Ben groaned, grinding against her. Suddenly he grabbed her hips and began taking her, hard. She spread her legs as wide as possible, allowing him more room. His hands never left her hips, making sure every thrust was at it's hardest when he pushed inside her. Mindy felt her orgasm building and new that Ben must be getting close to.

"How about you give me some kids," he said, leaning down to whisper in her ear. "I'm gonna release this whole load in you and there's not a damn thing you can do about it." Mindy began shaking her head, begging him not to. She wasn't on the pill and knew he wouldn't pull out. He felt him going faster, pounding away in her pussy.

Suddenly he tensed up and slammed into her, groaning. Mindy yelled in ecstasy and felt herself clench around his dick as he came in her. He pushed in one more time and she felt some of his cum leak out. Ben rolled off of her, his cock smearing more cum on her thighs as he pulled out. Mindy smiled at him, leaned over and kissed his cheek.

"Happy Birthday Ben," she said as she got up. He watched her dress and the sway of her hips as she left his room.

Maybe this can become a yearly gift, he thought with a smile.