 The genie was out of the bottle. With my adolescent lovers expanded to fifty-seven I became public domain.

Each week I was expected to be the slut for an intimate gang-bang of a dozen or so young peckers.

Most of my studs had girlfriends of their own but still wanted to blow a few loads in the "Prof." The Prof also enjoyed being a cock monger and accepting all sperm donations that cum her way.

It was a difficult balance trying to separate my two lives, carrying on teaching as well as servicing my young bulls' needs. 

Graham had accepted the news of my pregnancy well and was looking forward to being a daddy. In reality I had no idea who had fathered the child I was carrying.

I knew I would have about five months before I started to show although I could sense my breasts were already growing larger. My nipples were extremely sensitive and when some young buck started nibbling them it drove me wild.

Professor Cudmore was the head of the English Literature department. As professor emeritus the faculty respected him as part of the university's foundation.

Well into his sixties Cudmore was a distinguished figure of a man. Tall with silver gray hair he was always impeccably dressed. Howard Cudmore had a crush on me.

Gloria Cudmore was a snowbird wintering in the Florida condo leaving Howard to tend for himself in their large century old home. Howard did have a housekeeper come in daily, old Mrs. Grimshaw, but there were certain needs that a housekeeper did not satisfy, thus the dinner invitation.

"Everything is ready Doctor Cudmore. Will you need me any longer?" Daisy Grimshaw asked.

"No, thank you Mrs. Grimshaw, we shall manage." Cudmore dismissed the housekeeper. 

Cudmore was faultlessly dressed as usual. A satin dinner jacket complete with a silk ascot. It was to be an intimate dinner for two.

We took out time enjoying a leisurely meal while engaged in small talk. We both understood my purpose for being there.

My reputation for rather free sexual morals were legendary on the campus and Cudmore had decided to put me to his own litmus test. I was to be his piece of ass for the evening.

We finished the bottle of Chardonnay with dinner and adjourned to the parlor for a glass of Grenadier before the bed sports begin. The air was tense with the apprehension of our eminent union. 

Cudmore's bedroom was right out of the eighteenth century. A large four-poster bed dominated the room covered in a billow of snow-white duvet and oversized pillows. It was a suitable platform for a princess to be taken. 

I asked Cudmore if he would unzip the black sheath I was wearing.

I squirmed out of my dress and sprawled provocatively across his bed clad only in the flimsiest black panties and bra. Cudmore hurriedly disrobed to join me.

The professor was in remarkably good condition for a man his age. He body was firm and his cock as stiff as a rail. He wielded a decent six inches or so of prime grade "A" cockmeat that promised to be satisfying. Naked he approached the bed.

I took Cudmore's erection in my hand. It felt good; I wanted it to fill my mouth.

Mouth wide open I swallowed the old bastard's dick until my lips touched his pubic hair, the head of his dick almost reached my throat. My lips sealed around his cock as my tongue caressed the throbbing shaft. I took a deep breath and created a vacuum chamber for his blowjob.

Cudmore cradled the back of my head in his hands as he began to skull fuck me. I filled my mouth with saliva so my mouth would feel like a cunt for him.

He was ready for me, in minutes I tasted him flooding my mouth with his jism.

His thick syrup coated my teeth and tongue in its salty brine. My tongue channeled the scum to the back of my mouth where it slid down my gullet like a snot-covered snail.

"You do that well." Cudmore groaned as the last of his cum seeped onto my tongue.

"Now would you like to make me happy?" I teased.

I lay back on the bed and lifted my ass so Cudmore could peel off my bikinis. Cudmore gazed at my expose pussy.

"So beautiful!" he whispered.

"It's yours." I offered.

Incredibly Cudmore was ready to use me again. I opened my legs allowing him to take his place. He entered me boldly.

"Oh yes!" I gasped as his cock triggered my senses.

We quickly found each other, our bodies sliding together in perfect unison. Cudmore's vast experience had shown him how to excite a woman's pussy with his hard cock. He worked me at unique angles, circular motions and with techniques that were strange to me.

My cunt answered his stimulus by becoming super-sensitive and searching for more of his touch. My vagina quivered around his cock as he played me like a violin. 

"Do you mind fucking a pregnant woman?" I asked.

"No, I rather enjoy it." Cudmore answered.

"I have another man's baby in me." I teased.

"And beautiful full breasts." Cudmore added as he took my erect nipple into his mouth.

Gently he suckled on me, making sounds as if he were feeding on mother's milk.

"You are a horny old bastard!" I chastise him.

I felt Cudmore twitch inside of me; he must have got a drop of my milk. My cunt involuntarily contracted on his meat gripping him in a cherished moment. 

"Make me cum Howard!" I pleaded.

I need his orgasm; we had to exchange bodily fluids.

"Your wish is my command." he said as he thrust deeper into me.

"Oomph!" his cock took me by surprise.

My legs wrapped around him in a death clench as I drew him into me. His cock occupied the same chamber as my unborn child.

"Fuck me Howard, fuck me like your slut!" I groaned as he dominated me.

Cudmore's cock had taken on magical qualities, it was no longer just a hard piece of flesh intruding into the center of my being but it was the means of me obtaining the ecstasy I needed.

My hips bucked up impaling me deeper onto his lance. 

It began to grow from the area of Cudmore's cockhead. Radiating from my cervix the unmistakable beginning of an orgasm began to grow within my loin.

As many times as I have cum with a cock inside of me the wonders of an orgasm are never wasted. Each time that fire is ignited in my cunt I turn into a wanton whore. My vagina shuddered as my juices began to flow engulfing Cudmore's cock in a warm bath of my love for his gift. 

The orgasm was cataclysmic, racking my body with tremors of ecstasy. My vision transformed into a kaleidoscope of surreal colors like a jewel studded sky. The pit of my stomach became a boiling caldron of raw sex. I felt every ounce of my juices flushing out of every secret recess of my cunt. My climax was total and devastating leaving me a trembling mass as Cudmore anointed me with his sperm. 

I slept the sleep of a newborn that night in the arms of my aged lover.

Having received the sanction of my learned benefactor I was ready to spread the joy of my breeding.