 "Just imagine those two young cocks filling your pussy over and over. You'd love that wouldn't you?"

"Yes...yes...oh god YES!"

"...suck them...jack them off...play with them..."

"YESSSSSSSSSS...fuck meeeeeeee...!!..."

My balls released their load and I couldn't speak any longer. I watched my cock slamming into Pat's swollen cunt lips. I held her legs wide as I felt load after load enter her and begin to leak out along the sides of my shaft. Her fingers still busy working over her clit. The scene erotic as hell! The fingers of one hand held the lips wide exposing the hard clit, two fingers of her other hand moving up and down directly on her clit. Her orgasm was not far from peaking, she applied more pressure and the muscles of her belly tightened. The walls of her pussy began to contract against my now emptied cock. Regaining my composure I held tight against her thighs my cock still buried.

"I'd sit and watch while they had their way. Stroking my cock...watching ..you know they would do it. I've seen them look at your breasts when they have been over here." Pat was rapidly approaching here fourth orgasm since we had begun playing this fantasy, one of our favorites, and this one was going to completely drain her. "...as a matter of fact I've seen their hard ons outlined against their shorts at times..."

"ohhhHHHHHH DAMNNnnnnnn..." Her hips bucked and her eyes opened wide then closed tightly.

Holding her thighs apart I pulled out and dropped down onto the floor in front of her. Moving closer to her cum filled pussy..."Then after you were full with their cum I'd spread your legs and..." My mouth covered the pink swollen lips and I began sucking my cum from her. My tongue entered her as deep as possible. She pressed tight to my mouth and I could taste our mixed cum washing out of her beautiful pussy.

"YES!..YES!!...eat myyyycummmMMMMMM..." Her fingers banged against my upper lip as I watched her bring herself to completion. Her fingers slowed and fell away, moving slightly my tongue gently circled the pink bud that now was slipping silently back into the sheath.

"No...no more..." she moaned reaching down to my head and pulling me up towards her. Our lips met, her tongue searching the inner recesses of my cum filled mouth. "Oh gawd..I can't take anymore.." My head rested against her full round breast.

"You really love that fantasy, don't you?" I murmured as I toyed with her other nipple.

"Hell yes!...just as much as you do!" She smiled. We lay quietly for a few minutes lost in our own thoughts. She cupped her breast for me as I circled the now soft nipple. "I do need to go get cleaned up though..."

I moved to the side and held my flaccid cock as I watched her walk out of the room. For a fifty-year-old woman and three grown children later she still was an attractive lady. Her light brown hair cut short and curled; blue eyes that turned a deeper blue after an orgasm were as stunning as they had been 30 years earlier. Childbearing had broadened her hips but her asscheeks were still firm round globes. Nicely trimmed hair that covered only her pubic mound, the remaining hair was completely shaved to expose the moist pouting lips of her slit, and when excited her clit would be a pink hard dot like the little red mouse button on the old laptop computers. Her breasts were full and round, the areoles light colored and when toyed with would pucker up and force her nipples to become hard as pencil erasers...and extremely sensitive! She still turned heads when she walked through the mall, both male and female, and she was still able to turn my head too!

"Jon, are you going to shower before bed?" Pat called from the bedroom.

"Yep, I'm coming." I answered as I moved towards the shower. I'm just an average male. Six feet tall and only about 165 pounds; brown eyes and dark brown hair with a nicely trimmed salt and pepper beard. Working outside most of my life my skin is leathery and tanned. My circumcised cock swung limply in front of my large heavy balls as I walked. I keep them shaved along with the shaft of my cock, which leaves a circle of dark hair that contrasts to the flesh color of my shaft. When fully erect I measure almost eight inches from the base to the tip and six inches around...

"Of all our fantasies that one really turns me on." I had finished my shower and settled in next to Pat under the covers. "Have they really looked at me that way...?" Her voice trailed off.

"Yes, that is no exaggeration.." She had thrown her leg over mine and I could feel the lips of her pussy warm against my leg.

"Really...mmmmm..." Pat drifted off to sleep as her breathing became relaxed and even. I laid beside her thinking before sleep overtook me.

* * * * * *

It had been a busy week but I had found time to talk to Mike and Jimmy and invite them over for a couple beers Friday night. My cock was hard in my pants as I walked into the house thinking of what could happen. 

"I'm going to watch some TV." We were just finishing up the dinner dishes and I grabbed a beer from the fridge. "Bring your wine and come sit with me."

"Hmmmm, what's this?" Pat set her glass of wine on the coffee table and ran her fingers the length of my pants. I hadn't seen much of the program on TV thinking about the guys coming over and my hard-on was outlined against the material of my shorts. 

"Just horny, I guess..." I noticed then that the bottle of wine was almost half empty and when Pat pulled my zipper down I knew that she had drank enough to lose some of her inhibitions. "Be careful, it's been a long-g-g-g week-k-k-k..." Pulling my cock from my boxers her mouth closed over the head of my cock. The warmth of her lips played up and down over the head.

"Oh, I'm in no hurry-y-y-y..." My fingers had found her nipple and I gently rolled it between my fingers and could feel it harden though her bra. "Besides I thought you'd like to know that I talked with Ruthie yesterday..."

"ahhhh...ohhhhhh..." Her fingers stroked my rigid shaft and looking up at me her eyes danced. Another of our favorite fantasies was Pat with another woman and her girlfriend, Ruthie, was always the object of that fantasy. 

Smiling at me she glanced out the window, "Damn! Somebody just pulled in the driveway! Get yourself straightened up." She was trying to push my hard cock back in my pants.

I got my pants zipped and was walking towards the door when the doorbell rang. "Hi guys!... Hey Pat, it's Mike and Jimmy...come on in guys. Pat is in the living room, make yourselves at home...I'll get you a couple beers."

I headed towards the kitchen and could hear them talking with Pat as I walked back in the living room. Mike and Jimmy were sitting on the other couch and there was no question what they were thinking as you couldn't mistake the hard cocks pressing against their pants. Both of them would glance at Pat as she talked but their eyes would go directly to the hard nipples that were prominently outlined against her blouse. Handing them the beer I looked over to Pat she knew also what they were trying not to look at. By the flush in her cheeks I was knew she had noticed their hard cocks. I walked over behind the couch and stood above Pat...

"I figured two young guys in their twenties would be out with the girls on a Friday night..." My hands gently rubbed Pat's shoulders as I spoke. The sex could be felt in the room. Pat hadn't spoke but now was unmistakably staring at their crotches, one of her hands was firmly pressed between her thighs.

Mike only nodded as Jimmy spoke. "Ah..usually we..umm..would be, but Mike broke up with his girl last week and..ahh.. my girl isn't going to be off for spring break for another month." Both watched as my fingers had begun undoing the buttons on Pat's blouse exposing the swell of her breasts held in by the shear bra. 

"That must be 'hard' on two young guys like you! Makes you have to take things in your own hands, huh?" I unclasped the snap on Pat's bra and all three gasped as her breasts came free, the nipples hard pebbles. Cupping and lifting them I put my head close to Pat's ear and continued..."You boys have wanted to see them for a long time..." I slowly circled the nipples. "But then Pat has wanted to see your hard cocks, too...haven't you sweetheart?" I had finished undoing the buttons of her blouse and when I undid the snap of her jeans you could hear a pin drop! 

"Yes...ohhhgawddd...ohh...yes." Her hands fell to her sides and as I slid the zipper down the sound of two other zippers could be heard. "Ohhhhh DAMN! ..." Jimmy had stood up and was just sitting back down completely naked his cock rigid against his belly. I knew what had gotten Pat's attention, his cock was at least ten inches and thick! Precum oozed from the tip and ran down towards his naval. Mike was slower and raised his hips up from the couch and pushed his shorts down. "Ohhh..I've...never...ohhhhhdamnnnn..." My finger had slid under Pat's panties and I caressed her clit as she watched Mike. He sat facing us and his cock was about the size of mine but what caused her first orgasm was as he held it in his fist he pulled the foreskin back over the head. As he pulled the foreskin back there was no rim as you usually see in a circumcised cock. The head was slim, pointed and a deep purple.

"That's it..." my fingers buried in her panties worked furiously against her clit. "Look at that uncut cock...and Jimmy's long hard prick." Her breasts bounced against her chest as her hips pushed against my fingers. "Come here guys...enjoy" I smiled and stepped back. 

"Oh NO! Don't stop!..." Pat groaned. She was close to cumming when I had stopped and her fingers now pressed the material into her slit as she rubbed furiously at her clit through the material. "Ohhhhgawddddddd..." She stared at the two naked bodies moving towards her, their pricks erect. Jimmy knelt between her thighs moving her hands away he took the elastic top of her panties, pulled them down exposing her wet shaved pussy.

"Mike and I have jacked off a lot of times thinking about what you look like naked." Jimmy held his cock and stroked the entire length as he spoke and moved closer to the pouting lips of Pat's slit. "We never guessed it was shaved." The large purple head entered her...

"Ohhhhh...it's huge!...gawdddddd..." Pat tried to pull back as Jimmy pushed forward, his cock splitting her. Holding her hips he slowly continued to enter her. His prick disappeared until his balls rested against the edge of the couch. Her lips were spread so wide that the upper folds were not touching her hard clit. "Yes...oh yesss...fuck me!" Jimmy pulled back and the exposed shaft glistened with her juices. "Oh no...oh nooo...ahhhhh I'm cumming...ohhhHHHHHH..."

I sat in the chair stroking my cock. Mike had moved up alongside Pat as Jimmy was penetrating her and leaning over had sucked her clit into his mouth. Pat's body trembled as orgasm after orgasm coursed through her. Mike continued to lick and suck her clit as Jimmy's cock slammed into her open cunt. I could feel my balls fill with another load of cum as I watched the two guys violate her pussy. 

As she relaxed from her climax she pulled Mike up off her clit. The only sound in the room was Jimmy's well lubricated cock sliding in and out of her and my fist stroking my cock which was well coated with my own precum. Taking Mike's cock in her hand he sat up on his knees next to her, his hand resting on the back of the couch behind her head. Pat watched his pistoning rod fuck her then turned her head and looked closely at the cock next to her face that she held. Mesmerized she pulled back on the shaft, the foreskin slipped silently back exposing the purple head. Then her fist would move forward completely covering it. She continued watching the head appear and then disappear under the foreskin. Mike groaned as she cupped his balls with her free hand and his hips began pumping against her hand. He held one of her breasts and his thumb circled her nipple. 

"I'm going to blow...going to cum..." You could see the muscles tighten in his asscheeks as he spoke. Pat pulled the foreskin back and her tongue licked at the purple head then opening her mouth she sucked the head in. "AHHHH.." Mike's first load erupted in her mouth, and I saw her swallow it. Pulling his cock away she pumped faster and watched as load after load of his cum shot across her breasts. "ohhhh fuck...damn...ahhhhdamnnnnn..." Mike's hips pumped against her stroking fist..

"Yes...cover my tits with your hot cum...that's it...do it..." Pat watched his cum splash onto her. She glanced up at Jimmy. "Oh yes you're getting bigger...fill my cunt...cum in my naked pussy..."

Jimmy had watched Mike shooting his load and his own balls unleashed his load. Pushing deep into Pat his balls bounced unloading his cum. "Ohhhh fuck ..ohhhdamn she's sucking me with her pussy-y-y-y!" 

I knew Pat was working her muscles and milking his cock. I was straining against my own hand and I could feel my orgasm approaching. Moving next to Jimmy I stood and watched his cum ooze from the sides of Pat's slit. My hand worked quickly and everyone watched my load land on her clit. Jimmy began pumping and my cum dripped onto his cock and Pat's clit. Mike's hand still held her breast and was rubbing his load into her tits. 

"I have to cum again...ohh damnn..it's going to happen..." Pat's fingers found her cum covered clit and she began worrying her clit. "now...NOW... it's nowwwWWWWWWW..." She bucked against her fingers and Jim's cock slipped out with a soft 'plop'. I sat back on the floor and watched her finish bringing herself to another climax.