 It was Friday night, around ten o'clock when I had gone to the fire pit in the back yard. With the unseasonably warm night and the heat from the fire, I was soon stripped and relaxing with a few cold beers. A while later I heard something nearby and discovered it was Sandy, the early twenties daughter from next door.

Our causal conversation quickly turned sexual and before long she was stripped and I was treated to giving her several orgasms by various methods, after which she had given me the opportunity of a lifetime by asking me how I wanted to get off. She told me I could do anything I wanted, emphasizing the 'anything'. She also said that it included anal if I wanted. Apparently I took too long to decide and she had worked me into a massive orgasm with one of the best blowjobs I ever had received.

"Why didn't you fuck my ass?" she later asked.

"We can save that for next time," was all I could say.

The next time arrived shortly thereafter. She had managed to get me hard again, then got onto her knees and elbows. I quickly positioned myself behind her. The firm cheeks of her ass were soon hugging my hardness as I accepted what she offered to me. So tight. So smooth. So warm. I pressed into her a bit harder and gasped involuntarily from the pleasure I felt as the flange of my cock infiltrate past the rim of her anus.

She let out a long moan and I felt her ass muscles clench tight around my circumference as I made my initial full penetration. It felt as if I was going to cum if I moved even the smallest amount, so remaining motionless with the tip of my cock just barely within her, I felt her body adjusting to this new situation. Her anal muscles continually flexed and squeezed me. It was becoming more of a challenge to maintain my control than I thought I could conquer.

Having been holding onto her hips, I leaned over her a bit and slid my hand around her, not stopping until my fingers were stroking over her hard little clit. Feeling my cock slide a bit deeper inside her ass, my head was pounding so strongly from the sexual excitement I was experiencing that I didn't notice she had started rocking back and forth. Just enough to keep coaxing my shaft further and further into her tunnel. Slowly, steadily, I felt myself nudging inside this treat she had given to me.

My fingers were getting coated with the release of her own pleasures as my trek into her virgin tightness went on. It was obvious she was nearing orgasm so I increased the tempo of my fingers teasing her clit as my strokes back and forth in her ass continued. Her body was tensing, firming it even more than it was naturally. Back and forth. Back and forth. My cock was easily sliding back and forth inside the smooth tightness of her ass. Slowly and rhythmically my flesh caressed her lining as my fingers worked on her now harder than ever clit.

Raising her torso up she thrust her hips back against exactly when I pushed forward. I was instantly all the way inside her and my balls were slapping the back of her upper thighs as the tempo of our dance increased. As I was pumping faster and faster in her ass it made me have to remove my fingers from her pussy and hold her by the hips. Her hand quickly dived in to replace mine.

My cock was now staying buried within her, pulsated wildly as I neared my climax. Sandy was trembling and shaking as she coaxed herself to orgasm as my final sprint began. Pounding her ass mercilessly as her fingers tugged, stroked, and taunted her pussy into ecstasy, our voices drifted through the night air, carrying the unmistakable sound of human sexual satisfaction as we both hit our limit of resistance.

Our moans, screams, groans and grunts filled the darkness in the neighborhood as my syrup quickly filled her ass. Her initiation into the world of anal sex was complete. As she slumped onto her belly, exhausted and weak from her releases, you can bet I made certain my cock stayed inside her hospitable body.

"You okay?" I asked.

"Hmmmmm," was her only reply for a few moments. ""My God that was incredible!" she finally said as I continued enjoying having my softening erection being fondled by her inner muscles and the soft flesh of her ass cheeks. "My God!" she said again. "I've never cum like that!"

"Some of us older guys can give you a lot more than you ever expected," I replied.

Reluctantly, Sandy soon told me that she had to get dressed. Moments later as she turned to leave, she stopped and just looked at me, seemingly with a sadness in her eyes. "I've gotta get home before my Dad wakes up."

Brushing her hair back with my hand, I nodded my head. "I know," I whispered. Me standing there naked in front of her didn't seem to bother her. In fact, she seemed to enjoy it because I saw her scanning me up and down as I watched the final flickers of flame from the fire pit reflect in her eyes.

As she turned to go she reached out and fondled my exhausted cock and drained balls. "When can I come back?" she asked while the soft skin of her hand rubbed lightly over my genitals, producing a wish within me that I could get instantly hard for her.

"Anytime you want, Sandy," was my predictable answer. She winked and turned around to begin walking to her house. Watching her walk away in the dim moonlight, those long, smooth, perfectly tapered legs that formed one of the most incredible asses I've ever enjoyed, made me wish the night was just beginning.

After enjoying one of the most unique and enjoyable Friday nights I had experienced for quite a while, I went in the house, showered, and slept for a few hours. Getting out of bed around eight or so, I was soon outside cleaning things up in the yard so I could mow the grass after doing some weed trimming.

Early in the afternoon after I had finished my lunch, I was sitting on the picnic table, not wearing anything except sweatpants and shoes. I had just lit a cigarette when I saw Sandy outside saying farewells to her family. As soon as they had driven out of sight, she ran down to where I was sitting. Her long hair flowed behind her as her firm body seemed to glide through the air toward me.

'My God! You mean I actually fucked her last night??' was the thought that continuously raced through my mind as my face was painted with an ear to ear grin. Almost instantly she was kneeling between my knees and resting her arms on my legs. Her smile was almost as big as the bulge in my sweatpants.

"All I could do since last night was think of having sex with you again! It's like my blood's boiling, wanting you inside of me again!" she exclaimed as her arms went around my neck pulling my face to hers. She planted a very seductive kiss on me and our tongues were soon dancing a tango together as her firm breasts pressed tightly against me. She continued kissing me as her hands slid down my bare chest and easily discovered what my pants were covering.

"Not here," I managed to say, trying to stop her from pulling the waistband of my sweats down to give her access to her desires. "We better go out back," I told her as I forced myself to keep some form of logical thought process going. Our other neighbors were all quite a distance away but they'd be able to see us from their houses because of where we were.

Quickly walking to the seclusion of my back yard we were once again at the blanket she had 'forgotten' to take back with her last night. Spying my clothes still laying there, she grinned.

"Looks like you enjoyed yourself last night," she chuckled, pointing to them.

Watching her as she smoothed out the blanket, I answered. "Yes, I had a magnificent time,"

She sat down on the blanket and looked up at me. Her sexy, devilish eyes seemed to call me to her. "I never had anal sex before last night. Never had sex outside either," she was saying as I sat down facing her. "And, I hope you don't take offense to this, I never had sex with a man as old as you before last night."

Her faced flashed red and she looked down. "Sandy, I'm not offended. I know I'm over twice your age," I consoled her with as I put my finger under her chin and lifted her head. "It was like a dream come true for me, having sex with a hot young lady like you!"

"But all I can do is think of you fucking me again! My pussy hasn't been dry since!" she confessed while her hand began to once again massage the huge throbbing mass in my pants. "Now I know what they mean when they say about your blood running hot. It feels like I'm on fire and I can't stop thinking of. . ."

I stopped her with a kiss. "It's okay. Seriously. I never thought a young lady like you would even look at me sexually, and to have had the honor of being the one who first did your ass blows my mind."

My words must have been what she wanted to hear because her hand slipped into my pants and was again treating me to the softness of her skin as she stroked and massaged my stiffness. I had no hesitation lifting my hips off the blanket so she could, if she really wanted to, pull my pants down. Well, I had hardly lifted my ass off the blanket when she had pulled my sweats down and was trying to get me out of them, which she did with the help I readily gave.

Now I confess, I'm not much of a boob boy; always been an ass and leg fanatic, but I quickly lifted her halter over her head and began enjoying the robust fullness of her breasts. Sucking on her nipples, running my hands over the firm mounds in front of me and stroking my hands over her naked torso made me hornier than I had been for years. My cock was rock hard and pulsating uncontrollably while she continued playing with it.

"Take off your shorts," I strongly requested, grasping them at the waistband and gently tugging on them.

Without any indecisiveness Sandy stood up and dropped them. As she stepped out of them I laid down on my back. "Come here," I instructed her, reaching up and lightly grasping her ankle to pull her toward me.

A few seconds later, by following my instructions, she had one foot on either side of my head and I was watching with extreme anticipation and new found lust as her pussy inched closer and closer to my yearning mouth. As she slowly squatted down I ran my hands up the inside of her thighs, noticing that her legs were smoother than silk and perfectly shaped. She had her back toward my feet and I placed one of my hands under each of her cheeks as her body descended those last few inches. With her lightly resting her ass on my upturned palms, her pussy was within easy reach of my mouth.

"How's this going to be as good as the other way?" she asked, seeming oblivious to what I had in store for her.

The best answer I could give her was a quick lick of my tongue over her slightly parted pussy. As my tongue ran over her protruding clit, she screamed and lifted her ass upward a few inches. "Holy fuck!" she moaned with a gasp. I lifted my head slightly and gave her wet pussy another few licks.

"OHHHH FUUUCCK! " she moaned each time the wet coarseness of my tongue slid from her hole to her clit. Several times in rapid succession I licked at the increasing puffiness above me. Pausing only long enough to tell her to get on her knees, I soon had my face pressing hard against the back of her thighs as my lips and tongue exploded with the fury of a wild animal attacking her young pussy.

It was all I could do to hold onto her as her body thrashed violently from the attack of my mouth. She was quickly drenching my face with cum as she had what seemed to me to be one long, continuous, and undeniably intense orgasm. I had to position my hands under her ass once again as her body was getting physically drained of strength from the intensity of this new experience she was having. She unexpectedly rolled off my face and onto the blanket.

"Sweet Jesus! I can't take it any more!" she said as she struggled to get her breathing back to normal. "What the hell did you do??? I've never cum so much or so hard!!"

Grinning, I said nothing as I again began to enjoy exploring the contours of her body as I knelt beside her. She reached down and thanked me silently by beginning to give me another miraculous hand job, using the plentiful secretions my hardness had produced from the intense arousal I had just had.

"Sandy?" I began. "You mean nobody ever did that to you before?"

That cute blush appeared on her face again. "No, my boyfriend only wants to do it the old fashioned way and he always gets off way before I do," she shyly confessed while still giving me pleasure with her hand.

"That's typical of young guys," I said, smiling down at her as she lay there naked and still trembling a bit. Then, seeing the golden opportunity I had, I made her an offer that I hoped she wouldn't refuse. "Maybe I should become your tutor, or your guide to the world of mutually fulfilling sex," I offered. The smile that came across her face was not from her thinking I was joking.

"That'd be fine with me!" she said as she got up, pushing me onto my back. Pointing to the towering shaft of hard flesh protruding skyward from my crotch, she asked, "So, Teach, what should I do now?"

"Why don't you show me what you think would be best," I said as I closed my eyes and folded my arms behind my head.

'Talk about a win - win situation!!" I thought to myself as I patiently waited for her response to begin. I only had to wait a few seconds before she began to give me her answer.

'Teaching really is a hard profession,' I said to myself as I lay there and enjoyed the answer she was giving me.