 Note: This is a direct followup to Chapter 1, and it builds on what developed there. I'd highly recommend reading Chapter 1 first. 

*

Brian woke up the next morning, fired off an email saying he was sick and wouldn't be in, and turned on his side, gazing at Carla as she lay peacefully asleep next to him. Last night had been a whirlwind, and it occurred to him that it just might have been his best birthday ever. Certainly his best birthday sex ever.

Or was he just caught up in the moment? He could remember times with Jamie. One in particular. What was that? His 23rd? That sounded about right. That morning, the last birthday in their old apartment, he'd woken up feeling like he'd wet the bed, momentarily shocked until he looked down and saw Jamie's mouth on his cock. He felt himself hardening as her tongue flicked around the head and her chestnut hair tickled his stomach as she methodically worked up and down his shaft, stroking him with her hand and twisting as her tongue teased his frenulum.

"Yeeeessss," he remembered. He could almost feel the sensation even now. His cock swelled, and she sucked harder, opening her mouth wide and taking him down her throat until she gagged, which was in itself a wondrous sensation as he felt the spasming of her throat on the head of his penis, crushing down and releasing, setting the nerves on fire and jolting him so hard his hips flexed involuntarily, causing him to thrust deeper into her.

In another second, she'd mounted him, knees on either side of his torso as she pistoned up and down, taking him deep, then wriggling her hips in circular motions, tantalizing him until she once again started bouncing up and down, the wet slapping sound of them coming together leading him over the edge, and he shot several jets of cum into her.

At that point, she'd dismounted, leaving the area between his legs wet with their lust.

Ok, so that had been pretty good, but did it beat last night? Brian looked over at Carla again and felt a pang of guilt. He wasn't sure if it was unreasonable guilt from having slept with Carla last night or guilt about thinking of Jamie while he had Carla in his bed.

Fuck, this was complicated. He took a deep breath and focused. Jamie was in the past. It was important to remember that, of course there were good times, but every time he remembered that, the specter of the last time he'd seen her naked flashed to the forefront of his thoughts. Hell, the last time he'd seen her getting fucked, he hadn't been the one doing the fucking.

Thom. Thom with an H, like the asshole he was. Brian knew hating the spelling of his name was irrational, but he found it easy to hate him, clinging to the thought that if Thom had just said no to Carla, or not pursued her, or however the fuck it went down, Brian would still be happily married.

But that was ridiculous. It would only have been a matter of time. Some other guy, some other place. And what then? How many years down the road? Kids involved? No, Brian almost owed Thom a debt of gratitude for bringing it out when he did. It gave Brian the chance to get out before things got any further along.

He owed Thom a debt of gratitude for Carla, he thought, bringing himself back to the present and running his eyes along her nude body again. The sun gleamed in, striking her back in a way that made the outer part of her smooth skin glow like the silver lining on a cloud. Good God, was she ever hot.

Not wanting to wake her, Brian eased out of the bed and tiptoed to his dresser, silently sliding open a drawer and putting on a fresh pair of boxer briefs. He slunk to the kitchen and fired up the stove, then cracked some eggs and began mixing omelets. 

A few minutes later, a carafe of juice on a serving tray next to the two omelets — almost entirely wedding presents, goddamn it — Brian headed back to the bedroom and sat down on the bed, kicking out the legs of the serving tray and placing it off to the side on the mattress, where it sat only a little precariously.

"Carla," he whispered.

"Mmmm."

He reached a hand out and stroked her side, running his fingers back and forth over her skin as she squirmed a bit and moaned again.

With her eyes still closed, she found his hand with hers and took it, intertwining her fingers with his and led him to her breast, where her nipple was already hardening.

Brian stroked the underside of her breast, feeling the delightful weight of it as he brought a finger up to circle her nipple, flicking over it playfully. She grabbed his finger again and took it to her mouth, sucking it in and running her tongue over it, making it wet, before placing it back on her nipple.

Brian's body reacted as much as hers did, and he let out a long breath he hadn't realized he'd been holding.

He felt the bed shake a little and looked down to see that she was playing with herself, working her hand between her legs, rubbing in small circular motions over her clit.

Brian traced his fingernails down her stomach, covering her hand with his as he knelt between her legs, then moved it aside, licking her fingertips as he took over for her and she rolled fully onto her back.

Her clit was slick with wetness, and he massaged it gently, mimicking the motions she'd been making until he brought his face downward, his mouth hovering just over her vagina.

A long stroke with his tongue started her off, and he worked his index finger inside her, massaging her opening in firm circular motions as she spread her legs farther.

He flicked his tongue at her clitoral hood, then ran it up and down her labia, tasting her and breathing her in.

He slid a second finger inside her, the friction biting at it until it was all the way in and coated with her wetness.

Sucking on her clit now, he worked his fingers inside her in a scissoring motion, pressing upward on her G spot as he bore down on her clit from above. With his free hand, he pressed on her pubic mound, forcing the G spot down while he continued to stimulate it with his fingers inside her.

She ran her hands through his hair as she moaned and squirmed at his touch.

He massaged the sides of her clit with his tongue, tracing the outline of the hood before flattening it on her, quickly lapping up and down while he rotated his fingers inside her, then stroked at her G spot with alternating motions, almost like mimicking a walking motion, and he felt her thrusting against his face.

"You're so good at this," she breathed, gripping his hair and squeezing hard as he sucked her clit in his mouth and began humming, the vibration from the sound sending her body into spasms.

"Oh God, yes, YES!" she shouted, and then she was bucking uncontrollably against his face, and he felt her vagina pulsating against his fingers as he shoved them inside her roughly, working in and out and not moving his mouth from her clit as she came against him, one leg vibrating up and down next to him until she couldn't take it anymore and pushed his head away.

He drew his fingers from inside her and watched her hips bucking with the last vestiges of the orgasm as it flowed through her body.

It took several long moments for her breathing to return to normal, and she finally opened her eyes, smiling wide.

"I was afraid to open them before," she said. "Afraid it was just a dream and I'd lose it if I opened them."

Brian smiled. "I'd planned on us just eating, but you kind of got going and I really got into it."

"Us eating?"

He nodded to the tray with the omelets and the juice, miraculously still upright at the edge of the bed.

"Holy shit," she said, seeing it for the first time. "You mean I get an orgasm and breakfast without even getting up? You're setting a high bar."

Brian laughed and set a plate on the bed next to her as she sat up, leaning back against the padded headboard and then picking up the plate and fork.

"I hope you like it. Just some ham, cheese, spinach and eggs I whipped up."

"Are you kidding?" she asked with her mouth full. "This is delicious."

It had always annoyed him when Jamie would talk with food in her mouth, but somehow it didn't even faze him with Carla. He wondered why that was, and if it would last.

He dug into his own omelet and found it to be one of his better ones.

"Oh, good, this isn't one of my bad ones," he said. "I'm pretty inconsistent in the kitchen, so you're seeing it as good as it gets right now."

"Well if you go down on me like that before every meal, it won't ever matter," she replied, laughing. "I don't know what the hell you were doing down there, but please write it down so you can do it again. No one's ever gotten me off like that."

Brian felt a swelling of pride even as he thought she was probably stretching the truth a bit.

"I take it you called in sick?"

Brian shook his head. "Nah. Quit my job. Don't want to move from this spot."

She laughed and swung a pillow at him. He grinned and took a drink of orange juice, then another bite of omelet, finishing it off and setting the plate aside.

"Last night was pretty wild," he said.

She smiled and nodded, then finished her omelet as well.

"I honestly wasn't sure where it was leading," she said. "If I had been, I would have brought a change of clothes."

"Well, I happen to really enjoy what you had on, so I'll give you a pass if you wear the same thing today."

"Oh, you want me to lounge around the house in that dress?"

"What you're wearing now is fine," he said, smiling.

She rolled her eyes. "Boys," she said, shaking her head.

Brian shrugged. "We are what we are."

Carla frowned.

"What's wrong?" Brian asked.

"Nothing. It's just...it makes me wonder what we are. What we're doing. You and me. I feel like this is pretty fast. On a few levels. I mean, I've never done that on a second date before. It felt right, so I'm glad we did, but it's new to me."

Brian took a deep breath. "Yeah. I don't know. This has all been so unexpected. Honestly, I'm just taking the advice of some really smart woman I met in a bar once, who said to have no expectations and just go into it having fun."

"Do you remember what else she said?"

Brian nodded, giving her his most serious look. "Yeah, she said it wouldn't work out with the first girl."

"And? What do you think of that?"

"I think she said that back when she was dumb. It was what came after that was smart."

She gave a short laugh. "But what if it was right?"

Brian sighed. "I don't know. Look, if you had told me three days ago I'd walk into that bar and then be here, I'd have bought a fucking fistful of lottery tickets, because no fucking way, right?"

"Ok..?"

"But here we are. And it was, really, seriously, no fucking way I would have thought it possible. So what if it does work out? And we're just sitting here someday, or hopefully somewhere nicer," he said gesturing around the room, "and we're thinking, there was no fucking way, but here we are."

"Are you always this optimistic?"

Brian shook his head. "Not even close. But this is the first positive thing to happen in the last year, so, maybe I'm clinging to it."

"Tell me about it? Tell me what happened?"

"Now?"

She shrugged. "It would help me feel less anxious, maybe."

Brian nodded. "It's hard to say no to you when you're sitting there like that," he said, flashing a crooked smile. Then he took a deep breath.

"Ok, so I caught her with another man. I came home from work early, like a fucking cliche. And he was inside her. I saw it. I can't ever unsee it. Every time I think of her, that's the image burned into my mind. And the feeling, like, I never knew what betrayal was. And she tried to blame me. And it's stupid, but what they were doing was something I had wanted to do, to explore with her, and she'd always told me no, and I walk in and there they are. Going at it. The one forbidden thing. I don't know why that hurts so much. It wasn't ever something I truly felt I needed to experience, just a curiosity, but the fact that she wouldn't do something with me, and would with another....I don't know. Somehow it makes it hurt even worse."

Carla cocked her head sideways and Brian stopped talking abruptly.

"Sorry, that's probably TMI. And it only makes me mad. But I can't help thinking about it."

Carla let out a low whistle. "That's really awful. Walking in on them like that."

"Yeah. So we didn't talk for a couple of days. Then she called. I didn't let her talk first. I'd had time to think about it, and I knew I wanted a divorce, so I just blurted that out. It wasn't like this was some one-time thing that was a horrible fucking mistake made in a moment of weakness. If it had been that, I might, MIGHT, have tried to work through it with her. But I saw the messages between them. It had been going on for at least six months. When someone can hold onto that kind of a lie for so long, it's just not something I could ever come back from. The trust would never be there."

Carla reached out and took his hand, looking at him sadly, seemingly hurting for him.

"So, that's the gist of it. I'd be lying if I said I didn't miss her. Of course I miss her. She was all I knew for more than half my life. Can you believe it? I spent more than half my life with her. Every significant memory, she's there. Graduations, my 21st birthday, obviously our wedding, my first vacation out of the country, getting my first real job. All of it. And now, poof."

Carla squeezed his hand and regarded him wordlessly.

"That's why I said I was in a fucked-up headspace," he said. "I'm just being honest with you. I don't want to scare you away. And the reality is it has been a year since the marriage ended. I've had time to process it all, but not to fully get past it, you know?"

She nodded. "It would be upsetting if it only took a year to get past that. I'd wonder what kind of robot you were."

"Thanks. I'm glad you understand."

"Do you think you're ready to get involved with someone else? I mean, it's maybe a little late for me to be asking that, but are you?" she asked with a laugh.

"Honestly, a few days ago I would have said no," Brian said. "But now, this sounds so stupid, but now, it feels like you woke something up inside me that I didn't know was there. I think back on last night, and I was truly enjoying myself with you. Even if it hadn't gone to the sex part. I wasn't thinking about anything except how much fun I was having."

"I think that's a good sign," she said. "I can go with that."

Brian squeezed her hand and pulled her to him, laying down next to her so they were facing each other.

"So, I'm not sure how to ask this, but, are we, umm, exclusive?" he ventured.

She laughed. "I don't want to get hung up on titles or anything, but I'm happy seeing where this goes, excluding everyone else."

"You're way better at this than I am," he replied, then leaned forward and kissed her.

————————————————————————————

When she'd left, Brian felt suddenly sad, even though she would be back within an hour. He laughed at himself now and checked the clock. She should be back anytime, and he replayed the previous 12 hours in his mind, feeling a sense of elation sweep through him even as the nagging doubt lingered that he was getting into something he wasn't ready for.

As soon as she'd left, he'd tidied up the house, cleaned the breakfast dishes, then immediately run out to the corner store and bought a box of condoms. He wasn't about to be caught unprepared again, even though it had worked out last night.

In the shower, he realized he should have asked her to join him before she'd left, but then again, he didn't want to push it, and maybe it was best to hold off. How fast did relationships progress? Was this a relationship? He supposed it was, potentially. Jesus, he'd never thought he'd find himself here.

But, also, he'd never thought he'd find himself, well, here. Carla was vivacious, sexy, willing, smart and sweet. Maybe the universe was tossing him a bone after fucking him so hard in the past year.

The knock at the door made his heart skip.

She was through it before he could even fully open it, kissing him and throwing her arms around him. He returned the gesture, holding her tight as his tongue flicked at hers, and he grabbed her ass, kneading it gently through the tight yoga pants she wore, until the kiss ended.

"That was one hell of a greeting," he said, grinning and regarding her. Along with the yoga pants, she wore strappy sandals and a cute light blue off-the-shoulder top that drew out the color of her eyes.

She winked at him and held up a small duffel bag. "Where can I put this?"

"Wherever you'd like. What's in it?"

"It's a surprise."

"You know, I used to think I hated surprises, but you're doing a good job changing my mind."

"So, what do you want to do today, sick boy?"

"Sick? Oh, right. Work thinks I'm sick. I guess that rules out a few things, but maybe we can find something to do like go for a drive or make something good for lunch?"

"You know," she said, lowering her head a little so she was looking at him out of the tops of her eyes, "You're doing a good job of hiding it, and it's sweet, but I know what you're really thinking."

"Oh yeah?"

"Yeah," she whispered, grabbing the front of his shirt and pulling him close until their bodies were touching. He ran his hands up her back as she leaned in, whispering in his ear so her lips just brushed the outer edge. "It's been way too long for you, and way too long for me, and I thought maybe we could stay in today."

He didn't need to be told twice. He ran his hands down her back to her thighs, picked her up as she wrapped her arms around his neck and sucked at his earlobe, and he carried her to the bedroom, laying down on top of her as he set her on the bed on her back, and her legs clung to him in the most natural feeling in the world.

Their lips met, and he wasted no time diving deep into her mouth with his tongue, sparring with hers as she rubbed his back and pulled him hard onto her, her breasts squishing prominently against his chest as he ran a hand up and down her side.

She rolled to the side, and he moved off her, rolling onto his back as she climbed on top of him, kissing his neck playfully. She unbuttoned the top button of his shirt as she gyrated a little on his crotch, warming him up and getting pretty into it herself.

Then she stopped and sat up straight. He started to sit up, and she pushed him down firmly with the palm of her hand and shook her head.

"No. You're doing what I say now. You lay here, and I'm going to go to the other room. I want you naked, right here, when I come back. If you don't follow the rules, I'm going home."

He laughed. "Ok, I'm intrigued. And that's not a fair negotiation, by the way."

She winked at him, then hopped off the bed and retreated through the doorway, giving a playful shake of her ass as she left, the yoga pants the perfect frame to that particular piece of art.

"Close your eyes," she said a few minutes later from just outside the doorway, and he did as he was told.

"Ok, they're closed," he said.

"I know," she replied from the edge of the bed, startling him almost enough to open his eyes, but he managed to keep them closed.

He felt the mattress shift as she climbed onto it and suddenly felt so vulnerable lying there naked and blind.

I really hope she's not a serial killer, he thought. Then he felt something pressed over his eyes, silky feeling, and she coaxed his head up, knotting it behind him.

"Really, a blindfold?" he asked. "You're taking away the best part."

"Aww, are you going to trust me or just whine?" she asked, a playful lilt in her voice.

"I suppose I can try trusting you," he laughed, but his mind flashed, unbidden, to the betrayal by the last woman he'd dared to trust.
