 It had been a long time. A long, long time. Too long, I smiled to myself as I stroked his rock-hard erection. It really was harder than my husband's. It was so much harder, but then my husband was nearly fifty and the cock in my hand was just twenty.

So young, so inexperienced, so lovely and so, so energetic. I knew the afternoon and evening would be amazing. I knew that I would have multiple, possibly an uncountable number of orgasms. I knew that he would get hard so quickly after ejaculation. And I knew that without doubt once more a young man would fuck me more times than an older one could even dream about!

*

"You are fucking joking aren't you?" He screamed at me.

"No, no I'm not," I lamely replied.

"So, what I've been told is true."

"Yes," I sobbed.

"You've been fucking that twenty-year-old kid."

"Yes."

"Why for fuck's sake."

"I don't know," I groaned. "I couldn't help it."

"What do you mean you couldn't help it?"

"Just that I couldn't stop myself, I'm sorry."

*

Just over a year or so later and after the divorce I decided to go back to lecturing, something I had done for a while a few years ago. As I was looking for a vacancy I suddenly thought why not move away from London, I never had before, but why not? I was a city girl really, but the countryside had an appeal; so I thought. 'Why not, there's nothing to keep me here in London.'

I scrutinised the Times Educational Supplement, The Guardian and the online job boards looking for positions as a lecturer in English or Creative Writing at a university or sixth form college; but where? I didn't fancy Lancashire, Northumberland and most of the far North counties other than Yorkshire and I certainly wouldn't even consider Scotland or Wales. Devon and Dorset had an appeal and as I have always enjoyed Norfolk that got on the short list as well. Considering the government spending cuts, I was surprised at the number and variety of jobs on offer. I started sending applications off and was pleased at the response and I got ready to start being interviewed.

I toned down my blonde, spiky hair a bit and bought some horn-rimmed glasses that I thought made me look more 'school-mistressy.' There wasn't much I could do about my 36D+ boobs but I bought a couple of interview outfits; white blouse, not at all see through, loose and button up the front with only one undone, dark suits with knee-length skirts that were not too tight across my 36 inch hips. 

I was surprised at the number of interviews I obtained and thoroughly enjoyed touring round England visiting towns I had never been to before. Although most of the schools and colleges offered accommodation and travel expenses, I didn't take the accommodation for I preferred to be independent. I could, therefore, stay overnight in hotels even though it may not have been necessary, and I could choose where I stayed, rather than the cheap fleapits their allowances would provide or in the colleges; I wanted to teach students not be one! I did though accept their travelling allowance, which at forty pence per mile more than covered the costs of driving my BMW to their locations.

I always get a thrill out of staying in hotels by myself, not that I do it that often. But when I was married and was working, I had to stay away at times and usually gained a nice tingle when checking in, having dinner or a drink in the bar. Nothing much ever happened, but it was the possibility that something might that gave me the buzz. At that time though, I was happy with my marriage and although I got the occasional come on, I turned most of them down. Hotels had provided more thrills, however, when I had my affair with Adam for it was in them that we had much of our sex during our six-month affair.

I'd had a wild period after the divorce came through bedding six guys in about as many months, well to be accurate I bedded only four and carseated two! But I hated myself for what I was doing so I stopped dating. However, I needed sex, yet didn't want to get involved, didn't want to become emotionally dependent upon a man, couldn't bring myself to make the mental connection needed to turn one-night stands, which so excited me and which I enjoyed, into memorable sexual experiences.

After a really enjoyable round of interviews I took a post as a Junior Lecturer in creative writing at a redbrick university just outside Whitby in North Yorkshire. It was the beauty of the national park and the sparkling eyes, nice grin and tight bum of the male head of the Arts Department that swung it for me.

During the three months waiting to take up the post at the start of the autumn term in early October, I visited the area a few times. I rented a three-bedroomed cottage some six miles away from the college in a delightful village that nestled in the moors and ordered some furniture and other stuff. I found an older lady and her husband who would look after the place until I got there and then would clean the place and tend to the quite large gardens after I moved in. I found a gym and joined that and checked out the local pubs and restaurants. As my start day approached, I found myself becoming excited, but strangely apprehensive as well. 

I wanted change for sure, but was I going too far? I had never lived 'oop north,' I knew no one up there; I had a new job and a new home. What the fuck had I done; I thought many times?

Standing in front of the mixed gender class of eighteen to twenty-four-year olds as I prepared to deliver my first lesson I was hellishly nervous. I was wearing an on the knee length skirt and a thin wool sweater, which on reflection I had thought in the ladies just prior to entering the class, was probably a little too tight for it seemed to mould itself to my boobs which lately had bloated up to DD at least, the bastards. 

"Good morning everybody," I said in the friendliest yet firm voice I could muster. "I'm Jayne West and I am here to teach you about creative writing."

*

Teaching, or lecturing as they prefer to call at colleges, really is like riding a bike, or having sex in a way; no matter how long since you last did it, everything comes back when you do it again. As nervous as I was that very first lesson, by the second or third day I felt fine. Overall, the groups I gave lectures to were pretty good. 

Attending the creative writing sessions was optional. It was offered as training in support of the drama courses, as an aid to the programmes that had a large writing element and as part of the business studies process to teach how to produce formal and informal reports and compose copy for ads, websites and promotional material. I was required to give two hour and a half long lectures each day and handle a few two or three person tutorials. I thought having such small numbers in the tutorials was rather inefficient and felt that groups of four would be better. I made a mental note to mention it to Bryan Higgins the Head of the Arts Department and the man with the pert bum and nice smile during my twice weekly one-to-one that he had with all of his staff. When he had told me about the way he worked including the one-to-one meetings, the devastating smile he flashed as he said it made me almost ask if they were over dinner in my cottage or, maybe over a pillow in my bed.

I didn't of course, but I was tempted. 

The lack of sex of any sort, I hadn't been with a man for months, was getting to me. I felt almost permanently frustrated, I masturbated nearly every night, read, generally disappointing, but occasionally exciting, stories on Literotica. I had even taken to looking at some female porn sites and masturbating along with watching women do that; something I fully recommend.

I settled into both the new job and location during October and November. I made friends with three female teachers, got to know some people in the village, joined a local golf club, started bridge lessons and threw myself into the university social life. 

"Have you dated any of the staff" one of the students in my creative writing group asked me as we danced at a student union ballroom dancing evening that the lecturers were encouraged to attend. 

I went to most of the events mainly in the hope that my boss Bryan would be there and he might take me in his arms and press himself against me. No such luck, though, for the only one he attended he brought his wife with him and she scowled at me all evening; someone must have told her that there was a new female lecturer who was divorced, had spiky, blonde hair with streaks, blue eyes and glasses and, a near sin for all female divorces, big tits; a combination that seems to be anathema to many wives!

"No Neil I haven't," I replied.

"What about any of the students?"

"Of course not," I snapped back rather sharply.

"Why of course not, it's not unknown."

"It's frowned upon and in any case you're all young enough to be my children."

Pulling me slightly closer as we coped with the intricacies of the foxtrot he said into my ear. "Well that's the attraction to some of us."

"Really?" Was all I could muster as a reply as I felt his bulge pressing into my tummy.

"Oh yes loads of us have this thing about older women," he whispered, letting his hand slip down my back a little until it was almost touching my bum, making me feel thankful that the lights had been dimmed. "It's a bit like a contagion, with you."

"What do you mean?"

"The Jayne West disease is spreading like wildfire."

"Now, now Neil."

"Now now what, Jayne?"

"You know what I'm saying."

"And you should know what I am saying."

"No I don't" I rather unwisely replied as he pulled me even closer and squeezed my breasts against his chest.

"It's simple."

"Is it?"

"Yes, I fancy you."

"Neil we'd better stop this."

"Why?"

"Because we should, it's wrong."

Fortunately the dance ended and I was able to 'escape.'

Later that evening in the bedroom of my cottage I could hardly believe what came into my mind as my fingers unfolded the pink 'petals' guarding my clit. It was Neil's face, then his bare chest, then his naked body, then his erect dick and then, as I rubbed my clit faster than I usually do, he fucked me.

*

I was lecturing the next day to the group that Neil attended. As I stood in front of the fourteen guys and six girls, I could feel his eyes on me all the time. I glanced at him several times; he smiled at me and was very attentive, but didn't seem to make any notes at all. 

As I rambled on about the combining of short and long sentences and the impact this has on the reader in a far less structured way than I usually do, my mind went back to the previous night. I had started to undress when I felt myself becoming aroused. As I usually do, I stroked my fingertips across my nipples and then pinched them to their full hardness. I slipped my thong off and laid on the bed, one hand squeezing and caressing my tits the other finding my clit. I couldn't help looking straight at Neil, when I recalled the vision of him coming into my mind and us having sex as I masturbated. His gaze and smile seemed to be saying that he knew all about that, which of course, was ridiculous. His gaze also seemed to undress me so I stood there completely naked delivering my lecture. He could see my full, slightly drooping tits with the coral pink nipples, the slight bulge of my stomach where I hadn't been as strict after childbirth as I should have been, my patch of neatly trimmed, but only once shaved, tawny pubic hair, with my lips poking through and my thighs, which although slightly chunky, thankfully had no cellulite.

"Thought any more about it Jayne?" He asked when he stayed behind after the rest had gone.

"About what?" I replied feeling flustered as I gathered my papers and books together.

"Us."

"What do you mean us Neil?"

"You know what I mean."

"I don't."

"I want to date you."

"Date me?"

"Yes go out together."

"Neil I am forty four, twenty four years older than you."

"Wonderful, that excites me."

"It might excite you, but it would look ridiculous."

"To who?"

"Anyone who sees us together."

"Ok then we can stay in instead."

I laughed at his cheek and walked out.

*

"Can I give you a lift Ms West" Neil said pulling up alongside me as I stood at the bus stop one morning a couple of weeks later.

"Thanks Neil that would be great," I replied. Getting in the low car I was aware that my lowish cut top probably gaped a bit for I saw his eyes on my chest and as I sat down my skirt probably rode up a little more than was ideal. With autumn now well in place I was, thankfully wearing tights so I didn't 'flash the flesh' as I would had my legs been bare.

"So why ma'am are you slumming it?" He asked as we pulled away.

"My car has a problem and it's being repaired."

We chatted away about university matters as we sped along the main road to the university. We were then in ten minutes or so and to my relief he didn't say anything out of place. Being so close to the main subject of my masturbating over the past few weeks was hard to handle. I found myself becoming aroused as I looked at him and thought of the things we'd done together in my fantasies. This is insane, I thought as I got out of the car in the students' car park.

"Thanks for the lift Neil."

"You're most welcome," he replied pointedly looking me up and down. "You look great Jayne" he added making me feel flustered.

"Thank you," I replied looking away from him.

"What time you off today?"

"Er around three, why?"

"I'll give you a lift."

"No that's fine Neil; it's kind of you, but no thanks."

He persisted and I relented and thanked him. To be truthful the idea of him giving me a lift home in the traffic that I knew would be awful and would slow the journey quite appealed for I would get to spend some time with him. Jesus, I thought I'm getting like a teenager with a crush, I must be going fucking mad.

When I got to the car at just after three, he was standing beside it and his friend Paul was in the back. We all said our hellos and were soon on our way. The traffic going out of town was, as usual, horrendous and we talked about why it was always so bad without defining a cause or reason.

When we were probably just a couple of miles from where we needed to turn off the main road into the lane that leads to my village, Neil absolutely flabbergasted me.

"So have you thought any more about us Jayne?" 

I didn't know what to say. It would have been difficult enough if it was just him and me, but with Paul in the back it was an impossible situation.

"Neil please," was about all I could think of saying.

"Please what Jayne?" He retorted causing Paul to laugh.

"You know what I mean."

"I don't and I'm not sure you do either."

"I do."

"Do what?"

"Know what I mean."

"And that is?"

"That there is nothing between us and I don't want to talk about it."

"What in front of Paul you mean."

"Yes."

"So you would if he wasn't here?" He replied his quick mind and verbal skills putting me well on the back foot.

"No, look, stop trying to confuse me."

"It's not confuse that I want to do to you, along with pretty much every male student Paul included. Right Paul?"

"Spot on Neil."

"What do you mean?" I asked as I became even more confused.

We were at a standstill and he looked right into my eyes as he said quietly.

"You must know Jayne that we would all like to shag you."

I couldn't speak. There wasn't really any response I could reasonably make.

"Has that shocked you?" Paul asked from the back.

"Yes" I said sharply.

"What, that men want to have sex with you is a shock?" Neil asked.

"Well no, but the way you put it is. I keep telling you I'm old enough to be your mother."

"And Jayne, I keep telling you that a lot of us, Paul and me included like older women, it's most young men's biggest fantasy."

Sitting there at a standstill in the traffic the whole situation was sexually Kafkaesque. I was tempted to get out and walk, but couldn't bring myself to do that.

"Can we just leave it please?" I asked.

"We can't Jayne," Paul said from the back. "When you stand in front delivering your lectures, we all fantasise about you."

"You don't."

"I can assure we do, all of us all the time. I am now aren't you Neil?"

"Of course. I do every time I look at her."

They were talking about me as if I wasn't there. I was in part horrified, shocked and embarrassed, but in part also excited and, I suppose, flattered at what they were saying. In some ways I was thinking wouldn't any woman approaching, well in really, middle age be flattered by two young, attractive men saying how wonderful they think she is and how much they want her.

"Will you please stop," I said turning to Neil and then looking over my shoulder at Paul."

They simply ignored that.

"And in the tutorials, well," Paul said referring to the small groups I had to run with two or three students.

"Oh shit, man I don't hear a thing she says, I'm so carried away with thinking what if?"

Despite my maturity and my position as their lecturer I had no idea how to handle them. I was realising that I was out of my depth.

"You must realise it Jayne," Paul said the finger on his hand that was on the back my seat touching my shoulder.

"I didn't reply."

"You must realise what your body does to us young men and how we fancy you so much," Neil said.

"No I don't" I half lied. 

Of course, like most women I usually do recognise when a man fancies me. Being fairly large busted I have also come to recognise the look, stares and leers that my chest induces. I had seen it with some of the students and of course in my masturbation fantasies the student sitting beside me has taken that much further. In them he has sucked, chewed and licked my DD cup breasts, he has fucked my cleavage and several times he has cum on them. Those thoughts kept sneaking into my mind as we crawled along in the Mini with him and Paul friend saying such intimate things about me.

"You aren't serious Jayne are?"

"How, in which respect?"

"That you don't realise the effect you have on men."

"Ok yes I can see that you might fantasise about me, it's a common thing isn't it, but you shouldn't try to fulfil that fantasy," I said probably unwisely for I opened up another line of conversation.

"Why not?"

"Fantasies are just that, they're unattainable."

"Not all and I don't think Paul's and my fantasy about you is Jayne."

"I won't ask what that is?" I said smiling.

"I'm happy to tell you, after all you are our teacher and counsellor aren't you?"

"For educational matters yes."

Neil fixed me with that cool gaze of his, smiled and said. "Jayne I can assure there is nothing that is more educational than this. It's of far greater significance than bloody creative writing."

Again I couldn't help smiling at both his cheek and logic.

"Well I'm not paid to educate you that way."

"Well you could always do it for charity, a good will gesture" Paul offered from the back.

As we finished off the journey over the next ten minutes the conversation was lighter, but still flirty and revolved around their fantasy of me.

"Don't you have fantasies Jayne?"

"No."

"No, are you sure? I'm told lots of older women do."

"Well not that I would tell you about?"

Again that locking of gazes and that knowing smile. "Anyone I know?" He embarrassed me by asking as I am sure I went red.

We pulled up outside my cottage.

"Thanks Neil" I said opening the door.

"How about a cup of tea as payment for the lift, we'll pick you up tomorrow as well if you like."

I know I should have been stronger and more resistant. I know I should have simply said no. I know I should have not played with the fire, but I didn't and quickly I was making tea in my kitchen as they sat in my, still to be finished lounge. 
