 I suggest that the reader take this series in order. At least read the introduction to the first story to get the background of both me and my stories. Thanks.

And thank you also for the positive feedback so far. It is much appreciated.

*****

My third date with Doug had been quite exciting, as we both had performed oral sex on the other. That was the first sex I had with another person since my husband had passed away more than two years before, but I was ready for more.

Doug knew I was ready for more. Well, I had told him. Before we had oral sex I had surprised myself by telling him that I wanted him inside me, but without a condom I wouldn't do it. I was afraid of disease. Pregnancy didn't bother me. I had learned long ago that I was unable to have children. But disease is always a possibility.

So it was that on our next date, I knew Doug would come prepared. We had a very nice evening, flirting a lot as people can when they have been so intimate and have been friends for years. We arrived back at my house feeling pretty relaxed even though we both knew we would soon be having intercourse. I was more anxious than nervous, as it had been such a long time for me.

I fixed us drinks while he turned on some music, and we took seats on the couch. I snuggled into his arms and soon we were kissing passionately. His hands lovingly caressed my head, hair, ears, chin, and neck. It felt lovely and sensuous, but I was ready for more. Finally his hand roamed down to cover my breast, and I let out a soft gasp in appreciation. From then on our excitement rose, We hugged harder, our tongues plunged deeper into each other's mouths, and Doug quickly started removing my clothes.

He opened my blouse enough to expose my bra, which he pushed out of the way. He leaned over and took my nipple into his mouth, sucking it deep while running his tongue around it. He kept licking it while his finger tip explored the nipple and the aureole. 

"Damn, Suzie, you have the puffiest nipples!" Doug gasped.

He actually meant my aureoles, which were indeed very puffy. I used to be embarrassed by how far they stuck out, but since my husband seemed to like them I accepted them as a good thing. I wasn't sure how Doug felt.

"Don't you like them?" I asked.

"Hell, yes!" he answered enthusiastically. "They are so damn sexy. I love them!" He kept examining them with his fingers and his mouth, playing with them as if he had found a new toy. As puffy as my aureoles were, my nipples were about average. But they were extremely sensitive. I could get wet almost instantly just by having them touched, and I had cum more than once just from having them played with. I was being driven wild right now by his explorations. As soon as his attentions waned a little, I suggested we go to my bedroom. He didn't object.

I led the way, holding his hand. His pants bulged out, and I thought how badly I wanted to release his pressure. When we got into the room I threw the bedspread off and turned into his embrace. He held me tight and kissed me, but my hands went for his pants. I unfastened them and let them drop, and took his erection into my hands. I stroked it slowly, squeezing it tight. He in turn unfastened my skirt and peeled my blouse off. I had to release his hard shaft with one hand as my clothes came off. 

Soon I had only my panties on. Doug leaned over as he pulled them down my legs. He kissed my stomach, just above my bush, and slowly kissed upwards, exciting my skin even more until he reached my breasts. He returned to worshipping my breasts and, in particular, my puffy aureoles. My nipples tingled again and I felt it straight down into my pussy. He hugged me tight and kissed me deep, practically lifting me off the floor as we moved onto the bed. As I scooted toward the center, he ripped off the remainder of his clothes in record time and climbed on. He climbed on the bed as well as me. 

"Damn," he said, reaching back for his pants. He quickly pulled out a condom, unwrapped it, and put it on his shaft. I would have liked to do that, but speed was important at the moment.

I felt his hard penis push against my mound as he mounted me again. It sent shivers through me, feeling as if it was pushing fluids out of my pussy I was so wet. He again attacked my breasts with his hands and mouth. My nipples were also sending shocks through my body, and I was way past ready to be taken. I reached a hand between us and took hold of his shaft. I pulled it down, Doug lifting himself up to give me a little room. I got the head of his penis between my legs. It felt wonderful pushing into my vaginal folds. It was sopping wet and I was close to frantic. I wanted his dick in me, but had no chance at this angle.

"Please, now," I pleaded. "Take me now."

He moaned something and shifted his body again. My hand still grasped his erection firmly, and I guided it to my hole. I felt it hit home and pushed my hips toward it, causing it to enter me just an inch or two. I think we both gasped as we felt the insertion, then began groaning as he pushed it slowly into my channel.

I wanted him to go slow, as it was my first time in over two years, but it felt good. He pushed most of his shaft in before he pulled back a little, then pushed in again further. As my vagina parted to accept him I had a fleeting thought of my dildo, and how it had kept me loose. I didn't think of that for long, however, as Doug started pushing in harder, faster, now all the way in to the hilt. Further than a penis had ever been, since he was bigger than my husband had been. But not bigger than my dildo.

I had been so excited and over-ready for this that I came quickly. I shuddered all over, my vaginal contractions making him slow his thrusts. A smile came over his face as he thought of what a good lover he was, making me cum so quickly. The truth is I usually orgasmed quickly. I also often had mutliple orgasms, and I thought to myself how I wouldn't tell Doug either of those things. It's good to let a man feel powerful.

But he was powerful. His shaft plunged hard into me as my first orgasm ended. I drove my hips upward to help his thrusts. My feet dug into the bed as my knees were bent, helping me to drive into him. I could feel what must be the rim of his cock head pushing against my sensitive lining. Neither my dildo nor my husband gave me that feeling. 

Doug was staring at my breasts as he thrust into me. I wasn't sure if he was still looking at my puffy aureoles or if he was watching my firm breasts wiggle like Jell-o on my chest. It didn't matter, he was pleased. But as I watched his face it changed from pleasant concentration to a more painful looking one. I also felt him thrusting harder and his penis swelling. I knew he was almost there.

I reached down between us to rub my clit. I was close to another orgasm, but I wanted to cum when he did. I wrapped my legs around him, crossing my feet and pulling him into me as deep as he could go. It was only a few more thrusts until he groaned loudly and emptied his load. 

"Oh, Suzie, oh, God," he said as his spurts continued. My clit sent shock waves through my pussy and the rest of my body as I orgasmed again. My pussy spasms probably caused him a few extra spurts, and our bodies began relaxing, tensing up a few more times in our last throes of cumming.

When we were done he tried to pull out, but my legs were still locked around him. I loved the feel of him inside me and didn't want it to end. Soon, however, I felt his erection shrinking and knew he had to pull out before the condom slipped off, so I let him go. He rolled off me, removed his condom, and held me as I rolled over to snuggle up against him.

As I predicted, he was happy with himself, both for cumming and for making me cum twice. "Oh. Suzie, that was great," he said. "You seemed to like it, too, didn't you? Twice, I believe."

"Oh, yes Doug, I did. You were wonderful." And he was. Perhaps not quite as good as he thought he was, but a man's ego is a fragile thing. Why not boost it a bit? It might help him next time. And I was certain that there was going to be a next time.