 ~Anjin~ 

I never finished the story about that hot night on the boat when Guillermo was trying to sneak through the cabin naked on his way up for a swim. I just said he came back down and looked at me and then went to sleep, and he did, but I didn't. I was way too aroused, probably would have walked over there and fucked him in a moment, but I was working up my courage. What should I do? Maybe I should just get up and walk in there quietly and then suck him off without exchanging a word: or maybe that would be too forward? I decided to say something.

I sat up, feet on the deck, forearms resting on my knees, my hair and breasts hanging down in the heat, facing him and whispered, "Gui? Guillermo! You awake?" 

"Hmnhuh? Wha..?" He mumbled, sounding like he was half asleep. As IF! He's been lying there wide awake the whole time with a hard on, looking at my tits.

I came back, "Gui, dude, it is way too hot down here. I can't fucking sleep at all."

But I guess he did: he fell asleep. I could tell from the soft snoring that began.

Imagine that, one minute he's standing over me with a hard on, checking out my boobs, and the next he's conked. Plus he still had the same enraged cock, I could barely see it in the dark stretching up across his stomach. It hadn't gone to sleep yet.

I decided I would see what I could get away with without waking him up. First, I took off my panties: when he DID wake up, (and I suppose I was expecting it would happen right away), I basically intended to have sex with him immediately and I wanted to be ready to astonish him. Next, I crept over and literally blew him, or on him, I should say; a soft, open-mouthed exhalation designed to be warm instead of chilling. No reaction. More snoring. So next I went for one soft kiss half way up his shaft. He felt that! Or, IT did, lurching up into my lips when I finished the kiss.. He was still snoring in perfect rhythm though, out cold, poor boy. It was fun though. I was fired up to give the blowjob of a lifetime now and if he was gonna miss it, well that's not my problem! Afterwards I would wake him up though, I needed to ride that pole tonight. I could picture it pressing me open and sliding into me, one frictioney knobby contour at a time, until I could grind my clit on the very base of him, slowly.

I started to get a little more aggressive, with some long licks and, well, basically he stayed asleep while his penis stayed up and kept me company, and the two of us had a great time together without him! After a bit it was really kind of great. I felt like I could do anything; take the pace I liked, fool around, and had nobody to please but myself. I almost had to laugh. I would just wait there and watch until junior started to lose interest, and then fire him back up again with a little suction right on the head, or by tracing my fingers around one testicle, like I was inspecting a plum. 

He was all salty from jumping in the ocean, and I licked his abs clean with my wet little tongue like a cat.

Eventually I turned up the heat, taking him deep and slow, resting my cheek on his belly. I was sure he'd wake up but he didn't. When he started to struggle I decided to let him finish. So I just held on, pointing him straight up, and sat back to watch the pulses of sticky goo sluice down his shaft, over my fist and onto his belly.

When he was done, I went back to my bunk and fell asleep. I wonder what kind of a dream he had, if I was in it or not.

~Guillermo~

I woke up before everyone, sticky. I had cum all over myself apparently, and I did vaguely remember a hot dream, something about a hot redhead, underwater with me, naked. I think: it was pretty fuzzy. Last night I'd seen Anjin stripped, and that fired me up some so I could barely sleep at all, but then once I cooled off, I conked out pretty hard.

I looked over and sure enough there she was, half naked and fully on display, snoozing out cold. Damn, the girl could sleep. If only she was half as horny as I was last night! Heck, if she was a redhead she could'a been in my dream: oh well. Now, in the predawn light, she was back to just my friend Anjin. I gently pulled her sheet over her chest and then walked aft, picking up my razor and goggles on the way up topside. The sun was gonna come up in a few minutes. This was my favorite time of day. Nobody would be awake for a couple of hours, probably, and I liked to go for a swim in the flat calm ocean. I left my razor and a bar of soap on the swimstep and dove in, slicing deep, something you could never do in a pool. Finally surfacing, I set out towards where the sun would rise, out of the harbor, into the deep. Already 50' deep, you could still see the bottom, barely, but it was featureless white sand so except for an anchor chain I saw once, it was basically a sphere of perfect blue, darkening as the depth grew. This was always spooky to me: sharks and barracudas come to mind. But at the same time, with no sense of distance, you get the feeling you're superfast, flying through the ocean making 5 meters a stroke or something.

On the way back, I could see the girls were awake on the Norse Sled. It was a sort of big clunky catamaran: looked comfortable. The two of them were out here spending a month with their uncle on his boat, and we'd become casual acquaintances, sharing a day cruise or a meal maybe once a week or so. There were so few people out here, you tended to be more open, to make friends quicker.

Anyway, hoping they might be nude (they seemed to spend half the day that way) I sort of veered over closer than I needed to, to get directly back to my boat. It was a long haul still, and there's nothing quick or sneaky about swimming up to a boat, so of course they saw me. I was just going to swim casually by, but when Lessa came to the rail and started waving frantically at me I couldn't very well ignore her. Stopping to tread water, I waved back. No luck, she had that brown suit on. From a distance, it looked just like her skin, a color she doubtless picked for this very purpose.

"Hey Guillermo, you forget your suit this morning?" 

Oh shit! It felt so natural, over the last half hour I had completely forgotten I was swimming naked the whole time. Now, 15 feet from this grinning girl, my worst embarrassment was that I had shriveled up to practically nothing in the chilly water, and she, obviously trying to get a glimpse, was going to be rewarded with next to nothing!

"Whoops, forgot about that!"

"Why don't you come up and have a cup of coffee?" She piped in, and, "Hey sissa come over here and see: Guillermo's NAKED!"

Juli appeared: she was wearing a beach towel, and a red sox ballcap, and brushing her teeth. She spit toothpaste all over the rail and almost on me, laughing. "What are you doing, you can't just come over here with no clothes on!"

"Well, it looks like I can, and besides Lessa invited me for breakfast." Perking up from the attention, I wasn't so embarrassed any more. Maybe I even leaned back for a stroke or two so they could get a better view.

"Yeah, well I'm gonna have you for breakfast," Laughed Juli, still spitting toothpaste. She ripped off her towel and jumped in, just like that. Legs flailing as she hit the water, I remember focusing on her cunt, or trying to, there was only a quick flash. She dove under and swam over to me, popping my dick into her mouth immediately and giving a couple of hard pulls before surfacing. "Good Morning, my little Spaniard!" And with that she pushed off of my shoulders and swam hard back to the ladder, before I could think to grab her. There was nothing to do but follow. I grabbed her Sox hat on the way.

By the time I got to the boat, she had her towel back on, and Lessa had thrown on some sheer beach wrap. Doubtless it was for a bit of additional modesty, because her suit bottom turned out to be a pretty extreme thong, which the wrap did little enough to hide. They didn't offer me a towel or anything though, just a cup of coffee so I had to stand around displaying perpendicularly while we made chitchat, talking about where we might sail today.

Headed below, Juli squeezed by me, casually swiping my prick with her ass through the rough towel and I thought, frustrated, "I am the credit card, scraped wrong-ways over the slot, funds unspent."

Then working her way down to the cabin, where she whipped the towel off and fussed around starting water for oatmeal, totally nude and chattering full blast the whole time, as though I wasn't spellbound to see her entirely nude like there was noting to it. Danish girls! She liked me well enough, but this was just her outgoing personality, not carnal attraction. Juli was naked mostly just so I could enjoy it, the perfect considerate hostess: "some milk in your coffee? Nipples with breakfast?" ~ like that. Even the quick suck in the ocean was nothing to her, really: like a "hello" peck on the cheek. I did wonder though, if she might extend the cordiality to a casual friend-fuck, and thought the answer might just be yes, under the right circumstances.

Instead we had some food, and I got no help for my hard on. Lessa even said, "shoot, looks like you're going to need some help with that: you better get back." ...and she pointed to the boat, where I could see Anjin lounging on the back of the deck, maybe looking for me! We made a plan for all of us to get together for lunch, I said goodbye, and jumped in to swim back.