 I kissed my wife when she got home from work on Saturday. She works in retail, and I have an office job, so we are only off together on Sundays; she usually has a Tuesday or Wednesday off and I'm off alone on Saturday. I took the groceries from her hands and followed behind her into the kitchen.

"Your boyfriend called," I told her. She turned to me and smiled. 

"Oh. Really?" She grinned, and made a suspicious face. "I told him not to call me at home," she said

*

We had been playing this game for several weeks, teasing each other about her boyfriend. It had started when I was leaving on a business trip, and told her that when I slept in the hotel, I slept on the same side of the bed as I do at home, and how it was weird, because her side was empty, and even though I could spread out, I didn't. I asked her if she spread out when I was gone.

"I can't," she teased. "My boyfriend will be here."

"Every night?" I asked, picking up her tease.

"Oh, yes," she said, "not that we'll be sleeping much. He's insatiable." We laughed, and kissed, and I left for my trip. 

When I returned home after a few days she picked me up at the airport. We kissed, and as we pulled away I told her I had missed her. Since the kids had moved out, we had sex more frequently, and I rubbed her leg, and asked her if she missed me. 

"I guess," she said. "But I don't know if I'm in the mood tonight," she teased playfully. "My boyfriend kept me pretty busy."

"I'll bet he did," I answered. "I bet he can't resist you."

"He almost wore me out," she laughed, "but I might be able to work up some energy for you."

Over the next weeks, the teasing continued, in both directions, getting more and more specific. When I noticed the sheets had been changed, I would ask if she had him over, and soiled them. She would tell me things they did. I would ask if he was bigger than me. She would get out of work late and pretend she had stopped at his house for a quickie. It all made for good fun. Sometimes, when we were having sex, she would tell me to fuck her harder, 'like my boyfriend does it'. It became a regular part of our married life seduction. After her last day off, she told me, "He doesn't want you to fuck me anymore."

*

"So, what did he say?" she asked, as we put away the few groceries. 

"Well," I began, "he repeated what you told me, that he doesn't want me to have sex with you," I began, looking her in the eye, and holding her close. "He said this," I slipped my hand between her legs, rubbing her through her pants, "belongs to him."

"You better listen to him," she laughed, "he's pretty big."

"And he told me that I don't treat you right; that you are special, and I should treat you special."

Her eyes opened wide, and she pouted. "Really?"

"Oh, yes," I exaggerated, "he gave me some good advice for tonight." I kissed her forehead, and held her close. She settled her head against my shoulder and wrapped her arms around me.

"Don't keep me in suspense," she sighed as we hugged, and I played with her hair.

"He said I should treat you like a lady. Pamper you. And he said that if I treat you right, you could make me cum, but not inside you, and only if I give you at least three orgasms first." I pulled back and lifted her head to look into her eyes. "And at least one of them has to be with my tongue."

"O-ooh, yeah, I like the sound of that."

"So, I made a light dinner, just some salad and a nice Panini sandwich," I said, taking her by the hand and leading her to the table. "While you eat, I will run your bath and pour the wine."

"M-mm, perfect."

"After your bath, there will be a nice massage," I told her as I served her dinner. I frequently massaged her, and the massages always turned into very erotic events. 

"That sounds lovely," she said, taking a forkful of salad. She sat, and chewed, and looked at me. When she swallowed, she said. "Well? What are you waiting for? Get busy, get my bath ready," she laughed.

"Your wish is my command," I said, and bowed my head, and left for the bathroom. I ran a hot bath, with some scented bath oils I had purchased that day on my shopping excursion to prepare for our adventure night. I checked the big fluffy towels, and lit the candles, and opened the wine. I poured her a glass and left it on the edge of the tub. Then I checked my shaving gear, made sure everything was ready, and returned to the kitchen. 

She was finishing as I entered. "You bath is prepared, my dear," I effused, and she smiled and stood. She walked to me, as if to kiss me, and dramatically passed me by, turning her head and brushing my cheek with her fingertips.

"Thank you," she said as she passed by. "My boyfriend should have called you a long time ago." She turned and grinned as she rounded the doorway into the hall.

"Actually," I called, trailing after her as she began disrobing, "he told me that I should wash you, and assist you in your preparations for the evening." She stopped and turned, looking at me as she unbuttoned her shirt, and made a satisfied face. This was her game, but I was going to get something out of it. She went into the bathroom and gasped quietly at the gentle ambience. "He told me that I should shampoo your hair, and wash you, all over." I indicated the shaving implements. "He also insisted that I groom you well. Shave your legs for you." She raised an eyebrow, a hand on one hip. "He, u-hm, also informed me that he would like your pussy shaved, and told me to be extra careful." 

"Oh, he did, did he?"

"Oh, yes," I lied. I had been after her to shave her vagina for years. She'd done it once or twice when we were younger, and I loved it, just a little strip of hair above her puffy lips. "He told me that, uh, he wants you that way whenever he comes over to fuck you." She was smirking now. "Not for me, mind you," I stammered, turning away, unable to meet her eyes and keep a straight face. "For him. He said he likes his pussy nice and smooth."

She shook her head slowly, and resumed undressing, handing me her discarded clothing. "Funny," she said, "he never mentioned it to me."

"Yes," I covered, "he mentioned it would be a surprise to you. But he, uh-m..." I faked folding her clothes, thinking quickly. "He said he wanted me to do it for him."

"Kind of a subservient thing?" she asked with a smirk, peeling her panties down, and standing naked as she handed them to me. "To put you in your place?"

"Yes, something like that, I guess. At any rate," I said, placing the clothes in a neat pile on the counter and picking up the scissors, "allow me to trim you, first." She patiently stood there, lifting her leg when I asked her to, as I carefully trimmed her pubic area, preparing it for the razor. With the longer hairs clipped, I used an electric trimmer to edge and shape, and get the tighter places cut down to stubble. 

With her pussy trimmed, she stepped into the hot water, and settled in for a soak, sipping her wine. "M-mm, I like this; this is very nice." She looked up at me and added. "I could get used to this type of treatment."

"I'll bet you could," I quipped. "Remember I am just following his directions."

"My boyfriend's directions."

"That's right." She held her head back as I poured hot water onto her head, and began shampooing her hair. I massaged her scalp as I worked the lather, and she made small, contended sounds as I worked silently, building the lather, and rinsing. I used her conditioner next. After rinsing again, I soaped up a bath puff, and began washing her shoulders and arms. She sipped wine as I worked, and continued her game.

"I hope I do well tonight," I told as I lathered her skin. "I don't want to disappoint him." I washed her back as she sat forward. "He seems to have you under his control. He must be a wonderful lover."

"He doesn't love me," she murmured. "He fucks me."

The language startled me, but I hid my surprise. Her foul mouth comes out when she's really excited and horny, but I didn't realize she was at that point yet. "Well, he must fuck you pretty good."

"M-hmm."

"For you to do what he says."

"Uhm hmm."

"I could never control you, tell you to do things, and you do it."

"It's different," she snickered. "He fucks me so good, and his cock is so big." Her head was down, and she looked up at me from the corner of her eyes, her wet hair shielding her smile. "He's bigger than you; a lot bigger. His cock feels so good when he fucks me." She stopped while I rinsed her back. "I'm my own person with you, I do what I want. But for him I'll do whatever he says."

I lifted her leg and began soaping her up, taking extra care to caress her skin as I worked. "You must really enjoy it."

"The bath?"

"No, fucking your boyfriend." My hand went between her legs, and I gently stroked her pussy. "You must like his big cock fucking your pussy." She sighed and rested her head back on the ledge, her eyes closed as I washed between her legs, slipping my hand as far back as I could reach. "Does he make you do thing? Kinky things?" I switched to her other leg.

"M-mm, yeah, he makes me do nasty, awful stuff. Things only sluts do." She opened her eyes to slits and peered at me, looking for a reaction, but I pretended I didn't notice and occupied myself on her leg. "I feel so dirty with him," she added.

"Well," I said, pretending her sexy talk didn't arouse me, "I hope you feel cleaner now." I used the small pitcher to rinse her leg, still held up in the air. Resting her heel on the edge of the tub, I refilled her wine, and fetched the shave gear.

I smoothed the shave cream on all sides of her leg after letting out some of the water from the tub, but adding a little more hot water, letting the faucet run slowly. When it was completely coated I began shaving, starting from her ankle. "You know," I said quietly, as she was resting her head against the far end of the tub, eyes closed, "I could get used to this." Remembering the game, I chirped, "I wonder what he'll suggest next time?"

I took a pause in my work to fetch a hand towel, and rolling it tightly placed it behind her neck. "Oh, thank you, sweetie," she sighed, reclosing her eyes and relaxing. And then, as an afterthought, added, "My boyfriend is so considerate, to tell you to do this."

I looked at her as I rinsed the razor, and she had a sweet half-smile, and I smiled too, but only for me. I finished her lower leg and began her thigh, lifting her leg in the air to get the back. The movement and the lowered water level exposed her trimmed sex, and I risked a glance as I resumed shaving her. Her labia looked a little puffy, and very inviting. Thinking of what was in store, my dick stirred in my pants, but I returned my focus to her grooming; going slowly, checking for missed stubble with the inside of my wrist.

After finishing the first leg, I started on the second, again taking my time as she relaxed, enjoying the silence. When the second leg was finished I rinsed her off, and asked her to raise her arms. She opened her eyes and took the razor from me.

"I'll do those," she said. "They're a little harder than legs." I watched her for a few minutes, then stood and fetched the fluffy terrycloth robe I had brought in. When she was done, I asked her stand, and I wrapped her in the robe, and instructed her to sit on the towel draped off the edge of the tub, with her legs on the outside.

"I thought you forgot for a minute," she quipped.

"Oh, no," I said sarcastically, "who am I to ignore your boyfriend's instructions?" I knelt in front of her, opening the bottom of the robe, and pushed her knees apart, exposing her wonderful pussy. I rubbed the shave cream into her stubble, making believe I wasn't just rubbing her and feeling her soft, warm lips, and the heat emanating from her center. I changed the blade, and began removing her hair, starting from the top of her tightly trimmed bush, leaving a narrow one-inch strip. I pushed her legs wider, and worked down the sides of her pussy, exposing the lips in all their hairless glory. I was really getting into this, and tried not to get too excited, for fear of nicking her sensitive skin. I went underneath as far as I could reach, then did her inside thighs where I couldn't reach when I did her legs. 

She squirmed a little when I pulled her labia apart, getting at the hairs surrounding her slit. I could feel her juices on my fingertips, and she made small grunting noises occasionally, but let me do my work. Finishing the sides, I worked my way to the top of her slit, where her clit hood stood proudly out from between her lips.

"Try to stay still, now," I cautioned, and heard her inhale as I manipulated her hood out of the way, shaving the hair from the sides, and trimming back her strip of hair so it ended about an inch above her clit.

"M-mm, that feels nice," she said. "You could give me my first orgasm right now."

"No, no; too soon," I told her. Finished, I wiped her with a wet towel, and admired my work. Her hairless crotch looked so inviting and sexy! "Wow, you boyfriend really knows what he's about," I told her. "Look how sexy your pussy is."

She looked down at herself, and gasped a little, and her hand met mine there, stroking herself. "Oh, shit, that feels good." She looked me in the eyes, with a smoky sexy gaze. "Don't you want to just fuck me now?"

I heard the urgency in her voice, the one that usually triggers me into quick action. I fought it down. "Oh, well of course I do. But I'm not allowed, remember?"

"I won't tell if you don't" she replied quickly.

"No, no way. There are rules, remember?" I grinned at her. "But I'm really going to enjoy licking you until you cum." Her eyes opened wider. "Later," I warned. "Stand up, please."

I stripped the robe from her shoulders and had her step back into the tub. I kept her standing, and facing the wall, her butt to me, and told her to bend over, lean against the wall. 

"What are you doing?" she asked, a little nervousness in her voice. 

"Front and back, that's what he told me," I said, reaching for the Nair. I smeared some on my hands, and smoothed it on the small hairs spreading out from her crack. "He said he wants no hair on your pussy or ass, honey." I squirted some into her crack and smoothed it in with a finger. I spread her cheeks a little as she grunted, making sure I got all the hairs around her tight back door, without getting any on her opening. As tight as it was held closed, I still wanted to avoid misplacing the cream.

We've never done anything anal, and her reaction to having me touch her rosebud was the same as always, an instant and determined clenching. And I didn't expect anything to change now, as she was adamant about the 'exit only' policy. But as much as I dreamed of sex with her shaved, one of my turnoffs was when we went doggie style, and all I had to look at was her hair-covered ass crack. I was taking full advantage of the game. 

With her ass coated, I checked the clock to wait, and took the opportunity to refill the wine glasses, noting she was starting her third. She'd be nice and loose on two, but after three she has a hard time reaching orgasm; she says she can't focus. So I only gave her a half. I straightened up the bathroom a little as she patiently waited for me to finish.

When enough time elapsed I took the hand nozzle from the shower and set the water temperature, and rinsed her gently with a washcloth, eliminating all the hair from her ass. Then I slipped the nozzle beneath her to rinse her shaved pussy, watching the water splashing across her wonderful hairless skin. She wriggled a little when I focused the stream on her clit, just for a few seconds. I turned off the water, and patted her dry with a big fluffy towel, admiring the new look of her ass and pussy. Her muscle had relaxed a little but still held tightly closed, while her pussy was open, flowering, and oozing with excitement. It was very inviting, and my dick got hard imagining the rest of the night. 

I turned her around and stood her sideways. I used witch hazel on her pussy and ass to prevent pimples and razor burn. It stung a little, but it's still the best skin conditioner. Then I added some aloe lotion, with vitamin E oil, and she wriggled some more as I applied it. She was really excited now, and so was I.

With her grooming complete, I helped her out of the tub and wrapped her in another fluffy towel, then led her to the bedroom, where I had prepared the massage table. We had ordered it online; as I said, she loves massages, and we do this fairly frequently, and it always ends well. I was using coconut oil, because massage oil is great, but the perfumes can be irritating, and they stay in the sheets, and they don't taste good. I had lit the candles prior, and turned on some soft, sensual music. I positioned her on the table, face down, pulled her hair out of the way, but before she relaxed, I took a few silk scarves I had purchased (I told you I went shopping, right?) and wrapped them around her head as a blindfold. I didn't want her looking around as I finished preparing her. 

Once she was settled I busied myself getting ready to begin her massage. I made a few sounds by the oil on the table as a distraction and moved quickly to the bed, shoving the pillow aside to access the toys I had purchased on my shopping excursion for this adventure. Selecting the vibrating egg and coating it with some coconut oil, I stepped to the table at my wife's hips. I slipped a hand between her legs, easing them apart, then moved it up to her pussy. I stroked her a few times, feeling the wetness spill out from between her hairless labia, until I heard her respond. I slipped a finger inside, then pulled it out. She sighed as I vacated. Then I moved the egg to her opening, and slowly slid it between her labia, into her vagina. I watched her pussy resist, then open, and accept the smooth oval. I pushed it gently inside her opening, watching her lips close around it, holding it snug, the wire disappearing inside her. 

I turned the controller on low, and she moaned. I moved to the head of the table, reached for the bottle of oil which I had placed in a bowl of hot water, and drizzled warm oil across her shoulders and down her back, and began her massage.

She's not particularly tense, ever; but she likes to be massaged, and over the years I've gotten pretty good at it. I worked the muscles in her shoulders and neck, then did her upper arms, and slowly worked my way down her back. I didn't speak to her, spending quite a bit of time working down her spine to her lower back, feeling the little bit of extra fat she's accumulated there over the years. I felt for the muscles through her skin, loosening each one, then eventually slid my hands down to the fleshy globes of her ass. 

I fondled them first, feeling the smooth, hairless skin, delighted at the absence of hair between her cheeks that look so unsightly coated in oil. I began working the large muscles, allowing my fingers to play into her crack a little, spreading her cheeks, and teasing between them. Massaging the large muscles as I spread her, I exposed her private crinkled hole.

"Does your boyfriend love your ass like I do?" I asked in a low, soothing tone. She didn't respond. "Do you let him touch you like this?" Unable to resist, despite her long-standing objections, I touched her starfish, feeling it tighten under my finger. "Does he like to touch you here, tickle your back hole? Does he tell you to give it to him, and you let him?

Her answer surprised me. 

"O-oh, yeah," she said, her voice muffled from inside the face rest. "Sometimes he slips a finger in there, and he tells me one day he's going to fuck my ass." I froze a second, astounded at her words, then massaged her back door a little more, pushing my finger at her opening. "But it's for him, not for you," she teased. 
