 My growth-spurt kicked in the summer I graduated from high-school. In three short months, my dick managed to grow from adolescent to truly MAN-SIZED proportions. One hot night in July, I found myself sitting in bed, just staring down at my very own seven-and-a-half-inch boner! With a mixture of pride and disbelief, I realized I could hardly wrap my fingers around it's rock-hard girth... My balls had grown by leaps and bounds too... they'd gotten heavier and hung lower... For the first time, I could feel their weight in my shorts when I went for my morning run. 

Yeah, needless to say, that was the summer my balls started delivering man-sized doses of testosterone as well... a run on the beach generally became an embarrassing affair, as I would invariably spot some 24-year-old girl walking in a bikini, and PROMPTLY pitch a tent! I also discovered that my newly up-scaled equipment came with wildly up-scaled rewards... I just couldn't FUCKING BELIEVE how good it felt to blow my load! The whole summer, I couldn't stop thinking about my next orgasm... I mean, I'd been jerking off since I was 'like 13 -but that summer- HOLY FUCK!

It just seemed to HIT me! The REALITY of it.. unstoppable LUST...sheer PANGS of PULSING wanton greed for release! It was like I had this monster in my pants demanding -AND GETTING- my full attention! 

I remember going home from one such run and jerking off to the fresh memory of some black bikini-babe, and almost being in TEARS for how good it felt! I MEAN IT! I couldn't help it! One minute, I was imagining this gorgeous girl's lush black tits just bouncing out of her bikini...all slippery and shiny with her sweat... the next, I was on my bed cumming all over myself! It was sheer bliss to just cum and cum and CUM! Such a relief! (A temporary relief, though. Fifteen minutes later, I'd be horny and have to do it all over again!) It took a few years for my childish mind to grow into my manhood; In the meantime, my dick truly got the better of me. 

_____

I moved in with my sister and her room mate Kelly the summer after I graduated High School. I was going to be at the same college, so it made sense- at least until I could find an apartment of my own. I didn't have a girlfriend at the time, and didn't really want to be working all summer; I liked surfing and just bumming around on the beach... That's when I had the idea of signing up to be a sperm 'donor'. They actually pay you 150 bucks per ejaculation, and they have you sign a contract that says you will visit the sperm clinic at least 3 times a week. Their only rule is that participating men abstain from ejaculating for at least 24 hours prior to visiting. It seemed easy enough; I passed their entrance examination, as I was free of STDs, and could really cum when I wanted to. (Honestly, not that hard for a horny 18 year old guy to do, especially if you shut him into a room with lingerie posters on the walls, and shelves of porno mags and DVDs! I actually felt like I'd found my calling in life! I was making bank, considering my last job was as a 5.50 per hour dish washer at a cafe!

My luck changed, though, when I made the mistake of bragging about how much I was making to my sister and Kelly. They were both in the nursing program, both single, and both extremely broke. I was helping with my share of the rent, but Kelly seemed a bit pissed-off at my apparent ease at getting through life by virtue of my dick!

"Must be nice for you. All you ever HAVE to do is JACK-OFF!" she said. My sister, who obviously didn't want to be part of the conversation, ducked out, rolling her eyes.

"Well... I mean, it's not easy all-the-time.." I explained with earnestness. "I have to hold out for a full 24 hours before going. If I ejaculate within a day, my sperm count will be down, and they'll know... they'll only pay me half as much..."

"I see. So you'd be out a little of your 'fun-money'? Poor boy."

I laughed & she sort of laughed along with me, but she never broke eye contact... boy was I in for it! The problem was that Kelly was voraciously sexual, and just never let the subject drop after that!

"You know what it seems like to me?" she said, raising one eyebrow. "It seems like you're a nice little boy who's discovered he has a very NAUGHTY toy!" 

"Um... I.. well..." 

What could I say? I guess I kind of felt that way. I mean, I always got pretty good grades in school, and was an eagle-scout and did fundraisers for the church youth-group... it just seemed kind of unbelievable to me that my penis had grown four-inches in three months, and had completely taken over my life! (Incidentally, the way Kelly kept her pretty brown eyes directed into mine had set my heart to racing... and set my manhood on the rise!)

"What do you think of? You know... when you're JERKING OFF?!"

"Well... um... they have magazines and videos...."

"Sure... but those just get you going, right?" Kelly was being rather insistent... I didn't know what she was getting at. All I knew was that I was springing a boner, standing in front of her in the living room.

"I mean, what do you fantasize about? You think about your girlfriends? What?"

"Well, I don't know... usually, I just get off looking at magazines and imagining that girls I know are..." I stopped, embarrassed. I had my hand deep in my pocket, adjusting myself. I looked down to see Kelly watching the progress of my bulge.

"Go on! Girls you know?..." 

Her eyes never left my pants.

"Well, you know. I think of girls I know... giving me... um... you know..."

"What?" She asked, brightly. "What do girls you know give you? Blow-jobs?" 

"Um... yeah..." I stammered, feeling more embarrassed. "Blow Jobs." Kelly smiled and shrugged, seeming satisfied.

"Sounds nice! Blow-jobs are good all-around fun!" She grinned and kind of chuckled, seeming very amused. She got up from the couch and kind of waltzed to the doorway. She put her hands on the door frame and kind of stretched her whole body... she was a classical dancer. I admired the way her back seemed to arch back so gracefully, how tall and proportioned she was... I hadn't really noticed before... she was latino and had beautiful coffee-colored skin. 

"Well, how about this... next time you're down at your beach doing a little girl-watching, think about this little fact: By the time most girls are 20, chances are that they've had at least one HARD DICK in their mouth! If you spot a girl who's, say, 28 or 29, I GUARANTEE she's sucked her some COCK! It's a sure thing that some guy she knows lost all control, and blew his fucking-load in her mouth. Just a little food for thought!" 

I just kind of gulped nervously, feeling my member starting to throb with the beat of my racing heart...

"Oh, don't be shy, Steven! You shouldn't be shocked by any of this. Your deepest fantasies happen to be a FACT-OF-LIFE!" She turned to walk out. "Believe me, I know!" She grinned, and ducked into the hallway. 

___

For some reason, what she'd said had never occurred to me... but once brought to my attention, I discovered it was IMPOSSIBLE not to imagine girls I saw sucking dick! It was like a drug! 

I went to the grocery store to buy a bottle of water. The blond check-out girl was kind of cute. Probably 19 or 20. I would have just checked her out and not given her a second thought, but the second I imagined her sucking on a big-fat-dick, I popped an instant boner!

I filled up my car at the gas station, and spotted four girls in a VW van next to mine. They were all dressed in various warm-weather outfits.. low cut, high hems. They looked like college girls in their early 20s. They were obviously on some kind of summer road-trip across the country... sucking cock at every occasion, I imagined! 

I went to the beach to go surfing, but ended up just going home... There had been a beach-volleyball tournament going on, and I was just embarrassingly sprung -I watched these tan girls in tiny bikinis...tight legs.. oily tits bouncing... and I just had this vivid picture of 

each of these girls sucking on dicks... I realized I was getting so fucking horny I was probably going to blow my load... I had to get out of there!

___

That night, I passed Kelly in the hallway after I brushed my teeth.

"Good night, Steven. BIG day at work tomorrow? Remember, no matter what, don't JACK OFF!" 

"Good night.. Kelly...?" What was her problem! Wasn't it bad enough that I had chronic blue-balls half the time since I started my new job?

I settled in for the night like usual. I could hear Kelly playing music in her room on the other side of my wall... The music got softer, and switched to something kind of rhythmic.. drum beats throbbing, and a deep male voice... then I started to make out Kelly.. first a little whimper, then a moan...

"Oh! OHHHH!... oh FUCK!.....oh, STEVEN-YES!... FUUUUUUUUCK!"

She moaned again and I could her her gasping, and heard her bed springs creaking... I sat up in bed, aroused as FUCK, listening.. I could make out the intermittent buzzing of a vibrator! My dick was like a concrete post in my boxers. I gripped the head of the bed and forced myself NOT to touch!

Willpower... willpower... willpower...

_____

The next morning, my sister was out the door early, and I sat in the kitchen eating cereal. Kelly emerged from her bedroom wearing just her panties and a tight little pink shirt... her breasts were high and firm on her chest, he nipples poking through the fabric.. I could clearly make out darker circles around them... GOD she was hot!

She smiled at me and went into the shower, not saying a word. I was still eating, and gazing in generally the same direction when she came out. Her dark hair was wet and her tall beautiful body was naked except for a towel wrapped around her middle.

"Well, I have to go! See you later!" I mumbled, getting up. My appointment was in half an hour, and I was meeting some friends at the beach later. 

"Steven, can you come here for a second?" I heard her say from her room. 

"Ok, but I seriously have to go... I have my appointment and then..."

Just as I reached out to open her door, she suddenly opened it from the inside. She was wearing a tight black bikini top and NO bottoms... she was completely shaved between her legs... I gulped, feeling my dick tightening upward in my shorts!

"I put this top on for you." She said, her voice pleasant and matter-of-fact.

She turned around and walked to her bed... I just stared at her bare hips as she walked... the perfect little dimples over her ass cheeks...the beautiful line of her back.. her PERFECT round tight ass... her long naked tan legs...

She knelt on her bed, and leaned forward to pull the blinds closed... the room was shady with sharp horizontal lines of light cutting over her body. 

"Come here. I want to show you something" She said, looking back at me. She was on all fours on her bed... her ass was perked up in the air, her legs apart slightly... I had a perfect view of the parted lips of her pussy...I took a few steps in her direction and stammered.

"Kelly, I..." God she was beautiful! She was 25 like my sister... I'd never seen anything so sexy...and so up-close! 

"Take off your pants." 

She didn't have to tell me twice! 

"You know what I think?"

"W...what?" I gulped, standing helpless at the foot of her bed, my dick standing up in the air... it looked taller and harder than I ever remembered it being!

"I think you have an ENORMOUS cock."

I gulped again, not sure what to do next.

"You know what else I think?" Kelly said, raising her eyebrow devilishly...her ass up in the air... the lips of her vagina parting..glistening and wet...

"I think your ENORMOUS cock would like to be somewhere.... 

...deep... 

...and slippery...

...and.... TIGHT.

Put your hands on my hips."

I did as she said, and watched in childish awe as she smoothly backed up... I watched the head of my cock disappear...then my shaft.... felt her push back until I was entirely inside! I'd never actually fucked before that, and it just totally blew my mind how hot and slick and tight she felt... Then she moved forward, and I re-emerged...slippery and shining and wet...

...I instantly shot three giant streamers of cum up her back!

"Oh, SHIT! Kelly, I forgot... I... I..."

"Oh, I didn't forget...now, what were you about to say?"

"Oh! OHHHH! FUUUUCK!!!" And my balls blew the very last drop of my paycheck! I wasn't able to cum at all at my appointment that afternoon...

_____

"Poor boy. I can't help feeling like it's all my fault!" she said later that night, mockingly. I slammed my door in frustration. I was fucking horny as hell again, and wanted her. My dick wouldn't stop throbbing, and it was sheer torture to hear her working her vibrator again that night! I was good, though. I was determined to hold out for my paycheck for the next afternoon... 

She was sitting on the couch when I emerged from my room in the morning... my sister had already gone, and Kelly was studying for a test. 

Kelly was not wearing a shirt. 

She was not wearing a bra either.

I ate breakfast as quickly as I could, trying to avoid her eyes, and grins she kept beaming my way. 

"When you're done over there, come here for a second." she said, brightly.

I tried my best to ignore her, but eventually just ended up staring at her tits...

"You know, I've been reading about the male reproductive system. It says right here that frequent ejaculation... FREQUENT ejaculation... is key to good prostate health. It also says that withholding ejaculation after physical arousal can lead to uncomfortable congestion...."

"Ahem.. c...congestion?" I stammered, trying to sound intelligent.

"You may have heard it referred to as 'blue-balls?' Whatever the name, it is... uncomfortable for a man. Are you... congested, Steven?"

"I... um..." I couldn't look away from her gorgeous tits... I had the worst blue-balls of my life, and my boner was raging in full-form!

"Jesus, Steven... I can see your hard-on from here! You know, from the size of your testes... and yes, I noticed their SIZE yesterday... I would guess they are actually producing an EXCESSIVE sperm-count for you these days... you're what... eighteen?"

"Um... yeah.. I'm eighteen... I um..."

"Yeah...." Kelly closed her book, and casually slid off the couch. She gracefully strolled over to my side of the table, letting her fingers trace a line across my shoulders.

"In your sexual prime...the other thing your testes are doing for you is producing male sex-hormone. In your case, again, I'm guessing they're producing a LOT for you! Do you notice any PROFOUND sexual URGES these days, Steven?

I gulped... I had a quivering-shivering nervous sensation in my chest, spreading down my arms... my legs shivered... I felt my dick uncontrollably tighten even more... I could sense it was dripping slightly at its tip... Kelly was standing at my side, her tits at eye-level.. she looked down at me with her dark eyes, and smiled!

"I can't even imagine what it must be like to be a MAN with such HUGE gonads, Steven ...making so MUCH sperm, and filling his brain with SO MUCH testosterone that all he can think about is sex!" Kelly knelt down by the table, turning my knees toward her... in one move, she slipped my shorts down around my ankles.

She wasted no time! Her pink pointed tongue licked around my tight blue balls... I watched as seven inches of me disappeared into her deep, hot mouth! 

It was true.. what she said... my overzealous gonads had been working overtime, and my cock had stood at attention for every chance to deliver! ...the sudden and SHOCKING orgasm I had in Kelly's mouth was simply my reward for letting nature take its course! 

I spent the next five minutes panting and wiping away tears of joy... I was dizzy and weak in the knees... It was becoming painfully obvious that I had to avoid Kelly if I wanted to make rent that month! 

_____

The next morning I was dressed before she came out of her room.

"I looked at your schedule" she said, emerging clothed in her nursing gown. "You are working tomorrow, I see."

"Um... yes. Kelly, look.. I really like you and all..."

"So... you know what THAT means... the fact that you're supposed to be working tomorrow..." She swayed to one side, her sexy hips showing over her cute scrubs.

"Kelly, I haven't been able to WORK all week! Please.. just this once, leave me alone... just tonight! Please!"

She just raised her eyebrows again, and smiled brightly on her way out the door.

"We'll see!"

_____

That evening, I went directly to my room and closed the door. I was pouting. I was SO FUCKING HORNY and she KNEW it! I mean SHIT! She had been lounging around the house in her bra and short skirt just waiting for me to get home! I wanted to get out of there, but where could I go? What would I do?

"Steven..." she said, knocking on my door "I'm sorry! I didn't mean to tease you. I know this job means a LOT to you... Steven?"

"Kelly, it's ok. I'm just going to go to sleep, ok? Good night."

"Steven. Listen. I just want you to do one thing, and then I PROMISE I'll leave you alone, ok?"

"Ok. Whatever. As long as it doesn't involve..."

"Steven, I want you to fuck me up my skirt on your sister's bed. Just once..."

...And so that's what I did! It was like she finally broke my will to resist! Many an afternoon passed with Kelly tossing and turning on the end of my cock! I mean SERIOUSLY, DAMNIT! By the end of the month, I blasted probably two-thousand bucks of my cum up her fucking CUNT! Her tight-hot-slippery-insatiable cunt... She was a fucking whore. My whore! 

One time, my sister came home, and Kelly was straddling me on the couch in the living room... just buck-naked, bouncing on my cock... I had hold of her ass and was just just rocking with her, licking her tits... my boxers still tangled around my ankles... My sister just shielded her eyes and rushed through to the hallway! 

"OH FUUUUCK!!!" Kelly had started orgasming again... she was obviously enjoying her control over me. I just closed my eyes and felt my fucking-monster start pumping more of my income up into the prison between her legs...DAMN IT!!!

___

The week rent was due, I settled in. Tried to clear my mind. I would force celibacy on myself NO-MATTER-WHAT. I was so determined, I bought ear-plugs for the nights, and rushed out without breakfast in the mornings. It seemed to work! Once... twice.. three times it worked... my thoughts of her at the clinic actually worked to my advantage for once! I went to sleep in a haze the fourth night, knowing I would make rent and bills if I held on for just one-more-night...

1:30 AM. The city was asleep.

The bed spread softly lifted away...

1:32 AM. A fire engine sounded somewhere off across the city.

The sound of a kitten lapping milk began in my darkened room...

1:45 AM. A dog barked in the yard across the alley.

The licking-kitty sound had persisted... had grown... something else had also GROWN! The soft lapping gradually became an unmistakable lip-smacking sound... SLURP SLURP SLURP.... sLUUUUUURP!!!!!

I sat up in bed gasping! I reached instinctively for my goods... instead, my hands found Kelly's pigtails! Her head was bouncing and bobbing in my lap, my dick already deeply suckled by her swirling tongue...

It was already too late! She'd coaxed me to a full erection in my sleep, and sucked me STUPID before I could even say a THING!

"Kelly! NOOOOOO!!...." I struggled to sit up, feeling the old familiar pangs of passing the 'point of no-return'.

My body began to deliver... all at once, OVER and OVER and OVER... her hands cradled my nuts, her tongue slipping around and around in the dark...

When I finally switched on my lamp, Kelly's lips were still wrapped around just the head of my penis. She sat up, her lips slipped off with a little smack... she just smiled sweetly, her lips closed, and she swallowed...
