 You close your eyes and your fantasy begins...

You had been working outside in the garden all day. You were hot and sweaty and needed a shower. You step out of the shower and towel off. You walk to your bedroom to dress, your towel wrapped tightly around you. You enter your room. Candles are light and the smell of vanilla fills the air. I smile and greet you and lead you to your bed.

You loosen your towel and lie down on your stomach, covering your backside as you do. My hands gently touch your feet. A slow rhythmic touch.

I slowly work my way up one leg, my hand slipping under the towel and down the other leg to focus on your other foot. You lie there limp, totally relaxed.

I slowly drag my fingertips up your legs. Goosebumps form on your skin. I pull your towel down a bit exposing your back. My hands start to work their magic, slowly massaging out the tension. You sigh. It feels good but you want something else.

You reach back and completely remove your towel. You spread your ass wide for me exposing your pink little hole. You hold yourself wide for me as I place a kiss on each side of your wondrous ass. You lift yourself slightly off the bed. I can tell you've had enough. I slowly let my fingers wonder and tease your ass. My touch cause you to tense up. A sharp wave of pleasure course through your body.

"Lick me," you command. And I obey. My tongue teases your ass. Your eyes close tightly. My gently licking causes you to buck uncontrollably. The sensation you are getting from having your ass teased has your pussy dripping and twitching. You need more.

You turn over. Every inch of you screams for attention. You nipples are erect and ache. They need touched, they need teased. 

You pull me to you and kiss me deeply, your tongue teasing mine. You break our embrace and guide me to your breast. I cup one with my hand and guide it to my mouth enveloping your nipple and suckling like a newborn baby. You moan with pleasure.

My other hand slowly makes it way down your body. Your clit is swollen with excitement. I draw circles around it. My finger moves easily with your wetness. You put your hand on mine, guiding it over your aching pussy. You need something in there. My fingers slide easily in. You lift of the bed. Such a wonderful feeling.

You pull me to you again and kiss me before pushing me to your aching clit. My fingers continue to tease your pussy as I gently suck it. You grind against me, you want to cum.

You reach your peak and cum with amazing force. Your pussy squirts all over me, covering me with your wetness! I slowly remove my fingers as you calm down a bit. You still need fucked.

You pull me to you and kiss me. Your hand reaches for my cock. It jumps at your touch. A long sting of precum hangs from the end. You guide it to your aching, cock hungry pussy.

In one slow deliberate movement I'm in you. Your pussy stretched tight, filled completely.

I fuck you slowly looking deeply in your eyes. I can see the pleasure in them.

"Fuck me harder," you whisper. 

I smile and continue at the tormentingly slow pace.

Your hand wanders back to your clit, you rub it furiously as I slowly fuck you. You want to cum on me.

I can tell you are close as you start rubbing faster and faster. I'm close too, I can feel it welling up inside of me.

"Oh fuck, I'm going to cum," you scream. That's all I need to hear. My balls tighten and my cock begins to twitch as I fill you. Your pussy spasms as you cum, pulling my cum deep in you, milking every last drop from my cock.

We kiss as we try to catch our breath. I slowly pull my still hard cock from you. My cum spills from you like water from a broken dam.

Your hand wanders to your pussy, you can feel how much is there. You smile devilishly as you push my head to your cum filled pussy. There is still plenty in there. And you want it.

Without hesitation I go down on you, cleaning up what has spilled out. I know how badly you want it, but I know there is more. I swallow, savoring the taste of us. You look disappointed.

"Straddle me," I tell you.

You get on your knees and straddle my awaiting mouth. You spread your pussy. Your eyes are wide with astonishment when you see how much cum pours out into my mouth. I knew it was there, I knew how much came out of me. I lap up every last drop and guide you off of me.

You grab me, you want it, and I'm more than happy to share. I force my mouthful of cum into yours as you kiss me. You swallow and break our embrace. You use your finger to wipe the small amount that has escaped from the corners of your mouth. You hold your finger out and I suck it clean.

"Mmm," you coo. "That was just what I needed after a long day of working outside!"