 My life seemed to be at a stand still. No emotions to show to anyone. No one to love as I had loved once before. I had given up on loving anyone with emotions strong enough that I could truly say I was in-love with them. 

Standing in the bar chatting with friends, we begin to talk and joke around. We poke fun at each other like old friends would. We shared happenings in our lives like we had known each other for years. It was time to call it a night for me. I really did not want to go. I had to though. I needed to get back home to my children. 

We made plans to meet again at the bar. I gave him a hug bye and his lips found mine. I felt something then that I had never felt before. There as a spark that sent a tingle down into my toes. That short, simple, sweet kiss from him left the first imprint on my heart.

Finally the time had arrived for me to see him at the bar again. All night he stayed by my side. I was not use to someone so attentive. I was not use to someone who showed me so much affection yet knew so little about me. This man was like no other I had ever met before.

He would gently kiss my hand. His sweet lips touching mine would easily make me melt in my set. I wanted to be in his arms. I could feel things inside me that I had not felt in a long time. I could feel the passion and desire for more of his touch starting to build. The night was coming to an end. All that was in my thoughts was him and his caressing touch. I wanted more of him then the feeling of his hand on mine. More then just the touch of his luscious lips pressed against mine.

We decided to leave the bar together. Our night together was far from over. We drove for what seemed to be hours before finally reaching our private place together. We talked as we drove. Getting to know each other a little better. Getting to know each other's thought on topics important to us. Without thinking we were asking questions and finding out answers to see if we would ever have a future. We had so much in common. We had the same outlook on life. We had the same goals and dreams. We had the same look in our eyes toward each other. It was a look of more then just passion.

At last we arrive; night air cool and crisp. The sky outside was clear with the moon shinning bright. We walked inside with my heart already bounding inside my chest. I was not sure if I knew what I was doing. I begin to think that I was making a mistake. I did not want another one-night stand. I knew we could have something special. 

I feared letting things between us move at such a rapid pace would make him think poorly of me. A one-night stand is all it would be. I would only hold him in my arms this one night. I wanted to feel his muscular naked body against mine. I wanted to feel him thrusting deep inside me. I did not want to lose something I had just found. The concept of another quick fuck was not something I was willing to endure.

Without thinking about it, we found ourselves in the bedroom laying side by side on the bed. Embraced in each other's arms he started kissing me passionately. As his hands begin to caress my body, my heart pounded inside my chest. Thoughts of his warm lips gently kissing my neck ran through my mind. The simple perceptions turned into images of my nipples inside his fiery mouth as he sucked my silky breast. I quickly pushed the images away as well as him. I could not allow him to go any further. 

My body wanted so much more. My morals and emotions would not allow it. My morals were getting in the way of the longing that my body was feeling. I explained my morals, emotions and feelings to him. He understood and respected them. We lay there kissing. Each kiss became more lascivious as well as more intense. My body began to ache for the touch of his warm hands on my bare skin. I wanted to feel the heat of his bare body against mine.

As the late night hours turned into early morning hours, my hands begin to wonder across his firm, toned body. His smooth, warm hands slid under my shirt and fondled my breast. My whole body tensed for want of more. I allowed myself to explore his body with my hands. Rubbing my hands over his taunt skin. Feeling the warmth of his bare back and exposed chest my body begin the to twitch. The feeling of my fingers running through his soft chest hair, allowing them to follow the hair downward toward the stiffness in his briefs, was almost more than I could stand.. 

His hands were caressing my toned stomach, silky breast, and smooth back. Our lips never seemed to lose contact with the other's body. My body was aching with want for him. I could feel the throb of yearning in my pussy. I wanted him inside me. My hands slid across the firmness in his briefs. His dick was hard and it jumped with my touch. I could not give in to him. I could not allow myself to give into lust again. I wanted to find true love with someone. I did not want to confuse lust with love again. I hurt too many before with saying words that were not true. I stopped, pushing him away once more. He backed away, removing his hands from under my shirt. We lay there talking and kissing.

We begin to play around; tickling, wrestling, and laughing. We begin to kiss again with erotic desire as intense as before. I allowed him to remove my shirt as he kissed his way down my neck to my sleek breast. My nipples were hard with excitement and longing for the warmth of his wet mouth. My back arched, my head fell back, my body went limp as his warm, wet mouth enveloped my erect nipple. My body surged with passion. I felt my pussy throb as it became wetter with passion. 

His lips once again found mine as he lay his firm body down on top of me. I could feel his heart's repetition inside my chest. He pressed his hips down onto mine. Through our clothes I could feel his hard rod pressing against my wet pussy. I could feel the juices inside my pussy begin to flow again. I rolled us over with me on top of him as I begin to kiss his chest. I kissed my way down his chest to his stomach then his rigid cock. Through his briefs I wrapped my lips around his hard dick blowing warm air onto it. I felt it jump with excitement as his body went limp. I sat up on the bed and smiled. He grabbed me and kissed me lustfully as he laid me back down on the bed. We teased each other with me stopping just when things would get too tense.

The night sky was starting to lighten. The morning sun was on the rise. I knew our time together was coming to an end. I did not want this dream to be over. I wanted more. I wanted him. The passion, wanting and yearning of my body had me confused. I did not know what to do. Should I allow this to go on or should I stop?

His hands found their way into my shorts. My body tensed with want then relaxed as he slid his finger in my moistened pussy. The warmth of his finger inside my tight pussy caused my body to saturate his finger with my juices. I longed for more but stopped him. I laid him down on the bed and begin to kiss him. I slid his briefs down off his hard cock. I kissed and licked his dick as I caressed it with my hand. I could feel his body relax as he allowed me to take him into my damp mouth. I could hear his breath deepen as I begin to suck on his sweet, throbbing cock. I slid my hands across his nuts as I felt his body tighten. I quickly stopped. I slid my body back up his naked torso. Pushing my shorts to one side I begin to rub my drenched pussy against his wanting dick. I quickly laid on my back on the other side of the bed.

I knew I wanted to and yet knew I couldn't allow myself to. He climbed on top of me with a devilish, sly smile. I felt him slide his pulsating dick against the dampened lips of my pussy. My pussy throbbed with pain and desire to feel his dick inside…inside me. I told him to stop but he continued to fondle the opening of my pussy with the soft, velvety head of his rigid dick. His head teased my pussy making it twitch in anticipation as it coated his head with my flowing juices. Rubbing his hard cock against my clit I could feel my pussy swelling with flaming desire. I pushed him back telling him I couldn't do it. I had to stop. 

He laid on the bed next to me. We kissed passionately with yearning and wanting inside both of us. He turned over to get comfortable with his back toward me. I could sense the frustration in him. I could tell he was both sexually and mentally frustrated from the events of the night. The sun was coming up in the early morning sky. I could see it starting to peer through the window above the bed. I snuggled up to his back noticing a difference in his breathing. He was falling asleep and was frustrated with me. My body was still aching with desire for him. I left his side to think in private.

Thoughts of him laying in bed raced through my mind. I wanted his body against mine. I wanted to feel him inside me. The only problem was I did not want it for just one night. I wanted him for the rest of my life. My heart pounded with emotions of desire and lust. Other emotion for him where there. I found myself feeling things for him I did not think I would ever feel again. That was it, I was going to give myself to him. 

Climbing back into bed, I begin to kiss his back. He turned over smiling at me. Taking me into his arms we begin to kiss more erotically then ever. I began kissing his neck working down toward his growing cock. As I took him into my warm, damp mouth I could feel his cock getting harder with every suck. I ran my finger nails over his thighs pressing them slightly into his flesh. I felt his body tense with plesure. I contiuned to suck on his hard dick pausing to kiss the head. I would return to fully enveloping his throbling cock in my mouth. In return, I would pause again to run my toungue up and down his swollowen shaft allow my toungue ring to press into it. I would lick down the shaft to his nuts and gently take them into my mouth as I would lightly suck on them. Taking care not to cause any pain. Then I would return to licking his stiff shaft up to the head to allow him to pop into the wetness of my hot mouth. Hearing him release a sigh each time his hard membrane would return into the moist heat of my waiting mouth. Genlty my teeth would run up his shaft just to slide it back deep into the back of my mouth allow my toungue to push him against the roof of my mouth. I felt the heat of his hand as he began to stroke my breast. I felt his finger tips pinch my nipples between them as my body longed for more. I climbed back on top of him. We begin kissing intensely with our body pressed firmly against each other. 

My body went limp as he began to kiss my neck down toward my breast. He took my erect nipple into his wet, hot mouth. As I felt the moist, warmth of his mouth I could feel the juices in my pussy begin to flow across the lips of my passion-swollen pussy. He gently rolled me over onto my back as his laid his body against my side. Kissing across my smooth, silky breast he caressed my body working his way down toward my waistline. 

He slid my shorts off me as he began to run his hands over my wet pussy. My pussy tightened in pleasure as he penetrated one finger inside the moisture. I could feel the pressure of the palm of his hand against my clit as his finger thrust inside my pulsating pussy. I allowed my hands to once again find his hard cock as I begin to kiss him. I stroked the head of his thick cock and he drove his finger deeper inside me. I could feel my juices coating his finger as he began to able pressure to my g-spot. Unable to stand it anymore I pushed his hand away before I came in his palm. He moved my hand away as he climbed onto my shaking body. He slowly slid his stiff, throbbing dick into the wetness of my pulsating tight pussy. My body shivered in relief as my pussy released a heavy flow of cum onto his wanting dick.

I caressed his back as he drove himself deeper into my welcoming pussy. He pushed harder into my pussy. I gladly brought my legs up under his arms to open my legs wider allowing him easier entrance. As he thrust harder into my wet pussy I begin to sink my fingernails into his flesh. Pushing my body upward to meet his downward thrust I could feel his body getting tenser as he picked up pace in his thrust. I began to moan as I felt him throb inside me. I could not take it any longer. The presser inside was unbearable. I felt my fingernails sinking into the flesh of his back as I let out a scream of pleasure. My body tensed and began to shiver, as I felt warm, wet juices run out of my soaked, swollen pussy. 

I could fell his warm cum gush inside of me with each throb. He grabbed my arms pushing them to the bed as he rammed deeper inside me causing another scream of pleasure to escape from under my heavy breathing. Our warm juices began to run out of my drenched pussy over my swollen lips. I shivered as he laid on top of me kissing me with a passion I had never felt before.

We lay there staring into each other’s eyes. At that moment I know this would not be a one-night stand. There was a bond made between us that evening that I have never felt with anyone else. We went to the bathroom to shower together. He washed my body down as the water relaxed my still tense muscles. After the shower we talked and kissed. At last our night was ending and it was time to go. The morning sun was shinning high in the sky. I was sad and unsure what to say. I did not want to leave his side. Till this day, I never want to leave his side.