 I kneel at your feet, my hands on your knees, slowly spreading your legs apart. I slide my hands up your thighs and rub the bulge in your jeans in front of me. I look up at you and smile as I undo the button, then look down while I unzip your fly. This is going to be so fun.

I pull on the elastic band of your shorts, revealing the head of your cock. It's getting hard already, and a tingle runs through my body knowing how much you want me. I hold onto the shaft and pull it toward my eager lips, and plant a kiss on the tip of your cock... then another kiss... then the kiss turns French and my tongue swirls around the head. Then another soft kiss. I know you want more, but don't worry... the teasing won't last long. More kisses, then my mouth surrounds the head of your cock once more.

I reach up with both hands to the edge of your jeans and pull slightly. You take the hint and raise your hips to help get your pants off. Reluctantly, I lean back. You stand in front of me as you push your jeans down your thighs. My hands drop to my waist and I slowly lift my top up and over my head as you strip.

I help pull your shorts and jeans off your feet and you step out of them. My eyes widen at the sight of your cock... it's so beautiful. With one hand I reach around and grab onto your ass, and with the other I take the base of your cock in hand and rub the head over the side of my face, looking up at you and smiling.

"Sit down, baby," I suggest. My body leans forward as you slowly lay back in your chair, continuing to rub your cock over my face and lips. My soft breasts hang beneath me and brush against the inside of your thighs as I take your luscious cock into my mouth.

"Mmmmmmmm..." I look up into your eyes long enough to say, "I love your cock," and surround it with my lips. As I suck I feel it against the inside of my cheeks. The warm saliva in my mouth begins to flow and the slightly salty, sweaty taste of your penis is heavenly. I close my eyes and face straight down, bobbing up and down on you.

Your cock slides into my mouth... in... and out... in... and out... I can't get enough! My grip around the base of your cock tightens as my head bobs down... and up your cock... down... and up... in... and out... in... and out... I pull my face off your cock. Licking the head, I pull your cock down and tilt my head back so my neck straightens out.

I open my eyes then, slowly, as I lean forward my hand lets go and your cock enters my mouth, my throat opens and I impale myself upon you. Your pubic hair tickles my nose as I feel the entire shaft of your cock in my mouth, the head inside my neck. After a few seconds, I slowly let it back out. As I take a breath through my nostrils the scent of you begs me for more. Back into my throat you go, my chin between your balls, my nose again in your hair. I hold for a few more seconds, then slide back to breathe, then take you once again. Your cock enters my throat nearly a dozen times when my facial muscles tell me I need a short break.

My hand regains its grip on your shaft, this time pointing it straight up toward your face, and I lick over your right testicle. I slowly and carefully take it into my soft mouth and lick all over it. I then do the same for your left. I remove it and playfully lick figure-eights around your balls... up between them... down the right... up between them... down the left... up... down the right... up... down the left... and up, ever so slowly to the base of your cock. As I lick up the shaft of your cock, ready to finish you off, I look at your face, smile, and ask, "Want to cum on my face, baby?" 

I sweep the hair away from my face and over my ears, readying myself for your orgasm. My fingers tighten around the base of your cock and my thumb presses down just above your balls. I slide my face down on you, sucking in with my cheeks. My mouth is partially full with saliva. Up... and down... up... and down... From the way you breathe and the throbbing of your cock I get a sense of the pace you like best, and continue sucking your penis. You feel the soft warmth of my wet mouth as it goes in... and out... in... and out....

Your breathing changes ever so slightly. I know you're close, honey. It's time for the oral move that's never failed me since I learned it in college. My face goes down on you once again. This time, though, as I slide up, before bobbing back I swirl my tongue around the head of your cock. You feel my tongue all over you as your cock goes in... out... and swirl... in... out... and swirl.

It doesn't take long, and I'm ready for my reward. In... out... and swirl... in... out... and swirl. The girth of your cock expands in my mouth a half-second before you start cumming. My tongue is swirling around your cock as the first glorious squirt of your cum fills my mouth. I immediately pop off your cock, pull it downward as I lean back and point it straight at my mouth. Shot number two hits my open lips and off down the right side of my chin. I close my eyes and start jerking on your cock as it splashes gooey cum all over my right cheek in all directions. As I continue stroking it shoots on the side of my nose. I pull it over to the left side of my face and feel shots five and six on my cheek, temple, ear, and into my hair. I turn my head and caress your softening cock over my right cheek as the last few drops dribble and ooze out. When the throbbing stops, I turn back to the tip of your penis and lick off the last of the cum from you.

I look up at you and smile, my face splattered white with your cooling salty cream. I'm sure I look a mess, but I'm a sexy mess. I'm filled with a sense of pride and I feel my nipples stiffen. Finally releasing your cock, I use my fingers to sweep the cum off my cheeks toward my waiting tongue. I kiss your belly and wipe my face into it. I continue kissing upward... pausing to lick over your nipples, then up to your neck as I feel your arms tighten over my naked back. I feel so happy knowing you're content.