 ***Please note: Though written in the first person, I've NEVER cheated on my spouse, this story is based on a DREAM!!!***

I was standing in my kitchen slicing up some fresh fruit, when the text message came through:

"Hey sexy lady! You should totally check this song out that I'm going to link up." 

As I read the message from Glenn, I couldn't help but smile. I listened to the song, and afterwards replied: "You make my heart all floppy & fuzzy when you say & do such sweet things baby!" 

"LOL floppy and fuzzy! I love it!" came the quick reply.

I think about how just a short time ago I was online playing a game of Lexulous, and I ran across Glenn's request for a game. I quickly snatched up the game, and we struck up a casual conversation. I shared that I was a military wife, and that my husband was deployed to Iraq. 

One day during a game, I got a message that said "You make me think of someone that I use to know named Sarah, she was a military wife that stole my heart." 

I casually replied "Oh well this is interesting, I use to know a guy named Glenn who was also military. What happened to your friend Sarah?" 

"Well she ended up getting married, and I lost track of her, but I never have forgotten her." he commented. 

Not thinking anything more, I quickly replied "Well perhaps one day fate will allow you to meet each other again."

Glenn knew all to well the loneliness that I was experiencing and shared that he had recently retired from the US Navy. At first we would just casually chat in the online game that we played, but pretty soon we had swapped numbers and we would flirt like crazy via text message! There were also those times where we would call each other and we knew that together we would find mutual release, albeit distantly. 

I knew if I replied that I would have to change the tone - mainly so I could focus! I might be married, but Glenn is such an intense distraction for me! The mere sound of his voice turns me on and arouses me -and he's also said the same about my voice! He's incredibly brilliant, especially with computers; he's funny, charming, and such a flirt! 

In replying I casually changed the tone, and inquired: "Any plans for tomorrow?" 

Thankfully the casual tone of the text I sent him carried through in his reply, "Well I'm supposed to go to some friends to fix their computer! How about you?" 

"I'm going to my high school reunion picnic and I'm just doing some last minute stuff before bed." I replied.

He quickly answered: "Well, Roger that, I'll let you go. Talk to you later! Love you!" 

In a matter of minutes I was finished slicing up the fruit, and headed upstairs to undress and shower. I turned on the warm water, and stepped into the shower, allowing it to flow over my body. I took my body gel and started soaping up my body, and thought back to years earlier when on my wedding day I gave my virginity to a guy named Glenn. 

I began to softly moan and closed my eyes, as the water caressed every angle of my body, running down my breasts, stomach and legs. I thought of Glenn, I imagined his hands running up my body and thought of his lips on mine. I shuddered as I imagined what it would be like to have his hands slowly touching my body, tracing the curve of my hip, the length of my legs and ultimately what it would be like to have him make love to me.

I slowly slid my hand between my legs and felt the slick wetness that was just further proof of how much of an impact his single flirtatious text message had caused. A soft sigh escaped from my lips as I slowly inserted a finger inside, all the while imagining it was Glenn's finger, stroking me to orgasm. 

I began to moan as the sensations raced through my body. I couldn't help but cry out his name as my orgasm became stronger.

"Ahhhhhhh oh Glenn, baby I want you!" I moaned with my eyes shut tightly. My mouth filling with splashes of water as I cried his name over and over, and bucked my hips. My intense cries slowly became moans of satisfaction, as the water continued running down my body. I finally felt the water temperature start to grow cold, and I reached to turn off the water before I carefully stepped out of the shower.

After getting out of the shower, and drying off, I picked the outfit that I planned on wearing to the picnic the next day. I finally settled on a denim jacket, a white tank top that had a softly squared neckline that was edged in lace, and a straight denim skirt. While the outfit was certainly casual it was one of my favorites! The tank top gave a hint of my cleavage, and the skirt had a front slit that ended at my knees. 

Naturally when I wore this outfit, I got plenty of appreciative glances from men. It wasn't until I sat down, that those appreciative glances turned to glances of desire, as the slit edged up to the middle of my thighs, showing off my long legs, and teased them into thoughts of what lay under the remainder of the fabric.

Climbing into bed, I pulled the bed sheets up around my body, I sighed in deep contentment as I felt the cool sheets hit my soft, silky smooth skin. My hand slowly traced the curve of my hip, before I moved my hand to run along my inner thighs, until once more I moved my hand up to feel my swollen clit. I slowly dipped my finger lower, sliding it inside my warm wet center, stroking my velvet walls. Slowly I lifted my finger up to my mouth, licking off the wetness "Mmm so sweet like tropical fruit mixed with peach." I thought. I kept on thinking of Glenn, and in a matter of minutes I slowly drifted off to sleep.

I felt myself slowly stirring, and in a few moments I heard the undeniable audio alarm clock "Beep, Beep, Beep. It's time to get up." I groaned as I heard this obnoxious voice, and suddenly wished I could've been woken up by a kiss, a phone call from a friend, or at the very least one of Glenn's often sensual text messages.

I quickly got dressed, and lightly misted on some perfume, and did my makeup. "Where has the time gone" I thought as I looked at the clock and quickly rushed downstairs, grabbed the picnic items and headed out the door. 

Settling into my car, I put on my seat belt, turned on my music and started the 45 minute drive to the picnic. It wouldn't start for another four hours, but I had agreed to get there early to help set up the decorations, and games. 

"Today is absolutely incredible!" I thought as I was driving along, wind whipping through my hair. I had been anticipating this day for a few months, and was looking forward to becoming re-acquainted with my former classmates at the reunion. The events were being kept to a minimum and today was the picnic. Those attending had each agreed to bring something that could be shared. I decided to bring an assortment of fresh fruit, cheese, crackers, and a cooler filled with assorted beverages. 

Twenty minutes into the drive, I felt the shuddering of my car. I quickly glanced down and couldn't believe it. I was out of gas! I was so engrossed listening to my music that I didn't think to even check the gas gauge! Now I was stranded, and there was not a gas station close by at all! 

I quickly grabbed my cell phone and tried calling a few friends, but no one answered. "I guess everyone else is busy also, it's a gorgeous day outside." I thought. 

Finally after attempting to call various friends and getting nothing but voice mail, I decided that I was going to have a long walk back to the gas station that I had passed about eight miles back. I grabbed my purse and cell phone, and gave one last glance at the fruit, cheese, and crackers in the back seat. I let out a frustrating sigh, as I rolled up the windows, and groaned as I began to think about the long walk back to the gas station.

Suddenly I heard a car door slam shut! Startled, I look in the rear view mirror to see Glenn come jogging up to my car door. "Baby, what's wrong, is everything okay?" he asked. 

I was so startled that I couldn't even make a coherent thought as I blurted out "Glenn, how did...I didn't...what are you...?" 

"Sarah, calm down. What's wrong?" He asked once more. 

Taking a breath I replied "I ran out of gas. I knew you were going to be busy, so I didn't want to bother you." I suddenly became quiet and finally exclaimed "How did you know where I was!" 

A sheepish grin came over his face. "Glenn, what did you do?" I asked him.

"Well, remember the text I sent you? The one with the song?" he asked me. 

"Yes I remember it, but what does that have to do with how you knew where I was?" I asked.

"The moment you opened that song, it installed a hidden tracking device on your phone - how cool is that?" he excitedly replied, a hint of laughter in his voice.

I stood glaring at him, by this time I was quite sure that my blue eyes were now green.

"Glenn! Why would you do that? That is such an invasion of my privacy! What the hell possessed you to do that!" I yelled at him. 

Suddenly I saw a look of hurt in his eyes, as he replied "I just wanted to make sure that you're always safe. You've come to hold a special place in my heart, and I would be messed up if anything ever happened to you. I noticed that your vehicle had not moved for a while, and I got concerned." 

After hearing such evident concern in his voice, I couldn't help but reach out and take his hand and hold it to my heart as I said "Baby I'm sorry I yelled at you. I shouldn't have done so. Will you forgive me?" Lowering his hand, I wrapped my arms around him to kiss him. 

Afterwards he casually replied, "Oh Sarah, we're good."

"Well Glenn, I still think that I owe you more than an apology, so how about an impromptu picnic?" I asked.

"An impromptu picnic huh? That sounds great baby!" he replied.

He grabbed the tray of fruit, cheese, and crackers while I grabbed a blanket and some beverages from the cooler. I noticed a tree about 40 feet away from the road, and it was situated by a rippling brook. I decided that it would provide some shade and would make the perfect spot for our impromptu picnic. 

With a twinkle in my eye, I sat down on the blanket and he joined me. I took a piece of pineapple, popped it halfway in my mouth, and reaching for him, I took his face in my hands and leaned into him for a delicious kiss! "Mmmmm this is a tasty way to eat pineapple baby!" he said. 

"Mmm hmmm!" I agreed. 

Even though I had previously apologized and I knew we were good, I still couldn't help but think that I needed to make it up to him. 

"Glenn, I'm sorry that I snapped at you, I didn't mean to and I want to make it up to you!" I said. 

"You do huh? Well darlin', you are a married woman, how could you possibly make it up and not compromise your marital vows?" he teasingly asked. 

His question weighed heavy on my mind and heart. I have never been unfaithful to my husband and yet I was aching to experience a moment of passion with him again.

I slowly leaned forward and told him "I can show you better than I can tell you."

I couldn't believe how calm and sure my voice sounded! I was so nervous and there was the all too familiar struggle that said "This is wrong!" and the other side was saying "Three months is a long time to go without sex!" 

His eyes immediately lit up as he understood my intention and slowly stood up. I got to my knees reached forward, unbuttoned his jeans, and unzipped the zipper. I slowly slid his jeans and boxers past his trim hips. I looked up at him, and without a word, ever so slowly reached out to hold his hard cock in my hands. I felt him shudder as my hand came in contact with his cock.

I saw a drop of pre-cum and flicked my tongue against him. I heard his audible groan, and then felt his hands running through my silky blond hair as I slowly swirled my tongue around him and brought him into my warm, moist mouth. I slowly began a firm yet gentle suction as I moved my mouth off him, and then slowly back on him, I did this a few times and felt him thrusting in my mouth before he finally cried out, "Sarah, oh Sarah Fuck baby, oh fuck I'm cumming!" 

I felt his creamy warm cum flood my mouth, as it slowly coated my tongue, and then slid down my throat. 

A twinkle in my eye, I looked up at him, and said "That was quick Mr. Minuteman!" 

I slowly lay back, and Glenn lay beside me, his arm wrapping around me, and his hand coming to rest on my hip. "Mmm baby you've got the mouth of an angel!" he erotically whispered into my ear.

"You think so, huh?" I asked him.

"Oh yes, baby that was incredible, I can't explain it, it was just HOT! I've NEVER cum that quick before. I'm sorry sweetie, I think I owe you for that!" he replied. 

I couldn't help but use his admission to prolong this moment of passion, and subtly teased him back by commenting, "You know I'm rather disappointed, because I enjoy pleasuring a man. How would you correct that disappointment? You know I'm a married woman!" 

"Well baby, I think I can show you better than I can tell you!" he huskily replied. 

"Mmmm are you trying to seduce me Glenn!" I whispered against his ear.

He started slowly running his hands along my body, and then gently pulled my tank top above my head. He ran his hands across my stomach and leaned down to kiss me, slowly entwining his tongue with mine, probing every part of my mouth with his tongue. His hands were all over my body, wanting every inch of me. 

"Mmm darlin', you smell so incredibly wonderful! I want you, I want all of you Sarah!" he murmured against my ear.

I couldn't help but shiver at the delightful sensations that were already coursing through my body. He slowly reached under my back and unhooked my bra. He groaned when he saw that my nipples had become tight little buds. He slowly leaned his head down to lick my nipples. As I felt his warm tongue circling my hardened nipples, I let out a moan of passion and suddenly arched my back up. 

"Baby, I need you, I want to love you. Are you okay if I do that?" he softly asked me. 

Once more his lips were on mine, kissing me with urgency and desire filling his eyes. I couldn't think, I couldn't respond except to just draw my legs up, bending them at the knees where they were spread opened. 

I felt his hands running up my inner thighs, and suddenly his fingers came into contact with my warm, wet swollen clit, I couldn't help but gasp and buck my hips against his hand. I heard him gasp and suddenly drop by my ear and whisper with raw passion,  

"Baby, I want you so bad! You are SO wet and ready to be taken! I need you! Do you want this?"

All I could do was softly whisper "Yes, Glenn take me!"

He carefully positioned himself between my legs and in one strong thrust entered me. 

"GLENN!" I cried out. 

Tears welled up in my eyes, and suddenly he went still, looked at me and said "Baby are you okay, did I hurt you?" 

I anxiously replied "Oh Glenn, please don't stop! I want this with you!" 

Softly and tenderly he said "Sarah, I know you're not a virgin, but baby you're so tight. I don't want to hurt you, I love you too much!" 

I couldn't help but clench my thighs against him, in the effort to make him stay joined to my body. "Glenn, I need you! Please love me!" I whimpered.

Slowly his rhythmic thrusting began. I wrapped my arms around him, slowly running my hands up and down his body. Instinctively I wrapped my legs around him. 

He groaned against my ear "Oh darlin' you are incredible!" He stared into my eyes as he began to thrust deeper inside me. 

"Baby, what does it feel like for you?" He urgently whispered. 

I kissed him, and said "It's like an ocean wave crashing gently against the shoreline, and as the water pulls back there's an intense desire to keep hold of it." 

"Wow! That was beautiful! I've only asked that to a few women, but I never could get a reply! They just didn't know how to describe it!" he exclaimed.

I could feel his body begin to shudder as he thrust in me faster and harder. I bucked against him, arched my back, and screamed "Fuck me harder baby, please don't stop!" I knew I was on the brink of having a massive orgasm. 

He hoarsely whispered "Cum for me Sarah, cum with me baby!" He started thrusting into me as deep as he could, until finally as our passion culminated we both cried out expressing the intensity of our orgasms. 

The intensity of our orgasms subsided, and he leaned up, gently running his fingers through my silky blonde hair, and teasingly said "Baby I think you're late for that picnic." 

Looking at him with my eyes sparkling, I replied "This picnic was SO much better though, and I wouldn't trade it for anything!"

Suddenly I heard the piercing beeps of my alarm clock. I wanted so much to stay in bed and continue this dream of Glenn. I couldn't believe that nearly eight years after I had given him my virginity I still dreamed of him. 

***If you've read this far, and have forgotten, a quick reminder this story is NOT true, it was based on a dream***