 I'd like to confess about a time I cheated on my long term partner..

I met her at a house party, and her first line was "so when are you gonna let me suck your dick?" 

Seriously! I blushed and told her that I was attached, and she just looked me in the eyes and licked her lips. 

We flirted the whole night, and on the occasional time she'd slide a hand up my thigh, I'd let it rest there until I thought someone would notice, then move it away, looking at her, and laughing nervously. 

We were sitting side by side on a sofa, and her she sidled up while we talked to her friends. Her hand slid up my thigh so brazenly, and by the time she reached my lap, my cock was already hard up against my leg. She gave it a squeeze, and I immediately grabbed it and pulled her hand away. 

I asked them all to leave, so I could sleep in the sitting room, and everyone left but her. She laid out on the sofa and watched my every move as I put out a mattress on the floor. As soon as I laid down, she came and sat cross-legged by my side. 

"Get it out, then." she said with total expectation for me to comply. I laughed, and looked up at her. "Listen - I'm... with someone... and I.. just can't. I'm sorry." 

I ran my hand up her back softly, and stroked her hair back, watching her face. She swung her head round and lunged at my fingers, taking 3 into her mouth, and sucking hard on them. I watched intently as she sucked them deep into her mouth, and let out a little moan. 

She smiled with her eyes and grabbed my wrist, thrusting my fingers in and out of her mouth as I watched, my own mouth wide open. She pulled my hand back, and licked my fingers clean, not taking her eyes from mine as her other hand moved onto my cock, squeezing it hard through my jeans. I grabbed her hand, and pulled it away. 

"Listen - I can't! I'm sorry." 

She sighed, and laid down next to me, pulling up a blanket over herself. My friend came in just at that moment (thankfully not a moment before!), and I closed my eyes as I rolled onto my side away from her, pretending to sleep as he laid out on the sofa.

Knowing I wouldn't move, she silently ran a hand around my waistband, and undid the buttons on my jeans. My cock was rock hard, tucked in against my leg. She Dragged her nails slowly up and down the shaft through my boxers, while I squirmed against her. I kept taking her hand away, and every time she put it back, I would let the stroking last a little longer. 

She breathed heavily into my ear, and moaned very quietly "Please let me suck it. You know I'll be amazing. Please baby."

I looked up at my friend to see he was fast asleep on the sofa. I let out a long sigh, and turned so I was leaning over her - my body pressed against hers. With my face nearly touching hers. 

I whispered "If I let you look at it, will that be enough?"

She reached up and kissed me, taking my hand and sliding it between her legs as she spread them wide. She cupped my hand over her knickers, and pressed it hard. 

"See how wet you're making me?" She whimpered as I stroked her pussy through her soaked knickers. They were truly drenched. I lifted my fingers up and she grabbed my wrist again, hungrily pushing them into her mouth, sucking hard. 

I rolled over, and lowered my jeans slowly. Stopping just before my cock was free, I thought about what would happen next. "Ah well", I thought - "I've come this far!" 

I pulled my jeans a little further, and my cock sprang free. I relaxed down, and held it for her. It was harder than I can ever remember it being before, and as I held the base the head throbbed, and a string of precum led from the tip to my leg. She sat up immediately, and moved around - watching my friend asleep on the sofa. 

"Wait" I said "we'll wake him up."

"You'd better be quiet then," she said as she moved my hand away, wrapping her own around my cock. 

She pulled up her skirt, and leaned forward, slowly lowering her head, and kissing the tip. So very gently. She kept her lips planted on it and slowly ran her tongue around it, teasing me. I reached down, and before I could touch her, she rammed her head down hard, taking the entire length into her throat. 

I have never had another woman that could do that, and was beside myself with pleasure. I looked down, savouring the moment as she kept her head buried in my stomach, my cock throbbing in her throat. She reached out her tongue, and lapped around the base as she bobbed up and down just a little, keeping it nearly always all the way in. 

As she sucked hard and pulled her mouth back up to the tip, I knew I wasn't going to be able to take very much of her incredible talents. I reached down, and put my hand on her head, gently guiding her off of my cock. She resisted, and pushed her mouth down firmly again, taking it all the way in. I gently pushed her head back up, but as she reached the tip she would force it back down.. seemingly deeper every time. 

I was about to cum, and as I pulled her head back, when she pushed back down I held her there, my tip quivering on her lips. She pushed harder and harder against my hands, mouth gasping, lips reaching for my cock. I could feel my fingers hurting as she tried harder to get it back into her mouth, and eventually she gave in, pulling away.

She laid down, looking up, and I stared at the ceiling, us both breathing hard. I gained my composure, and leaned over her again. 

"Look... I'm so sorry.. I.. shouldn't have.. er... I can't.. you know.. " 

I looked at her, and she sighed. 

"Sure, but now I have such a taste for it. I mean - I already pretty much know how you taste, so it can't do any harm to let me properly taste you.. right?" 

She let the words drip from her lips "I mean.. you can't let me get this far without letting me swallow your hot... thick... cum... right? I need to taste you properly."

I sighed loudly, then suddenly remembered my friend on the sofa. After a minor panic, I convinced myself that he still seemed asleep, thankfully. 

"Let's just... cool down a little, shall we?" I said as calmly as I could, but my voice shook, and my breathing was still fast. 

I rolled her onto her side, and laid behind her, cuddling up. 

"Listen - it's not that I don't want to.. obviously.. it's just.. you know.." 

She laughed softly, and pushed back against me. Her thighs were soaked, and as she pushed against me, my cock slid easily between. She rocked gently back and forth, clenching her thighs around my cock, pulling it up against her pussy.

"I don't care about her, baby - I'm here now, and I.. " she thrust back hard against me in time with each of the words. 

"I. Want. Your. Cum." 

I realised I was gripping her hips, and I let go. I could feel my cock pulsing against her pussy, pushing at her knickers while I tried to compose myself. 

It was no use. I pulled back, and she laid on her back, unbuttoning in her dress. I grabbed her tits hard, and leaned down, sucking on one of her nipples through her bra. I pulled at her knickers, and pushed a finger in, watching her face. She moaned, and started rubbing her clit, looking up at me. 

Suddenly she stopped, and opened her mouth in realisation.

"Wait a minute" she said, pulling my fingers out of her pussy. "I see what's going on here. Well, you're not getting away with it that easily."

She smiled, and rolled over, somehow putting me immediately on my back. I tried to move, but she grabbed my cock hard, and started stroking. 

"No way, mister.. enough teasing." 

She seemed serious, and in one smooth movement, lowered her mouth onto my cock, and took it all the way in. I gulped, knowing I'd be cumming soon. I watched intently as she took long slow strokes up and down my shaft - sucking hard and taking it all in with every stroke. 

Her lips wrapped tighter around it, and as her hand came up and cupped my balls I moaned some kind of noise, hoping it was a signal that I was about to cum. Not that someone of her skill didn't know exactly when it was imminent! 

She kept up the long strokes as I started pulsing cum into her mouth and throat. I felt like I was cumming for five minutes solid, and she swallowed every drop. 

As the pulsing subsided, she gently licked up the shaft, cleaning every last part as I watched in awe. She smiled up at me, and said "There, that wasn't so difficult, now, was it?"

I laughed, and she plunged her mouth down over me once more, sucking hard. My cock was aching, but she just kept sucking, her nose squashed against my stomach. I pulled back, and she giggled as my cock popped out of her mouth. 

"Sorry" she said "I just.. you know." She carried on giggling, and laid down next to me. "You'd better sleep.. and.. I should probably be going." 

She looked sheepish. "I think you should stay" I said, smiling and running my hands over her body. 

"I'll just use the bathroom." she said as she sat up, pulling her dress back together, and down. I reached up, and tugged at her knickers, gently pulling at her. She smiled and slid them off, leaning down to push them into my mouth. I smiled with my mouth full of her juices, and she walked out. 

I heard the front door close about 2 minutes later. Quickly struggling to get my jeans back up, I practically limped toward the window. I got there just in time to see her turn the corner.