 I have my precious lady in front of me, standing naked, her hands bound and strung above her head to a hook on the ceiling. Her ankles are tied as well, but a bit more loosely. I kiss her on her lovely lips. Long, deep, passionately. I love her mouth...her kisses. The feel of my tongue touching and swirling around hers. I know she wants her arms around me, but not yet. I kiss her neck, then across her shoulders. She smells so good. I take her nipples in my mouth, one at a time. I can feel them getting so hard in my mouth. I tell her to brace herself and I am going to bite each one. I sink my teeth into one...she gasps...and can feel the sensation throughout her entire body. Then I bite the other. 

I know she is getting wet...and wants more from me...much more. I get on my knees in front of her and kiss her down her stomach. Then she feels my hot breath between her legs. I can see her juices oozing out of her, and running down her leg. I know she wants to feel my tongue up her twat. My warmth on her clit...but not yet. 

I kiss her thighs then down one leg and back up the other. Just tiny kisses...up and down. I stand up again and move behind her. Kisses to the back of her neck and across her shoulders again. I take my time on her back...a hundred kisses down one side and another hundred up the other, while my hands reach around and roll her nipples between my fingertips. 

I start at the top of her crack and work my way down. I feel her cheeks on my face. Her ass is so beautiful...so soft...inviting. I take my hands and spread her cheeks wide open for me. And lick her up and down her crack, brushing my tongue across her asshole, while I listen to her moan when I do. I stay there for a minute, and work her asshole with my tongue. I grab her hips and push my tongue up inside her. While the very tips of my fingers caress just the outside of her dripping pussy.

I sink my teeth into the soft flesh of her cheeks, leaving marks for her to remember me by. She gasps as she feels me. She feels my hot breath again between her legs. More kisses down one leg and back up the other. I kiss the insides of her thighs...so close to her pulsating clit. 

She is in front of me. Helpless...at my mercy. But I can't take what isn't mine. She has to be mine for the day. I move behind her again, and run the tendrils of my flogger across her nakedness. I run it across her face, so she can smell the leather, and across her nipples. She feels the first stroke of the lash across one cheek...then the other. I see her wince but know she needs to understand. I caress the cheeks for a minute, before delivering two more strokes, a bit harder than the last two. I caress her ass again. Running my fingertips across the smarting flesh.

I tell her of my expectations...that her body belongs to me...at least for now. She is to give herself to me...completely and willingly. Her mouth, her tits, her ass, and her pussy...all her holes...everything...all mine. She has to understand I will do whatever I want with them...for as long as I want. She will lay there for me and do as I say...nothing more...nothing less.

I ask her if she understands me. She nods her head in agreement. I kiss her mouth again and tell her how beautiful she is...and how I love kissing her. She feels two more strokes of the lash on her thighs...then two more on her cheeks...just for good measure.

I ask her again if she understands. She begs me to believe her...pleads with me. I do believe her...that I can have her the way I want her. I reach up and lift the bindings off the hook, and untie her wrists, then her ankles. I tell her to put her arms around me, hold me close to her, and kiss me just like she loves me...even if she doesn't. 

I feel her warmth close to me...her nipples rubbing up against me. She kisses me like no other has kissed me before. I feel her warm lips on mine, her tongue in my mouth. Her arms all the way around me...just like I wanted them. I take her by the hand and lead her upstairs to the bedroom and lay her down on her back. I kiss her more...all over again. She has never been kissed so much in her life. I spread her legs. And kiss her up and down her slit. Her juices are flowing out of her...making a wet spot on the bed already. I stick the tip of my finger up her...just the tip. She is drenched. She is so hot right now. I ask her if she is ready to cum for me. She tries to grab my head and pull it closer to her pussy, but I say not yet...she will have to be patient with me. She wants to cum so bad I know...

I turn her over again on her stomach and start massaging her still smarting cheeks. My touch is so soft...so gentle...soothing the hurt. I kiss them one by one. I love that ass of hers. I can't get enough of it. I have to have it. It has to be mine. I ask her if it is mine. She says to take it. Do as I please. She pushes it up in the air a bit for me. She wants to feel the sensations.

I kiss her asshole a bit more, then start to fuck her ass with my fingers. I listen to her gasps and moans as I penetrate her. She is so tight...and so warm. I want my cock up there so bad...but not yet. I tell her to get up on her knees, with her head down. I start to eat her pussy from behind. She moans and whimpers for me. She thinks she is in heaven...but she in on my bed. I lick her, kiss her, and fuck her wet hole with my tongue. I start to eat her ass again. First one hole...then the other. Switching off over and over. She is so ready for me...

I take my thumbs and spread her cunt open. I work her clit like a madman. It doesn't take long. I feel her tense up, and taste the juices flooding her cunt. She arches her back, I see her toes curl, and her teeth clench. Her pussy explodes in my face. She gasps...screams out. 

I stand up behind her and ram my stiff cock up her throbbing hole. I want to feel her spasms. I pound her from behind...feeling my hips slap against her cheeks, and my balls slapping her pulsating clit. Then she feels the tip of my cock up her ass...she gasps again as I stretch her open. But pushes her ass at me to get me further up inside her. I fuck both her holes. Going deeper and deeper in each one with every stroke. She pushes back hard wanting me to penetrate her further. I know she wants me to cum...but not yet. I know where I want my cum to go.

I take my cock out of her pussy and fuck her ass once more for good measure, then pull out and lay down beside her. I run my fingers up and down her quivering body...loving the feel of her. I tell her I want to feel her mouth on me. I know that is what she has been wanting...thinking about. I watch her wrap her lips around my hard cock. Then watch further as I disappear down her throat. She takes me all the way in, bumping the back of her throat with my tip. She rubs my balls as she sucks me...kisses me...licks me. I watch the look on her face. Her eyes closed. Her mouth all over me. Her look of contentment pleases me. 

I tell her to get into a 69 position as I want to play with her while she sucks me. I want her to cum again with my cock in her mouth. With me still in her...she positions her pussy over my chest. I rub her clit and finger both her holes. I know she loves to cum with my finger up her ass. I rub her clit with my fingertips...licking it from time to time. I massage her asshole, listening to her moans. I can still see the red marks on her cheeks. I put my fingers up both her holes again and suck her clit until she cums again. She cums hard and deep for me. Just how I wanted her to.

I turn her around once more and tell her to sit on my stiff cock. I watch her face as I enter her and stretch her pussy open. She fucks me like a wild woman, while I reach up and squeeze her tits and pinch her nipples. I can't take it any longer. I can feel the cum down in my balls. I start to feel the spurts go up inside her. I grab her shoulders and push her down on me. Then bring her close to me. I want to kiss her while I cum up inside her. Her pussy is so wet...so warm...it feels so good.

I shoot every drop of cum up inside her body...then lay her down beside me again. I kiss her mouth and whisper in her ear. I tell her how beautiful she is, and how good she tastes, and how I love her smell. I tell her how lucky I am to have her with me. I put my arms around her and just savor the lingering sensations. She is so beautiful...