 It's our first night together.

I've promised and said so much, but, your life experiences are so different... you've been hurt so many times. How can you be sure?

As I step into the bathroom for my shower, you make the decision to go all in.

Hurriedly, you slip into that sexy baby doll you bought... little more than lace and a promise... and then...

Taking a deep breath, you get out your stash of sex toys and arrange them on the dresser. Floral nipple clamps, butt plug and lube, flogger, dildo, and vibrator... symbols of your secret desires, and, yet, things of which you are ashamed... frightened that I will find your desires disgusting and turn my back on you.

Waiting, your heart in your mouth, you hear the sound of the shower turning off... a delay that seems to last forever...

The door opens and I walk out, wearing only my pajama bottoms. I've told you that I usually sleep naked, but, you're kind of glad I've started with some pants on.

It seems as if I only have eyes for you...

I cross the room without diverting my gaze, and, reaching out, take your hands in mine. For a few moments I let my eyes take in your near nakedness, the rise of breasts, the hint of nipples, the dark patch of bikini panties... your delicious curves and hills...

I take you in my arms, pull you to me. You can feel the warm skin of my back beneath your hands, the muscles playing as I hug you to me, and you are acutely aware of your rising nipples, breasts pressed so firmly against the bare skin of my chest, with only a tiny bit of lace and love separating our flesh.

As much as you are enjoying the moment, you wonder what will happen when I see your toys.

Still, as we kiss, long and deeply, our mouths open, tongue playing delightfully, the tastes of our mouths mingling, you almost forget about that.

We kiss for a long time, and, as we kiss our hands begin to wander... you feel my hands come up inside your baby doll, cup your breasts, rub your erect nipples, my fingers taking hold of their tips and teasing your pink areola with its many little bumps.

Almost shyly, you slip your hand between us and cup the bulge in my pajama pants... massaging it a bit, then, a bit more daring, you slip your hand inside my pants and take hold of my penis... stroking its growing hardness... conscious of the fact that YOU are making this thing happen, which has not happened for a long time.

Leaning back, I take the edge of your top and begin to lift it over your head, exposing your body, naked, except for your lace bikini panties. You raise your arms to allow me to remove your top, realizing that this exposes your bare body to my gaze. 

And I DO gaze...

Tossing the top to the side, my eyes drink in your naked beauty. You can feel the loving intensity of my gaze, almost as if fingers are caressing your bare breasts, stiff nipples, smooth belly...

Moving closer, we kiss some more, only this time your naked breasts with their hard tipped nipples ARE pressed to my bare chest... as we kiss we rub our bodies, caressing one another lovingly skin to skin...

My hand slips down the front of your panties... my probing fingers find the hot wet opening to your sex... and enter...

I push the panties down a bit, and you push them the rest of the way, kicking them to the side... taking the opportunity to pull down my pajama pants, which I also kick away, leaving us naked in each others arms.

I push you gently onto the bed, and, falling back in my arms, your legs open for me to lay between them... you are hot, wet, dripping... I am erect as I have not been for years. I kiss your breasts, tease your nipples with my tongue, suck them into my mouth, guided by your sighs and press of your hand on my head.

Finally, I rise up between your invitingly open legs. The tip of my dick presses against your wet labia. 

Taking my penis, you stroke the head up and down your slippery lips and hard little clitoris, masturbating both of us for a moment, before you guide it into burning hole, and I begin pushing and pulling my cock in and out, in and out, stretching and pulling the moist tissues of your vagina... your hips pick up the rhythm and soon we are riding together in unison... me plunging into your burning pussy, you pushing your hips upward to meet my thrust, both of us caught up in the passion... oblivious to all but the urgent need for love's release... and the desire to completely engulf one another...

With a groan, I stiffen, deep inside you... my penis pulsing as it tries to fill you with hot cum...

I rest for a moment, and then... slide down your body until my lips meet your labia, my tongue enters, finds the hot little clitoris so aroused, so ready, needing relief.

I begin to lick and suck your little girl dick, stroking it with my tongue, circling the twitching head, sucking it in and out between my lips as if giving YOU a blow job. As I lick and suck you, drinking your delicious cum, my face buried in your pussy, you take hold of your breasts and tease yourself... and, I, lucky man, can now and then raise my eyes and watch you make love to your breasts and nipples as I lick and suck... lick and suck... lick and suck... and swallow...

Swallowing because you are cumming, filling my mouth with your delightful elixir...

After your orgasm, I take you in my arms and, mouth still filled with some of your cum, kiss you, opening my mouth to share your love potion. Our mouths and tongues mix and swirl your cum and we both swallow our share of loving kisses flavored with your sweet nectar.

We rest...

You have forgotten about the sex toys, but the thought returns, and, again the worry.

What will happen when I see them?

I rise from the bed and walk purposefully to the dresser, returning immediately with the nipple clamps in my hands...

"Let's start with these", I say. "You can pick the next one..."

I hand you a clamp to put on, and, after watching you attach it to your erect nipple, I put the other one on you. Leaning forward, I tickle the tip of your nipple with my tongue, cupping the bottoms of your breasts.

"Your nipples look so pretty, erect like that with the little flower around them... highlighting, showcasing them. You have such beautiful nipples."

I hug you to my chest, your erect nipples in their little floral cages, pressed to my bare chest, and kiss you...

"It's your turn," I say. "YOU, pick the next one."

I watch with pleasure as you, smiling, walk proudly naked to the dresser and return with the ___________ in your hand, breasts bobbing, pretty nipples colorfully erect in their silver cages.