 Hello Readers,

Over the last 10 chapters, I have tried to establish your equations with my three loves - Steffi, Maya, and their Aunt Rita. This is the end of the introductions, and I know you've picked favorites - keep writing to me - love the encouragement. This is the 'introduction finale' for Steffi. To understand some of the context here, read Ch. 8 and 10, unless you haven't beaten off to them already.

Enjoy!

***

"Re: Early start tomorrow. See you at 7 am in the office. Sorry to call you in on the weekend - Vince"

The run up to her apartment last night had been a struggle for more reasons than one. Her 36C breasts on her 5 ft frame needed support, and in the absence of a bra, her every breath was rather evident under the shirt, especially to her driver. Her clothes were soaked, and her nipples were standing in attention, partly due to the weather, but mainly due to the fact that Rory had chewed on them so mercilessly all evening. And her skirt was sticking to her crotch, producing a camel-toe that highlighted the recently fucked lips covering her tight pussy. 

She had literally flown past her concerned father, exchanging the most superficial of pleasantries while announcing, "I've had dinner and need to wrap up office work. Good night!" before disappearing into her room.

Steffi hadn't slept all night anyway, despite the mail from Vince last evening. While her body was breaking away in different directions, she couldn't stop her brain from recounting her escapades in the two cars, repeating each second on a loop. Her make out session with Jason was rather ordinary and a base expectation of their relationship. But her submission to Rory, a lowly driver, was the bit that kept her tossing and turning in bed all night. 

The physical endowment between his legs was certainly worthy of a mini-garland. But what Steffi summarized in her head as the main reason for her surprising submission to him was the chance to escape the realities of her life, and for once, have some power over the characters that surrounded her. She had no doubt that men worshipped her every curve; but here was a man that could be kept under her heel and be used as a sexual release, whenever she wanted it, without any risk or impact on her 'real' life. 

Any doubt regarding seeing him again was dispelled once she received a text an hour back from him stating, "Office has informed me that you need to be in by 7. I'll pick you up at 530." The office was only 30 minutes away from where she lived, and clearly no one else would be joining them at this early hour of the day. Steffi thought about taking an Uber, but knew that tact was short-lived, and hence decided to confront him directly today.

Dragging her tired, petite frame out of bed, she straightened her satin night shirt that had bunched over her ample chest, as usual. She pinched her pajamas out from over her crotch and winced at the pain that emanated from her unintended contact of her own genitals. The walk to the bathroom was a slog, especially when her fleshy thighs slapped against each other. 

The bathroom light took its expected time to flicker on, but with her measured steps, she was already sitting on the toilet, relieving the pressures on her bladder. While the hot fluids jet out of her aperture, her dreamy eyes glazed over her discarded panty from yesterday, that lay lifelessly on the corner of her bathroom. Her eyes widened as she noticed tiny red spots on the pure white fabric, and quickly understood the reason behind the slight discomfort down below. 

A man of Rorys' proportions took some getting used to, and in that sense, she'd lost her virginity to him last night. She felt a sudden sense of panic looking at the blood stains but recalled that he was wearing a condom all through the penetration, one which he victoriously oscillated in front of her before discarding it out of his car. 

Her time in the shower was quick and efficient, as she had already taken a leisurely bath the night before upon returning home. It was the choice of her ensemble that took a bit of thought. Well aware that she'd be spending the morning with Rory and the day with Vince, alone, she had to be sure that the signals were clear - no more sex!

With most of her good clothes packed for the impending vacation, she opted to pick out a loose-fitting, long sleeves, black shirt and a pair of denims. A set of silver danglers embellished her ears with a light touch of dark red highlighting her luscious lips. She tied her long hair over her head in a knot. A quick spray of Burberry finalized her efforts for the day. Steffi was glad to note that her parents were still asleep, as she stuck a note on the refrigerator, and tip-toed out of her apartment.

The morning air felt fresh and moist, with the heavenly aroma of wet earth filling her system. There was a spring in her steps as she walked down the flight of stairs, with her laptop bag the only weight on her delicate shoulders. A tighter fitting bra would have been more appropriate, which she felt with each step that she alighted, but it was a bit too late to go back up and change. 

Stepping out of the building, she noticed her ride and rider standing at their usual spot. Rory would normally wait inside the car, drinking in the beauty of his favorite passenger, till the time his erection stood parallel to the gear stick. It was much the same today; just that he was standing by the side of his car, with his hard-on pointing in her direction. There was no need for pretense any more, or to place a hand-towel over his pants, as he would have in the past. Dressed in crisp white shirt and khaki trousers, the middle-aged driver licked his lips as the voluptuous beauty walked over to him.

"Good morning, madam," he said, as he ran over to the other side of his car and opened the co-passenger door. He got a simple nod of pleasantry from her.

Steffi was unsure of what to do next. About 8 hours back, this lowly creature was giving her the pleasure of her life, licking her nubile tits under her own apartment, with the rain lashing against her burning body. But the in the light of the day, he was her corporate driver - a man who was paid daily wages to ferry her back and forth. 

His magnificent penis, however, was far better than what any of the men in her sexual experience had ever put through her. Her hardening nipples and moistening vagina were making any rational decision difficult for her. Making up her mind, she sashayed over to the open door, and slid into the front seat. Rory thoughtfully shut the door, concerned he might slam it due to his own excitement.

"Are we picking anyone else up?" Steffi asked, as the car engine spluttered to life. 

"No ma'am. Just you and me," he replied, shamelessly adjusting his erection over his pants, before turning the car onto the expressway.

"Then why are we leaving this early? I could have slept for another hour!" Steffi said with a hint of irritation. 

"I wanted to avoid the morning traffic. You can recline your seat and catch a nap, if you'd like. I don't mind if you sleep next to this driver," he said with a smile, kicking the car into higher gear. 

His tone felt somewhat relaxing, and he hadn't made any moves on her yet. Steffi knew either way he wouldn't try any stunts in the midst of the morning chaos. Pulling the lever, she reclined her seat, but then the next quandary hit her - which way should she face?

"Don't face your window, madam. I don't want the two-wheelers scratching my door, trying to get a glimpse down your shirt." He wasn't a trained mind reader, but as far as she knew, his timing couldn't be any better. 

However, Steffi wanted to hold her own, and curled up her knees to face away from him. Her frame just about fit the dimensions of the car seat completely. There were no further words from him, although he did startle her once while putting his hands through her legs, only to lift her laptop bag and place it on the back seat. For a second, the strap of her bag felt like his fingers were tracing her naked waist; the bit that was showing between her jeans and shirt. The bit that she quickly adjusted before falling back to sleep. There were moments when his hand slapped against her generous rear, but she knew he was only shifting gears, and even if he wasn't, she'd grant him this liberty.

When she finally woke up, she could feel a crick in her neck, but more importantly, that the car wasn't moving any more. She sprung up in her seat, bumping her head against the roof. The area outside was the same alley where Rory had 'deflowered' her the night before! And, speaking of the man, he was standing outside the car, looking away, smoking his country cigarette.

"Why the hell are we here, Rory?" Steffi asked, slamming the door shut behind her.

"Oh, you're up? You clearly are a deep sleeper," he replied with his trademark smile. His stained yellow teeth showed signs of many years of smoking. His constant adjustment of his balls under his trousers wasn't what she was accustomed to in her society, either. 

"That's not what I asked. Why are we not at the office?" Steffi yelled, turning red with rage. "It's 7 fucking am!"

Rory put his hand in his pocket and pulled out her phone. Steffi looked at him incredulously as she snatched it out of his grip. "Read your mail while you were sleeping. It was buzzing incessantly."

"What the.." is all she said before reading the subject line on her screen. "Meeting cancelled. Go back to sleep. See you after your vacation! Vince"

"Why didn't you wake me up? Why did you read my messages? Why the fuck are we here?" Steffi was getting hysterical and Rorys' calm demeanor wasn't helping.

He casually stubbed his cigarette and blew out the last batch of smoke. Steffi huffed and turned around before she felt a strong hand on her shoulder that swung her around. She landed right into his embrace and before she could utter another word, the stench of his breath was all over her lips. She tried hard to break away from him, but with her lips sealed and her legs parted by his, all that she could do was slap his back as he kissed her with wild abandon.

Her struggle went on for a few minutes before her own lust took over. Her wild flailing of the arms was soon replaced by a contest of who could hug the other person tighter. 

Once he convinced that she was sufficiently warmed up, Rory broke the kiss, but didn't step back from her feast of a body. His hands were soon unbuttoning the front of her shirt, with the last few buttons flying off the stitching. Her breasts were hanging out of her loose bra in no time, and before Steffi could consider going back to be the high society, well-educated madam, she was lifted off the ground by a strong pair of hands under her ass and laid down on the bonnet of the car.

"Madam, I want to fuck your pussy, hard" were the polished words of her driver, as she looked into the eyes of the man who was struggling to unbuckle his belt and had therefore resorted to simply whipping out his mesmerizing penis while keeping his pants on. 

Her response was a bit more sophisticated, as she unbuttoned her denims and slid two saliva laced fingers down her panty. His nails dug into her sides as she raised her ass to help him slide off her jeans, only to expose her fingers massaging her labia. 

The bonnet of the car felt cold against her soft rear, and her cotton shirt was of little comfort under her back. The morning chill and the exposed environment had truly fired up her loins, while the uncouth man responsible for her unplanned state of nudity was sliding on a size XXL condom. 

Steffi felt his hands on her naked thighs, as he slowly slid her down the bonnet and with absolutely no foreplay, thrust his manhood right into her. Upon eventual reflection, Steffi was glad that the area was desolate, because her scream would have caused a tsunami in some part of the world.

The suspension of the front wheels was being tested as Rory slammed in and out of her. His style was rustic, and his passion was limitless, as he alternated between kissing her lips and sucking her taut nipples; she found the latter quite typical of the men she had slept with, and she was never sure why they did so. Her fleshy lower back was bent against the front of his saloon, as she slid up and down the smooth metal of the bonnet, with every powerful stroke of his manhood. 

It's not that she lay limp to this assault and let him devour her. Soon after her pain had subsided, she found her legs wrapped around his exposed buttocks and her arms around his neck, as she matched each stroke with her own gyration. She heard herself say, "Fuck me! Deeper! Harder! Mumma! Oh God! I'm coming!" at least a few times during the twenty odd minutes that he went about humping her senseless. She had heard of passing out post orgasming, and today could have been that day, but she wanted to savor each moment, where a hot-blooded man was giving her beauty the respect and her body the pounding that she had always wanted.

It was when she felt the swell of the condom inside her tightest canal that she realized that he had finally unloaded his heat. Unlike last evening, however, he lay over her heaving body, buried deep inside her. She didn't push him off, not the least because she was enjoying his convulsions, but also because she was enjoying his little nibbles down the nape of her neck, using whatever energy he had left in him.

He rolled off her eventually, as they both lay side by side on the car bonnet, showing their exposed bodies to the heavens above. Steffi felt the urge to pull up her jeans, but the morning air felt good against her freshly fucked vagina and her heavily mauled breasts. His manhood was now shrinking back to human proportions, and looking down, Steffi noticed that the condom still covering it had enough to colonize her womb with a few hundred babies!

She felt his hand on her breasts, as he pinched her nipples gently.

"Once I come back from my vacation, the office starts at 9 am, Rory," she said between deep breaths, as his hand moved down to her gaping slit. "I can't wake up this early every day and I don't want to be late for work." Although her initial plan of controlling this arrangement had melted away for good by this stage, she wanted him to know that she still had a job to manage.

"Steffi madam," he said, discarding used condom, "I promise to get you in on time. I also promise to," he said, sliding his middle finger into her slushy hole, "get you off in time." Steffi moaned. 

She looked down to find, incredibly, that he was hard already! His uncovered penis was easily the length of her hand, down to her Longines watch - it was glistening beautifully under the morning Sun, and she was silently proud that she had taken all of it inside her, twice, in under 10 hours! 

Steffi turned to look at him and noticed he was already flashing a sealed condom. "For now, let's get back into the car, madam. I need you on your knees to enter your shit hole."

Before Steffi could fathom what he was about to do to her, he spoke, "and this time, we'll keep the car windows shut. You're a loud one and this will be rough!" 

***