 Hello Readers

While we now know how Aunt Rita celebrated her NYE with Dave, we also read how Steffi got more than acquainted with her corporate driver, Rory. The week between their last encounter did either no favors. How did they spend their time upon her return from her vacation? Let's find out.

*****

Rory was seething sitting at the wheel of his car. It had been a good fifteen minutes since he brought the car over to the curb, and yet, Steffi was busy talking to one of her colleagues. He was struggling to keep himself from scooping her up from the front porch of the office building and dropping her off on the backseat of his car, exactly where he had raided her the last time they had met a week back. 

Her vacation over the new year break had done no favors to the boundless lust he had developed for her, and he had lost track of the number of times he had creamed the walls of his bathroom by stroking one off in her thoughts.

Standing only a few feet away from him was the woman who had willfully spread her delectable ass cheeks for him, to ease his entry into her deepest and darkest recess. He rubbed himself over his pants recalling how she had howled while he slid it all the way in, with nothing more than a few palmfuls of his saliva lubricating his throbbing manhood. The fact, that this was right after he had plundered her tight vagina over the bonnet of his car, had made this session last even longer, something Steffi had felt quite painfully despite her delirious state of lust. 

Her struggle to walk up the stairs to her apartment was not missed by either the nosy neighbors or the concerned parents, all of whom wondered why she had left and come back so early from work on a Saturday morning. There were prior walks of shame and then there was that!

The same glorious ass was teasingly filling out her denims, as Rory stared at his tormentor from behind the windshield of his car. Each time she shifted her laptop bag from one shoulder to the next, her luscious rear would squelch just enough for the desperate driver to skip his heartbeat. 

But when she bent over to pick up her phone fallen on the ground, Rory had to rein himself in by not creaming his pants. He had to act, and he did, by giving her a call and reminding her that her ride had arrived. 

Steffi wrapped up the mundane work conversation and paced towards the car. She knew well that Rory was getting impatient, and that winding him up would only come back as a consequence for or on her. Giving a quick glance to her surroundings, she opened the front door and got into the co-passenger seat of the car. It was a risqué move, but she knew she had already signed up for what was to come.

"Hello, ma'am," Rory sneered with frustration, as the car stuttered into motion. "How was your vacation?"

"It was great," she replied without making any eye contact. "It was some much-needed downtime for me, where I thought about all the aspects of my life." Steffi turned around to place her laptop bag on the backseat of the car, and turned back in a jiffy, with her devious acts on its cold leather still fresh in her mind. 

"That sounds nice. Did you think about our last time together?" Rory asked, throwing any caution to the winds. Steffi chose to keep quiet, squirming in her seat. How could she not have thought about it? Her inners hurt for days after that morning, and even relieving herself every now and then felt like a torture. 

The rest of the journey was brimming with sexual tension. While neither party said a word more to each other, the shallow breathing and the butterflies in the stomach were making the ride feel longer than it seemed. When Rory pulled up in front of his moderate accommodation, Steffi was unsure whether this was a good idea to begin with.

Turning the ignition off, Rory stepped out of the car and walked over to her side to let her out. His eyes never left sight of her heaving breasts, that were struggling to be contained by her floral print shirt. The walk up the stairwell was rather uneventful, as Rory led the way, trying to pace her up as she dragged her feet. It took a few attempts to open an otherwise basic door-lock, and once inside the dingy apartment, he shut the door behind them.

The thud from the door reverberated throughout the vacant hallway, with only an ageing ceiling lamp lighting their path. Steffi was seriously considering pivoting on her heels, but the sense of adventure in her pounding heart and the soaking wet patch on her panty were slowly but steadily pushing her forward. 

The apartment was wreaking of stale food and the stench from his socks was filling up her nostrils. Here was a man for whom personal hygiene wasn't exactly top priority, especially when she noticed how his clothes were littered along the floor of the grimy living room.

"Would you like some water?" she heard him ask, as he hung the car keys on the wall adjoining the kitchen. Steffi could have sworn that this hook had seen better days, and the weight of the keys definitely made the rusting metal bow to her presence in the house.

Rory turned towards Steffi, who was still trying to figure out a spot to place her laptop bag; one where it wouldn't kick up a puff of dust. "I'm fine, thank you," she said, having made a mental note of the utensils that sat in his kitchen sink. It seemed to her that these utensils had yet to feel a scrub in 2019.Her unsolicited supervision of the apartment was halted by a familiar pair of hands on her shoulders. 

Steffi turned around to face Rory, who stood at least a foot over her petite frame. In the blink of an eye, she found the front of her shirt ripped open by his butch hands. Her laptop bag fell by her side as he yanked her bra off her chest, freeing her massive breasts that were long ready to be devoured. Before she could offer any sign of protest or remind him that she eventually had to go home, and that a tattered shirt would be sincerely questioned by one and all in her wake, she found herself lifted off the ground and over his shoulder like a sack of potatoes.

The dirty floor beneath his feet was all she could trace beyond her hanging breasts, as the burly driver carried his hunt into what seemed like his bedroom. She was tossed onto his bed with absolute disdain, and for the first time, Steffi felt a sense of fear crawl under her soft skin. 

She watched in mild trepidation as he slid off his shirt and threw it away into the ether, his eyes still measuring the dimensions of her heaving bosom. His pants were next to come off and landed next to the shirt. The last garment to come off made it amply clear to Steffi that he was packing what she had been gagging for all her life.

The solitary window in the matchbox-sized bedroom was allowing just enough light from the street lamp for Rory to drink in the absolute beauty of his topless mistress. Steffi had crawled up the bed, and now had her back against the headrest, with her eyes pleading with the naked man in front of her to let her go. 

Her fingers, however, had found the front of her jeans, and very slowly, she unbuttoned her pants. Rory bent forward to tug them off her luscious rear and fleshy thighs, pulling her along the bed with this motion. But instead of throwing them away like the rest of his clothes, he just dropped them by his side, right on top of his underwear. 

Like a tiger closing in on its prey, he dug his knees into the mattress, bringing his frame right over hers. Steffi bit her lip, as he looked in her big eyes that were looking back at him with an unusual mix of childlike innocence and wanton lust. He shifted his gaze to her voluptuous breasts, which seemed to be complaining that he hadn't tasted them till date. But before he could decide which nipple to savor, he felt her smooth calves graze against his. 

Rory looked down to find the gates of heaven quietly open for him. As he looked back up, he found her licking her lips before broke they into a mischievous smile. Steffi stretched out her hand to grip his throbbing manhood, tenderly jerking its sheath, while pulling him down to her shamelessly wet entrance. 

With her other hand, she pulled the gusset of her panty to a side, aligning his bulbous head with her tiny orifice. She was well aware that they were unprotected, but at this moment, she was willing to take any risk to have this gorgeous piece of God's creation inside her.

It felt like an eternity before he was fully and deeply lodged inside her. But his neighbors could have sworn they could account for each inch that slipped inside her, by the rapidly increasing decibel levels emanating from the other side of the wafer-thin walls. They could hear the wails of a woman, which were quite typical from this particular apartment. However, these wails were a plea for wanting more rather than ones they would usually hear, where the women would ask him to stop. 

Intertwined like snakes, Rory and Steffi were trying to compensate for the week that had been wasted since their last encounter. Unlike the previous time, however, Rory was not battering down her walls, as he wanted to take his time in the comfort of his home. The only regret he had at this stage was that in the heat of the moment, he had forgotten to switch on the table fan. It only occurred to him when he heard it crash onto the floor. 

The two heavily perspiring bodies were locked at the lip and the groin, rolling along the breadth of the unkempt single bed, trying to feed their voracious sexual appetite. While Steffi couldn't match his physical strength, she was pleasantly surprised that she could manage to excavate herself from under him, while he pressed the back of her head with one hand and her buttocks with the other, to gain deeper access down her throat and cunt. 

Rory had allowed her to get on top of him, as he could now freely run his hands down her fleshy back. She could feel his nails dig into her soft ass-cheeks and was forced to break their kiss when he ripped open her panty along her crack. She looked at him with fiery eyes and propped herself against his chest to sit upright. 

Amidst some heavy breathing, the star-crossed lovers looked at each other, trying to gather their sensibilities, but in vain. Steffi placed her feet on the mattress by his side and slowly slid up the length of his cock. Rory tried to catch a hold of her swaying breasts, but despite their generous proportions, he could only manage to flick her nipples. Steffi slowly settled down on his groin, feeling the stretch as her pussy was still getting accustomed to his girth.

The press of her hands against his chest was getting heavier by the moment, as she built up a steady rhythm of bouncing on his thighs. The beads of sweat were streaming down her angelic face, and despite the immense pleasure Rory was receiving down south, he couldn't help but push himself back up to grab her luscious body in his embrace. It only marginally slowed her down, as she was now dealing with a three-way assault - his tongue dancing over hers; his fingers stretching her tight ass-hole; and his penis lifting her off into the orbit. 

"Madam, I am about to cum," he said, more as a query, as if seeking her permission to fill her up. With the last iota of rational judgment resurfacing between the two panting bodies, Steffi hopped off his cock and covered it with her mouth, taking it in as deep as she possibly could. Thick streams of hot jizz started hitting the back of her throat, but before she could come up for air, a strong pair of hands kept her locked on his convulsing hose. 

Her hands slapped against his thighs and torso, as she tried to break free, but could only manage to choke further on the copious amounts of fluids that were now trickling down the side of her mouth. By the time the pressure on her head was finally eased, Steffi was completely glued to his groin, with the jizz as the seal between her tired lips and his shriveling penis. He could feel her hot breath on his skin, and when she finally rolled off to his right, he was pleasantly surprised that only a meagre amount of his contribution was on his own body.

Rory looked down at the heaving diva lying spread-eagle next to his waist. Her intermittently rising breasts confirmed to him that she was still alive and breathing. He gently patted her face, parting her long hair that were covering her soft features. His fingers could savor the fruits of her labor, especially when he trailed the outer lining of her lips. He could feel a stir in his tired loins when she readily accepted the length of his finger, swirling her talented tongue around it as he dipped one in.  

Steffi could taste the tobacco on his stained finger, despite the salts twirling in her mouth. She felt a pang self-deprecation, but if there ever was a period in her sexually active life where she had been an equal participant in the chase for pleasure, this was it. Letting his finger slip out of his mouth, she looked to the ceiling and said, "Rory, where is your bathroom? I need to wash up."

The finger that was enjoying the sauna of her mouth was now pointing towards the door on the other side of the modest room. Collecting her steamrolled body from the bed, Steffi got back on to her feet, unsteady and unsure. She slipped off her tattered shirt and let it drop to the ground. The only other garment on her body was her ripped panty, which came off on its own with the first step she took.

In the darkness of the room, Rory observed the stacked young lady make her way to the toilet. Many women had graced the presence of this room over the years, but none had been this elite, educated, and most importantly, eager. He watched her reach the door and felt disappointed that she shut it behind her. Despite feeling drained, he did not want to let her nubile body out of his sight for even a moment.

Steffi washed and wiped her face dry with a towel that should have been discarded a long while back. With a fleeting look in the mirror, she stepped out of the suffocating washroom. Rory was sprawled naked on his bed. Although his penis was lying limp on his thigh, it was still oozing the juices that he had shot out recently. "Where are you going, ma'am?" he asked, stretching out lazily.

"I have a call starting in an hour and need to be home for it. Get dressed, you need to drop me home." Steffi wasn't making any eye contact with him, busy looking for the remnants of her clothes strewn across the room. She found her shirt and slid it on. Unfortunately, barring the collar button, the others were perhaps in different corners of his living room. She pulled the flaps together, hoping to get a pin from the owner of this shabby establishment.

"Can't you take the call from here? I promise I'll be quiet. Moreover, I am completely spent and will need a few minutes." Rory was serious, especially after the physical abuse they had inflicted on each other.

"I can't, Rory. All my notes are at home. Now, where is my panty?" Steffi asked aloud, squatting down to look under the cabinet in the room. She was aware that the garment was of little use now, but somehow, she did not want to leave any evidence of the session she had just had with her driver.

"You mean these?" Steffi turned around to see her purple laces sitting on his face. Rory was gently chewing away on the gusset, soaking it in his mouth. "I love the pose you're in right now," he winked. "I love how those lips down there are stretching out for me!"

"Don't do that, Rory! I need to wear them," Steffi retorted, getting up with a start.

"Well, they are completely wet now. You should go home without them. Might make it easier for us on the way," Rory smiled back, rolling his tongue on its soft material.

Steffi stormed over to the bed side and caught hold off the sides of her undergarment. She was careful not to tug it too hard, but Rory was not playing fair. "Let them go, Rory. I'm getting late!" she yelled, as he looked away from her, like a playful dog with a bone.

"Ok, ok. You want them? Take them with your mouth; no hands," he said.

"You're such a child. I'm getting late. Give them back to me at once," Steffi retorted with her hands on her naked waist. Standing butt naked in front of Rory was no longer a novelty for either.

Rory put his warm palm on her plump ass and fondled it lovingly. Although he could see her get irate with every passing second, he was having the time of his life eyeing every inch of her fleshy treasures. 

"Child? Me?" he smirked. "I'll soon be the father of one. Would you like one too?" he babbled, with the fabric still wedged between his teeth.

Steffi was beginning to lose her cool, and his freely roaming hand and abject defiance was not helping either. He suddenly shifted his palm to her exposed vagina. "I've always been curious how our activities over here," he said, pressing on her mound, "create the magic of life over here," he finished, slowly tracing his hand all the way to her belly.

"Ok, that's it. I'm calling an Uber and this is the last you'll see of me!" she snapped, turning away from his unwanted touches.

Rory sprung up from the bed and grabbed her from the back. "Uber? Is one driver not enough for you? We have a whole taxi stand outside. I'm sure my friends can keep you entertained," he said, pressing his erect manhood against her soft ass.

"I'm going to scream if you don't let me go this instant," Steffi snapped, wriggling unsuccessfully in his strong grip.

"Will you now, madam? I suppose that'll bring a lot of people in here. Are you sure you'll have a reasonable explanation ready for them in your current state?" he responded, pushing his feet inside her arch.

"Rory, please. This work call is important for me. I can try and meet you early tomorrow morning," she pleaded.

"I'm sure it is. But will you leave me hanging like this?" he asked, resting his shaft against her crack.

With no response from her, Rory carefully pushed her towards the bedroom wall. Turning her around, he looked lustfully at the beautifully crimson face in front of him. Her long hair was covering one half of her facial features, but he could feel her big bloodshot eyes burn through his skin.

Positioning himself at the entrance of her gates, he entered her in one smooth motion, quickly sealing her moan with his lips. Her baby skin grazed against the chipped patches on the wall, as Rory stretched the circumference of her tiny hole. 

"I didn't tell you this before, but you've got a lot of my stains on the front of your shirt," Rory said, panting as he drilled her. Pushing her hair to the other side of her face, he gently dug his teeth into the nape of her neck. This time, she couldn't suppress her moans, but she channeled her ferocity by biting into his shoulder.

"Rory, please don't come inside me," she wailed, as her ass smacked against the wall.

"I won't, madam. Although the mere thought of impregnating you turns me on no end," he said, gently tugging at her nose ring with his lips. 

"I'm going to carry you to the bed now," he whispered in her ear, pausing the hard strokes unwillingly. "Are you ready?" 

Still lodged inside her, he lifted her by her thighs, as she hugged him tightly. The walk from the wall to the bed was only a few steps, but with every step that he took, Steffi could feel his penis create a new angle of penetration. Rory moved one arm behind her back and gently placed her on the mattress, lying down on top of her.

"Rory, my call starts in fifteen minutes," she cooed, as he slowly opened her collar button. Parting the flaps of her shirt for the second time today, her swollen breasts came into his view, with her proud nipples standing erect on top of those white mounds. 

"You know I can't drop you home in that short a time. You'll have to take the call from here now. I'm sorry, madam, you should have told me a bit earlier," he whispered, slowly chewing on her taut nipple.
