 Authors note: I recommend you read my story "Getting over an ex," since this story is loosely based on the events and characters of it. If you don't feel like it, that's fine too - I've tried my best to make this story as enjoyable as possible with no background knowledge at all.

*

It was 10PM on a January evening when Zack received a phone call. Who'd be calling now? His phone display said "Aaron" - an old friend of his. Zack hadn't seen him in a very long time, so this was certainly an odd time to be calling. He picked up anyways.

"Zack Moore," he answered.

"Zack? Hi, this is Aaron. You know, Aaron from high school?"

"Long time no see," Zack laughed, "What's up?"

"Not much, just livin' life. You?"

"Guess I could say just the same. What's the deal - why are you calling me now?"

"Well, I guess I'd just like to see you. It's been a few years."

"Sure has."

"So, I have an invitation for you. I own a cottage at the Mt. Snowy ski resort, where I'm currently staying together with a couple of friends, as well as their girlfriends. If you'd like, you can join us here for a while. Thursday to Sunday - how does that sound?"

Thursday to Sunday. Today was Wednesday, so Zack would have to call in sick for the rest of the week if he wanted to go. Figuring it would probably be worth it, he said yes.

"That sounds great! Text me the address and I'll be there by tomorrow, breakfast."

"Will do. It'll be great to see you again, Zack."

"Thanks. See you tomorrow."

He hung up the phone, and immediately started packing his bags. 

The next morning, he woke up at 7 AM. He started by texting his boss he'd gotten the flu, and wouldn't be coming to work for the rest of the week. After that, he grabbed his bags and walked out to his car. Aaron's cottage was roughly a two-hour drive from his home, so he started right away.

Not long after 9 AM, he pulled up on the driveway to what he guessed would be Aaron's cottage. It looked a bit on the extravagant side. He couldn't recall what Aaron was up to nowadays, but it had to make a bit of money for him to be able to buy a second home of this size. He walked up to the front door and rang the doorbell. Aaron eventually opened the door.

"Zack!" Aaron greeted him, and shook his hand. "It's so good to see you again."

"Great to be here, Aaron," Zack responded.

"Come in," Aaron said, gesturing for him to step inside.

Zack set his bags down on the floor.

"Let's go upstairs," Aaron said.

They walked up a staircase and ended up in the dining room. It was massive, with one wall being made up entirely of windows. Sitting around the table, Zack spotted a couple of familiar faces - Heather and Jenna! He had fucked both of them in an attempt to get over his ex a couple of years ago, but they hadn't really talked since. Zack and the girls looked equally shocked.

The girls looked a bit different compared to last time he'd seen them. Heather had dyed her hair strawberry blonde, and Jenna had dyed hers in different shades of purple. They were both wearing "trendy" glasses that were a bit on the bigger side. Their clothes were unusually tight for skiing outfits. Heather was wearing a pair of red hiking pants, sitting tight around her legs and ass, as well as a white t-shirt that showed off the shape of her perky tits. Jenna, on the other hand, didn't look as well-prepared for a day of skiing as Heather had. She wore tight black jeans and a black top with just a hint of cleavage.

He was really surprised at how much attention they'd given their faces considering they were going to be outdoors the entire day. Heather was just as made-up as usual; with blush, eyeshadow, eyeliner, a good amount of mascara, as well as a little lipstick. Jenna's face looked very smooth as if she'd gone heavy on the makeup. It wasn't extravagant - just very smooth, with an almost orange tint. Her lips were the same color as her face, leading Zack to guess she was wearing lipstick as well. A little mascara was really the most obvious part of her makeup look.

Zack found himself in a kind of trance as he admired the ladies he hadn't seen or thought about in so long. He snapped back into reality as a man got up to greet him.

"You must be Zack," he said and shook his hand. "I'm Jonathan, Heather's boyfriend. Pleasure to meet you."

Shit. He'd gotten himself so caught up in admiring the girls that he'd completely forgotten about the fact that they were there with their boyfriends.

"Great to meet you too," Zack politely said.

"Name's George," the other guy said, and stood up to greet Zack. "Jenna's boyfriend, if you hadn't guessed already."

When he had been introduced to the men, both of the girls stood up to greet him. The whole situation was a bit tense. None of them knew how to explain their complicated relationship. Nevertheless, the girls decided to give him a hug, and explained that they were old friends.

He felt a little envy over the fact that both of the girls were taken, but hoped he would be able to get at least one of them in bed over the weekend anyways. He briefly considered his competition; Jonathan, a nerd who looked like he hadn't worked out for the last couple of years, and George, who looked to be about 5'7 and had a beard that was a little to big to actually look good. If the girls had to choose between that and himself, a muscular man with the biggest dick they'd ever seen, they would probably choose him.

The six of them had breakfast together before heading outside. They made the most of the day, and skied for as long as they could. Right after lunch, Jenna accidentally dropped one of her poles. As she bent down to pick it up, Zack got a view of her perky ass - which looked fantastic, even though it was covered in several layers of clothes. That very sight got him thinking of how good it had felt to pound her tight little pussy. He vividly remembered Heather's fantastic blowjob, and her anal, which had made him bust his load faster than he ever had before. That very moment, Zack decided he wanted to fuck both of the girls as soon as possible, and preferably together.

When they got home for the day, it was just about time for dinner. Heather and Jenna were both very eager to cook. The boys grabbed a beer each and sat down in front of the TV, as the girls made dinner. 

An hour later, dinner was ready. Heather and Jenna had cooked a lamb stew. Everyone gladly ate, and complemented their fantastic cooking. 

"Anyone else feel like partying?" Aaron asked when they had finished. "There's a club just a short walk from here."

"Sounds great," George said.

Jonathan nodded in agreement.

"I don't know, man," Zack hesitated. "It's been a long day for me, I was hoping to get some rest."

"Fair enough," Aaron said, before looking over at Heather and Jenna. "How about you girls?"

"We've got to clean up after dinner," Heather said. "Besides, I don't really feel like partying tonight."

"Me neither," Jenna filled in. "I'm a bit tired, to be honest."

"You sure about that?" Jonathan asked. "I think you both could do with a bit of dancing tonight."

"Not tonight, sweetie," Heather replied. "We're staying."

"Alright then," Aaron said. "Looks like it's just the three of us."

"Let's get going," George said, before kissing Jenna goodbye. "We won't be too long."

They left right away. Zack and the girls remained at the table, just catching up. It almost felt like they'd all forgotten about their previous experience together. That was, until one particular question came to Zack's mind. 

"So, how's Cam?" he asked. "Haven't spoken to her in a while."

"She's... fine, I guess," Heather replied after a moment's hesitation. "Her boyfriend discovered your cum stains on her underwear after that night when we, you know... cheered you up, so to speak."

"Speaking of that night," Jenna interrupted, before he even got a chance to respond. "We've got a question."

"Let's hear it," Zack responded. He could sense where this was going, and he liked it.

"Does your cock still do that?" she asked. 

"Uh... do what, exactly?" Zack asked, slightly confused as to what she meant. 

"You know, that whole thing with, like, four orgasms in a row?"

Zack realized this was his chance. It was time to go into full-on seduction mode.

"Oh, I don't know," he teased. "Haven't had sex in a while."

Suddenly, Jenna stood up. She walked around to the short side of the table, and sat down on it. She was sitting right next to Zack, and looked at him with a smirk across her face.

"But we could try it, couldn't we?" Heather asked.

"I suppose we could," Zack said, placing a hand on Jenna's inner thigh and caressing it with his thumb.

He could barely contain himself. Here he was, in an expensive house, about to fuck two of the hottest ladies he knew - who were both in relationships.

"Just a little science," Jenna said, while leaning closer to him. She didn't stop until their noses were touching.

"Just a little bit," Zack whispered, and started kissing her.

Jenna immediately returned his kisses, and their making out quickly turned intense and passionate. Heather got up and walked around the table to join them. He was still sitting in his chair, Jenna was sitting on the table, and Heather stood next to them both. She placed her head next to Jenna's.

Realizing she probably also wanted some attention, he began alternating. He broke his kiss with Jenna to move over to Heather. He gave her a couple of deep kisses, before going back to make out with Jenna. He kept alternating like this, while starting to undress. He unbuckled his belt and pulled his pants and boxers down.

The very moment his dick was exposed, Heather leaped down to his crotch. She got on her knees and started kissing his growing dick. Making sure not to miss a spot, she planted her wet kisses all over it. He had been a little hard all day from fantasizing about their naked bodies, and had leaked a fair amount of precum. Heather licked it all up, as if she was savoring each drop she could gather. 

Jenna broke their kiss, stepped off the table, and kneeled down behind Heather instead. As Heather finally wrapped her lips around Zack's dick, Jenna started undressing her. She unbuckled Heather's belt, and slowly pulled her tight pants down until her entire ass was exposed.

Judging by the look on her face, it was obvious that Jenna was just as turned on by Heather as she was by Zack. He guessed their last experience had gotten her a little bi-curious. Heather kept sucking his dick, and Jenna kept undressing Heather. She pulled her pants and socks all the way off, which left her ass covered in just her panties. 

Heather wiggled her ass as a sign for Jenna to take them off as well. As she did, Zack leaned forward to get a look at her perky ass. Her pink pussy lips were sticking out while she squeezed her legs together.

Jenna ran her hands all over Heather's ass, squeezing and feeling her way around. Heather's ass was surprisingly perky for a woman who had just passed thirty. After a while, Jenna pushed Heather's legs slightly apart to be able to reach her pussy. She started by caressing her pussy with her hands, before sticking a finger inside. Zack could hear Heather's breathing turn heavier, and her body trembled as Jenna moved her finger around.

Eventually, Jenna pulled her finger out. She licked it off and smacked her lips, before pushing her entire face against Heather's pussy. He couldn't see what she was doing anymore. All he could do was imagine how amazing she must be at eating her out. Heather's moans and heavy breathing only confirmed it.

Heather was having a noticeably hard time focusing on her blowjob as Jenna pleasured her from behind. She had stopped moving her head, and had squeezed her eyes shut. Zack realized he had to take control. He placed his hands on the back of her head, holding her hair in place. He then started humping up and down while still sitting down in the chair, turning the whole deal into a facefuck. 

Heather coughed the few times he went too deep, but didn't really seem to care. Even though her mouth was stuffed with Zack's eight-inch cock, she moaned louder and louder as Jenna licked her from behind. Zack could feel himself nearing orgasm.

"Heather, baby," he panted. "I'm cumming!"

It was almost like his warning made her wake up. She started moving her head by herself again, so he stopped humping. Heather worked her tongue around the tip of his dick, while moving her head further back. After just a few seconds, he started shooting.

His load was big, and Heather didn't seem to be expecting it. Shot after shot flew into her mouth. When he'd finished, she coughed. As she opened her mouth, a few drops of cum dripped out onto her chin as she tried to swallow the rest.

Jenna was still caught up with Heather's pussy, and hadn't noticed the fact that Zack had just busted his load in Heather's mouth. Heather pushed Jenna's head back before standing up. She took a step to the side before licking up the jizz that had escaped her mouth. Jenna crawled up to Zack as Heather took the rest of her clothes off.

"What's the verdict, then?" she asked, while unhooking her bra.

"Rock hard," Jenna said, and started kissing Zack's still throbbing cock. "I want this thing inside me so bad!"

She stood up right away, and quickly removed all her clothes. This was the first time Zack had really gotten to compare both of their bodies without any clothes or bras in the way. Heather's ass and tits looked big, probably because she was so short. Jenna, on the other hand, was taller and skinnier. Her ass was a little thicker than Heather's, and her tits about the same size. They were both extremely hot.

Jenna stood up and straddled his lap, placing one leg on each side of him. She grabbed hold of his dick and slowly lowered herself onto it. When it was inside, she let out a loud moan. While Jenna slowly worked his dick inside her, Heather left the room. Zack could only guess where she was going. 

Jenna eventually managed to sit all the way down on his cock. She stopped for a moment, rubbing her crotch against his. He lifted her up slightly, so that her body was a few inches up in the air. He started thrusting in and out as Jenna used the table to hold herself in place. She kept her back bent forward ever so slightly, to get her tits just close enough to where he could kiss and suck them while they fucked.

As usual, he started slow before gradually increasing his pace. After a minute, he was pounding Jenna's pussy insanely fast. Just as he had reached his fastest pace yet, Heather came back into the dining room carrying what looked like a dildo in her hand. She got on her back on top of the table, and stuck the dildo inside her pussy. If he wasn't mistaken, Heather let a few fingers find their way into her asshole as well. Zack could only hope she would let him fuck her up the ass one more time. He still occasionally fantasized about the last time he got inside her asshole.

As he continued to pound Jenna's pussy, he he realized that her clit wasn't getting any attention at all! He had to solve this somehow.

To begin with, he drove his dick as far inside Jenna as he could, making her scream in surprise. He then placed his arms around her back, stood up, and lifted her up with him. He looked down to see a wide smile across her face - Zack knew he was on the right track. His big arms around Jenna's slender frame made him feel powerful, and it made Jenna look even hotter in his eyes. He walked around the table and gently placed her down on the short side, right next to where Heather was lying.

Heather hadn't said a word since she came back, but seemed to enjoy Jenna lying next to her. She turned her face toward her and gave her kiss after kiss as Zack kept fucking her. It didn't take long before Heather had let go of her dildo and turned her attention to Jenna's clit. She rubbed it faster than Zack could ever have managed to, and Jenna's body started shaking from the pleasure.

As a way to return the favor, Jenna reached between Heather's legs and grabbed hold of her dildo. She started shoving it in and out of Heather's pussy to the best of her ability. Jenna was clearly being overwhelmed by the rough fucking and fast clit-rubbing, but tried to keep an even pace on her dildo anyways.

After no more than a minute, Zack noticed that Jenna was starting to tense up. She was breathing heavier than before, and he could see her legs shivering slightly. Heather seemed to notice as well, and began rubbing her clit even quicker than before. Suddenly, Jenna's pussy began clamping around Zack's cock. It was obvious that she was cumming, and she had completely stopped playing with Heather's dildo. The two of them had stopped their kissing as well, and were just lying down with their mouths pressed together as he rode Jenna's orgasm out. 

Zack felt himself nearing orgasm a second time, but didn't want to waste his load when Jenna was still orgasming and couldn't appreciate it properly. He desperately tried to hold it in until her breathing had calmed down.

After a while, Jenna's breathing returned to normal and a smile spread across her face. She looked deep into his eyes, and he couldn't hold his cum in any longer. He immediately pulled out, and grabbed Jenna's arm to guide her down to the floor. He started shooting even before she could kneel down, and some of his first shots landed on her thighs and stomach. He then kept spraying her face, with her tits getting their fair share as well. He was careful not to get anything on her glasses, since it would probably be a pain to clean up later.

When he had finished shooting, Jenna started licking herself around the mouth. She swallowed the cum she could lick up, and scooped the rest into her mouth using her fingers. When she had swallowed everything from her body, she licked her cum-covered fingers while looking into his eyes. His dick was still hard as ever - and the sight in front of him got him incredibly horny. It was time to move on to Heather.

Zack walked over to the table where she was lying. Heather pulled the dildo out of her pussy right away, as an invite. She didn't bother taking her fingers out of her asshole, presumably because it wasn't loose enough yet.

"Let's go to my bedroom," Jenna suggested before grabbing the dildo. "Me and George have a big bed."

Heather sat up on the table, and prepared to slide off it and walk to Jenna's bedroom. But he stopped her and instead placed his hands under her ass. She wasn't very heavy, so he could lift her just as easily as he'd lifted Jenna. Heather laughed before starting to jerk him off behind her back. As he began following Jenna to her bedroom, Heather wrapped her legs around his back.

When they arrived in Jenna's bedroom, he placed Heather down on the edge of the bed. She spun around onto her stomach and Jenna laid down in front of her. He was getting a perfect view of Heather's perky ass, and couldn't contain himself any longer. He shoved his dick inside her pussy, making her gasp in surprise. 

As Zack started pounding Heather, she stuck a couple of fingers back inside her asshole. Jenna had laid down on her back in front of Heather, and spread her legs. She scooted down toward Heather until her face was pushing against Jenna's pussy. Jenna started moaning louder and louder as Heather treated her. Even though Jenna had gotten a lot sluttier since the last time they met, it was clear that Heather was still the more experienced of the two.

As he admired Jenna's body, he felt a strong desire to fuck her again. Her pussy had felt better, but he couldn't just deny Heather. Fortunately, he got an idea.

"Jenna, come here," he said, and patted the bed next to Heather.

He grabbed each side of Heather's chest and pulled her off the bed. Jenna got down right next to her until they were both bent over the bedside. He pulled out of Heather's pussy, and instead moved over to Jenna. He thrust as far inside her as he could, making her scream. He gave her just a couple more thrusts before going back to Heather. He fucked her just as hard, and she screamed just as loud as Jenna. The entire room became filled with the sound of his hip smashing against their asses, as well as their screams of pleasure mixed with a little pain.
