 The photographer had told Zelena that there might be an opportunity to do some pornography, which would pay more money, with one or more men or another woman and for her to think about whether she wanted to do that. 

She had never thought about "doing things" with another woman so the next time she was over at Bella's apartment she talked to her about it.

"Have you ever been with another woman?" She asked Bella, talking in their own language.

"Well, yes, that's part of the game. Sometimes a man will hire you to be with his wife while he watches, or sometimes he'll want to join you and his wife. Sometimes a woman will hire you to have sex with her. You've never been with another woman, have you Zelly?"

Zelena was surprised, and a little shocked that her friend spoke so casually of having sex with a woman. 

"No, never. How can you do things like that? Are you a lesbian?"

Bella laughed. "My dear innocent friend. No, I'm not a lesbian, but it's rather nice to feel a woman's touch sometimes. Would you like to know what it's like?"

She leaned toward Zelena and kissed her on the lips. Zelena sat stiffly while her friend kissed her more ardently, pushing her lips open with her tongue, then her hand pushed under her sweater and started to feel her breast through her bra.

Zelena couldn't believe the feeling she was starting to have, that warm tingly feeling, just as if she were with a man. She couldn't help herself, and started to return Bella's kiss, and when Bella asked her to take off her clothes she readily complied. 

Soon the two girls were both naked, kissing and fondling each others bodies. The feel of Bella's breast in her hand made Zelly very hot, and she loved the reaction she felt when she took Bella's nipple in her mouth and sucked on it. 

Bella groaned with passion and her fingers found their way between Zelly's legs, touching her clitoris and slipping into her wet hole. Zelena opened her legs and Bella slid down to kiss her labia and started licking her vagina.

The pleasure she was starting to feel made Zelena's heart pound and she felt herself pushing her hips toward Bella's mouth. She felt as if she was on the verge of an orgasm, but never quite reached it although when Bella touched a sensitive spot her hips jerked spasmodically.

Bella stopped what she was doing and asked Zelena:

"Do you like that Zelly?"

Zelena paused. She didn't want Bella to think she was enjoying it so much. "I think so, yes."

Bella's head went down between her legs again, licking, licking, but now she started to push her hips toward Zelena, who got the message and slipping her hand between Bella's legs. She felt soft smooth inner thigh; the light covering of pubic hair; the half open outer labia; the soft, wet inner lips.

She starting kissing, kissing Bella's thighs, her labia, and smelled the odor of sex from her vagina, while Bella continued kissing and licking her. Did she dare return this kiss, this kiss of the deepest love? In spite of the odor her tongue flicked out and touched Bella's labia, then again, penetrating slightly. When she repeated it again she touched her clitoris, and she felt Bella give a jerk.

Even though she felt repelled, she couldn't help herself and parting Bella's lips with her fingers and started to lick, lick, lick. Bella groaned but kept on licking too. Zelena hadn't ever seen another woman's vagina, let alone touched it, but now she felt incredibly hot, being licked and licking. 

It was an extraordinary feeling and soon she felt an orgasm sweep through her body like a fiery explosion. It started between her legs where Bella was licking her clitoris so wonderfully, and exploded in her throat, making her gasp and sob.

"Oh God! Oh God!" She sobbed. "Bella, Bella my love."

Bella slowed and stopped. "Are you okay Zelly?"

Zelena said nothing at first, then "Better than okay, Bella." She murmured, eyes shut. "I've never had a feeling like that. I want it again."

The two girls went on licking each other, until they'd each had at least one orgasm, until Zelena felt Bella stop. She felt the other woman's fingers exploring her vagina, stretching it, and pushing two, three, finally four fingers into her until it started to hurt, but felt exciting too.

"You have a nice tight little cunt, Zelly." Bella told her. "Do you like it when I push my hand into it?"

"Yes, but it hurts a little. Yours is nice too, still soft and pink, but it's a little big. It stretches open quite a long way."

"Yes, I've had one of the other girls fist me. Some day you should try that, it feels soooo good."

"Fist, what's fist?"

"That's when someone puts their hand into you. Some day you'll have to try it. But now let's get up. We'll do this again some time soon."

Zelena got up reluctantly, and started dressing. They heard one of the other girls come in, and when they came out Zsazsa was warming up some soup to eat. 

"You two been having fun?" she asked

"Yes, I've been showing Zelly how girls can have fun without a man."

"Do you like that Zelly?"

"Yes." Zelena answered shyly.

"Don't worry, we all have a go to break up the monotony, darling. You and I will have to do it some time."

Bella made a pot of tea and she and Zelena were just sitting down in the living when the doorbell rang. Bella went to the door and peered through the peep hole, then opened the door. It was a customer whom she called Dick. She introduced Dick to Zelena.

"Who's this? I haven't met Zelena before."

"Zelly's a friend from my country, in fact from the same village."

"Is she working?" Dick asked.

"No, Zelly's new and hasn't started working yet."

"Can I be her first?" He continued.

"Well, I don't know. How about it Zelly, would you like to start today?" She smiled.

"Well, ah, I don't know. I hadn't expected......"

"Well, would you like to try it?" Bella asked her. When she still hesitated Bella went on. "Why don't we go back to the bedroom and I'll tell you a few things you should know. Is that okay with you Dick? And how about you Zsazsa, do you mind if Zelly starts today?"

They both, so Bella took Zelly back to her bedroom to explain a few things to her. First, most important, always use a condom, she told her. Then, get the money first, even with someone you know. Always check his cock for disease and she'd show Zelly how to do that. Her pussy should be shaved, but there was no time for that, Dick would understand. 

She lent Zelena stockings and garter belt because that was what Dick liked, and a skirt instead of her jeans. Zelena didn't use much make-up so Bella helped her with that and as soon as Zelena was ready they went back to the living room.

Zelena was nervous and excited. She'd never been with a strange man and besides, this was her first experience getting paid for sex. On top of that she was still feeling the warm glow from the experience she and Bella had just shared. she stepped into the living room Dick was excited at the subtle but marked change in her appearance. He enjoyed visiting these girls because, unlike other prostitutes, they were so natural and so pleasant. There wasn't a rush to get it over, but they would entertain a man for as long as he wanted before going back and getting down to business.

"My you look lovely Zelly. I don't know if I can afford you. How much will that be?"

Bella jumped right in as Zelena hesitated. "Well it would normally be the usual fee, but since you are her first she wants an extra 50 pounds."

Zelena was startled at the figure Bella quoted but kept her composure and Dick said "Of course. I wouldn't have expected to pay anything less." But, even though he could afford it, he wished that these lovely girls would charge less for half an hour. He knew that if he could last an hour or even two the fee would be the same but he was lucky to last half an hour.

They went into Bella's bedroom and she showed Zelena how to check a man's penis for disease, which Dick didn't mind because here was one lovely girl fondling his penis in front of another.

When they were alone Dick took Zelena in his arms and kissed her, something some other girls didn't allow. They sat on the bed and he slipped her sweater off to get to her breasts and she started to feel warm and tingly between her legs as he kissed and sucked her nipples.

"Take off your knickers." He told her, and he slipped his hand between her legs.

This girl was perfect Dick thought as Zelena lay back on the bed and opened her legs for him. She wasn't shaved, how lovely, how natural. It was like being on a date with a compliant girl. And she made those little noises, sighs and gasps, as his fingers explored her vagina and found her clitoris.

When he put his face down between her legs she spread wider and he smelled her female odor with just enough perfume. He licked and she moaned. Perfect: perfect taste; perfect smell; perfect sounds.

For Zelena too it was perfect. This strange man's tongue on her private, intimate parts was setting her on fire. She was no longer a prostitute but a woman enjoying wonderful sex. She wanted his cock in her, fucking her. And when he finally entered her she moaned with sheer delight.

She had fumbled a little in rolling the condom on to his penis, but her unprofessional way only endeared her to him. Now she spread wide for him. She didn't much like the feeling of the rubber condom, but this was the first man outside her family who had fucked her and she was excited.

Dick wanted this to last forever, he was getting so much pleasure from this sweet innocent little prostitute, but when after a few minutes he felt her shudder as she had an orgasm he couldn't stop, but shot his load of sperm into the condom. 

Dick and Zelena held each other for a few minutes then separated. Zelena both loved and hated separating from a man after sex: she loved the feeling of his penis as it slipped through and out of her vagina, and tightened it to heighten the feeling, but there was a certain sadness in knowing that it was over.

Dick kissed her again, then got up to find his clothes. This sex had been particularly good, because it was so physically enjoyable, but also knowing that he was her first customer, and that he'd introduced her to prostitution. This made it more sinful, and he enjoyed the part of visiting prostitutes that made it seem sinful.

For her part Zelena too enjoyed knowing that she was now a prostitute, or as she liked to call herself, an escort. She wondered what the priest in the village would think when he found out, because she knew that soon the whole village would know.