 The chatter from the monkeys was deafening. We had picked a bad place for a first meeting. I looked around again. No one in sight but the gorgeous little female sitting on the bench looking around. Could it be? I had to find out. I got up and walked towards her. Her eyes followed me. I stopped in front of her. "Angela?" I asked. Her face broke into a lovely smile, "Yes, I am Angela."

"May I sit beside you?"

"NO!" I guess my disappointment showed. She quickly added, "It is too noisy here, lets find some place quieter." She rose and I offered my arm and she took it as we walked along a walk through the trees, There was a bench overlooking a small pond. I pointed to it and she smiled up at me and nodded. I took out my handkerchief and cleaned a place for her to sit. It was nice and quiet and in the shade. We turned towards each other and smiled. "I couldn't believe.."

We both said at the same time. We both grinned and laughed at each other. 

"Ladies first," I said.

She said, "I couldn't believe you could be Mike Stewart. How could she do that to you?"

"I had the same problem, I kept watching you, you are very beautiful. How would any man be nuts enough to take a chance of loosing her? I said to myself. Can't be her I told myself. Then I crossed my fingers and asked you." 

She smiled, "I don't want to even talk about them. How are you weathering the divorce?"

"I have been up and down. After five years of living with someone you become very lonesome by yourself. I don't cry as much anymore. How about you?"

"About the same, I keep wondering what I did wrong. I tried to be everything he wanted me to be. Did every thing he wanted to do. I was always there for him in every way."

She sniffled a little and I took her hand and looked in those big brown eyes filled with tears. "Stop that right now! I didn't come here to listen to you ball, that's my job."

She wiped her eyes, "I'm sorry, I promised myself I would never shed a tear over him again."

"Hey! If anyone in the world understands it is me. I have been told I have a very comfortable shoulder if you need to let it all out. Please don't cry, I hate it when you cry. I have a very bad Shining Knight Syndrome, If girls cry I have a irresistible urge to rescue them. Especially when they are as beautiful as you are."

"Thank you, You are very cute. It really does bother you a lot when I cry doesn't it, I can see it in your face."

"How can you call a big horse like me cute, I might buy,

nice, or pleasant, or even unugly, but not cute."

"Unugly? I'll just stick with cute, which is what you are."

"OK, Let's get down to serious business, what kind of music do you like, Do you like fishing, hunting, flying, boating or walking. Do you like museums, galleries, concerts? Do you swim. Can you bake a cake, do you like football and is your mother Irish?"

"Wow! You are serious, Let's see, I like country music, and I love fishing, hunting and boating, I swim like a fish and bake a mean cake. Mom isn't Irish but Daddy is. I love football." 

She smiled up at me and I fell in love. I can't do this I thought to myself. I'm not ready for this. What can I do. Get up and run away as fast as you can. Yeah! Right.

"Why are you looking at me like that?" she asked. 

"Oh! I'm sorry, where were we?" 

"We were talking about what I like and I want to hear what you like, OK."

"I like you very, very much. I like the way you smile, I like the way you smell, I love the way you look. I love to hear you talk. I love the way you are. And I like all the things I asked you about."

"Oh! My! I feel the same about you. What are we going to do?"

"We are going to go slow, I would like to take you to dinner tonight, then dancing, even if I am not good at it at all. I want to keep learning about you. I need to know everything about you."

"I like your plan. We'll do it. Do I need to change my dress?"

"No you are perfect like you are."

"Would you help me change my shoes, then I can put them back on later."

I got on my knees before her and she placed her little foot on my knee. I untied the bow and carefully unwrapped it from her leg. She put it in her bag and handed me a little white low heeled shoe. She put the other sandal on my knee. I undid the ribbon and caressed her lower leg as I freed the ribbon. I exchanged the shoes. I wanted to spread her legs and plunge my face between them.

Instead I got up and we walked to the exit to the park. Without the heels she was even littler. I wanted to pick her up and hug her to me and just carry her every where with me forever. I loved the way she glanced up at me with a little smile. We found a shady bench and talked about where to go. I suggested we take her car to her mother and father's house where she was staying. Then we would take my car for the evening. She grinned up at me. "If we are going to my place I am going to take a real quick shower an slip into something else, OK." It was no time before we were at her family's house. I liked her Mom and Dad, she was tiny and lovely and he was a horse like me. I was glad he was not into testing people by their handshakes. She was gone only a few minutes She was wearing a little suit that was adorable on her. Sexy as all hell! I loved the way she looked. Her Dad looked at her and then at me. He smiled, "You will be back." 

"You can take that to the bank, if she will invite me."

"I don't think you need to worry bout that, Son."

I helped her in my truck and said, "Now we just have to go to my place while I change."

She said, "Fine, is it far?"

"Not really."

We went in my apartment, "Can I trust you not to peek while I change?"

"No."

"Oh!"

I took a fast shower and put on some fresh slacks, slipped into a turtleneck and grabbed a blazer and was ready. She smiled when I came in. "You look cute in your birthday suit.

"What?"

"I'm only kidding, I didn't peek, I wanted to though."

"Really?"

"Yep." 

"Have you ever been to the Yearling Restaurant?"

"I have heard of it. I've never been. Isn't it a long way off?"

"I haven't been in years. It is about thirty minutes from here. Want to try?"

"If you want to go, I am with you."

"You are easy to get along with."

"I like to please. Don't ever cross me though. I can be a little bitch."

"I have a great deal of trouble seeing you as a bitch. You are too sweet. I think the first time a guy crossed you he would get little hint that you were not pleased, like a knee in the balls."

Her mouth dropped open, then she started laughing. She covered her mouth with her hands. She looked at me then giggled again. She was adorable when she laughed. I loved to watch her laugh.

"If you are going to be a bad boy maybe you better wear a jock strap with a cup."

"You wouldn't do that to me would you?"

"I might, just so I could kiss it and make it better." This time I did the double take.

She had another giggle fit, "You are fun to tease."

"Don't get ME mad. I might turn you over my knee and put a wooping on your bottom."

"Just so you could kiss it and make it better?"

"You got that right baby girl."

"I love it when you say that."

"What?"

"Baby girl."

"I love you baby girl."

"Don't say that, if you don't mean it."

"I do love you, baby girl. I just realized I really do."

"I think I am falling in love with you too, Mike."

"Oh! God! I hope so, I really hope so."

"I have never enjoyed being with someone so much in my whole life. I feel I have known you forever."

"I think we are almost there."

"Did you turn around a little bit ago?"

"Yes, I have had a change of plans."

"When do I get to hear about them."

"Not yet. Do you like sea food?"

"Yes I love it."

"Here is the new plan, I am going to stop at the Long John Silver's and get two shrimp dinner's to go. Then we are going to my place to eat them. OK?"

"Do you have any Captain Morgan at your place?"

"I sure do. That is my usual."

"Mine too. No wonder we love each other."

"You Do?" 

"I do."

Twenty minutes later we walked in my apartment. I put the bags on the table and turned her to face me. I pulled her gently to me watching for any sign of resistance or discomfort from her. When she was close enough I placed my arms around her and lowered my face to hers she lifted her face to mine and our lips met. It was like sticking my tongue in a light socket. Wow! A shock went through my whole system. I loved it. I pulled back and looked at her, her eyes were closed. They slowly opened. "That was divine. Kiss me again." she murmured. I did. Equally wonderful.

I turned and took her arms and sat her at the little table. I got out some plates and put the meals on them. I poured some white wine in wine glasses and joined her at the table. I reached over and held her hand and said a prayer and thanked God for our food and for bringing us together. Her amen was as loud as mine. The dinner was nice but it could have been straw and I would have liked it. Her eyes never left mine as we ate. I looked at her when we were through, "Baby Girl, will you stay with me tonight?" 

"Where did you get that name for me?"

"I don't know, I have never used it for anyone else. It just fits you, I think. I won't use it if you don't like it.

"I love it, it makes me tingle when you say it. And the answer is yes, yes, yes. I will stay with you as long as you will have me." 

"Leave every thing on the table, I'll clean up later. Let's move into the living room for a while. We took our wine glasses an sat on the couch. I put my arm around her and kissed her lips softly. Heaven. 

We broke the kiss and each sipped our wine. I looked at her, "Baby girl, I want you more than I have ever wanted any woman in my whole life, but I don't want to rush this seduction. I want to savor every second. It is like a really fine wine, you do not just gulp it down. It must be tasted and savored each sip you take. I may not be able to control my self later but that is how I feel now."

"Dear Mike, I feel the same way. I love the taste of your lips, the rest I will taste later. Kiss me some more, I love your lips and tongue."

I pulled her closer and let my hands caress her warm little body. She pulled away and I helped her take her suit jacket off. She had on only a little sheer bra. I wanted to rip it off. I didn't. Instead I pushed her off of me and stood and picked her up and carried her to my bedroom. Put her down and pulled the covers down. I lifted her onto the bed and she watched as I took my clothes off. My turtleneck flew across the room, followed by my pants. I looked at her as she watched me pull my boxers down. She gave a little smile when she saw my cock. She stood and dropped her skirt. She had on stockings, a garter belt and bra and panties. She looked at me as she removed the bra and panties. She was perfect. So damned hot looking. I sat on the bed and gently pulled her to me. Her breasts were at a nice height for my mouth so I put it to work on them. God they were good. The nipples just jumped up as my tongue touched them. Oh yes, they were so hard and long for her tiny body. I caressed the other breast and my free hand loved her back side. It felt so nice I had to turn her around and kiss it. She giggled.

I pulled her back on the bed where I could really have my way with her. I kissed her sweet lips for a long time while my hands roamed over her body. I kissed my way to her smooth shaven mound and moved between her thighs. I kissed the smooth soft skin above her stockings, satin. Warm smooth satin. Her secret places beckoned me. I was drawn there by an irresistible force. I spread her labia and parted her inner lips with my thumbs. My tongue searched for and found her clit. Her hands pressed my face deeper into her pussy. She smelled and tasted so sweet and clean I wanted to lick and suck on every inch of her. I did my best to do that until she pulled at my head and begged me to enter her. 

"I need you inside me now, please do me now my lover. Please fuck me now. Your baby girl wants you to fuck her now. Oh! Yes, Yes, just like that. Oh! Wow! You are so big. I love it. Oh! Wonderful! Soooo Gooood! Oh my yes. I love that. Yes, kiss me too. Ahhhh, my Godddd." She screamed my name and I stopped and looked at her afraid I had hurt her.

She shouted, "Noooo don't stop noww. Keeep going, Oh! Yes lover, harder, Ayeeeeeeee! Oh! OH! Ahaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa." She was quiet, her head to one side with a beautiful smile on her lovely face. I reached down and pulled the covers up over us as I pulled my limp soldier out of her hot tight tunnel.

I softly kissed her lips and she opened her eyes and grinned. "Wow! Hold me. I love you Mike. Hold me tight. Mmmm that's so good to feel you against me." I kissed her again and her eyes slipped closed. I was so content, I only hoped it was as good for her. I turned off the light. I watched her as she slept.

I got up and cleaned up the leftovers from dinner and put things away. I got a clean towel and raised her hips and covered the large wet spot. I climbed back in bed and turned off the light and pulled her to me. She moaned and snuggled close to me. Wonderful.

I woke in the morning and turned and watched her sleep. God she was beautiful. Her eyes fluttered and opened. A big smile was her greeting. She wiggled over closer to me and buried her face in my shoulder. "I know I look a sight. My hair a mess and my makeup all smeared."

"I have been watching you for twenty minutes and I think you are the most beautiful baby girl I have ever seen." She lifted her head and kissed me. Our mouths opened and our tongues met. She pulled back a little and looked at me with wide eyes, "You even taste good in the morning." 

"You do too!"

Just then my phone rang. I answered it. "Hi! Pop, how are you this wonderful, beautiful morning?"

"I was about to ask you the same thing."

"I'm fine, how is Goldie?"

"She is fine, we were wondering if you could join us for brunch?" 

"Just a second Dad." I looked at Angela, "Would you like to meet my father for brunch?" She nodded.

"I would love to come if I can bring my new best friend."

"Of course you can, Is ten too early?" I looked at my girl, "Ten?"

"Fine. Will I have time to go change?" I nodded.

"Dad, we will be there about ten. I love you. Bye."

"Angel we can shower here and get a cup of coffee then go by your place on our way to Dad's."

"Where does he live?"

"Out near Fort McCoy. Do you know where that is?"

"Yes I do, my Grandpa lived near there. It sounds like a plan to me. Come on I want to make love before we shower."

"Now that sounds like a plan to me." I pulled her to me and kissed her hard while my hands roamed over her body. She squealed and pulled away and pushed me on my back with surprising strength.

She was on my stomach before I knew what was going on. Her lips pressed against mine. Her tongue tickled mine. "I am going to love you this morning. Lay back, and I hope you enjoy it." She slid down my body, her soft breasts trailing over my chest. She played with my nipples for a moment with her lips and hands.

Then she straddled my hips and raised up. She grinned at me and unfastened her strawberry blond hair and threw her head from side to side creating a mane of golden hair framing her face and covering her breasts down to her waist. She slipped over my erection and grasped it with both her little hands.

"Oh! He is as beautiful as he feels." Her mouth covered the head of my pulsing shaft. She sucked gently on it. The she kissed her way to my pubic hair and rubbed her little nose in it. "I love the way that smells, so sexy. Makes me soooo hot. She slavered her saliva over the length of him and stroked the slippery shaft with her hands while her mouth loved the crown. I knew I couldn't take that for very long.

I told her I was about to cum in her mouth and she grinned, "I want that, but I want him inside me first." She lifted over me and guided my cock to her pussy. She was wet and ready. She slipped all the way down over him. Then she started to move, damn she really knew how to work that rod with the sheath of her pussy. It grasped, then released him over and over. I was like a wet velvet glove stroking me.

Oh! Shit, this is heaven, Jesus, I knew I was going to shoot my load in a second. I told her so. She lifted off him and slipped down and took him in her mouth. Her hands twisted as they slipped over the shaft. Her mouth sucked and licked and sucked again.

I felt the familiar sensation surging through me, only stronger than ever before. White lights flashed in my eyes. Thunder crashed in my ears. My cum pulsed into her sweet mouth. Every thing dimmed for a bit then I felt her warm lips on mine and she was asking if I were alright. I held her tight and whispered that I was more alright than I had ever been in my whole life. I told her that was the best orgasm of my entire life. I put my hands under her arms and lifted her over me.

I got her by the hips and pulled her over my face. I placed her pussy over my face and ate her out. I feasted on her clit until she was screaming with joy. I sucked her inner lips in my mouth and pulsed the suction on them while I move up and down her slit. I pulled her forward a little more and rimmed her little pink ass hole.

She shrieked as I pushed my tongue inside as far as I could. Her juices were flooding my face now and I slurped up all I could reach. A shudder went through her and she slumped off to the side.

In an instant her lips were on mine. "Oh! God you are wonderful. Everything you do feels so damned good. You make me feel things I have never felt before."

"Baby girl, you do the same to me. I want to just stay here with you and make love all day long. OK."

"We'll do that tomorrow, We have to get going now don't we?"

"Yes Dear, you are right. Humm, I think I can look forward to a lifetime of saying that to you?"

"That has to be the sweetest thing anyone ever said to me. Is that what you want?"

"Yes."

"Me too! Especially the part about me being right!"

"I didn't hear that."

"You said it, not me." 

"I know, sometimes my mouth just goes off on it's own."

"I love you, Mike, I'll let you be right once in a while."

"Thank you, Dear, You are right."

We turned off the highway and on a narrow winding road that crossed the end of a long cleared field extending over a low rise in the ground. 

"What is that, a proposed highway?"

"No that's Dad's airstrip."

"Your father has his own airport?"

"Yep, he sure does. You will like him, he calls himself the Old Grouch, but he is a old softie. I love him to pieces. He has a brand new lady. They are engaged. I haven't met her yet." 

"Is this road part of his place too?" 

"Yeah, we have been on his place since we turned off the highway. This is the driveway to his house. You will see it when we turn that next bend."

"Is that his house next to that palm grove? Oh! It is nice."

I laughed, "No sweetie that is the servant's quarters."

"What?"

"Yep, the old grouch lives in the palm grove, you'll see the house soon. There it is now. There is Hiro, Dad's House boy." We stopped under the portico and the Japanese man opened Angela's door.

"Welcome to the Stewart home Missy, you velly welcome here."

"Thank you Hiro, thanks for the rose too!"

"Hey, Mikey, good to see you man!"

"Good to see you too Hiro, you look good, how is Anna?"

"She is fine, the Boss and his lady are on the patio. Wait 'till you see Miss Goldie." Hiro grinned like a monkey. I gave my arm to Angela and led her into the cool house. We walked through a large foyer and then through a huge living room. We could see my Dad and a woman under the shade of a large umbrella. He jumped up when he saw us. He was tall, broad shouldered and very handsome. 'Mike, you look good, Wow, who is this lovely child?"
