 Danny was a friend from my college days and I had gotten to know him pretty well since then. He was tall, muscular and very good looking. We'd hang out and have a few beers together and the occasional coffee every now and then, but even though we had grown close, it never occurred to me to introduce him to my girlfriend Zoe. I decided it was time.

I had met up with Danny downtown at some independent cafe and told Zoe to meet us there. He and I had spoken for about half an hour before she showed up. I introduced them to each other and Zoe took a seat next to me. She was nicely dressed in tight jeans, heels and a vibrant red top. I wasn't sure about what I was seeing and maybe it was just all in my head, but I was pretty sure that Danny was flirting and checking Zoe out. Telling myself I was crazy and that one of my closest friends would never do that, we continued on with our evening.

We had talked for about an hour or so (most of Danny's attention geared toward Zoe of course) before Zoe got up to go to the washroom. As Zoe walked by him, his head followed. That's when I knew I wasn't crazy. Danny had clearly checked out Zoe's ass in front of me. I couldn't blame him though. With the way she was dressed in those tight fitting jeans, I guess I would have done the same thing. 

Zoe got back from the washroom and was ready to head back home, but before we headed our separate ways, Danny had suggested that we all go out some time for drinks or to a club. We all agreed that it would be something fun for us to do and planned an outing for the following Friday night.

For the whole week leading up to our night out, I couldn't stop thinking about how interested Danny seemed to be in Zoe, and about how obvious he made it that he was checking her out. I never mentioned anything to him, not wanting to tarnish our relationship over something silly like that.

Friday night came along and Zoe was being her usual self, prepping for out night out. I had already been ready for a while and was becoming tired of waiting for her to be ready to head out.

Just when I was about to tell Zoe to get a move on, she emerged from the bedroom looking better than I had ever seen her before. Her long red hair was straightened, her make-up was immaculate, and she was wearing a very classy looking blue dress that fell just a few inches below her ass. Oh, and let's not forget the unusually arousing black heels she was sporting. She looked at me, smiled, and told me she was ready to go.

As we got to the club, Danny met us outside. He was dressed to impress as well in his nicely pressed jeans, leather shoes and white shirt and tie, all topped off with a black blazer. I could have sworn that I saw Zoe and Danny look each over, up and down.

We spoke for a bit before heading inside where Danny brought us to his favorite barmaid. That's where the fun started. The drinks started being thrown back, and before you know it, we were all on the dance floor having a great time. 

After all the alcohol, as we all know, nature will eventually call, so I headed to the washroom to take care of some business, leaving Zoe and Danny to dance alone with each other. When I got back, that was exactly what they were doing. Not even touching each other, but just dancing, laughing and genuinely having a great time. Maybe I really was crazy for thinking they were into each other. Oh well...

Danny had offered to drive us back to our apartment that night, to which Zoe and I both happily accepted seeing as he had had much, much less to drink than the two of us. 

I had invited him upstairs into the apartment and offered him a beer as a thank you for making sure we got home ok. Zoe and I sat on the couch across from Danny and we began talking about how much fun we had that night. Once again, all of Danny's attention seemed to be primarily focused on Zoe. He was very relaxed as he listened to what she had to say and when the conversation turned to what Zoe had studied in school, I excused myself and headed for the washroom.

After about 5 minutes in the washroom, I had realized that the talking had stopped and there was complete silence. I wasn't expecting what I found when I walked back into the living room.

Danny was no longer sitting on the sofa where he had been when I had left. Where I did find him though, had my heart beating fast and my breathing growing heavier.

He was on his knees in front of Zoe, her dress now hiked up above her waist. Danny was holding her legs up and apart, and as if it was instinct, his tongue was sliding up and down her visibly soaking wet pussy. Zoe's head was thrown back and her eyes were closed. She was breathing heavily and I could hear sloppy wet noises coming from between her legs as she was obviously enjoying Danny's oral talents.

I couldn't believe it. My best friend from college was right out eating my girl's pussy. In my living room. On my couch. In front of me. She wasn't objecting.

Danny must have felt that I was watching because he stopped, but only for a moment, to look up at me and flash me an I-win kind of smile before diving right back to eating Zoe out.

Zoe moaned loudly as she opened her eyes and realized that I was standing there watching her get eaten by my best friend. She stretched out her arm in my direction, motioning for me to come closer. As I walked up to the couch she instinctively grabbed my belt and started undoing it. Looking up at me she whispered to me that she was sorry and continued to let out a loud pleasurable moan. She pulled down my pants and boxers, and before I knew it, my raging hard-on was being slid into her warm wet mouth.

I couldn't believe what was happening. Zoe sucked and licked my cock slowly, moaning as Danny's tongue began flicking faster and faster all over her pussy. Her gaze was fixed on my facial expression as I continued watching Danny work on her now glistening pussy. I wasn't sure how long I could hold back for. This was turning me on so much for some reason.

Not a word was spoken as Danny got up from the floor and began un-zipping his pants. Zoe let go of my cock and her focus turned to Danny. I could tell by the look in her eyes that she was intently waiting for his rod to spring free from his pants. She was definitely curious about his size, and to be honest, so was I.

He pulled his pants down, and let his long thick member loose. Zoe gasped at the sight, and Danny smiled, obviously pleased with her reaction. My eyes grew wide when I saw it as well. It was a couple of inches bigger than mine, and definitely thicker.

Zoe sat up and leaned toward Danny, quickly grabbing his cock and stroking it slowly. He grunted, and looking at her with a devilish smile, he motioned for me to come stand next to him.

Before I knew it, Zoe was taking turns sucking us off together. Back and forth, she sucked us slowly as we moaned with pleasure. Danny told her to play with her pussy while she sucked us, and Zoe happily obliged.

My best friend was getting sucked by my girl with me, and we were all enjoying it.

I could tell that Zoe was getting hornier by the second as she started sucking us faster and faster. Eventually, she had completely let go of me and was giving all of her attention to Danny. She looked up at him and never broke eye contact as she slid his whole long girthy length down her throat. I was amazed, and so was he. I had no idea she could do that.

It seemed like Danny had had enough of getting his dick sucked. He forcefully pulled Zoe up onto her feet and lifted her dress over her head, leaving her standing in front of him in only her bra, which he wasted no time removing.

He leaned in and gave her a kiss before moving southward to her perky breasts, licking and sucking her nipples while his free hand glided down her back side and landed on her bubbly ass, squeezing and grabbing it. She let out a heavy sigh.

Danny then proceeded to pick her up, and like it was natural, Zoe's legs wrapped around Danny's waist. In each other's arms, they began making out furiously as Danny carried her to our bedroom. I followed, unsure of how this would all unfold.

He layed her on her back on the bed and stood tall before her with his enormous manly erection. Without even asking for permission, he went for what he really wanted. In the blink of an eye, Danny was slowly sliding his entire length into my girlfriend's waiting pussy. There wasn't a sound. Just Zoe's eyes and mouth growing wide as she felt him inside her. Obviously the biggest she's ever had.

Danny looked back at me and smiled. 

"She likes it", he taunted.

Just then, he began pumping into her, gradually increasing his speed. Her arms wrapped around his neck as she began moaning louder and louder. Nothing like I had ever heard before. She was loving it, and I couldn't stop stroking myself while watching all of this unfold.

Just when I thought she couldn't get any louder, Danny lifted Zoe's legs over his shoulders and gave her one deep, hard thrust. She screamed, he moaned, and he repeated the motion again. Not fast, not slow, just deep hard thrusts. Before I knew it, Zoe was cumming all over Danny's cock. Her body trembling and writhing in pleasure. I could tell that he was getting close as well. 

He began moaning and grunting with each deep thrust he made and kept going at Zoe like that until he announced that he was ready to shoot his load.

Pulling out of her pussy, he stood at the side of the bed over my beautiful girlfriends face, stroking his cock. Zoe sat up facing him, pushed his hands away and began stroking and sucking his swollen throbbing tool.

Before long, Danny let out a loud violent grunt, grabbed Zoe's head and made one hard deep thrust into her throat. His head fell back as he held Zoe's head in place, his cock deep down her throat, and began shooting his thick creamy load.

Zoe didn't move or make a sound as he slowly pulled out of her mouth. I wasn't sure she had swallowed him until I heard her make a gulping sound.

She looked up at him and smiled as he walked away and made his way to the living room to gather his clothes.

He got dressed and as he walked out the front door, gave me a pat on the shoulder and flashed me that I-win smile again as the door closed behind him.