 Zoe woke up late. Or at least, late for most people, but not late for Zoe. The house was quiet. She lay under the thin quilt and enjoyed the sounds of the French countryside through the open window. The birds sang. The sun streamed in. It was all delicious. She wriggled her legs. Her knickers rubbed snugly up against her crotch. She wanted coffee but her bed was too comfortable to leave. She wished someone would bring her breakfast and she imagined what it would be like if Finn brought it and then sat on the edge of her bed while she lay there in her white knickers under the duvet. 

Maybe he would try to tell her about Shakespeare. Again. Maybe she would pretend it was interesting. Again. That, to be fair, was supposed to be the reason why they'd asked the shy graduate student along for the "reading week". But what she most wanted to talk to Finn about was whether he liked her tits more than he liked Sammi's tits. Although she was pretty confident about the answer, she wanted to hear him tell her. She wanted even more to feel his big hands and his soft lips all over her best-of-all possible tits. She imagined this happening and her fingers drifted up to her nipple. She brushed it and it sprang up under her fingers. She pulled it gently and felt a soft warm glow between her legs. Her other hand slid inside her knickers. The lips of her cunt parted to welcome her fingertips with a slick wet kiss. 

Luc watched Sammi climbing over a stile. It was fun. Since yesterday morning when he'd brought her and her friends the keys to his family's holiday cottage he'd been imagining how it would be make love to this petite English girl with the boyish hair cut and the come-to-bed eyes. As she straddled the stile he liked how the fabric of her shorts rode up to reveal the little hollow at the top of her inner thigh, and as she jumped down on the far side he liked how her pert little breasts bounced under her t-shirt. Most of all he liked the soft curve of her taut bum under the tight denim shorts.

"Sammi. You know you have an unusually beautiful ass."

Luc's awkward English mainly had an British accent, but he said "ass" as if he was in an American porn flick. 

"A beautiful ass???"

"Yes. It is beautiful."

"What's beautiful?"

"Your ass. It is a lovely ass." 

Sammi laughed. 

"Ass is the wrong word?"

"Er... yes. I think you want to say, 'Sammi, you have an unusually beautiful bottom'."

"I want to say that?"

"Yes."

"And you have beautiful boobs?"

"Boobs? I just hate to think where you learned all this."

"So, not boobs?"

"Not unless you are fourteen."

"I learned "boobs" when I was fourteen. An English girl showed me her boobs. Annabel. She was from... I think Barking."

"I bet she was"

"So really though. I am 22 years boy from Lyon and I want to tell you you have a beautiful body. What do I say? You have to teach me, Sammi."

"I see..."

"Alors, c'est mignon, ton cul. Je veux te baiser les seins. So, you translate."

"Tu veux me baiser les seins?"

"Surtout!"

"You could say 'I want to kiss your tits'? If you do."

"Oh yeah, baby!"

"Just yes please."

"Yes, please."

"Kiss my lips first."

Luc kissed her soft mouth. She tasted of honey.

"OK"

"OK"

Sammi lifted up her t shirt. She leaned back against the fence and Luc kissed her tits.

As Zoe's hand lazily slipped over her warm cunt it occurred to her that Finn would probably be back from the market well before the others were back from their walk. She took a shower. She stood under the warm water and let it trickle over her nipples while her fingers carried on enjoying the slippery delight of her clit. Then she stepped out and wrapped a white towel tightly around her wet torso. It wasn't a huge towel and it only just covered the distance from her nipples to her crotch. She looked in the mirror and splashed a few drops of water on her the upward curve of her tits, and then she went downstairs and sat on the sofa with a magazine. 

It wasn't long before Finn arrived with bags of French bread, vegetables, cheese and wine. 

"It's a proper French market. People selling bottles from their own vineyard. Home made olive oil. It's amazing. So I thought, spot of lunch, then As You Like It."

He stopped in the doorway at the sight of Zoe. She did her best to looked startled.

"Oh. Sorry. You're back much earlier than I expected. "

"Um... Oh... Yes."

"I'm not really dressed."

"Yes. Shall I...?"

"What have you got? Is that lunch?"

"It's just wine and cheese. Olive oil. Stuff."

He put the shopping on the counter. Cheese, tomatoes, a jar of dark green oil, some peaches, a long lean golden baguette that suddenly Finn felt strangely embarrassed by.

"I love baguettes. Can I have a bit now? Like a late late breakfast... Or an early lunch?"

Zoe took one of the loaves and twisted off a chunk. Finn watched crumbs fall onto her wet cleavage. Zoe watched him watch. 

"Shall we be quite bad and have some wine now? As I didn't get to go on the walk with the other two?" she asked.

Finn opened a bottle. Zoe leaned back on the counter. Her towel rode up a little and as Finn poured he spilled some wine on his hand. 

Zoe and Finn clinked glasses. Finn drank a large gulp of wine while Zoe sipped. 

"Do you think it's better up or down?" She lifted her mop of honey-coloured hair up as she said this and posed side on for him, then let if fall again.

"I don't know. I think it looks great up. And down. I like it either way. I really like it."

Zoe let go of her hair, and put her glass down. She thought she had better let Finn see her from all angles, and so she turned to the counter and idly rummaged through his shopping. 

"So it's a good market?"

"Um... yes. Lovely."

She looked back over her bare shoulder at him and smiled through some loose strands of hair.

"You should take me there next time." She gave the slightest hint of a wink.

Zoe turned back to the shopping and shifted her waist so her bottom jutted out.

"What's in the jar?"

"Olive oil. The man... made his own and they had a tasting. It's good."

She opened the jar and dipped in a finger, then turned back to face him and put the finger in her mouth. 

"Hm" she said thoughtfully. 

"So, it's good isn't it?"

"Hm."

A drop of oil fell from Zoe's finger onto her right breast. Finn watched it fall. Zoe wiped it with the back of her hand and it left a shiny smear, but the movement, or the breeze, helped by maybe a bit of a strategic twist from Zoe meant that her towel unwrapped itself from around her and fell to the floor.

Finn seemed to be impressed by Zoe without her towel. So impressed he couldn't speak. He just looked at her and breathed quite loudly through his nose. The clock ticked. The birds sang. Finn looked at Zoe's tits, and at the pretty triangle of gold fuzz between her legs. He blushed.

From his past experience with girls Finn was knew that he was quite likely at this crucial moment to say or do something that could ruin it all. So he stayed very still and waited to make sure Zoe knew she had dropped the towel and wasn't on the point of grabbing it, bursting into tears and rushing up to her room.

But nothing like that happened. Instead she took hold of Finn's belt, pulled him towards her and kissed him on the mouth. And then kissed him again. And once more. Finn decided it might be OK to try kissing her back, which he did for a long time, and Zoe thought, really very well. Her fingers ran across the front of his shorts as she looked for more evidence of how Finn felt about her without her towel. She felt a cock that was very stiff and rather big. It was going to be a fun holiday. She took off Finn's glasses and kissed him again, pushing her mischievous tongue deep into his delighted mouth.

Sammi and Zoe had become good friends their first week at college. Both were bright, funny girls who found the academic work came easily, leaving them a fair bit of time to explore some of the other forms of education university life had to offer, and sharing the details of each other's in depth research in the field of boys. 

One drunken lunch in Sammi's first year with Zoe and a tall, lean athletic boy called Jim turned into a discussion on the finer points of cock-sucking that had escalated, or degenerated, into what they described as a blow-job championship with Jim in amazed ecstasy on the rug while Sammi and Zoe took it in turns to fellate him as dirtily as possible. He gave them marks out of ten for each suck, but with both girls' jaws aching and the scores 200 each they went for a tiebreak where Zoe's and Sammi's tongues lapped at his swollen cock until he spunked liberally over both of them and called it a dead heat. Then he had to rush out to get to a tutorial on Shelley, leaving the two girls, dripping in cum and desperate for orgasms, to open another bottle and entertain each other for the rest of the afternoon. Since then it was a private joke between them that the question of who was the dirtiest was yet to be fairly decided, and Sammi wondered if Zoe intended the contest to play a part in their "study" holiday together with Finn.

Now the warm caress of Luc's lips and tongue on her breasts was making Sammi glow with desire. But her cunt was beginning to ache for some proper attention of its own, and as they were perched on a style in the middle of the open countryside, with Sammi looking out for passers by while Luc nuzzled his face into her cleavage, she had to content herself with the gentle rub of Luc's thumb against the crotch of her shorts.

Then she saw a tractor drive over the brow of the hill, and she stood up and lead Luc back up the path. Time to go back to the house, she thought. There, she decided, she was going to make Luc fuck her very hard, and it gave her an extra thrill to consider that she would have the first come of the week before Zoe was even out of bed.

Zoe was glad to see that as well as being good at kissing her mouth, Finn was 

very good at kissing her cunt. She was perched on the counter, leaning back with her legs spread wide as her new lover lapped her with long slow licks from that travelled the length of her labia luxuriously up to her clit over down again, his tongue relishing every drop of her warm wet taste. Zoe took another glug of wine as she watched his head move gently between her thighs. Then she took the jar of olive oil, and poured a slow trickle of it down onto her belly and let it glide into the soft hair of her crotch. It mixed with the juice of her cunt and Finn's hungry tongue drank in the mixture of olive oil and sex. Zoe leaned back on the counter and smeared a glossy sheen of oil up onto her tits.

Sammi and Luc walked briskly across the terrace past the sun loungers, but what they saw through the glass doors brought them to an abrupt halt. Zoe, naked, sat with her legs splayed wide on the kitchen counter, her head thrown back, her eyes closed and her mouth open in pleasure while Finn knelt before her and licked and sucked passionately at her cunt.

Sammi felt a mixture of jealously and arousal as her knickers dampened against her crotch at the sight of the boy's head moving rhythmically between her friend's thighs and she imagined how his lips and tongue must feel. The late morning sun glistened on the thin sheen of oil on Zoe's tits and belly while her fingers worked her brown nipples. 

Sammi heard Luc's sharp intake of breath right behind her. "Look at them" he whispered, as his arms slid around her waist. His mouth kissed her neck, and through the fabric of her shorts she could feel the thick length of his swollen cock. She pushed her arse back against him. He kissed her neck harder as both of them watched Zoe, her mouth forming a silent "Oh" as her cunt thrilled to Finn's passionate tongue. 

Then as Zoe began to shudder with her first come of the day, Sammi felt Luc's fingers undo the fastening of her shorts and slip gently, easily, up between her own hungry pussy-lips. 

She reached behind, and found Luc's stiff cock where it thrust enthusiastically up against her bum. She could barely get her fingers around it, but she wanked him as well as she could without taking her eyes off the tableau unfolding in front of them.

Now Finn was standing between Zoe's splayed legs kissing her and she could taste her own arousal on his lips while his oversized cock jutted ridiculously towards her. She put an arm around his neck and drew him to her, and with the other hand she angled his erection so that the tip of it nuzzled its way between her pouting labia. Then she hooked her legs behind him and slid onto him, cramming his hot length into her in one greedy slide.

Finn was a surprisingly big boy. Zoe kissed him harder as she got used to the twitching length of the fat Irish dick lodged deep inside her. 

"I've been wanting you to fuck me since we got here," she whispered "and it's even better than I expected."

"Oh God Zoe. This is... Are you sure you...? Oh God."

"Don't talk."

And now Zoe lay back as Finn began to fuck her hard, pulling her glistening body onto his cock as she slid back and forth on the oiled counter top, her oil-smeared tits shaking and bouncing at every thrust.

On the patio Sammi was knelt on a sun lounger now, her shorts off and the handsome French boy's cock stiff as an iron bar against the cheeks of her bum. With one hand he finger-fucked her, the other hand was thrust up her t-shirt enjoying a handful of her cute tits. She thrust back against Luc while she watched Zoe gasp at the girth of Finn's solid cock. Sammi parted her legs, and angled her hips until Luc's erection nosed its way between her thighs and with a contented sigh he slid home into her tight, warm cunt.

Meanwhile Zoe felt a need to have Finn take her from behind, and slipping from the counter she lead him by the hand to the thick rug by the fire place and knelt down on all fours. The sight of her inviting bum inflamed Finn even more and in this new position he fucked her deeper and more passionately than ever, all trace of shy awkwardness gone, replaced by the lust and excitement of slamming his shaft deep into the most beautiful girl he had ever seen. 

And that was when Zoe looked out of the window. The girls' eyes met, and now each was going to watch the other getting thoroughly, lewdly fucked from behind. 

The sight pushed Sammi to the brink of climax. She sat up, displaying the French boy's hands on her tits and on her cunt for Zoe's admiration. 

It was too much for Zoe. As Finn's hips slapped repeatedly against her bum she came loudly for a second time that morning, the walls of her cunt gripping Finn in spasms of pleasure until his eager thrusts became too much for her and she slid forward off his cock. Then she turned, and with a last glance towards Sammi she took Finn's twitching cock in her hand and thrust it greedily into her open mouth. 

That was enough to push Sammi over the edge. She groaned in sharp waves of pleasure as she came hard, shoving back against the French boy's hips and bringing Luc too to an intense orgasm that pumped thick white spunk into her hot and sopping cunt.

Without his glasses Finn had no idea he had an audience but simply the sight of Zoe's pink lips clamped firmly around his erect cock made him come. Over and over he spurted thick loads of spunk into her mouth, then when there was too much for her to swallow it dripped onto her chin and one last trickle oozed down to mix with the glistening oil on her beautiful golden tits.

Finn sat back, spent, ecstatic. Zoe stood and walked naked to the patio door, and opened it letting the midday heat wash in.

Sammi and Luc kissed. Then she bent to pick up her shorts as a thin trickle of sperm slid down her leg. She grinned.

"Come in for lunch, you two," said Zoe, "Finn and I have had a little starter but you're not too late for the main course."

There's more adventures during Zoe and Sammi's "study week" if there's interest out there...