 He closed the door behind her and motioned for her to sit. She sat in the chair, a few feet set back from his desk.

"Professor. Thanks for seeing me outside of your normal office hours."

"I'm happy to help, Zoe. Now tell me what I can help you with."

Zoe's feet shifted uneasily. She had been Michael's teaching assistant for two years, but they were purely on professional terms. Even seeing him outside of office hours seemed a bit informal for him. Michael was a "by-the-rules" type of professor. Brilliant, of course, but a bit staid. This was a big risk for her. But she had to act.

She had gotten ready for this meeting earlier in the day. After going through several outfit choices, she settled on the one she thought would catch his eye the most. She had on her green skirt with a cute and somewhat low-cut blouse. She wore high heels--not too high, but enough to make her feel, well, a little extra sexy and confident. But it was what she had underneath that she was the most excited about. She was wearing a pair of black thigh highs, and nothing else. Her black thong that she had worn earlier in the day was inside her notebook. All part of the plan.

"Professor--I'm having some trouble with a few girls in my Thursday morning discussion class."

"What kind of trouble?" he asked.

"Well, this is the reason I wanted to meet. It's tricky to describe any other way except to say they are naughty." She licked her lips a bit involuntary when she said the last word. She felt herself shudder.

"What?" Michael asked. "What do you mean, 'naughty'?" "Are they elementary students?"

"No, of course not," she hastily replied. "Again, that's why I wanted to talk in person. They don't talk during discussion, aren't outwardly rude, turn in good work, but..." She trailed off.

"You're going to have to be more specific." he demanded. His voice became a little more firm as he spoke. She was starting to think it actually might happen.

***

Michael was a well-regarded professor at UW-Madison. Tons of published research, popular lectures, lots of graduate students and never a whiff of anything inappropriate. Until one day when she was in his office she happened to hear the "ping" of an incoming email. She glanced up at the computer screen out of habit, and she saw the subject line and short snippet of the email before she could stop herself.

I have been naughty and need punishment. Please help. 

She assumed it was spam, but the University email filters were pretty accurate and it was from an actual email address, not some fake-sounding one.

Zoe knew it was wrong, but there was something inside her egging her on. She opened the email and read.

I have been naughty and need punishment. Please help. I need you to teach me how to be less naughty. I am a naughty, naughty girl. And naughty girls need to be punished. --Layla

She heard footsteps slowly coming down the hallway. She quickly marked the email as unread, got up from the computer, and continued looking through his files as she had been instructed to do.

***

The next time she was in his office alone she was more bold. His email was open, but she had to look through a few messages to find it. The subject line was "Thank You, Sir." She opened it to read.

Thank you, sir. You knew I needed punishment and you were fair and firm. As requested, I am recounting my punishment here. It makes me wet just thinking about it but I will not allow myself to orgasm.

You came over. I was waiting, wearing the outfit you requested. Green skirt, low-cut blouse, thigh highs with no panties. I was standing facing the wall, ready to be punished. You entered and took your time paying attention to me. When you finally did, you came up close behind me. I could feel your hot breath on my neck. Your hand slowly found its way down my back, to the bottom of my skirt, under my skirt, lifting it up to reveal my bare bottom. You noted that I was wearing the small butt plug as you commanded. 

"Bend over," you commanded. I obliged, leaning against the wall, my bare ass exposed. You roughly tore off my skirt. 

"This is what you get when you disobey me."

And then the spanking began. It was never too hard, but it was firm and quick. One, two, three, four...I quickly lost count. Every time your hand struck I shuddered, aroused by both the slight pain and the feeling of fullness in my asshole from the plug. By the fourth spanking I was completely wet; my juices were slowly dripping down my leg. 

When you were finished you turned me around and commanded, "Suck." I unzipped your pants and began slowly sucking your beautiful cock. When it was hard you stood me up, turned me around, and began fucking me against the wall. Slowly at first, and then more and more insistently. As you insist, you were silent, but I was not. I told you I was a naughty girl and I deserved this. That I was a naughty slut that deserved to be punished. And as your cock pushed harder and harder into me, I felt myself begin to cum. 

"Please, sir..." I begged.

You ignored me and continued thrusting. You reached around to massage my clit as you continued.

"Please, sir. I'm begging you. I am your dirty slut and I need to cum."

"You may," you generously noted. And I did. Loudly, and then almost collapsed. You were already gone when I turned around.

Yours, Layla. 

Zoe looked around the room. No one was there to see the wet spot that had grown through her panties and to feel the juices almost running down her leg. She left quickly.

***

"Professor, this is what I mean. They whisper softly to each other when I'm at the front of the room. They pass notes to each other. I see them sitting close together and sometimes I catch one girl's hand on the other's leg. And yesterday I found one of the notes after class."

"What did it say, Zoe?" His voice felt a little rushed. I could feel the tension start to grown in the office. I saw his eyes dart down to my skirt and heard him clear his throat."

"Oh, professor. I don't know; I don't think I could read it out loud."

"Please, Zoe. I'm not wearing my reading glasses and I need to get to the bottom of this."

I knew I had him. I could hear his voice quickening.

I was growing slowly wetter. Between the skirt, thigh highs, and the butt plug in my asshole, I was ready.

"Ok, professor. I'll read it." "It says 'I'm so wet right now. Just thinking about the professor.'"

Zoe paused.

"GO ON!" he commanded.

"There's more writing in a 2nd girl's handwriting--like they were passing a note back and forth."

"The second person wrote 'I know. I'm not wearing any panties to class from now on just so I can touch myself during his lectures."

Zoe took a breath and looked up. Michael's demeanor had changed.

"You are a naughty girl, Zoe."

"What?" She replied.

"Quiet!" he commanded. "I know you made up this whole story. It's not the girls in your discussion, it's you."

"Yes." she whispered.

"WHAT?" he yelled.

"Yes, sir." she replied.

"That's better,' he shot back. "Now stand up against the wall like the fucking slut you are."

"Yes, sir," she replied. She was lost in the moment. She was Layla, and the email was real....

You came up close behind me. I could feel your hot breath on my neck. Your hand slowly found its way down my back, to the bottom of my skirt, under my skirt, lifting it up to reveal my bare bottom. You noted that I was wearing the small butt plug as you commanded. 

Zoe was incredibly wet. She sighed softly, whimpering.

"Bend over," you commanded. I obliged, leaning against the wall, my bare ass exposed. You roughly tore off my skirt. 

And then the spanking began. It was never too hard, but it was firm and quick. One, two, three, four...I quickly lost count. Every time your hand struck I shuddered, aroused by both the slight pain and the feeling of fullness in my asshole from the plug. By the fourth spanking I was completely wet; my juices were slowly dripping down my leg. 

"Yes! Yes!" Zoe yelled as he smacked her bare ass.

When you were finished you turned me around and commanded, "Suck." I unzipped your pants and began slowly sucking your beautiful cock. 

She sucked his cock enthusiastically, taking it all the way down to the shaft.

When it was hard you stood me up, turned me around, and began fucking me against the wall. Slowly at first, and then more and more insistently. As you insist, you were silent, but I was not. I told you I was a naughty girl and I deserved this. That I was a naughty slut that deserved to be punished. And as your cock pushed harder and harder into me, I felt myself begin to cum. 

As he began fucking her, she couldn't keep anything inside. She felt herself yelling, becoming a different person, the animal inside released.

"Fuck me! Fuck me harder! I need your cock! Harder!"

You ignored me and continued thrusting. You reached around to massage my clit as you continued.

"Please, sir. I'm begging you. I am your dirty slut and I need to cum."

"You may," you generously noted. And I did. Loudly, and then almost collapsed. You were already gone when I turned around.

He was gone when she finally turned around.