 Zoe was on a mission to buy some shoes. She had been wandering the shopping centre for an hour now, not being able to find exactly the pair she was looking for. She was enjoying her time though, a good distraction from her problems at home. 

She had been fighting with her boyfriend for the past two weeks. It started with something stupid, some comment that made her annoyed, and then it spiraled into a huge argument. They had spent a few days apart, but when she called to apologise, he had dismissed her and said he wanted some more time away from her. Her immediate reaction was panic. She had been dating Jason for two years and to think of their relationship ending was too much. But as she was thinking it over she began to remember little things that bugged her about Jason, things that she could do without. For one thing he was too work-orientated, always spending overtime at the office. And then there was his health food obsession; she would kill to go out for burgers, but it was always something healthy and low-carb. And Zoe was getting tired of his controlling nature. It was like he couldn't let her make a decision for herself. He was always correcting her, telling her what to wear and who her friends should be. 

Walking around the stores now, Zoe felt confident in her mini skirt and low-cut orange t-shirt. Her long legs were bare and her shoulder-length brunette hair was up in a tight ponytail. Jason would not approve of her dressing like this, especially not in public and during the day. All her sexy clothes were to be saved for his pleasure, usually in private. But today was a non-Jason day and the clothes suited the occasion. Spotting some silver earrings on special in the jewelry store, Zoe wandered over to have a closer look.

She didn't notice the two men watching her. Liam and Tony had been planning a quick stop to pick up some beer for the night. As their eyes scanned the local women lazily, Liam had spotted Zoe. He remembered her from somewhere. He elbowed Tony and nodded her way.

"Isn't that Jason's girlfriend?" Liam asked, "He brought her to the team's end of year celebration."

"Ohh, right." Tony said, "She looks kinda different though. She seemed so stuck-up that night, didn't talk much."

"Who cares if she's stuck up when she looks like that?" Liam smiled. His mind was reeling; she looked so hot he could feel his cock stirring at the thought of her. "I guess Jason must be here, he wouldn't let her go far without him." 

"Yeah. Let's go over and see, huh?" Tony suggested.

They approached Zoe.

"Hey, you're Jason's girlfriend aren't you?" Tony asked her.

"Um, yeah, Zoe. Hey, you're on his soccer team!"

"Yeah, I'm surprised you remembered." Liam said.

"Oh, I wouldn't forget such nice faces." Zoe smiled sweetly, dazzling the two men before her.

Liam and Tony looked at each other. They were both thinking it - Jason is the luckiest bastard in the world. 

"So, is Jason here?" Liam asked.

"No, he's probably working." Zoe said.

"Probably?" asked Tony.

"Well, I haven't seen him in a little while." The men looked at her curiously. "We are kind of taking a break from each other."

"Oh!" The two men's cocks almost broke out of their pants at such an admission. "We're sorry to hear that." Liam finally said.

"Thank you." She smiled again, and as Liam smiled back at her she felt a familiar pang in her stomach. She had the felt the same way at the team's party. Zoe had spotted Liam across the room, had admired his tall stature and firm body. She could tell he was a fine athlete. Chastising herself for letting herself look at another man like that, she tried to focus on Jason for the rest of the night. But later that night, while they made love, Zoe couldn't help think of Liam again. Now he was before her, smiling stunningly, with his friend Tony, another athlete she wouldn't kick out of bed.

"What are you boys up to today?" Zoe tried to push the naughty thoughts out of her head.

"We were just dropping in to pick up some drinks. They're showing some European soccer tonight, we were gonna have a night in." Tony told her.

"Sounds like a good time." Zoe said politely.

Liam jumped on the opportunity. "Would you like to join us?"

"Oh, I dunno. I don't want to interrupt a boy's night in." Zoe was dying to accept, the pang in her stomach moving down to a stirring in her pussy.

"C'mon! Free booze, comfy couch, sweaty Europeans in short shorts." Liam tempted her.

Zoe laughed. "Well, that's an offer I can't refuse!"

"Great. We'll just pop into the liquor store and meet you out front in ten minutes, okay?" Tony said.

"Sure." Zoe nodded and watched them walk away. When they were out of sight, she rushed to the public bathrooms. Once inside she locked the door and put her head against the door. What was she doing? She didn't even know these guys and she was going back to their place? This wasn't like her...No, wait, she thought, maybe this is like me. Maybe the only reason she wasn't like this more often was because of Jason. And at the moment, there was no Jason. She took a deep breath and calmed herself. Her pussy was still tingling but she tried to dismiss the feeling. I'm just going for some drinks, she told herself, nothing else. Jason is their friend, they wouldn't try anything...But then again she had seen something in Liam's eyes, something that told her he was thinking of more than soccer. And she had to admit to herself that she was very attracted to him and Tony. They were good-looking men, charming and friendly. Okay, she said to herself, whatever happens, happens. Just go with the flow. Stop over thinking it. 

She looked at her watch and noticed the ten minutes had passed. She smoothed down her clothes and made her way to the exit. The guys were already waiting for her, and smiled as she approached.

"Ready?" Tony asked.

"Yep. Lead the way." They walked a few aisles down the car park and came to Liam's car. He held the door open for Zoe and she tried to get in without showing off too much, a hard feat in a mini skirt. Liam caught a glimpse of her red panties as she climbed in and his cock twitched in his pants. With Zoe in the back, Tony and Liam got in the car. Tony and Liam looked at each other, smiled and Liam winked. It was going to be a more interesting night than they had planned for.

It was a short drive to Liam's house. He lived alone, but it never felt lonely since he was always had friends over. He opened the door for Zoe and they walked inside. She was impressed at how neat and tidy his home was. She expected it to be a mess, with pizza boxes and empty beer bottles left strewn around. 

"Sorry if it's messy. Didn't expect such fine company." Liam said.

"No, no, it looks great. Nice place you have." Zoe replied.

"Thanks." 

They moved into the living room, Tony putting the alcohol in the bar fridge that was by the stereo. He smiled at Zoe. "The kitchen isn't always the most convenient place for a fridge, you know?'

"Makes sense." She said. She felt nervous - one second she felt like leaving, the next she felt like diving for their zippers and unleashing some cock.

"Sit down, Zoe. Make yourself comfortable. Want a drink, now?" Liam asked.

"Sure. I'll have whatever you bought." Zoe said, sitting on the soft blue couch. She melted back into, and Tony noticed.

"Good couch, huh? Most expensive thing in the house, next to the tv system of course! Liam has his priorities straight."

"Sure do. Here you go," Liam replied, tossing Zoe a can of beer. "You don't need a glass do you?"

"No, I'll slum it." She smiled, dazzling the men again, and relaxing herself.

They all sat down and made small talk, carefully avoiding the subject of Zoe's relationship with Jason. Zoe felt relaxed by her first beer, so had a second and a third. She was on her fourth when the bathroom called and she excused herself. She was feeling slightly tipsy, but also very excited. Splashing her face with some water, she heard the door behind her.

"Are you alright?" Liam poked his head around the door.

"Oh, yeah, fine. I feel fine." She giggled unintentionally. "Sorry, I'm not drunk."

"You sure? Do you want to lie down?"

"No. Really, I feel great. Thank you for inviting me over. I was feeling a little at a loss for what to do tonight. You know, without Jason around."

"Yeah. You're welcome. We're glad you're here."

"Really? I thought maybe you were just being nice, you know, inviting me. You probably thought I was a bitch at that party."

"No..."

"No, it's alright, you can say if I was. I often am, around Jason. He kinda makes me uptight."

"Doesn't sound like a good way to be."

"It's not." She smiled weakly. Liam looked delicious, Zoe thought. If she stayed here, with him, she didn't know what she'd end up doing. But she was increasingly sure she wanted to find out.

"Are you good friends with Jason? I mean, are you close to him?" Zoe asked suddenly,

"Well, not really. He's a good soccer player, but you know, socially, I don't know him very well."

"Right. So, if I asked you..." She paused, a little unsure. "If I asked you to kiss me, to touch me and kiss me, would you mind?"

Liam didn't need to be asked twice. He had no loyalty to Jason. He thought he was a pompous jerk. He stepped into the bathroom and took Zoe's face in his hands, kissing her passionately. She responded with her tongue, forcing it into his mouth, playing with his own tongue that darted into her mouth. Liam pressed himself against her, pushing her back into the basin. She could feel his cock against her thigh, and instinctively spread her legs for him. Liam moved one hand down her side, feeling the outline of her breast in her shirt. He moaned into her mouth.

"Ohh, Zoe. You're so beautiful."

She moaned in reply. His hand moved down further, between her legs, feeling her damp panties. He rubbed gently, provoking more moaning as Zoe pushed against his hand. He took his hand away and she grunted.

"Hold on." He moved his hips back and undid his zipper. He was so excited, his cock popped out, already semi-erect. They continued to kiss as Zoe put her hands between their legs and found his naked penis. She stroked it slowly, mumbling into his mouth.

"Mmmm...you're cock feels so good. I need it inside me."

Liam's penis grew in Zoe's hands, getting hard. She stroked it faster, feeling it's thickness and her pussy got wetter at the thought of it inside her. Her hand found his hand and guided it between her legs, pulling her panties to one side. His fingers ran over her pussy lips and felt her wetness. Liam groaned and stepping forward, lifted her a little till she sat on the edge of the sink. Still kissing frantically, their hips both pushed forward, his cock pressing against her lips before finding the spot and slipping inside.

"Oh, fuck..." Zoe broke the kiss and threw her head back. His penis was thick, thicker than Jason's and it felt like it was filling her up. Liam pushed harder and she felt his balls touch her ass. Fuck, she thought, he's all the way inside me; I must be so wet. Liam began to move his cock in and out of her pussy. He was grunting, and the pace picked up. His face was looking down to between their legs, and he watched himself piston in and out. Zoe had her eyes closed, concentrating on every motion of his dick, feeling every spasm of her pussy. His hands went to her ass, using it to push as far as he could inside, getting in rhythm.

Zoe was moaning softly, her ass cheeks stinging from the cold of the bathroom sink. She opened her eyes and watched Liam, his face screwed up, concentrating on fucking her. He looked close to cumming and Zoe, not wanting him to cum inside her, began to pull away.

"No!" He cried, holding onto her ass and continuing to push away inside her.

"You're gonna cum in my pussy..." Zoe said unsurely. 

"It'll be fine. You'll like it, baby."

Maybe it was the alcohol, or maybe the excitement of getting fucked by a stranger, but Zoe didn't resist any longer. She decided to turn herself over to Liam, let him use her to get his rocks off anyway he wanted. Wouldn't that drive Jason crazy, she thought.

Liam's grunting was getting louder and his movements even faster. His head came forward to kiss her again, and they made out as he rose to his orgasm. Zoe pulled her legs up, around his waist, her feet on his bare ass, his jeans having fallen to the floor with the movement of his hips. 

"Shit, shit, shit" Liam repeated. He suddenly shouted to the ceiling and Zoe felt his load shoot inside her, coating her insides with cum. It felt warm and comfortable and Zoe was so turned on about letting a stranger cum in her pussy, she felt her own orgasm start. She put her fingers between their bodies and found her clit. Rubbing fervently her orgasm built quickly, and she kept Liam inside her with her legs. Her climax hit and she couldn't help calling out as Liam had done, her body shaking with pleasure. They were both breathing deeply, his head now resting on her shoulder. He made a slight movement backwards, and his limp cock fell out of her slippery cunt. She gasped at the sudden empty feeling, instinctively wrapping her arms around Liam and holding him close to her, pushing her dripping pussy against his groin. He raised his head and kissed her again and she kissed back. 

She had never felt so fantastic and so dirty at the same time. With Jason it was always 'making love'; Liam had fucked her and fucked her hard. She felt no remorse. In fact she felt like she never wanted to stop fucking Liam.

"That was amazing" She managed to say. Liam smiled at her and nodded. She loosened her grip on him and he stepped back, cock hanging between his legs. It was the first time Zoe had actually looked at it full length and she now really saw how thick it was, and reasonably long, a good 7 to 8 inches. She took the opportunity, hopped off the sink and fell to her knees before him. He smiled again.

"You are fucking perfect." Liam said, watching his cock disappear into her mouth. She sucked long and hard, tasting both their juices on his penis. Her fingers went to his balls, rolling them, squeezing them softly. She tried to take it all, but it was too long for her and she gagged. Liam stroked her hair as she blew him, and only then noticed Tony standing in the hallway.

"You two didn't take long to get to know each other better." Tony said, laughing.

Zoe, suddenly embarrassed, removed Liam's cock from her mouth. She tried to stand up, but was wobbly on her feet.

"Careful." Tony stepped forward to help her. "I've heard Liam brag that his cock makes women weak at the knees but I always thought he was lying." He was grinning broadly. "So, do I get the next turn?"

Liam saw a worried look flash across Zoe's face. "Don't worry, he's just kidding."

But Zoe smiled back at him. She was going with her instincts tonight. And her instincts told her that her pussy was still tingling, and that two cocks were better than one.

"I think it's only fair to share..." She turned to Tony and put her hand on his crotch, rubbing him through his jeans. She put her lips to his and kissed him, and he responded, slipping his tongue into her mouth. Tony's hand went to her breasts and rubbed them through her shirt, putting pressure on her nipples. He broke the kiss.

"I think we should take this somewhere a little more comfortable." He suggested, gesturing out the door.

"Whatever you want." Zoe replied, walking seductively out of the room and down the hall.

"I think this is going to be way better than soccer." Tony laughed, and Liam joined in as they followed her into the living room. 

To Be Continued...