 Paige sat in the tub, her knees pulled up to her chest and her chin dipping into the steaming water. She stared off dreamily, the events of the evening replaying in her mind. She tried again to shake herself free, of a vision of deep blue eyes.

She finally remembered the name of the gem, the one those eyes had reminded her of; Blue Ceylon Sapphire, that was it.

In frustration, she climbed out of the tub and started getting ready for bed. She couldn't keep dwelling on this. She had a new job to start in the morning. It was stupid enough that she'd gone out to the concert, knowing she had to make the best impression possible tomorrow. But she had to get some sleep and focus on what came next. But as she drifted away, she saw his eyes again, and her semi-unconscious mind began to replay the events of the evening, like it was all on video.

"I should go home!" she yelled at Natalie, "I have to be up early."

Natalie narrowed her eyes and tried to get closer to Paige, clearly not hearing what she said, "What?!

Paige leaned closer, "I have to get up early; I should go home!"

Natalie looked surprised, "Are you kidding?!"

Paige gave her a sheepish smile, "I'm sorry Nat. I'll call you tomorrow." Paige tapped on Nat's boyfriends shoulder and he turned to her, "See ya Mattie, I'm heading home."

Matt looked worried, "You OK?"

Paige gave him thumbs up which seemed to satisfy him. Natalie tried to stare Paige into staying, but when Matt pulled her close and screamed for the band, she turned for a moment. When she looked back, Paige was lost in the crowd. Natalie gave a resigned sigh and turned back to the show.

Paige tried to weave her way through the crowd, avoiding tight packs of screaming fans and rowdy dance pit areas. She did hate to leave, the concert was fantastic, but she just kept thinking about yawning through her orientation tomorrow, and how much she wanted to come off well on her first day. She'd worked hard to get where she was, she didn't need her progress destroyed by one wild night.

She thought she saw a break ahead, a place to diverge from the crowd and reach the field where parking had been laid out. She was trying to make her way there when it happened. Who knows how it started. One guy got shoved, tripped, or just tried to move too far too fast. The crowd shifted hard and Paige was thrown to her left. Strong hands caught her and kept her from hitting the ground hard. Then they pulled her up against a strong chest. Paige was slightly out of breath. When she looked up to thank the man who had saved her from a potential broken bone, she lost what breath she had left.

Her eyes met his, and she was immediately locked in them. She was lost in the blue depths she saw there. She suddenly recalled a blue gem a friend had received on a necklace. She's always felt it was the most beautiful blue she'd ever seen, though she couldn't recall the name just then. Now she was rethinking its number one status. From her peripheral vision, she saw his lips quiver. He was unable to hide that he was having a similar instant reaction to her. Paige took a deep breath, suddenly quite terrified with the maelstrom of thoughts and emotions flowing through her. She stepped back, mouthed a simple, "Thank you," and tried to leave quickly. She was turned away from him, when he reached out and grabbed her arm quickly. He tugged her back against his chest, pulling her closer against his body, and whispered in her ear, "Wait."

Her breath caught in her throat. The desire and desperation in that one word had stripped away any thought of escape. She could feel his breath on her shoulder, and then she felt this sudden pressure inside of her. She'd never experienced anything like it. It was this tension building just between her hips, and warmth spread out from it to all points in her body. She'd felt lust, but this was something else entirely, and she was completely powerless against it. She let her head slip back onto his shoulder and felt his hand slip around her waist, pulling her closer still, as she heard a groan of both triumph and surrender slip from his lips.

He immediately began kissing her exposed shoulder and neck, and he spread his hand wide, cradling her abdomen with his hand. She whimpered and without thought began to press her ass back against his already hard cock. He groaned again. His hand slid down to the top of one thigh, then back up again. Paige held her breath, anticipating his sliding his hand beneath her skirt and panties. She wondered if he could tell how wet she was as his hand planted firmly against her pussy and he nearly lifted her off the ground. As he took several steps back, he held her like this, close to him. Finally he stopped, and he adjusted himself a little, with her leaning even more into him.

Paige looked up and she could see the tarp that was hanging of a scaffold built in the middle of crowd. It was where the cameras were, filming footage for the band's next music video. She realized he had moved to a place where he could lean; get some leverage, better angles. She knew now without a doubt, he intended to fuck her. Right here, in this throng of people. She tried to think about it, to consider her options rationally. Then his hand slid inside her panties and contemplative thought was no longer available to her. It was like they were already connected, already lovers with a long history of climbing to a fevered ecstasy together, and she was powerless to resist this strange connection.

He slid his index and middle fingers on either side of her clit and began to stroke up and down slowly. She threw her head back again, as her body arched, pressing his fingers more firmly against her. He breathed heavily against her neck. As he buried his face against the soft curls that had come lose from her hair clip, he stroked her more deeply. Soon he had two fingers sliding into her pussy, while his thumb kept passing over the hood of her clit, just grazing more each pass.

The pressure she'd noticed before began to build. When he slid his free arm up her body, and held her to him by her neck. He attacked the soft indent, where her shoulder met her neck, like he was a wild animal. When he again slammed his fingers inside of her, she let out a gasp as the orgasm passed over her body, but no one heard. Except for him, he heard, and she could feel that sense of triumph again, as if had accomplished some worthy task. He continued stroking her softly until her body stopped twitching. When her breathing had steadied a little, he slowly slid two fingers back inside of her, causing her body to become completely aware again. He resumed fondling her clit, working her back into a frenzied state, and his other hand slid from her body and behind her. She was so acutely focused on the pleasure that was building between her thighs again, she wasn't aware that he'd undone his pants. She also didn't notice his mouth leaving her shoulder briefly to rip open a condom wrapper and deftly remove it from the package. She was completely lost in the sensations he was causing in her pussy, oblivious even to the cool breeze on her ass as he lifted her skirt up in the back and pulled her panties aside.

He sat back on a horizontal bar, pulling her with him, and let her skirt hide from the world the fact that his cock was sliding inside of her drenched pussy. This time she did scream loud enough so that anyone should've been able to hear her. Fortunately, at that moment, some pyrotechnics went off on stage, creating a lot of sound and generating a fresh roar from the entertained masses. The only thing Paige was aware of was that she had just seen brightly colored lights when this man had entered her, and she felt like she was dying and coming to life all at once. Behind her, he made another guttural noise, also overwhelmed by the pleasure of their bodies fitting together. He held her there for a moment, kissing the top of her spine, then he began to move her pussy up and down on his hard cock.

Paige soon began to use her own rhythm, her body knowing what to do, even with her brain melting. She rode him hard. She had a moments thought that it was a good thing the music was loud and the band was close enough to see. If they'd been further out, where people couldn't really watch the band, someone would've noticed what they were doing by now. But the thought was lost as she raised herself up, almost letting his cock slip out of her, then plunged down hard onto him. She did that a few more times, the last time almost making his eyes roll back in his head. He lost control of himself, and took control of her. He held onto her hips and held her firm while he slammed himself up into her hard and fast. She quickly matched his movements and added force to each thrust.

His hand slid up her body again, and once again his fingers were loosely around her throat as his brought his lips up to her ear. He whispered as he entered her again, "Come for me." She moaned and slammed harder against him several times until another intense orgasm crashed over her body. Her pussy squeezed tightly on him and she heard him gasp too, then she felt the pulses from his cock as he came with her. She reached behind her and pulled his face closer, kissing him deeply. They sat, their foreheads resting against each other, trying to catch their breath.

When he finally let his cock slip out of her, it was like a switch flicked on inside of Paige. She suddenly realized where she was, and what she'd just done. She stared around, looking for a knowing or disapproving glance. She realized no one was watching. As he pulled his pants up she felt his lips sliding down her neck again, more affectionate than passionate. As his tongue traced the line of her shoulder blade she felt herself slipping away from reality again, and it scared her. She slid her hand up to grasp the one around her neck. She meshed her fingers in his and pulled it down to her sides. When his grip loosened in hers, she made her move. She pushed away from him quickly, dashing for a hole in the crowd that was closing rapidly. When she looked back, she saw a look of shock and hurt on his face, then a determination as he came after her. She quickly dodged from mass to mass, trying to avoid being seen in the confusion. Finally, she looked back and couldn't see him. She made her way for the parking lot as quickly as she could, checking behind her often as went, and drove straight home and then got in the tub.

The next morning she woke up feeling incredible. She should've been tired, since the dream had kept her restless, but the delicious feelings it created kept her positive and full of energy. When she walked into the orientation for her new job she noted that her supervisor, Mrs. Pendergast, seemed pleased with her happy mood and rapt attention. After they went through the company intro and got the HR paperwork out of the way, Mrs. Pendergast picked up a phone on the desk. "Jeremy, could you come in here please?" She smiled at the response from the person on the other end and hung up.

She then directed her smile at Paige, "I wanted you to meet Jeremy, since you two will be working very closely together. He's in the office right next to yours. Great guy, always there to lean on. Which we've all done a time or two. He'll be your mentor. With his help you should find you're pace quickly, and you'll be able to keep up with him in no time. Now I should warn you, some of the girls think he's a bit of a ham and a charmer, but down deep I think he's really the shy type. And at heart, I believe he is truly a gentleman. He also has a very sharp mind for all aspects of business management. He always has a firm grip of the situation, and he prefers a very hands-on approach. Oh, and here he is."

Paige had let her eyes wander a bit, bored with "Jeremy's" accolades; this guy sounded like a barrel of laughs. She looked over as Mrs. Pendergast stood to shake a man's hand. Paige steeled herself a moment, knowing that the best way to start in this situation was a firm handshake, one that didn't suggest an attempt to be stronger than him, but never considered the possibility she was weaker.

She turned to meet her new mentor as Mrs. Pendergast introduced them... and saw deep blue eyes turning towards her.

She saw them flare briefly, expressing he wasn't the only one shocked by who was standing in front of him. Then his eyes narrowed, and a small smile slipped across lips. Paige's stomach turned, and she felt that pressure building between her hips again. She was honestly unsure how to react. She started to pull her hand back in a panic.

Jeremy's eyes caught the movement and he reacted quickly, with a look that clearly said, "Not this time". He reached out and snatched her hand in his own. He thought about all the time he'd spent last night, searching for her. How he'd gone home with a hole inside him, fearing he'd never find her again. And here she was, not just in his grasp but in his domain. She was the new Creative Assistant, the one he was supposed to show the ropes to. Normally he'd never consider coming on to someone he worked with, at least not without a lot of time and mutual casual flirting first. But there was no way he was going to wait that long to be with this precious creature again. He pulled her hand up and placed a soft kiss on the pulse point on her wrist. "My pleasure Paige."

When Jeremy looked up from her wrist, a grin as subtle but playful as his own, was forming on Paige's lips. Once again he was there, in the noise and confusion of the crowd, tuning everything out but her. And once again, he felt this pressure building between his hips.