 (Read Zooey -Part 1 before reading this section)

We lay there next to each other for a moment in silence, getting our breath back, slowing our racing hearts, letting the heat radiate from our bodies. I ran my hand softly along her side enjoying the touch of her skin. Running my hand up onto the flat of her taut stomach I found a veritable pool of our mingled sweat. Zooey giggled as my fingers tickled her. She laughed sitting up, pushing my hand away, then bent over and took my wilted cock into her mouth, sucking it clean.

"Mmmmm! My pussy does taste good." She laughed and then lay back next to me, her head up. She ran her hands around my chest then up to my face, tracing its outline with her fingers. "That was wonderful Eddie, so fucking wonderful." She climbed up on top of me, two sweaty bodies coming wetly together, and kissed me passionately, but not too hard.

"I have to pee. I'll be right back." She pecked me one more time and then got up and left. I lay there, feeling more alive than in months. My body buzzed; my skin tingled like an electric charge was playing up and down my body. I could feel the blood surging through my veins. While the physical was a series of crystal clear moments of now, my mind was in a fog, a hazy gray filled with the memory of Zooey's touch, the feel of her skin, the humid heat of her clasping sex, the blazing passion in her eyes, and the salty taste of her wet skin.

I was shocked out of my haze by a towel striking me in the face. Zooey stood silhouetted at the door, mopping the sweat from her body with a big bath towel. The dark outline of her body made my cock stir from its rest. I began wiping my body with my towel, and then grasping my cock I began to stroke it all the while feasting my eyes on Zooey.

"Down boy." She came to the bed and knelt down next to me. Zooey replaced my hand with hers, tenderly stroking my dick. She bent down and kissed the head, then lapped it once with a little cat-like lick. "Do you have a permit to carry this thing, 'cause my pussy sure feels like it's been the victim of an assault?" She took the head into her mouth and ran her tongue around it in circles.

"It's definitely been recently fired. It's still warm." She sucked it some more. "Sure is tasty for such a deadly weapon."

"Do you think keeping it in your mouth is going to keep it out of your pussy? I still owe you a few more fucks."

"No, you owe me a few more cums. No one said anything about them being in my, now thanks to you, aching pussy." Zooey took all of me into her mouth. My balls were hanging loose and low and she took my sack into her hand and squeezed, attempting to coax the sperm from me. I groaned in a dizzying combination of pleasure and pain.

I wasn't about to let Zooey get the upper hand. I reached down for her body and pulled her up on the bed next to me. Sliding one hand underneath her hips I hoisted her up above my head and settled her legs down around my face. "Aw, let me kiss it and make it better," I said and then planted a wet kiss on her pouting pink fuck lips. I parted her cunt crack with my tongue and then drove it into her tender fuck hole. She squirmed against my face as my tongue bathed her sticky twat. I dove toward her red-hot clit, giving it a good tongue-lashing as my nose burrowed into her fuck channel. I deeply inhaled the wonderful aroma of her freshly fucked pussy, her juices making a mess of my face, drenching my beard in her tart woman sauce.

Zooey's head was bobbing up and down on my dick in a rocking motion. She was sucking me wetly, noisily slurping on my cock as I felt massive amounts of saliva running around my balls and down into the crack of my ass. On the down stroke Zooey ground her face into my pubes, her teeth scraping the root of my throbbing manhood. My hips routinely slammed my dick into her mouth as I fucked her sucking face.

I pulled my face from Zooey's twat and took a deep breath before sucking her erect fuck bud into my mouth and rolling it between my teeth. She jerked her head off my cock, "What are you trying to do, kill me?" she chided.

I grabbed her by the tits and pulled her into a sitting position, straddling my chest, then pushed her ass down while at the same time sliding up the bed. My cock charged toward her wet pussy. "Nooo, not again!" she mock screamed, choking down a laugh as my dick slid easily into her moist fuck hole. She planted her feet on the bed and tried to slip off my dick, but I out maneuvered her by sliding us off the bed, wrapping my arms under her thighs and picking her up impaled on my throbbing cock. I slowly started walking us toward the door.

Using both fists, Zooey reached behind her and pounded on my sides. Making it hard for me to hold her like this, cradled in front of me, my dick deep inside her pussy. "Let me go you bastard!" she playfully cried as we made our way down the hall. I buried my face into the side of her neck, and started sucking. "Ohhh," she moaned.

I brought her into the living room, lifted her off my dick and dropped her on her stomach onto the couch . I lay down on top of her and felt my dick ease between the cheeks of her beautiful, firm ass, the mounds of her butt making a perfect valley for my cock to plow through. She pushed her ass up and back, I repositioned my cock and it slid easily into her dripping wet pussy.

Zooey got up on her hands and knees like a bitch in heat as I fucked her from behind. I placed one foot up on the back of the couch creating additional leverage as I slammed my dick into her to new depths. "Oooohhh fuuuuucckkk!" she cried as my cock plowed deep into her exquisite twat. Exquisite is the only word that seems appropriate; the muscles along Zooey's fuck channel caressed every inch of my cock as I fucked my beautiful Jew bitch.

"Who's my bitch?"

"I am," she panted.

"Louder. Who's my fucking bitch?"

"I'm your fucking bitch. Your fucking slut whore Jew bitch and I need your cock fucking me, I need your sperm filling me!" Zooey gasped as she shoved her pussy back to meet every thrust of my cock. "FILL ME WITH YOUR CUM!" she screamed. "Please Eddie, FILL MEEEE!"

I leaned forward and grasped a sweet tit in each hand, pinching and twisting as my cock continued its onslaught of her cunt. I tore at the soft tissue of her breast, mauling. I released one tit and grabbed her hair, pulling her head back toward me. She twisted around to look at me as I leaned in close. Her face was a mask of animal passion. She was my bitch in heat.

"You ARE my bitch."

"Yes, I am YOUR bitch... YOUR slut... YOUR Jewish cunt... Please... please don't stop fucking me!" I kissed her hard, sucking her lips into my mouth, shoving my tongue into her. I was pounding her pussy so hard that every time we slammed together our teeth crashed painfully into one another's. I tried to turn her around to face me and we lost it, tumbling to the floor.

I landed on top of her and plowed my dick home, once again filling her wet hole with my throbbing meat. She wrapped her legs around my ass and pulled me tightly to her. With each thrust we slid an inch or so across the carpet. I started lifting her up a bit with each powerful plunge, so the carpet didn't burn her ass. I was delirious with passion and so was she. We were two animals in rut, speaking to each other with desire hard-wired into our DNA when our forbearers were wallowing in primordial slime. We were meant to fuck one another, with every ounce of strength, with every bit of energy, with our whole hearts and our complete being.

Zooey's head slammed into the far wall of the living room and I just kept fucking her. Her pussy tirelessly milked my cock as I relentlessly pounded her clasping fuck hole. Her heels dug into my ass begging me to thrust deeper into her twat. Her fingernails raked my back, digging into my flesh; where she broke the skin the salty sweat stung.

Zooey began to babble incoherently as she rode my dick to a massive climax and I wasn't far behind her as finally jet after jet of scalding hot cum blasted into her quaking pussy. By this time we were both screaming nonsense to each other, but we were far past the need for words. We were in a place of pure sensation, of total physicality. I could feel every pore of her body, every hair follicle, every cell. I felt full and complete and totally connected to this amazing woman I held in my arms, this beautiful being wrapped around me.

We lay there, our bodies entwined, for a long time, kissing and licking and smiling and being, being one being, one entity and I never wanted it to end. I never knew it could be this good. No one had ever given herself to me so fully, so completely. I was amazed and in awe and so very moved by the act.

I almost said the words, I was this close to saying the words and so was she. But we didn't say it; we longed to but we also knew that the words were not necessary. We had felt it.

After a long, long while, I sat upright, my back creaking as I did. Zooey laughed and pushed me over. I fell and she leaned over and kissed me as she started to rise. "I guess that was three," she said as she got to her feet.

"It felt more like a million."

"Definitely one in a million," she said.

Our night was far from over.