 Sexy, 27, unattached seemed to be the perfect formula for a crisis for Celine. Today being the first day in her new job as a graphic artist in an advertisement firm, she was early at the new workplace and was waiting for someone to turn up.

In the meanwhile, she thought how she naturally attracted all types of men; studs, lovers, wimps and pimps alike. The common ones were the gym boy variety who would claim that they could pleasure her for hours on end. But, for all her 'suitors' she had what she called a 'cuntest'.

"Hi. I'm Rita," a voice brought her back to the present and she looked up from the couch at a girl in her late twenties. 

"Hi," repeated Celine, smiled at the girl, who was the receptionist, and introduced herself. 

They indulged in small talk as Rita led her to the department where she would work and asked her to wait for the boss who would come any time.

Within a few minutes, the boss arrived followed by Rita and then both disappeared into a cabin. Rita came out in a minute and gestured to Celine to come in. The boss appeared to be in his late 50s, was bald and looked cheerful. As they introduced themselves, Rita went out, and Celine saw that the boss was staring at her twin assets. She decided that her life here would be easy if she was sweet to this bald baby, unlike her earlier blunder of being rude to the boss who fired her as simple as sneezing. The boss' eyes wandered all over her body, memorizing her curvy vital statistics which he would, maybe, use later for his fantasy trip while lying by the side of his frigid and weary wife. 

Rita came back with coffee, placed one cup each before the boss and Celine and briefed him about the day's engagements. After a few minutes, Celine and Rita came out of the boss' cabin. The rest of the staff had arrived by then and Celine was introduced to all. Rita pulled her aside and said they would have lunch together.

At lunch at a nearby joint, Rita told Celine about the guys at the office.

"The boss ogles all women, as if he were eating them. I think he is harmless and I feel he can't get it up. He loves to stare at boobs, since you have good ones, let him take a peek and, baby, I tell you, you will be in heaven. Just unbutton your shirt when you go in to see him and, your life is made. Yeah, there is another guy with a nice build, you remember? Tom, he comes on rather heavily. The rest are o.k., bores but none is problematic."

"What about that nice, drop-dead gorgeous guy," Celine asked.

"Oh!. Peter. Poor guy, he has a premature ejaculation problem. I once took him to a movie and I touched him and there he was all over the place. After that I took him to my place, kissed his cock and he came all over my hair and face. I took pity on him and let him sleep with me and in the morning he spooned me and creamed my cheeks. Big problem for him," Rita unreeled a mini-porn compilation.

"What a sad thing! I thought he was handsome and all," Celine sighed.

"He won't bother you, but Tom, the stud, will," Rita said.

Rita was right about macho Tom who approached Celine and asked her if she was free that evening. Celine said she would be busy looking for a place to stay etc. and excused herself. After work, Rita asked Celine where she was staying and offered to put her up next day at a place where she had stayed earlier. Celine took the offer and they left for Rita's place. A few dresses in a backpack and her laptop was Celine's entire belongings. 

When they settled down in a sofa with dinner, Rita asked Celine if she had a boyfriend.

"No. I get lots of guys but none steady. It is a bother, believe me. But I have a technique for getting rid of them. I hold a 'cuntest' for them."

"You mean, contest?" asked Rita.

Celine laughed loudly and said, "No, 'cuntest', I call it. I will tell you. There was a guy who approached me and told me he could pleasure me all night. I told him about the 'cuntest.' He should lick my ass for half an hour, then my pussy for another half an hour. Then I would suck his cock for half an hour and if he had not come by then, he can fuck me for a week."

"Shit!. Are you mad and kinky? Never heard of anything like that," Rita was flabbergasted.

"I am sexy and I can afford to say that. That guy was pissed off and never bothered me again, but he called me a whore behind my back. The boss was another guy who was desperate to have me. I told him the same thing and that put him off my back. But he fired me in a flash," Celine said.

"Don't try that shit here, I tell you, baby. Let the old boy look at your goodies. He looks at me too. He won't do anything," Rita advised.

"Okay. I had lovers who would send me flowers and try to woo me. I found it boring. There was a guy who wanted to be my slave and, at least my pimp, if I wouldn't let him fuck me," Celine laughed.

"Crazy guys, morons. Were you like this always?" Rita asked in disbelief.

"When I was 22, I had a steady boyfriend who would ward off all other guys. Then we broke up. Trouble began when I started to work. Without my protective boyfriend, all guys converged on me. Then I hit upon this idea of 'cuntest' and began saying nasty things like 'would you like to eat me after a man fills me with cum', which put off most guys. But some men were ready for anything and these were wimps whom I could handle easily," Celine laid bare her sexual history.

"Hmm. I don't know how you will manage here," Rita said and soon they slept watching TV.

Two days later, Tom approached her and offered to take her out. She readily accepted and they went out for dinner. Later he took her to his house and tried to fondle her. That was when Celine broached the topic of 'cuntest'. Macho Tom was a bit taken aback but managed to laugh out loud and said he was a horse and could ride her all night till she was sore and fainted.

Celine stripped and sat nude on the couch and asked Tom to undress. Stumped by her blatant sexuality, Tom took a minute to regain composure and reluctantly stripped, revealing his five-inch erection. 

"Come on lick my rear," Celine said and raised her legs in the air and Tom obediently, but hesitatingly, bent down and ran his tongue around her round hole. It was obvious that he had never tasted the forbidden rose bud.

Tom continued for a minute and suddenly held his cock and shot his cum all over the floor.

Celine stood up and dressed. 

"Never bother me again and never behave like a stud, you sorry ass-licker," she said and left.

Next day, Celine narrated the episode, punctuated by guffaws, to a perplexed Rita. 

"You crazy bitch! Why did you do that? What if he had molested you or turned violent? " Rita exploded in disbelief.

"Oh! come on, we work together and he has to think of his job. He can't misbehave with me and get away with that. I smashed his balls and his small dick in a way he will never forget," Celine said proudly.

"Be careful, that is what I have to say," Rita sounded a note of caution and decided Celine was trouble. Rita set her up in a small apartment near the office and decided to steer clear of this hellcat.

But experience had taught Celine how to protect herself from any possible professional threats: the bald boy would soon be eating out of her hand and would act as her protector. So, as advised by Rita, Celine unbuttoned her shirt and let the boss gaze at nature's ample benevolence. The old boy was happy to see her and she went close to him on the pretext of showing a drawing, letting him smell her perfume and brushing her nipples on his shoulder.

He began bestowing her with gifts, like free movie and concert tickets and buffets which she shared with a grateful Rita, who had suddenly decided that Celine was not a scamp but an angel.

Deciding to take her boss to the next level, Celine stopped wearing panties and sat in a sofa in front of the boss. She spread her thighs gently and ensured the old boy had a gander at her uncovered, smooth love junction. He gasped at the stunning display of the flashing flesh and, combined with the exposure of her bursting globs, the boss was her slave for life. Celine gave him the visual pleasure almost daily and his sly glances became a daring stare. 

Rita sighed when Celine told her how pleased the boss was.

"Thank god for that dear! Had you behaved with the boss the way you did with that Tom guy, you would have been out of a job," Rita said.

"Oh! I learnt a lesson from my previous experience. Feed the boss and starve the staff," Celine winked.

In the coming weeks, Celine let the boss run his hand up her rear while she showed him her work and soon he was finger-pleasuring her often. 

Boss taken care of, her thoughts turned to herself: what was she after in life? A quiet, well-behaved, decent man, (someone like PE Peter) who would serve her well in bed too. Loudmouths like that Tom were a drip and the rest were weak ones who meekly surrendered to her. Where was her guy hiding among the hordes of boring ones, she wondered.

In the next two days she befriended Peter and took him to a movie and dinner. Later at her place, she told him everything about herself: her 'cuntest', boss, and all.

A shy Peter confessed about his problem, a bit emotionally, as if he would burst into tears any time. Celine comforted this weak but handsome man and told him PE could be cured if he controlled his emotions and got used to a nude body.

"I can help you, Pete. You can hang around with me and lie next to me, cum if you want and I am sure you will develop a resistance soon," Celine assured him. She stripped and walked around nude, letting him watch her stunning curves. They slept together side by side but when Peter mounted her he sploshed his load all over her mound. Celine comforted the dejected man till he slept.

"You are mad! Are you a nurse or something, trying to cure his PE?" Rita said wondering about this cranky girl's sanity.

"No. He is too handsome and needs help so that he can go out and conquer the women. I need to arm him, prepare his weapon," Celine said emotionally as Rita watched incredulously.

Celine felt Peter was nice company, and the other guys left her alone seeing them together. She explained to him her mission of curing him and asked him not to be emotional about sex and women. She let him watch her bath and fondle herself . 

Weeks went in this manner and Celine felt Peter was showing signs of resistance and could hold back his ejaculation better. 

One day a great looking guy began work as copy writer at their office: Frank, a tall and bearded guy who looked sad and quiet. Celine immediately felt a tingle deep inside her love cavern and squeezed her thighs together and relished the shivering sensation.

"He is not from our city, a creative guy, keeps to himself and is moody. Are you nuts? Why do you stare at him for?" a peeved Rita asked Celine who found herself looking at him.

Was she in love? A quiet and melodramatic man who needed to be comforted. Was she attracted to guys who needed emotional help and to be mothered? That could be the reason why she helped Peter. What else could explain such a strange behavior? On one hand, she let the boss fondle her and let Peter lie with her and, on the other, she was looking for love. Was she enigmatic for even herself to understand? But she felt comfortable and almost euphoric and that was what mattered most.

One day, Frank and Celine were alone in the elevator and she found her heart beating faster, her folds twitching, oozing juice and drenching her panties. This was the man, her vulva had chosen for her.

She managed to utter a meek hello and his response was a brief nod: an improvement on his usual opaque, indifferent glare.

She hoped to build on this small chink in his impenetrable fortress.

Rita was skeptical and said Peter the impenetrable would not respond. No one knew his past or anything about him. 

A day later, Peter and Celine had to work together on an assignment and as they sat side by side, his raw manliness aroused her. She was glad she was wearing panties or else her gushing juices would have drenched the chair.

Three days went in this manner and on the fourth day, Friday, she invited him home and surprisingly he accepted but said he would come on Saturday. 

So, on Saturday evening, they sat in the sofa with drinks in hand, both waiting for the next move. In that uneasy silence, Celine sensed what he wanted was company and maybe sex too. She took his hand and placed it on her thighs and kissed his cheek, and felt intoxicated at his smell. He moved his hand higher up her thighs and soon they were kissing and feeling each other. Stripping, Celine asked him to follow suit. When he peeled his pants down, his protuberance inside the underwear was too huge, Celine felt. It sprang out when he pulled down his underwear and Celine almost gasped at the the nine-inch monster. For a minute her 'cuntest' went out of the window; for Celine, it was total surrender at the sight of such a huge tool. She grabbed him by his bum and took his manhood fully in her mouth and ran her tongue all over its length. He held her head and watched and asked her to lead him to her bed. He mounted her in missionary position, penetrating her to the hilt and with a few lunges emptied himself into her. Mumbling a feeble sorry, he slid off her and went to sleep. 

Celine felt so irritated at the damp squib performance that she wanted to kick the sleeping sexy hunk next to her. Was he too another Tom-type of guy? That was when Peter messaged her asking if he could see her.

"Oh! sorry dear! Frank just now filled my cunt with his sweet jizz and is sleeping by my side," she replied in an attempt to irritate him and transfer her frustration to Peter.

"Oh, no problem. Can I see you please," he begged like a sick puppy.

Peter had been showing improvement with continued exposure to nudity and physical proximity.

She said yes and waited for him on the sofa.

He came soon and sat next to her, reeking of whiskey. Celine was nude and Peter parted her thighs and fingered her sloppy hole. Going down on his knees between her thighs, he slurped her creamed bun noisily. Though Celine did not expect him to behave in this degrading manner, she was aroused and held his head as it boobed up and down. As he tasted the sauce of another man from her flavored pussy, Celine saw that Peter was aroused and throbbing. He got up and shoved his erection into her soggy slot and pounded her furiously, displaying a new avatar, something totally different from the PE Peter she had seen. His organ pleasured her for five more minutes before he let himself go deep inside her. They remained in embrace for a few more minutes before Peter disentangled himself and sat next to her.

"Oooh! I have to thank you for this, baby. I think I can perform better. Don't you think so?" he gasped, almost on the verge of tears of joy.

"Yes. I think you have overcome the problem," a relieved Celine said.

"Yes, thanks to your care,... I wanted to humiliate myself by licking your used... but I surprised myself by holding on inside you."

"Wanna have another go at me," Celine winked and brought him a drink and closed the bedroom door after checking if Frank was still asleep. 

"Will he wake up and see us..." Peter asked apprehensively.

"Oh, don't worry, He is out like a light. I don't know what his problem is," she said and switched off the light. Peter began fondling and fingering her twice used crevice and was soon aroused. Celine sat on his erection and moved gently as they kissed. All the while she thought what a whore she was; one man who filled her was sleeping in the bedroom and she was straddling another man a second time. Were she and Peter sick, perverse and kinky? Such thoughts clouded her mind but did not keep her from sliding up and down Peter's pole. He lasted longer, searching inside her wet and hot crevice for all the carnal pleasures he had lost over the years because of his PE.

They were sweating when he exploded inside her. As Celine still sat on his depleted organ, Peter thanked her again and assured he won't come between Frank and her and would keep away.

After he left, Celine lay next to Frank and fingered herself to sleep.

Next day, the sensation of a finger running up and down her slit woke her up. Without opening her eyes, she reached for and clasped Frank's erection and played with it.

He mounted her and was soon pounding away at her ready hole. She thought this would be a repeat of yesterday. But his fierce and non-stop lunging continued for 15 minutes, with both panting, sweating and swearing. Emptying himself, Frank lay by Celine's side.

"I lost my wife to cancer a year back and since then I was depressed. I never worked and interacted with friends. I could rarely sleep, and sometimes I had to drink and pass out. Last night was my first sexual encounter after my wife passed away... So I couldn't control myself... " Frank said.

"Oh! you poor man! I am here for you, don't you worry, now. You can share anything with me," Celine said, having finally found the core of the man and his problems. 

They slept again and when they woke up it was 11 a.m. That evening while sitting on a sofa, Celine was wearing a skirt and Frank had a towel around his hips. Finding Frank a bit relaxed and seeing he was opening up, she decided to tell him about the 'cuntest'. Not that she wanted him to go through that as she found that he was a fantastic lover but she just wanted to see how he reacted.

Frank gave her a rare smile and looked at her romantically and went down and pulled her legs up onto his shoulders and buried his face between her thighs. His warm tongue played on her pink rear entrance slowly and in circles, making her moan. Asking her to watch the clock, he ate a dish he had never had in recent times. The swirling tongue brought on her orgasm without his touching her vertical slit or her clitoris. He showed his throbbing manhood tauntingly and watched her mouth water at the sight, but continued pleasuring her rose bud. After half an hour, he focused on her pussy which he gently opened with his fingers and devoured. Though she asked him to stop it and let her suck him, he refused saying he wanted to win the 'cuntest' and went on slurping at the tasty eatable gash, speeding her on to another wave of internal explosion. Hungry for meat, she grabbed him by his buttocks as he stood up after finishing his feast and took his whole manhood into her mouth till her lips touched his balls. Frank gripped her hair and watched her relish his impatient banana and his loaded sacs. Their eyes locked and it was clear she had found her ideal lover. When she finally sat on his projectile, Celine was already exhausted. Bobbing up and down on him, her hair raising and falling, she was a picture of erotic mirth. His final lunge and his salvo of sauce made a fitting finale to a long drawn carnal enjoyment.

A satisfied and tired Celine asked Frank to move in with her and he accepted without a word of protest.

On Monday morning when Celine went to work, Rita grabbed her hand and took her to a secluded place.

"Peter is cured. You cured him. On Sunday morning he came to my home and made love to me beautifully. Wow! I loved it," Rita whispered.

Celine couldn't hold back and told to a giggling Rita all the erotic happenings that took place during the weekend. 

"You are a kinky cat. Lucky you didn't get caught by Frank! You got to be careful baby, if you wanna hold on to Frank," Rita warned.

"Ya, I know that. Did you ask Peter to move in with you?" Celine smiled. 

"Oh! He is not like your Frank. Peter, with his new weapon, wants to conquer the pussy world and so doesn't want to be stuck to one woman. I wished him luck and am glad for him," Rita said genuinely pleased with the turn of events.
