 We all have dreamed about the moment in time when it happens, when you think life has set your course and then something changes it. I was not expecting it to happen to me at this time, with this person, but as we kissed the whole world for me changed. I have heard, but I never knew that what I was feeling was possible, that someone could make such a different is such a short period of time. And what a difference he made how he set me on fire, sent me to...... well I'll let you read it and find out what I am talking about.

"Your turn", as I hear you say those words my thoughts are lost. I can feel you breath on my ear and your hands on my shoulders. All I can do is look into your eyes. My senses are alive with anticipation. The desire I have for you, I see reflected in your eyes and I feel in your touch. You look at me with a smile that tells me you want to pleasure me in a way I have never known. You take my hand and ask me to follow you. You turning the shower off and lead me to the hot tub.

As we enter the room, you lean over to me and whisper in my ear, 'Let me take that suit off, let me see what I have been wanting so long to see, to hold, to love.' You slide the straps off my shoulders caressing my skin, sending electricity through my shoulders. You slowly move your hands to the front and gently pull the suit off my breasts. I hear you moan as they are exposed, 'Oh god, they are beautiful'. I feel you body tense, I know you are holding back wanting to take your time, but wanting to feel them in your hands, in your mouth. You slip the suit to my waist freeing my arms. You cannot stop yourself any longer as you see my nipples rising under your gaze; you reach up and flick the tip. ' OH YES', it is almost a scream as I say it. But you stop, 'Not yet, I want to experience your whole beauty before I continue.' And with that you continue to remove my suit, sliding it over my hips, past my mound and down my thighs letting it drop to the floor. Then you lead me to the hot tub stepping in and holding my hand as I do. 

You place me so that the jets are brushing at my breasts and pussy. Then you slide your hand down my thigh, down my calf reaching my foot. You set down across from me messaging my foot and I lay back and enjoy the feeling of the jets, they keep me at a constant state of arousal without letting me go over the edge. As I drift in and out of constant highs and the feel of your hands on my feet, I am caught off guard when I feel your tongue on my toes. I open my eyes in shock, seeing the smile on your face and the look in your eyes, I watch as you suck on each toe. Kissing it, licking it, almost as if you are making love to each and everyone. When you finish with them you kiss the bottom of my foot to my heel then across my ankle, and up my calf to the back of my knee. Massaging my leg as you go. Just when I think I can take no more, you stop. Once again I open my eyes and see you looking at me. You reach for my hands, pulling them away from my tits. "Not yet babe, I'm not ready for you to cum and no playing with yourself." Without knowing it I had been pulling at them while you were working your magic on my foot. You then pick up the other foot and work the same magic to it you had to the first one. But instead of stopping at the back of my knee, you slide up between my legs and kiss from the valley between my breasts to my lips stopping only to caress my skin with your hands. 

You brush over my lips and before I can react you pulling back. I look into your eyes and with one movement you pick me up and set me on the side of the tub. This puts my pussy at the same height as your face. But you don't even look at it; you go back to my legs. Kissing, licking, caressing and stroking you work your way up my legs first one side then the other, not missing a spot. With each touch I cannot stop moaning. I touch your hair with my hand, trying to keep my mind on the ground, because you are sending me to such heights, I am alive like never before. You kiss my inner thighs and that does it, I cannot control myself any longer, I moan out as I cum, "Oh yyess. Oh God Please stop teasing me, please gives me that cock of yours. I need to have you in me, fucking me" I hear you chuckle and answer, "Not yet, I want to taste your sweet nectar, I want you cover my face, before, you cover my cock." 

With that you bring your hands to my pussy, gently, slowly running your finger down my slit, spreading my lips as you go. I catch my breath with anticipation of what is next. You lower your head, I hear you breathing deeply, know that you are trying to take the scent of me deep in your mind. I look down just in time to see the twinkle in your eyes as you open your mouth and take all my pussy in your mouth sucking it like you were sucking one my lips during our kissing. I feel your tongue fucking my hole like a cock, with the tip curled stroking all the right spots. Just when I think I can't go any longer, I feel you finger stroking down my crack and teasing my bum hole. That is all I can take, I start shaking like I have never before, I cum with such force, I don't notice that you have inserted your finger in my ass and are pumping it. I hear myself screaming with such pleasure, that it brings me back to some consciousness, as I grab on to your head and rock my hips, fucking you back, and riding the orgasm not wanting it to end. 

Before I have time to recover you pull me off the edge of the hot tub and onto your lap. With just a slight push you ram your cock into my pussy as it is still pulsing for my orgasm. The feel of your cock in my cunt and the smell of my cum on face send me into yet another uncontrollable orgasm. But with this one you pump me with you cock.....my hands on your shoulders holding as you pinch my nipples and knead my tits. All I can do is moan and cry out with pleasure. Knowing I will never have this kind of experience again, knowing that all the weeks of watching you and having you watch me has brought us to this point. Knowing that this is pure sexual satisfaction and total abandonment to our needs. As I come down for this last orgasm I notice all the water splashing out of the tub, I notice the look on your face and I know that this will soon end. I lean in and kiss you, licking as much of my cum from your lips as I can. Your hands slide down my sides to my hips as we continue to fuck. You lean over and whisper in my ear, " I am going to cum soon, it is your choice where my seed goes, your pussy, your ass, or your mouth." 

With that an evil look crosses my face. I figure why not finish this where it all started. "I want to taste you one last time", I say to you, "Please cum in my mouth, let me suck you dry and lick you clean." You shift yourself onto the edge of the tub stroking your cock in front of my face. I kneel between your legs and open my mouth. You slap at my tongue with your cock but I reach up and grad it placing my mouth on the head and once again sucking you into my mouth pulling the base to my lips. That is all it takes and you shot your load deep in me. I pull off and suck you back in getting another wash of sperm filling my mouth. I look up to your face and see your eyes rolling back and your face showing the same pleasure you have been giving me. With that I release your cock and lick at your balls. Then I lick your cock clean. Just as I am about to stand up to kiss you we both hear the outer door closing. Giggling we scramble and gather my suit. You walk out as I slip it back on. You come back and let me know it is okay to leave.....but as I do you grab me and kiss me one last time. Thanks for being my swim mate.