 The cool water felt refreshing as it engulfed Mike's body. He swam underwater for half the length of the pool before surfacing. After such a long, hot day at the Animal Kingdom, he was glad to be able to cool down with a swim in the enclosed pool of their rented Orlando villa.

Mike's lust needed to be cooled down as much as his body did. It had only been two days since he had once again made love to Katie, but every minute he was around her just made him that much hotter for her. They had spent the day at Disney's wildlife refuge theme park. The jungle-like environment and the ninety-degree temperature caused the whole family to sweat profusely throughout the day.

Katie had chosen to defy modesty and the traditional upbringing her parents had given her and not wear a bra for the day. The result was torturous on Mike; the sweat covering her body made her cotton t-shirt cling to her in all the right places. Eight hours of clearly defined nipples had Mike ready for either a fuck or a cold shower. Since the former hadn't been available, he figured the pool would serve just as well as the latter.

The family left the Animal Kingdom at 4:00, sticky and exhausted. Hannah needed a nap, so Mike had put her to bed before donning his swim suit. Jennifer took a shower and went down for her own nap. Mike didn't know what the rest of the family was doing, so he enjoyed the water and the view of the green landscape behind the glass-enclosed pool room.

Mike's arms and elbows rested on the side of the pool as he gazed out the windows across the grassy pasture and small lake. After a few minutes, he heard the door from the house open behind him, but he was too tired and too content to turn around and see who it was.

"Out here all alone?" Katie's voice rang out.

Mike's lips spread into a smile. The thought of Katie in a swim suit was enough to entice him to turn around. "All alone," he confirmed as he spun. Once he saw her, his jaw dropped.

Katie stood by the side of the pool, fifteen feet away. Her white bikini covered her in delicious contrast to her tanned skin. Her apparel was modest enough to mostly cover the places it should but skimpy enough to leave little to the imagination. After its brief hiatus, Mike's erection returned in full force.

Detecting his appreciation, Katie asked, "You like the bikini?"

Mike gave one scoffing grunt before saying, "I'm staring. Does it look like I like it?"

She smiled shyly. "So how's the water?"

"Refreshing," Mike replied. "Come on in."

Katie lifted her slender leg and stepped into the water. Mike found it adorable how she pinched her nose shut with one hand before submerging herself. She quickly surfaced and slicked her short hair back on her head with both hands before opening her eyes and swimming over to Mike's side of the pool.

"Where is everybody else?" Mike asked as she approached. He loved the way her body glided effortlessly through the water, as if the water also marveled at her beauty and somehow made it easier for her.

"Mom and dad were taking a nap, Daniel and Chad were playing video games, and Thomas was taking a shower and then going to take a nap." Her left hand grabbed the side of the pool a few feet away from Mike's location. The look she gave him was immensely suggestive.

"That's a shame," Mike said. "They're all missing out on this fantastic view." After a short pause, he continued. "The scenery out back there is really great too," nodding his head towards the back of the house.

Katie laughed appreciatively. "Too bad most of the bedrooms have windows that look out here, huh?"

"Yeah, but you know the hot tub's around the corner there," he noted, pointing to his left, "and nobody can see it unless they walk out here to the pool. Whoever built this place sure knew what they were doing."

Laughing again, Katie said, "I think you're right. You know, I've really got some aches and pains. I think I'll go get in the hot tub." With a wink, she swam around Mike and headed for the shallow end of the pool.

"Now that you say that, I've got one specific ache too. Maybe it can also get some help in the hot tub." He swam after her, enjoying the view of her dripping body exiting the pool.

By the time Mike reached the steps at the end of the pool, Katie was already in the hot tub with jets bubbling. Mike walked over, his erection forming a tent in his wet shorts.

Katie just smiled and watched him as his legs made a hole in the bubbly surface of the hot water. He eased himself down into the round, in-ground tub, finally reaching the bottom of the tub which was contoured for several different sitting positions.

"This is hot," he said through gritted teeth, his body trying to adjust.

Employing Mike's previous word play, Katie responded, "So is the water."

He laughed and looked over his shoulder, verifying that they were still alone. As his gaze returned to Katie, he expressed his thoughts. "This is perfect; we're out of view of anyone not already standing beside the pool. Still, we won't have any warning if somebody does come out here."

"Well then we'll just have to be careful," she said seductively. With her right hand, Katie patted the top of the water beside her as if to invite Mike over. He quickly slid across the hot tub and sat down right next to her, their legs touching. The familiar shortness of breath assailed them both.

Looking over into Katie's deep blue eyes, Mike said, nearly in a whisper, "We'll need to keep our eyes out for somebody coming. We'd better not kiss."

She just nodded, her face dripping with lustful anticipation. Mike slid his left hand over the top of Katie's right thigh, squeezing it gently. Katie leaned her head back and rested it on the concrete, her eyes closed in the savoring of his touch.

Mike's fingers did not delay in making their way between her smooth legs. He delicately, slowly rubbed the crotch of her bikini, and the softest sigh flowed from between her lips. If Mike had not been watching her face, he probably wouldn't have heard the sound over the noise of the bubbling jets.

Mike could feel her puffy lips through the tight material. He pressed one finger in between them, pushing the fabric up into her slit. His finger moved slowly but firmly up and down, and the slightest moan escaped her.

Katie breathed noisily through her mouth at the sensations Mike's hand was creating within her. Mike loved knowing that she enjoyed the things he did to her, and it made him want to please her even more.

Mike felt Katie's right hand sliding under his arm and onto his left thigh. He continued to massage her outer sex through her bikini, even while she struggled to position her hand on his hard cock.

"Look," Mike said softly, "this thing is made for two people to sit side-by-side, facing each other right here," pointing to the bottom of the tub in front of them. "Let's move."

Katie again just nodded and used her arms to scoot across into the little seat-like contour. Mike sat in the opposite seat, and they suddenly found themselves facing each other, each of their right knees resting beside the other's right hip. It was a perfect setup, and Katie apparently was thinking the same thing as Mike. She lifted her hips and slid the bottom of her bikini partway down her legs. Mike followed suit, untying the string on his trunks and pulling them down to his knees.

Mike suddenly became thankful for the hot tub apparently not having the proper chemical mix. The water was completely foamed up with bubbles, and even someone standing directly over the pair would not be able to see the truth of what was going on below the surface.

Relaxing in the naturally reclining seat, Mike replanted his hand on her right leg, starting at her knee that lay to his side. He felt the string waistband of her bikini as his fingers journeyed up the soft flesh of her thigh. He watched her intently, enjoying the expressions of anticipation and pleasure that coursed through her face. Katie, on the other hand, sat there with eyes closed, focused on the impending intruder between her legs.

As Mike's fingers reached her lips once again, he felt her fingers encircling his extremely hard cock. Mike delighted in her touch as her fist enclosed around him. His index and middle fingers traced their way through her slit and found her hole. At the same time that she squeezed him, his fingers pushed their way inside her pussy.

Katie let out another deliciously soft and erotic moan as Mike's digits stroked the most sensitive part of her body. Her hand instinctively began to slowly pump Mike's throbbing shaft. Mike found her to be amazingly wet, as usual. His two fingers glided effortlessly in and out of her tight hole.

Katie ever-so-lightly raked her fingernails along Mike's length down to his balls. She gently scraped underneath them before finally grasping them and tenderly squeezing. Her touches made Mike moan in pleasure, and he moved inside her with a little more urgency.

With his finger tips, Mike caressed the spot he knew to be her most sensitive. When Katie's quiet moans grew longer and her face betrayed the feelings she was experiencing, Mike increased the pace of his fingers inside her. He could clearly feel her g-spot, and he was relentless in his gentle manipulation of it.

Her breaths came in squealing pants, every exhale containing the delicious sound of this woman giving in to the ecstasy her lover was creating within her. She pulled her hand from Mike's cock and grabbed his forearm with both hands. With a growing intensity, she pulled at his arm as if she was trying to push his fingers further inside her.

Sitting up slightly, Mike reached his left hand over and pressed it flatly into her lower abdomen. His fingers could feel the increased pressure on her pussy, and he was able to rub the spot with even more vigor.

As her orgasm neared, Katie couldn't keep quiet. "Oh my god – Mike – Mike – oh don't stop! Don't – don't – just – a little – oh – faster! Faster! Faster! Faster!" Her eyes remained closed, her face squinting in pleasure.

The volume of her pleadings continued to grow but was still low enough so as not to be heard by someone walking out to the pool area. She was right on the edge, and Mike knew it.

"Oh Mike! Oh yes! Faster - - faster - - faster – faster – faster faster fasterfasterfaster!" Mike felt his fingertips start to go numb with the speed of the friction between them and Katie's wet flesh. When she finally came, it was more intense than any previous orgasm Mike could remember giving her.

"Ooooooh gooooooooo-OD!" Her voice cracked as her entire body convulsed, bolting her upright where she sat. Mike's hands were unforgiving as they continued their actions, racking Katie with one spasm after another. Her eyes flew open and her upper body jerked forward in a rhythmic motion, whiplashing her neck and head, as if she were vomiting. The only things flying from her mouth, however, were the cries of ecstasy as she surrendered to the shockwaves of electricity that emanated from between her legs.

"OHHH! OHHH!" she grunted heavily with every tremor of her body, sounding like she was in pain, but Mike knew better. After about thirty seconds of her cumming so violently, Mike released the pressure on her belly and pointed his hand downward. He slid one finger over her clit and began to mercilessly rub it.

The action sent Katie's orgasm even higher. Her voice stopped producing sounds, and even her lower body lost control of itself. She writhed and squirmed like a fish out of water, and Mike struggled to retain his manipulation of her genitals.

Katie thrashed about like she was having a seizure. After intense contractions ravaged her pussy for ten more seconds, one of her flailing hands pushed Mike's away from her clit. Mike decided to give her a little break, so he stopped moving his fingers inside her but did not pull them out.

Katie's orgasm quickly diminished from its peak, but her entire body continued to convulse every few seconds. Worn out, Katie had slumped back into a reclining position. Even as the frequency slowed, every aftershock inside her pussy once more brought her legs up off of the bottom of the hot tub and her upper body forward as if she was being doubled over by some invisible force.

Mike's fingers remained motionless inside Katie, enjoying the sporadic pressure her flesh put on his digits. After a long minute or two, the orgasm finally seemed to stop, and Katie finally spoke up. "Mike – I – that was – oh my god that was good! I don't ever remember cumming so hard in my life." Breathless, she continued, "How – how did you – do that to me?"

Mike just smiled at the appreciation in her look. He ran his fingers, one time only, firmly from one side of her pussy to the other. Katie's jaw dropped and she squealed much too loudly, "Ooooh!"

Mike repeated his action. "Oh Mike," she cried, "I can't – no more!"

His fingers again stroked her. Another squeal, "I can't take it! Please!"

Katie quickly reached her hands under the water and grasped Mike's wrist to pull his hand out of her. Before she could, he began rapidly rubbing her pussy once again.

"Ooooh my goooood! Miiiiiike!" Katie cried out in erotic desperation, her hands exerting what force they could to remove the source of her stimulation. Mike resisted her efforts, and within seconds her strength waned to nothing as she began the rapid ascent to another climax.

"Ooooooh fuuuuuck!" Her volume increased along with the pleasure. Katie's hands flew out of the water and covered her face, trying to suppress the screams. When they couldn't, her fingers slid up the side of her face and into her wet hair. "Uhhhhhhhhhhh!"

Just as quickly, her hands hit the water again, wasting no time in grasping Mike's raging erection. Katie began to jerk him off with lightning speed. As incredibly turned on as he already was, he knew he would cum in no time.

Another powerful orgasm overwhelmed Katie. The pitch of her voice ranged all over the chart as she cried out the name of her brother-in-law. "Miiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiike!"

Mike surveyed the scene in grateful appreciation for being allowed to partake in the forbidden fruit that was Katie's body. The silence of the otherwise quiet pool room was shattered by the noise of the hot tub jets and the squeals of the beautiful woman that sat next to him. The sun had been hidden behind a series of clouds, but its indirect light still illuminated the glass-enclosed area. The odor of chlorine saturated Mike's nose, but the smell only seemed to add to the erotic reality of the situation: here he sat in the hot tub with his fingers buried inside the quivering sex of his sister-in-law.

Rather than lose control, Katie channeled her ecstatic energy into pumping Mike's cock. Witnessing this intensely sexual woman react to the ministration he paid her body brought Mike's own orgasm on like a flood.

"Oh Katie – I'm cummiiiiiiiiiiing!" he rasped out through gritted teeth. Katie continued her rapid stroking as Mike felt the cum erupting from him. They both sat in the hot tub allowing the hand of the other to produce feelings inside their body like no other thing could. They climaxed together for a wonderfully long minute before sinking back into their seats in sexual exhaustion.

Mike's fingers stayed inside Katie's pussy, and her hand stayed wrapped around his cock as they sat there, panting for air. Mike felt dizzy and light-headed, probably due to a combination of his powerful orgasm and the fact that he had been immersed in the hot water for the better part of twenty minutes.

With eyes closed, Mike interrupted the bubbling of the water. "Do you feel as dizzy as I do?"

Still breathing heavily, Katie answered, "I feel like I might pass out."

"I think we'd better get out of this hot water," Mike continued. "Do you think you can walk over to the pool?"

"Yeah, I think I can, but uh – you're going to have to remove those fingers first," she quipped.

Mike chuckled, opening his eyes to see Katie's radiant smile. "They don't want to leave. They like it there."

"Well they are welcome anytime," she replied. "Actually, I may come hunt them down if they don't come back to visit soon."

As Katie winked, Mike reluctantly slid his fingers from her slick pussy. She finally released her grip on his cock and pulled her bikini bottoms back into place. As Mike returned his attire to its proper position, Katie crawled over to the far side of the tub, where she stood up. Mike couldn't help but stare at her picture-perfect frame and her long, slender, tanned legs flowing from her small but rounded ass.

With unsure legs, she emerged from the hot tub and slowly made her way across the concrete toward the pool. Mike carefully followed her, recognizing his own imbalance as he walked.

The pool water felt like ice as Mike dipped his body in it. The shock quickly cured Mike of his wooziness, and he and Katie just relaxed in the shallow end of the pool while it refreshed them.

They didn't talk much, instead choosing to just float and stare at each other. Mike wondered what Katie was thinking as he gazed into her eyes from ten feet away. He imagined it was similar to his own thoughts. He loved her dearly, he longed to be with her, he dreamt of running away with her, but he knew he couldn't.

His musing was interrupted by Daniel and Chad noisily exiting the house into the pool room. They were so engaged in their conversation about some video game that they failed to notice Mike and Katie until they reached the pool's edge. "Oh, hey," Daniel addressed them, "you care if we swim too?"

"Yes, you can't come in," Mike joked sarcastically, "especially since I'm getting out now."

"Shut up, punk!" Chad retorted in jest.

"I think I'm leaving too," Katie said tiredly. "You two have fun."

"Oh, we will," Daniel said right before shoving Chad into the pool. Daniel jumped after him, creating an equally big splash. Mike walked over and grabbed a towel from the closet by the door into the house. Katie was right behind him as he began to dry himself off.

"I wish I was that towel," Katie mumbled under her breath.

Mike laughed quietly. "Likewise!" he replied. "Actually, I wish I was that bikini!" he teased.

Katie flashed him another delightful smile and wink, and under the shouts of the boys in the pool she whispered, "I love you."

"I love you too," Mike whispered back. "We only have two more full days here. Be on the lookout for more chances for us to be together."

Katie wrapped the towel around her waist and walked toward the door. She brushed past Mike and said softly, "I always am," before disappearing inside the house. Mike waited a short thirty seconds before going through the door. He headed upstairs to his room to find Jennifer in the midst of a nap.

Mike heard the shower already in use, and imagined it was Katie washing the sweat and chlorine off of her gorgeous body. Despite there being three other showers in the house, Mike opted to just throw on some shorts and a t-shirt and head downstairs to find some sports on TV.

The rest of the evening followed the normal course of events, and the next day at Universal Studios did not lend itself to further consummation of Mike and Katie's illicit relationship. As usual, they took every opportunity to share a wink or smile or a brush up against each other, but that was the extent of any intimate interaction between them.

With Katie's customary provocative dress, Mike fought to keep his cock tamed throughout the day. He was thankful when Jennifer welcomed his advances that night, and the couple shared a wonderful time of love-making together. The guilt Mike had felt for the first few months of his affair with Katie was largely gone, and as he drifted off to sleep he was feeling good about how things were going and his ability to love both sisters at once.
