 She examined herself in the mirror. She wasn't sure if she liked it or not. It was probably one of those things that she would have to get used to. 

She heard the front door open and close. Dave was home earlier than she thought he would be. 

"Clarissa, you here?" he called out. 

"In the bathroom, babe." 

She cleaned up the sink, throwing all the trash into the garbage. She was washing her hands when there was a small knock on the door. A second later Dave entered. 

"Hey—" he started, then stopped. She looked at him, and he had a stunned look on his face. 

"Do you like it?" she asked nervously. She pulled a strand of hair out in front of her face and looked at it cross-eyed. 

"Wow," Dave murmured. 

She looked at him, trying to figure out whether he liked it or not. Her eyes happened to travel down and she was shocked to find he had the beginnings of a throbbing hard-on. 

"You look amazing, Clarissa," he said a little breathlessly. 

"I can see that you like it," she replied, looking pointedly at his erection.

"Yeah—I've always had a thing for blondes," he admitted. 

"Why didn't you tell me?" she asked.

"'Cause I thought you'd think I was typical—a lot of guys like blondes."

"Yeah, I probably would." Clarissa told him. 

He was still staring at her head of bleach blond curls. 

"You look amazing," he repeated. He came and stood behind her in front of the mirror. He put his hands on her hips, squeezing gently. 

She studied the two of them in the mirror. Her blond hair definitely contrasted with his dark straight hair. Luckily, Clarissa had been born with light hazel eyes that made it possible to change from a brunette to a blonde without looking funny. God, Dave's eyes were the brightest green. She could never get over how clear they were. 

Suddenly, Dave grinned and pushed against her. The bulge in his pants lined up perfectly between her butt cheeks. Clarissa was only wearing a white T-shirt and a pair of Dave's boxers. With his hard cock throbbing against her backside, she felt a wetness between her legs. 

"What are you thinking?" she asked him, having some idea of the kind of dirty thoughts that were running through his head.

His grin deepened. "I'm thinking," he started, running a finger up her side, light enough not to tickle, but hard enough to give her goosebumps, "that you look like a naughty cleaning maid, and that her boss has caught her running around in his clothes." He said this seductively, but there was a bit of hesitation in it as well. 

Clarissa wasn't always a big fan of role-play and Dave knew this. She knew that she would probably be questioning him later on about his attraction to blondes. However, with his hardness pressing so adamantly against her butt and her nipples hardening with expectation, she felt rather adventurous. She decided to go along with it. 

"Sir, I'm very sorry. It was so hot out today that I couldn't bear to wear my uniform any longer. I'm very sorry sir." 

"Jennifer, I expected a better performance out of you. I'm gravely disappointed in you. I'm going to have to punish you." 

She feigned shock and fear. 

"Please sir—don't punish me. I need this job. I promise it won't happen again!" She squirmed around to face him. His bulge pushed between her lips. Her breath caught in her throat and she squeezed the edge of the sink. Hard.

Dave was starting to pant. He pushed up against her, his dress pants tented with his throbbing hard-on. There was a small dark stain at the tip of it. 

His expression hardened but his eyes twinkled the way they did when they were making out. 

"Jennifer, I forbid you to ever wear my clothes again. Take them off." 

His voice was hard, mean. 

"Sir!" Clarissa gasped. "I cannot get naked in front of you—you are my boss! It is not right!"

"If you want to keep your job, you will get out of my clothes right now!" 

Clarissa faked tears, then started pulling up her shirt. Dave's hand traveled down to his cock and he stroked it through his pants. Clarissa pulled her shirt over her head, exposing her taut nipples and Dave sucked in air through his teeth. She dropped the shirt onto the tiled floor, and Dave said,

"Now take my boxers off of your naughty behind."

"Sir—"Clarissa sobbed. The heat was incredible between her legs and one hand was unconsciously tweaking her nipple. Dave slapped her hand away. 

"Jennifer, I'm waiting." 

Slowly, she started pulling on one side of the plaid boxers, then the other. They slipped down past her smooth hips, and eventually her neatly shaved pussy was exposed. They dropped to the floor. Clarissa let one finger delve in between her lips and around the head of his cock on the way back up. Dave slapped her hand away again. 

She stood totally naked in front of him, his cock still pushing insistently in between her lips. She stared at him with what she hoped was a defiant look. He backed up a step, and started to undo his pants. He opened them up, and his thick cock bounced out from his boxer hole. Clarissa felt small contractions of excitement in her pelvis. A small sound escaped from her mouth. 

"What are you going to do to me?" she whimpered.

"I'm going to finish your punishment and teach you never to break the rules again. Turn around." He pulled down his boxers and stroked his cock. 

"Please sir—"she begged. 

"Jennifer, you have to learn discipline. Turn around."

She turned around and his hand was on the back of her neck, pushing her down. She bent over the sink. He slapped the inside of her thighs, forcing her legs apart. She whimpered again. 

He pulled on her hips, pulling her back towards him. The head of his hardness poked at her, trying to find its home. 

"Why do you have to be so naughty, Jennifer?" he whispered in her ear.

"I'm sorry sir," she cried out. God, all she could think about was his cock inside of her, filling her. 

"You're going to have to pay for it," he told her. 

Then he was sinking inside of her, all the way in until his balls were pressed tightly against her. They moaned in unison, his cock plunging in and out, harder and faster. His hands found their way to her breasts, grabbing them and pinching the nipples. 

"I'm sorry, I'm sorry," Clarissa moaned. Her breath came out in short gasps. 

"You've been a bad girl, Jennifer," he whispered, pounding harder. She felt his cock swelling inside of her. "How long am I going to have to fuck you before you behave?" 

"I promise I won't do it again!" she panted. 

Her climax rose up inside of her, and as she exploded, she felt him fill her up inside, both of them screaming together, shaking the sink. For what seemed like forever they were riding an incredible wave of pleasure, him digging ever deeper inside of her wetness. 

Afterwards, spooning on the bathroom mat, he stroked her hair. 

"You're a good cleaning lady," he told her. She looked up at him happily, then they snuggled closer together. 

They were just about to drift off, when she tensed.

"Who's Jennifer?"