 Slowly she unbuttoned his trousers and reached her hand in to pull out his cock. It was truly magnificent and she smiled as she studied it. He was already getting hard and it was about six or six and a half inches long. It was thick, and it gleamed like a highly polished piece of dark mahogany. A tiny drop of golden precum shone and caught the light as it oozed from his dick. She rubbed it back in, with her thumb.

"So what did you have in mind, Steven?" she asked him as she tugged his trousers down around his knees.

"Uhm," was all he could manage as he watched her pull the sports bra over her head, unleashing her girls. She used the bra to wipe some of the sweat from her breasts and shook her shoulders a little bit to set them swinging. She pushed him backwards till he plopped down on his wife's overstuffed chair. He gulped as she dropped to her knees in front of him and pushed his trousers the rest of the way down to his ankles then prized his knees apart. She ran her finger tips from the base of his cock to the tip then leaning in, she moved up on him dragging her tits the length of his hard on. She pressed against his chest when she leaned in further and kissed the corner of his mouth. She reversed the maneuver and when she had her ass on her heels she kissed the head of his cock. It twitched a few times and she moved back up. Steven kept his eyes closed enjoying the sensations so he was a little surprised when she stood up without the kiss and turned around to straddle his lap, lowering herself onto his cock, sliding along the length of it. Up and down, up and down, no penetration - only stimulation; her shorts between the two of them. She watched as another drop of precum oozed out, bigger this time, and used her index finger to wipe it off. To taste it. It was sweet so she rose higher and pushed her running shorts and panties to the side. 

She used one hand to guide Steven's dick into her pussy. Just the head though; and she paused. Steven tried to lift his butt off the chair. He tried to push deeper inside her but she giggled as she rose and fell with him. The depth of penetration didn't change. Surrendering, he brought his hands up to cup her breasts and pinch her distended nipples. She slid further down his boner and when the time was right, used her left hand to cup his balls and tease his anus. I didn't take long for his testicles to begin to contract and his legs to stiffen. He was close so she raised off his dick. 

"No," he begged.

She paid no attention to his pleas and spun around before she dropped back to her knees. She wrapped her tits around his cock and using her own juices as lubrication began to fuck him with her titties. A series of licks on the underside of the head of his cock when it neared her mouth ensured that he didn't last long, soon he erupted. His ejaculation was backed by a lot of force. Cum hit the bottom of her chin and ricocheted back to her boobs. It shot up her nose and into her hair. It closed one of her eyes and she laughed even harder as she kept pumping him; coaxing out every last drop of semen till he was done. Wiping the cum from her eye she licked it off her finger and readjusted her panties and shorts. She pushed her tits in his face and rubbed some of his own cum back onto his cheeks.

Picking up her sports bra, she pulled it back over her head and adjusted the girls so that they rode right. Wet spots appeared on the bra and she laughed again, rubbing them with the palms of her hands keeping her nipples at attention. Steven just watched her as she leaned down to kiss the end of his dick one more time. 

"Tell Natalie I stopped by to see if she wanted to run and that I'm sorry I missed her. I'll catch up with her at work tomorrow." She leaned over and kissed the corner of his mouth again, "We should do this again sometime." She said. 

She turned and walked to, and then through, the front door slamming the screen. He watched her start to run again when she got to the walk. Eventually, Steven stood and pulled his trousers back up. He buttoned the fly and plopped back down on Natalie's chair. There was a wet cum spot on the upholstery and the room smelled of love. The TV remote was in easy reach so he grabbed it and pointed it at the set before he pressed the power button.