 I sat by my desk, drumming my fingers while staring at my chemistry textbook, trying to cram in whatever information I could before tomorrow's final exam. 

I struggled mightily with chemistry the entire semester; I barely passed the midterm as it was and I couldn't afford to fail the final, as it counted toward half of my final grade. 

The kettle went off with a sudden and shrill cry in the tiny kitchen in my dorm, nearly giving me a heart attack. I ventured over to the kitchen to make myself some Sanka, preparing myself for yet another all-nighter. 

I actually don't like Sanka all that much but it was a gift (along with the kettle) from my ex-girlfriend Jenny, and I wasn't going to let it go to waste. 

There was a gift label that remained stuck to the jar of Sanka; I didn't have the heart to take it off as it served as a reminder of our nearly two years spent together. 'To my dearest Wayne, from your sweetheart,' the label read. 

I shook my head, knowing nothing could change the past. I still missed her, and even though it created a void in my life, it was for the best that we went our separate ways. 

I caught a glimpse at my reflection in the kettle as I poured out the boiling water and was horrified at what stared back at me; my short, brown hair was frazzled and I had an ugly five o'clock shadow. My normally bright, blue eyes were dull and bloodshot, with bags drooping underneath.

As I brought my coffee back to my desk I took a peek at the clock on the wall, it had just struck midnight. 

'This is pointless,' I thought to myself as I skimmed the pages of my massive chemistry textbook, 'I'll never be able to memorize all this.'

With a deep exhale I said out loud, "I wish Julia was here."

Ah, Julia, my voluptuous classmate from chemistry class. I've committed nearly every detail of her beautiful face to memory; from her neatly trimmed eyebrows which rested over her big, brown eyes, to her rosy, prominent cheeks, to her ravishing red lips that sparkled with fresh lip gloss. 

Her long, blonde hair had an intoxicating floral aroma that seemed to linger even when she wasn't around. 

But my favorite feature of hers was the beauty mark toward the left side of her chin. I recalled the day I pointed it out and how she blushed from embarrassment. But I told her I found it endearing and she kissed me suddenly but affectionately on my right cheek. 

I swear I can still feel the warmth of that kiss radiating on my cheek. 

I was deeply in love with her but she had a boyfriend, so I tried not to push my luck. Still, I managed to summon the courage to ask her to tutor me in chemistry occasionally. 

Unfortunately we weren't able to study together this week, as our schedules during this hellish finals week conflicted far too often. 

I closed the chemistry textbook and stared out the window at the pitch-black night sky as I sipped my coffee. Then my eyes wandered over to my phone resting in the corner by the charger. 

'Do I dare call Julia at this hour?' I asked myself in my head. No good could possibly come of doing so, I tried to tell myself. She's probably already asleep, ready to wake up tomorrow and ace that test. 

Or maybe she was fretting about the test just like me. After all she's only human. Maybe she would want to pull an all-nighter and study with me. 

But how inappropriate would that be, considering she has a boyfriend? 

All these thoughts and more bounced around in my head, and after about ten minutes I convinced myself to call Julia. 

The phone rang twice before she picked up. 

"Hey Wayne, what's up?" Julia's soft voice answered. 

She sounded like she hadn't gone to sleep yet, a good sign for me. 

"Hi Julia," I started, "I was just wondering how you were doing."

"I've been better," said Julia, "I can't get to sleep right now."

"Are you stressed out about the test tomorrow?" I asked. 

"No, it's something else," Julia said. 

"You sound depressed, want to talk about it?" I asked. 

There was silence on the line for a few seconds before Julia gave her reply. 

"Come over to my dorm," she said, "we can talk here."

My heart nearly leapt out of my chest. "See you in a few!" I said excitedly. 

I hurriedly put on some decent clothes, splashed some cold water on my face and made my way to her dorm, which was only a couple of buildings away. 

I knocked on the door, she answered almost instantly and quickly invited me in. 

Julia was dressed for bed and it was a somewhat provocative outfit; her ample bosom was popping out of her white, lace-trimmed night shirt. Her white sleep pants were baggy and not formfitting but I still had the image of her long, slender legs ingrained in my memory from all the different times I saw her in a skirt. 

We sat down on her couch as we began to chat. 

"So what did you want to talk to me about Wayne?" Julia asked. 

"Well, I just called to shoot the breeze because I was nervous about the test tomorrow," I started, "but didn't you say you wanted to get something off your chest?"

I immediately regretted my word choice, as my eyes involuntarily darted to her tits. Hoping she hadn't noticed, I re-established eye contact as she spoke. 

"Oh, right," said Julia in a somber tone, "my boyfriend broke up with me yesterday."

"Oh Julia that's terrible," I said with genuine remorse. 

"He was really nice about it," said Julia, "but it still hurt me a lot."

I put my arm around Julia's shoulder and she responded by putting a hand on my lap. 

"Everything's going to be fine Julia, don't be sad," I said trying to comfort her. 

"I can't help it," said Julia, "but I'm glad you called. I could really use a friend to talk with."

"I'm always here for you Julia," I said, "I can stay with you all night if you'd like."

"That would be great," said Julia, her face lighting up with delight. 

There was an awkward pause, and without thinking about it I leaned over and kissed her on the cheek. 

Julia looked at me, baffled momentarily. I thought I made a huge mistake in that instant. 

"Thank you," said Julia, then she kissed me on the forehead. 

"I really like you Julia," I said as I took my hand off her shoulder and began rubbing her thigh. 

"How much do you like me?" Julia asked. 

"Are we back in elementary school or something?" I chided. 

"No really, just tell me how you feel about me," said Julia. 

"Can I show you?" I said, sensing the moment. 

"By all means," Julia invited. 

I delicately pulled down the straps on Julia's nightgown, keeping her breasts covered. I kissed her multiple times on her neck and shoulders. 

"Oh wow I wasn't expecting this," said Julia in surprise. 

"If you didn't have a boyfriend I would've made my move a long time ago," I said. 

Julia put her hand around my head as I embraced her fully, one hand on her lower back and the other gradually making its way down toward her vagina. I continued to plant kisses on her upper body as I slipped my left hand into her panties and began to rub her clit. 

"Oh Wayne that feels amazing," Julia moaned as I pleasured her. 

I stopped momentarily as I felt her beginning to get wet for me. Then I put both of my hands around her face and kissed her on the mouth, tasting that lip gloss she always wore. Her lips were moist, soft, and cherry-flavored; it felt divine slipping my tongue inside her mouth. 

Julia reciprocated, and she was as good a kisser as she let on when she pecked me for the first time a few months ago. 

Now it was time for the big reveal. I took off her night shirt to unveil her wonderfully-developed breasts; they were just the right size, as I was able to cup them in my hands perfectly. 

Her nipples peaked with excitement, just begging to be licked and sucked on, so I did just that. 

"Oh wow, that feels so fucking good!" Julia cried as she crept closer to orgasmic bliss. 

"Strip for me," I whispered as I continued to enjoy my new favorite playthings. 

Julia nudged me off of her and took off her pants and underwear, revealing her tight, wet slit to me. She turned to face me while still on the couch and began to masturbate, gently massaging her clit in small circles.

I stripped out of my clothes feverishly as she brought herself to the brink of orgasm, my cock was hardening to the point where it ached for action, the sexual tension in the room reached its zenith. 

"I'm ready for you Wayne," Julia cooed to me. 

"Turn over," I commanded. 

Julia turned onto her stomach then stuck her ass in the air, practically begging to be penetrated. 

I adjusted myself on the couch then entered her tight, moist vagina. I found a steady rhythm fairly quickly as she implored me to pleasure her with loud, long moans of passion. 

I started spanking her and pulling her hair, trying to see just how much I could get away with, and Julia seemed to only get more excited and her shouts got louder as I had my way with her. 

"Oh Wayne I'm going to cum!" Julia cried out as I felt the muscles in her vagina clench tight around my cock. 

She let out a scream as she got off, then laughed with relief as she came down from her orgasmic high. 

"Now I'm going to make you cum," Julia said, "pull out of me."

I did as I was told and stood on the floor as Julia bent down on her knees and began to suck my cock. 

It didn't take long until I felt myself ready to burst. 

"Here it comes," I warned Julia. 

She closed her eyes and stroked my cock aggressively until I climaxed, my hot cum sprayed all over her face, dripping off her chin and onto her tits. 

"You were amazing Julia," I complimented her. 

"So were you Wayne, that was the best orgasm I ever had," said Julia. 

"Can I stay the night with you?" I asked, following Julia to the bathroom as she was cleaning herself up. 

"Yes," said Julia. 

"Can I tell you something?" I asked. 

"Go ahead," she replied. 

"I love you," I said. 

"I love you too Wayne," Julia said as she kissed me once more. 

Julia turned off the lights and we climbed into bed, holding each other tightly as we drifted off to sleep.

********************

The next morning I woke up with my cock as stiff as a board, pressed up against Julia's ass. I had one arm wrapped around her magnificent chest. Unable to contain myself, I started stimulating her breasts as she slumbered. 

Then I kissed her ear and that seemed to wake her up.

"Oh, hello Wayne," Julia said drowsily.

"Should I stop or should I keep going?" I asked her.

"Keep going, tiger," she said suggestively.

That was all the motivation I needed. I pulled her on top of me and kissed her aggressively on the lips and soon we began pressing our tongues against each other's. I loved the texture of her bumpy, saliva-covered tongue as it rubbed against mine.

Then we undressed each other as we rolled around on the bed, mixing in kiss after passionate kiss. We were drawn to each other like a magnet to steel. 

Once we were naked I made Julia lay down on her side as I entered her from behind. 

It was even better than last night; I was more relaxed and savored each thrust as the head of my cock breached her walls, bringing us closer and closer to orgasm. Julia's lustful moans filled my ears and I felt nothing but pure ecstasy as I fucked her slowly and sensually. 

When Julia was on the brink of cumming I got up and switched to missionary. 

"You fucking tease," Julia said jokingly. 

"I want to cum together," I said. 

Julia just smiled as I began pounding her pussy again. I could feel myself nearing an orgasm, and that's when Julia's muscles contracted, I knew she was on the cusp too. 

Our groaning became louder and louder until we climaxed at nearly the same instant. We stared at each other in astonishment, neither one of us able to comprehend just how incredible this felt. Our bodies melted into each other's in that moment. 

I collapsed onto the bed totally exhausted. Julia put her arm around me and pecked me on the cheek.

"Don't fall asleep, we have to go take the chemistry final in an hour," said Julia. 

"Oh shit, forgot about that," I said, "after the final can we come back and fuck again?"

"Shouldn't you at least buy me breakfast first?" Julia said with a smirk. 

I pretended to think my answer over before I laughed and replied, "how do you like your coffee?"