 And so . . . . . . 

This story follows on from "And then . . . . ", which features the first meeting of a highly sexual couple who live 5000 miles apart. Their respective partners are aware of the attraction, and have encouraged them to meet. 

The second chapter "And next" followed on from their first time together in Tucson, Arizona, and the shower afterwards to clean up, when Tom took great pleasure from Karly's full yet tight ass, and gave her pleasure aplenty in return before both fell deeply asleep. . . . . 

When I awoke who knew how many hours later, I found myself alone in your huge bed with the silky coverings light on my skin and your scent lingering on the pillow beside mine. I could recall quite vividly falling asleep with my tender penis lodged between your plump buttocks, my right arm under your neck as you lay in the 'bowl' of my spoon, with my right hand loosely fondling your left breast and my left hand softly caressing the soft, velvety skin of your hip and buttock. Now, though, those sensual touches were only memories, and I sat up in bed to try and work out where you may have gone and, just as importantly, what time it was! 

Sitting on a strange bed, in a strange house, in a strange country (well, all of them strange to me, at least!) has a way of heightening the senses somewhat, to the extent that after a few seconds I could hear footsteps in a slightly distant room, moving only a few steps at a time as if . . yeah, you were in the kitchen, most likely making something to eat or drink, which I suddenly realised couldn't be more need right now - I felt starving hungry, even though it was only - Jings! TEN hours since I'd fallen asleep? No wonder I was hungry and, I suddenly realised, rather needful of the en-suite toilet! 

Getting out of bed I found a light robe at the foot and pulled it on as I headed for the bathroom. Once I'd taken care of things there, including a (very) quick shower, I headed to 'my' bedroom to check my mobile phone for any missed calls or messages; I found a text message from Sue saying her aunt had passed away and she would phone later to speak to me. While I felt sad for Sue's loss, I acknowledged too my hope that she would be able to join me here and get to know you and Stuart - and hopefully, join in some of our games.

I went through towards the kitchen to find you had laid the dining table with various snacks and fruit, just right for 'grazing' on as we sat and talked. We spoke about how Sue might feel just now, though it seemed a joint wish that all was good and she would be here to join us very soon. I couldn't help but openly admire your voluptuous body as we spoke, clad as it was in an equally light, and hence revealing, robe as the one I was wearing! 

I must confess that the more I looked at you, the less I was actually listening to you telling me about some of the local attractions you thought I might like to see over the coming days. I was far more interested in the attractive sight in front of me, your sexy, curvy body barely contained by the silky material of the robe, plump, rubbery buttons topping the firm mounds at the front of the robe, a very suggestive, deep shadow evident at the crossover of the two sides of the robe and firm, sleek thighs emerging from the lower edges as you started to squirm slightly on the bench seat beside me. 

As I looked at and relished the beauty of your sexy self, I could feel my penis begin to stiffen beneath my robe, the glans nudging the hem of the robe aside as it swelled. The way I was reacting here anyone would think I was a teenager, rather than the mature man I actually was. I looked again into your eyes, only to find them glinting in amusement at my growing predicament which you had noticed despite, or perhaps because of, my attempts to hide it. Your description of a native American burial site drew to a premature close as you grinned at my discomfort, your left leg being closest to me brushing my right leg as you turned towards me, your lower leg now lying across the bench seat and the low part of your robe parting with your thighs to reveal what appeared to be a dark shadow at the junction of your muscular legs. 

And so . . . 

I couldn't help but look more closely then, to confirm that the 'shadow' was, in fact, the closely-trimmed brown pubic hair that adorned your gorgeously plump pudenda, the dark pink edges of your inner labia just visible in the centre of this vista. This caused my cock to rise to its full hardness, the head once again scraping against the edge of the material on the hem of the robe, even the soft smoothness of the silk resulting in a frisson of discomfort. When you reached out with your hand to lightly grasp my shaft in the curve of your fingers I couldn't help but utter a sharp intake of breath, almost a hiss, which had the unfortunate result of your hand jerking away from my penis as if it had been burnt; not what I wanted, or had intended, at all. I reached out and guided your hand back to its recently abandoned position, allowing your fingers to gently form around my shaft while your frown of concern changed to a smile of contentment and delight at the fullness of my cock. 

"Looks like you might be ready to go again, my sweet" you said, standing up from the seat and, hand now firmly wrapped round my stiffness, guided me round so I was sitting with my back to the table as you knelt to one side of me, your robe somehow having become unfastened and pulled to the sides to allow me an excellent view of your proud breasts, full and round orbs of delight topped by dark pink, thimble-sized nipples just begging to be sucked. But, it seemed, not quite yet!

"You know darlin', I really want to taste you properly," you said, pulling the cord of my robe so it fell away from my body, adding "I just hope you're not too sore to let me suck you, because I want to do for you what you did for me. And," you continued, "I do so want to taste your cum from the source; I know you taste good, I just want to prove it once and for all".

Well, who was I to argue with a lady? Especially a very sexy one who wanted to suck my cock? I allowed myself to be guided again by your hands, one holding on lightly to my erection while the other first discarded your own robe, then plucked mine from my body and threw it aside. I revelled again in the sight of your amazingly arousing, sexy body, my cock twitching in response and your finger tightening almost imperceptibly in answer. Keeping hold of my manhood you eased your body between my knees, your own legs bending until you were kneeling immediately in front of me, your arms supported by the length of my thighs and your hand still holding on to my cock as if you would never let it go. I was still speechless as you looked up at me, a huge smile covering your face as you said,

"Just relax there sweetie, while I make you feel good", your head lowering towards my core as I felt your rock-hard nipples pressing against the top of my thighs, your fingers guiding the tip of my cock towards your ruby-red lips. 

I watched as your lip opened and the tip of your tongue emerged to tentatively lick the sensitive, tiny eye in the head of my penis, probing gently before slipping down slightly and slowly circling the edge of my glans. Once, twice and then a third time your soft, slick tongue teased my cock-head while your fingers were still wrapped loosely around the shaft, the large clear globule of pre-cum then appearing from my slit immediately swept up by your swirling tongue, a quiet moan of delight emanating from your throat as you savoured the taste and slickness of my emission in your mouth. Now your digits tightened slightly on my shaft, sliding up the length until the circle of your thumb and forefinger stuck behind the mushroom head of my cock as your lips opened further and slid down to encompass my knob as they met the flesh of your fingers.

As if that wasn't erotic enough I felt your fingers slide down my shaft to allow your tongue easier access to my glans again, the light, teasing sensations caused by your flickering movements almost bringing me to the edge within seconds! Luckily some second sense or a noise I made alerted you to the fact and you reverted to merely applying some suction to my poor cock head, moving slightly up and down the shaft while your fingers kept perfect time. 

After another minute or two of this (to be honest, I had already lost all track of time!) your arms pressed against my inner thighs to widen the gap between my legs, and your hand dropped from my shaft to cup my heavy balls in your hand, loosely curving your hand around the thinly skinned sac. This, of course, meant that the lower five or six inches of my thick penis was now bereft of any contact from you, your lips snugly fixed round the shaft just behind the head, light suction still the order of the moment. You looked up at me right at that moment, your eyes shining with excitement and lust, my own reciprocating those feelings and then some.

Somehow managing to smile around the thickness between your lips, your fingers tightened around my balls; not to the point of pain, or even discomfort, but I certainly knew they were there! Tugging downwards, oh so gently, I watched avidly as you lifted your head and let your lips slip off me, an audible popping sound confirmation that my cock was now freely throbbing in the warm air of your kitchen, though still feeling a little cold where your hot mouth had been only second before. 

And so . . . 

"My, but you taste good hon" you murmured, your head now lowering again until your tongue reached out and probed the smooth skin at the very base of my cock, right above where your dextrous fingers were still curved seductively round my balls, before slowly, tenderly licking up the full length of my cock until once again you reached the flare of the head; a single flick over the slit and you licked down the other side, repeating the motions time and again until you abandoned licking me altogether until, on the last award stroke, you covered the head of my cock fully with your lips and slid your mouth all the way down my length until the tip of my cock bumped against the back of your throat, almost causing you to gag; almost, but not quite. 

I was really very impressed with this turn of events as only Sue, who I'd been with some 14 years now, had ever managed to take me all the way to the base, and then only after a lot of practicing! Your lips stayed locked firmly round my shaft as you drew back again, your tongue swirling slowly round the thick rod in your mouth, saliva mixing with my copious pre-cum to create a heavenly, slick lubrication for what quickly became an oral fuck-fest right there in your kitchen. 

Suddenly the suction on my cock disappeared, as did the soft firmness of your lips; I opened eyes that had closed to more thoroughly enjoy the sensation to witness your free hand, the one not still holding my testes, grasp my shaft and exert a pulling motion on me, edging my buttocks off the edge of the padded bench until I was half sitting, half lying on the seat, my shoulders against the table top and my knees bent at right-angles to keep me from falling onto the floor. As I got comfortable in this new position your mouth returned to its previous place, with your free hand and arm now lying lightly across my belly just above my pubis and the two first fingers of your right hand now moving up towards my perineum and the ultra-soft skin where my sac joined it. 

As I wondered whether or not you were about to carry out a favourite scenario of mine, you answered by lifting your mouth off me again and allowing your right hand to rise to the head of my cock, those same two fingers liberally coated now with our mingled juices before returning to cup my balls. This time though, your middle finger found my tight pucker buried between my ass cheeks and the tip immediately eased inside up to the first knuckle, causing a loud groan of delight to be emitted from my lips. I could feel too the vibration of your own moans against the tender shaft of my cock, still enveloped by your mouth, my own moans redoubling as you continued to press your finger deeper into my ass, pulling out only to add the forefinger to the width and make me feel so incredibly full back there that I could barely stand the exquisitely sensual sensations coursing through my body. 

I could feel you sucking me harder now, and was expecting it when you lifted your mouth from me again to spit some more juices over your fingers to ease their passage. 

"Oh, fuck sweetie" I gasped, "I never realised just how good you are at this. Please, PLEASE don't stop." 

A somewhat stupid thought to have really, given how much I knew you loved anal play, penetration and all that goes with it, and that deep down I knew you had no intention of stopping until my balls were completely drained!

Both fingers were now completely buried in my tight arsehole, although the position I was in did not really allow you to finger-fuck me as you may have wished. It mattered little though, as wiggling those experienced digits slightly inside me managed to find the bump of my prostate, which had been your goal from the start. Pressing on it gently, stroking oh-so slowly as your mouth redoubled its suctioning efforts on my cock, I could feel the tightening of my balls and that "clenching" feeling guys get just before they are ready to cum.

You could feel it too, obviously, and your left arm suddenly vanished from lying across my belly and disappeared between your thighs, the quivering movements of your arm plus what I could see of the firm mounds of your breasts between my legs indicating you had decided to bring yourself off at the same time - something I would love to have done for you, but was off the menu right now due to our relative positions. 

My cock was now straining for release, the glans so, so sensitive it was almost painful, then, with one last full-length inhalation of my whole shaft into your throat, one final probe against my prostate, I erupted into your mouth, spurting thick ropes of ejaculate between your lips, your throat gulping it down like it was your first drink for days. After three or four strong spasms I could feel that my ejaculation was dying away, allowing me to fully appreciate that your left hand was pounding into your cunt now, fingers delving deep and, as you told me later, the base of your thumb mashed against your swollen clitoris until you too began to cum, your juices squirting out past your fingers to soak into the rug strategically placed on the floor. 

I watched in delight as your mouth allowed my slowly softening penis to slip form your lips, a couple of small beads of my sperm hanging from the corners of your mouth. You head angled back as your orgasm continued to rip through you, mouth opening to show that you hadn't yet swallowed all my cum; a pretty large amount seemed to be coating your tongue still, but then your lips closed highly together as your whole body shuddered and I could see your throat moving as you swallowed down the last of my juices. 

As the effects of your orgasm slowly faded, your bottom relaxed on to your feet as you relaxed from the tension of holding yourself up high enough to reach my groin while knelt on the floor between my widely spread legs. Likewise your fingers slipped from my still-squeezing anus, leaving a distinct feeling of emptiness inside me that I was already keen could be remedied, and the sooner the better as far as I was concerned right then! Now, too, I could feel the firmness of your wonderfully be-nippled tits against the inside of my thighs, the gentle pressure of my legs creating the most amazing, deep cleavage which, almost magically, seemed to cause a twitch from my utterly spent and ultra-sensitive penis. It barely seems believable to me that it could possibly react in such a way right at this moment, but I guess that was simply an indication of just how fucking sexy you were - and are - to me. 

And so . . . 

As sexy as we may be to each other, a few minutes reality in the form of painful shoulders on my part, and cramped legs on yours, heralded a need for us to get up and straighten some of the kinks out of our bodies. I helped you clear away the remains of the food we'd eaten earlier, both of us still nude, and managed to refrain from touching you in a sexual way throughout our activity. When we had finished, you suggested that I might like to take a shower.

"Well, yes I would" I replied, "but I'd really like it if you shared the stall with me again".

"Of course I will honey" you answered, a surprised look on your face as you did so. "Why would you think anything else?"

"I don't really know why I said that" I said, "other than I just wanted to make sure . . . . "

"Oh baby, you don't get rid of me that easily you know!" you answered me, laughing. "While you're in my house, you will NOT be showering alone if I can help it - or sleeping alone, eating alone . . you get the picture?"

I laughed back as I said "That sounds really good to me sweetie," reaching out to pull you into my embrace, "I just don't want to spoil anything by simply 'assuming' anything, you know?"

"Oh, you won't hon," you giggled as I cupped your round buttocks in my hands, pulling you tight against me to feel your rock-hard nipples mashed into my chest by the large, soft mounds of your tits, "especially if you keep doing things like this!"

I leaned slightly forward to land my lips square on yours, the immediate response being a wide-opened mouth and a probing, wet tongue entering my own mouth as we kissed passionately. Your arms rose to encircle my neck at the same time as you ground your pubic mound against my semi-hard cock, the slight difference in our heights meaning that your closely-trimmed bush scraped my, by now, extremely sensitive glans. 

Although I didn't think I'd indicated in any way the level of discomfort I was feeling right then, I guess I must have done in some way, as you indulged in a few seconds more of deep kissing before easing back and away from me, one hand taking mine from your ass cheek to lead me towards the main bathroom. 

I hadn't actually walked behind naked you before, and it proved a very alluring sight indeed. Being a very curvy lady your full, round buttocks possessed an extremely provocative jiggle as you walked, a slight dimple appearing and disappearing above each cheek as you moved, the wonderfully coloured swirls and curlicues of your tattooed lower back adding a superb counterpoint to your otherwise creamy skin. Then, the fact you were half-turned towards me as we walked meant I could also see your right boob swaying slightly from side to side and up & down as we strode towards the bathroom, the firm nipple puckering the soft flesh, tempting me so much to kneel down in front of you and take it deeply into my mouth. 

And so . . . 

Finally, we reached the bathroom, where you let go my hand to turn on the shower and retrieve soaps, gels and shampoos from their hideaways. Stepping into the stall you turned to face me, holding out your hands to grasp mine and lead me in beside you. Wordlessly, you spun me round so I was sprayed all over by the warm water, lifting the bottle of shower gel and squirting it over my body. Swiftly, yet softly, your hands roamed all over my upper body creating a cascade of suds, shoulders, chest, arms, all subjected to your ministering hands, before you squeezed more into the palm of one hand and knelt in front of me to soap my groin, butt and legs. 

Knowing how tender I still was, you spent only enough time on my still semi-hard penis to ensure it was nice and clean, for which I was rather grateful. Even so, and despite my best efforts, my cock had once again attained a near-full hardness by the time you were finally satisfied I was completely free of soap. 
