 It was cold - so cold! As we held hands and headed out to the woods. I had come for a weekend visit, not really sure if I should or not. I met you online and was attracted immediately, but we were just friends. We chatted for hours even though you never really said much - I laughingly called you a man of few words, and you made me laugh - that was the key! I could always count on you for a laugh. So when you invited me to visit I thought it would be a great weekend. Now I felt different - there was a different aura about you though I couldn't quite put my finger on it. 

We followed an old deer trail and the scenery was so astounding it took my mind off things... we were on the side of a mountain in about 2 feet of snow looking over the valley all covered in white. It was like a picture - smoke rising from a few cabins scattered here and there, ice coating the trees and the sun shining on them making them look like glass sparkling in the sun. It was like a magical place and it took my breath! I looked up at you to find you smiling at me and without words you knew I was very happy at that moment. 

I rose and kissed your cheek - my breath billowing out like a cloud of smoke. You looked into my eyes and grabbed my hands and we went on - further into the woods until we came to a little clearing. It was silent as the night in here - the trees blocking the wind, the snow untouched. Pristine chapel was what came into my mind. Leaning back on a felled tree you took me in your arms and kissed me long and hard. It was unexpected - I hadn't seen this behavior from you - hadn't known you felt this way. I kissed you back - snuggling inside your warm jacket and suddenly felt your cold hands sliding around my waist, tugging my shirt out of my pants, and your icy touch moving up to cup my breasts. It made me gasp you were so cold, and you leaned and kissed me again while your fingers twisted and caressed my nipples. Part of me wanted to push you away - this was impossible - but your kiss wouldn't end and it was making me dizzy and I was having trouble breathing so I tried to relax and let your touch warm me. 

Before I knew what was happening your hands were tugging at my zipper and I felt you sliding my pants down. "No", I said, "Baby - it's way too cold out here" but you just smiled and continued ‘til I was naked from my waist to my knees. God! It was unbelievably cold! I tried to move away but your arm suddenly felt like iron around me and I couldn't move as your hand explored me, running over my ass and around and under and between my legs. Your finger traced my pussy - I hadn't realized how big your hands and fingers were, and I could feel the warmth beginning there though not anywhere else and I began to shake - whether from the cold or your touch I didn't know. As your finger entered in and out of me I became afraid and I tried to pull away from you. 

Suddenly I felt a slap on my ass... stinging bad in the cold and in shock I looked at you. There was a look in your eyes I had never seen, and I stopped struggling and you smiled a beautiful smile at me and bent and kissed me some more as your fingers continued their search. My body began rocking on your fingers of it's own accord and though I really was shaking from the cold I clung to you - not knowing what I wanted. 

You kissed my neck hard and as I flung my head back and moaned deep in my throat you unzipped your own pants. We were standing - you leaning against the tree and I couldn't imagine how we were gonna do this when you straightened and pulled me around - bent me over the tree. "Oh my god!" I thought, as I realized I was bent so far all of me was exposed to you and open to the cold! You used your leg to spread me out and using both hands began to explore me some more. I made a move to get up and you spanked me - hard! I had never seen this side of you and I was becoming frightened, and when I started to speak you spanked me again. Your hands were doing impossible things to me - spreading my cheeks, one finger deep in my pussy with one on my clit and the other fingers exploring my ass... kneading the cheeks and spanking again, making them burn and your finger probing gently at my hole. I was helpless and though I was frightened I couldn't help but respond! 

I felt the juices running out of me and my thighs began to shake as you continued to tease me - never saying a word. Suddenly I felt your cock against my ass and realized I'd never wanted anything more in my life. I started to cry out when you spanked me again and I bit my lip, as you plunged into my pussy... no gentleness - just pure animal sex - pounding at me and driving me half out of my mind. Your hands on my hips you pushed and pulled together - going deeper than I thought possible and I started cumming immediately, juice coating you and dripping out of me. You never spoke but your breathing came harder and faster and you went deeper and longer than before and I arched my back and did cry out this time, unmindful of you - knowing only that my body was craving a release I had never known! Your boots moved in the snow and your hands grabbed me tighter, bruising my freezing flesh and you exploded into me - more and more, thrust after thrust 'til I thought I would break, and when you were through you fell across my back, crushing the breath out of me as you panted. 

I waited, and slowly you rose - taking a handkerchief out of your pocket and wiping my pussy so gently, and pulling my pants up for me and turning me and kissing me more gently and with more passion than I had ever felt. I tucked my shirt in and closed my pants as you did the same. You reached and out of your pack you pulled a big blanket and wrapped it around both of us and opening a thermos of burning hot coffee - laced with brandy poured some in the cup and offered me a drink first, and then took one yourself. 

We sat in silence - neither knowing what to say or how to say it. I began to feel warm again and I looked at you - you pulled me into your arms and all suddenly was well. Whispering, "I'm glad I came!" you smiled and said, "I am, too!"