 It was summer break after my freshman year of college. I was the typical American nineteen year old male at the time; young, dumb and full of cum. I spent most of the summer working or partying with friends. 

My best friend Mark and I hung out just about every day. Mark was the better looking guy by a long shot. He had no problem picking up girls and he was a player. I was just the average looking guy but I had the gift of gab. Mark would sometimes pick up multiple girls at the same time. He had no issues introducing them to me if his plate was full. Since Mark knew that I had a "thing" for BBWs, he was happy to assist me anyway that he could.

Mark began hanging with an old gal-pal of his named Kristen. They had been friends for a couple of years. Kristen had always told me many times about how bad she wanted to have sex with Mark. It was no secret with the way she flirted and was all over him whenever they hung out.

One night we were all hanging out at her place. She had a friend over named Andrea. We all sat around having drinks and just shooting the shit. Andrea was from a small town in Arkansas but was living in the area while she attended college. Kristen and her worked together at a restaurant and they became friends. Andrea had light brown hair and had a pretty face. She was also on the thick side. One thing of course I noticed about her was her really huge breasts which she did a good job of concealing in the over-sized t-shirt she was wearing that night.

After a few drinks, we started to all feel comfortable around each other and the conversation stirred toward... you guessed it, sexual stuff. Kristen and Mark began to flirt with one another as Andrea and I talked with each other. Andrea told me about her small town upbringing and such. 

As we were speaking at the kitchen table, Kristen and Mark snuck out to another room. During this conversation, sexual experience was brought up. Andrea told me that she had only had sex with two guys in her life. She also brought up the fact that her boobs developed as a freshman in high school and that they were very large and that she was very self conscious about them. She said she would wear loose fitting clothes because she was tired of all the "staring" from men and women alike. I told her that women were "just jealous" of her size and men are just men. She laughed about it. 

"Let's go check on Kristen and Mark" she said. We quietly walked into the living room and saw Mark and Kristen on the couch making out. They were aggressively kissing and Mark had had left hand under Kristen's shirt. Kristen broke their kiss when she saw us peeking. They both got up and were blushing and flustered. We all started laughing and returned to the kitchen area.

We talked for a little while longer before Mark and I left for the night. We said our goodbyes. Andrea gave me a hug. I could feel those huge breasts pushing into my chest and she seemed rub them into me on purpose. We all agreed to hang out in a few days.

Three days later, Mark and I headed back over to Kristen's place to hang out and have drinks. We arrived and went inside. Kristen met us and gave us both hugs and kisses on the cheek. We could tell she had a few drinks beforehand. We followed her into the kitchen area and she began to make us some mixed drinks. While she made drinks, Andrea walked into the kitchen.

"Hey there" said Andrea in a really excited voice. She came over and gave me a big hug, pushing those huge breasts into my chest. Mark could see the big smile in my face and nodded his head in acknowledgement. One thing I did notice was that Andrea was not wearing loose fitting clothing this evening. She was wearing a black colored blouse that was tighter and accentuated her large bust line and a tighter fitting pair of jeans that seems to hug her ass.

Andrea seemed a little bit buzzed as she walked over to Kristen and helped her make some drinks. Mark and I walked into the living room. He smirked at me and said "This is going to be a good night" as he sat down in a recliner chair. I sat down at the couch.

Andrea and Kristen walked in with two drinks in their hands. Kristen walked over to Mark and hand him one as Andrea walked over toward me. She handed me a drink and we clinked glasses and said "cheers." Andrea took a couple of sips and said "Kristen made these really strong." 

"Damn right," Kristen stated. "I hope we don't get so drunk that these guys take advantage of us" she added. The girls both laughed as Mark and I looked at each other with shit eating grins. We sipped out drinks as well.

"Oh, I'll get us coasters" said Andrea as she walked over toward the coffee table in front of me. She bent down to open a drawer while facing me. Oh my God, the valley of cleavage that I was viewing was enough make my hormones rage like a bunch of hornets in a shaken nest I had to keep my tongue in my mouth as she dug through the drawer as I imagined out how much stress that bra was under. 

Kristen walked over to the table where Andrea was. She looked at me and said "Enjoying the view over here" as she pointed at Andrea's dangling knockers. Andrea looked up and smiled at me as she blushed a little. "I love staring at these things too" said Kristen as she quickly groped Andrea's boobs through the blouse and pushed them together. 

Andrea laughed and said "you're just jealous." 

My response to Kristen's question was "yes, who wouldn't enjoy it." 

We all laughed. Andrea blushed a little more and stood up while adjusting her blouse.

The ladies continued to drink while Mark and I slowly sipped away at ours. Andrea sat down next to me on the couch while Kristen sat on Mark's lap. And then the fun really began.

"Hey, I know what would be fun" said Kristen. "Let's play truth or dare." We all agreed that this would be a fun idea. After a few rounds of truths and simple dares, things got interesting. It was Kristen's turn and she picked a dare. 

Andrea called out "I dare you to make out with Mark for a minute." There was no hesitation. They went at it on the recliner like a couple of teenagers at a drive-in movie. Then it was my turn. I chose a dare.

Kristen and Mark were discussing it and finally Kristen blurted out to me "I dare you to go under Andrea's shirt and feel her tits." I was initially taken back and excited at the same time. 

Andrea giggled and then looked at me. Without delay, she turned her body toward me on the couch and said "go ahead." Without speaking, I simply shrugged my shoulders as to say "okay" and placed my hands on her waist. I slowly slid them under the tight fitting blouse and began to inch my way up. It didn't take very long before my hands arrived at her bra clasped breasts. I cupped those enormous boobs over the bra and slowly moved up as much as I could because, my God, they were humongous! 

Andrea smiled at me and said "they are pretty big aren't they." 

I nodded and replied "oh yeah." I looked over at Mark and was given that "hell yeah" look.

Kristen stated "you're welcome." We all laughed and I slid my hands out of her blouse. 

Kristen stood up and asked if anyone wanted another drink. I said I was fine but Andrea asked for another round. Kristen said she was headed to the kitchen to mix a couple. 

Mark said "I'll help you get them," as he stood up and followed her into the kitchen. I knew what they were up to because Mark looked over at me and had a shit eating grin on his face.

Apparently, Andrea knew what they were going to do as well because she blurted out "they're gonna be awhile." 

I looked at her with this confused look and said "huh," as if I had no idea what she was talking about. 

"I know Kristen wants to fuck him so bad!" she said. 

I just chuckled and said "yeah they're going to be awhile." 

"So you want me to go get you a drink?" I asked. 

"No, I just want to chill and watch a movie" she replied. I was dumbfounded for a moment because I was thinking my nice gesture would have gotten her excited. Little did I know what was about to happen.

Andrea stood up grabbed the remote control off the coffee table and walked back over. She sat down turned on the TV and flipped on HBO. Then out of nowhere, she said to me "You're still thinking about them, aren't you?" 

I was thrown off guard and replied in a nervous teenage guys voice "what," even though I knew damn well what she was talking about. 

"My boobs, you moron," she replied. 

I responded "oh yeah" as if I was stupid but she wasn't buying it.

"You know, between you and Kristen tonight" she added, "that's two people who have groped my boobs without so much as kissing me." She had this flirty smile and said "that's rude you know."

I looked at her and said "I am so sorry, that was rude of us." I leaned into her and said "well, one of us can make that up to you." 

She giggled and asked "which one."

I didn't even respond with an answer. i just leaned forward and began to kiss her soft lips. There was no resistance from her or hesitation. She began to kiss me back. I slid my tongue and parted her lips. She responded and we began to tongue wrestle for a few moments. She wrapped her arms around me and thrust her body into mine. I could feel those massive mammaries pushing against my chest.

I slid my hands to her waist, then slowly under the back of her blouse. I began to run my fingers up and down the soft skin on her back. She began to moan a little in my mouth while we continued out deep make out session. I slid my hands down to her waist and grabbed the bottom of her blouse. I began to slowly roll up her blouse exposing her skin. There was no resistance. I slowly inched up her blouse more. This time, she broke our kiss and smiled at me. She raised her arms up and I took the hint with no hesitation!!

I slid her blouse up and slowly pulled it over her bra clasped boobs. I wanted to enjoy every moment. It was like the curtain opening at a rock concert where a band that you've been dying to see is about to play their first song. I finally got the blouse over her head and marveled at the biggest beautiful rack of tits enclosed in a bra, were right in my face. 

I kissed her abdomen, below the bra with a series of pepper kisses. Moving up little by little to the bottom of her bra. "Mmmmm" Andrea moaned. I skipped up to where her valley cleavage began and kissed her up and down again. Andrea let out a sigh and arched her back, pushing those huge boobs into my chin. I kissed up her chest to her neck, then back down to her cleavage. I couldn't hold out any longer!

I moved my hands to her lower back. I slowly slid my fingers up her soft skin. I ran them up over the back of her bra up to her shoulders and back down. After a couple of times, I stopped at her bra hooks. I began to undo her bra, one set of hooks at a time. I felt the straps snap into my hands as the last set was unhooked. I ran my hands up towards the shoulders and grabbed the straps. She lowered her arms and allowed me to finish removing it. As I pulled the cups off her boobs popped out. I stared at them for a moment. They were so massive! They drooped a bit, but what do you expect, they were huge natural boobs! She didn't have the largest nipples or areolas. They were pink in color. But I didn't care. I tossed her bra across the room and placed both hands on her waist.

I slid my hands around the lower part and pushed them upward. I looked her in the eye and smiled at her, as I told her "these are wonderful." She smiled and giggled a little. Then I went to town!

I licked up her torso to those beautiful globes. Kissed her right between them. I sucked on her right nipple, then moved over to her left, rotating back and forth. I began to lick a figure 8 around her huge rack, circling around each nipple. This made her moan with pleasure. I picked up each breast and licked in the area underneath. 

"Ohhhhh" she exclaimed, "no one's ever done that before, mmmmmm," she added. I continued as she moaned even more. I also banked this in my memory for the future. I stayed busy in the boob region for awhile because I was your typical "boob man," plus they were so huge that I had a lot of love to give them. 

We finally shifted positions and were next to each other. We continued to make out. She broke out kiss to pull my shirt off. She began to kiss me again and then kiss down my neck and chest. I slid my right hand around her body and grabbed ahold of her right boob. 

She made her way back up to my mouth and jammed her tongue back into it. I slid my hands down to her waist. I began to unbutton the fly on her jeans and slowly slid my left hand down her pants. She adjusted her body to accommodate me. I slid my hand in her panties down to her opening. She moaned as I slid my fingers inside her. Her pussy was so moist and I began to rub her and slide my fingers in and out. She threw head back and grabbed my right hand and placed it on her boob. I took the hint. I continued to squeeze that boob while I fingered that clit. She slid her left hand down the front of my pants and started to rub on my cock. She continued to get wetter and wetter as I sped up my fingers and rubbed a circle on her clit. Then i whispered to her "I want taste you down there."

She was so turned on that she didn't think twice about tearing her pants down. She wiggled her panties off and sat down on the couch. I stood up then got down to my knees. I pushed her back and kissed down her body, licking a trail down to her waistline. I hoisted those thick legs of hers and put them over my shoulders. I didn't even tease around her opening, I went straight for it!! I licked away at that moist pussy. I rotated putting my fingers in and tickling that clit, following it with some tongue. Her juices got thicker and began to flow onto my face dripping down to my chin. I continued to lick away and tongue fuck her as she moaned with pleasure. After awhile, I knew she was ready.

I stopped licking that pussy, and tore my pants and briefs off in one motion. My dick sprung up like a jack in the box toy. Andrea got into a position at the edge of the couch. I took my cock and slid it in that moist pussy. It went in like butter. 

"MMMMM" Andrea moaned. I started off slow motion then I sped it up. Those big tits of hers began to rock back and forth as I began to jack hammer her. I grabbed a hold of those big globes and pushed them together. I leaned forward and rotated sucking on those nipples. I was so worked up from everything and felt like I was about to cum. 

"You want to get on top?" I asked her. 

Andrea replied "mm-hmm" in a sexy moan. I pulled my dick out and helped her to her feet. I sat back down on the couch. Andrea climbed on top of me, grabbed a hold of my hard cock and slid it back into her opening. My cock seemed to penetrate her deeper in this position. 

Andrea rode my dick like a mechanical bull. I grabbed those big boobs from the bottom and pushed them upwards. I began to suck on her nipples and lick around again. "Bite them" she exclaimed. I nibbled away at each nipple, engulfing them and slowly sinking my teeth into them. She rolled her eyes back and began to ride harder. She rocked back and forth, side to side. I noticed her pussy opening up for my dick as it got harder. "Oh yeah, you're gonna make me cum" she said between breaths. I grabbed her boobs harder and sucked on them. I sucked her left boob so hard that I ended up leaving a hickey on it. 

She arched her back, pushed her tits into my face and yelled "Oh yeah, I'm cumming!" Andrea's body began to quiver as I could feel her pussy juices pouring out as they dripped down off my nut sack. She continued to ride me and lowered her head to mine and started kissing me passionately. Finally she stopped and climbed off. My dick slid out and was coated in her juices. 

"Your turn" she said with a smile. She laid down on her back on the couch and I climbed on top of her. Once again my cock slid inside her like butter. I began to thrust away. I could feel my cock becoming fully erect again inside her. My mushroom tip swelled up as a watched those big beautiful tits rock back and forth. I leaned into her right side boob, licked up on her flesh, before taking her nipple in my mouth. I began to thrust harder as she began to moan. I could feel my fluids building up inside my massive member. 

"Oh Andrea" I exclaimed. "I'm gonna cum baby, where do you want it." She didn't even a word. She reached down and grabbed my dick, pulling it out of her moist pussy. She gently pushed me off her, and slid down off the couch onto her knees. She let go of my dick and grabbed those big boobs and pushed them toward my hard dick . She let go of her left boob and grabbed my dick again, shoving it between her cleavage. She wrapped both boobs around my dick and began to slide back and forth. I quickly returned thrusts, I was so turned on and couldn't hold out any more. It was like a cork popping off a shaken champagne bottle when I finally shot my load. I felt my cum spurting out with my heartbeats, one after another as my entire dick got swallowed up by her melons. When I finally finished cumming, I looked down and saw my white stream of baby batter oozing down to her belly. She briefly massaged my dick with her boobs before letting it flop out. She stood up and kissed me.

"That was wonderful," Andrea said with a huge smile. "I need to go clean up after this one," she added. She walked into the kitchen and found some paper towels. I walked in there and assisted her in cleaning my load off. After all, it was the gentleman thing to do, plus I had an excuse to touch those huge knockers again.

We both walked back into the living room and began to get dressed. As we were gathering up our clothes, we both had a good laugh because her bra was hanging perfectly in front of the fireplace from a small decoration on the mantle. 

"I don't think I could have done that if I tried," I said laughing.

We got out clothes on and embraced one another for a moment. "What happened to Kristen and Mark?" she asked. 

"I have no idea," I replied. 

We eventually located them asleep in Kristen's bedroom. Andrea laughed, as she pointed to the clothes which were scattered on the floor in the room. 

"Looks like we weren't the only one's having a hell of a time tonight," she said.

Andrea eventually moved back to Arkansas after the fall semester to do her internship. I did hook up with her two more times over the next couple of months, but nothing compared to that first time. In fact, that was the biggest set of big natural boobs I had ever seen and touched. That is, until I met Rose. But that's a whole 'nother story. 

Stay tuned!!