 Andrina sat in one of the corner booths of the hotel bar, her hand cupped around a glass of vodka and Diet Coke. Even though she'd promised herself she wouldn't, her eyes flitted back and forth between the cringe-worthy efforts of her ex-colleagues trying to prove their outrageousness on the dance floor, and the never changing display on her watch. 

9:23 PM. 

By her reckoning it would be at least another two and a half hours before she could sneak off to bed, and be done with the weekend as a whole. 

She hoped her liver would survive it. 

"Come on, Andrina, let's go, you aren't getting off that easy," one of the women shouted, while gulping down the remnants of her own drink. 

Andrina used every bit of will power she possessed to swallow the sigh back into her throat. 

A second later she was pulled up by the arm, and trailed back into the full blare of the monotonous music. She tried to smile, but it twitched between her stiffened jaws. 

"You OK?" 

Andrina looked around to see the youngest of the group, some cousin of the "lucky" bride to be or something, in her late 20s, frowning at her. 

"Yeah, 'course I am," Andrina said. 

"You look a bit run down." The girl did something with her eyes. It was too quick to see, but something was off, intentional or otherwise." 

Andrina blinked a few times, and stared at her again. 

"Maybe you should go up and have a lie down or something?" 

It happened again. A split second wink? Perhaps. 

"I think you might be right. I must have eaten too much. Or maybe the drink." 

Andrina was off, and making her way up the stairs before the girl could finish her reply. She hadn't eaten anything the whole day, and at most she'd made her way through three drinks. Her stomach felt fine, apart from the solid lump of regret in the pit of it, for having ever turned up at the place. 

And that was that. 

A minute or so later she stood outside her hotel room, fumbling for her pass key. In the back of her mind she considered what music to listen to on her phone, once inside, and snuggled deep under the duvet. 

"Excuse me." 

The words snapped her out of her thoughts. 

She swivelled around a little too fast, and almost lost an ankle in the process. Heels really weren't her thing. 

A strong arm shot out just in time to stop her from taking a tumble. She rolled her eyes and caught her breath. "Sorry." 

"No problem," he said. His smile turned into a chuckle. 

She could feel her cheeks burn. Her eyes shot down. Or at least they started to. 

She stepped back. 

This stranger, who'd come out of nowhere, was standing in the hallway between the rooms in just a towel. His hair was soaking wet, and stuck to his head. 

What the hell?

"I was in the shower. The water cut off." He was trying his best to make light of it, but stuttering his way through some of the words. "Came out to have a quick look for a member of staff, then the door closed behind me. Not my night." 

Andrina took her turn to laugh. The three drinks gave her a little bit of an advantage. Just a touch of boldness. Certainly enough for her to flirt with the moment. 

"I'd invite you into my room to call for someone, but I'm sure tongues would wag." 

"I never wag my tongue on a first date." He laughed back. 

Andrina turned her back to him, her face burning blazing hotter than ever. She opened the door to her room and, still chuckling, motioned him in behind her. 

"Thanks," he said, glancing around with just a little awkwardness. 

Andrina threw her bag down on the bed, and kicked off her shoes before they could do her an injury. She caught a glimpse of something moving in her peripheral. Picked it out. And almost swallowed her own tongue. 

The hefty bulge in the front of his towel was still bouncing, while he stood still. 

She raised her head to see him following her movements. 

Well and truly busted. 

There was nothing she could say. Her lips twitched as she tried to think of something. Anything. But the well was empty. 

He shook his head. Smiled. 

Andrina closed her eyes for just a second. Forced a breath. 

When she opened them again she lingered on his grin. And the glint in his eyes. 

For some unknown reason, she glanced back down to the front of his towel. 

Her gasp broke the silence. 

He let out a tight, uncontrolled moan. 

The bulge was bigger. A fair bit bigger. Defined, and jutting out to the left of his body. Most enticing of all, only part of it was pressed against his body, the rest doing its best to push straight out in front of him. Tenting the material of his towel. 

She couldn't take her eyes off it. 

And then it happened. 

With a twitch and a pounce, the towelling reached its limit, and the part which had been pressed against his shaft rolled to let it push out further. This time with the material taught around the prodding head. 

Andrina stood there with her mouth open. And her own loins tingling. 

She looked up at him. Plucked what she needed from his approving smile. 

Without a word, she dropped to her knees, and pushed her face against his restrained erection. The powerful rigidity she felt against her cheek made her want it all the more. 

A low, needful growl rumbled free of her lips. 

She turned her head. 

Sighed aloud as the rock hard bulge moved across her mouth, and found its resting place against her other cheek. 

Christ, she wanted it. 

When his fingers found the top of her head, and wove themselves into her hair, she found something within herself she'd forgotten existed. 

She pulled at the front of the towel. Yanked it open. And clamped her mouth around his engorged beast of a cock, before she could change her mind. 

It nudged deeper. She allowed it to. In fact, she helped by sucking harder. With the towel on its way to the floor, she used a free hand to squeeze and knead his shaven balls. 

His moans became grunts. He snaked his hips. 

Andrina took as much as much of the thick meat as she could. Stretched herself around it until she couldn't breathe. Paused long enough to get some air, and started all over again. Her mouth was soaking in her own saliva, and some of it was dangling off her chin, and dripping into her cleavage. 

She was so lost in the moment. So given to it. So alive. 

Strong arms clutched her. Pulled her to her feet. 

She found herself sitting on the side of the bed. And the cock found its way into her mouth again. 

She sucked on it. Slurped, almost gagged. Her hands reached around and pulled and prodded at his taut arse. 

He stepped back. His cock just inches away from her mouth. Teasing her. With just one more drink in her, she might have chased it like a child bobbing for apples over Halloween. 

The stranger's position changed. The muscles in his thighs stiffened as he squatted. 

Andrina reached up to wipe at her mouth with the back of her hand, but he stopped her. He pushed her hands to her sides. 

Without hesitation, he pawed at the front of her dress. Pulled it down with such force that he almost ripped the fabric. 

Her tits were exposed. The nipples sore with arousal. 

He groped at them. Pinched the hardened buds. Squeezed them together, and pulled them apart. All of which made Andrina groan with renewed desire. 

His cock came toward her with fervour. Nestled between her tits, and found its rhythm. 

Andrina used both arms to cinch herself tighter around his shaft. Flicked her tongue, missed a few times, then timed it perfectly and licked the excited tip of his cock as it peeked out from her ample cleavage. 

They both laughed. 

He let go of her. 

Andrina tried her best to hold on, but he moved around her. Pushed her further onto the bed, and was on her before she could say a word against it. 

Not that she would have. 

Not in a million lifetimes. 

Not by even the longest stretch of the imagination. 

With her laying on her back, he pushed up her dress, and tugged at her knickers. They were off in mere seconds. And before she could attempt to hide her blushes, she could feel the heat of his cock pushing inside her. 

It took the breath from her lungs. 

Her eyes slid shut. 

Her hands reached out into thin air, grasping. 

Her sopping wet pussy accepted every inch of rock hard cock it could get its nerve endings on. She cried out. And as his thumb pressed against her clitoris and rubbed at it, her cries became breathless grunts and squeaks. 

He moved closer to her body. Sank himself deeper into her loins. Thrust in and out. Longer, deeper strokes. Shorter, more frantic pulses. No script, no plan at all. Just pleasure. 

Andrina's fingers were still bunched into fists. Her teeth gritted, and her belly full of fire and butterflies. 

And then she exploded. 

Her limbs locked. Her eyes shot open. She bucked her hips and screamed her way through the most intense and unexpected orgasm of her life. And it never seemed to stop. Like her body had been saving it up, week after week, month after month, and year after year. It reached into every nook and cranny of her being. Pulled out sensations she could barely survive. 

She dizzied. 

Flopped. 

Her eyes picked out a tiny crack in the paintwork on the ceiling, and she focused on it as she lay there motionless apart from the heaving rasp of her breath. 

He wasn't finished. 

She could still feel his engorged cock inside her. Twitching, ready to pounce again. 

And it came. 

He pulled out. 

He moved around her until he was on his knees by her side. With one hand he gripped the thick base of his cock and aimed at it at her mouth. 

Even through the blur of exhaustion, she didn't need asking twice. 

She used just her tongue at first, licking up her own juices from the head. As she got a little strength back, she used her lips too. Kissed, suckled. 

He was close. 

She could taste it, and feel the almost-forgotten twitches in his shaft. 

She was ready for it. 

But, as his breathing reached a rough crescendo, he pulled himself out of her mouth, and erupted on her chest and neck. 

Andrina watched on. Grinning. 

She started to rub his semen into her flesh as he gasped for air. 

She couldn't wait for round two. To hell with sleep, she'd get through the next day on Red Bull if she had to. 

The beat of her heart leapt around inside her chest like an excited puppy. 

The bed moved. 

He was up again. 

But, his grin was gone. 

He found his towel, wrapped it around his waist. With his lowered head, he mumbled something about having to go. 

Andrina couldn't speak. It was a struggle to come to terms with what was going on. 

"Sorry," he said. And the door banged shut a few seconds later. 

Andrina lay there for moments in a stunned silence. Her mouth open, and her eyes closed. 

She opened them to make sure the whole thing hadn't been a dream. She was still naked but for the material of her dress around her waist. And her breasts glistened. 

What the hell? 

She started to laugh. Just a quiet, bewildered little laugh that was between her the empty room she now found herself in. 

It was still a better weekend than she'd expected. By quite a distance. 

She reached out for her phone, and The Who were already loaded and ready to go. She went with it. Decided to give herself a few seconds to recover, before hitting the shower. 

Then the door knocked. 

She sighed, and tried to ignore it. But whoever it was, kept going. Three cracks of the knuckle at a time. Pause. And all over again. 

She pulled her dress back into place, and climbed off the bed with a heavy puff of breath. 

To be continued...