 At the end of my Tulip I mentioned an erotic art work, the depiction of a black swan impregnating an Aborigine girl. It's a variant on Leda and the Swan, in which the supreme god Zeus in the form of swan copulates with a girl. There are numerous paintings, sculptures and drawings of this myth, many pretty erotic. There are also many highly erotic versions, and I have exhibited and sold a good few of them. 

The black Leda figures in a series of pictures, like a strip cartoon, by an Australian couple which operates, according to its blog, under the name 'Ozzymandy.' I had been exhibiting, buying and selling their work for a good while but did not know their identities. 

In their first picture the Aborigine girl is lying on her back by a billabong surrounded by gum trees. The fingers of one hand are tucked into her vulva, an allusion to Giorgione's Sleeping Venus. She is clearly masturbating.

In the second pic she is standing in the billabong pouring water over her head, echoing a thousand nude bathing scenes. In the sky a black swan is approaching.

In the third, she is lying face down on the bank, feet in the water. The swan, wings spread in triumph, has its webs on her huge buttocks. Its lower body is deeply embedded between those great cheeks, so it is uncertain which orifice the penis is into.

The last scene presumably confirms where the sperm went, because she is lying down with two huge eggs between her generous breasts, and a third egg is visible emerging from between those great bum-mounds.

Ozzymandy's Europa and the Bull and Pasiphae are further essays in mythological erotica. In the first part of Europa, a huge naked girl is riding astride a hairy red bull in a choppy sea, with a mountainous island in the background. She is pressing her vulva down on its back, leaning backwards, thrusting upwards enormous breasts. The nipples are spurting milk. 

In Part 2, the girl is on her hands and knees on a sandy beach. The bull is standing behind her, nose to her hairless, cow-like vulva. The tip of its penis protrudes under its stomach.

In the last part, the bull has mounted and the huge, erect penis is three parts inside. Liquid is running out of her vagina down her thighs.

The Pasiphae refers to the story of the Queen of Crete commissioning the great inventor Daedalus to build her a replica cow, in which she can be penetrated by a bull. Ozzymandy's ingenious idea is to offer what looks like Daedalus's blueprint for the cow. The drawing, in slightly faded black ink, shows the animal, constructed of stiff fabric over a wooden framework, with the near side cut away. Inside, the queen is lying, holding her breasts beneath her, bottom jammed against the cow's rear. The bull is mounted, its long penis passing through a slit into the vagina. 

I got into email correspondence with the artists and suggested that prints of these works would sell well. This proved so, and they were happy to produce other representations of classic myths. Their Nymphs and Satyrs series was very popular. The satyrs were equipped with goat cocks, and some of them were carelessly thrusting into the water goddesses' anuses. One or two had missed the target altogether and were spurting past a plump buttock.

Eventually the couple wrote to say they were coming to England and would like to meet me, with a view to closing further deals and collecting commissions. I offered to put them up, curious to know the composition of this duo, and keen to collect more of their work. 

When I met them at the airport, I was unsure of their sexual orientation, for while the larger one, considerably taller than me, looked thoroughly female, the smaller had a transsexual look. Of course, I checked the size of hands, the throats, the knees, but was none the wiser. Both were dressed in shirts and skirts.

I asked them if they needed one bed or two, and, as they wanted one, I yielded my double to them. I would sleep on my put-you-up sofa. When I had fed them they were ready for sleep, being jet-lagged. But when I was drifting off I heard above in my bedroom a good deal of activity and cries of pleasure. 

Late next day they appeared in the kitchen in dressing-gowns, which revealed enough to indicate that both had sizeable tits. Their voices were not indicative, either. Under the twang both had pleasing contralto tones.

When I had fed them, we adjourned to my sitting-room with coffee and began to chat, about art, erotica, the market. The conversation become more personal when I told them I liked their pseudonym. 

'Well,' the tall one said, 'We're Aussies. That's the first part of our moniker spelled another way, and I'm Oswalda, Ozzy for short, and she's Mandy.'

'I've never met an Oswalda,' I said.

'It's German. My grandma was German, but actually I started out as just Oswald, after my dad. You've got nothing against transsexuals, have you, Norma?'

'Certainly not,' I said, 'I've had quite a few in my time, one way and another.'

'She's the only one I've had,' said the one I now knew as Mandy. So, was she also transsexual or genetically female?

'Yeah,' said Ozzy, 'We've been together ten years now, and always faithful. Besides, you can't be too careful, can you?'

I could see they wanted me to reveal my orientation, and I could see no reason why not. 'I'm a genetic woman,' I said, 'But what matters to me is not the gender but whether I like and find someone attractive.'

'Well, having seen and made a few of the paintings you handle, we thought you must be pretty relaxed. And we've got some ideas for more stuff, if we can find a model or two. Of course we use each other. That woman in the Europa is mostly me, but with Mand's twatty. And some of those nymphs have got my arse. Others have Mand's bum.'

So now I knew Mandy was female, and she went on, 'Ozzy's cock's useful, too, of course. We've got a great Hero and Leander to show you. Good old Leo comes ashore and straight into her. He's got Ozzy's gear, big and stiff, and she's got my tits and cunt.' 

These were agreeably frank and direct Australians, and why not? We were going to talk about, and do business with erotic works of art, after all. 

I found them refreshing, and, sitting there in a state of undress, pretty erotic real life subjects in themselves. What were they wearing under those dressing-gowns?

Mandy seemed to do most of the talking. She said, 'We can't rely only our ourselves, though. We're going to need models, and we wondered whether you'd be willing. As far as we can tell, you've got neat tits and a great arse, Norm, under the duds. Whad'ya say?'

Well, I'm not shy about getting my kit off if the scenario is all right, so I agreed. Besides there would be an extra lift in selling erotic pics with my own bits included.

'Righto,' Mandy went on, 'We'll check you out when we go to bed tonight. You're good and dark, too, and we need some brunette coverage.'

Later, then, after supper, we went into my bedroom and I undressed and made slow turns to let them inspect me.

'Jeez, Norma, you've got a lovely arse,' said Ozzy. 'I could cum all over that, no trouble. Just right for Andromeda, don't you think, Mand?'

'Sure thing. And look at those sweet boobs. Perfect. I could cum all over them, too.'

'Look, girls,' I said, 'This is making me really randy. Can you do something about it?'

'We sure could,' said Mandy. 'No going into your cun, though.'

They were already undressing and I could hardly wait. It didn't take long, as they were as eager as me. And when they were naked, I was even more fired up. Both were shaven, so their genitals were the more evident, and in both cases beautiful. 

Mandy's breasts were heavy, pear-shaped and the nipples were already rigid. I turned her, and her bottom was gorgeous, spreading out and out from her waist in all dimensions and tucking under with a delicious overhang. Ozzy's tits were cone-shaped, pointing outwards, with the nipples emerging from the ends, like the teats on a baby's bottle. Her bum was as impressive as Mandy's. I just had to heft the buttocks in my hands, relishing the sheer bulk and weight.

'That feels good, Norm,' she said. 'I love my arse being touched.'

Her cock was large, the glans half emergent from the foreskin. As it was not yet fully erect. I love to see a penis growing into full tumescence, and often can't resist helping it.

'Ozzy,' I said, 'That's a fine tool you have. Can I hold it?'

I took it gently in my hand. 'I love to feel it harden like that,' I said. 'Look at it swell out of the foreskin, all red and shiny. I'm going to have to wank that off sooner or later.'

Mandy was meanwhile stroking my tits from behind and teasing the nipples between her fingers. She said, 'And sooner or later I'm going to have to suck you off, Norm.'

Without needing to speak or discuss what happened next we lay or kneeled down and wriggled into position. Ozzy knelt over me, tool now rigid. Mandy lay with her mouth poised at my pussy. I reached for Ozzy's cock as Mandy's tongue burrowed into my vulva. 

Five minutes or so passed in mutual enjoyment. Then Ozzy said, 'Norma mate, I need to fuck now, and it can't be you, but I'd love it if you held on while I got into Mand. She can go on tossing you.'

A rearrangement had Mandy lying on her back. I was straddling her to place my pussy on her mouth, and leaning forward to guide Ozzy into her. Or, rather, half into her, because Ozzy said, 'Keep tossing me, Norma. Make me cum.'

Mandy reached down and began to twirl a finger round her clitoris. She paused in licking me and said, 'Oz likes her like that when she's partway inside me. And when her dick swells up to cum. It usually makes me cum, too.'

'I love to make cocks cum,' I said. 'That usually makes me cum, too. And that won't be difficult with Mandy's tongue on my clit.'

Another five minutes of mutual enjoyment passed. Then Mandy said, 'Oz is going to cum,' and I said, 'Yes, just feel how it's swollen!' And as Mandy re-applied her tongue I went on, 'And I'm going to cum.'

'Now!' said Ozzy, and the thrusting of her now huge tool through my fingers deep into Mandy triggered Mandy's orgasm, too. 

'Cumming!' she shouted.

And at the same moment the delicious hot tingling in my thighs, up my bottom, in my stomach spread through me from my clit, and I cried out in ecstasy.

We lay down together a good while, talking quietly.

'My cock feels so comfy and happy in there,' said Ozzy.

'I love to have it in there,' said Mandy.

'All three cumming together,' I said. 'That was wonderful. I've not known that very often before.'

'Means we can work together.' said Mandy. 'Tomorrow we'll tell you our Andromeda idea.'

We slept together, and woke in a delightful tangle of limbs, with Ozzy's erection pressing against my thigh. She said, 'I like to start the day with a good wank, and usually Mand does that while I suck her off. But maybe you've got a morning routine, Norma?'

I said, 'Depends who I'm with. This morning I can't wait to toss off that great hard-on you've got, Ozzy, all over Mandy, and you can finger me off.'

Ozzy and I kneeled up together with Mandy lying in front, and I reached across Ozzy's stomach and took hold of her almost bursting tool. She reached behind me and thrust fingers up my sticky cunt. Mandy curled her fingers into her vulva and ran them up and down the slot.

'Can you come, Norm?' Ozzy asked, 'Because I'm going to spunk any minute.'

'Go ahead,' I said, 'The sight of it will do the trick.'

Mandy said, 'Splash my tits and I'll go over, too.'

Ozzy pumped three fingers harder and harder up my vagina and I speeded up my tool-rubbing. The cock actually swelled further. Ozzy said, 'Here it comes, girls!'

As the spurts of hot, runny semen dolloped onto Mandy's breasts, I felt my anus and cunt clench and spasm, and the orgasm erupted up my body like a lava-flow. 

Mandy arched her back and gasped as the climax took her. 'Lovely, lovely,' she said.

Then we felt the need to get to business, so we showered, ate breakfast and settled in my sitting-room for discussion of their 'Andromeda' project.

If you don't know the story: Andromeda's mother boasts that her daughter is more beautiful than the sea-nymphs, the Nereids; for which the sea-god, Poseidon, has the girl chained up naked to a rock and subject to the attentions of a sea-monster; but the hero Perseus rides, or rather flies, to the rescue on his winged horse Pegasus.

Since this gives the opportunity to paint a female nude, the subject has been popular with artists for a long time. You can look them up via Google. Ozzymandy's plan was to produce a series of variants on the theme, and they showed me sketches of the first scheme.

In Part 1, Andromeda, chained to the rock, has her back to us, which gives a nice view of some of her big, round bum, aided by her being half bent over away from us by the weight of the sea-monster. This is a long, serpentine reptile, clinging to her back, its scaly head by hers and its tail in the ocean. Its front feet are on her shoulders and its back ones are braced on the rock. The key feature is that, like many reptiles, the beast has two, in this case green, penises. In this case, one of them is buried between the girl's buttocks, clearly shown to be in her anus. The other penis is oozing green slime on one of the cheeks. Her face is turned towards the creature's head, as if asking it what is going on, or signalling enjoyment of the questing cock. Perseus, brandishing a fearsome sword, is airborne above on good old Pegasus.

In Part 2, Perseus has landed and since the figure is also nude, half turned while swinging the weapon, it is evident that it is shemale, with sizeable breasts and a dangling cock. The blade is slicing through the monster, which is falling away from the girl, its formerly embedded penis just emerged from her rectum. Green slime is running down her thigh. 

As Mandy explained, the implication is that Andromeda is still technically a virgin, since her vagina has not been penetrated, a situation about to be remedied in Part 3. In this, Andromeda is lying on Pegasus's back, her legs spread to rest on his wings. Perseus is poised above her, hands caressing her swollen breasts and erect nipples, huge penis nestling its tip into her lightly furred vagina.

'You're just right for a sexy Andromeda, Norma,' Mandy assured me, 'And Ozzy will do the Perseus a treat. So I do the painting for these.'

'Do I have to have a sea-monster up my bum?' I asked.

'Yes and No,' said Ozzy. 'We're going to make that, so you don't necessarily have to take its tool in your arse.'

'We're a bit short on flying horses nowadays,' I remarked.

'Don't worry,' said Mandy, 'I do a good line in equines and the wings won't be hard.'

'Do we go on location?' I asked. 'There might be a problem posing on Brighton beach.'

'We could charge for it, though,' said Ozzy. 'No, we can do the setting from photos.'

'We'll need to do some gardening on your muff, though,' said Mandy. 'That's why we keep ours shaved. It's easier to add the fuzz when needed, and meanwhile we do a lot of pics with the rude bits bare, like all those nymphs we did. Have you noticed that although they have tits they never grow any quim-curls?'

'Do you think these'll sell, Norma?' Ozzy asked. 'Because we've got ideas for more Andromedas, though we'd need more models. And where are we going to work?'

'Oh, I can sell them all right, and we'll do sets of photos and prints. We're doing a good trade in on line subscriptions, too. And I've hired a studio from an artist whose going travelling. In fact, she might do for an Andromeda. She does model. She's a redhead.'

'That would be great,' said Mandy. 'Is her bush red? We wouldn't want to shave that.'

'I don't know,' I said. 'I think she's a bit shy, actually. May even be a virgin, even though she's over thirty.'

'Can we meet her?' Ozzy asked. 'Can we see the studio?'

'I've arranged for us to go there this afternoon,' I said.

And so we did, and Lauren turned out not to be as shy as I thought, especially when we offered to cut her on a percentage of the sales. But that merits another chapter.