 So my new life started six weeks ago. My youngest graduated high school, his father finally accepted that he and I were finally done and over with and I was leaving. The house was already in a purchase and sale agreement, its contents going with it, and all I wanted to keep packed and shipped off. 

I'd found a small two bedroom apartment, four blocks down from my girlfriend Rachel, two towns over from most of my family. Rachel checks up on me every couple of days, chatting tidbits about her work and her search for her newest boyfriend of the moment. Today she called, catching me between writing sessions. 

"Hey girl! What are you doing tonight?" her breathy voice purred through my phone. 

"Nothing that I know of, why?" 

"Come with me and Gina to the club party." Now, the club was a local group of bikers. Not the Hell's Angels kind of bikers. Just a group of guys who loved riding. 

"When?" 

"I'll pick you up in a half hour. Try to make yourself pretty." 

"Ha! I'll try! See you then." I clicked my phone off and tossed it gently to the table. 

On my way to my closet, I got a brief flash of the dream I had just this morning. Tall man. Thick, golden waves of silken hair. Broad chest with strong arms, big hands. Quick shake of my head cleared my thoughts as I stood before my closet and its meager contents. Denim mini skirt. Flaunt the legs cause, yes they're fine. Silky camisole over my strapless bra. Spaghetti strap tank in vivid swirls of color. 

Scoop the thick mass of chestnut waves and curls into a trailing cascade dripping down my back. Add the musky, smoky perfume at those pulse points, slip into the three and a half inch stilettos. 

Check the image in the mirror, shift, settle the boobs evenly, smooth the hem of the skirt, slip in the dangly, sparkly earrings. Carefully, smudge the shadow, blend the highlight and add mascara. 

Doorbell rings, Rachel quickly followed in, bringing Gina along. 

"Wow! Not bad! Let me just smudge it just a touch." Gina grinned, grabbing my chin and gently rubbing a light finger along my eyelids. "Yeah, nice. Lipstick?" 

"This." I answered handing over the vibrant red. She outlined, defined and stained my lips into a bee stung pout. 

"G, that's amazing!" Rachel said, sipping her early bottle of Fireball. Her breathy voice slightly slurring. 

"C'mon. Let's get going. I'm driving from here." Gina said, taking Rachel's keys and her hand, pulling her to the door. Twenty minutes later, we pull up into the parking lot of the club's building. A corrugated square, thirty by fifty, with blazing lights flashing and sputtering and music thumping and pouring from the open doors. 

Rachel led us into the main room where we met up with some of her other girlfriends and their husbands. Introductions all around and more drinks were ordered as we found seats around the tables. I sat beside Rachel, letting her lean against me as she did her best to sober up a little. I listened in on a couple of conversations that continued from when we joined them, let them fade into the background as I let my gaze travel beyond our table. 

Four slate pool tables had people at each, with a decent group of watchers around the edges of the room. Many couples jived, shimmied and gyrated on the dance floor, while singles mingled in the space between it and the bar. At the farthest pool table a cheer rose, capturing my attention, noticing him for the first time. 

Tall, really tall. Broad shoulders, wide back tapering down to a wide waist above a pair of full tantalizing ass cheeks. As he turned, I caught his strong profile. Strong, solid jaw. Straight blade of a nose above a thick brush mustache. A hint of blond curls tucked under his battered hat. 

"Uuurrp." Rachel belched softly beside my ear. 

"Where's the ladies room?" I asked, and was instantly helped by three more of Rachel's girls, getting her quickly inside and to a commode, just in time. 

We took her from puking to fresh again in just over forty-five minutes. Sparkling again, we led her back to the table. As I sat again beside her, I noticed who now occupied the seat beside me. Mr. Niceass. His front wasn't too shabby either. 

Warm, amber honey flecked, almond eyes filled with intelligence and interest as I sat down. His full mouth spread in a welcoming smile. 

"Hi." His voice was warm, deep whiskey. 

"Hi." 

"Your first club party?" 

"Yes." I answered, enjoying watching his mouth move. 

"My name's Dragon." 

"Hmm, my favorite kind of beastie. I'm Angelica. Angel." I watched the dimples emerge when he heard my name. "Dragon and Angel. Sounds like a soft porn movie you'd see on Skin-a-max at two a.m." 

"It does. When do we start?" he grinned, letting his eyes rove over my body. My fresh drink arrived and I toasted with him. "To what, Angel?" 

"An interesting adventure together." I said, holding that warm gaze. 

"I'll drink to that, Angel." We clicked glasses and sipped. "What do you do?" 

"For work? I write books." 

"Seriously?" his lip quirked up. 

"Ever hear of Gemma Race?" his eyes flashed to meet mine. 

"Honestly?" 

"Swear to the heavens above." I said, crossing my fingers in an X over my heart. 

"I've read a couple of your books. Very detailed, almost instructional. Very enjoyable." 

"Really?! Thank you!" I felt and saw his eyes dip down to the shadowy hint of my cleavage and met his gaze with a warm, interested smile. 

A slow song began, drawing couples out to squirm and dance. 

"Care to dance with me?" 

"I'd like that. A lot." He rose, holding his hand out to help me up. I took it, feeling his fingers close gently around mine as he led us to the dance floor. He slid his arm around my waist, settling low on the rise of my ass as he guided me in a slow, swirling waltz. 

My hand rested on his shoulder, holding myself as close to him as I dared. The sizzle I felt zinging through my veins was surprising and a little frightening. When I met his gaze once more, I saw that he felt it too. 

"Angel, will you let me kiss you before the song is over?" he leaned close to whisper in my ear. 

"Maybe. You dance divinely." 

"Such a thirties compliment but thank you. Eight years of lessons." 

"That's amazing! If I can be completely honest, I find that to be a serious turn on." 

"Do you now?" his smile grew wolfish as he drew me closer to him, pressing me into his heat and solidity, as he began quickly spinning us. I slid my hand around his neck, holding on tightly, burying my face in his warm neck. 

Instinctually, I nuzzled my lips along the strong column of his neck. I felt his answering rumble of pleasure against my chest, felt him slow our spin, slowing to a gentle swaying. 

When my spinning brain slowed to join the rest of me, I raised my eyes to his, seeing want, need. 

"Dragon?" 

"Yes." At his word, I closed the distance between us, pressing my lips to his warmly. His tongue teased entrance to my mouth and tangled gently with mine. He slid my hand around his neck as he pulled my body tighter to his, trailing his fingertips lightly along my spine. 

To feel his warm, hard body pressed so tightly, so intimately to mine, sent that sizzle into overdrive. I heard a soft noise, a breathless no when he pulled away. 

"The song is over, Angel. C'mon, follow me." He said, his voice husky with need. Gently he tugged me along through the crowd, past the pool tables and outside to the picnic tables. In the shadow of the building, Dragon pinned me to the wall with his mouth and gentle hands. 

I felt my inner temperature rising as his kiss deepened, as his hands gripped and groped agile, as he rubbed his hard on against my lower belly. I felt a door click open, felt a wild power flood into me, felt a wild woman take over, rubbing against him like an alley cat, hearing his groan of pleasure. 

"Angel. As much as I want to continue and slide my rock hard cock into your warm, wet hole, I think we both might want to take a breath or two." Dragon groaned softly against my lips. 

"And if I'd like to continue?" I panted softly into his mouth, hearing him groan softly again. 

"Angel..." 

"Yes, Dragon?" 

"Soon enough. That I promise you, soon enough. And I'll tell you this, I want you in a way I've never felt before. I don't want you to get caught up in the tail end of some bullshit. Another week or two and you'll get your wish." 

"Angel?!! Where are you?" We heard Gina calling for me. 

"Another strike against us." I purred against his lips. 

"Soon enough." 

"Angel! Damn it woman! Come on, we gotta get Rachel home!" Defeated, I slumped against him, burrowing my face into his neck. 

"I'm here." I called, gazing into his shadowed eyes, feeling an ache deep inside as I slipped from his embrace. He caught my hand before I got away and walked back inside with me. 

Seeing Rachel passed out beside the table was definitely notice that it was time to go. Dragon gently scooped her up from the floor and carried her out to our waiting car, settling her easily in the backseat. 

"Couple weeks and I'll make your wish come true." Dragon rumbled near my ear, pressing a warm kiss behind my ear. 

"I can wait." My last glimpse of him, standing where the car had been, watching as we drove away. 

Gina called on a Sunday morning, early. I almost didn't answer the phone. 

"What?" I growled. 

"Wanna be my date this afternoon?" 

"For what?" 

"Lizzy and Chester's wedding." 

"When?" 

"One o'clock. It's eight-thirty." 

"Yeah, sure. Pick me up at..." 

"Twelve-ish. Be ready." And she hung up. I dragged myself from my warm, snugly cocoon, made coffee and within an hour had become somewhat human. I picked out my newest mini-dress and shimmery heels and climbed into the shower. Scrubbing, scraping, shaving, buffing and polishing until every inch of me gleamed. 

Five of twelve, I heard Gina's rattletrap excuse of a vehicle pull up in front of my place. I was just slipping my earrings in when she knocked and came in. 

"Damn chica! Nobody's gonna even notice the bride after you walk in! Hubba hubba." She grinned, shaking her hand as if she'd touched something hot. 

"Chester's in the club?" 

"Oh, yeah. For like, forever?" Gina answered, searching my fridge and coming out with a water bottle. I felt a tingle creeping up my spine, hoping to see Dragon again. "You ready?" 

"As I'll ever be!" We made it to the church with ten minutes to spare and sat on the bride's side, at the back. The ceremony was beautiful but long. Lizzie was a gorgeous bride in white. Chester was positively beaming when he walked his wife back up the aisle. 

Waiting for everybody in the front rows to pass by us, I caught a glimpse of him. In a groomsmen tuxedo, a girl in a bridesmaid dress with her arm through his. His eyes caught mine for the briefest of glimpses and I thought I saw joy fire in those amber pools. I knew it when he looked back over his shoulder and met my eyes again. 

"That looked promising." Gina murmured as we joined the crowd's end. "Is it something serious?" 

"Maybe. I'm not sure yet." 

"What are you sure of with that one?" She asked as we climbed into the car to drive to the reception. 

"He's got an amazing mouth." 

"And?" 

"He makes me burn." 

"Girl, that's not a good thing!" 

"Not like that! Like I can't wait to actually do him." 

"You haven't yet? Are you alright?" she asked with a grin. 

"Nope. And he said something about being at the tail end of some bullshit." 

"Something's telling me tonight's the night then." 

"I can only hope so." 

"Light up that blunt. We've got a little while before we get there." As she drove, we smoked, fish bowling her little car. In the hall's parking lot we found a spot near the back of the lot in the shade and waited, watching all the other cars pull in and park. We watched as Dragon climbed out of a perfectly restored 1979 Lincoln Town Car Continental, all by himself. He glanced at Gina's jalopy, parked way back here and walked toward us. 

"He's coming this way." She said exhaling a long cloud. 

"I can see that. I have eyes, y'know." 

"Get out." I opened the door, letting the cloud escape. He smiled as he saw the cloud slowly rising. Smiled even more when he saw me climb out through the cloud. 

"I thought that was you." He said, taking my hands in his. Joy positively danced in his eyes as he gazed down at me." You look good enough to eat." He growled in my ear as he leaned in close. 

"Thank you." 

"Dance with me tonight?" his hands rested on my waist. 

"I'd love to." 

"Good. I've got to get inside for pictures. I'll see you after dinner. I've missed you." 

"Me too." He grinned and kissed me quickly before turning back to go onside. 

"Was that a heat wave? Did you feel that? Heat blast?!" Gina teased, leaning against her car door, fanning herself. 

"Yep, a volcano. That's what it is. A volcano." I answered with a laugh, leading her into the hall. We got our seating arrangements and headed to the bar. With hefty drinks in hand, we found our table and met our tablemates. Through the appetizers, the main meal and dessert, I couldn't tell you how many times our eyes met and locked. Finally, the bride and groom danced their first dance and opened the dance floor for the rest of the night. 

I watched him cross the hall, passing two other young women intent on him without even a glance, until he stood beside me. I took his offered hand, rising to my feet beside him. 

"You're even more beautiful today." He said softly, leading me onto the dance floor and into his arms. To feel him, so close, so warm, sent shivers racing through me. "Cold?" 

"No. Not at the moment." I looked up, meeting his gaze, feeling the intensity of his feelings. "I don't think I'll ever be cold again." 

He smiled, holding me close, spinning us slowly. His hand rested again on the swell of my ass, while he held my hand. The photographer weaved his way through the crowded dance floor, snapping candids as he did. He took two of us, one while we were locked gazing deep into each other's eyes, oblivious to everything around us, the other when we smiled for the camera. 

"I'm sorry but I really don't want to take my arms from around you." 

"You don't have to." It didn't matter if the song was slow or fast, we swayed together at the edge of the dance floor, lost in our own world. Until the tossing of the garter and bouquet. 

Lizzie kept peeking over her shoulder, spotting me, aiming for me when she tossed her flowers. A bridesmaid and a cousin of the groom rose high into the air, like for a jump ball. Both missed. I watched the flowers bounce and pass between their grasping hands to land in my open hands. I turned to find Dragon in the crowd, his eyes bright and twinkling, and his smile happy. 

The single men crowded onto the dance floor behind Chester. A quick countdown, a brisk toss. I saw a hand pin the garter to the low ceiling, followed down the arm to see his proud face. 

Feeling my heart thumping crazily, I sat in the chair, Dragon kneeling at my feet with the garter tangled on his fingers. He slipped off my shoe, slid the garter over my foot. 

Once it passed my ankle, he raised his eyes to mine, letting me see the molten need burning in there. I felt my mouth go dry as he slowly slid that silky black garter up my calf. I could barely swallow when he dragged it over my knee, stroking the back side with his fingertips. 

He watched my tongue peep out to moisten my lips as his hand stroked firmly along the length of my thigh, as he slid a brushing glance against my warm bush. I slid my arms around his neck and gently pulled him into my kiss. The crowd erupted in wild yells and whistles. 

He lifted me out of the chair, held me tight against him, lost in kissing him. Chester got through to us enough, and led us outside. 

"So how long have you two been together? Since Jojo's birthday bash?" Chester asked, his face red, his eyes hot and angry. 

"That's when we met. We haven't been together." Dragon answered, keeping his gaze steady on Chester. "I never cheated on your sister. Ever. Jojo's birthday was the very first time I laid eyes on her. Long after the shitstorm with Gerda started. But I knew, as soon as I held her in my arms, that she's mine." 

"Angel, your first visit to the clubhouse was Jojo's birthday bash, the night Rachel puked her guts up, got hammered again, fought with Leeann, and then passed out under the table. Right?" 

"Yeah, Chester." 

"Have you seen him since then?" 

"No, not unless you count seeing him in my dreams." 

"No, then." Chester paced in front of us. "Look, Dragon, Gerda fubarred a lot of things, in a lotta people. I believe you. Sorry, man. I'm an asshole. A sorry asshole." 

"Apology accepted. Asshole." 

"I'm going in to find my wife and dance her off to the hotel. Angel, he's an honorable man." 

"I don't think there can be a dishonorable dragon. I think something compels them to rise to the light." I said after he left us alone. 

"This Dragon is compelled by you. You are my light." He cupped my chin in his palm, pulling me to his lips. I let my hands slide up his chest, over his shoulders and around his neck, holding on tightly. His hands molded my body to his, igniting a blaze not only between my thighs but in my chest. 

Faintly, I realized he was dancing me, to the sensual Latin beat of Santana's Smooth, playing inside. Every movement was another heated degree between my thighs. 

"You're so fluid, so responsive with me." His voice growled softly in my ear, his hands firmly sliding down my back to my waist, to spin me against him at my back. His hands sliding down lower, over my hips, bending us both, letting me feel his hard on, letting him grab a handful of hot, and soggy pussy. 

"Angel, spin again, face me." I did, meeting his eyes, feeling the air in my lungs whoosh out in a rush, feeling my heart jump out to land at his feet. Slowly, he slid me down into a deep dip, my arms wrapped tight around his shoulders. "Will you come home with me tonight?" 

"Yes," I breathed softly, "yes, I will." Gently, he lifted us back to upright, our bodies straining, pulling to get even closer. 

"Do you think anybody'd miss us, if we bailed now?" he asked, his gaze locked on my mouth. 

"I don't know. Maybe. Probably." 

"Y'know, at this very moment, I don't fucking care. C'mon." Tugging me by the hand around the side of the hall and into the parking lot, to his Lincoln. I climbed in the driver's side, shifting to the middle when Dragon slid in beside me. 

"I love your car." 

"She's my beauty. Took me three years to rebuild and refit her. C'mere. Right here, beside me." I snuggled in tight against his side, my cheek pressed to his chest, his arm over my shoulder. "Did you really dream of me?" 

"Well, yes, I did." 

"Sexy dreams?" he asked kissing my forehead. 

"Some of them." 

"Will you tell me about it?" 

"Not yet." I let him feel my hand resting on his thigh, heard his soft growl. "What's your real name?" 

"Drake. Andrew. Kincaid. And yours?" 

"Angelica Esmeralda de la Cruz. How long before we're at your place, Drake?" 

"I haven't heard that in about three years. Sounds odd. About fifteen minutes. Say it again." 

"Drake. My Dragon." I looked up, seeing his expression soften. "Drake, I don't know if I can wait that long." 

"Oh, Angel. Please, hang on." 

"Drake," I watched the shudder ripple through him, watched his eyes scan the side of the road until he found what he wanted and pulled in and parked. 

"I don't want to wait either. I want you, more than I've wanted anyone before." 

He slid the zipper at the back of my dress down, sliding the sleeves down my arms. As I shook the sleeves down and off, he filled his hands with my breasts, kneading them hungrily. My hands unhooked the bowtie at his throat and began quickly opening the buttons on his shirt. 
