 When I originally wrote this, I wrote it to the lyrics of J.Geils Band "Centerfold".  I included the lyrics in the story as bridges from paragraph to paragraph.  For copyright reasons and Literotica rules, I needed to remove most of the lyrics.  If you know the song, you know the lyrics anyway ...

I hope you enjoy.

##############

"She was pure like snowflakes
No one could ever stain ..."

As the plane began it's descent into Los Angeles, I found myself reflecting back on my high school years.  I really couldn't believe ten years had passed since graduation but here I was flying into town for my ten-year high school reunion.  I had thought seriously about not going, but had a change of heart at the last moment.  My assistant talked me into going, telling me I needed a break from work and that I would probably have fun seeing old friends.  I've learned in the three years she has worked for me that Tracey is usually right on social matters.  Why doubt her now.  

The ten years since high school had been exceptionally kind to me.  I'd started college as I always had planned but got sidetracked in my junior year.  I met a couple guys in a computer class my first semester and we became fast friends.  Each of us was from different backgrounds and parts of the country, but we just felt a closeness between us that turned into friendship.  In any event, they introduced me to the Internet at a time when it was really that well known.  They started doing some graphics work and soon found themselves with a growing business.  I had always been sharp with numbers and they soon drafted me into the company to run the finance side of things.  I helped them on the graphics side when they needed me, but my focus was steering us to success.  

By January of my junior year, the business was doing quite well and I decided to join the guy's full time in the business.  The world was waking up to the web and it seemed we were really on to something big.  Flash forward seven years and we are all worth far more than we had ever dreamed possible.  The business really did take off and we became the toasts of Silicon Valley as one of the pioneers.  That brings me to the plane descending into L. A.  I had a couple meetings scheduled on the East Coast, but Tracey was able to rearrange my schedule to allow me a couple nights in town.  I hadn't seen any of these people since I left for college ten years earlier.  I wondered about a few of the people that I used to call friends and hoped they would be there to see.  One person of particular interest was a girl named Robin.  I had quite a crush on her in high school but I never had the guts to ask her out on a date.  We knew each other but we definitely ran with different crowds.  She was a cheerleader and dated the jocks.  I played sports but definitely hung out with a more academic crowd.  She was really a pretty girl in high school and always had a great smile.  When Tracey suggested I go, Robin was the first person I thought about seeing and wondering if she would be at the reunion.  

"Years go by I'm lookin' through a girly magazine
And there's my homeroom angel on the pages in-between"

My hope that she would be there grew substantially as I glanced at the magazine rack while waiting for my flight.  I usually time it so my airport stay is at a minimum but bad weather in L. A. had delayed the flights and I had time to kill.  Walking by one of the many kiosks at the airport, a picture caught my attention.  Peering at me from the cover of Playboy magazine was a familiar face.  I walked past it thinking I was just imagining things, but I had to take a second look.  I picked up the magazine and stared at the cover.  It was she, I was sure about it.  Of course it was wrapped in plastic but I took it to the register and bought it.  I tossed it in a side pouch of my carry-on.  I really didn't want to open a Playboy in the middle of the airport.  

About twenty minutes later, I boarded the airplane for the seventy-five minute flight to L. A.  After the door was closed, I reached into my bag and pulled out the magazine.  I was pleased no one sat beside me.  I opened the plastic and just stared at the cover.  Flipping through the pages, I found the pictorial of her.  It was Robin … in the flesh!  She was even more beautiful than I had remembered her.  Her eyes still had the twinkle and she still had the long, wavy blonde hair that captured my attention in eleventh grade history!  I didn't remember her breasts.  Of course I never saw them for real but I sure didn't remember them being as pronounced as they were on the glossy pages in my hands.  Just then the first class stewardess offered me a glass of wine or some other beverage.  I'm sure I blushed a bit when I realized she glanced at the photos.  I accepted her wine with red cheeks.  The pictorial was excellent, done with Playboy's usual good taste.  I closed up the magazine and slid it back in the side pouch of my bag.  I thought about the four years of high school and how far I had come since those days.

"My blood runs cold
My memory has just been sold
My angel is the centerfold"

I landed in L. A. and grabbed my bags.  Tracey had arranged a driver to be waiting for me. I asked him to drive to the suburbs where I spent my youth and I took in the town.  I was feeling very nostalgic as the reunion grew near and found myself wishing I had stayed in touch with some of my old friends.  As the hour neared eleven, I headed south to the Ritz-Carlton in Laguna.  It's a beautiful place overlooking the Pacific Ocean in South Orange County.  Tracey always books me into the Ritz when I'm in OC.  I had a room on the top with an incredible view of the coastline.  My two suitcases arrived at the room just after I had.  I pulled out my laptop and checked my mail but soon found myself pulling out Robin from my bag.  I flipped through her pictorial once again and smiled.  Damn she's beautiful!  What are the odds that she'll be at the reunion?  I shook my head and told myself 'no chance'!  Then I realized that's probably what anyone who remembers me is saying about me being there.  It was pushing one, so I tossed the Playboy on the floor.  I flipped off my light.

Tracey had tracked down a couple of my old friends, or at least she thought she had.  She had tracked down their names.  While eating breakfast on the balcony, I dialed up the three numbers she had given me.  Two of them were actually right.  Jason was living about an hour away, but Jeff was living about ten minutes from my hotel.  I arranged to meet Jason and his wife at a bar near the party around five-thirty but Jeff said he'd drive over to the hotel.  Just before noon he knocked on the door.  It was great to see him and we talked about the last ten years.  Life had been good for him as well and he had been married the last three years.  We spent the afternoon by the pool talking about the old times and wondering about the girls who wouldn't give us a second thought ten years ago.  He agreed to meet us at five-thirty.

I had the front desk arrange a car for me.  I told them something flashy and fun.  I went to the lobby and passed the concierge.  The lovely lady handed me a set of keys "Michael has it waiting in front."  It was certainly flashy.  A dark blue Porsche 996 Cabriolet was waiting with the top down.  It purred like a kitten as I started it up.  I drove to the quaint Italian restaurant we had selected to meet. They had a small bar off to the side and Jeff knew the owner.  Jason and Jeff arrived with their wives.  The guys had stayed in touch but hadn't spoken in about six months.  I had ordered a bottle of champagne and we drank to old friends and new.  We arrived at the reunion a little before seven.  It was already well attended but we had a very large high school.  Besides, who leaves Southern California?

Jason's wife found us a table and we staked out our base for the evening.  It seemed like a constant flow of people stopped by to say hello.  I'm sure it had to do with my 'fame' because I was not that well known in school.  It was great seeing as many old friends as I did.  At one point, I was getting drinks for the table and I thought I saw Robin across the room.  After handing off the drinks I went for a stroll around the room.  She was with her former cheerleader friends.  This was not my circle of friends and I really didn't think she'd remember me anyway.  She was as beautiful in person as I had expected.

Ninety minutes into the night I needed some fresh air.  I found a doorway and slipped outside to the adjacent fountains.  As I watched the simplicity of the water splashing from the fountain, it was amazing how far I had come in these ten years.  So many of my high school mates were still living where we grew up doing very 'normal' jobs with the wife and kids.  The party was great but I was feeling very removed from all these people, many of whom I shared my childhood.  

"Penny for your thoughts."  I hadn't even noticed her walk up beside me I had been so into my thoughts.  Somewhat startled, I turned to see Robin standing three feet from me.  She looked incredible.  Robin was five foot six and the heels added three inches.  She wore a dark blue suit jacket with matching top that fit to every curve of her body.  And she did have curves!  The jacket had three gold buttons that strained to hold her breasts.  The skirt was mid-thigh in length.  It was just long enough to be tasteful and just short enough to cause wonderment at what it concealed.  Her long blonde hair lay on her shoulders.  And her smile would light up a dark room.  

"I was just thinking how long it's been since you caught me staring at you in Barnett's History class."  Robin smiled.  

"I doubt that's what you were thinking, but I'll take the complement."  

"I'm surprised to see you here.  I saw you last night … but didn't figure to see you today."

Robin blushed at my comment "Timing's everything.  What about you?"  

"What about me?"  

"I would think you'd be just a little busy yourself for a high school reunion."  I was surprised she seemed to know about me and apparently the look showed on my face.

"So models aren't supposed to read the business press?  A girl has got to watch her portfolio you know.  Besides, how many classmates run companies worth a few billion?"

"Probably not too many I'd guess."  Robin started asking questions about my company and the industry.  I was real surprised by her level of understanding.  I remember her being an okay student, but definitely not academic.  

After twenty minutes, "Enough about me.  It's my turn."  I could see the look in her eyes.  She knew I would ask about Playboy.  "So what have you done with the last ten years?"  She was pleasantly surprised.  "Did you go to college?"  

"Berkeley.  I majored in Business."  Now it was my turn to be surprised.  "I started work and realized I wanted to see the world.  I found an agent and became a model."  Robin proceeded to tell me about traveling Europe for the past five years.

Two of her old friends came from the party, "There you are Robin.  We've been looking for you."  They grabbed her arms and led her back to the party.  

She turned, "Don't leave without saying good-bye."  I realized we'd been talking for nearly forty-five minutes.  I headed back inside and hooked up with Jason and Jeff.

"Where have you been?"  

"You are not going to believe it.  I've been outside with Robin.  She is really great."  I could see the look on the girls' faces.  "That's not what I mean, but that part is true as well!"  The party progressed and we were all sitting around the table as the music slowed.  

"I'm looking for a dance partner, can you help me out?"  

I stood, "I sure can't disappoint a lady, can I?"  Robin led me to the dance floor.  It was a little strange.  All through high school I had a small circle of friends and didn't do anything to attract attention.  Now here I was ten years later with the same people and I suddenly had the feeling of everyone watching the centerfold and the famous computer guy.  I pulled Robin close and we danced.  I've had the company of some beautiful women, but this felt very different.  I don't know if it was nostalgia or Playboy, but she felt great.

We found ways to bump into one another throughout the night.  The clock was nearing midnight and the party was winding down as everyone headed to parties or home to the kids.  "I would love to see you again."  

"Does this mean you're telling me good-night?"  

"It's getting late and I figure you've got a party or two to attend."  

"I've got some offers, but I haven't heard yours."  

"I'd be honored if you'd share a glass of champagne with me on the balcony at the Ritz?"  

"Let me say good bye to a couple friends.  Stay right here."

We were pulling up to the Ritz in twenty minutes.  Michael opened the door for Robin.  He was still starring as I hopped out on my side.  He helped her from the low two-seater and walked around to take the keys.  I could see the question forming in his mind as he approached.  I merely nodded that he was correct and handed him the keys.  "Michael, could you have them send a bottle of champagne sent to my room?"  

"Yes sir, right away."  He was talking to me, but looking at Robin.  Who would fault him that?  We took the quick ride up the elevator and soon found ourselves inside my room.  No sooner had I shown Robin to the balcony than the champagne arrived.  The bellman was in his early twenties and I'm sure he'd won a coin toss to deliver the champagne.  He nearly pushed the cart into a table as he entered the room.  His eyes never leaving Robin.  

"Do you ever get used to the stares?" 

"Never."  

I brought her a glass, "To Kennedy High School."  We both laughed at the silly toast.  Robin sampled the champagne then moved close to me.  I took her in my arms and we kissed for the first time.  Her lips were soft and full.  My tongue danced on her lips for a moment before they parted.  We kissed with a passion, our tongues moving in rhythm.  My hands wrapped behind her and I began to caress her firm ass through her skirt.  Her hands were soon unfastening the buttons on my shirt.  When she had the top four unfastened, her hands slipped inside.  The touch of her hands on my skin was electric.  Her hands roamed over my chest and stomach paying extra attention to my nipples.  Soon, she was pushing my jacket off my shoulders.  My white dress shirt followed quickly thereafter.  It was now my turn to begin unwrapping the package before me.  

Reluctantly I removed my hands from her ass.  I helped her remove her jacket, lying it on a chair beside me.  I could almost feel my hands trembling as I unfastened the buttons of her blouse.  "Nervous?"  She asked coyly with a mischievous grin.  

"A little bit.  I've never been with Miss July."  

"What months have you been with then?"  

The last button was undone and I removed the blouse from her shoulders.  She was standing on the balcony with the moonlight behind her.  Her breasts barely supported by a dark blue lace bra.  I quickly removed it, her breasts barely falling with gravity.  I unzipped her skirt and pushed it towards the floor.  I bent down and she stepped from it.  She was amazing to view.  Her long blonde hair lay on her shoulders.  Her skin was dark brown … definitely no tan lines!  She was still wearing her heels and dark stockings with a garter and a sheer thong to match.  "You are simply AMAZING!"  As she stood before me, I remembered the 'fact page' in Playboy that listed her as 38C-23-36.  It looked great on paper, but nothing like the real deal!  

She wrapped her arms around my neck and pulled me close.  We kissed, this time she took the lead.  Her tongue entered my mouth with confidence.  She was truly a great kisser!  She broke the kiss and seductively dropped to her knees before me.  Her eyes continued to gaze into mine as her hands moved down my stomach, stopping at my belt.  It was quickly unfastened, followed shortly by the unzipping of my fly.  She pulled my slacks down my legs.   I kicked off my shoes and she helped pull my pants from my legs followed by my socks.  My cock was straining against my briefs.  Her soft lips kissed my inner thighs, first the left then the right.  She moved her attentions to my navel.  Her tongue probed my belly button then she began to kiss down to my waistline.  Her fingers started to roll my briefs down, her soft kisses following close behind.  It was only moments before the head of my cock was rising above my briefs.  Robin took a break from the kissing to look up at me, "You don't look so nervous now."  

She pulled my briefs off my hips and I stepped free.  Her soft tongue touched my cock at the base and she slowly licked her way up to the crown.  Her tongue traced circles around the head before her lips formed an 'O' and she lowered her mouth onto my straining cock.  As she took more of my cock into her warm mouth, her tongue lapped at the sensitive underside of my cock.  I couldn't believe how many different sensations she was creating with her mouth.  As she lifted her head, she raked her lower teeth against my soft flesh.  The change in sensations from her soft tongue nearly caused me to cum.  Her right hand was fondling my ball sac as it hung between my legs.  She was toying with my body at this point.  She pulled down on my sac, not allowing me to cum if I wanted.  Robin continued to mouth my cock for the next five minutes before she abruptly stopped and stood.  She took a drink from her champagne, a long, slow sexy drink.

When she sat the glass down, I took her breasts into my hands.  Her skin was so soft and smooth.  I lowered my mouth to her left breast.  My lips parted and I took her nipple into my mouth for the first time.  The more I kissed, the more her nipples grew.  I remembered seeing them in the magazine and thinking they were quite full.  Now that I had one between my lips, I realized just how full they were.  As I kissed her breasts, Robin's hands played on my back, her nails gently raking my skin.  I felt like I could suckle her breasts all night but I knew there was so much more to explore.  I bent my knees and began to kiss down her belly.  When I reached her belly button, I realized she had a small diamond stud there.  My tongue danced on it for a moment before I ventured further south.  I was doing my best, but I did lack the subtleties Robin had displayed in undressing me just minutes before.  I kissed her lips through her bikini before slipping my fingers inside the thin waistband and edging it slowly down her thighs.  As I slowly rolled it down, the top of her blonde pubes came into sight.  In less than fifteen seconds, her bikini was sliding down her thighs.  I stared for a moment at the treasure between her legs.  Robin's pubes were neatly shaped, just a thin patch above her clit.  It was more for contrast to the rest of her smooth, clean-shaven skin than for any other reason.

As my extended tongue neared her, I could smell her scent.  My tongue stretched out to her lips and I softly traced the length of her lips.  They were slightly exposed to my touch.  My hands were moving up and down her stocking covered legs, the feel of the nylon heightening my arousal.  As if I needed any help!  On the tenth stroke of her lips, my tongue came in contact with her hot button.  Robin's body arched towards me and she moaned a low moan.  My tongue concentrated on her clit, changing directions of approach constantly.  I'd stroke it from left to right a few times before changing to an up and down motion.  She toyed with my cock and I wanted to give her the same sensations.

"Rick.  I need you inside me."  I was in heaven.  She tasted so sweet to my tongue I didn't want to stop. "Rick.  Now."  It wasn't so much a demand as an impassioned plea.  I stood up and we kissed again, even with more feeling than previous.  We moved to the bed and I pulled back the covers.  We fell onto the sheets together.  Robin quickly pulled me on top of her.  Her sexy legs quickly wrapped around my waist as my cock pressed against her moist lips.  As she pulled her legs tighter, my cock slid inside of her.  She pulled my body to hers, our bodies pressing tightly together.  I slowly stroked my cock in and out of her body.  I pulled my seven inches to the very edge of her pussy, just to that point where a woman thinks you are slipping out before pushing my length back into her.  We started in a slow motion but I could tell she wanted me much faster.  "When you're on top, we can go faster but right now I'm in control."  She smiled a wicked smile at me.  
