 Being in a mental hospital, no matter how plush the surroundings of said hospital might be, is not an ideal place to be.

Nor is it exactly an ideal place to have sexual encounters with other patients there.

But that didn't stop me from befriending a girl who was in there with me, and nor did it stop me from pursuing, and succeeding, in having a sexual tryst with her while we were both there.

It all started, as most things do, innocently enough.

It was haircut day at the funny farm, and I noticed, or at least I thought I did, the girl in question, who I later found out was named Angel, staring at me and smiling quite shyly every once in a while.

One thing started leading to other things, and pretty soon we had gone from that to saying hello to each other as we passed in the hall to being damn near inseparable.

Not that there was a damn thing I could do about the feeling I was starting to have for her, and that I was pretty sure she was having for me, as long as we were both cooped up in the crazy factory.

But sometimes when two people love each other, or in this case clearly want to jump each other's bones and fuck themselves senseless, sometimes there's nothing you can do but let it happen.

So it really shouldn't have come as a surprise to anyone when we started shooting some hoops together that things started on a downhill snowball towards their natural progression.

"You're kicking my ass out here," Angel teased me as we shot some baskets, my eyes doing their best not to focus on her ass, tits or shapely legs as I smiled back at her.

"That's because the ball likes me more than you Angel," I teased her as I stuck my tongue out at her, leading her to return fire and stick her tongue out at me.

"At least something likes you John," she teased me back, the sexual tension between us becoming so thick you could cut it with a knife.

"You know you like me girl," I whispered in her ear as I made another shot, causing her to smile and laugh as we continued shooting baskets.

"Wanna dance?" she asked me as she offered me her hand, and the next thing I know I was out there dancing with her as every eye in the building was on us.

"If we weren't stuck here in this hospital and playing by their rules, you and I both know that we'd be fucking later," I told her as we danced, bumping and grinding to the point that my cock started to grow in the hospital-issued ensemble I was in.

"Who says we have to play by their rules?" she asked me as she winked at me and pulled me close to her, starting to lead me off between the buildings as we continued flirting with each other.

"I like your style," I told her as she pushed me against the wall of one of the units, neither of us caring if we got caught and punished for what we were about to do.

"And, of course you know I have a boyfriend. So once we we're on the outside, whatever we do here stays here," she told me, laying out the only real ground rules we had for this as she hit her knees and started feeling around for my cock.

"I can live with that. But how far do you intend to go with me anyway, Angel O'Mine?" I teased her as she fished out my cock, smiling and moaning when she saw how hard it already was for her.

"All the way. We're gonna go all the fucking way baby..." she teased me as she started stroking my dick with her hands, laughing at the way she had control over me.

"OH FUCK..." I hissed as her lips wrapped around my cock, her hands holding it in place as she started to suck away on it.

"I've always been great at sucking cocks," she arrogantly told me as she worked me over, her eyes filled with lust for me as the deep-seated feelings we had been building for each other started to come out.

"I...bet...you're...a...good...fuck...too..." I hissed through gritted teeth as she continued to work me over, her eyes closing as I pushed my dick to the back of her throat and started fucking her face.

"You're one of the lucky ones that's gonna get to find out..." she teased me, dragging her nails along my balls and giving them a squeeze as they started to fill with cum, and moaning in my ear as I placed my hands on the back of her head, fucked her face a few more times, and started to cum down her throat.

"Cumming," I moaned out as my hips lurched into her face one last time, Angel squeezing my balls as I shot my cum to the back of her throat and watched as she hungrily drank it down.

"Take me. Right out here in front of everybody," she whispered as we started to make out, my hands pulling at her clothes as they squeezed at her tits and her ass, before making their way between her legs.

"I'm going to fuck your pussy better than your boyfriend ever will baby," I whispered to her, the dirty talk and the thrill of what we were about to do turning her on as I lined my cock up with her cunt lips and slowly slid it into her, giving her every chance to back out.

"You know I'm gonna cum inside you, right?" I teased her as I pinned her to the wall and started thrusting in and out of her, Angel throwing her head back against the building as she wrapped her legs around me.

"I'd be disappointed if you didn't...OHGOD fuck me..." she hissed as I pounded away on her tight little pussy, her walls clamping down tightly around my cock as I brought my mouth to her tits and started sucking on them.

"I'm really fucking you good, aren't I?" I teased her as she bit my shoulder, moaning into it as I continued to thrust in and out of her tightening cunt.

"Make me cum you bastard!" she snapped at me, throwing her hips back into mine and beginning to furiously hump my dick as it moved back and forth inside of her.

"Cum for me, my Angel. I want to feel your tight, hot little pussy cumming for me as I fill you up with my seed," I softly whispered to her as she threw her head back one final time and came for me, shouting out in orgasm as her fluids drenched my cock.

"Cumming," I whispered in her ear as I pinned her to the wall and buried myself up to my balls inside of her, her walls applying more and more pressure on my dick until I could take no more and came with a grunt into her pussy, shooting gobs of my thick, sticky seed deep into her womb.

"Well...I guess they're going to have put me on birth control now..." she teased me as I thrust into her a few more times, shooting a few more loads into her before finally pulling out of her.

"Meet me in the quiet room later if you want some more of this..." she told me as she winked at me and hurriedly put her clothes back on, rushing off to go back inside as I followed closely, but not too much so, behind her.

"I was beginning to think you wouldn't show..." she told me when she saw me entering the room, smiling and winking at me as she removed the blanket she was using to cover up her goodies, spreading her legs for me and showing me her glistening pussy as I climbed on top of her and started making out with her.

"MMM..." she moaned into my mouth as my hands roamed between her legs, her back arching as I started to finger her.

"OHGOD...FUCK YES..." she hissed as three of my fingers slid up into her cozy pussy, her eyes beginning to roll back in her head as she threw her head back against the leather couch.

"Tell me what you want Angel..." I whispered in her ear as she threw her legs around me, my fingers leaving her soaked pussy as my cock started nudging against it.

"I want your hot cock to fuck my tight, slutty little pussy all night long..." she moaned as she pulled me in for a kiss, our tongues dancing as my cock plunged into her pussy and started thrusting in and out of her again.

"Is that all?" I teased her as we swapped spit again, her legs squeezing as tightly as they could around my waist as my cock buried itself inside of her.

"Then I want your cum inside of me," she bellowed, her eyes crossing as she started screaming my name, testing the limits of the so-called quiet room.

"Fuck me...harder..." she hissed as I began to suck on her tits, her walls starting to pull and tug on my cock as she started to cum all over it.

"UH," she whispered as her cum painted my dick, her eyes rolling back into her head as I gave her a few final thrusts and buried myself inside of her right as my cum started spewing into her again.

"Here comes round two," I whispered to her as I shot my load into her, spraying my seed deep into her pussy as she held onto me with both arms and both legs.

"MMM...so hot..." she whispered as I slowly began to pull out of her, her walls finally relaxing their grip on me as we started to make out again, Angel arching her back in a way that was clearly designed to get me back inside of her.

"I have a better idea baby. Bend over the couch for me," I told her as she playfully pushed me off of her and stumbled to her feet, doing as she was told and bending over the couch as I came up behind her and aimed my cock at her pussy once more.

"That's the wrong hole John," she whispered softly to me when I aimed a little lower, pushing my cock up against her ass cheeks.

"No it isn't. It's exactly the one I was aiming for," I teased her as I started fucking her ass, her anal ring putting a tight grip on my cock as I grabbed her hips and pulled them back into mine.

"FUCK...take it out...it hurts..." she whimpered as my cock tore up her anal walls, her fingernails digging into the fabric of the couch as my cock had its way with her ass.

"Relax Angel. Relax baby. I don't want to hurt you. I want to make you feel good," I told her as she started pushing her hips back into mine, her cunt starting to trickle its contents down her legs as she came for me again.

"FUCK..." she purred as she threw her head back, her body going stiff as a board as I grabbed her hips, pulled them back into mine, and came deep into her ass, spreading my seed throughout her bowels.

"Please put it back in my pussy..." she begged me as I pulled it out of her ass, her cunt already wrapping itself around my cock as I aimed it at her opening again.

"Don't have to tell me twice," I told her as I slid back inside of her, her walls already putting the squeeze on my dick as I started thrusting in and out of her again.

"FUCK..." she softly whispered as my dick moved back and forth inside of her, her cunt clamping down on it as my cock continued to pound away on it.

"I think we need to take a break after this one..." I whispered to her as I looked outside the door and saw all of the hospital staff watching us get it on, my dick bulging in size yet again as I held it inside of her.

"Not before you cum in me again," she moaned out as I grabbed her hips and started pulling her back into mine, her pussy beginning to apply pressure to my cock again as she came for me, coating it in another load of her juices.

"Here it comes," I teased her as I grabbed a hold of her hips and started quickening my thrusts into her, her walls putting the squeeze on me as I held myself balls-deep inside of her.

"UH," we both grunted as I let loose with my final load inside of her, thick, sticky streams of my seed flooding into her pussy and filling up her womb as I ground my cock into her cunt, ensuring every drop of it found its way inside of her.

"Should've told me we were being watched," she teased me as I pulled out of her, finally seeing with her own eyes that we had been spied on.

"It was worth it, though," I teased her as we shared a final kiss and broke things up, quickly getting dressed and walking out of the room to face the music together.

"You can say that again. I'll always remember this John," she told me as the hospital staff attempted to break us up and send us back to our rooms.

"And I'll always remember you Angel," I told her, blowing her a kiss as we turned to go opposite directions, quite sure we had just sentenced ourselves to a lifetime in the funny farm over one night of passion.