 My light brown hair, almost blond, came down below my shoulders. I put on a little make-up, a touch of lip gloss and a little mascara to emphasize my green eyes. The tight black skirt came down mid thigh and clung to my ass. I shaved my pussy, having read that guys like that. The silky white thong barely covered my bare pussy and felt great on my ass. I wore the white satiny blouse that was cut low and the push-up bra that revealed my cleavage---glad I was blessed with big tits. I tied a small black scarf around my neck. The high heel shoes looked perfect with the skirt and a dash of the perfume added to the feeling that I looked and felt sexy.  

Wondering if I was a little overdressed for a basement apartment, I walked down two flights of stairs, trying to be calm and there I was in front of his apartment. I knocked and waited and when he opened the door, he was wearing jeans and a white t shirt and no shoes. He had recently showered because his long grayish hair was still wet.  

"I never wear shoes, " he said as he let me in. He smiled, his eyes moving up and down my body. "Nice, " is all he said, looking into my eyes. 

"Thanks, " I responded as I walked in and glanced around the small room. Two walls were filled with books and several books lay open on the floor next to a dark green chair with a lamp next to it. A closed laptop sat on a small desk. A round oak table was near the kitchen and was set with two bowls and candles.  

"I made us some soup--more of a Moroccan stew, " he said. "I hope you haven't had dinner yet."

"No, just half a tuna sandwich after you left." I looked at the table."Soup would be great. I never had anything Moroccan, " I added, surprised that he made dinner. 

"And I have some bread in the oven. It's almost done."

"You bake bread, " I said, even more surprised.     

"Yes I like to cook and I've been baking bread for years."

"I have to admit I was not expecting this when you left and told me you were going to give me what I was looking for." 

"I'm going to--maybe even more than you are looking for, " he said with a sly, playful look in his eyes as he walked towards the stove. He bent down and took out a round loaf of bread, tapped his thumb on the bottom to make sure it was done and put it on the counter. 

"Smells good, " I said. "You are full of surprises, aren't you?" I smiled."I'm still reeling from this afternoon."  

"Me, too. I didn't expect anything would happen when I went to fix your sink, but you looked so hot and so vulnerable at the same time, I knew I wanted you and I knew you wanted me."

"That's never happened to me before. I mean, you were right, I came here to get away from my town where everybody saw me as a good girl. I'm so shy and wanted to break out of being what people expected. I want excitement. I want passion, but didn't think it would happen so fast."

"I know, " he said, nodding. "And it takes courage to leave the familiar for the unknown."   "I know I am taking a chance. I don't know anyone here and that's what I wanted—to be a stranger and let the real Molly out, " I said, somehow feeling I could be open and honest with him.

"I can help you, " he said. "I think you are really pretty and sexy but I also see the frightened little girl in you."

"You do? What do you see?"

"I see innocence, shyness, goodness, pain—lots of pain, but I also see a passionate woman who has been hiding her sexuality, her need to be loved, her need to satisfy her lust. You are hungry to feel everything there is to feel. You are an angel filled with goodness and a passionate lustful woman who wants to fuck like a slut." 

I was stunned how he described me. His use of the word slut stirred something deep in me and suddenly I felt a stirring between my legs. I remembered my on-line name Angel Slut.

"You're amazing. You're so right, "I said feeling he was seeing into my soul. I was getting turned on by how he spoke and looked at me. 

Just then he came close, looking me in the eyes. He put his arms around me, moving his hand up and down my back and then started rubbing and squeezing my ass. His touch was gentle and firm. I wrapped my arms around his back, grinding my pussy against his bulging cock. It was as if he were reading my mind.  

"You look so hot in that dress, "he said, looking into my eyes then lowered his head and kissed my tits as they rose out of my tight low cut blouse.  His mouth kissed my tits while his hand gripped my ass pulling me harder against his cock.

"I want you to be my slut, " he said, looking into my eyes.  

I was stunned by his words but somehow he knew I was a good girl who wanted to be bad. He knew I wanted raw animalistic sex and he was going to give me that.        "You want a man to fuck your brains out like we did this afternoon."

I pushed my pussy harder against him, grinding into his cock. His hand gripped my ass tighter.

"I'm right, aren't I?"

"Maybe, " I said, looking into his eyes, smiling.  

"You want to let go and be wild and uninhibited, don't you?"  Yes, you know what I want, " I said, looking into his eyes, "and now I'm going to take it." 

Suddenly, I pushed him hard towards the dark green chair forcing him to sit down. I kicked off my shoes, looking down at him, my legs wide apart, my tight skirt high on my thighs. I couldn't believe I was doing this. What was coming over me, giving me the courage to take charge? 

Kneeling down between his legs, I looked into his eyes, unbuttoned his jeans, pulled down the zipper and grabbed his hard cock-- my eyes fixed on it then moved my mouth close, my tongue licking it. I had never done this before and was surprised at my aggressiveness.

He leaned back in the chair, his legs spread apart. I gripped his hard cock in my hand, loving how warm and hard it felt standing straight up in front of me. I had never looked at a cock before, the mushroom head, the thick vein and now my mouth was salivating to devour it. I never wanted anything more then to take his cock in my mouth.                             I moved my tongue slowly up and down the underside of his pulsing cock, licking along the thick vein then licking the head like it was a big lolli-pop then licking the tip of his cock with the tip of my tongue, teasing him, tasting him as he writhed on the chair. 

"Oh yeah, that's it, that feels so good, " he said, grabbing my hair as I took the head of his cock in my mouth, moving my wet lips over the rim, licking, swallowing and moaning as it filled my mouth.  I had never given a blow job but somehow followed my instinct. His moaning was making me hungrier for his cock. I gripped the base of his shaft with my hand and bobbed my wet mouth up and down his cock, my hand squeezing, my mouth moving faster and faster, loving the sucking slurping sounds of my wet mouth as I swallowed his big cock. 

"Ohhhhh yes, that feels so good!" he said, pulling my hair and lifting his ass off the chair, fucking my mouth. 

As I sucked his cock, I put my hand under my dress which was already up to my hips, cupping my thong covered pussy and started rubbing it hard as I devoured his cock. I moved the thong aside and shoved two fingers in my pussy and started fucking myself as I bobbed faster on his cock, licking and sucking it deeper and harder. 

"I'm going to cum, " he yelled and I could feel his cock swelling, making my mouth go even faster on his cock and my fingers go faster in my pussy. I devoured his cock, bobbing harder and faster. 

Suddenly he screamed and exploded, his hot cum gushing into my mouth and dripping down my chin. Just as he exploded, my frantic fingers took me over the edge and a huge orgasm swept over me and I screamed out, "Ohhhhhhhhhyes!Ohhhhh yes oh god oh my god!"  

He looked down at me kneeling on the floor between his legs as I came all over my hands and his cum on my mouth, my tongue moving over my lips, wanting to swallow every drop. I had never tasted cum before but loved the warm salty taste. I loved the power I had to make him cum in my mouth. 

He sat back in his chair, his legs spread, his limp, wet cock hanging over his open jeans. I was on my knees, my tight dress up over my hips, my wet thong exposed. We were both breathing heavily, looking at each other, trying to absorb what had just happened. 

"You learn fast, " he said, smiling.  

"Maybe I have a good teacher, " I said, smiling, looking into his eyes.

We sat quietly a moment then he reached forward, took my hands and pulled me to him. I laid my head on his lap and he ran his fingers gently through my hair. Neither of us spoke.

"How about some soup, " he asked after a few minutes of quiet. 

"Good idea. Now that I had an appetizer." 

He chuckled and moved forward. I stood up and he wrapped his arms around me and I felt so good. I felt safe. I suddenly felt I could say and do anything I wanted.

He then went to the stove and said, "Bring me your bowl and we'll have some dinner."  

He filled my bowl and his then sliced the bread and brought it to the table with a small plate of butter. He moved smoothly and looked comfortable.  He sat down, his chair not far from mine. I was glad he didn't sit on the opposite side of the table.

"I think I am going to like being your maintenance man, " he said, smiling. I loved how he looked me directly in the eyes when he spoke. 

"I bet you know how to fix lots of things, " I said, smirking. 

"I do, so just call me anytime you're in need--even if it's the middle of the night and you need something taken care of. I'd be glad to be of service." 

"Sounds like you really love your work, " I said, taking a sip of the soup. "Mmmmmm this is delicious, Jesse. Almost as good as the appetizer."

"Thank you, "he said, chuckling and nodding.

I could not believe I was having this playful conversation with a man I had just met. Somehow, my shyness vanished. Here I was in his apartment having dinner after giving him a blow job."Is this me?" I asked myself. "Is this really happening? Where is this going?" My mind was spinning with disbelief.  

"Hey, stop thinking, " he said. 

I was stunned that he said that as if he could read my mind. 

"So who are you?" I asked."You seem to know everything about me but I don't know anything about you except you like to fix things."    

He dipped a piece of bread in his soup, brought it slowly to his mouth, took a bite and looked at me with that wonderful smile on his lips.

"Well, believe it or not I will be sixty in April, but I feel like I'm in my thirties."

"Sixty! No way. You don't look or act like your sixty." 

"Thanks. I know it's trite to say age is just a number but the fact is you're old when you think you're old. I don't care how old I am or how old you are." 

"Me either, " I nodded."Anyway, I think I like older men."  

"Good, " he said, pushing his empty bowl away. "Anyway, I used to be a teacher and got out of that after ten years of realizing how bad the schools were. I had ideas of how I wanted to teach but got in trouble too many times so I just walked out." 

"What did you teach?" 

'English and history. Now I'm a writer—stories, poetry. I'm almost finished a novel."

"Wow I love to read, but you wouldn't approve of what I like to read." 

"Hey Molly, I don't judge. You don't need to worry about my approval."

"That's good, " I said, liking his attitude. "I grew up around disapproval. My mom made me dress all prim and proper. My teachers, my church, my friends all expected me to be a certain way and I was trapped."

"So here you are rebelling and escaping your prison."       "Right. I needed to get away so I wouldn't smother to death. I wanted to feel alive and real. I read these romance stories filled with passion and sex and that's what I want—that's what I hoped I would find."

"And here we are."

"Yes, I can't believe I just arrived yesterday and here I am fucking the maintenance man on the kitchen floor on my first day." I loved being able to talk to him like this saying the word "fucking" out loud to a man was unbelievable. I could not believe this was actually happening—the real Molly was breaking out and the thought of all my sexual fantasies coming true swirled through my mind. 

"You want a fuck buddy, don't you?" 

"Yes, a fuck buddy, " I repeated, chuckling. I had never heard that term before but it sounded exciting. "That's what I want." 

"It's honest. No games. No expectations. No pretense-just two people wanting to pleasure each other with no strings."

"Sounds like we both want the same thing, "I said, suddenly getting turned on by his words. 

"The trick is keeping it simple. Not letting it turn into anything more—that's when it can get messy. But you never know what life has in store for you. Things just happen and you go along for the ride."  I nodded and leaned back in my chair to relax. My skirt rising high on my thighs. When I sat back, he turned his chair towards me, lifted his leg and with his bare foot moved my legs apart. I wasn't sure what he was doing until he suddenly pressed his foot against my pussy and started rubbing me. God that felt good. 

I opened my legs wider and closed my eyes as he played with me-- his foot and my small satiny thong pressed against my wet pussy.  

I opened my eyes and loved how he was watching me, knowing he was getting me hot. I wanted to get him hot too, so I did the same. I lifted one bare foot, moving it between his leg and pressed the arch of my bare foot against the bulge in his jeans. He closed his eyes and his head fell back as the sensation from my foot shot through him.

"Molly, you learn how to play fast, " he said moving his foot harder up and down my soaked thong and aching pussy.

"Ohhh Jesse that feels so good, " I shifted forward, grinding my pussy harder against his foot, wanting to fuck it. He was driving me crazy. I could not believe what a slut I was becoming. I was crazed and wanted his big cock ravishing me. 

I pushed my foot harder against his cock, grinding into him with more intensity while shoving my pussy harder against his foot, my lust overpowering me with the need to explode causing me to shout, "I want your cock. I want it now! Fuck me!" 

"No, not yet, " he said, smiling devilishly, pushing his heel against my pussy then suddenly pulling it away, leaving me stunned and desperate

"Oh no! Don't stop! Please! Don't do this to me!" 

Jessee looked at me, his foot barely an inch from my soaked pussy, my heart beating madly, my breathing heavy, my nipples hard. Suddenly, I pulled down my tight blouse and bra, my big tits spilling out. I leaned back in the chair, grabbing my tits, rubbing them hard, pinching and twisting my nipples, squirming forward in my chair, my legs wide apart, lifting my hips and thrusting my pussy towards his foot, unable to reach it. I was so close. I could feel its heat and I wanted it more than anything causing me to squirm and stretch towards it. I was becoming a desperate slut and all I wanted was to be fucked hard---nothing else mattered. He smiled looking into my hungry eyes as I strained to fuck his foot like it was his cock. 

Suddenly I leaped up off the chair and straddled his legs, my tight skirt rising to my hips and I came down hard against his bulging cock. I moved my aching pussy up and down the length of his cock, the barrier of my soaked thong and his jeans driving me even crazier. I was insane when he grabbed my ass pulling me harder against his stiff pole. I couldn't stand it any longer and sat straight up and reached down between my legs to unbuttoned his jeans then unzipped them. His eyes were fixed on mine as I grabbed his hard cock and pulled it out, grasping it in my hand, feeling it throbbing as I held it straight up. With my feet on the floor, I lifted myself and moved my tiny thong aside and suddenly slammed down on his rock hard cock, the sensation of it impaling me, filling me, overwhelming me. I gasped then screamed, "Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhmygod you're so big!"   "Ride me! Ride me! Come on Molly take my cock for a ride!" 

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh Fuck! I screamed, my hair flailing, my tits bouncing just above his mouth. The power of my riding him pushed the chair back and just as it felt like it was going to tip over backwards, he lifted me off of him, stood up, quickly moved the dishes aside then roughly turned and pushed me down on the table, crushing my tits against the surface. He grabbed my hands and stretched my arms over my head. I gripped the edge of the table as he leaned over my back, his hands moved to my hips, his legs spreading my legs wide apart before suddenly thrusting his cock into me fast and hard. I was on the verge of exploding in a huge orgasm, his hard cock thrusting faster and harder, opening me like never been before.

"Fuck me!Fuck me!" I screamed, loving those words coming out of my mouth as he rammed his cock into me like a hot piston driving a long hard rod into my cunt.      

"Take my cock you slut! Take it! Take it! Take it! you little slut, " he yelled with each hard deep thrust. His words and his pounding cock made my pussy grip him even harder and suddenly, I let go as my whole body convulsed and sent shock waves throughout my body. "Ohhhhhhhhhgod! I'm cummmmming! Don't stop! Just fuck me!" He kept thrusting harder and harder through my orgasm and just as I was about to climax again, I felt his body tense, his cock swelling in me and he screamed, "Ohhhhhhhh Molly! I'm cummmmmmmmmming!"

The sensation of his hot cum shooting into my exploding pussy caused me to scream with him—our loud voices filling the small apartment with our ecstatic yelling. He then collapsed on my back, his cock still in me as we both lay gasping for air on his table. I loved the weight of his warm body on me. I could not move.         He kissed my shoulder and my neck as he lay on me. I did not release his cock, keeping it trapped deep in my pussy. His kisses were so soft and gentle. I could not believe this was me being kissed so tenderly with a cock in my pussy. I was dizzy with emotion and sensations I had never felt before. 

Just then he lifted me off the table, took my hand and moved me to the small single bed on the other side of the room. We lay down and he embraced me then pushed me gently on my side facing away from him so that we were spooning.He wrapped me in his arms and I rubbed his hands as he held me. I felt so content. I closed my eyes and I think we both fell asleep.  

When I woke up, I turned and saw Jesse was asleep, his arms gently resting on me. I lay there feeling his warm body, listening to his quiet breathing, so many thoughts and feelings spinning in my mind. I could not believe I had just arrived that day to start my new life and never expected I would meet a man like Jesse on my first day.

After a few minutes, I felt Jesse stirring. I turned my head towards him. He opened his eyes and looked up at me and smiled. He rubbed my thigh as we lay there quietly. He kissed my shoulder then the back of my head. I could feel his cock pressed against my round ass. We were both quiet, but his hand rubbing my thigh was soothing. Gently, he turned me on my back and leaned over me, smiling and looking into my eyes. Without speaking, he got between my legs, his cock pressed against my pussy. I looked up at him, our eyes locked on each other's eyes.  

"Want some dessert, " he said, softly. 

"Sure, " I smiled, looking into his eyes. 

We kissed and fucked again, only this time he entered me slowly, his body seemed light and his slow thrusting felt so tender. He pulled out even slower creating such an excruciating tingling in my pussy, I could barely move under him. I just wanted to savor the intense sensation of his cock going slowly in and out of my pussy. He looked into my eyes as he moved then stopped, his cock deep in me felt so big and I felt so full. After lying like that for a minute or two, he began to move in a small, slow screwing motion. I moved with him, my pussy gripping his cock, the slow movement driving me insane with wanting more. I started moving faster, lifting my ass of the bed to get him deeper. I wrapped my legs around his waist, pulling him deeper into me. Just then he pulled out slowly leaving me breathless. He looked down at me, smiled and then suddenly he thrust his cock into me hard and deep.  
