 Ahh the continuing saga of Angel’s stories. Yes, it is I, Angel, dear readers, back to tell another fabulous tale. Which one this time? Also, I thank whoever of you took the time to respond to my last story. I love feedback, feel free to send me more. As with all my stories, these are mostly true, with names changed to protect the guilty. All parties involved are over 18 and consenting adults. Do not read if explicit sex acts described offend you or if you are not 18.

*****************************************

As I mentioned before, I work in the kind of field that doesn’t take lightly to people having an open mind towards sex. I enjoy sex. I find it relaxing, exhilarating and downright mind blowing if done right. I don’t believe that the narrow minded dictates of a patriarchal society should dictate how I enjoy and lead my life. I have a web cam, I chat on Yahoo (Ooo wouldn’t you like to know the ID heehee), Msn, and a few other naughty places, but I don’t necessarily do it just to meet men to have sex with. I like talking to other people. I have found that it takes more than “Hey baby I lick pussy good” to get me going nowadays. I like a man who can talk to me, turn me on with his words first, and then tell me more about his sexual prowess. 

I started talking to James several months after my last major relationship. He was tall, (6’9!!) and broad shouldered, something I love in a man. He also wasn’t sure where he was going and had just gotten out of a relationship with someone he really had been hurt by. I wasn’t looking for anything too serious, just some fun and entertainment, maybe some dating. We had children the same age, so I figured at least my son would have a potential playmate too. God was I in for a big surprise. 

We had gone out a few times for dinner and what not when I picked him up for shopping the weekend before Christmas. His son was with his ex wife, mine was with his aunt, and we were going to Shop Till We Dropped. At this point, I still just considered us friends. We’d kissed once, but never had he said one thing about being really interested in me. We were out shopping and I noticed that he kept staring at my breasts. At first I thought I was imagining things, but it happened over and over. As I have mentioned before, I’m rather well endowed in that area. Now, don’t get me wrong, I’m not a size two with 38F tits, but more a real sized woman, plus sized, with large full breasts and thick milky thighs. I finally decided to corner him on it. 

“Are you enjoying yourself?” I asked innocently. 

“What? What do you mean?” I saw him look away quickly. 

”You’re staring at my tits! Geez, why don’t you cop a feel if it is that big a deal,” I laughed when I said this, thinking he wouldn’t. Well, I was mistaken. He leaned over quickly and copped a feel. I was shocked. I just stared at him. Mind you, I was still driving my car! 

“Um, excuse me” I said, and moved his hand. He sort of laughed.

“You offered!” He tried to pull that innocent look with me. It wasn’t working. 

“I was KIDDING!” I exclaimed. 

He sighed. 

“What?” I asked.


”I’m just horny, it’s been a while for me” he complained. I certainly knew how that felt! But then, before I knew what to expect, he took my hand and slid it up his thigh to his crotch. I guess I DIDN’T know how that felt!

Now, I’ve been around the block a few times, had my fair share of sex and men, but this guy’s bulge was huge. I know you read on here, or in other stories, “My man had a dick 10” long and 9” thick” and you all laugh. No one has a penis like that. Well, let me tell you: I met the whitest man I know and his dick is HUGE. I love what this man can do to me. I never got out the measuring line, but I know he’s as thick as a soda can and about 8” long. I always preferred thicker over longer and this guy did it for me. 

I just kept feeling around, shocked, waiting to figure out that this wasn’t his real penis, but it was bent or stuffed up or something. Finally he just undid his pants and pulled it out. I’m driving down 465 with a huge monster cock in my hand thinking, “God Bless America, I need this inside me”. I teased him, stroking it, and realized my hands couldn’t fit around him. He just leaned back in the chair and groaned as I touched him. The noises made my pussy wet. Finally, he lifted my hand off and readjusted his pants.

“Stop that, you’re going to make me cum!” he said. I know I had these evil little thoughts running through my head of ‘Hmm, I wouldn’t mind seeing that!’

Somehow we made it back to my house before we tore each other’s clothes off. I remember feeling these big broad hands touching me, pulling my sweater off and unhooking my bra. He worked with his hands, a welder he told me, and I felt them sliding around on me, touching me, his calluses rough and thick, and I got wet. I loved touching him, running my hands down his legs, over his ass, feeling that huge cock as we were undressing. He laid me down on the bed and kissed me, his hands, those thick fingers sliding down my tummy and between my legs. My pussy was soaked. He knew just where to touch me, how to rub my clit and make me squirm. Somehow, we ended up naked, falling back on my bed amidst the covers. 

His big thick welders hands spread my thighs so he could look at me while I slid my hand down to play with myself. He laid there on his side, his hand idly stroking that massive cock and watched me lick my middle finger then slide it down to my clit. I’m trimmed but still very natural and so I pushed through the wet pussy hair and found my clit. He leaned in, his mouth sucking softly on my nipple, his eyes glued to my face as I moaned and moved slowly, rotating my hips. He flicked my clit and then kissed down my tummy. I knew where he was heading and spread my legs to give him better access. His licked slowly over my clit, sliding that big thumb in and out of my pussy like he was fucking me. I groaned and could feel myself start to cum. He licked harder, grinding his tongue on my clit till I just started bucking against his face and pulling on him. 

“Now, now, now,” I just kept panting. He reached between his legs and guided that massive dick towards me. He nudged the head inside and then rotated slowly, giving me a chance to get used to his size. I could feel myself stretch to accommodate him. 

He leaned in and kissed me, his hips pounding a rhythm on my body. I dug my nails in and licked and nibbled on his neck, whispering in his ear. “Oh God yes, fuck me baby, give me that cock!” He obliged. Suddenly he pulled out. I remember looking up and he was panting and smiling at me. 


”Flip over,” he ordered. 

Ooo, I love doggy style. He pulled me up on my knees and bit my ass cheek. Spreading my legs wider, he rammed inside and started thrusting into me over and over. I could feel another orgasm building and I just let it ride over me. The man made me cum in ways I hadn’t dreamt about it. When things started to slow down, he pulled out of me, unsure where I wanted him to cum. 

“Wait,” I said, “I have an idea”. I pushed him on his back and laid down between his legs, putting my face next to his cock. Immediately he stiffed. He started playing with my hair, rubbing his dick on it, on my cheek, and smiling down at me. I locked my eyes with his as I slowly opened my mouth and started to try and suck his massive dick. I know I couldn’t get much more than the head in, but I made sure to lick and suck all my cum off of him. I let him watch as I took my tongue and used it on him like he was an ice cream cone. His hands tightened in my hair as he got closer and closer. I grabbed his dick with both hands, he grabbed my hair and held on tight, and I sucked as hard as I could, bobbing up and down, licking all over him and he suddenly came in my mouth. I swallowed as quickly as I could and kept licking. He was bucking and groaning, his hands tangled in my hair, just incoherent with his orgasm. 

Finally, he started to soften and I could fit all of him in my mouth. I finished cleaning him off while he twitched and brushed my hair. When I was done, he pulled me up to his face and kissed me. 

“Thank you baby,” he said. 

“Mmm.. thank you,” I replied. We pulled the blankets around us and rested for a few hours.