 Greetings readers! More in my "Angel" series of stories. Hopefully, you are reading this because you are not offended by graphic depictions of consensual sex between legal adults. If you are, please don't read any further! As always, I ADORE feedback. Please feel free to email or IM me to let me know what you think. Enjoy!

* * * * *

For those who don't know much about my stories or me, here is a short background. I'm 29 (Happy Birthday to me) and have known for years I was rather different from most of the people I grew up again. Do you believe in past lives? I think in mine I was a madam or a mistress because I love sex. I know some people say that but I mean it. Sometimes, I think I'm obsessed. I think about it, love to do it, love to be photographed, love being watched, listened to, thought about, etc. I have very few no no's and I'm open to almost anything except water sports and pain. I love men and love my body. I have lived my sexual life openly and freely, giving as I chose, not letting myself be bound my narrow-minded hypocrites who wish they were half the person I was. 

However, I don't usually take lovers lightly. I don't care for one-night stands and don't do them often. What's the point? I prefer finding a man who can make me scream again and again. I am a plus sized gal and my type is easy to find - nice big thick men with strong arms and broad shoulders. I want a solid guy between my legs, not some skinny pretty boy who spends more time in front of a mirror than I do. I'm 5'6 and short legged, big busted, and curvy. I tan well but I'm mostly milky white. I have dark brown eyes and short shaggy brown hair with full lips and a great smile. 

It's been quite a while since I last sat down and wrote out some of my stories and so I thought I'd settle in and work on one while I had a few days to myself. Let me take you back a few years ago. It was November 2002. I had recently stopped seeing someone and was working on just settling back into single life. I had no real desire to be in a relationship, but I was open to finding a nice lover, someone who wouldn't interfere with what I had going on in my life except when I wanted them to. Enter Sgt. Warren. Mmm. Have I mentioned how much I love a man in uniform? Broad shoulders - check. Strong - check. Big - check. My father was a Marine and so I knew what I was getting into - strong aggressive minded and blunt. Okay. Let's go with this one.

We talked off and on for a few weeks before it finally came out that he was closer than I thought he was. I'd been more leery lately with all the online worries out there. He worked at the airport down the road from me doing security and we decided to meet for lunch. I honestly hadn't thought much of it before we met. I knew he was a little older than I normally went for and wasn't sure that he was looking for the same things. We hit it off immensely. He bought us some lunch and we spent his lunch hour talking and laughing. When he left, he gave me a quick hug and I felt how hard and strong he was through his jacket and suit pants. Surprisingly, I couldn't stop thinking about him. When I got home, I already had email from him waiting for me. 'Can't stop thinking about you - want to get a drink tonight?' I hadn't thought he was that interested at all!

Hmmm. A drink. I was surprised and told him so but agreed to meet him. I sent him an email with my address and talked off and on to him while I got ready. When he arrived after work, he knocked and I let him in. I remember him staring at me when I sat down to put on my shoes and looking up to ask him what was wrong. He just said nothing but kept looking at me. Now I was feeling self-conscious! Finally I stood up and he just grabbed me and kissed me. I felt my knees get weak; the man was an amazing kisser! I kissed back, tugging on his shirt as he wrapped his arms around me. I'm never one to turn down a prime opportunity and here was one all wrapped up and ready to play right in front of me. He pulled back and looked at me. 

"I've wanted to do that all afternoon!" he exclaimed. "God you have the most kissable lips!" 

"I didn't think you were interested. " I started in. 

"Oh no, I am. Just didn't think you liked older men" was all he said. 

"Oh no, I do!" I reassured him. He was kissing me again before I finished the sentence. 

His hands were everywhere. We hadn't even moved away from the doorway. I felt him push me back against the wall and grind against me. I had my hands inside his winter coat and was pushing it down his shoulders. It was like something had snapped in both of us and we were wild to get our hands on each other. He was holding on to my hips and pushing his hips against mine while I just ran my hands all over his shoulders and chest. We never stopped kissing. He moved his hand up my shirt and over to my breasts and started slowly caressing them as we kissed. I pulled away from him and grabbed his other hand and put it on top of my breasts too. 

"Touch me," I panted as I put my lips to his ear to nibble and suck on the lobe. My hands were on his shoulders, our feet spread apart while he slowly flicked and teased my nipples through my bra. He pushed up my shirt and cupped his hands over the top of the lace, teasing the nipples through it. I instantly got soaking wet. I could feel my pussy tingle and my nipples go rock hard. I knew I was breathing hard and I reached down and pulled his ass towards me, wanting to feel him hard and grinding against my crotch. He slid his lips to my ear and started whispering dirty things to me.

"Want to feel that do you?" he asked softly, his tongue licking my neck lightly. "Want to dig those nails into my back while I fuck you?" he growled. I was moaning and my knees were weaker. "Want me to make you scream as you cum on my cock?" I couldn't believe how turned on I was and he hadn't done anything but touch my nipples and kiss my lips! I pushed him away from me and reach up quickly to unhook my bra. When my breasts fell into his waiting hands, he pushed them up and squeezed them together and started to suck and bite on them. I grabbed his face and pushed it into my tits. I was going nuts, I could feel my orgasm building up and we weren't even really naked!

Before I could stop him, he grabbed my waist and fell backwards. I know I let out a short yell because I was so startled but he had a hold of me and he aimed us for the couch. Thankfully, we made it. I landed on top of him and automatically sat up straddling him. Now I could really feel the outline of his dick as I was sitting right on top of it. I remember rubbing myself against the seam of the jeans I was wearing and feeling my clit get harder as I ground my self against him. He still had his hands on my torso so he lifted them up, taking my shirt with them. I was topless on my couch, straddling a man I hadn't known 24 hours who was rock hard and squeezing my tits and pushing his dick against me. Wow.

I leaned down and teased him with my tits. I'm large chested, 46DDD (no I'm not lying), and so when I leaned up my nipples pointed right at his lips. I kept moving my hips as I drug one across his open lips and then the other. Finally I squeezed his head in between them and shook him lightly. I could hear him laughing softly and I pulled back a bit. A muffled "Now I can die happy!" came from where I thought his mouth was and I started laughing too. He rolled us over, off the couch and landed gently on top of me. Suddenly, I wasn't laughing. 

He leaned back as I laid there touching him and took off his shirt. I played with my nipples, licking them, and teasing them. He was trying to take off my pants when I decided to take charge. Tugging off my jeans, I pushed him down my legs and slid out from under him. With him leaning back against the foot of my couch, I kneeled in front of him and undid his belt. He immediately grinned. I opened his pants to get a look at this cock I couldn't wait to feel and taste. He popped right out of his boxers and was probably about 7". He wasn't too thick or too big, more like just about right. I leaned in and licked the top of his cock as I looked up at him. 

We laid back to get comfortable and I jerked his dick for him while he pushed his pants down further on his legs. I leaned over his stomach and cupped his balls as I touched him. He laid his head back and groaned. "God," he said, "it's been at least 3 or 4 months since someone did that!" I guess being new in town had its disadvantages. I opened my mouth and put my lips around the head, sucking in as I slid my mouth all the way over him. Since he wasn't too long, I could take him most of the way before I gagged. I don't get the whole deep throating thing, I've never been able to do it without almost making myself sick, but I try! With him in my mouth I started squeezing the base of his dick and sucking and licking my way back up. I moaned while I did this, knowing the vibrations would keep working him up. 

I don't know if he watched me or not. I just let him lay back and play with my hair while I sucked his dick. I could feel his thighs tensing up and I knew he was getting closer. Not wanting a mouth full of cum, I pulled back and looked up at him. His eyes were closed and he was breathing through his mouth. He opened them and looked at me, grinning. He rolled us back over so he was on top of me again and spread my legs. 

"I thought I would let you know, I'm going to fuck you till you scream now," he whispered softly as he leaned down to suck on my neck. His hands were on my thighs, spreading them wider so he could slide closer to my vagina. I moved my hips, trying to scoot down so I could wrap my legs around him. "No no," said, "I'm in charge of this ship now". He grabbed my hands from his chest and pulled them up over my head. He pushed forward and I felt him slide the head of his dick inside me. I groaned and tried to wrap my legs around him again. He pushed all the way in and bit down on my neck. I screamed softly in shock and locked my ankles behind his ass. 

"Oh fuck yes!" I yelled and started moving my hips. He slid in and out finally letting go of my hands so I could hold onto him. I could feel my self start to cum as soon as he got a good rhythm going. It had just been too long for me. He felt me and started to speed up. Sucking on my neck, my ears, my nipples, moving his hands over my body, I just kept moaning and egging him on. He pulled back and pulled out, jerking himself off on my tits. 

We saw each other off and on for several months before he finally gave up the ghost and got sucked back into getting back together with his estranged wife. I still hear from him and we reminisce about the good times we had. Who knows what the future holds?