 I'm sure some people will wonder why I get on here and write these stories for all the perverts out there to read. I don't know. I know like I've said before, I'm into sex more than the average girl, but I just find that I enjoy knowing that someone is sitting out there with his dick out reading my story. That by what I write, they are vicariously getting off on something that got me off so well. Standard disclaimer: If you are offended by graphic descriptions of consensual sex between two legal aged adults, please don't read any further and consider getting some help; you have issues. Here is another in my Angel's Adventures series. I'm a lot younger, but still legal. I hope you enjoy reading it as much as I enjoyed doing it! 

* * * * *

May, 1995 – I'm back home in my town and it's race season. I've never said exactly where I live, but let's just say there's this AMAZING race in the month of May. I'm almost 20 and living life to it's fullest. My college classes are out and I hadn't started work yet so there was nothing to stop me from going down to the track's strip and enjoying the night before the race activities. For anyone who's ever been to my fair city, they know that while the race was big, back in the 90's, the snake pit and the "strip" around the track was bigger. 

Back then, I was cute and curvy with chest length brown hair, big brown eyes, and a truly impressive cleavage. I knew it too. I met this guy, John, through a friend of mine and we had gone out a few times. I wasn't too experienced yet and he was seriously older – 33 to my 19 years old. He was taking his time with me though, I'm sure he thought I was worth the effort. I was. I knew he was interested in me, but I also knew he was a bit of a player. He had dated several girls off and on and a few were still interested. Things had gotten interesting more than a few times when one of us ran into one of his exes. 

I dressed in the typical 90s style short skirt and tank top sets that were popular then. Mine was more of a schoolgirl style as it flared like the cheerleader/school girl skirts do. I have short legs so it hit above my knees instead of mid thigh. My tank top barely covered my chest. I had my breasts in a push up bra to make the most of them. I knew it would help if I wanted to get into any bars or get drinks tonight. I was going down there with friends, but I knew that if they decided to hook up, I was on my own to get home. Thankfully, I lived close enough to the track that I could hoof it if I had to. Hopefully, I wouldn't have to. 

We were drinking and partying our way down Georgetown Road when I ran into some of my girlfriend's friends who were an older set. I was the youngest and instead of letting that stop them, they took me with them, hoping I'd be able to get in. I did. Imagine my surprise when I ran into John flirting his way through the bar. I decided to sit back and let it see where things would guide me. Never one to turn away a free drink, I waved to my friends as they went to play pool and I sat down on a bar stool and waited. A nice enough guy soon joined me and we chatted for a bit while he bought me shots and tried to get me toasted. Unfortunately for him, I drank like a fish back then and a higher tolerance for alcohol than most of the frat boys at my school. He eventually wandered off and I decided now was the time to go torment John. Liquid courage coursing through my veins, I went out on to the dance floor and worked my around so that I'd be by him if he turned around. I didn't even bother to find a partner, but just let myself get caught up in the music. 

Eventually I "accidentally" bumped into John by stumbling. I let him catch me, my arms going up to wrap around his neck. "Oh, so sorry!" I said, pretending to try and catch my balance. His hands went to my waist and straightened me. 

"Angel?" he questioned. I pretended to not recognize him and peered up at him. 

"Yea?" I said. "Do I know you?" I asked, stepping back. We were now standing in the middle of the dance floor, with the girl John had been dancing with glaring at me. I thought she looked familiar, like maybe she was one of the ones he'd been with before me. 

"It's me, John," he said, "Um, Angel, ah, what are you doing here?" He looked around, realizing we were in a bar. 

"Oh, you know, night before the race, out with friends," I said, trying to pull off casual. I fake stumbled and let him catch me again. By this time, I knew I had him. I looked over at the girl and saw her try to grab his other arm. He sort of shook her off and grabbed my arm at the elbow, leading me off me the dance floor. 

"C'mon, let's get you out of here. I don't think you're in any condition to be out right now," he said. 

I turned and winked at the girl he left standing on the floor and leaned into him. Yes, I know I was a bitch. Never let it be said that I wasn't devious. I was right though, I did know her. That made this even sweeter. I held onto his waist and stumbled along. We made it to a quieter corner and he propped me up on some stools. I made sure my hair was down around my shoulders and my tank top gapped as I leaned slightly forward in the chair. 

"Angel, what are you doing in here?!? You're not even 21 yet!" 

I hissed at him to be quiet. "Are you trying to get me kicked out?!?" I asked. "I came with friends, they just ham.. happ.. happened to go off and do their own thing. Some nice guy bought me a few drinks. I was just... having fun," I said, blinking up at him innocently with my puppy dog eyes. 

Oh he was toast. I knew he was sinking. He just looked at me for a moment as I looked back. I'd like to think I knew what he was thinking but I didn't. I didn't care either. I knew I'd gotten what I wanted and that was his full attention. I honestly didn't care that he'd been with some other girl, I knew he was with me now. It just didn't matter. Something seemed to make up his mind and nodded his head. 

"C'mon," he started, grabbing my arm again. "Let's go get you some fresh air," he finished and helped me up. As we walked, I realized he was leading me towards the back, not the front and I stopped and looked at him. 

"Where are we going?" I asked, not sure if this was where I had wanted this situation to lead. 

"Out the back, it's easier than walking a drunk underage girl through the front doors. This way you're safer. Besides," he looked up and looked around. "I think I saw some cops up there. Wouldn't want to get in trouble, would you?" Cops? I didn't remember seeing any cops but God knew I didn't want to get busted. My parents would have cracked down horribly as I was stuck living with them for the summer. I let him lead me through the bar to the back and out through some side doors. 

The warm, humid air hit us and I took a deep breath. It was sticky out here, but it had been so smokey in the bar, and my allergies were killing me. I leaned against some boxes and crates stacked behind the bar and took a few deep breaths. It was actually rather quiet out this way. We were off the main drag and it was getting late enough that things were winding down. I felt a small twinge of guilt at leaving without letting my friends know where I was, like we had arranged, but I had my pager on me and I figured someone would page if they were worried. I knew John and they knew him. Hopefully mutual friends would connect and no one would call home. 

John just stood back with his arms crossed and watched me for a few moments. Like I said earlier, he was older than me but not much taller; only 5'9 to my 5'6. He smiled a little and walked towards me. He put a hand on either side of my head and leaned in real close. "You're not fooling anyone Angel. I know you're not drunk. You just wanted me away from Heather." 

'Uh oh,' I thought to myself, 'this is going in a different direction than I had originally planned'. I tried to look innocent and intoxicated at once. 

"I don't know what you mean!" I stated somewhat indignantly. By now he was against me thigh-to-thigh, chest to um.. cleavage. He had his arms bent, but still on either side of my head so that I was boxed in. I started to breath a little faster. 'Where was this going?' I remember wondering, but I know that somewhere deep inside I knew. 

"I think you do. I think you wanted to get me away from Heather and have me all to yourself. Now you do." He moved in for the kill. With his lips just a few inches from mine and his eyes locked on mine, he said "Now what do you plan on doing about that? You took away my date for the evening. Are you going to replace her?" and he kissed me. Not gentle, like he had before, but passionate and demanding. He pushed himself against me so I couldn't move and slid his hands down to lock our fingers, holding my hands at our sides. He kissed me harder and deeper than he ever had before. At 19, I'd only been with a few people and none were as experienced as he was making it obvious he was. I moaned and kissed him deeper, feeling excited and turned on by being held down even as gently as he was. It was like I had no choice in the matter, though I am sure if I had fought he would have let go. 

He eventually did let go and leaned back a little, putting one hand on my shoulder to play with my hair and the other on my hip, caressing softly and moving in circles. "Cat got your tongue?" he asked, a soft smirk on his face. I shook my head and leaned in to kiss him this time.

I put my hands on either side of his face, kissing deeply with my tongue. His hands were on my hips, pulling me up and towards him so he could push his crotch against me, letting me feel how hard he was. I was panting and caught up in the moment. No one had ever pushed me this far and turned me on this much. His lips were on my neck, sucking and nipping at me while I just clutched his shirt and moaned, kissing his ear and biting on the lobe. He moved a hand down to my thighs to push up my skirt even farther. Wrapping one my legs over his hip, he cupped my ass in his hand and slid a finger between my legs. I jerked up from his mouth on me and looked up at him.

"What are you doing?" I whispered. We were in a semi-public alleyway!

"Enjoying you, aren't you enjoying me?" he returned and pushed himself at me again. Now that my leg was higher, the bulge from his hard dick ground right up against my pussy and all that was between us was my panties and his jeans. I moaned. 

"Relax Angel, and see where things lead you.." With that mysterious statement, his started to kiss me again, then put his hand back up under my thigh so he could finger me. By this time I wasn't even holding myself up. I was leaning against the wall with most of my weight being held up by his body, one leg around his hip, my other just barely reaching the ground. 

I knew I was turned on and wet but hearing his finger slide inside me as well as feeling it was amazing. He slid right inside me and started to slowly finger fuck me as he mimicked the movements with his tongue. I remember groaning and just clutching at his shirt, feeling myself rotating my hips and squeezing that finger. 

His lips moved to my ear and I heard him whisper how tight I was. Of course I was tight! I had only been with 3 people before him and none in almost a year! He knew how to play my body like it was an instrument. He slid a finger over my clit and stroked it as he went in and out. I felt the orgasm coming on and opened my eyes to find him staring intently at me. 

"Cum on my hand, Angel. Cum for me," he asked. He pinched my clit hard and I did. I bit his shoulder and buried my face in his neck to muffle the moans I was letting out. My hips bucked against his hand and I started shaking. He just held on, pushing against me, moving his hand over my pussy slowly, feeling how much wetter I got. When I finally slowed down, I started kissing him all over, up and down. "Oh God, Oh God, Oh God, that was amazing! Oh yeah, oh yeah," I kept repeating, touching and kissing him. We hadn't gone that far before and I was wild with the passion inside me. 

When I finally stopped twitching I realized our position had changed. I could feel his skin on my thighs! Realizing he must have undone his pants, I froze, suddenly nervous and a little frightened. He calmed me by running his hands over my back and kissing me softly. "Just go with it, Angel, just relax, c'mon Angel, shhh" he whispered and slowly slid forward so that I could feel the head of his cock moving back and forth the lips of my vagina. He wound me back up again, teasing my clit with his dick until finally, he reached up and pinched my nipple. I gasped and he slid home, all the way inside me. It'd been so long that I felt like he was just filling me up. He had to be thicker than the guys I'd been with before. He kissed me and moved my other leg up over his hips so I could lock my ankles behind him. 

He started sliding in and out, teasing me with a little grinding motion that put the ridge on his dick rubbing around my clit. I just laid back against the bricks and tried to hold on for dear life. I knew John would get me off again, I could feel it coming and I just wanted it to go on forever. He pushed down the top of my tank and kissed my breasts, pulling one out to suck on my nipples. He bit softly on it, sucking and licking then blowing cool air. I worked my hips harder against him and started panting again. He replaced his lips with his hand and put the other under my ass to give him some more traction. We were moving faster and I know I was hitting the wall but I didn't care. I wrapped my arms and legs around him and just rode his dick, my skirt sticking to us both. I came immediately and he finally slowed down. 

Pulling back a bit, I felt him start to slide off me. "No, uynh, no, no," I begged. "Please don't stop!" I grabbed his shirt and tried to pull him back in with my ankles. 

"Don't worry baby, I'm not, we're just moving positions." He waddled us over to the boxes and crates and sat me down. "Bend over," he directed. Bend over? At that point I'd never done doggy and never even heard of it. 

"Bend over?" I whispered. "What are you doing?" By now I was cooling down a little and realizing my shirt was down, my skirt was up, God knew where my panties were and his pants were around his ankles! We were a wreck! I felt him move me, guiding me so that I laid down flat on the heavy box with my ass in the air and my hands on the other edge. He spread my legs, and then moved in closer. I felt so exposed, my naked butt up in the warm air for anyone to see. He fingered me for a moment, teasing my clit that was still so super sensitive from my two big orgasms. I just jerked against the boxes, grabbing the other edge and moving my butt up and down. "YES!" I hissed, "Oh yeah!" He leaned over and licked the bottom of my spine; right where my ass starts to flare outwards and then slammed his cock inside me. 

We had to be making a ton of noise but I didn't care. We fucked like two beasts for a bit longer, his hands holding my hips and guiding me while he slid in and out. I felt his finger tease my asshole, something no one had done before and it sent me into another smaller orgasm. I was just flying high riding this wave when I realized I heard something. I slowed down, but he didn't, sliding in and out faster, pushing me back and forth on him. I moved my head, trying to see out of the edge of my eyes. What was it I heard? 

"I'm gonna cum," he warned me and I just moaned. I was safe and I knew he was clean. Right as he came, I saw what I'd heard. Down the alley, one of the other doors had opened and someone stood with a bag of trash in their hand watching us, frozen. It looked like another shopkeeper in the strip mall and at the point, I didn't care. In fact, knowing this older guy was watching me get the fucking of my life in an alley like some little slut whore was turning me on more than anything else. I closed my eyes and rode out John's orgasm, enjoying it for what it was worth. He sort of half collapsed on top of me panting when he was done. He was still half inside me, I could feel his cock twitching and getting softer. Suddenly the whole situation came home to me and I started laughing. I wiggled my ass, trying to get him off me. 

"John, get up!" I tried to say quietly. "Someone's down there, watching us!" He looked towards where I had heard the noises. 

"I don't see anything now," he said. "I hope whoever it was liked the peep show," He laughed and stood up, kissing my flank as he did. I stood up on my shaky legs and tried to find my panties. John pulled up his pants and pulled a handkerchief out of his pocket. "Here," he said, "you can wipe up with this." 

We cleaned ourselves up and John finally drove me home that night. We didn't make it half way before having to stop and go at it again. But that, dear readers, is a story for another day.