 Ok everyone, you know the drill: You need to be over 18, not offended by graphic descriptions of consensual sex, wondering what other interesting things I'm going to write about, etc. etc. : ) This is a continuation of a string of stories called "Angel's Adventures". They each stand on their own, but are a back and forth of my encounters in the past. As usual, if you like it, let me know! Vote! Leave feedback! Email! Something! ~ Angel

**********************


Do you ever have one of those experiences that just seems, well, surreal? Sometimes I look back on the past two years and all the men I've been with and wonder if it means anything. Some of my experiences have been downright intense while others were just downright pathetic. I'll never forget the man who had – I swear – a 1" penis ~ HARD! I kid you not. No matter how well someone eats pussy some things are just NECESSARY in a sexual relationship, penis and pussy being two of them. Anyway, I was dating someone off and on for a few weeks, trying to decide if we liked each other and were going to "date" steadily. I decided I was bored one night while my sister in law had my son and ran down to the local Blockbuster to pick up a video. Before I go any further, I will say this: This Story Is 100% True. Everything you are about to read actually did happen to me. I'm not making it up. I've had some emails and messages asking if my stories are true. Yes They Are. Sure, some small details are fudged, but the whole gist of the thing (Yes he is that big ~Reference: Angel's Stories 02 and 03) is true. 

It was one of those slow hot afternoons you get in July; the ones where it feels like the humidity is just soaking your energy away. My son was at his Aunt's house and I was looking for something to do, so I decided to go down to Blockbuster off Mann and 465 (For those local boys who are reading). This isn't the nicest side of town, its a little older, kind of run down, but they still had a good selection. I was dressed casually, a pair of cotton shorts, tank top, cotton camp shirt and slip on tennis shoes. I wasn't thinking anything fancy when I got up and left, I was thinking about keeping myself cool.


I walked in and as I opened the door I noticed a few things. One, the place was dead for a Sunday afternoon. Two, I knew one of the guys working there; we had had a "thing" a few months before. He was wearing this bright orange shirt, while everyone else was in Blockbuster blue. It made it pretty hard to miss him, and he was grinning from ear to ear when he saw me walk in. 

"Hey Angel," I heard him say casually as I sauntered in. I grinned to myself. Man, I'd forgotten how good-looking he was!

"Hey Rob, how are you?" I answered. He was a handsome guy, short kind of shaggy light brown hair and the brightest sea blue eyes I've ever seen. I loved those eyes. I wandered over his way and we started to exchange small talk and idle ‘How-have-so-and-sos-been' while he watched the store. I realized that not only did he work there; he was a manager or an assistant or something, because the keys that were jingling around on the lanyard he was swinging were attached to an alarm sensor and had door keys with them. I didn't pay much attention to that information until later. 

We stood by the Drama section – Ah, Drama, How fitting! – and mindlessly chatted a bit of time away. For as slow as it was, there were enough employees around that we weren't ever really bothered. Our conversation got softer and naughtier as time progressed. We hadn't seen each other in a few weeks and so the usual questions came up. Were you still seeing so and so? Are you still with that guy? How are things (meaning Have you gotten laid recently?) going, etc. He had me breathing a little heavier as we talked about what we had done in the past to each other that had turned us both on. 

"I loved it when you sucked my dick," he whispered so soft I had to lean in for me to hear him. We weren't inches apart and he was looking down my blouse as he said it, his mouth turned away from the camera. I felt my nipples get hard and my pussy start to tingle. I brushed against him as I leaned over to pretend interest in something behind him. He could look straight down my tank and see my bra and impressive cleavage. 

"That's okay," I whispered back. "I loved sucking on it. You have a very nice, thick dick and I liked feeling you cum on me". At this point I knew we were both goners. My pussy was wet, my nipples looked like I had been hit with a huge blast of arctic air, and he was getting hard in his khaki shorts. I leaned back and tried to calm down by taking some deep breaths of air. I think I might have even been fanning myself with a brochure, trying to get the air that had seemed fine a few moments ago across my flaming cheeks. 

He stared at me for a few more moments before casually saying, "Hey, don't you have to go to the bathroom?" while swinging those keys on the lanyard. I was confused. I didn't have to pee. What was he talking about? I shook my head in response and he looked at me before eyeing the counter. I could see him mentally going over something before looking me in the eyes solidly and saying slowly, "Oh-didn't-you-have-to-go-to-the-bath-room?" with a shoulder shrug and a big eye movement towards the storage room/bathroom door. Suddenly it dawned on me and I felt stupid. 

"Ohhh, ya, now that you say, I DO have to use the restroom," I announced loud enough so that if someone was paying attention they would think it was innocent enough. "Would you happen to have a key?" I asked. He smiled and nodded sure and walked me over to the door. 

"Right in here, ma'am," he said and opened the door with a slight flourish. As I walked in he dropped his voice to add, "I'll be right back, don't lock it!" and shut the door quietly. I was in a storage room that doubled as a bathroom with a toilet and sink. It was cramped, but big enough I could hold my arms out at my sides and not touch anything. I just stood there for a second and suddenly felt my heart thumping in my chest like it was going to beat right up my throat. I've been wild and crazy before in things but at this point in my life, I was 25 years old and a mother of a young child – I shouldn't be trying to make out with hot guys in a BATHROOM of a public workplace! Wasn't there a law against that? And when ‘law against that' crossed my mind, I swear my pussy got wetter. The idea that I might be caught, might be being watched, might be being so naughty as to break the law sexually turned me on so much I could feel my panties getting wetter. I started panting a little harder, thinking about him walking through that unlocked door.

Suddenly, the door opened quickly and Rob walked through, and then shut it and I heard the lock click. He looked at me and I looked at him. Neither of us said anything, we just started at each other for a few seconds. Next thing I knew he had me in his arms, his face buried in my breasts, tugging my tank top down. 

"Oh God, I had to kiss these, I had to touch them, I just wanted to bend you over right there on the counter," he muttered as he kissed and licked my skin. I had my hands dug into his hair and was spread eagled a bit and leaning against some kind of storage rack. I felt the metal biting into my back and legs as he pulled his face up and held my cheeks to start kissing me. I've been kissed by lots of men lots of ways but I still remember Robs. They were like being kissed by a cloud of cotton candy. That sounds so stupid but no matter if he had shaved or not, his face always felt smooth and his lips were so soft. He had a way of moving his tongue in my mouth and on my skin that made me melt. He would nip and lick at me, and move his tongue so that I felt like he was inhaling me.

He was sliding his tongue down my neck and working his hand into my bra to lift out my breast as I un-tucked his shirt from his shorts. I wanted to run my hands over that furry chest. He was built rather solidly, not slender, not fat, more just in the middle. Thick was a good word for him. Thick chest, thick arms, thick legs, thick cock. I was running my hands over his chest and flicking his nipples with my fingernails as he bit and sucked on my ear lobe. He was muttering into my ears and just moaning a bit here and there as we both pleasured each other. I bit his shoulder and sucked hard even knowing how much he hated it. He pulled back from my shoulder and looked down to glare at me a bit. 


"Bad girl, now I get to punish you," was all he said before he flipped me around to face the storage rack. It was one of those metal ones with adjustable shelving and I grabbed a hold of opposite sides as he edged me forward to lean against it. My breasts were hanging out of my bra, dangling, and my shirt was pushed up but I still had my shorts and panties on. He just grabbed my hair and tugged my head back softly but hard enough that I could feel it. I groaned softly and didn't fight him. He was back to chest with me; I could feel his cock pushing against my ass as he started kissing that certain spot on my neck behind my ears. That is the spot that sends me over the edge. Hit that spot and my panties are soaked and I'm just a wiggling mess – he knew it too. He thrust against me and bit and licked that little spot for a few moments before letting go of my hair and letting my head fall forward. He was still pushed up against me as his hand slid up my thigh and pushed up my shorts. They were baggy enough to make that very easy and he reached up between my legs and felt how wet they were. 

"Naughty girl, turned on by being caught," he hissed softly. I just nodded and wiggled my ass at him. He hadn't actually touched my lips yet, just moved the edge of the panties around and up between my ass cheeks so he could if he wanted to. I wanted him to! He finally did, sliding a thick middle finger between my slick lips and moving it back and forth just enough to tease me. "You shaved!" he exclaimed, surprised. I nodded and wiggled my butt again. He got the hint and pushed the middle finger all the way inside me straight up into my vagina. I groaned and just squeezed it tight, letting him work it slowly in and out. I normally masturbate enough that I'm never this horny, but I hadn't in a few days and he was working me up to an amazing orgasm. However, I love being finger-fucked when it's done right and he seemed to know exactly where to target. He nibbled on the back of my neck where the hairline is as he finger-fucked me with his middle finger and teased my clit with his other finger. I love being finger-fucked when it's done right and he seemed to know exactly where to hit to make the most of his movements. He was making my whole body tremble and shake. 

"Cum for me baby, cum on my hand, I want to feel how wet you're going to get for me." I would have no problem giving in to that order. 

"Don't stop, just don't stop, mmmm yea fuck fuck fuck," I whined into my arm as he pushed me closer to the edge. "Oh oh oh oh yes yes yes," I started to say as my body clenched harder on his hand. Rob knew me well enough to know how the beginnings of my orgasms felt and how loud I got during them so he reached up with his free hand and covered my mouth as I finally came. One got frig of my clit and that was all she wrote. He kept his crotch pushed up against my ass as I bucked on his fingers. I was into my orgasm, riding it out, but I could still feel him hard against the back of me. He was panting a bit himself, telling me to enjoy it and moaning as I soaked his fingers. He moved his hand off my mouth after a few moments, and stroked my hair as he slid his other hand from between my legs. I just leaned against my arm and tried to catch my breath. 

"Mmm, Angel, you taste just as good as you used to," he said as I heard him licking his fingers. My legs were still weak but I turned around slowly and smiled at him. He was rock hard, his dick pushing against the waist of his shorts, his shirt sort of pushed up from where I'd tugged it out, and his face was flushed with his passion. He leaned in and kissed me, letting me taste my juice on his fingers. I wrapped a leg around his hip and just kissed him back as hard as I could. 

I knew he was frustrated and I glanced over quickly at the door. How long had we been in here? Was it long enough someone was going to notice? I don't think he really cared because I felt his hands in my hair and then on my shoulders, trying to push me to my knees. He never said anything, but just urged me down in front of him. I knew I owed a great orgasm to him like he'd just given to me, so I went down easily. Fair was fair and I loved this man's cock. 

When someone is fucking me, I like them as thick as possible. I love feeling them bump and grind against everything inside me and push me beyond my limits. However, if I'm going to try and get them in my mouth, there are limits to what I can do. I have an easy gag reflex but I work around it. Rob's cock was thick like the rest of him, but no so thick I couldn't get my lips around it and move on him. I undid the buttons and unzipped him, pushing the shorts and his boxer briefs to his ankles quickly. His cock popped up and stared at me as I reached out and grasped the base. Rob was still running his fingers through my hair and he suddenly grabbed it and pushed me forward towards his cock. 

"Suck it, Angel, suck my dick."

I opened my mouth as he pushed my head forward and guided his dick inside. I wrapped my lips around just the head and started to slowly tease him a bit. He pushed against the back of my head again and tried pushing me forward. I let go of the base and let him push me against his waist. I opened up as far as I could and tried hard not to gag, to let him slide in deep. He groaned as he felt the head of his dick hit the back of my throat. I smiled to myself and pulled back to give this man an amazing blowjob. I put just the tip back in my mouth and pumped him up and down, milking it a little while my tongue teased the underside and slit. 

"Look at me, look me in the eyes when you've got my dick in your mouth," he demanded. 

I opened my eyes and looked up at him as I slowly stuck my tongue out and laved the head like the tastiest lollypop. My eyes were still locked on his as I slurped down him, teasing him more, sliding my tongue all over him, moving him in and out of my mouth – it was very erotic; I felt so sluttish. My chocolate colored eyes stayed with his bright blue ones, his hands tangled in my dark brown hair, their skin tanned against my pale face as I pleasured him with my mouth. I nibbled a little on the ridge of his cock as I cupped his balls. It was then he finally closed his eyes and threw his head back. All I heard was a soft ‘Uhgn, uhgn,' from his mouth as he massaged my head and neck. His thighs tensed, his breathing in creased and I knew he was getting close. I gripped the base of his dick with both hands and squeezed it a little tighter as I pulled on it and worked it in my mouth. 

"Now!" he said and pushed my head forward. I opened up and tried to deep throat him just as I felt the first wad of cum hit the back of my throat. I gagged a bit, but pulled him out enough that I could swallow the mouth full that followed and kept milking his dick. He was pumping into my lips that were locked around the head of his cock. He had his head thrown back and I could hear him just panting and hissing softly as his body ejaculated. He spasmed a few more times as I jerked his dick before he finally stopped. I leaned in and licked at the cum that had dribbled down his dick off of his skin and then let go of him. His hands rested hard on my shoulders, almost as if I was holding him up, and he breathed heavily. I rested on my heels and looked around at the storage shelf to see if there was anything I could clean us both up with. I found some paper towels and ripped a few off. I stood up on shaky legs and kissed him softly. He smiled and wiped some stuff off my chin. 

I went to the sink and wet some towels, handing a bunch to him and then using the rest on me. I heard him behind me, cleaning off and then buttoning his pants and straightening his shirt. I wiped myself off, cleaned off my face and washed my hands before turning around to look at him. He smiled at me, gave me a hug and a kiss and we turned to get out of the room right as someone knocked. I jumped and looked at Rob. He shook his head and put his fingers to his lips. My heart was pounding in my chest again as we waited for the person to wander off. Not many of the customers knew this was a bathroom, so it was probably one of the other sales associates wondering where he was. He whispered to me that they would probably go downstairs and look for him, so we were safe. I opened the door and headed to the main entrance. I left immediately, knowing I couldn't look any of those people straight in the face after having sucked their manager's dick in the bathroom. To this day, I can't go back to that store without turning red and blushing like a teenager.