 She came out of nowhere, it seemed, this cute girl named Rachel who began chatting me up at the campus bar one night. I'd never seen her around before and we were well into spring semester, but she was a godsend. I was feeling very lonely -- my steady girlfriend was back home screwing some guy she had met and couldn't put down. Maybe I was also feeling a little revenge-minded, too, but I'm not a babe magnet. Too shy, too average looking, who knows? I couldn't just pick someone up and it was very unlikely that any woman would just come on to me. But, then again, I guess this is what they mean by "getting lucky."

Anyway, I was at the bar with my friends on a Saturday night, pitchers of beer flowing and the jukebox blasting when Rachel sat down next to me. I liked her freckles and her long, straight chestnut hair with bangs that hung down just above her heavy-lidded eyes. She was wearing a white peasant blouse, black sneakers and blue jeans that hugged her ample hips and cute, full ass. I have a thing for women with wide hips and a nice rear, so I have to admit I found her attractive. And nice once she started talking.

I'm usually awkward chatting up women I don't know, but she made it easy even though we had to shout in each other's ears over the din. We had a long, winding, often fractured conversation about our majors, professors, music, whatever, I guess she was attracted to me because she stuck around as the hour stretched toward one a.m. 

I was soon oblivious to my friends and it became clear as the bar began to empty that this might be a rare night when I hit it off with a woman and good things happened. Rachel and I ended up walking back to campus alone together and we were both pretty drunk. As we laughed about something silly, our hands found each other and when we reached the point where I would head to my dorm and she to hers, I worked up the courage to ask, "Would you like to come to my room?" She just smiled and started to walk with me.

Once back in my room, we sat on my bed and smoked and talked some more. There was a definite sexual tension in the air, but not being accustomed to this kind of thing, I was afraid to make the first move for fear of bursting a bubble of hopeful desire that would surely prove to be mere fantasy. 

Inevitably, our conversation lapsed into an awkward silence and that was when our eyes met, we leaned toward each other and we kissed.

Her tongue was eagerly exploring my mouth as we lay down together and my hands began to roam her body, moving under her shirt and coursing over the warm smooth skin of her back. We kissed for quite awhile and when I nuzzled her neck, she ground her pelvis into me. My cock was hard and her hand quickly found the bulge in my jeans. My heart was pounding with anticipation and disbelief. This was the first time I'd ever had sex with a woman I barely knew and I wanted so much to make it good for her.

Sitting up, Rachel pulled her shirt over head, revealing a sweet, sexy pair of ample breasts with huge, round pink nipples -- the biggest I had ever seen. I pulled her down to me and kissed them, swirling my tongue and hardening each one before sucking gently. She sighed with contentment and as my hands roamed down to her hips, she again sat up, but this time she climbed off the bed and unfastened her jeans. I watched admiringly as she pulled them down and stepped out of them, standing nude before me except for her pink socks. My god, her milky white skin, ample hips, thighs and closely-cropped patch of red pubic hair were so erotic. I loved the look of disheveled, drunken lust on her face. 

I took her hand and pulled her down to me. I get so turned on being fully clothed while my lover is naked, allowing me to explore her body while she focuses only on her pleasure. As we kissed, our tongues almost dueled in our excitement, and she was soon on top of me. She was a very take-charge lover, and this too made me intensely horny.

My hands coarsed her body, caressing her glorious, soft firm ass -- each cheek so plump. firm and sexy. She got hotter by the moment as she pressed her pussy against the bulge in my jeans. Pushing my shirt up, she kissed her way from my lips to my neck to my bare chest and stomach. 

Pulling my shirt all the way off, I lay back, my cock aching. She was unfastening my jeans, I lifted my hips to help her slide them and my underwear down, my erection popping free. It's such a turn-on the first time a lover sees my cock, and she gave me a sweet thrill by taking it in her hand and saying, "Mmmm nice." 

Tucking her hair behind her ear, her head descended toward my throbbing sex. The sensation of her mouth on my excited penis was intensely pleasurable and I stroked her hair as she sucked me. Her soft moans brought me to the edge of coming and it was all I could do to stay in control as she stroked my erection and licked the head and shaft with obvious enjoyment. 

Again, her mouth covered my hard penis. My hand coursed down her back to her luscious ass. I wanted so much to taste her cunt, kiss her ass and lick her anus. My desire was driving me crazy.

When she had me about to come, I sat up and pulled her toward me. "My turn," I said, and she lay back on the bed as we changed places. I loved the way her big, soft breasts looked as she lay there, and I licked her nipples hard again before beginning my journey down her soft belly to that amazing expanse of hips and thighs. Even her pussy mound was wide and full, the hair on it straight, almost wiry. I tried to take my time getting there, but I was so aroused I was about to lose it. Her pussy was open and wet and my first lick brought me a delicious tang. 

Licking into her, I began to give her slow, sensuous head -- my tongue and lips drifting to her inner thighs, her hips, her pubic hair and back to her clit, then into her vagina. Again and again, savoring her, wanting to make this last as long as I could. Her moans had the same effect on my cock as her mouth, I wanted to come. She was holding my head and pulling it into her cunt, lifting her ass off the bed as I licked. Sensing she was about to peak, I stopped. To my surprise, she turned over onto her stomach saying, "Lick my ass. It makes me so hot..."

Her big, creamy, sexy nude rear was in front of my face and I was practically shaking with lustful desire. I kissed each cheek, running my tongue along them and caressing them before gently separating them and pausing to savor the scent in her warm, slightly moist cleft. Her asshole, pink and puckered, smelled incredibly good -- a sexy musk of anus, perspiration and a faint hint of bathroom activity. She'd probably gone sometime that day and hadn't showered since, but that scent only made what I was about today irresistably forbidden. 

Licking her anus, the taste -- slightly bitter, a little salty --made my cock ache and she moaned her delight as I let my tongue linger and swirl before working my way inside her savory butthole.

The soft, warmth of her glorious, plump white ass against my face, her sighs, her scent and the taste, the kinky thrill of working my tongue deep into her bitter anus and exploring the softness inside made me want to stay there forever.

I ate out Rachel's ass until her anus was partly open, slick with my saliva and she was coming, her asshole suddenly clenching my tongue, her hips bucking. And once her wave of pleasure subsided, she rolled over, sat up and gently urged my to lie back.

Resting her head on my stomach, she took my cock in her mouth and began sucking. Not sure if should hold off in order to fuck her, I let go when she said, "You can come in my mouth, I like the taste of come." 

My orgasm was intense, my penis spurting thick gobs of hot white semen into her mouth, which was wrapped around my cockhead and shaft. Stroking and gently squeezing, she milked the come out of me, swallowing and licking and swallowing again, until I was spent, but still hard.

Settling in next to me, she kissed me, and her lips tasted of my come. We lay there nude for quite a while, smoking again, and talking. When the conversation drifted to sex, she looked into my eyes and said, "I've made it with girls, too. I like it." She had to know that thought would plant the seeds of my renewal, and my cock began to swell. 

Hard again before we drifted off to sleep, I entered her slick, hot snatch and we fucked slow and long, finally finishing in another frenzied orgasmic burst as dawn began to creep in the window. 

"Next time, you can fuck my ass," she said as she turned onto her side and pulled her pillow tight, giving her sexy rear a little wiggle against me. I gazed at it for a while as she slept, wondering still who she was, but extremely grateful to have her there. We had a nice friendship ahead of us.