 It's 9:30 am and Nate wakes up from another perfect dream starring himself and miss Angela. Angela was the incredibly gorgeous girl he had met at a summer camp just a few months before today. She stood about 5"3' with dark brown hair and crystal blue eyes. Her soft vanilla skin complimented the deep contrast between her hair and eyes. Her petite frame and athletic body made it not only easy, but also fun to throw her around in the bedroom... or so Nate assumed.

Nate had fantasized about Angela since the day he checked in at the camp he was working at over the summer. Her beautiful face had been infused in his mind and her look of pure innocence made him instantly interested. The way the summer worked out though was something different than his fantasies, and the two of them never really got to experience any of the things Nate's dirty little mind had conjured up. 

Today was different though; today was the day Angela was coming to visit. Angela was in her last semester of college in Illinois while Nate lived a few states away. The two of them had spent endless hours on the phone almost every night since camp ended. They discussed this and that, and anything that came to mind really. They even started a countdown of when she would be able to come out to Colorado and visit. Today the countdown was over and Nate couldn't be happier about it. All the nights they had spent on the phone... all the topics they had discussed... all the "sex messages" they had sent each other... they all added up to this.

He had nothing specific planned for today. All Nate knew was that he wanted to see her, to kiss her, to Fuck her. 

He got up and went into the bathroom. The bright lights shined off his 6"1', solid frame. His tan body still ached from the previous days workouts and his deep blue eyes were a little bloodshot from the drinks he had the night before. He hopped in the shower and started his day.

Meanwhile, in Illinois, Angela had a very similar routine. She woke up and looked over to her still not fully packed suitcase before rolling back over and fantasizing about what this afternoon would be like with Nate. Lying in bed still horny from her dreams, she thought about all the dirty things they had talked about on the phone and her mind wandered around the possibilities.

"What a great way to start the day." she says quietly to herself.

She also gets into the shower and prepares for the day.

Nate only had a few errands to run before picking up Angela at 1:00. He had gotten the day off in anticipation of spending the entire time in the house (whatever that entailed). His errands consisted of picking up a few more candles, some wine and some extra condoms. With his list in hand, Nate was out the door.

Angela finished packing and met up with her roommate Emily for a quick brunch before heading to the airport. They discussed different possibilities and scenarios that could happen when Angela got to Denver. Even the talk they had at brunch had Angela ready twitching with anticipation. This was going to be a good day for sure.

While Angela was on her flight she again started think of the possibilities and got herself worked up. Feeling hot she reached for the air above her head and turned the dial to release more of the cool breeze. As she moved she could feel how wet she had gotten herself between her legs and she put on a naughty little smile because of it. 

Nate had gone home and dropped off the candles and the wine before getting back into the car and driving to the airport. He knew if he had too much down time he would also think of all the possibilities the day could hold and would have to do something about it. At least in the car; no matter how hard he got thinking about Angela's sweet lips and tight pussy, he wouldn't be able to release himself. 

Once in the parking lot of the airport, Nate adjusted his pants as to hide his "excitement". He felt the pre cum in his boxer briefs and it only turned him on more. These two had a lot in common...

Waiting patiently at the baggage claim, Nate's nerves start to show. He is very fidgety and restless, god even one kiss would calm him down, or at least tide him over. Just then it happens, his ass is squeezed tightly and he turns around to see an even more beautiful then he remembered; Angela.

Picking her up off the ground with his hug, she wraps her legs around him and they spin together as she kisses him. Bliss...

They waste no time and grab her bag, then off to the car. 

He loads her bag in the trunk and then kisses her again.

"I missed you so much babe, im so glad you are actually here!" he tells her.

"You have no idea!" she simply replies.

The entire car ride home they talk. They discussed the trip and how she didn't finish packing until the last minute, Nate mentions how he had some errands to run and that he has a ton of different things planned for while she is out here, but nothing specifically planned for today. All of it was just beating around the bush though; they both knew what they wanted. Angela was the first to bring it up.

"Gosh, since I woke up this morning I have been looking forward to just seeing you sexy!"

"Tell me about it. I had amazing dreams about you last night, I thought I was going to explode when I woke up today!" Nate replies.

"Well when we get home, maybe I can help..." Angela says as she reaches over and grabs Nate's thigh.

"We'll see. It will depend on how good you are until then." He says with a smirk.

Angela slowly moves her hand up his thigh and leans into whisper in his ear. Just when she gets to the tip of his now hard cock, she says...

"Well you just let me know how good you want me to be..."

She then sits back in her seat and shoots Nate the sexiest look he has ever seen as she hikes her skirt up just a little.

Speechless; Nate just holds his smirk and keeps driving, now determined to get home as quickly as possible. 

He gently reaches over and places his hand on her thigh, squeezing her firm skin. She places her hand on top of his and slowly separates her legs. Nate can feel the warmth coming from her hot pussy on his hand and his cock twitches at the though of reaching up and playing with her soft cunt. Instead he keeps his hand where it is, teasing her with anticipation.

After a short 20-minute drive they are home. Pulling into the driveway Angela again reaches over to Nate's thigh. 

"Before we get out, just one more kiss?" she asks.

She leans in and drops her tongue into Nate's mouth. A deep passionate kiss, Nate reaches up and pulls at her body. Smoothly, Angela moves from her seat over to his. She positions herself atop his hard cock and their kiss becomes deeper as muffled moans escape the both of them. 

He reaches up to feel her firm tits and caught in the moment, forcefully rips off the first two buttons of her shirt sending them flying in the car. Up and down she moves, teasing his cock through the fabric of her boy cut panties and his jeans. Her bra exposed and his cock dripping with pre cum he needs her out of the car and in the house, NOW.

He pulls her hair back and opens the door, he turns so both legs are outside the car and stands up. With Angela still wrapped around his body, he grabs her ass with one hand to hold her up while he shuts the door with the other. 

He walks her to the front door of the house and fiddles around for the handle. Throwing the door open, he stumbles into the kitchen. 

Nate walks right up to the counter and sets his pretty little Angela down.

Her skirt hiked and her shirt ripped she moves the hair from her face and shoots Nate a look of lust and desire. She reaches over and pulls his shirt off his body, then tightly wraps her legs around his waist, pulling him close. She kicks her heels off as she sucks at his lips and pulls at his hair. 

Nate tugs at the back of her shirt with both hands, ripping another button and pulling her shirt off her shoulders. He licks and bites at her neck and collarbone while he moves up and down against her now hot and sweaty body.

Reaching for something...anything to stabilize herself, Angela knocks a couple of the candles on the floor and sends the others spread across the entire counter. 

Nate reaches back and undoes her black lace bra, he pulls and frees her arms from both the sleeves of her shirt and the straps of her bra. Her torn shirt and bra sail across the kitchen. With her arms now un-restricted she reaches down to feel Nate's rock hard cock through the fabric of his jeans and undo his belt. She then quickly unbuttons his jeans and slides them down, first using her hands, then her legs to get them all the way to his ankles. She can see the wetness on his boxer briefs and the sight makes her hungry. 

Before she can act on it, Nate pushes her back against the cupboards by the neck then drops to his knees. He reaches up her skirt and grabs both sides of her boy cut panties and pulls them off with ease. He begins to kiss and lick her inner thighs. He can feel how hot her pussy is and see it glisten with her juice in the sun. She reaches up and grasps the fridge with one hand while her other desperately searches for something else to hold on to.

Nate's tongue begins to dance across her dripping slit. Up, down and quickly over her clit. He can feel her shutter as he eats her pussy and he loves it. He bites at her lips and sucks up all her tasty wetness. Nate spreads her pussy with one hand while the other holds her legs apart. Circles and figure eights around her clit drive her to let out a tiny scream and grab the back of his head. She pushes his face deeper into her cunt and she reels in pleasure. Minutes pass as he works at her pussy like it's a game causing her to twitch and shake.

"Oh baby, keep it up. I'm gonna cum for you!" she says

Only deep moans come from his mouth as he continues to eat her hot pussy. He knows she is about to go as her legs begin to tighten and the strength needed to hold them open is quadrupled. She shakes and rips at his hair as she cums hard in his mouth.

"Ahhh, yeah Nate... oh god I'm cumming AHHH!"

She twitches and quivers as wave after wave flows through her body. Her pussy becomes a million times more sensitive, but Nate still flicks and plays with her clit.

"Stop! Nate stop! I don't think I can cum anymore! Please!"

With that, Nate slows his pace and moves back to her inner thighs as if to cool her down. That isn't what Angela wanted though. 

She pulls him up to her face and kisses him deeply clawing at his back. Stopping only to push him back and drop to her knees. She grabs his ass and licks at his boxer briefs right along his shaft to his tip. 

He almost loses his legs as she does so and; like her, begins to look for anything to stabilize himself. Her hand moves from his balls all the way up his cock pushing out even more precum. She sees it glisten in the light and pulls at his boxer briefs to release his shaft. 

Grabbing it with her right hand, her lips wrap tightly around the head of his cock and begin to slide down until her mouth can't fit anymore. A tight grip with her thumb and index finger, her hand moves up and down his entire shaft just outside of her talented mouth. She vigorously moves her head up and down, every once in a while taking his cock out of her mouth to lick the sides and stroke it with both hands. 

Nate has his head thrown back in pure bliss as Angela works her magic on his member. He can feel her tongue aggressively pressing his vein, almost milking his cock for his precum and every time a new drop of it touches her tongue a soft moan sends vibrations down his entire cock.

Pulling his dick from her mouth she looks up at him and he cant handle it anymore. He pulls her to her feet and has her again wrap her legs around his waist. He walks her over to the fridge and pins her against it. Her arms over his shoulders and legs pulling him close, he moves his cock up to her pussy. In a deep gaze he begins to enter her tight hole, sliding inch by inch deeper into her. Once fully inside her, he pulls back and then enters again more forcefully causing her to gasp and hold tighter. 

They begin to fuck against the fridge. Magnets and papers fall to the floor as he thrusts into her. The bottles of alcohol on top rattle and clank as the entire fridge moves with every thrust. Gasps and cries of pleasure escape Angela's mouth as she gets pounded against the fridge. She claws at his back and wraps her legs even tighter.

"Fuck me baby, this is what I waited for!" she exclaims.

Soon, the burning in Nate's legs causes him to ponder another location. 

He takes her off the fridge and walks her to the dining room. 

With one giant swing of his arm, he clears the table of its place settings and they crash to the floor. He lays Angela down on the table and folds her skirt up to see the pussy he has been punishing. He stands as he again shoves his cock into her hot, waiting cunt. 

With one hand on her hip and the other on the table, he looks into her eyes. Her sweaty body is so beautiful as it glistens in the sun that he slows his pace. Angela bites her lower lip as Nate now slowly slides all the way in and out of her. 

Deep passionate movements bring the two of them together. Back and forth, in and out... the two of them make love on the dining room table. Nate takes in the sight of tiny sweat beads between her breasts and the smile she is wearing. 

"You are perfect." he tells her.

She responds simply with a bigger smile and a hand to his face to pull him in for a gentle kiss. He leans in and takes her lower lip into his mouth. Their sweaty bodies pressed together while he is deep inside her, they share the perfect kiss. 

He gently picks her up off the table and walks her to his couch. Nate sits down and Angela puts her hands up around his neck as she begins to slowly move up and down on his shaft.

"Nate you feel so good..." she mutters. His head just moves down to her neckline and begins to kiss softly. She rides him slowly letting him slip all the way into her. 

She leans back still holding his shoulders and begins to move forward and backward. Nate is completely filling her with his thick cock and he can hear how wet the two of them are together. 

He grabs her hips and whispers "A little faster babe..."

She listens and moves faster. She can feel the excitement building and looks deep into his eyes.

"Angela, cum with me babe, let yourself go." Nate tells her.

"Ahh Nate, I'm going to!" she replies. He leans forward and wraps his arms tightly around her, pulling her into him. 

Still bucking wildly, she begins to moan as she cums. Angela can feel Nate's cock pulse as his hot cum fills her. 

Grunting, Nate pulls her tighter as he releases spurt after spurt of his cum deep into her pussy. 

Angela's pussy drips as she cums on his dick.

Barely breathing, the two of them hold each other as the final waves move through their bodies.

Kissing her neck again Nate says "I missed you so much babe."

Angela just sighed and replied with "I missed you more."