 Lexy barged into my room. "Angela, I need a huge favor. You have to go home to Houston with me for the weekend tomorrow. My mother is insisting I go shopping with her to pick out clothes with her for our trip to Europe this summer. I cannot handle that all day Saturday with her nitpicking everything I do and then the rest of the weekend with her and my dad at each other's throats. I can't do it. I can't!" 

"Lexy, finals are in two weeks. You know I am swamped. I cannot go to Houston with you." 

"Please. Please. PLEASE! I will have my mom put you in the pool house. I will say you were desperate for a quiet place to study. That will get you out of going shopping with us. You can even study by the pool. It is supposed to be a beautiful weekend. It's just a three hour drive from Austin. Then, you can join for dinner. The food will be great. The company...not so much." 

I hated to admit, the idea did sound appealing. If I could truly get some studying done, it had to beat a weekend spent I the dorm. "Fine, you win. I'll go." Lexy jumped up and down...her dark brown ponytail swinging side to side. She grabbed me and hugged me. 

"Thank you so much. I will make it worth your while. Can you leave around 4:00?" 

"Sure. Do I need to bring anything in particular to wear?" 

"Well, we usually dress up a bit for dinner, so a dress is probably in order, your swimsuit, casual clothes for the rest." 

We got to her parents house about 7:30 on Friday night. I had met her parents before and they had been lovely to me, but Lexy made it clear they had not been happy for years and she could not figure out why they were still together. Helena, her mother, was everything Lexy was not: tall, blonde, polished—mid-fifties with plenty of "good work" done to maintain the façade of youth. Her dad was the middle-aged version of Lexy. Marc was about 5'8" with now silver and somewhat curly hair, a prominent nose, tan skin, and a very sweet demeanor. He was still thin, but had the beginnings of a potbelly, yet always well-dressed and undeniably sexy. 

"Mr. and Mrs. Zimmerman, thank you so much for hosting me this weekend. I am sure I will get more studying done here than in the dorm. There is always something going on there to distract me." 

"Angela, how many times do I have to ask you to call me Marc. And thank you for the text letting me know you two were going to be late" 

"I am sorry, sir. I always forget. Marc it is. And, I had to send the text. Lexy was driving." 

"Drop the sir, as well." He smiled and I laughed. Mrs. Zimmerman (she had never asked such a thing) did not seem amused. She had always been nice to me, but maintained a more formal air. Lexy said that she had come from an old money family in Louisiana and had always felt she was better than Lexy's father even though he had made far more money than her family ever had. She had even told Lexy she thought it was nice that she had taken me on as her "project" because my parents were schoolteachers. Lexy had laughed at the suggestion. 

We all retired relatively early. Helena and Lexy showed me to the poolhouse. It looked like it was out of Architectural Digest. I retired to the bedroom and said I would meet them in the main house for breakfast at 9:30 before they left to go shopping. Helena insincerely asked if I would like to join them, but I declined claiming that I had to spend some time with my studies or my sophomore year would be my last. 

We all had a "family" breakfast. Lexy and Helena left for their series of boutiques. Helena said not to expect them before six. They had a lot to buy for six weeks in Europe. Marc headed for the office. I went to the poolhouse, put on my red bikini and a white cover-up, grabbed my books, and picked out a lounger. I took off my cover-up, rubbed down with baby oil (left over habit from my junior high days), and picked up my Contemporary Lit book. To be April, it was already 87 degrees at noon. I grabbed a second bottle of water and climbed on a raft in the pool. I picked up a novel for another lit class and decided I could be careful and read it in the pool. 

About 50 pages in, I heard Marc say, "Now that is how you study," and laugh. 

"I know. I am paranoid I am going to drop the book. Why don't you join me for a while. I have been at it for a few hours. I could use a break. And the other raft seems to have your name on it...well at least your initials." I pointed to the monogrammed raft and he laughed again. 

"I don't want to barge in on your study time. And, I never use the pool. Enjoy yourself." 

"Marc, that is ridiculous. I don't even want to think about how much you spend every month to maintain this. And you never use it? Take a break from your day and get in with me. The water is perfect and the company is not too shabby either..." Unthinking, I brushed my long blond hair off to the side exposing my full breasts. 

"Alright, you talked me into it. But just for a little while. You are right. It is a waste. I should enjoy it. But, I do need to invade your space in the pool house to get my suit." 

"Marc, you can invade my space all you want." He smiled. I could not believe I was flirting with him. I knew I shouldn't be. But, I could not help myself. There was something about him that brought it out in me. He disappeared into the pool house and reemerged a few minutes later in navy trunks carrying a plush white towel. He placed the towel on the lounger next to mine and made his way into the shallow end and climbed up on the other raft. 

"You were right. It feels wonderful. I should take advantage of what's in my backyard more often. What can I say? I spend all my time at the office, so I can avoid this place. It is really wrong, but Lexy never makes any secret of it. I am sure you are aware. It is just so stressful here." I honestly felt sorry for him. He was so nice and always seemed so sincere in his interactions with me and I had overheard more than one interaction he had had with Lexy. She certainly had him wrapped around her little finger. 

"Well, with all the stress, I bet I know something that could help. Stay on the raft, I will be right back. Here, hold mine." I pushed it over where he could hold it beside him. 

I got out of the pool and quickly grabbed the bottle of baby oil. I glanced back over my shoulder and saw that he was taking in my voluptuous form. I was petite, but had the right amount of curves. He smiled as I got back in the water. "What are you doing?" 

"Trust me. You will like it. Continue relaxing. I will help." I squirted a generous amount of baby oil in my hand, closed the lid, placed the bottle on my raft, and rubbed my hands together. I was standing behind him and touched his shoulders. He flinched and almost fell off his raft. "Calm down. You need to relax and be still. I am just going to rub your shoulders a bit and help you let some things go." 

I began softly rubbing around his neck. I could sense him relax more almost immediately. Slowly, I worked my hands out over his shoulders and to his upper arms. He actually moaned a little. "I am so sorry, Angela. That feels so good." 

"Don't worry. Just relax and enjoy it. I am happy to be of service." He smiled. I could barely control myself. I kept rubbing his shoulders and slowly began working my way over his chest covered with silver hair. He moaned again as my hands touch his nipples. Neither of us acknowledged it. I stepped around to where we were facing each other and continued working on his chest. I could not believe this was actually happening. I needed to control myself. This was Lexy's dad. 

Finally, he opened his eyes and looked at me. "I hope you know how beautiful you are Angela." I could not control it any longer. I leaned in and kissed him full on the mouth. He seemed shocked at first, but finally responded with his tongue exploring my mouth. I raised up to look at him. "Angela, we cannot do this. As bad as things are in my marriage, I don't do things like this." 

"I tell you what. You are doing nothing except lying on a raft. I will continue doing what I want. As long as you are lying on the raft, it will continue. If you get off the raft it will stop...unless you take the lead." I ran my hand down his chest, over his little belly and inside his trunks. I could feel his hard-on in my hand. 

"I should not do this. I am almost 60 years old. You probably aren't even 20 yet." 

"Nineteen. Be 20 in July. Lie back. I don't want to stop." I began stroking his cock. He moaned again. It had grown to what had to be seven inches and was quite thick. My fingers circled and slowly worked their way up and down inside his shorts. He continued to moan. I slid his shorts down exposing his cock. I leaned over and licked the pre-cum off the tip. Marc, reflexively jerked but regained his place on the raft. I slowly took his cock in my lips and proceeded to work the length of his shaft in and out of my mouth as I swirled my tongue around it. I could tell he was struggling with what was going on. 

"Stop. I don't want to come." Marc hopped off the raft and grabbed me in his arms. "You are not the one who gets to control this young lady." He grabbed me and kissed me deeply. 

Being my usual smart ass self, I responded, "Whatever you say, Daddy." 

He took a step back and looked me up and down. I was preparing myself for your little episode to end. "Angela, you are not allowed to call me that." Before I could defend myself, he added, "except in bed." He grabbed me again and kissed me even more forcefully. I could feel him reach behind me and unhook my top. It fell off and he leaned over and took my nipple in his mouth as he fondled my other ample breast. 

"Daddy, let's go inside and continue this." He stopped sucking my breast. 

"What did I tell you about calling me that?" 

"I will call you that anytime I want." I then leaned in and kissed him full on the mouth. 

"Let's go in the pool house. I think I have bitten off more than I can chew but I don't want it to stop yet." He handed me my top and then swept me into his arms and carried me up the steps and out of the pool. He did not put me down until we were inside the pool house. He sat me down and kissed me again. Our hands were all over each other's bodies. I reached over to remove his trunks. "Hold on. Let's shower all the chlorine off. I want this to count. Nothing holding us back." With that, he took hand and lead me to the bathroom. He turned on the shower and turned to kiss me full on the mouth. "Now, we have a bit of time to kill while the water warms up." He reached over and tugged at my bottoms revealing my blonde bush. I removed his trunks. His hair there was as silver as his head and chest...and equally full. 

We stepped into the shower and immediately resumed our kiss. Finally, Marc came up for air and grabbed the bar of soap. He lathered his hands and began rubbing my body. I took the bar and returned the favor. I paid extra time to his erect cock. He finally begged me stop. He took the hand-held shower and rinsed himself off. He then turned the nozzle on me and washed away the suds. He then placed it on my pussy and watched as I began to take pleasure in the pulsating squirts. He pulled me into another kiss. Finally, I pushed the nozzle away to prevent an orgasm. I wanted the first to be from him, not the shower head. 

We stepped out of the shower and he wrapped me in another large plush white towel. I opened my arms and said, "Get in here with me, daddy." He blushed as I threw my arms around him and pressed my body to his. He kissed me until I pulled away and lowered myself to my knees and once again took his erect penis into my mouth. He pushed me away. 

"Darling, let's go to bed." He lead me to the bedroom as we stole kisses every step of the way. We practically fell onto the bed together. We rolled over and over as the kissing continued. I don't know which of us was enjoying it more. Clearly, we were both in need of intimacy. Finally, when I was on the bottom, Marc worked his way down to my pussy spending plenty of time on each nipple with his expert tongue. His tongue proved expert at my pussy as well. 

"Daddy, you are going to make me come." 

He smiled. "Now you can call me that. And, I am going to make you come all afternoon. I did not want or anticipate this, but you have unleashed a long-latent passion and there is no way I can stop now." With that, he resumed flicking his tongue expertly into my clitoris. I could not contain my moans. Finally, I could not take any more and truly felt I had left my body the orgasm was so strong. 

As I came down, I pulled him up into a deep kiss and then screamed, "Daddy, please put your cock in me now." 

"Baby, I thought you would never ask." With that, I spread me legs as he placed his body between them. He slowly slipped his cock into my very wet pussy. He gently stroked me until I begged him to give me more. Harder. And Faster. We were both covered in sweat as we came together and he then collapsed into my arms on top of me, gently kissing my neck. 

We both reveled in the afterglow and talked of how we knew we should not have done what we did, but neither regretted it. It had truly been an incredible afternoon. Marc went and showered off again and put the clothes on that he had worn to the office. He gently kissed me and said to study for the next couple of hours. We agreed that dinner could prove awkward. 

Helena and Lexy returned around 6:00 with dozens of bags and Helena prepared a home-cooked meal. Lexy made it clear to me that Helena did this for herself and not for Lexy. "She doesn't even make things I like. But, her time in the kitchen does keep her out of mine and Dad's hair," Lexy exclaimed. 

I had put on a simple black dress I had found at a discount store, but left an extra button unbuttoned just to mess with Marc a little. Helena gave me a back-handed compliment to the effect of she had not seen anyone be able to carry off that style in years. I smiled and thought of my afternoon in bed with her husband. I was feeling less guilty by the moment. 

As we made our way to the table, I gently brushed against Marc. He gave me a look that was knowing, guilty, lustful, and embarrassed. "Stop. I don't want us to get caught." 

"Don't worry. No one was around. I cannot stop thinking about this 

afternoon. Come to the pool house tonight for round 2 after Helena and Lexy are asleep." 

"I can't. It's too risky." I licked my lips. 

"We won't get caught. No one has reason to suspect anything." 

"Stop." We then made our way into the breakfast room for dinner. 

Helena announced, "I thought we would just have dinner in here since it is just the four of us. I don't want Angela to be uncomfortable by her surroundings in the dining room. This just seems less formal." I smiled. I did not know what else to do. 

We took our seats. Lexy and I faced each other at the round table. I could not help myself, I rubbed Marc's leg with my bare foot. At first he squirmed. Then, I could tell he was enjoying it. 

"So, Angela, what do you have planned for the summer? I am sure you have heard all about our little trip to Europe," Helena asked. 

"Not much. I was planning to go home to San Antonio. Hopefully, I will find a job in the mall or something." It really was what I had planned. The commissions from working retail would provide a little extra spending money come fall. 

"That's nonsense, she interjected. You should do something to help you establish a career. Marc's company is always hiring interns. He should hire you. I am sure it would be greatly helpful in whatever career you pursue." Marc seemed at a loss for words. I am sure my continual stroking of his leg had nothing to do with it. 

"That does sound nice," I responded. "But, at this late date I am sure the intern positions have all been filled. 

"Nonsense. Marc is the CEO and owner of the company. If he wants another intern, I am sure he can add an intern." 

At this point, Marc interjected. "I am sure Angela would benefit only as much as the organization. From what time I have spent with her, she certainly seems to find a way to get things done." I almost laughed out loud. 

"It's settled then," Helena remarked. I will be on the lookout for you an apartment this week. I will let you know what I find." 

Lexy then interrupted. "I have an idea. Why doesn't she just stay in the pool house? No one ever uses it. Mom and I are going to be gone most of the summer. Dad travels for business all the time. At least someone will be here to keep an eye on things." 

"Lexy, that's a marvelous idea!" Helena replied. It was as if the two of them had hatched a plan in their day of shopping. If they had, I don't know if Lexy would tell me or not. Was it possible I was her project? 

Marc finally stirred. "Well, I guess that is settled. Angela, we can work out the details later." He looked at me and smiled nervously. My mind was spinning. Was it possible that Marc and I would have a summer together? I did not want to read too much into it. Today needed to be a one-time deal. But, I could not help it. I wanted more. 

The discussion changed. Lexy was telling us all about the clothes she had bought today. Once again, she wanted to change her major. This time to French. I am still not sure how it happened, but I was suddenly in the middle of a Zimmerman family feud. I am not even sure what it was about, but finally Marc said, "That's enough. I am going to my study." 

"Well stay there. You are not welcome in our bedroom tonight!" Helena screamed as he left the room. She picked up the platter of green beans or haricot verts as she had called them and hurled them in his direction. The platter landed in the floor in a thousand pieces. 

"I wasn't aware I was ever welcome there," he muttered as he left the room. 

"If you don't mind, I am going to excuse myself," I said as I got up and left the table. I gave no one time to respond. I went directly to the pool house. 

My phone immediately had a text message from Lexy. 

-Sorry you had to see that. I told you. 

-It's fine. I'm a big girl. 

-Do you want me to come to the pool house? 

-Actually, I am really tired from studying all day. Do you mind if I just turn in? 

-Not at all. I am tired too. See you in the morning. Great news about the internship, though. I will make sure Daddy takes care of you. 

-I am sure he will. Good night. 

With that, all I could think about was Marc. No one should be subjected to being treated the way Helena treated him. I thought I should try to cheer him up, so I sent him a text. 

-Hey Daddy (and I can call you that because I am in bed), show me your cock. 

-Are you crazy? 

-No just horny thinking about our afternoon together. Take off your pants and show me. 

-We should not have done what we did this afternoon, but I am glad we did. It made me realize all that I have been missing. 

-I will never regret it. You were amazing. I had had a crush on you for a long time. 

-I had never let myself think of you in those terms. Now I can think of little else. 

-Good. Now show me your cock, Daddy. 

Shockingly, a couple of minutes later a got a picture that was unmistakably Marc's cock. He included a note that said, "All quiet over here. I think everyone is asleep. If you are up for it, I thought I might sneak over for round two in about 30 minutes." 

-Up for it. It is all I can think about. Get over here. 

It is going to be a fun summer.