 The meeting was coming to an end and before anyone could stand up, Tanisha Moore raised her hand for a final comment. She looked like she had been up sick all night. Mr. Walker motioned to her to speak.

"I'm really sorry Mr. Walker, but I'm too sick to do the Christmas Banquet Series this year. I really...can't," she finished sneezing. 

"Okay. That's--," he sighed and looked at his watch, "fine. I'll find a replacement. Have a good day everyone."

He walked quickly out of the meeting and down the hall toward his office. Peri, his secretary was on the phone taking a message. 

"Two o'clock on the 29th? No, Mr. Walker will be on vacation from the 26th until the 5th of the New Year...Yes...January 8th at...? 10am. Great. Oh, thank you. You have a good day too Mr. Taylor. Goodbye."

Peri hung up the phone smiled at Mr. Walker.

"Hello, Mr. Walker. How did the meeting go?"

"It went," he grunted, "and apparently so did Tanisha." 

Peri looked confused.

"She quit?" 

"She should. That damn girl is always sick. Coughing and sneezing and whatnot. Good worker but gives me the willies."

Peri laughed. 

"I need a favor of you Peri," he said sitting on the edge of her desk and crossing his arms.

"Yes, what is it?"

"The Christmas Banquet Series," he said pausing. She looked at him waiting for him to continue.

"What about it?" she asked.

"Tanisha's sick." 

He paused again. 

"Right..."

"Well, she was supposed to do that thing...you know. With the kids?" Realizing what was coming, Peri sighed and leaned back in her chair, looking away from him.

"Yes, Mr. Walker, I know."

"Well, I'm going to need a replacement and--"

"And you want me to do it," she finished for him. 

"Could you? I'll pay you double time."

She sighed and began to protest.

"Mr. Walker, I would but--"

"Triple time?" he asked. "Peri, I need two helpers and I'm not going to be able to find anyone else to cover on such a short notice. The kiddie thing is tomorrow. You know I wouldn't ask you if I didn't really need the favor."

She sighed again and shook her head.

"Mr. Walker, I'm sorry but I really can't tomorrow. I mean, of course I'll be at the banquet on Saturday but I--"

"Peri," he said giving her puppy dog eyes, "Please? For me?"

She laughed. 

"Mr. Walker--,"she stopped. "Fine. I'll do it," she said standing up and walking towards the hallway. "And it's not because you're paying me triple overtime. I mean, triple overtime and a half is a lot to pay for a few hours of extra work. So, since you're paying me four times as much as I usually make an hour and giving me a raise, I'll be there."

She smiled and started to walk away but stopped as he called her.

"Yes?" she asked smiling.

"Get the costume from Tanisha. And thank you very much," he smiled and walked into his office and closed the door.

* *****  *

"I can NOT believe I agreed to this," Peri sighed as she pulled on her green pantyhose. 

"Oh Peri stop! It's for a good cause," her friend Alina laughed. "How bad can it be? Really."

"It's too short and Tanisha's boobs are like, half the size of mine."

"Damn, what is she, flat-chested?" Alina joked. "Let me see it. Come out."

Peri peeked from around the Japanese folding screen in her bedroom. 

"Don't you dare laugh at me," she threatened.

"Oh come on."

Peri stepped from behind the screen so Alina could see her entire outfit and her face lit up when she saw the costume.

"Oh Peri, that is too cute! Turn around!"

Peri stood in front of the mirror and turned around looking at herself. She had on a dress that was half red and half green with a collar and bells that resembled that of a jester's. She also had on a green hat with furry red trim, green pantyhose and red booties. 

"Just please do my ears so I can go and get this over with," Peri huffed sitting down in a chair. 

"What's wrong?" Alina asked.

"I feel ridiculous. I can't believe I'm going to leave my house like this."

"You look fine Peri, really. You are the sexiest elf I've ever seen," she laughed.

"This is not exactly what I want to do on a Friday night; I have to go romp around with kids all night and help them take pictures with Mr. Walker, aka Santa Claus," she said rolling her eyes.

"You'll have fun," Alina smiled as she began to apply Peri's pointed ears, "you know you will." 

Peri crossed her arms.

"Hey you never know," Alina said suddenly, "maybe Jacob will be there."

Peri looked over to her dresser where the silver shark necklace lay and smiled.

* *****  *

"My feet are killing me," Peri thought to herself after an hour of greeting children and helping them sit on "Santa's" lap. "It feels like I'm standing on the bare floor. Why do I always give in so easily? This is ridiculous! Next time he asks for a favor, I'll just have to --" Her thoughts were cut off by a poke in the ribs. Annoyed, she turned to see who it was and was surprised to see that it was--

"Jacob!" she said grinning from ear-to-ear. "Hey."

"Hey, sorry I'm late," he said looking at the line of children. He was wearing a male version of the elf costume that she wore. 

"It's okay, Santa didn't even tell me you were coming," she said rolling her eyes. 

"Yeah, well if he would have told me you were going to be here instead of Tanisha I would have made a better effort to be here on time," he smiled down at her. His light-brown curls stuck out of his hat and perfectly framed his face.

"I didn't really have much of a choice. Tanisha got sick at the last minute and here I am."

"Well, I'm glad you're here," he said as the child on his father's lap climbed down and ran toward her mother giggling. 

"Peri!" Mr. Walker grinned broadly at her, "Come here please." 

She quickly strode to his side. 

"Yeah?"

"I need to go to the bathroom, can you announce my break after the next child?"

"Sure," she said as Jacob walked the next little boy over to Santa.

She smiled and stepped aside as the little boy climbed onto Mr. Walker's lap. When he was done, Peri faced the kids, grinning. 

"Okay boys and girls! Santa is going to go take a milk and cookies break but he'll be right back. Make sure you're ready with your lists!" she said as Mr. Walker headed to the bathroom. 

Peri and Jacob stood next to each other and played Christmas songs while they waited for him to return. 

"So how have you been?" Jacob asked.

"Pretty good, how about you?" she said looking up at him. His blue-gray eyes sparkled.

"Good. Pretty bored, but good."

"Do you do this every year?"

"Yeah, my uncle is a manager at this store. My dad volunteers me every year... Go figure."

Peri laughed.

"It's not so bad though, right?"

He scoffed and shook his head.

"I'm just looking forward to the banquet tomorrow. That's the fun part."

"Oh really?"

"Hell yeah. Open bar, free drinks and free food. Can't really beat that," he shrugged, as he noticed her dress. "That dress is kinda short." 

Peri looked down and shook her head.

"I know, it's Tanisha's and as you can see I'm quite a few inches taller than she is."

"That's so hot," he said feeling a slight tingle in his crotch as he looked at her long legs. 

Peri grinned as she thought back to her first encounter with Jacob. He started off to be a jerk and turned out to be a wonderful sex partner. They were forced to ride to a business conference together and got a flat tire in the middle of nowhere and ended up sexing for more than an hour. 

When they finally got to the hotel, she pulled out her jacket and found that he'd left his silver shark necklace there for her. She got moist just thinking about it. 

"Here comes Santa Claus," she said as Mr. Walker finally came back. The kids cheered as he took his seat. Jacob began to help the next child onto his lap. After about an hour it was time for them to take a dinner break. That meant they got to leave the screaming children for about 45 minutes. It was Jacob's turn to announce the break this time.

"Well boys and girls, it's time for Santa and Elf Peri and me to go feed the reindeer! Don't worry though, we'll be back to make sure Santa gets to hear all of your Christmas wishes. Please don't cross into the North Pole because we don't want anyone getting hurt, okay? We'll be back; you be good!" he grinned waving goodbye as they all headed to the back of the store. 

When they got back there Peri pulled her hat off. 

"Finally!" she sighed wiping sweat from her forehead. 

"Peri, thank you so much again for replacing Tanisha. It means a lot and besides, if you weren't here, there would have been no elves for the first hour," he finished glaring at Jacob. 

"Dad, I called to tell you I'd be late. You should stop signing me up for this every year."

"Jacob, it's the least you could do since you don't do anything else all year. You have 364 days to do whatever you want, this won't kill you. And it wouldn't kill you to be on time either!" he said storming away. 

Jacob sighed.

"Man, this is lame."

"He's pretty serious about this Santa thing huh?" Peri asked looking at Jacob.

"Yeah, I had a brother that passed away on Christmas so he takes the holiday seriously. Everything about it. Hence the banquet and the kids."

"Oh, I'm sorry to hear that."

He shrugged.

"It was before my time."

"Oh..." Peri wasn't sure what to say next. 

"You still single?" he asked suddenly, looking over at her. 

"Still, yeah."

"Oh."

She smiled.

"Are you?"

"Yep."

"Oh," she said mocking him. He smiled. 

"C'mere, I wanna show you something," he said heading out of the break room. She followed him down a hall and through a door. He stopped and looked around then punched in a code on the door and they went in. He flipped the light on and Peri looked around, beaming.

"Wow! Look at all these stuffed animals!" she said walking further into the room. It was filled from top to bottom with stuffed animals for Christmas. There was also a huge bin in the corner filled plush reindeer and snowmen. She turned and looked at Jacob.

"This is really cool Jacob."

"Watch this," he said running and jumping into the bin. They laughed as he plopped down into them. "Come on."

He waved her to do the same thing. 

"No way," she laughed.

"Oh don't be a wuss," he teased. 

She cocked her head to the side.

"Fine, I'll do it."

She ran and jumped into the bin next to him, laughing. No sooner than she landed did Jacob grab her behind her neck and pull her into a kiss. She was immediately receptive and began to kiss him back fervently. He pulled away and looked at her. 

"I've been wanting to do that all night."

She grinned and kissed him again. 

"Me too," she agreed. "But even more than that, I wanted to do this."

She reached under his tunic and stroked his manhood which was hard as a rock. He looked surprised.

"Did you really?"

She nodded. 

"Well by all means go ahead," he grinned. 

She scooted his tunic up and stuck her hand into his tights. He gasped lightly when he felt her soft hand around his pulsing member. 

"Take these off," she said seductively. He quickly obeyed her command and pulled off his shorts, tights and booties. When he was naked from the waist down, she smiled at him then looked at his cock and held it in one hand. The smooth velvety texture turned her on even more. 

She leaned down and licked the head of his cock, a small gasp escaping his lips. She wrapped her lips around the tip of his cock and slowly fed it into her mouth. He propped himself up on his elbows the best he could so he could watch her expertise. 

Peri licked up and down the length of his shaft and sucked lightly on the base of his neatly trimmed cock. Then she slipped it in her mouth and began to suck on it like she was sucking on a straw. As she slid up and down, the inside of her cheeks massaged his pulsing cock. Shifting, she pulled his manhood out of her mouth and still holding onto it, straddled one of his legs so she was positioned better. 

She grinned up at him as she leaned down to suckle on his hairless sack. Then she hungrily stuck his cock in her mouth and he couldn't help but moan when he felt it hit the back of her throat. Now in a better position to reach her, Jacob entangled his hand in her wavy black hair and pushed her head up and down his pole. 

As she ravished his manhood she cupped and massaged his balls. It was turning her on so much she began to grind her pussy on his muscular leg. She pulled his cock out, a string of saliva connecting the two and licked up and down the shaft. 

"Damn girl," Jacob said through ragged breath. She smiled and sucked on just the tip of his cock and tasted the sweetness of his pre-cum as she reached up and ran her nails gently down his stomach. He reached his hand out to touch her and she pushed it away and flashed a devilish grin as she continued pleasuring him. 

He had a mixed look of confusion and bliss on his face as she swallowed the length of his pole. He threw his head back and closed his eyes as she grinded her pussy on him and jerked him off while sucking on his throbbing head. 

A few moments later she felt his body tense up and she knew he was about to shoot his load. As more pre-cum leaked out she stopped and crawled up his body and straddled him and kissed him passionately. 

"Don't stop Peri," he gasped between kisses. "Damn baby, don't stop now." 

She just smiled at him and sucked on his neck and ran her fingers through his hair. She scooted down some, careful not to let her pussy touch his steadily leaking dick, and sucked on his nipples. She rolled one around and bit it before sucking it again. 

"Peri?" he said looking at her, still in the throes of what was going to be an extremely powerful orgasm. "Why'd you stop?" 

She looked up at him.

"Breaks over," she smiled climbing out of the bin. She adjusted her clothes, passed him his tights and shorts and headed back out to the break room to find Mr. Walker. 

By the time Jacob made it back out to the "North Pole" he was about 10 minutes late from break. He gave Peri a bewildered look and headed to the front of the line to help the kids. While they were waiting he exchanged glances with Peri who smiled nonchalantly. 

Jacob glanced at the clock and sighed. An hour and a half more and he was free of the tights and the whining children. He hoped afterward Peri would finish what she had started. 

When she left him he began to finish himself off but heard someone coming in and had to hurry up and get dressed. He tried to go to the bathroom but someone took a dump and he couldn't hold his breath long enough to jack off. Instead he stuffed his aching, still rock hard prick back in his tight spandex shorts and waddled back out to the North Pole. 

It had gotten so busy that Jacob and Peri didn't really have much time to talk until about the last 45 minutes. Peri stood, sweating next to Santa's throne with a fake smile plastered on her face. He stood next to her and nudged her side. 

"Only 45 minutes left and only 5 kids in line," he whispered. 

"Thank goodness," she said looking up at him.

"So uh, about earlier..." he said trailing off. She just looked at him.

"Yeah?"

"Why didn't you finish what you started?"

"I told you," she smirked, "break was over."

He chuckled.

"Seriously?"

"Seriously."

"Well are you gonna finish?"

She grinned as she helped the child back to their mother, ignoring his question. He shifted slightly as he looked at her ass when she walked away. Even through the cheesy elf costume, her ass was superb. The dress was definitely too short for her; it was good for him but not necessarily for the kids. All night he watched her bend at the knees carefully and constantly pull the dress down when it rode up. 

Not only was she taller than Tanisha, but she was more curvaceous and her T and A took up a lot more room that Tanisha's would have, making the dress a bit tighter than it should have been. He chuckled when he saw some of the dads checking out her ass too as she helped their kids get their pictures taken. Her long smooth, flawless legs were the main attraction though; even if he wasn't a leg man. 

After he helped the second to the last kid Peri came and stood next to him. 

"What are you doing after this?" he asked her.

"Shower, bed. The usual."

"I'm good company if you want some," he grinned. 

She laughed. 

"You are, I agree."

Just then she helped the child down and the next one up, then rejoined him. 

"So do you?" he asked.

"Do I what?" she asked, pretending to forget his offer.

"Want some company?"

"Now how would that look to your father, my boss?" she asked.

"He wouldn't know where I was."

"I think he knew about the uh... Flat tire incident on the way to Virginia."

"Did he say something?"

"No, I can just tell."

"Then so what?" he shrugged.

"Then maybe we shouldn't mess around anymore, it's not worth my job," she said as she went to help the last child up. This time she stood on the opposite side and watched Jacob in her peripheral vision. He looked aggravated and confused. She plastered the fake smile outside but on the inside she had a grin like the Cheshire cat. 

Finally, the store closed and all the children were gone. Mr. Walker pulled off his beard and hat and unbuckled his coat. 

"Whew! That was a great night! Thank you Peri for everything. I owe you one!" he beamed at her. 

"You're welcome Mr. Walker. It wasn't as bad as I thought it would be," she confessed.

"Well next year, I'll definitely have you here instead of what's-her-name. Jacob, good job son. Even though you stood there and watched Peri do most of the work, I still appreciate you being here," he smiled. 

"Sure Pop," he sighed, half-smiling.

"Well Jake is up in the office, I'm gonna go see how much longer until he locks the doors. You kids wanna meet me outside? Peri, I have that cake recipe for your mother in my car."

"Sure thing," she said pulling her dress down.

"Jacob, show her out the back, I'll let your uncle know you'll be out in the back alley."

"Yes, sir."

Mr. Walker headed toward the manager's office and Peri and Jacob to the backroom to retrieve their things. When Peri had her purse and coat she followed Jacob out the back door and they waited for Mr. Walker.

"So that's it?" Jacob asked.

"What's it?"

"You don't want to mess around anymore? My dad's not gonna fire you girl," he chuckled, "he loves you."

"Yeah, well I think it's best to make sure," she said pulling out her cellphone. "Alina called me like 5 times, I wonder what's up..." she said stepping away and ignoring Jacob as she engrossed herself in her cellphone. 

She felt Jacob watching her and grinned to herself, her back toward him. The next thing she knew, he had come up behind her and slipped his left arm around her waist. His breath was warm on her neck as he whispered to her.

"Liar."

She didn't answer as he began to kiss her neck and rub his hand up and down her midsection. He pulled her into him and she felt the stiffness of his cock on her ass and was instantly turned on. His right arm came around her and rubbed her breast searching for her nipple. 

When he found it he pinched it hard through the material of her costume and she sucked in air and leaned her head back on his shoulder. She reached around and pulled him closer into her and grinded on the hardness of his prick. 

As he continued to kiss her, his left arm reached down to the bottom of her dress and pulled it up. Then he grabbed her pussy through her pantyhose, making her whimper lightly. Slowly but surely he slipped his hand inside her tights and felt the wetness of her damp mound. It was hairless except for the landing strip which was his favorite. He rubbed up and down her warm slit while he nibbled on her earlobe gently. 
