 Angels Need A Good Fuck, Too Ch. 01

It all started with the ringing of my dreadful alarm clock. Bong, bong, bong was the signal for another long boring day of my freshman year in college had begun. I got up stretching my arms wide, yawning and wondering what new and exciting adventures I would be missing today.

I had a regular morning routine. It consisted of rushing for the bathroom to release the every morning pain of having to release the piss from a night of sleep, brushing my teeth for about thirty seconds. Then jumping in the shower to finally wake up followed by putting my clothes on. Then I rushed out the door with my book bag on my back. It was the same ole thing that every boring day of my life brings, at least, so far.

To part from the story of my school life a bit, I'm not a handsome man. Actually I'm quite the opposite. Let's start by saying I'm not the lightest feather on the chicken. Then there's the half-scabbed up pimples I have on my face from constantly touching of my face when I get nervous. My hair has no discipline and is always messed up because my mother could never cut it just the way I liked it. The clothes I wore everyday were old and worn out because I was too damned poor to get nicer clothes. 

Then it's impossible to forget the shoes. What shoes! They're the type of shoes you wear se are the type of shoes that in the mud, water, grease, oil, dirt, it don't matter because that's the only pair you own. And finally, on your back is this book bag that you've used for the last five years. I'm sorry if I'm complaining at all; I'm just trying to give you a mental picture of me.

Now imagine me walking down the sidewalk. Yes, you're thinking what every other woman is thinking, Ewwwwwwwww. Anyhow, every single day, just like clockwork, I walk by my neighbor's house and most beautiful nine-teen year old angel walks out of her front door.

This is the kind of girl you would take to your parents, uncles, aunts, grandparents, friends, it doesn't matter she would be perfect for all occasions. This girl is about five feet 3 inches and about one-hundred ten pounds of pure sex appeal. Long brown hair drops just below her shoulders. The legs that just go on forever,are shapely and she has the two most beautiful, big, brown eyes you have ever seen in your life. Those are the kind of eyes that you want to gaze into for an eternity.

She has the cutest little button nose and the most innocent looking dimples God ever created. And the aroma that comes off her, tantalizing your senses, the sweet smell of butterscotch body wash. It might seem I'm a little more than obsessed with this girl but I'm not. I swear! I am just very observant.

Let me continue. She has small but strong shoulders, and in between those you have the small but perky breasts that point straight out. I always admired her huge nipples that never failed to poke out threw whatever bra and shirt she was wearing. Most of the time, she wore cut-off tank tops so you could always see her mid section. Her tummy was like a washboard, revealing the fact that she must work out at least twice a day.

She constantly wore tight denim jeans that fit the curves of her ass like they were painted on. Oh my God, did I mention her ass yet? Don't get me started on her ass. Let's just say if God ever intended to create the perfect ass, He most certainly out did Himself on this one. Now that you have a decent picture of this angel in disguise, I'll try to get back to my story.

Now where was I? Oh yes, as always she walks out of the front door and jogs by me never noticing I exist. But this day was different. This day she actually bumped into me dropping all her books to the ground. And she had an awfull lot of books I might mention.

Being the gentleman I am, I instantly dropped my book bag to the ground to help her with her stuff. After all was said and done, she looked up at me and thanked me graciously then went on her way. This wasn't one of those quick thank yous that you would say to your Mom for fixing your dinner for you. That just wouldn't be plausible.

She looked straight into my eyes, passing the pimple mess on my face and slowly said, "Thaaank youuu". She gave me a quick smile and flashed those cute dimples my way. I watched with excitement as she slowly walked away from me, swaying her hips back and forth with each thrust of her leg.

When I got to school I could tell that I was a few minutes late, because there wasn't anyone standing outside on the campus yard. So I ran straight to class and jumped into my desk. Naturally when the professor saw that I was late,he decided to make an example out of me by asking, "Derrick, are you aware that this class begins at 8:00 a.m. every day?")

Embarrassed, I looked around the class and noticed for the first time that my secret angel was sitting by the window and one row back in this same classroom. I started to sweat. My pulse quickened and I couldn't breathe. 

Never making eye contact with my desire I noticed that something had changed between me seeing her in front of her house and my getting to the classroom; she had changed her jeans. She was now wearing a pink skirt with her white tank top. 

With my head down, I noticed that I could glance up her skirt to her legs and saw that they were spread apart just a tiny bit; just enough for me to see her white panties covering up her mound of sex. Very amazed, I looked straight up her legs and couldn't take my eyes away.

Noticing me, she smiled and nodded at me. I guess she hadn't realized that it was her crouch that I was looking at and not her beautiful face. 

The next morning I built enough courage to ask if we could walk to school together.

She smiled and said, "Sure I would love to have a personal escort."

"Great! My name is Derrick . We've lived next door for about six years now and I don't know yours?" I ventured to learn the name of the lovely Angel that was beside me.

"Oh," she giggled, "It's Jessica I'm sorry, I thought you knew it." She was blushing.

So I started walking her to and from school every day. We talked about our days and how much studying we both had. One day I mentioned that I was good at math. I don't know how the subject came up but she seemed delighted.

"Oh great then, you can come over after school and show me how to do a few problems." She directed. 

I was ecstatic that she would invite me over to her house. Without hesitation I accepted her invitation.

After school we walked to her house. She invited me in and showed me around the place. After the grand tour, I noticed that there wasn't anyone there but us. She just couldn't be living in this huge house alone. That would just be too sweet of a thing.

I asked her where her parents were. She said, "My parents died in a car accident when I was three, and my grandpa has been raising me ever since."

I told her "I'm sorry, it must be hard?"

She smiled and said, "It's ok. I've been over it for many years and I think of my grandfather as my real father now."

She took me into the living room and pulled her books out of her bag. My Jessica told me to join her on the floor as she lay down on her stomach in front of the television. I quickly pull my books out and joined her.

As we were getting our books together to work on, she asked me to run into the kitchen and grab two glasses out of the cupboard and get us some orange juice out of the fridge. 

I did as she asked me to do. And when I was walking back into the living room I noticed that her skirt was riding up her legs as she lie there. Once again I saw that she was wearing skimpy little white cotton panties. I couldn't do anything but just stand there with two glasses of orange juice and stare.

The view of my angel's ass from behind was just too much to bear. Her legs were long and smooth. The knee-high socks she was wearing made her look like she was in a schoolgirl outfit. 

When I looked a little closer I could see the lips on her pussy pushing threw the panties. The more I stared the more I wondered if her cunt was shaven clean or if she kept it natural.

Right then and there I made it my mission, that night, to find out.

I laid the two glasses of juice down beside us and then we began our homework. 

At first we were both as silent as mice. I don't know if it was because of our nervousness or because she was studying hard on her math. All I know is that all I could think about was those white panties I had seen and what was hiding underneath them.

It seemed like hours went by. Every ten minutes or so I would suddenly have to go to the bathroom, at least that's what I told her. The fact was I just couldn't get enough of her underwear and I had to keep sneaking peeks up her legs. I mean, what guy can know that a beautiful woman's panties are showing and not try to get a peek whenever he could.

I felt like a pervert more and more but I just couldn't stop myself. I think it was just about two hours that I went back and forth whenever possible. When I noticed that she was starting to doze off, I just kept to my books and tried not to think about my mission as long as I could. But when I noticed she was sleeping, it was all I could think about.

After about twenty minutes of her sleeping pretty soundly, I called out her name. I called out her name about six or seven times before I decided she was definitely sleeping good. 

I slowly scooted toward her until my head was at about her mid section. With my left hand, I touched the back of her calf. I touched as lightly as I could trying not to disturb her in anyway. If she woke up with my hand on her leg, it would probably be the end of our relationship.I had to be careful at all times.

When I starting feeling more and more comfortable that she wasn't going to wake up anytime soon, I slid the palm of my hand up her calf and onto her thigh. I slowly began to caress her thigh and ass. I didn't get enough nerve to raise her skirt any until I noticed that the front of it was already above her panties. I figured the moving she did while we were studying hiked the skirt up without her knowledge. So I decided what harm would it be to hike the back up as well? I mean it might as well be even right?

So I slowly raised the skirt up above her delicious ass. The sight of her derrierr underneath those panties was just too much for my cock. I felt my jeans restricting my prick (sug. pecker, prick, penis, tallywacker; any of the many words used for cock ,don't want to use the same word over and over) from getting to its full potential. It hurt so bad there was only one thing I could do and that was to unzip my pants and release the tension. So here I was with my tallywacker hanging out leaning over a sleeping beauty with her ass hanging out.

What could I do, I mean really? Was I supposed to just be a gentleman and bring the girl a blanket and miss out on all this excitement? Hell no! Very carefully, I used my left palm and fingers to gently massage her right ass cheek. She felt so hard and firm I just couldn't get enough of her delicious skin. The more I felt around, the more comfortable and risky I got.

After about five minutes of getting a palm full of her sweet ass, I snuck a few fingers up into her underwear from underneath the panties. Feeling the soft skin of her cheek drove me crazy. I slowly pushed my whole hand up into her undies. At first I just squeezed and caressed her bare butt. Then I began to use my pinky finger to slide up and down her crack. The warmth that was coming from her pussy drove me lower and lower down to her anal.

With the other hand I started to rub the head of my cock. The feeling of one hand on my cock and my other spreading her ass cheeks apart almost made me cum instantly. So I had to quit rubbing off and on or I was going to blow my wad all over her carpet. I might be a huge pervert but I'm not going to do that. That is just too low and dirty.

Anyhow, I kept pushing my fingers up and down her crack until I finally found her asshole. I didn't know what to do. I could go further, but she could easily wake up. I decided to be happy with what I had in my hands. Slowly I rose up and put my leg on the other side of her. With my cock hanging out of my pants and her ass in my hand I had to start rubbing my dick some more. I just had to.

The harder I pumped on my rod the harder I squeezed her ass. In no time at all, I felt my balls churning with desire. I knew I was about to cum. I didn't have time to do anything but lie down on top of her. My seed began to spurt hard and fast. I had the head of my penis positioned right in between her legs. Sticky sperm splashed all over her panties and on her inner thighs. I just knew I was going to get caught.

Just then I heard an engine running outside in the garage. Her grandpa was just getting back from wherever the fuck he was at. I quickly zipped up my pants and pulled her skirt down. The chance of me getting away with this was very slim. All I could think about was he seeing me leaning over his granddaughter.

Charles catching me on his granddaughter wasn't even the part I was the most worried about. It was the fact that she was going to find out what I did. Would she call the cops? Would she ever talk to me again? These questions ran threw my head over and over again.

When I heard the keys jingling at the front door, I jumped to my side of the floor and fast pretended to be sleeping. As he walked in the door, he would notice both of us right away. 

To him it looked like we both fell asleep studying. With the books open all over, it was the perfect disguise. When he went into the kitchen I felt much better about the chances of me getting away with the naughty deed I pulled off.

After about an eternity it seemed Charles came back into the living room and yelled for us to wake up.

"Jessica, Jessica, JESSICA", he yelled.

After the third call, she raised her head up and nodded towards his direction. Showing him that she heard his calls.

"Are we having company for dinner tonight?" he asked.

"Umm, umm, umm," she looked over at me and asked," Would you like to stay for dinner?"

Excited about the fact I just got away with all that I did I said, "yes," just out of respect, "I would love to" I replied with the biggest smile on my face.

"Great! Its settled then, I'll set another plate at the table," Charles said.

Jessica and I got up about the same time. But when she did she sort of looked down at her skirt and got really red in the face.

"Umm, umm, I need to go change for supper", she called out.

My guess is that she felt the wetness in between her legs and all over her panties, and thought that she had some kind of a sex dream. Now I don't know how girls have sex dreams; I don't know if they actually cum or not. But I think that's what she thought at this moment anyhow.

She rushed to the bathroom quite quickly. I followed Charles into the kitchen. After all I got away with I was more than happy to get on his good side by helping with the food and the preparations. What can I say? My desires just got a hold of me and I couldn't resist myself.

After dinner was finished, Charles went to bed. Jessica and I put the plates away. After we were finished she asked me if I wanted a beer. I was like, "Sure why not," She gave me a beer and we went and sat on the couch.

As she sat down I noticed what she changed to. Jessica still had on her little white tank top. But instead of her skirt she had swimming trunks on. You know those real loose kind that have a white strip going down the leg part? 

Every now and then she lifted her legs up and I got a peek of white panties. Not nearly long enough to know whether they were cotton or not but they were noticeably white. Her shoes and socks were gone so she must have taken them off in her bedroom. Anyhow, she suggested that we watch the movie "Next Friday." I said sure why not, I haven't seen that one yet.

After about five beers and an hour of the movie I started to get pretty drunk. I looked over at Jessica and I could clearly see that she was extremely drunk. I'm not sure but I think she drank more beers than I did. I really didn't want to walk home in the middle of the night, so I decided to just lay my head back and fall asleep. It may have been rude to just go to sleep but hey, I never claimed I was perfect.

I probably dozed off for about thirty minutes before I heard Jessica whisper my name. At first I didn't know where I was but it finally dawned on me that I was still on her couch. I didn't open my eyes but I could feel a blanket thrown over me.

I also felt hot air by my neck so I knew that she was close to my face. Again I heard her whisper my name. Just before I opened my eyes I felt something strange. Suddenly I felt the blanket lift up off of my right side. Then I felt it fall back down.


At first, I didn't know what to think then I felt the blanket move some. It was then that I realized Jessica was underneath the blanket. Not just next to me but in between my legs.

I had to prop one eye open just a tiny bit. I could barely make out that she was wearing nothing but a nightshirt and panties. What the heck was she up to? 

She reached up to the top of my blanket and slowly, noiselessly, pulled it down at the corner to expose most of my body clad in only my jeans and boxers. I'm not sure how my shirt got off but it was off now and that was the farthest thing from my mind at this time anyhow.

I was being careful not to change my breathing one bit. I had to let her think I was sleeping so I could see where this was going. The only thing that was popping into my mind was that just maybe, she was actually awake when I did my dirty deed.

Jessica then reached for my crotch with both hands and delicately unsnapped the button in front. Then my entire world was rocked! She reached inside my boxers and gently pulled out my flaccid penis. I could feel her hot breath all over. I was getting hot. God it was hot in there!

Not reacting to this was perhaps the hardest thing I've ever done in my life. At first I was embarrassed that Jessica might see my cock. Then, she was holding my cock in her hand! Suddenly I knew: this was the moment I've been dreaming about for years.

She must have thought I was blacked out. Before I could think any further, she lowered her head to my groin and popped my soft dick into her warm, moist mouth. Dear God in Heaven!! I thought about putting a stop to this but just as quickly that wonderful blowjob feeling overwhelmed me.

To my partial embarrassment, my cock started stiffening in her mouth but I could see that this is exactly what she wanted. As her head gently bobbed up and down swallowing a good portion of my 8-inch dick, she kept looking up at me for any signs of my waking.

Jessica gave me head gently, quietly, and lovingly; my brain spun as I tried to understand just what all of this meant. She slathered her hot saliva all over my big dick and pulled her head off for a moment while softly stroking it with her hand. She looked up at me to be extra sure and then leaned back over to continue her slow motion sucking.

To my amazement, I saw Jessica reach under her tank top with one hand and begin to fondle her boobs as she moved her lips over my now fully erect cock. She pulled and pinched on the puffy nipples that had begun to push against the inside of her tank top. Her sucking became a little more urgent then. Watching my desire to play with her tits was too much. Soon I felt cum rising to my cock. But she didn't stop. Quickly I thought, well, I didn't wake up before so I better not wake up now!

My hips were moving involuntarily; Jessica didn't stop so this must have been normal. When I saw her hand quickly move to the front of her panties and rub her crotch I couldn't stand it anymore. I came into my Angel's mouth, I tried not to thrust too hard.
