 It all started very innocently. Patty and I just installed a pool with this huge deck around it and invited about 40 friends over to christen it. One of the couples invited was Joe and Angie. They were the parents of one of Patty's kid's friends. Joe was a Jack and Coke drinker and Angie a beer drinker. I had never meet Angie before but she was a looker. Not very tall but a very pretty face and a body to match.

Our parties are always very casual with everyone helping themselves to food and drinks. I spent most of my time around the bar and the grill doing burgers and brats so I didn't get much time to talk to Joe and Angie until later in the night when they wanted to start doing shots of tequila. There were about a dozen people left when Joe started pouring the shots. Most people were feeling no pain by this time so the shots went down pretty easy.

After the second shot Joe said he had to go take their baby sitter home. He said he'd be back to pick up Angie later. It wasn't long after he left that the party moved into the pool. I turned the pool light on and jumped in. Several people, including Angie, didn't have swimsuits but that didn't stop them from getting in. Angie and another girl took their shorts and bra off to swim in just their thongs and tank top. Everyone was in the pool having one hell of a time drinking and just being stupid.

With the pool being new we didn't have all the kinks worked out yet. The pool light would turn off every couple minute and would kick back on after a few minutes. I wasn't in a state of mind to worry about it so we lived with it. Since we live out of town every time the light went out it was pitch black. When the light went out for the fourth or fifth time I felt someone grab my ass. I figured it was Patty so of course I return the favor. Instantly I knew the ass I was squeezing wasn't Patty's. I've squeezed hers enough to know this ass was slightly larger but yet very firm. When the light came back on I realized it was Angie's. She gave me this sexy look out of the corner of her eye. Instant hard-on! I knew the next time the light would go off I was going back to Angie.

I made my way towards Angie and held up my beer to toast the fun night. She tapped her beer can to mine and gave me that sexy sneaky look again. I set my beer on the side of the pool just as the light went out. Angie back was right in front of me. I put my arms around her waste and reached up under her tank top. She instinctively lifted her arms so I could have easy access to her tits. Her nipples were hard and long. I pinched and squeezed them s I brought my lips to her neck. I could tell she enjoyed being felt up. I knew I didn't have a lot of time before the light came back on so I released her tits and squeezed her ass as I put a little distance between us. The light came on and I headed for my beer. Angie and I continued to play our little groping game a little while longer. I'd squeeze her tits and then she'd play with my prick and balls every time the light went out.

Slowly people started getting out of the pool and headed for the house. Soon a coworker of mine, Kim, her boyfriend, Brian, Angie and I were the only one's left in the pool. Brian was all over Kim and paid no attention to Angie and me. Angie and I talked and drank when the light was on but as soon as it went off my hands were all over her body. I finally got the nerve to reach into her thong and discovered she was totally shaven. Taking two fingers I slowly began to rub circles over her clit; gently at first but increasingly harder. With all this foreplay she came in a matter of seconds. She started shivering and let out a few moans as she tried to control her orgasm. When the lights came back on she didn't want me to quit. I looked over at Brian and Kim and I could tell they didn't give a shit who else was in the pool, so I kept my arms around Angie. I whispered in ear how much fun that was and that I didn't want to quit. I began kissing her neck and continued to run a circular motion over her clit even with the light on.

When the light when off she turned to face me, pulled out my cock from my shorts. She then pulled her thong to the side, wrapped her legs around me and guided my member to her awaiting hole. We started humping which caused waves in the pool. No one seemed to care. As with Angie, it didn't take long for me to cum. As I shot my wad into her warm moist pussy Angie came again. Just as the waves of pleasure subsided the light came back on. Kim and Brian didn't pay any attention to the waves we had made in the water.

Neither one of us said a word. We just held each other until the light went off again. We kissed a final time and got out of the pool to head to the house. What happened in the house is another story....