 [This is a work of fiction. With the exception of some place geography, all events and characters are fictitious. Any resemblance to actual person, living or dead, is purely coincidental.]

*

It had begun snowing three hours earlier, back in Nebraska. The snow had slowly but steadily increased in intensity until now, as I was driving, or trying to, along I-80, somewhere in Iowa, between Omaha and Des Moines, the snow had become a full fledged blizzard. Conditions were not yet at white-out level, but the very next thing to it. Stupidly, I had kept driving. I should have sought shelter at least two hours ago, but the transition to blizzard conditions was so gradual that I did not realize I was in trouble until it was too late. Now, I was creeping along at thirty miles an hour or less, usually less, groping my way along, trying to stay on the road. 

I was on my way home to Peoria from a business trip to Denver. I had found the perfect Christmas gift for my parents and I was brining it with me. I was twenty-eight and was three years past a messy divorce. Thank God there were no kids to be involved. I was headed home to a bleak Christmas in a bleak apartment in downtown Peoria. I would have an enjoyable time with my parents on a farmstead in Iroquois County, but then it would be back to Peoria and my job. That is, I would be if I survived this blizzard.

All the road signs had long since been obliterated by the snow, driven by the fierce, straight west wind. Add to that the constant problem of the wipers and windshield icing up as the heater/defroster just could not keep up. Seeing overhead signs, or any others that warned of off ramps and/or gave location information were as impossible to see as the off ramps themselves. The only reason I could see much at all, was my driving with the wind that was driving the snow in a perfectly horizontal line around and in front of me. I was very glad indeed, to be driving my full time, all wheel drive Audi.

My headlights were next to useless. I was down to ten miles an hour when, off to my right, I saw headlights shinning into the sky at a 45 degree angle and a figure standing in their glare! Even at only ten miles an hour, it took a bit to get fully stopped on the shoulder without myself sliding into the ditch. There was a momentary flare of brilliant, white light, but it passed almost as quickly as it appeared. The figure must have seen my brake lights go on before my pickup disappeared from his view, because the next thing I knew, the figure was knocking on the passenger side door glass. I lowered the electric window and yelled above the howl of the wind for the figure to get in. In these conditions, I was willing to risk the danger to save a life from freezing to death out there. 

A somewhat elderly, male voice said, "Thank you, sonny, I don't think I would have lasted much longer, waiting for someone to come by and see me. I'm near froze to death!"

"You're very lucky," I replied, "you're right. You would likely have frozen quickly in the open like that. Why did you not stay inside the vehicle with the heater?"

"Because," he replied, "I might get missed. Anyway, I went into the ditch backwards and the tail pipe was buried in snow and maybe dirt because the engine quit pretty soon after I stopped. No engine, no heat! My name is Theodore, but I have always been known as Ted."

"My name is Frank," I said, "glad to meet you, Ted and glad I could be of some assistance to you. Do you live somewhere nearby or are you traveling too?"

"I live about five miles north of the next exit. We should be getting close, so if you slow to a crawl, I think I will recognize the off ramp." He did, but I barely got up to the overpass on that drifted ramp. My four wheel drive Audi is the only reason we made it. The township road north to Ted's place was as bad or worse and again, without four wheel drive, we would never have made it. The same was true of his lane. In fact, we did get stuck a few rods short of the farmhouse. "Don't worry, when the blow is over, I can get you out with my tractor and clean the lane," said Ted, "Right now, let's get to the house." 

We made it to the house, but I think we were lost for just a bit in the off an on white-out. I was scared and I think Ted was too, though he would never admit it. The appearance of a brief gap in the white-out showed us the house off to our left and we made the final plunge through the waist deep drifts just as visibility dropped to zero again. We stomped as much of the snow off as we could on the enclosed porch and then entered the kitchen of the snug and warm farmhouse.

As we were removing our wet outer clothing, a slight sound caused me to turn around to the doorway into the interior of the house. There, wheeling through the door was a wheelchair containing an absolutely stunning woman! "DAD!" she shouted, "I was worried to death about you! What happened?"

She was a most beautiful creature. Long red hair, carefully brushed and combed. Brown eyes that glinted with amusement--and something else. She was the picture of a magazine cover model but she did not need and did not wear the extensive make-up of such a model. Full and sensuous lips lay under a pert little nose. Her crinkly little smile would melt butter! Although not really large, her breasts were definitely there! More than a handful each! She had long arms and long, very sensual fingers--piano player fingers. Her nails were not covered, just a clear lacquer finish. She was dressed in Jeans, blouse, and a red, knit sweater.

"Frank, I would like to introduce you to my daughter, Ellie. Ellie, this is Frank. He picked me up after my pickup went into the ditch just before our turn off."

"Hello, Ellie," I said.

Ellie looked my way and said, "Hello, Frank," and looking back to her father, she said, "I told you not to try to go out in this weather. See what happens? You could have died out there!"

"It's all right, Kitten, it's all right. I'm back and unharmed. Is this anyway to greet our guest? This looks to be a real blow and I'm afraid he is stuck here for the duration."

"I'm sorry," said Ellie, "I imagine you're both half frozen. Let me fix you some hot chocolate." She wheeled herself over to the cabinets and was reaching for the one above the counter.

I stepped over and asked, "May I help?"

Ellie, pointing, replied, "That door. The Ovaltine can is on the second shelf. If you will get it down for me, please." I caught her getting a quick look my way as I reached up for the Ovaltine. "Thank you," she said as I handed her the can. "You can get out three cups, saucers, and small plates from the cabinet next to the one you were in and place them on the table, please." Ellie wheeled herself over to the fridge and took out a gallon of milk. She got a large sauce pan from the lower cabinet and poured in some milk and then measured Ovaltine into it, stirred the mixture, and then wheeled over to the stove where she set the pan on to heat.

I set the plates, cups, and saucers on the table and found the silverware drawer where Ellie was pointing as she stirred the pan on the stove. I got out three spoons, "Forks, too, Ellie said, and placed them on the table. She got out a hot pad and placed it under the hot sauce pan on the table. From a bread box, She also produced some cinnamon dinner rolls which she heated quickly in the microwave. We all sat down to sip and eat. "These rolls are exquisite," I said, "and they look and taste homemade."

"Thank you, I made them this morning," said She.

"They are delicious! I have never tasted better!"

"Ellie is quite a cook," Said Ted, "she has had to be, since her mother died some years ago."

"Don't let him fool you," said Ellie, "Dad is quite a cook himself."

We talked on of the weather, some politics, and other stuff for some time. I even mentioned I was still recovering from a messy divorce. At one point, as I was looking at Ellie, I said, "Your Christmas decorations are subtle and very good. They show a deft touch. I wish I had a Christmas present for you to place under the tree." 

She smiled and said, "Thank you, Frank" I kept looking at Ellie much of the time as we talked and I noticed she was looking at me every time I looked her way. 

It was getting late and Ted excused himself saying, "It's well past my bedtime and I am done in. I'm going to turn in. Ellie will show you to the guest room when you two decide to call it a night. Goodnight.""Goodnight," Ellie and I chorused together. 

When Ted had gone to bed, Ellie said, "Let's go into the front room by the fire. It will be cozy and warm in there." Again, the Christmas decorations were well done and subtle. The tree in the outside corner opposite the fireplace wall was aglow in its beauty. The tree and the fire were the only light sources in the room. Ellie said, "Frank, lift me out of the chair and set me down on the couch. I gently got my arms under her knees and around her back and transferred Ellie to the couch. 

I was a bit awkward as I had never done anything like that before. Ellie said, with a chuckle, "Don't be afraid to grab me, I won't break!" I replaced the blanket over her legs. After we were comfortably seated next to each other on a couch in front of the fire, Ellie said, "Tell me about yourself, Frank. What do you do? Where do you come from? Why do you keep looking at me?

Keeping a straight face, albeit, a slightly red one, I gave her a short resume of my life. I told her I was twenty-eight, CEO of my own consulting company, and a little more detail about my divorce, including the fact that there were no children from the marriage. I told her I was returning to Peoria from a business trip to Denver. I also added, "And I keep looking at you because you are the most beautiful creature I have ever seen!"

Ellie blushed and replied, "More beautiful than your ex-wife?"

"Yes, absolutely" I answered, "My ex-wife was--and still is, a very good looking woman, but she was never beautiful in the way that you are, a beauty that glows from the inside out with a real radiance. Now it's your turn. Tell me about you--and why you keep looking at me." 

She began, "I am twenty-five, single and not dating, never married. Riding a wheelchair pretty much ended my dating career even before it got started. My paralysis, from the waist down, is due to a car accident when I was fourteen. Mother was severely injured in the accident and died of complications sixteen months later. I did manage to graduate high school and even college with an MBA. I manage a small business franchises along the Interstate between Omaha and Des Moines. I stay here with Dad and we look after each other. And I keep looking at you for two reasons. One, I like you a lot, and two, well, to put it bluntly, I am still a virgin and I am ready to become a woman. Oh, I have used a dildo , but I never broke my maidenhead. I felt the spark jump between us the moment our eyes first met. That can be your Christmas present to me--to make me a woman at last."

"Yes, I felt that spark too, but was afraid it was only one way," I said as I placed my arm around her shoulders and drew her close.

"No," Ellie answered as she snuggled even closer into my embrace, "the spark is reciprocal." Ellie began to lightly caress my chest as she continued, "You know, those of us unfortunate enough to be paralyzed still have feelings, even sexual feelings. Sex is mostly in the mind anyway, the rest of the body is just the mechanical means of translating those thoughts." With that, Ellie began to nuzzle and kiss me on the neck. My free hand had found its way to her chest and was caressing her breasts through her blouse but under her sweater. "Unbutton the blouse," Ellie said with a little moan. I did and then I slid her bra up and out of the way and began to play with the bare skin of her breasts and nipples. Ellie began to moan quite steadily. We leaned into each other for a very wet, French kiss that lasted for some time. 

Ellie broke the kiss, panting, and said, "Dad should be asleep by now. Put me back in my chair and I will show you to the guest room and then I want you to take me into your bed." Transferring her went more easily this time.

As I transferred Ellie back to her chair, I thought, Just like that! I can't believe this gorgeous creature wants me, apparently as much as I want her! "Push me down the hall, Frank." I did. At the first door on the left, across from the bathroom, she pointed. She opened the door and I pushed her in. 

I said, "I really need and would like to take a bath or shower and brush my teeth first."

"That's fine," said, She, "you will find everything you need across the hall. You don't need to dress on the way back--you aren't going to need clothes."

"What about you in the meantime?" I asked.

"I'll wait for you here in my chair. I have a book with me I can read."

"Well, Ok," I answered, "I won't be long!"

GOD! I scrammed across the hall, took a quick shower and brushed even more quickly. I wrapped a towel around my waist and carried my clothes with me back to the bedroom. She was still sitting in the wheelchair, waiting for me. "You will have to help me get undressed and help me into bed, Frank, I can't move my legs."

I approached Ellie's chair, knelt down and took her face in my hands and tenderly kissed her all about her face. When I kissed her on her lips, the passion flared. Our mouths opened. Our tongues explored the mouth of each other and then entwined. We licked and sucked in a very hot French kiss that just went on and on. We finally broke the kiss and threw our arms around each other and just held on tight. She began weeping softly. "What's wrong?" I asked. "Did I do something? Did I hurt you?"

"No, you dummy, I am just overcome with happiness and joy. I have wanted this for so long and never thought I could have it. Now I have found you and I never want to let you go. Undress me!" I slowly unfastened her jeans. She kept her arms around my neck and told me to raise her up slightly and pull her jeans and panties off. As I did, the sweet yet musky odor of an aroused pussy drifted up to my nostrils. She was already moist below the flaming red patch of pubic hair that matched that of her head except the pubic hair was a bit darker. I settled Ellie back in her chair as she began to remove the sweater. I helped her shrug out of the sweater and then the blouse which was still flopping open from our session on the couch. That left only her bra and that quickly followed the rest of her clothes onto the nearby cane bottom chair.

From the waist up, She was even more exquisite naked than she was with her clothes on. Her breasts were about 34C, conical with no sag, and topped with quarter or larger size aureola and nipples that now stood fully erect at nearly three quarters of an inch! Her legs were far less withered than one might expect, due, she told me later, to the daily therapy workouts administered by her dad.

Ellie hung on tightly as I put one arm under her knees and the other around her back for the third time, to lift her from the chair onto the bed. This time, it seemed as if I had always done this service for her. We were both trembling, not from fear, but from arousal as she kissed my ears, neck, and face during the transfer. My towel came loose and dropped when I was half way to the bed with her, so she saw my erect cock as I laid her out on her back. "Oh, God," she said, "your p, pe, uh, coc..."

"My cock," I said. "It's a cock."

"All right, your cock," She said, "it's gorgeous. Please, I want to touch it!" Ellie was even wetter now, her pussy leaking fluid on her thighs and down her slit to her butt. I straddled her, right above her tits and she grabbed hold of my cock. "It is gorgeous! How can it be so hard and yet so soft at the same time? It's almost velvety to touch." Ellie moved both hands all over my cock. Then she began to move one hand up and down, moving the uncircumcised foreskin so that the purple helmet of my cock popped out on each down stroke. That seemed to fascinate her. 

Ellie stopped a moment with the head exposed and just looked. Her tongue came out and she gave a tentative lick on that purple bulb while the shaft pulsed and throbbed in her hand. Ellie's tongue then darted into the tiny opening and slurped the pre-cum that was leaking out. She smiled, lustfully and began to lick and suck all around the helmet and then up and down the shaft. I began to talk her through placing the entire head in her mouth and then as much of the shaft as she could. She was a natural cocksucker! Within five minutes, she was deep throating me with her nose resting on my pubic bone! A continuos growl of pleasure was gurgling in her throat.

"You had better quit or I am going to cum real fast. I don't want to do that yet." I backed off, to her quite evident dismay, and tit fucked her for a little bit. I showed her how to push her tits together to help. 

Ellie finally said, "My turn now. My legs may not work, but I still have some feeling in my pussy. Masturbate me. Play with my pussy, oh, God, please play with my pussy!" I did. She was really running with fluids by now. I could not wait any longer. I spread her legs wide, lined up my cock, and began to push it into her. My cock is "average" in length, maybe six or at most, seven inches long. Its girth is between two and three inches. But I was still having trouble getting into Ellie's tight cunt.

I got the head of my dick in and rested, letting Ellie get used to me. With her juices flowing so freely, I was able to push in more as Ellie's cunt expanded to accommodate my cock. Then I felt the resistance of her maidenhead. I said, "Hold on, Ellie, you are about to lose your virginity and become a woman." 

I pushed harder and broke through. She whimpered in pain and said, "Oh, God, it hurts, it hurts!"

"The pain will ease in a minute or two and you will begin to feel the pleasure," I said. I kept easing in, backing out, and easing in again until I was all the way in--balls deep. She began to whimper and moan, not in pain, but in pleasure as my tempo increased. She shuddered in orgasm and I, I--saw a brilliant flash of light that seemed to last forever, but I guess lasted only seconds or slightly longer. 

When I could see again, I said, "What the hell, wh, where am I?" Dazed as I was, I still noticed that, under the sheet, I had cum all over myself, although no one else had noticed--yet. Once again, but silently to myself, I thought, What the hell?

A soft, feminine voice next to me said, "You are in a hospital. You have been in an accident!" I turned to look--there stood a nurse. She was holding my hand, actually, holding my wrist, taking my pulse. "I am glad to see you finally woke up! Your pulse suddenly skyrocketed there just before you woke up and your body spasmed. I wanted to make sure you were ok. Your pulse seems almost normal now."

"What do you mean? What happened?" I asked.

"You received a bad concussion and have been in a coma for four days, Mr. Anstrom."

"Four days! What the hell happened? What day is it, anyway?"

"It is Christmas Day! You were hit, head on, by a car going the wrong way on the Interstate in the snow storm. He was going way too fast. The crash killed the other driver and pushed your car into the man you had stopped to pick up and broke both his legs in several places. You were both very lucky in that still another motorist came up behind you and immediately called 911. He kept you both warm until the ambulance got there. That man with the broken legs is in the other bed over there, in traction for some time yet." I looked over to the other bed--it was Theodore, Ted!

At that moment, I heard a whirring noise at the entrance door to the room. Looking that direction, I saw a motorized wheelchair entering--driven by the most gorgeous creature ever--Ellie! The nurse left and Ellie wheeled up to my bed. In a soft voice only I could hear, she said, "Judging by what you said in your delirium while I sat here holding your hand, I want you to get well as quickly as possible. I want to experience for real, what you were raving about." Ellie's free hand slipped under the sheet and under the waist band of my PJs to grab hold of my sticky cock as she said, "I want you to make me cum for real! I want to be your Christmas present!"