 As the years pass, my past experiences become a lot more interesting. I can't say why; maybe it's because I yearn for those days again. Or it just could be the fact that i ran with a crowd that included a lot of really loose and wild women. That's what i prefer to think anyway. 

One of those girls was named Angie. She was completely average in every respect. She wasn't chubby or thin. She wasn't tall or short. She wasn't busty or flat chested. She fell completely in the middle of everything. Still, she had several outstanding features. 

She was a light skinned blonde, so fair in fact the first time I met her i thought she was albino. She wasn't though, she was just incredibly fair with that white blonde hair. 

She never wore a bra, no matter what. That made every day interesting, just looking at her. You could see her light pink nipples all the time. I loved the fact that she didn't care. It was a treat I enjoyed every day. 

Finally, she had the most amazing lips I'd ever seen. They were the kind you could just imagine wrapped around your cock. I'd heard of blowjob lips, but I'd never seen them until I met her. That mouth and lips drove me to distraction again and again. A simple conversation with her always ended up with me imagining her sucking me dry. Needless to say, I lost my train of thought talking to her quite often. 

After long months of being stuck in the friend zone, my opportunity after a party one night. It was the usual party at her place, interesting food and a lot of alcohol. Angie's favorite thing to do was to put a bottle of vodka in the freezer, then she'd drink it all evening. 

She'd had quite a bit that evening. I noticed she was a bit tipsier than usual. She usually stopped when she was really happy, but that night she'd went for full on blasted. I stayed until everyone left that evening. I figured she could use a little help cleaning up after. 

I started to do just that, but she stopped me. 

"This mess will be here in the morning. Just leave it for now. Come sit and talk to me."

Our usual dynamic was to sit and talk for a while about the usual stuff, then she'd walk me to the door and give me a hug. I figured that was what the evening would be for me, so I sat down on her couch. 

We talked for a while, and I noticed she finished off her bottle. Following her conversation was a bit difficult because of that, she had a tendency to be all over the place when she drank. 

She surprised me that night. She seemed to be in the mood to reminisce. So we got to talking about when we'd met. Finally asked me,

"So what did you think of me when we first met?"

I wasn't really sure what she meant, and I told her that. 

"What was your first impression? What about me caught your eye?"

I went into the usual friends spiel; you seemed nice, yada yada yada. She wasn't buying it though. 

"That's not what I mean."

She had the drunken pout on her face. I could see this going south really quick, so I asked,

"What do you mean then? Give me a hint. Tell me what you noticed first about me."

She giggled at that. She giggled a lot when she was drunk. 

"Ok. I noticed you were an average guy. Nice hair and all that. Then i looked at the front of your jeans and saw you had a nice bulge there."

That was news to me. My friend had checked out my cock? That was an interesting piece of news. 

"Really? You checked out the bulge in my jeans?"

She nodded and giggled again. Leaning forward she whispered in my ear. 

"I did. You've got a big dick. Does that surprise you?"

"Not really. I've had it my entire life."

It was a weak joke, but in her state, she thought it was hilarious. After she'd finished laughing she said,

"I just thought me checking you out might have shocked you."

"It surprised me, but I'm not shocked. I checked you out too."

"Oooooo, tell me. What did you think?"

"I thought you had a nice ass. It was those jeans with the holes in them that caught my eye. Then there was the fact you never wear a bra. Those light pink nipples are great! Finally, i noticed your lips."

That threw her a bit. I could see her trying to understand that last one. 

"My lips? That's weird. What about them?"

"Pardon me for being blunt, but you've got the most amazing lips I've ever seen. They're perfect cocksucker lips."

"Oh my God, really? I never thought about it that way."

She got up then, and staggered over to her mirror. I watched as she looked at her lips in a different light for the first time. She turned her head from side to side looking at her own mouth. Then she did something that made me crazy. Looking at her reflection, she slipped a finger into her mouth, just like she was sucking a small cock. I watched it plunge in and out, sliding into that hot mouth. I was hard in a heartbeat from that show. 

She turned back to me then.

"Wow, you're right! I've got cocksucker lips!"

The little unintentional show she put on, along with her using a word like that had my imagination working overtime. I had to try and keep the conversation going though.

"I completely agree. Just imagine how hard it is when a guy realizes that. It makes talking to you very difficult when he's watching every little move your mouth makes."

"I never thought of it that way. So it's hard huh?"

"Very hard. Even i have trouble with it."

"So are you?"

That puzzled me. 

"Am I what?"

She leaned in and whispered in my ear. 

"Are you hard?"

Oh fuck, I didn't expect this. Immediately my mind raced. How do I respond? I looked into her eyes for a minute before i said,

"If you want to know, you can find out on your own you know."

Her drunken mind processed that, then she did exactly what i was hoping she'd do. At least in my wildest fantasies. 

Her hand reached out, sliding up my thigh until she reached the hard bulge in my jeans. Her eyes went wide then. 

"Oooooo, you are hard. It's bigger than I thought too!"

At that point, I figured the night might be quite a bit of fun. 

"So what are you going to do with it?"

She looked at me with a sly smile and said,

"You're thinking of it in my mouth right now, aren't you?"

Of course I was. But when you're in the position I was in, you try for all you can get. 

"Hell yes! Well, that's part of what's running through my naughty mind."

"There's more? What else?"

"In my imagination, you've slipped off that shirt, and I'm getting a view of those hot little nipples. And of course, your jeans are off. That way i get to see that fantastic ass."

She sat up then and looked at me. I couldn't read the expression on her face, and for a moment I thought I'd went too far and pissed her off. Then she smiled and things got even hotter. 

She stood up, and her shirt came right off. As usual, there was no bra. Her tits weren't huge, but those nipples I'd fantasized about for so long were right there in front of me. My jaw dropped as she slipped off her tight jeans. She stood there then, wearing only a pair of bikini panties. Then she jumped back on the couch, and went back to stoking my cock through my jeans. The feeling and the sight of her almost naked was driving me wild. Then her fake pout came back. 

"This isn't any fair. I'm naked and you aren't."

"I can help with that. Are you ready?"

She just nodded her reply. So u reached down and unbuckled my belt. Her eyes were following every move my hands made. Then i popped the top button open on my jeans. I saw her eyes get a little wider then. I decided to tease her a bit at that point. I reached down and slowly unzipped my jeans. Her eyes were focused on that. I could see her waiting for her first sight of my cock. Lifting my hips slightly, I gave her what she wanted. I slipped my jeans down, and my hard cock sprang out. 

It was literally inches from her face then. She looked at it and said,

"Damn, it is bigger than I thought. How big is it"

"Eight inches, and thicker than usual too."

Her hand went back to work then, jerking me slowly. That's when i knew she'd some experience with this situation. 

"Can I tell you a secret?"

Oh goodie, it's drunken conversation time. Still saying no isn't usually good, so I said,

"Be my guest."

"You're not the first person to tell me about my mouth. My first boyfriend was fascinated with it too. He's the one that taught me how to suck cock. And there's been a lot of others over the years."

What do you say to that? I just nodded and made small sounds of agreement. Finally she said the magic words. 

"Let me show you what I've learned."

With that, she leaned forward. Those fantastic lips parted, and i felt the heat of her mouth for the first time. That hot wet mouth wrapped itself around my length like a velvet glove. She paused briefly with the head of my cock in her mouth, then she started the slow slide down my shaft. 

I watched those fantastic lips wrapped around me, sliding lower and lower. Damn, she was good! She took about three quarters of my length, then started giving me her best. I could feel her tongue slipping and sliding around my shaft as sucked. She wasn't in any hurry, and neither was I. I wanted this moment to last as long as it could. 

I sat back and watched her head bobbing up and down on me. I could see her body too, and that just added to the excitement. Those pale pink nipples were on view, and hard with excitement. I could see her tight ass encased in those cotton panties. All in all, it was one of the most erotic sights I'd seen in my short life. 

She pulled up and off me then. 

"Want to see me take it all?"

Oh fuck yes! But i had to challenge her. 

"You can try, but most girls can't. They try, but they fail."

She smirked at that. 

"Fucking amateurs. Watch this."

She wrapped those lips around me again, and this time the show slide down didn't stop until i felt her lips against my balls. She looked up then to make sure I'd seen that, then she started taking me into her throat again and again. 

The combination of the feeling of that and the sight of her doing her sluttish best was going to make me cum. I knew that right away. Still i held off for as long as i could. 

I felt that familiar sensation in my balls, and knew was time. I pulled her head up quickly though. 

She looked puzzled until I said,

"I'm gonna cum. Do you swallow?"

"Every time. Go ahead, cum in my mouth."

She slammed her head back down in my shaft, and that's all it took. I shot right into her wet sucking mouth. I don't ever remember cumming that much. The situation and her naked body inspired me to greater heights. 

She took every drop, swallowing again and again. She kept going until she had every drop, then released my cock. She crawled up my body then, and laid down on me. 

I held her there until she fell asleep. Actually, she passed out. So i figured why not? I'll spend the night. Not to much later I fell asleep too. 

I woke up the next morning on the couch. She was gone, and there was a blanket over me. I laid there remembering the events of the night before when I heard Angie stirring around. After a little while, she came out wearing a thin robe. 

She sat down next to me, and finally said,

"Well, that was an interesting evening."

That worried me a bit. She was incredible in bed, at least so far. But i valued her friendship. 

"Is it going to be a problem?"

She thought for a moment before she answered. 

"No, it's not a problem. I really enjoyed it. But I'm not looking for something permanent if you know what i mean."

"That's fine with me. I'm good with that."

She looked at me then and said,

"So how about something casual? You know, when we don't have anyone else? We could enjoy each other."

That was fine with me. She smiled at that, and raised and eyebrow when i said,

"What about right now?"

She answered by standing up and dropping her robe, exposing her completely naked body. 

I ended up leaning her over there back of her couch and fucking her. As i enjoyed her pussy for the first time, I knew my college years would be fun.