 Angie: Not So Innocent Afterall Ch. 2

This is intended for adults 21 and over only. If you are offended by graphic descriptions of a sexual nature, please, don't read this or download it. If this is illegal wherever you are reading this stop now.

The Angie series written in 1996 is my first attempt at erotic writing. 

* * * * *

The next day I spent thinking about Angie and the great sex we had the night before. Every time I saw her throughout the day I remembered the touch of her soft skin as I had caressed her legs, thighs and well-proportioned rear end. I pictured her beautiful 36" breasts melting in my mouth when I sucked on her nipples, making them hard. I must have relived the moment a hundred times when Angie sucked every ounce of cream out of me. What an incredible night we had.

We were both looking forward to this evening for another session of sexual play to satisfy our appetites all over again. It seemed like the day would never end and every time Angie and I made eye contact while we worked, we knew what the other was thinking. Unfortunately, Angie finished work an hour before me, which only made my anticipation that much more unbearable. But, I managed to struggle through the last hour with the constant thought of what tonight's lovemaking would bring.

After work I couldn't wait to get to Angie's apartment. I knocked on the door and when it opened, there she was standing in her half-opened robe that was just draped over her shoulders. I could see underneath that she only had on a skimpy pair of lacey panties. Obviously, she was anxious to get right at it too. She certainly was one hot looking young lady with an incredible sexual appetite. We went to her bedroom where I undressed in a hurry while Angie laid on the bed watching me while slipping off her tiny panties down those gorgeous slender legs. Angie stroked her fingers up the inside of her thighs spreading her legs wide for me to see her juicy pussy.

"I've been horny all day thinking about you." she said, stroking her fingers across her cunt lips. "I need your cock inside me."

" Don't worry " I said. "You'll get my cock. But, right now I have something else in mind."

With that I crawled onto the bed between her legs to get a taste of her lucious body. She was already wet and dripping. I didn't want to make her orgasm too quickly, so I gently used my tongue to play with her clit for awhile. She was completely relaxed and enjoying the tongue bath I was giving her. I worked my way from her lovespot across her inner thighs and back, leaving no spot untouched. Spreading her cunt lips open with my fingers, I sunk my tongue inside her delicious pussy. I shoved my tongue in and out of her spread open hole, sucking out as much of Angie's love nectar as I could. As I lapped up her juices and tongued her hot spot she gently placed her hands on my head to guide my licking up and down her hot slit.

"Get on your knees so I can do you from behind." I commanded.

She obeyed without question. With her head in the pillow and her ass in the air I began tonguing her cunt again. This time I worked a little harder. I kept sticking my tongue in and out of her fuckhole. Angie was really starting to squirm from the tongue fucking I was giving her. Slowly I started licking my way up her ass. When I reached her asshole Angie went wild. I kept flicking my tongue across her puckered little asshole with a fluttering movement. Every so often I would slip my tongue down to her dripping cunt and lick up through her ass crack and over her asshole, driving her absolutely crazy. 

Since she was enjoying this so much, I wanted to see how much she could take without cumming, so I spread her ass and buried my face between her cheeks with my mouth and tongue licking and sucking on her puckered little anal hole. Angie was squirming out of control, which made it a bit difficult to maintain my attack on her asshole. I grabbed her by the hips to keep her steady and forced her rear end back to my mouth. Now I could maintain my licking and sucking on her incredibly beautiful butt. I put the tip of my tongue right on the center of her tight little hole and pulled back on her hips trying to force my tongue inside. For the next few minutes I continued reaming out her asshole with my tongue while Angie continually moaned and cried out with a deep lust.

"Oh Fuck, Fuck, that feels so good. Don't stop!"

"Please, don't stop. Fuck my asshole with your tongue."

"Oh! Baby. It feels so good on my asshole. Don't stop."

I had no intention of stopping my anal probing. I gave her one more long lick up her ass, then started probing her bottom hole with my finger. I gently played with the tight puckered opening of her asshole. I slipped my finger down into her pussy, then smeared the cunt juices up her crack lubricating her asshole. Slowly I started wiggling my finger in. She was so relaxed my finger slid in easily. The inside of her ass was red hot with the built up passion she contained. With my finger all the way in, I twisted and wiggled it inside her hot shit hole. Angie let out a sigh and I knew she liked the sensation of having her anal hole penetrated and probed. I tried forcing a second finger up her ass and it slid in easier than I expected. Angie was going nuts with pleasure as I worked two fingers in and out of her rectum. I was amazed how easily my fingers were able to probe her ass. She was really getting into the anal fingering. I think I could have inserted a third finger, but then in a voice that was almost like begging, she pleaded,

"Fuck me in the ass, baby. I want your cock in my asshole. Shove that big, hard cock all the way up my ass."

I was only too happy to oblige, but almost couldn't believe what I was hearing. Angie, the quiet innocent little girl I worked with, was a sex starved female with an incredible desire to do or try anything. Satisfying her lust could take forever and I was going to enjoy every second of it.

I put the head of my cock at the entrance to her puckered hole and pushed. The head of my cock disappeared into her virgin asshole and I could feel her sphincter tighten around me. I waited for a moment to let Angie get used to the bigger entry into her butt hole. When she started to relax, I slowly pushed my cock inch by inch into her ass. To help hurry the process, Angie started pushing her ass back forcing my cock deeper and deeper into her ass. In less than a minute I had my entire cock inside her backdoor. I slowly worked back and forth through her tight anal ring as it hugged my rock hard prick. With each in and out stroke I could feel Angie relaxing her ass as she began to enjoy the anal fucking.

"Fuck my ass harder," she ordered. "Fuck me up my ass."

I picked up the pace and started pumping her butt. Faster and faster I drove my cock in and out of her rear end. Angie was in a frenzy of pleasure, totally consumed by the ass fucking she was getting. I withdrew my cock almost out and then slammed it back up her hole. Over and over I buttfucked Angie's tight anal opening. For a moment, I slowed down to pull out all the way. Her asshole was gaping wide open staring at me as if begging to be filled again. I plowed back in as far as I could, my balls slapping against her ass cheeks. Again and again I pulled out and drilled it back into her ass to the hilt.

"Cum in me, Cum in me," Angie screamed. " Fill my asshole with your hot sperm. I want to feel your hot cock fill my ass."

Angie's hot, slut-like orders was more than I could stand. I knew she must be on the verge of an orgasm herself and I was ready to explode. I plunged deep into her asshole again, setting off her orgasm. As Angie came, her asshole tightened, gripping my cock like a vise as wads of my cum emptied into her bottom.

Angie cried out almost in a whimper as her orgasm took control

"I can feel your hot cum. Fuck me, Fuck me, Fuck my asshole. Fill my ass with your hot cum."

My cock continued filling her rectum with my hot jism, her sphincter still tight around my cock milking every drop of cum from me. When the last drop of spunk emptied into her ass I pulled out to let Angie relax, since she had been on her knees for quite some time now. As Angie leaned back to straighten up, I could see my white sticky cum oozing out of her asshole onto the bed. She reached around to touch her puckered hole that was now red from the anal pounding. Angie worked a finger in and out a few times and smeared the remainder of my cock cream on her ass.

Angie looked at me, " Your cock felt so good sliding in and out of my ass." 

"I never dreamed that a cock in my asshole could feel so good." 

"I loved it"

Angie turned around. As we kissed our tongues met in each other's mouths. Our hands were all over each other, savoring the touch of our hot sweaty bodies. 

To Be Continued...