 After a long day of cleaning four clients' houses, Mae stepped into her house and closed the door behind her and leaned against it. Mae let out a slow breath and dropped her keys into the glass bowl on the side table by the double French doors. The foyer was just as she'd left it. Dropping her bag where she stood, Mae slipped off her shoes and set them against the wall so they were out of the way for anyone else. Into the hallway, Mae's feet padded softly on the polished wood floor that led into the kitchen. In the same hallway, Mae stopped briefly to catch her reflection in the wall mirror on her right. 

Mae's long blond hair was tied back into a loose and messy ponytail at the back of her head. Her bangs starting un-sticking from her forehead and cheeks as the sweat started to dry. The makeup she'd done this morning before work was starting to wear off from the perspiration of cleaning, but still made her look nice. The eyeliner she wore made her bright green eyes pop that much more. Mae's cheeks were flushed a light pink from all the exertion earlier in the day but was fading as her body calmed down. All she wore on her full lips was lip balm.

In the doorway of the kitchen, Mae stopped in her tracks. Food condiments from the fridge were strewn across the nearest countertop. The sandwich bread was left often on another countertop with crumbs all over the place. A blob of Miracle Whip was near the open bread. A pile of dirty dishes were left in the sink, as they had been this morning before she left. The note Mae had left was in the same space it'd be when she wrote it, only this time it had a greasy stain from what smelled and looked like mustard. Mae chewed the inside of her cheek in anger. After cleaning four houses, Mae wanted to come back to a clean place of her own, but does that happen? No, not when Zach decided to stay over for a few days and treat her home like it's a peg pen.

Mae slammed everything around while putting the condiments back into the fridge before unloading the dishwasher with the clean dishes before loading it back up with the dirty ones from the sink. She wiped down the counters and swept the floor but saved mopping for another time. After the majority of the kitchen was to her standard, Mae walked up the stairs at the opposite end of the kitchen, intending to give Zach a piece of her mind. Mae's bedroom door was cracked open a little, and she could hear moaning from inside, as if to add insult to injury... Mae slammed her door open, intending to find Zach with another woman in her bed. Instead she found something that made her cunt tingle and moisten. She forgot all about her anger, however momentarily. 

Zach was lying back in the bed, a joint smoldering between his thumb and forefinger. The moans Mae had heard were coming from the plasma TV on the opposite wall of the bed. A woman was licking a green glass dildo and rubbing her hardened nipples with it. Mae's pussy got even juicier because she knew the DVD by memory; it was one of her favorites in her collection.

"Oh, hey baby," a voice said.

Mae brought her eyes back to Zach, from his feet to up his naked legs...... A movement caught her eyes she hadn't noticed before. Zach's other hand was lazily playing with his incredibly stiff cock while he smoked a joint and watched porn! Incredible. And, in fact, Mae thought the site was very incredible. She was getting more and more turned on as the seconds passed. Mae seemed to forget momentarily what she was going to say. Zach continued rubbing her cock but now his attention was riveted on Mae. He took a hint of the joint; the smoke swirled around him seductively. Only a moment later he released the smoke.

"Zach, I thought I asked you not to do that up here."

The serene smile never left his face as her stared at Mae with glassy eyes. "Relax, baby."

The sound of his voice, mixed in with the moans, sent more tingles of moisture to her cunt. By now she had to be soaking her panties. Damn, he's completely naked and absolutely fucking horny in my bed, thought Mae. Zach's serene smile grew from ear to ear as he watched Mae switch from foot to foot, her bottom lip caught between her perfect, white teeth.

Zach got up from the bed, his long cock leading the way. He took another hit from the blunt and released it slowly into Mae's face. She didn't flinch as he did this, and took the blunt him Zach instead and took a long hit of her own before putting it out on a plate that was atop her dresser. Zach wrapped his arms around Mae's thick waist and brought his mouth down to her own as she exhaled the smoke. He kissed her slowly, tenderly, apologizing without words for the mess he left. Mae let out a soft moan as he took her bottom lip between his teeth and bit down and tugged lightly. He pressed his mouth against Mae's again and deepened the kiss after swiping his tongue along her bitten bottom lip. His slipped his tongue back into Mae's mouth and explored it. Mae was distinctly aware of the metal rod of a cock pressed against her stomach. She moaned, loving the feeling of Zach's cock through her shirt.

He kissed her harder, grabbing her face and moved her backwards. Mae's body pressed against the bedroom door while Zach's body pressed tightly against her own. He ground himself against her, telling her how much he needed her. He hands slid down her neck and down to her chest. He squeezed her 38C breasts roughly before ripping open her flannel shirt. He kissed his way along Mae's jaw line to play with her earlobe and the soft spot below it. The flannel shirt slipped off Mae's shoulders and she shook it onto the floor where it pooled around her ankles.

Moving his face lower, Zach licked and kissed his way down her neck and nipped at her sensitive collarbone before sliding his tongue into the deep crevice in between her breasts. Mae slipped her hand in between their two bodies and found the hot, stiff cock waiting for her touch. He pulled his hips back slightly so Mae could comfortably rub his shaft. Mae lightly dragged her nails along the length of his meaty rod. Zach stifled his groan by sinking his teeth into the fleshy softness of her left boob. Mae gasped in a mixture of pain and pleasure. She absolutely loved being bitten with the hopes that a scar would remain.

Now she gripped Zach's cock and rubbed it harder for him. She could feel his hot breathy moans on her neck. "We need to take these damn jeans off. Now." Mae smiled and nodded and removed her hand from the cock to unsnap the button, but Zach stopped her. "Allow me."

He kissed her gently before kissing his way down Mae's chest, past her red lacey bra (wondering why in the hell it was still on), down her belly button and quickly dipping it in as he slipped to his knees. He unsnapped Mae's jeans and tugged them from her waist, revealing a matching set of red lacey panties. He groaned, biting his lip. Zach loved when she wore sexy lingerie to a cleaning job. Mae stepped out of her jeans and kicked them aside, feeling coolness as the air touched the wetness between her thighs. Zach ran his hands up and down Mae's smooth, silky thighs and ass while pressing his face into her panty-clad mound. He licked her slit through her panties, smelling her overwhelming, intoxicating aroma and getting a hint of her taste.

Mae unhooked her bra and let the straps fall down her arms, tickling her and giving her a light coverage of goose bumps. She took the hooked end of the bra and dangled it down on Zach's muscular shoulder and back. A light cover of goose bumps erupted on his skin, too. He took his face away from Mae's juicy cunt and took the end of the bra into his mouth and tugged it out of her fingers. Mae laughed and looked down at him, his face not even an inch from her honey pot. Zach stood, running his hands up her sides to cup her breasts and take a hard nipple into his mouth. He licked it, bit it, and sucked it for all he was worth. A loud moan escaped Mae's lips and she pushed her chest into Zach's sexy warm mouth. 

"Oh, you like that?" He swirled his tongue around one of the nipples, biting it harder than before and tugged it away from her body as it lifted her breast higher off her body. The nipple slowly escaped his scraping teeth, causing a painful, pleasurable groan. "Ohh yessss, fuck that hurts so good." Zach kissed the tender nipple and swirled his thumb around it while he moved his mouth to suck on her collarbone. Their subtle grinding movements caused Zach's cock to slip between Mae's slippery thighs. His cock felt the heat radiating from Mae's dripping wet cunt. The exotic aroma was faint before, but like a scratch-and-sniff sticker the aroma filled their nostrils as it spread throughout the room. 

"Mmm, Zach, please fuck me now! I'm so fucking hot."

"I'll fuck this tight, wet cunt when I feel like it," Zach replied as he felt just how soaked her cunt was. He slipped a finger inside her juicy pussy and brought it to her mouth. "See how wet you are, baby? Suck my finger clean."

Mae did just that, she took the wet finger into her mouth and licked and sucked it clean of her own pussy juice. She didn't particularly care of tasting herself, but she wasn't exactly against it. Zach thought it was sexy and erotic. Zach fell to his knees, the finger popping out of her mouth. He tore the only remaining and most important clothing item from her body. The scruff on Zach's face tickled the inside of her thighs as he brought his mouth to her cunt. He slid his tongue along her slick slit. He flicked her nub, making her twitch as his fingers found the center of her. Her pussy clenched and released around the three fingers entering her body. With his other hand he spread her even wider to get full access to her clit. He licked and sucked on her clit while finger-fucking her juicy cunt. Mae rested most of her weight on the door she was leaning on and hooked one of her legs over Zach's shoulder as he brutally tongued her. 

"Ohhhh fuck, yes! Right there, don't stop!"

Mae gripped her fingers in Zach's messy brown curls and ground herself against his face. The cries of pleasure from Mae drowned out the long-forgotten TV. "Fuck baby, I'm cumming!" Only a split second later, Mae's body trembled and shudder in Zach's arms as her pussy exploded into Zach's mouth. He continued sucking and licking her until he felt Mae's knees give way underneath her. Zach caught her and brought her to her feet, licking his lips. "I love the way you taste," he said before thrusting his tongue into Mae's mouth.

Mae took Zach's hand and led him to her bed. He plopped down on the bed and rested back against the same pillows as earlier. Mae sashayed her hips seductively to her own music. "You ready for this, baby?" Zach wrapped his fist around his cock and pumped it with fervor. "Get on it, bitch!"

Mae grinned and pounced onto the bed. She straddled him and positioned her cunt above his cock. He rubbed the head of his cock along her dripping slit before letting her take the control. He rested his hands on her thighs as she took his cock and lined it up with her cunt. She slowly slid the bulbous purple head in and looked Zach in the eye, her bottom lip caught between her teeth, as she continued down. Her cunt was so slick his cock slid balls deep with such ease. They both moaned simultaneously.

"I love how much your thick, long cock fills my cunt," Mae groaned.

"I love how tight your fucking cunt is," Zach groaned in reply. "Damn, it's like the first time we fucked when I popped that juicy, bloody cherry of yours."

With that, Mae started sliding her cunt up the shaft until only the head was in before she slammed back down. She repeated this several times before coming up with a steady rhythm. Zach gripped her hips, feeling the sock skin. His hands roamed her body, squeezing her nipples. His hands snaked up her neck to give her a squeeze. Mae groaned. Zach could feel the vibration of her vocal chords on his palm. Mae tilted her chin up and Zach's hand followed. When her chin lowered, Zach slipped a finger into her warm mouth. She licked and sucked his finger with the fervor she used to fuck his cock deep and hard.

"That's it, baby. Suck my finger like a cock!"

Mae moaned around his finger, thrusting her hips into him. Her hands pressed down on his chest as she pistoned his hard dick deep into her sopping pussy. Zach withdrew his finger from Mae's mouth, his eyes transfixed on her jiggling tits as she bounced on his throbbing cock. He took one of her nipples into his mouth and began sucking on it.

Zach wrapped his arms around his girl's waist and picked lifted her up enough so he could gently lay her on her back without his cock slipping out. He kissed her deeply, slowly moving in and out of her. "You know I love you, right?" he asked. "I know, baby." Mae kissed him softly. "And you know I love you, despite your messiness. And because you just fuck me so damn good and hard!

With that, Zach started fucking her hard and fast. He leaned his head down and sucked on her neck, nibbling the soft skin. Mae wrapped her legs around Zach's waist, pressing her heels into ass to try and get his beautiful cock deeper into her. "YES! FUCK ME, BABY! THAT'S IT, HARDER! YES, FUCK ME HARDER, DADDY! POUND MY PUSSY WITH YOUR BIG, LONG COCK. MAKE ME CUM, ZACH!"

Zach bit into Mae's neck flesh with all the dirty talk. It wasn't often it happened, but when it did... Jesus! He did just what she screamed for, thrusting harder and deeper, pounding that tight wet cunt with all he was worth. He tore that shit apart. "Yeah, you like my cock pounding your filthy cunt? Uh huh, fuck my cock back, baby. Fuuuuck, your pussy feels so good and tight."

Mae drug her fingernails down Zach's back, adding to some of her previous nail scars. She thrust her hips into his, a slurping and smacking sound filled the room, almost drowned out by their screaming and moaning.

"Ohhhhh fuck meee! I'm cumming baby! Yes, right there, right there! Don't stop! Harderrrr, fuck me baby, pound that tight pussy!"

Zach felt his balls tighten and his own cum surge through the length of his 8 inch cock. Mae felt it too, and felt his hot cum splash the slippery tunnel of her pussy walls. Mae arched her back as her orgasmed continued through Zach's. They rode out their orgasms together, still humping at each other. Mae's tremors subsided and opened her eyes. He was grinning as he was slowing down and rested inside her. "You're so hot when you cum!" He kissed her nose.

"You're so poetic," Mae giggled. "Now how can I be mad at you after that great fuck?"

"Aha! My plan worked."

He kissed Mae again, exploring her mouth, his cock still snug inside her cum mixed pussy. Even as they kissed, they could feel his cock beginning to become fully hard.

"Ready for another round?" Mae asked with a devilish grin on her face.