 This story and or any portion of this story may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the express written permission of the copy write owner, except for the brief quotations used in a review. All rights are reserved

 This is a work of fiction, names, characters, places, and incidents are either the product of the author's imagination or used fictitiously, and resemblance to any actual person, living or dead, business establishments, events or locals is entirely coincidental.

 Many thanks to my fine editor Barney R for making this story flow better with less spelling mistakes.

 Copyright 2015 Red Tempest








It was Wednesday, December 23, and the boss just dumped a pile of paper work on my desk to get done before our year-end in eight days. I was hoping to take a few days off over the Christmas week, but I guess not now. 

 Hi, my name is Walker Thomas, and I am one of the senior auditors for Apple and Associates, CPA. 

 I started to sort through the mountain of paper work, and I found some of it was insurance stuff. I just hate insurance paperwork and I just knew that moron of an agent would be gone. Agents in general have the easiest job. My agent seemed to take more time off than I do, or any other professional that I knew. He then cried about how hard he had to work, but he smiled all the way to the fucking bank with my company's premium payment. The only thing my agent had going for him was his secretary.

 She was a doll. Ron my agent, told me she will turn 50 next year. She has an hour glass figure, blonde hair, soft brown eyes. When she got up to walk, all the male eyes were on her, as her walk was mesmerizing. Her assets were perfect, nice firm round breast, slim waist, perfect ass and legs to die for. She has one hot body.

 I picked up the phone and called my agent's office. I knew that she would answer. She always does. 

 "Hi, is Ron in?" I asked her knowing just what her response would be. 

 "No, he took the rest of the week off and will be in Monday morning," she said.

 That figures that pinhead never seemed to be at work.

 "I have some papers to drop off. How long will you be there?" I asked.

 "I was planning to leave around 4:00 pm," she said. 

 I looked at my watch and it is 3:00 pm now.

 "I will be leaving here shortly and should be at your office around 3:30 or so," I informed her.

 We said our good byes and we hung up. I took the insurance papers I needed, made a couple of calls. I then called my wife telling her that I would be running late. I locked the office up and got into my truck. 

 What a miserable day outside. It was half rain, half snow, and all slop. It was very slow going. It took longer than I thought, but I got to my agent=s office around 3:45 pm. I walked up to the office door, and tried the door. Shit, it was already locked. I knocked on the door about fifty times, but nobody answer. I took my cell phone out and tried calling. I just got that stupid fucking answering machine, telling me that the office was closed, and what the business hours were. I just hate those fucking machines.

 As I walked back to my truck, I noticed that her car was still in her parking space by the side door. I walked over and checked her car out. Nothing suspicious about her car. I walked to the side door, and tried the door knob. It was locked, but as I pulled on the doorknob, and the door opened. Whoever left last didn't make sure that the door was securely closed. I stepped inside and closed the door behind me tightly.

 I stood there for a few seconds, letting my eyes get adjusted to the darkness. I walked forward through the hallway, when I got to the end I heard a sounded like someone was sobbing or crying softly. I stepped quietly into the room and saw Stacie sitting at a banquet table with a couple of candles lite, some music playing and all the lights back here were off.

 "Stacie are you ok," I asked.

 She jumped up nervously asking, "Who's there?"

 "Hey calm down, it's me Walker, don't you remember that I called you, telling you that I am on my way over to drop off some papers for Ron," I said.

 "Oh, yes, sorry I forgot," she replied.

 I took the papers and threw them on Ron's desk. I went back and sat down next to Stacie.

 She was sipping on a glass of wine. I could see that she was upset. 

 "Hey what's the matter?" 

 She just shook her head. So I sat there quietly for a few minutes. She started to softly cry and told me her story.

 It seemed that she and her husband weren't getting along very well and she hasn't heard from her son in more than six months. She and her daughter-in-law never did see eye to eye, and that had caused some problems. She missed her grandchildren dearly. 

 "This won't be a very happy Christmas for me," she cried softly. 

 "I know just what you need," I told her, after listening to what she had to say. 

 "What," she asked, as she dried the tears in her eyes. 

 "Just stand up."

 WOW! She had on a black dress that was just a few inches above her knees. The dress fit her just like a glove, showing off a lot of cleavage. Shear nylon stockings and black high heel shoes. All and all she looked very sexy in that outfit.

 "What you need is a good hug." 

 I stepped forward and gave her the best hug that I could give. She had her arms wrapped around me, squeezing me back. I could feel her breast against my chest. My cock was starting to get hard. I was holding the woman of my dreams in my arms, and my mind goes completely blank. So like a dummy I let go of her, and sit back down in the chair. I could have kicked myself in the ass, for not taking advantage of this opportunity that I had with her. But lack of experience in doing this with another woman, other than my wife really showed.

 We chatted for a few minutes, and then I had another really brilliant idea.

 "Well I guess it's time for me to go home," I said to her. DUH!!! That was a really smart move on my part.

 "Ah, hmmm, could I have another hug," she asked me, as she kind of look down at the floor, and then back at me.

 I though here was my second chance don=t blow it stupid. I stood up and took off my jacket. I hung it over the back of the chair. She flowed right into my arms for a hug.

 I rubbed my hands over her back and down to her ass cheeks. I could tell that she had not much else under the dress as it felt really smooth. She loosened her hands from my neck and locked her eyes onto my eyes, and drew her lips up to mine and we met for a very passionate kiss. I open my mouth a little bit and could feel her tongue flicker in and out.

 Our tongues continued to dance together; I unhooked the top of her dress and then slowly move the zipper down. When I met no resistance doing that, I moved up and unhooked her bra. She moved one arm off me and I slipped her dress and bra strap off, and then the other arm. Letting them both dropped to the floor.

 "Someone is over dressed," she said, looking me straight in the eyes.

 I must have looked at her blankly, because she said, "You are fully clothed and I am almost naked."

 We remedy this quickly as she helped me strip, and she took off her thong. I just love how a woman can do that so gracefully.

 She pushed me down on the chair and sat on my lap. I got my first really good chance to see her up close and naked, GOD what a sight. I can't figure what was the matter with her husband. Why he wouldn't take care of a goddess like her? We kissed with heated passion. My hand slowly started to massage her breasts and play with her nipples. Her nipples were hard like nails, and I played with her breasts and tweaked her nipples; she began to moan softly in my mouth.

 God, I just couldn't get enough of her breasts, I used both hands to massage them. I could play with them forever. While I played with her nipples, the bumps on her areola grew more intense. My fingers rubbed over those bumps, I was able to hear her sigh softly.

 "Please pinch them harder," she moaned into my mouth.

 I played, squeezed, pinched, and caressed her breasts and nipples. They felt like little firecrackers in my fingers, ready to explode. I started to kiss and nibble my way down her neck to her breasts. I begin to suck on her breasts and nipples. I licked her areola bumps, and nibbled on her nipples.

 "Oh, yes, baby, suck and bite those nipples," she cooed at me with pleasure.

 I got busy with my tongue and teeth; I started to work on her nipples. I softly nibbled and licked each nipple with tender care. They got so taut when I suck real hard on them. When I nibbled on them with some pressure, she gave off a couple of gasps.

 While I sucked on her breasts, my hand slowly moved down her stomach to her waiting sex. I could feel the landing strip just above her outer lips. I could feel the heat radiating from her sex. She parted her legs and I started to stroke her inner thighs softly, until I finally got to her outer lips. 

 I slowly caressed her outer lips. I could feel some moisture on those delicate outer lips as she began to feel some pleasure. I spread her outer lips and my fingers entered her waiting vagina. She was soaking wet inside. I started out slowly and worked the speed up faster, then slowed back down. 

 I moved my finger up to her clit, and rubbed that in a steady motion. I had my other finger slowly stroking her anal hole. 

 Suddenly she gasped and clutched my head bringing me up for a fierce kiss. She softly screamed in my mouth, while her body started to shake with an orgasm. Next thing I knew my hand was wet from her love juices.

 "Oh, my, God! Keep it right there," she wailed as I had my finger deep inside of her sex rubbing her sensitive G-Spot, while my other finger is knuckle deep into her anal hole. I worked both holes until my fingers began to get tired.

 I couldn't take it anymore. I picked her up and set her on the table. I got on my knees, and spread her legs. I began to lick her wet sex. I licked in as deep as I could, and then in an up and down licking motion. Man did she taste good. I felt like a bear attacking a bee hive, and licking up all the honey. She suddenly locked her legs around my head drawing me in tighter. It was getting hard to breathe, and then my face started getting flooded with her love juices. I drank in what I could, but some dripped down my chin onto my chest. 

 She relaxed her legs and I got free, she reached down grabbing my head, looking to my eyes, she said, "Fuck me now." 

 Well, I may not be the sharpest tack in the box, but I didn't have to be asked twice. I stood up spread her legs and slammed my cock into her sopping wet sex. 

 "Fuck me harder," she whispered, as she nibbled on my ear.

 I wanted to make this last a life time. So I slowed down, and fucked her with deep strokes. I could start to feel the passion build up in my cock. Her love tunnel was so hot, it was beginning to make my cum boil. My cock felt just like a volcano ready to explode.

 "Stacie honey, I going to cum soon," I said to her doing my best to make this last.

 "Oh, baby, I'm ready, cum with me now," she said giving me a very passionate kiss.

 I held her tight, and buried my cock into her as deep as I could. I blasted into her one of my biggest loads of cum. The force of the explosion, made me see stars circling her head. I blew rope after rope of cum into her dripping wet sex from my deeply buried cock. We held that position for a few minutes, until finally my legs started to give way, and I had to sit down.

 She laid there for a few moments, with her legs apart, and some of our mixed juices were leaking out of her sex. What a breath taking sight. She sat up; smiled at me and then she walked to the bathroom. I watched her as she walked past me to the bathroom. I thought what a vision of loveliness. When she walked back out, I just watched her again. Man I could observe her walk around this office nude for the rest of my life. By just looking at her walking naked, it started to make my cock grow hard again.

 She walked up to me and got down on her knees. She pushed my legs open, and reached for my cock. She stroked my cock a few times, and it began to get stiff in her hands. She looked me straight in the eyes, as she lowered her head down, and started to suck on my cock. She licked and sucked on my cock-head and put her tongue into my eruption tube eye. Then she licked down the shaft to my sack. She gently sucked on one ball and then the other one, and then back up my shaft to the head. She tried to deep throat me, but gagged a couple of times

 She stopped and looked at me and said, "Sorry, it has been a lot of years since I have given a blow job, and I guess I am not to good at doing this." 

 She went back to sucking my cock until she had it rock hard. It didn't matter to me, I was loving this beautiful blonde sucking on my cock.

 After a few more minutes of her sucking on my cock, she got up, and positioned herself on my lap. She guided my cock into her waiting pussy. She started to ride my cock cowgirl style. She was pounding herself up and down on my cock, making it hard for me to suck on her tits.

 Finally she slowed down a bit, letting me start to suck on her nipples. I softly began to nibble and suck on her nipples. All of a sudden she howls loudly and collapses into my arms, as she began to shake from another orgasm. 

 I held her tightly.

 I softly whispered into her ear, "Merry Christmas."