 "Fuck you...you mother fucking asshole! You had your tongue hanging out of your mouth all fucking night staring at that little whore!" I screamed at him from across the living room as my hands moved to undo the buttons on my dress coat.

"And you weren't staring at him all night? You're a fucking hypocrite and a bitch!" his nostrils flared as he spat the words at me.

"Fuck you...I was not...I could see you talking to her tits every time she sauntered by in that slutty little dress...don't give me your bullshit and try and turn this around on ME!" 

I threw my coat at him, my hands shaking with anger. We had just returned from the annual Christmas party his company threw every year, and he spent the greater part of the night staring at the bosses' chunk of arm candy and her new plastic boobs.

"I cant believe how fucking obvious you were! Your tongue was practically hanging out your mouth every time she walked by!"

"She's a sexy woman and I'm not fucking dead!" you ran your hand through your short brown hair in frustration as you spoke, "What the fuck do you expect? It's not like I was going to fuck her!"

"Fuck you! Fuck you! Both of us know would if you had the fucking chance...I could tell that just by looking at you! Your cock was semi hard all night and when she bent over the table to refill the nuts, I thought you were going to jump on her!"

"Fine then," your patience snapped right in front of my eyes as you walked towards me, "Yes I would fuck her! I would slam that bitch into the wall and fuck her until she screamed like a mother fucking banshee!" You screamed right into my face as you stood close, your teeth clenched, your fists tight. "Is that what you want to hear? That I would nail that slut right to the fucking wall?"

"Fuck you!" I pulled my hand back, ready to land a blow, wanting to wipe that smug look from your face.

"Oh no you don't!

Your hand closed on my wrist before I could land the slap. I pulled back, a futile attempt as you pushed me back against the wall behind me with your body. You raised my hand above my head then captured the other one and held both in one of your much larger hands, pinning them both to the wall as I tried in vain to pull them back.

I struggled against you, my feet and knees a blur, trying to get a shot in. You pressed into me hard, the cold wall barely felt along my bare back as I struggled against you.

"Fuck you! Let me go you asshole...LET...ME...FUCKING...GO!" 

I accentuated each word with a strong tug on my immobilized hands.

My breath was coming hard as fast as you looked down into my eyes, anger blazing you dipped your head and kissed me. Hard. I bit your lip, tasting blood and you pulled back, 

"Do that again and you'll regret it." 

Your words were cold as you leaned back in and kissed me. Hard and rough. Our teeth scraped as you pushed your tongue into my mouth. I kissed you back, as hard as you kissed me. Arching my body against yours as I still tried to pull my hands free from your iron grip.

"If I can't fuck that slut, I'll fuck you instead!"

Your free hand moved to the front of my dress and yanked. I heard the material tear as you quickly dipped your head and captured one of my now bared breasts between your lips.

"Fuck you!" it was more of a moan as I felt your teeth against my hard nip. You bit, hard and I arched pushing more of my breast into your mouth, "FUCK YOU!" I screamed loud as the pain mingled with pleasure when you released one and moved to the other.

I was mad at myself as I felt the pool of wetness between my legs, angry as hell at you as my body responded to the feeling of your hard cock pressed against my hip. I arched again, still pulling on my hands.

"You like that you little bitch don't you," You lifted your head and kissed me hard again, moving your hand and lifting my body, "wrap your legs around me slut! NOW!"

I complied, speechless and my eyes huge as you reached between us to first undo your zipper, then grab my skimpy black thong and rip it from my body. The friction of you pulling roughly and the sound of them ripping as you yanked them from my body almost made me come.

You freed my hands and held onto my hips for leverage as you slammed your cock deep inside me. I reached up and fisted my hands in your hair, pulling your head hard to me and kissing you roughly as you filled my pussy, slamming me back against the wall. You dropped your head and bit my nipples again and I came, screaming as you punished my pussy without mercy. 

"You fucking asshole!"

Your smug smile made me want to hit you again, my pussy convulsed and spasmed around your cock as you splayed your fingers over the cheeks of my ass and found my tight puckered asshole with one. I cried out as you slid it into me, stretching me, one...then two. My body moved with yours, my hand moved down and I ripped your dress shirt open then began pinching and pulling your nipples, hard, digging my fingernails into your chest.

You half laughed and half moaned as you pushed harder and faster, your fingers teasing my asshole as your cock filled me over and over.

You pulled out and turned me, bending me over the back of the couch and holding my head down as I tried to move away. The look on your face kind of scared me.

"Don't move bitch...you want to see how I'd fuck her? This is how I'd fuck her!"

You rubbed the head of your wet cock against my ass, and then pushed in with one long slow stroke. I moaned out loud as your cock filled my tight ass, groaned as it burned and stretched me. I lifted my hips, I couldn't help myself as the pain turned into pleasure and you started to slide in and out of my asshole, slow at first then fast and unforgiving. 

Your hand came down and began to flick over the hard nub of my clit as you pumped in and out. I couldn't help myself, I came hard cursing your name as you whispered in my ear 

"She would fucking love this too, just like you do slut, she would come nice and hard all over my cock. screaming my name." you slapped my ass hard, making my body jump.

I tried to pull away and you held me tight as you pounded into me, tears stinging my eyes as you smacked my ass with each stroke. I came again gripping you like a velvet vice and sent you over the edge. You cried out loudly as you exploded into me, I felt your cock pulse inside me, then emptiness as you pulled out and splashed the rest of your juice over the now very red cheeks of my ass.

The hot come almost stinging my sensitized skin as you finished yourself off with your hand, then rubbed the offering into my tender skin with the head of your cock.

You pulled me up and turned me, your lips finding mine and kissing me softly as your ran your fingertips gently down my cheek, 

"God you're beautiful." He touched me so softly, like I was the most precious thing in the world.

"Thank you." I smiled up at him, basking in the afterglow of our yearly tradition of 'angry sex' after the Christmas party. 

I already couldn't wait until next year.