 Angus stepped through the main door's at the Grand Hotel, Paris, with a large smile on his face. He seemed very happy with himself It had been a great business meeting and he was returning to his boss with a $5 million dollar contract. He knew his boss, Deborah, would gladly reward him for his hard work. She had sounded very pleased with him when he had called her on his cellphone in the taxi." Fantastic news, Angus. I knew you could do it!" Angus got a hard on just listening to her sexy voice and imagining what she might be wearing today. "Come straight to the office when you get off the plane, we have a lot of work to do before we go out and celebrate. Get a good night's sleep. I want you at your best for what I have planned."

"God." Thought Angus. "I wonder what she might be planning?" Angus had been fantasising for a long time about his boss. She was sexy and very domineering. She had to be to hold her job as top marketing director of a well known advertising company. She knew what she wanted and how to get it. 

Angus approached the reception desk. "Bonjour Monsieur Styles. Welcome to the Grand Hotel." The receptionist was a petite blonde who was stunning in her uniform. Angus felt himself staring at her. The receptionist blushed at his forwardness. She looked familiar to Angus. "It's Fleur, isn't it?" He asked." Yes monsieur Styles, you remember me?" Angus remembered her alright! "Yes Fleur I do." Angus's prick stiffened just thinking of their chance meeting. "I remember you very well." With a smile on her face, Fleur handed him his room key. "Monsueir Styles I finish at 8 pm if you would like an appetiser before your supper."

"I'll look forward to that, Fleur." Angus whistled as he walked away, knowing that he and Fleur would be up for a spanking good time. 

Angus thought back to when they met, he had been at the Grand 2 years ago, not long after he had first started working for Deborah. After a long day of business meetings he had retired to his hotel room for an early night. Angus had not been in the shower long when he heard a noise in the adjoining room. He quickly stepped out of the shower, wrapping himself in a towel. Angus quietly walked into the bedroom. He entered the room to see a young girl, about 18, dressed in a black and white uniform, going through his jacket pockets. She was obviously looking for his wallet. "You won't find it there, miss." Angus said in a deep voice. "Oooh, monsieur." She turned towards him in fright. Angus recognised her as the young chambermaid who had turned down his bed earlier. She had beautiful rosy cheeks as she blushed in shame.

"I was just checking the jacket to see if it needed to be cleaned."She stammered. "Please monsieur, do not be angry with Fleur." Angus laughed. "Well, Fleur, it looks to me as if you were looking to steal my wallet."

"No, monsieur, no." Fleur protested. She looked horrified as Angus reached for the phone. "I shall call management and inform them of this matter."

"No, monsieur, I am sorry." Her breasts started to heave up and down and tears started to well up into her beautiful blue eyes. "I will do anything, monsieur. I cannot lose my job." Angus crossed the room, towards her. "Anything?" He asked "Yes, monsieur." Angus stroked her long blonde hair, letting his hand run down her body, carressing her firm bottom. She wiped away her tears, smiling a little.

"You have been very naughty, Fleur."

"Yes, monsuier. I have." Angus sits on the edge of the bed and taking Fleur's hand draws her to him. She came willingly. Angus lay her across his knee, her pert bottom face up. Angus spanked Fleur on her soft cheeks, through her uniform, once, twice, three times." Is Fleur sorry?" Angus asked her. "Yes, monsieur." Fleur sounded a little breathless. "I'm not so sure." Angus spanked her again. A little harder this time. Fleur let out little gasps. "Ooh, monsuier, I am sorry. Fleur has been so naughty." Angus lifted up her uniform and spanked her directly through her lacy black panties. "I think you like this. Don't you Fleur?" Fleur nods her head and does not struggle as Angus gently removes her panties. Easing them over her slender hips. 

"Ooh, monsuier" Fleur said quietly. Angus stroked her firm bottom enjoying the sensation of her creamy, rounded buttocks under his hand. Seeing the red welts he had made on her bottom he kissed each welt, carressing her bottom with his lips. "Oh, please monsuier, do not stop." Fleur begged. Angus's prick began to stiffen under the towel. The wench enjoyed the spanking and so did he. Angus softly but firmly spanked her sexy little butt. Fluer whimpered and moaned. "Harder, monsuier, harder." She implored him. Angus raised his hand higher, bringing it down with a resounding smack aross her naked derrierre. His prick stiffening more with each spanking. Angus carresses her bottom, enjoying the fullness of each pink cheek Angus let his hand wander, with no protest from Fleur. "Monsuier, I am being poked by something hard." Fleur wriggled a little on his rigid prick. Angus whispered to her. "That's my prick, hard from spanking your lovely bottom. " 

Fleur giggled. "Let me see, monsuier." Angus helped Fleur to sit up. Standing up himself he let the towel drop at his feet. "Ah," Fleur said." It is a very big, happy to see me prick, monsuier."

"All the better to spank you with." Angus playfully grabbed Fleur and threw her to the bed. Turning her over so that she was face down. She squealed. Angus sat astride Fluer with a leg on each side of her hips. His prick laying across her derrierre. He unzipped Fleur's uniform and helped her as she wriggled out of it. Then he began to stroke her, carressing her lovely young body. Angus turned Fleur over. Adjusting himself so he is still astride her luscious body he took his prick and rubbed it against her inner thigh. Then teasing her, stroking her with his prick up towards her pussy. Going higher, till he neared her open welcoming mouth, she tried to take him into her mouth but he pulled away. "Let me pleasure you, Fleur." Angus kissed her, enjoying the taste of her beautiful lips.

Probing her mouth with his tongue, she responded to Angus, kissing him in return, their tongues exploring each other's mouths. Angus went lower, kissing her pert breast's, admiring their small erect nipples, licking each nipple, just grazing the tip with his warm tongue. Flueur began to moan, moving her hips. "Mmm," she mumbled. "Oh yes, monsuier. Oh yes." He sucked on her breasts, nibbling gently on her sensitive nipples. He tweaked softly on the nipple that wasn't covered by his mouth. Angus ventured lower, licking and stroking her till he reached his goal, her pleasure zone. Angus straddled her hips, his prick brushing against her mons. . He took his penis and stroked her pussy with it, teasing her, placing his prick against her wet, warm pussy. He slid his prick up and down her pussy. Pushing just the head into her opening. 

"Ah, monsuier, please." Fleur whimpered. Begging him to enter her. She lifted her hips, hoping to invite him to take her now. Angus held his prick in his hand and using his stiff prick he spanked her with it, slapping her on the pussy, lightly smacking her aroused, inflamed puffy pussy lips. "You have been a naughty, naughty girl." Angus slapped his hard prick across her hot engorged pussy, feeling on his prick the hard erect nub of her clit. Exciting him more, he whipped his prick against her pussy, sliding his prick in her warm juices. Spanking her harder and harder and harder. Angus nearly exploded with the sensation of his hard dick smacking her hot, wet pussy. "Oh god, monsuier, yes, yes." Screamed Fleur as he took the tip of his prick, poising at the entrance of her pussy, open and moist, inviting him to enter her.

Angus using his finger, touched her, stroking her intimately, plunging his finger into her pussy, with his prick still so close to her pussy,Fleur loudly moaning, encouraging him. thrusting her hips against his finger, forcing more inside her. Tight against his finger, her pussy muscles contracting, he thrust slowly building up to a faster rhythm, plunging in and out of her tight hole. Bringing her to orgasm. She bucked her hips, gyrating, thrusting, wanting more. Angus withdrew his finger replacing it with his swollen prick. Placing the head against her pussy lips, glistening with cum. "Yes, monsuier, yes." Fleur thrust upwards, against Angus's throbbing prick. Angus thrusts himself deep into her slick, warm, tight sheath, pushing his prick as far as he could into her tight pussy. So far in that he felt his balls squashed up against her ass.

Fleur reacted by tightening her muscles around his prick Angus grunted in response, feeling the constriction on his prick. He thrust in and out, thrusting as deep as he could each time. Fleur wrappeed her slender legs around his hips, using them to force him closer and deeper inside her. Angus felt his climax nearing. Stroke after stroke he pleasured Fleur. Angus withdrew his prick, making her wait, teasing, touching her, sliding his prick against her, toying with his penis just on her outer lips. Fleur whimpered in anticipation. Angus put his prick just inside her, only the tip. "Do you want more?" He asked her. "Yes, monsueir, yes." She cried. Angus obliged, easing himself in, but only a little at a time. "How much more do you want?"

"All of it monsuier!" She almost yelled at him. He slid himself in just a little more. "Make me give you all of it. Beg for more."

"Oui, monsuier, please," whimpering, pleading "Please take me with your big prick. I want you inside of me. Please. Please." Angus was satisfied that Fleur would do anything he asked of her. Angus thrust himself into her, filling up her tight pussy. Fleur buck and ground against his prick, moving against it till he can hold off no longer. He came almost at the same time as Fleur, feeling the sensation of her climax as her pussy gripped his prick. 

Angus relaxed against Fleur, stroking her. She lay quietly, enjoying the orgasmic afterglow of their hot sex. They had fallen asleep together and when Angus awoke, Fleur had left leaving him a note. " Thank you monsueir Styles. I hope you will return to The Grand Hotel to visit Fleur again."