 This story is a continuation of Anisha and I ch.1 please read that first if you like to get a feel of the whole series. 

***** 

It was 11:30 in the night when I got home from the first date with Anisha. The things that had happened were still lingering in my mind. I could recall the scent of her womanhood, her lips, her tits and everything that we had done starting from the movie hall to the back seat of my car. 

I just had one of the best and exciting blow jobs of my life and that too from a girl who had little experience in it. I didn't know if she was still a virgin but was wondering if it was her first blow job there was little chance that she'd ever had sex before. 

I was intrigued by her beauty at first sight but after the oral adventure that we had about an hour ago I was just addicted to her. I wanted more of her. I went on wishing that we had more time maybe I would have been able to have sex with her. 

I parked my car and took the lift to go up to my apartment. I was all alone here in a four bedroom house as my parents were out on a 6 weeks world tour and were expected after 4 weeks and my elder brother had taken up a job in another city. While going up by the lift I sent a text to Anisha telling her that I had reached and I loved what we did today. 

I was going to miss her in the night. She replied saying whatever happened between us was new to her and she was not able to get the events of the evening out of her mind. She was still feeling excited and was thinking about it all the time. 

I don't think my hard on had subsided that evening after we had touched each other's bodies and had oral sex. I told her that I was still hard and I probably would remain that way whole night. I wish that we could sleep together that night and satisfy each other's lust. 

I got to my bedroom and stripped down to my shorts. It was wet with my pre-cum. I decided to change into a pair of clean shorts when my phone rang. It was Anisha. I picked up the phone and heard her sweet voice. She said she wanted to check if I had reached home safely. 

I knew she wanted to talk as she wasn't feeling sleepy and was still aroused like I was.  Without wasting time I asked her whether she would have done more with me if we had more time. She paused for a while and replied 'yes, maybe'. It had to be either yes or no there wasn't any place for maybe in sex. 

She confessed after a little bit of persuasion that yes she would have had sex with me if the place was more comfortable and we had more time. I started telling her how I liked her body. 

I loved those sexy lips that she had and could go on kissing them as long as I could. I loved her breasts which fit so well with her body. Her slim waist with almost no chubbiness, her round and taut ass and most of all her pink pussy lips which was so succulent were the things that I love about her. 

She told me that I was embarrassing her as she wasn't used to such compliments about her private parts. She then teased me whether I was praising her to get more of her body. I replied with a mischievous tone that yes I was flattering her as I wanted to take her to bed. 

My cock was hard as rock again and I was thinking about doing something to calm the monster. I proposed Anisha to come over to my house for the weekend. 

She was reluctant first as she didn't know if she could stay the night but she could try and come in the day though that too only for one day. She kept pondering over it and then told me that she didn't want to come that weekend. She felt she wasn't really ready to have sex with me. 

Though she felt that one part of her was telling her to have it another part was saying no to sex. She could go to the point on oral as she had already crossed that line with me today but wasn't ready to go beyond that so soon. 

I decided not to persuade her anymore and told her to do what she felt was right. I hung up the phone after wishing her a good night. I turned on the TV in my room and picked up a porn film to watch. I wanted to get fully excited before wanking off and going to sleep. Anisha's reluctance had turned my excitement down by a certain degree.  

I was watching a porn having a hot girl sucking upon a tall and well built typical porn male's surgically enhanced cock. It took me back a couple of hours when Anisha was blowing me so well. The memory of that made me completely hard and I started stroking my cock inside my shorts. I pick up a bottle of face lotion applied it on my cock and starting working my way to cum. 

I came within a few seconds as I had already been so excited all evening. I shot 3 or 4 streams of cum on my abs then got up to wipe the cum off with tissue paper. I turned off the TV and went to sleep naked under the covers. I was almost 1 AM now but I still wasn't sleepy.  

Even after wanking off I wasn't quite sleepy and still felt a little horny. I went out to the hall and took out a bottle of scotch and poured myself a large peg on the rocks. I turned on the TV and inserted the DVD of Saving Private Ryan to divert my mind and get to a state when I could sleep. 

My first peg was over and I paused the disc and went to get another peg. I rushed back to my room to when my cell phone rang. Surprised by such a late call at first but I felt it had to be Anisha. I was wrong, it was my boss and he had bad news. 

The piece of work that Anisha and I had done had encountered some serious problem and we just had the weekend to fix it before it could become a big problem. I was asked to be in office with Anisha the next morning and fix up things.  

I rang Anisha after the call with boss ended and told her what had been desired out of her and me. We decided be at office at 10 AM. It was way past 2 AM now and I needed good sleep to work effectively the next morning. 

Both of us reached office around 10 and started working on the problem. I took us good 4 hours to fix the problem. Once we were done we informed our boss and he was glad that we'd been able to sort out things so soon. I got up to leave for the washroom when I found Anisha wasn't at her seat.  

The gents and ladies washroom doors are next to each other at right angles and they open in such a way that you could bang into someone coming from the other washroom. No one was present in office other than her and me as it was a weekend. As I got close to gents toilet out of curiosity I peeped into the ladies toilet. 

The mirror is right opposite to the door and I saw Anisha bent down on the sink washing her face. Her ass towards me and it was so inviting clad in a tight blue jeans. I could see the curve of her left breast clad in a tight red t-shirt. Immediately 'little me' was alert and ready for action. I kept on ogling at her. 

She didn't realize I was standing at the door until she got up wiped her face with tissues and was drying the part just below her neckline. She had some drops of water between her neckline and her cleavage which was so invitingly revealed in her low neck top. She was shocked to see me standing at the door in the mirror and turned around. 

She had a look of complete horror and shock on her face. I smiled back at her and entered the toilet and asked her what scared her so much I didn't know I had such a horrifying face. She hit me on my chest and asked me what I was doing here and why was I peeping into ladies toilet. 

I smiled back at her and told her that I wanted to check if she was only cleaning up in the washroom but then I my eyes got glued to her ass. She smiled again and told me that I had started getting naughtier day by day. 

I asked her why did she refuse my proposition of coming over to my place. She rolled her eyes and said she wasn't confident of going that far as yet. I took her hand in mine and brought her closer to me. 

I was leaning by the platform built for the sinks and kissed her on her collar bone. I pulled her closer to me and her breasts were pressing against my chest and my lips were on her neck. I went on kissing her and then slowly progressed towards the back of her ear lobe and then to her cheeks and then to her lips. I sucked on her lips as I always wanted to and kissed her intently. I squeezed her ass cheeks with both my hands and pulled her crotch towards mine. She was thrusting into me as if trying to grind my dick with her crotch. 

I lifted her off the ground supporting her ass and she wrapped her legs around my waist. I turned around and placed her ass on the platform and was in a much better position to control the show now. I started kissing the part just above her cleavage and running my tongue over it. I slipped my tongue between her cleavage and was getting a constant taste of her salty skin. I pulled her towards me once again making us crotch to crotch with me trying to press harder into her crotch this time.  

I slipped my hand inside her t-shirt from the bottom to touch the soft skin at the waist. I slowly kept on sliding it upwards to reveal more of her fair skin below her ribs. I bent down and kissed her navel and then snaked my tongue at it. This sent jitters to her body and her back arched. 

She was now looking at my face one hand supporting her and the other running into my hair. I unbuttoned her jeans and pulled her zip down. She was wearing a blue satin panty with daisies printed on it in bright pink. I could smell her nectar and I kissed her where the panty was now revealed. She pulled me up to her place pulling me by my hair and asked me to stop doing it in the washroom. She was scared that someone might bump in and see us which won't be good for either of us. I agreed. 

Even though it was a holiday there may be other people like us who may need to come and we had a thin chance of getting caught.  I lifted her from the platform by placing my hands at her bums and carried her to one of the closets. The closets that we have in office are not so crampy and covered from top to bottom so they offer you a lot of privacy. I closed and bolted the door behind me. I covered the commode completely and sat down on it with her in my lap. 

I removed her t-shirt and she did the same to me.  I was really pleased to see her wearing a padded bra matching her panty. The color contrasted with the fair color of her skin and she was looking mind-blowingly hot in her bra and half open jeans. I quickly moved my hand behind her to unhook the bra but I couldn't find any hooks. She smiled back at me. Pulled my hands from her back and pushed them up above my head as if I had been tied. 

Even though I was stronger than her this position wasn't really favorable for me to exercise my strength and free up my hands. Her breasts were now almost at my nose and I could smell the floral perfume that she had put on. All this was turning me on beyond limits and I was getting desperate as ever to fuck her. She started to smooch me with her hands still that way in a very passionate and teasing manner. She would kiss when she wanted to not when I wanted to. As the kiss got more passionate her grip became weaker. 

Her arms were now around my neck gripping me so tight while I smooched her madly. My arms were around her waist and stroking her back now and then.  She then released her grip and the kiss and smiled naughtily, teasing me that I didn't even know how to open a bra. The brought her hands forward to the front of the bra and un-hooked it. I wasn't aware that it was a front open bra and I just shrugged my shoulder in 'how does that matter way' because I had a lovely pair of boobs to suck upon anyway. 

I took the left nipple in my mouth and pinched the right one between my finger and thumb. She moaned in pleasure as I started touching the more intimate parts of her body. I sucked on as much of her left breast as I could and went about pleasuring her. I then moved to her right breast. Her left breast was now redder than the right and I was willing to maintain a similar color of both. I sucked hard on her right nipple and licked all around the globe of her boob. I lifted her off my lap and pulled her jeans and panties down. 

I got up to take off mine as well when she sat down on the seat to completely get rid of the jeans and panties. We were stark naked in front of each other for the first time and it was daylight as well so I could see each and every part of her body and she could see mine. She took my light brown 7-inch cock in her hand and stroked it as she looked at it carefully and commented that it looks bigger than she thought it was from the little experience she had last night. 

I was staring at her 34C boobs capped with light brown nipples. Her nipples were perfect size and were erect. She had the perfect hour-glass figure and no man on earth could refuse to have sex with her if she showed her body to him. Her pussy was still having small stubs and her clit did not protrude out. Her skin was smooth as cream, spotless and she was so fair. She kissed the head of my cock first and then took a part of the head in her mouth. 

She started to bob her head to take small parts of my cock in her mouth. Within a few second a third of my cock was in her mouth. Slowly and consistently she took more than half of it in her mouth. She pulled out briefly and told me that she really liked the taste of my cum and wanted me to cum in her mouth again. I was more than happy to agree upon that. 

She went on fantastically blowing my cock with half of it in her mouth and remaining half under the grip of her palm. As she sucked on my cock she simultaneously stroked the remaining length of the cock and was making wet sucking noise at the same time. I announced my orgasm and sent the first load straight to her throat when she pulled out almost whole of my cock save the tip of it and the remaining cum landed on her tongue. 

She was quite evidently savoring on the taste of it while looking at my face and smiling. After I was done I made her sit on the toilet seat almost at the edge of it and made her split her legs. As the gap between her legs widened I got a clear view of her pink pussy lips with the folds of her labia now popping out and glistening in her pussy juices. She felt a little shy upon having me stare at her womanhood so intently. 

I looked up at her and her face was turned to her right and her eyes closed. Both her hands were behind on her sides resting on the walls on either side. I waited no longer and plunged my head between her legs to pleasure her clit. I first kissed softly on her pussy lips ran my tongue over it to lick all the juice that was there. I then split them with my fingers and plunged into her pussy. While I was busy moving my tongue in and out of her pussy as much as I could push it deep her back was arching and she was moaning loudly. 

I don't think either of us bothered about those moans at this point of time. I then pushed one finger inside her pussy and started working upon her clit.  She gripped my hair tightly with both her hands and pulled my face closer to her pussy. I continued pleasuring her pussy like this and by this time I had my middle finger and the index finger inside her pussy moving in and out. Her pussy was so wet and her smell was so strong, the taste was so good and I could just go on. My fingers were making slopping sounds while I was finger fucking her. 

I increased the pressure and intensity on her pussy and she started moaning even louder. Finally her back arched once again she let out a loud scream and her grip on my hair became tighter she continued saying 'Oh fuck' as if chanting a mantra and she came on my face. I licked every drop of her cum and savored the taste of it. I then got up to kiss her on her lips once again. She wrapped her arms around my neck and we started to smooch once again. As we were kissing each other on lips and our tongues were playing with each other she lifted her right leg and kind of wrapped around my thigh. I took this opportunity and placed my left arm around her waist and left arm under her butts and lifted her in my arms. 

I pushed her to the wall and both her legs were around my waist her arms around my neck and I was using my arms to lift her weight and she was sandwiched between me and the wall. My cock was resting in her slit and touching her clit as well as the warm and wet folds of her pussy. This was so arousing. I started grinding my penis on her clit as I kissed her and she was moaning in my mouth now. 

This went on for some time and her arousal was now increasing as I kissed her and rubbed my penis against her clit. She finally came once again almost biting on my lower lips while she came. I put her back on her feet. Her cheeks were reddish and pink lips were red due to the intense kissing. She was almost shivering out of excitement and she hugged me tight to stand still. After about a minute she looked up into my eyes again and thanked me for the amazing orgasm that she'd just had. 

My cock was rock hard as it had been as long as I'd been with her. She rested her hands on my shoulders and pushed me back in a way that I had to sit down on the toilet seat once again. She brought her mouth to my cock and sucked it once taking as much as she could take in her mouth. She had moistened it completely with her saliva and then she spread her legs and brought her pussy just above my cock. She indicated me to hold my penis in my hand. I did so and she carefully rested her pussy on the head of my cock. 

She slowly whispered in my ear that it was her first time and she wanted to control it as she wasn't sure how much she could take it in. I was more than ready to do that after all there is always a first time and you have to be patient with a girl when it's her first. She slowly started moving down on my cock and rested for a moment when the cock was in.  Both of us weren't sure if her hymen was still intact. She moved further down anticipating pain and rupture of the hymen. More than a third of my cock was in her but still she didn't experience anything breaking inside her but her walls were stretched and she was a little uncomfortable. 

I supported her by placing my hands below her butt to stay in that position for a while. In a matter of seconds she started moving up and down on the part of my cock in her.  With this motion she never realized but I did that more than half of my cock was in her. From whatever reading I had done so far I knew it won't pain anymore beyond this point than it was paining right now and I released the support that I had offered her. Suddenly all of my cock was in her wet and warm pussy. She gasped a bit probably anticipating more pain. Then she realized that it didn't get any worse and a feeble smile spread across her face. 

She rested more comfortably on my lap in that position to adjust to my cock completely inside her pussy and I started nibbling on her nipples. I was squeezing on left one and sucking on the right nipple and then switched the activity by sucking on the left and squeezing on the right. Soft hums and moans kept on coming out of her lips. There wasn't enough space to fuck her really comfortably. I once again offered her support on her bums and she started rocking on my cock. Slowly we developed a rhythm and both were moving in a way that was so fantastic.  

She was already comfortable with the size of my cock in her first sex ever and had now started enjoying the sex which was unlike other girls who had their first sex with me. I finally announced that I was about to cum when she got off me and got down on her knees on the floor. She started blowing me once again with her right palm wrapped around the base and her mouth covering the rest half of my penis.  

I finally came in her mouth in 4 spurts of semen and was exhausted by now but only physically not sexually. I could probably fuck her every hour of that day but the office toilet wasn't probably the best place to do that. She got up and kissed me once again on my lips and started to pick up her clothes to dress up. I started to follow her lead and once we were both dressed we chose to carefully exit the toilet to avoid any uncomfortable encounter. 
