 NB: This is a sequel of sorts to the story "Alison"

It was only a few weeks ago that it happened: that night was the worst of my life. It's only been a short while since I wrote my original story, and I had no idea I would be writing about my love life again. Well, at least, not so soon. It all happened at our senior formal. I had been going with Alison for quite a long time by that stage, and I was under the impression that everything was just perfect between us.

I believed that I was in love; in fact I'm certain that I was, and I thought Alison felt the same way as me. Our sex life was tremendous, we constantly talked for hours on end—we had been pretty much inseparable for the best part of a year. Now that's all over.

I picked her up for the formal at about seven o'clock, pulling up to her driveway to see her waiting on the front lawn with her parents. After a brief conversation with them, I had Alison all to myself, in my old Peugeot 505. I leaned across and kissed her, my tongue quickly passing into her mouth and massaging her own. She immediately broke the kiss, looking back to where her parents had been and seeing that they'd gone back inside, breathed a sigh of relief.

"Don't scare me like that, Cole! What do you reckon my parents would think if they saw us like that?"

"That you're not a virgin," I joked. She hit me softly on the arm.

"Very funny, Cole. Just please be a bit more careful when they're around."

"Since they're not now, how about it?" I asked, a grin playing across my face.

"I don't see any problem with that. Get over here, you animal." I didn't need to be told twice. I leaned over again, continuing our first kiss, and my hand moved across and rubbed her bare thigh.

"Oh god you're hot Cole. That's it, right there. Please, keep rubbing me. And go higher—I'm not wearing any panties." I nearly came when she said that. I didn't bother waiting around, though, and reached up under her dress towards her nether regions. She wasn't lying, either. I reached up and covered her entire pussy with my hand, only to find that it was almost completely bald—she had shaved it. As I once said, I usually love really thick bushes, but there seemed some kind of illicitness to this new look that turned me on even further, and it sent me into overdrive.

Forgetting about fingering her, I bent down, lifted her dress a little and brought my tongue to her hot pussy. She gulped.

"Oh, right there Cole, riiiigggggggghhhhhhhtttt there!" I moved my tongue, tracing the rim of her beautifully bald cunt, before quickly entering her with it. As I began to suck on her clit she unexpectedly came, covering my mouth and chin with her sweet juices.

"Fuck, that was quick. Where did that come from, honey?" I asked.

"You just turn me on so much, Cole. You're so fucking good at it, too. We're not done either, by the way. Just drive round the corner first, though. Then my parents won't know for sure that I am not virgin." I laughed, started the car and backed it out of the driveway, before driving a few hundred metres and turning it into a back road. I parked, and only seconds after the engine clicked off and I had had no time to react, she was on me. Her tongue down my throat, she frantically pulled the top of her dress down to reveal her small, pale, beautiful breasts, her bright pink nipples hardened to a point, and unzipped my fly. I reached up and put both hands on her bare breasts, kneading, massaging and rubbing as if I'd never felt them before. The fact that I'd once eaten chocolate sauce off them didn't detract from the situation.

She pulled out my cock and suddenly impaled herself on it, causing me to groan audibly.

"Oh, you like that, do you sex-boy? What about this?" She began riding my prick at a frenetic pace, before pulling her breasts out of my hands and feeding them to my face. I buried my head in her chest. Though I couldn't breathe, I felt far too good to care. Normally I like to go on top, or at least be in control, but with Alison, she's so good at riding me, that I never minded. She has this wonderful method of moving her hips, going up and then down, before really grinding down onto me, and then continuing the pattern. It made for great sex, though it was all I could do not to come within seconds.

This time I ended up lasting quite a while, not because it wasn't good, because it was brilliant, but because of the confined space. I don't know why, but I always seem to be able to go for ages if there is little room to move, and that of course means great sex. I remember that time I fucked Jess in the library bathroom—there was so little space that I was able to pummel her for the entire lunch hour, breasts in hand with tongues and lips locked, before coming right on time for our next lesson.

So as Alison bucked and humped me, I enjoyed her breasts, and we lost track of time—by the time we finished we were running extremely late. We didn't mind that much though, because we knew the formal and inevitable after parties would last all night. As I began the engine and pulled out onto the main road, Alison said:

"That was amazing, Cole. Though I think we might have gone for too long. There wasn't even time for me to give you a blow job." I laughed.

"That's okay, baby, I didn't need one, you're so sexy."

"Thanks, Cole," she said, blushing, which made me laugh. Alison is an amazing girl—she can perform the most wanton sex acts, and moments later turn into her shy, reserved and easily embarrassed self. She continued:

"I know you might be happy, but I'm not until I've tasted your cock. So I'm going to get what I need. Just don't get us killed in a car accident."

"I won't," I said, laughing. Then I groaned, because she had suddenly taken my entire length into her hot mouth in one gulp. She held it in place for a few seconds, while I tried to concentrate on my driving, before removing it from her mouth. Then she began licking my head, standing proudly out on my erect penis, and I felt a bit of pre-cum easing out of my cock.

"Ooh, Cole, not yet honey, not yet. You have to let me suck on it first."

"Don't worry, I'm not coming yet." She took that as a personal challenge, and intensified her licking, reaching the sensitive underside of the head, before licking along the shaft down to my balls, already tensing up for another load. I groaned again, trying in vain to ignore the sensations running through my body, and made sure I was at a safe distance behind the other car and following the right direction.

This continued for the entire trip, and I honestly believe I didn't orgasm just because I was concentrating so much on not having an accident with another car. Or maybe it was because she hadn't pulled out her vacuum cleaner yet. I pulled into the car park of where the formal was being held, saw we were only a half hour late, and warned Alison that we'd arrived. She licked the length and width of my prick once more, put it back into her sexy little mouth, and then provided the suction I wanted, the suction I needed.

"Oh, Allllllliiiiiiisonnnnnnnn. That mouth is amazing! Please, keep going, I'm almost there. Right...now!" I exhaled deeply, nearly unable to keep control of the car. It's a good thing that we were now travelling so slowly. As she swallowed down all of my cum, I said:

"You've got to do that more often." She regained her composure.

"What, once a day isn't enough for you?"

"Twice a day wouldn't be enough with that mouth of yours." She blushed again. I continued: "Come on, Alison. We'd better get inside, okay. You all clean and ready to go?" She nodded mutely while I put my dick back in my pants, checking for any suspicions stains or marks.

There were none, so I opened the door and stepped out of the car, quickly going around before Alison could get up and opening her door. As I helped her out of her seat, she said:

"Oh, my perfect gentleman." As she did, I put my hand on her tight rump and gave it a nice, firm squeeze. She slapped me lightly on the wrist, saying:

"God, you men! Always wanting one thing out of a girl—when you've already had it two seconds earlier!" We both laughed.

"Well you know me and my reputation. Since you're the only girl I'm with right now, you have to satisfy my big appetite. Before we started going together, I was having about four or five girls—students and teachers from our school—each week."

"Oh, yeah right, Cole."

"What?" I said, laughing.

"It was more like six or seven." I tried, and failed, to look innocent.

"Why don't we just get inside, and stop talking about my nefarious past?" She agreed, and we moved off into the large hall room, where most of the people in our grade already were.

It was a glorious sight as we swept inside, with everyone dressed up very smartly for the occasion. The first couple we met inside were Ann and Vincent, who had been going together for just a little while shorter than Alison and I had. I'd slept with Ann a number of times before, though, technically we never did any sleeping, and we had been good friends for a long time. We'd never considered it as going out, just fucking around and having fun, but when I'd gotten with Alison and she with Vincent, it had been a moot point. Ann, though, is a very sexy girl—Asian (though completely Australian in accent and time spent here), average height, a beautiful face with a wide-eyed stare (that looked amazing if she gave it to you while sucking on your cock) and gorgeous smile, small but very firm tits with marvellous, brown nipples, a butt to rival Alison's, and a wonderful, neatly shaved, hot (oh so hot) cunt. Sorry to digress.

"Hi Alison, Cole. How's it going? Bit late aren't we?" Ann said, smiling. Alison and I shared a mischievous grin, before she answered:

"We're fine, but bonehead here managed to get lost on the way here." Vincent and Ann laughed.

"Time for a dance, I think," announced Ann suddenly, and we all four moved out onto the ballroom dance floor, ready to enjoy probably our grade's final night together. I had no idea how much drama the night would bring.

It happened later in the evening: Ann and I were now sharing a dance, while Alison and Vincent went off to the seating area to get a drink, and probably just to shoot the breeze. It had been a while since I had spoken with Ann properly, and it was a slow song, so as we moved we were really able to have a good conversation.

"And how's life with you at the moment, Cole?" I looked across to the other side of the room and could make out Alison, my Alison, having a spirited discussion with Vincent. My heart fluttered.

"Life is wonderful. I'm in love with that girl."

"I know how you feel, it's the same with me and Vincent. Though," she added wickedly, "I believe I remember you saying you loved me when we were having sex in my mum and dad's bed while they were away for the weekend." I laughed loudly, which drew some stares from my former classmates, considering the type of music that was currently playing.

"What are you talking about? I distinctly recall saying to you, that I loved your hot body, your sexy breasts and your tight arse. And I recall you saying how much you loved my huge cock in your pussy." She laughed, and blushed a little, too. Hell, even I was a little flustered. She jokingly ground her hips into mine, which instantly made my cock stir in my pants.

"Yeah, those were fun times, Cole. And apparently, the fun times continue," she finished, feeling the new presence rubbing against her as we moved to the music.

"I suppose so, eh?" I said, softly rubbing my hand down her back onto her bottom, caressing her cheeks with both my hands. I stopped myself, with an effort, though.

"It feels so good, Ann, but I don't want to go down that road again. I care too much about Alison to do that to her."

"It's the same with me. You know, maybe we should stop dancing, and continue our conversation with a few drinks. That way we can't be touching each other—turning each other on."

"Good idea. By the way, how is Vincent, you know, in bed?"

"Oh, he's wonderful. You wouldn't think it to look at him, but he's quite a physical presence. He's pretty big, you know."

"Cool. Just interested."

"Okay, and what about Alison?" I laughed.

"She's amazing. Then again, so were you, but I've always had feelings for her, so I think it's just a bit more special. You both have really cute butts and tits, and you're both awesome kissers. Both very good, but I think it's just more special with her. Behind her, though—definitely you." She smiled with pleasure.

"Thanks, Cole. To be honest, I feel about the same when I compare you and Vincent. I think it's just that with us, we both knew it was never anything serious."

"That's right," I said, as we reached the place they were serving drinks at. I couldn't see Alison and Vincent immediately, but I wanted to wash my hands, so I pecked Ann on the cheek, thanked her for the dance, and then excused myself to go to the bathroom.

That's when I stumbled in on Vincent and Alison. If they'd just used the ladies' room, I think I may never have found out—certainly not on that night, at least. But fortunately, or unfortunately—whichever one you feel suits best—I opened the door to a completely shocking sight.

Alison, with her dress only slightly re-arranged, was pushed hard against the bathroom wall, being pummelled by Vincent. I have no idea how long they'd been in here for, but they'd built up quite a rhythm, and Alison had her eyes closed in unmistakable ecstasy, while Vincent was focusing on giving her the hardest fucking he possibly could.

I'd only ever seen that look on Alison's face when we were making love—I never thought I'd have to see it from a background view. I'm not exactly sure what my first emotions were, because they all came flooding out so quickly, but I think the first one was hurt. Just utterly hurt and rejected. This soon turned to sick, hot rage, which at first focused on the fact that I had now been in the room for a number of seconds, yet they were still so ensconced in their fucking that they hadn't noticed me. This soon changed to my feelings towards Ann—poor Ann who was sitting alone with a drink, wondering where her boyfriend of almost a year was and waiting for her good friend to return from the toilet, having just minutes before been tempted greatly to re-open an old door with that old friend, but choosing not to for love of Vincent. I think that's what got me the most. In that moment, that single split-second moment, I loved Ann more deeply than I ever loved Alison, more deeply than I think I will ever love another human being. That only lasted a moment, though, and though my feelings of hurt for both her and myself remained, it was my feeling of anger that overrode them. 

I eased myself back out of the room and marched off to find Ann. As soon as I reached her, the first thing I did was grab her by the hand, pull her to her feet and say:

"Follow me."

"Why?"

"You'll see. And it's not going to be good." She looked a little uneasy, but she followed me all the same.

When we reached the bathroom, she was on the verge of asking another question, but I silenced her with a look, before pushing open the door. Alison was now facing the wall, evidently having changed positions, and was being fucked by Vincent from behind. She was screaming in delight while Vincent was grunting loudly with every thrust. I had a sudden, irrational thought, this place must have thick walls, considering that you could hear none of the noise they were making from outside. I still don't know exactly why I was focusing on that at that point in time. Ann gasped audibly as she took in the sight, before stumbling backwards, beginning to hyperventilate.

I wanted to help her—my good friend who had suddenly been struck down by this betrayal, as I had—but I did what came naturally to me. I moved swiftly across the room and pulled Vincent roughly off Alison, announcing my and Ann's arrival, and threw him across the room to the ground. I guess I had an advantage in the element of surprise. Vincent certainly didn't know much about what was going on, falling straight over.

I then turned to Alison. Unspeakable rage came over me when she turned around to see what was going on, meeting my furious glare with a guilt-stricken look of her own.

"What the fuck is going on in here? Alison, why? Why are you in here with him? I thought you loved me." She was speechless—she did look sorry. What I wasn't sure, and still am unsure of, is whether she was sorry for doing what she had done, or sorry for getting caught. I still hate the thought, but I'm guessing it was the latter. I think she was enjoying it too much to be sorry for doing it.

As these thoughts flashed across my mind, I unconsciously drew back my left arm and balled a fist. My intent, though, was certainly conscious. I had never been so hurt, angry and rejected before. For the first time in my life I had actually truly cared about someone, and for the first time I had been rejected—by Alison. My Alison. It was Ann who stepped in, and I must say, she's a lot stronger than I am, something I greatly admire in her. She softly put her hand on my left forearm, pulling it gently down to my side, giving me a pleading look. Please don't do it, it's not worth it, that look told me. I'm so glad I listened.

"You know what, you're right Ann. Fuck you, Alison. Fuck yourself Vincent, I can't believe I ever considered you a friend. You are two of the most immoral, dishonest, disloyal and disgusting people I have ever had the trouble of coming across. I hope you have a good time together, doing whatever the hell you want to do so much, but I just don't want to know. All I want to know, Alison, is: was it worth it?" I didn't wait for a response, though, storming out of the bathroom as quickly as I could.

It was a haze, working my way out of there, but I found myself in the driver's seat of my car, where I'd been making love to Alison only a few hours before, with my eyes tearing up. I still couldn't come to grips with what had just transpired inside. Suddenly, there was a knock on my window, and I looked up to see Ann, tears streaming down her face, asking to come in. I nodded, and she went round to the other side, opening the passenger door and getting in the car.

"I thought you might be here, I couldn't see you anywhere inside." I nodded, and we both, almost comically, wiped our faces at the exact same moment. Ann let out a sexy giggle. It's funny, that even at this emotional low, I could notice how sexy Ann's laugh was.

"How did you leave it in there?"

"You pretty much said all that needed to be said, so I just kicked Vincent in the groin and left to find you. Took me a while, though," she said, trying to give me a reassuring grin. God, she looked so beautiful, and I found myself feeling, only for an instant, that deep love I had felt back in the bathroom. I suddenly laughed, though, and said:

"You kicked Vincent! After you stopped me from hitting Alison!" I was only joking, of course—I was utterly pleased with the fact that I hadn't touched her. Imagine that: her action being able to change me enough to be willing to hit a girl.

"Yeah, well, Alison's a girl. Guys can't hit girls. But girls can hit guys. I just prospered from the rules." She gave me a mischievous grin, and I laughed.

I suddenly felt extremely close to Ann, and I found myself leaning across, and her doing the same, before our lips met in a soft, long, lingering kiss. I didn't move at all, and neither did she, and we just sat there, enjoying the kiss. She parted her mouth slightly, and I took that as an invitation to plunge my tongue into her mouth, which she then massaged with her own. Like I'd said to her earlier, she was a tremendous kisser.
