 **I would like to thank cutiepie for all of her work on this. Three editing sessions is a lot to ask but she stepped up!!**

I was about to do something, something I could not believe I was even thinking about. I cared for Ann, I really did, but we were both married. If our spouses found out about this, it would most likely be the end of our marriages and certainly be the end of our relationship. I met Ann at an area community college and we served as officers in an organization at the college. There had been some flirting, nothing either one of us acted on, but neither one of us knew that the other wanted to act on it. That had been almost five years ago and now here I was, standing in the hallway of Ann's house, watching her take a shower. 

I could not believe that I was standing there, watching this. There she was in the shower, washing her body, and there I was, watching her do it! We had been having a relationship, although only on the phone, for several months now. But this was different, there she was in the flesh, literally! Soap was running down her wet flesh. Her hands were pushing the soap down her body and watching her touch herself was turning me on.

After a few minutes of watching this, I decided I had better go back to the living room. Soon I heard the water shut off. I knew that she was drying her body and she would soon be going to the bedroom. I almost leaned over the couch to watch her walk the two feet to her bedroom naked, but I stopped myself. Another few minutes went by and I knew what she was doing, she had described it to me many times on the phone. She was rubbing coconut lotion all over her body and then she was going to get dressed. 

When she came out to the living room, she was wearing a t-shirt and a pair of shorts. 

When she sat down beside me, I instantly wanted her and moved in to kiss her passionately and deeply. Our lips mashed together and our tongues met. When we finally broke for air, it was not for long and then we were back at it again. Our next kisses brought touching with them: my hands went to her 36C breasts and as I played with them through her shirt and bra, I could feel her nipples begin to harden. Our next round of kissing, my hands moved from her breasts to her crotch. 

I began to rub her through her shorts. Moans would escape between our kisses and her body twisted against mine. When our kisses ended this time, she turned and leaned back against me. I wrapped my right arm around her and put my hand back between her legs again. I then began to kiss her neck and work my hand underneath the waistband of her shorts. 

The more I kissed her neck, the more she spread her legs. This gave me more access to her clit, and I took full advantage of it. I began to rub small circles on her clit as I nibbled on her neck. I soon found my hand working lower and lower in her shorts, and my fingers began to probe the wet folds of her pussy, and when I say wet, I mean very wet. 

Soon I had two fingers sliding in and out of her. She leaned back against me even harder and I worked my fingers in and out of her even faster. Moans and deep breathing were coming from her mouth regularly now and then she let go of a small scream as a small orgasm took her. I felt the muscles of her pussy grip my fingers. Her back arched and then she settled back against me.

As I eased my fingers out of her pussy and then her shorts, she did something that shocked even me. As my hand moved to come back around her shoulder, she grabbed my hand and took the two fingers I had just a minute ago had in her pussy and sucked on them, licking her juices off of them. While she had my fingers in her mouth sucking on them, I began to wonder what it would feel like to have my cock in her mouth. 

After a few minutes of this, I pulled my fingers from her mouth and then I stood up and kneeled down in front of her. 

I reached up and unbuttoned her shorts and had her lift herself up so I could slide them off of her. Then I put my hands under her ass and pulled her forward, I moved between her legs and pushed my face into her pussy. My tongue began to slowly attack her clit again and I heard her suck in a deep breath of air. 

I looked up and said, "He must be crazy, this is the most delicious pussy I have ever tasted," and then I went back to work on her. She had told me that her husband would not go down on her because he didn't like the taste of it. I'd thought he was nuts when I heard that: now I knew it! 

I kept licking her clit and pussy, sliding my tongue into her every once in a while. Soon she had her hands on my head, forcing my face deeper into her pussy, and I was loving every second of it. 

Soon she began to arch her back again: I knew what was coming. I slid my hands under her ass once again and forced my face deeper into her pussy. My tongue was now flicking like crazy across her clit, and she was responding like she should have been, she was going nuts. She began to moan and scream and then it happened. 

"Ohhhhh!" she moaned, and then arched really high off of the couch. She was coming and coming hard. Juices were running out of her pussy, and I was doing my best to try to catch them with my tongue. She started to breathe very, very hard and my tongue kept up its attack. After a couple of minutes, I stopped and pulled back. I pulled her off of the couch and onto my lap and I started to kiss her. My eight inch cock was straining against the material of my jeans. I stood up and pulled her up with me. 

I grabbed her by the hand and walked back to her bedroom. Not a word was said between us as we walked. I led her to the bed and then I pushed her back onto it. I stood there and got undressed as she took off her shirt and bra. 

Both naked now, we began to kiss some more. Our hands were rubbing the bare skin of the other person in our embrace. This kept on for minutes, the kissing, the rubbing... the passion was building between us. Soon she had her hand wrapped around my shaft and I had slid two fingers back into her wetness. We were masturbating each other and it felt so right. After a few minutes of this, she reached down and moved my hand from between her legs.

"Time to return the favor," she said and pushed me onto my back. I sat up on my elbows as she slid between my legs. Her hand gripped my cock and was stroking it gently. Ann leaned forward and licked the tip of it and it sent a shiver through my body. She licked all around the head and up and down the shaft, nibbling it as she went up and down. 

After doing all of this, she looked up at me and smiled. With a naughty glare that looked sinister yet sexy, she opened her mouth and took in about half of my cock. I leaned back and gasped as she began to suck on me like I had never been sucked before. Her mouth and lips gripped me as she came up my shaft and then released some when she went down. The pleasure I was feeling was becoming very intense. 

I grabbed the back of her head and began to guide her up and down. I groaned a little more every time she took more of me into her mouth.

Her speed increased as her blowjob got more intense. I could hear her moaning as well and it was turning me on. Her mouth began to move faster and faster up and down my shaft. I was getting worried: I didn't want to lose control and go off in her mouth because we'd never talked about it and I really didn't want to surprise her, so I grabbed her by the shoulders and pulled her off of my nearly exploding shaft. I knew it was time: I had to be inside of Ann. I moved up off of my back to get to where I needed to be. 

"We should have done this ages ago," I whispered into her ear. She moaned back at me and that was all. I moved her hand and pulled my fingers out of her and moved between her legs. I rubbed the head of my cock up and down the wet slit of her pussy. For a second I almost pulled back, thinking of her husband and my wife, both oblivious to what was happening, but then I put it out of my mind. 

I lined the head of my cock up and thrust forward and I went in easily. I leaned forward and just lay on top of her for a minute, our flesh as one. I did not want to move. She smiled at me and I smiled back. She hooked her legs around my waist and I began to move in and out of her. I was fucking Ann and I could not be happier. 

My thrusts in and out of Ann were slow and easy at first: it had taken me years to get to this point and I was not going to rush it. I could feel her muscles gripping me, she was so tight. Each thrust in made some juice leak out of her and I could feel it dripping between our crotches. Her legs pulled me forward, deeper into her. It was so warm and tight, I had not felt anything like it in a long time. 

My thrusts began to pick up speed and Ann was moving to meet each thrust. I felt the ache begin to grow in my balls. I started to thrust harder and deeper into her. I stopped and grabbed her legs and put them up over my shoulders and grabbed her arms so I could really begin to fuck her. 

"Harder," she moaned. "Come on, fuck me harder!" 

I thrust forward deeper and faster and each time a moan escaped from her mouth. I felt her muscles begin to contract, she was getting ready to come and I was very close too. I increased my speed once again until our skin was slapping together in a regular rhythm. 

"Ohhhhh!" she cried. "I am cummmmmmingggg!" she screamed. She continued shouting, "Fuck me Alan! Fuck me harder!" 

I pounded once more into her, maybe twice, and then I shot my cum into her. I could feel jet after jet of my sperm going into her waiting pussy. 

I collapsed on top of her and our breath was coming hard and fast. After I regained some of my composure, I looked at her, kissed her and got up and got dressed. I knew that her husband would be home soon for lunch and I could not be anywhere near there. 

After I finished dressing I walked to the edge of the bed, sat down and leaned in to kiss her again. 

"Talk to you later," I said. 

"Yeah," she said with tears forming in her eyes. "Love you," she said.

"Love you too," I said.

I left the bedroom, walked out to the living room where all of this had started, out the front door, and to my car and left, fighting back my own tears as I drove away from her house.