 Ann started dating Jimmy in her senior year of high school right after they both turned 18. It seemed all of their friends had birthdays around the same time so everyone was strutting around in their new status as an "adult". Even though she gave up her cherry right away she found that even with fucking Jimmy once or maybe twice a week, she was constantly horny. Fortunately her older sister Jennifer taught her about vibrators and allowed Ann to borrow hers.

Ann knew she liked dating Jimmy because he had money and a car. His family was rich and spared no expense. This also made Jimmy popular with the jocks because the quarterback on the high school football team, Lance, liked being able to count on Jimmy for a car when he wanted to take his current girlfriend out to one of the many lover's lanes and fuck her.

"Hey, let's take the girls out for a burger and then someplace to fuck," Lance suggested to Jimmy one warm Friday night just before school let out for summer vacation. Lance always wanted to get right to sex with very little preliminaries.

"I've got some beer I snuck that I can bring," Lance continued.

"OK, let's go to Steak n Shake. That way we can get car service and be able to fool around a little," Jimmy replied.

The boys picked the girls up around 7:00 PM and drove to the nearby Steak n Shake. Jimmy and Ann were in the front seat of Jimmy's car and Lance and Barbara were in the back. Barbara was a cheerleader with big tits that all the girls envied. As they waited for the food to arrive, both couples did some kissing.

Being in the back seat, Lance took things further.

"Lance, stop that," giggled Barb.

"Oh, come on. We're in the back seat, no one will see your panties," replied Lance authoritatively. From the sounds of a zipper being undone and the wiggling around coming from the back seat it seemed Lance had won the point.

When the food came, Ann and Jimmy were only too happy to pass food to the back seat to see how far Barb had gone. Indeed her short shorts were off and she was sitting with only a tiny pink thong covering her pussy.

Not wanting to be outdone by Barb, Ann said, "Nice thong Barb, wait 'till you see what I'm wearing."

Lance and Barb leaned over the front seat as Ann leaned against the passenger door and did a slow strip of her shorts. As she tugged them lower and lower, the other three were treated to the sight of Ann's pussy visible through a thin mesh thong that revealed that she had shaved it completely.

"Umm, I love a shaved pussy," said Lance lasciviously.

"What, you always told me you liked my big bush," Barb chided him.

"Well, that was before I saw how great Ann looks," he responded.

"We'll see after tonight," said Barb.

The air was by now sexually charged so both couples wasted no time in finishing their meals so they could get to some secluded spot. Lance and Jimmy did not miss the opportunity to keep trying to reach inside the girls thongs. The girls wiggled around in mock resistance but always yielded at the critical moment.

Soon the tray was cleared, the check paid and they were on the way.

"Let's go to that new spot by the lake," Lance suggested.

"Oh yeah," everyone chimed in. The lake was a favorite spot as the moon rose across the lake giving a good light in the cars so the couples could enjoy visual stimulation as well as touch.

As Jimmy pulled the car up in the parking lot facing the lake, they seemed to be the only ones there. She and Jimmy were soon naked on the front seat and from the sounds coming from the back seat, Lance and Barbara were fucking hard. Jimmy lay on his back and Ann rolled on top of him and begin to ride his cock. As she did so, she was able to look into the back seat and see that Lance and Barbara were fucking missionary style. "God, her tits are huge," thought Ann. Barbara was a real blonde with long hair that hung below her shoulders. At 5'10", she was quite tall and had long sexy legs. Ann could see that Barbara had a full bush of blonde hair. It was quite a sexy sight.

In contrast to Barb, Ann had dark hair and stood about 5'5" tall. Her hair was cut in a stylish short look. With her shaved pussy and bubble butt she was quite sexy. While Barb was a 36DD, Ann was only a 34B. But Ann noticed that while her own nipples protruded about an inch when aroused, Barb's big aureole stayed quite flat.

Soon Lance tired of the missionary position and got Barbara to turn over and get on her knees. As they changed position, Ann got a good view of Lance's cock and was amazed at the size. He would make two or three of Jimmy. As Lance began to plunge in and out of Barbara, Ann was mesmerized by his cock. Tearing her eyes away she made eye contact with Lance and realized that he had been watching her. He winked at her and licked his lips lasciviously. Ann turned briefly away, embarrassed, but soon couldn't keep her eyes off Lance's mammoth tool. Soon she felt an orgasm rising in her and had one of the most intense orgasms of her young life. She realized that it wasn't from Jimmy's cock but from watching Lance work over the delectable Barbara. Barb had a strict curfew so after they had all cleaned up, they headed from the lake. Since Lance needed to borrow Jimmy's car tomorrow and Ann lived near Lance, they had previously decided that they would drop Barb off and then drop Jimmy off. Finally Lance would drop off Ann at her house. Ann and Jimmy passionately kissed goodnight with promises to see each other tomorrow night.

As Lance and Ann drove away, the air was charged between them. Ann sat a respectful distance but found herself glancing over at Lance's groin and saw that he seemed to be hard again.

"Did you like what you saw tonight?" he asked.

When she didn't respond, he said, "You liked looking at my cock, didn't you."

Ann could only nod yes as she was afraid words would betray her passion. She realized that they were not heading for their homes but were headed in the direction of some notorious lovers' lanes. Again, she was powerless to speak up. Lance reached over and took her hand and moved it to his crouch. She couldn't believe how big he felt, and how hard, especially after the number of times he'd fucked Barbara tonight.

Well, she thought, I've gone as far as touching him, I might just as well be closer as she moved away from the door and snuggled up to him. He put his arm around her as he drove and began to fondle her breast. She was getting so turned on. When they arrived at the lovers' lane, there were no other cars around.

Lance pulled her to him as he simultaneously unbuttoned her blouse. "Lance, I'm not sure..." she tried to say but she knew it sounded hollow as she responded to his kisses and allowed him free access to her breasts.

As the night was warm, they stepped outside to enjoy the view. They continued to kiss passionately and Lance completely removed her blouse.

"Your nipples are so sexy," Lance said admiringly as he gently tweaked them. "I can't believe how they stand up, almost like pencil erasers. I wish Barb had tits like yours."

Ann basked in the praise. Lance's attentions soon turned lower and he unbuttoned her shorts and they dropped to the ground.

"Where did you buy these?" Lance asked as he reached his hand into the mesh thong and caressed Ann's slit.

"Oh, I found them on the internet," she replied breathlessly as the attention to her clit was driving her wild.

"Very nice," Lance replied as he slid her thong over her hips and it dropped to the ground with her shorts. She was now standing naked except for her high heels with her shorts and thong around her ankles. The shorts and thong fell in a heap as Lance picked her up and sat her on the front fender of the car. The car felt warm to her body as he continued to kiss her while alternating between playing with her tits and rubbing her pussy.

"I'm naked," pouted Ann, "I think you should be too."

"Sluts are supposed to be naked," he retorted as he eased his finger into her pussy.

"Oh, oh, oh, yesss," Ann screamed as an orgasm overtook her.

"Do you want my cock in you Ann?" Lance asked as he continued to finger fuck her.

"Oh, please fuck me! I want to feel your big cock in me," she practically shouted as her pussy continued to spasm.

"OK, you asked for it baby," said Lance as he backed away from the car.

He slowly peeled his T-shirt off, revealing his muscular torso to Ann. She marveled at his broad shoulders and toned muscles, not at all like Jimmy's slight build.

Lance continued his show by slowly dropping his jeans to the ground. Ann could see the huge tent formed by his hard cock in his boxers.

"Is that what you've been waiting to see?" asked Lance.

Ann nodded.

"Tell me what you want Ann," Lance commanded.

Ann was silent.

"Ann, if you want this, you have to tell me what you want," chided Lance, as if to a child.

Giving in to her mounting passion Ann finally said, "I, I want to see your big cock... and I want you to fuck me with it."

"And if I do that, will you be my fuck slave Ann?" Lance went on.

Ann bit her lip as she pondered what that might mean.

"Well Ann, I don't have all night. I have practice in the morning. Are you going to be my fuck slave, to fuck whenever and wherever I want and with whomever I tell you to?" Lance said aggressively.

Ann was ashamed of herself but she needed his big cock in her so she nodded, "Yes."

"Tell me Ann, tell me what you want," Lance again commanded.

"I, I want you to fuck me and I'll be your fuck slave, to do with as you please" she finally answered.

Lance moved between her legs and again took her in his arms and kissed her. As he did so his cock nudged her pussy and she almost passed out as she felt its large head.

He teased her clit gently for a few moments, rubbing his cock up and down and around her wet pussy lips. After a couple of minutes of this action, he pushed his hard-on all the way into her. Ann was surprised at how easily she took his giant tool but realized that she was very, very well lubricated from the foreplay and her submission to Lance's demands. As he pistoned into her, he bent down and sucked on one of her very hard nipples. She was in heaven and had an orgasm almost immediately, flooding the fender with her juices. Lance then put his arms around her waist and without missing a beat picked her up off the car. She put her arms around his neck and they kissed passionately as they continued to fuck. This continued for about 15 minutes while Ann had multiple orgasms. 

She couldn't believe that Lance still hadn't come and was so hard. Putting her down finally, he turned her around and bent her over the hood of the car. He stuck his finger in her drenched pussy and then used that lubrication to push his finger into her virgin asshole. She had heard some of the other girls, notably Barb, talk about how their boyfriends fucked their ass but she and Jimmy had never tried it. She was scared but very aroused at the same time. She felt Lance pushing at her back door and she pushed her butt back to help him enter her. His cock entered her virgin ass slowly at first but then slid fully in and Lance started to fuck her hard. At the same time, he reached around and played with her clit, occasionally sticking his finger into her pussy. "Almost like another cock," Ann thought and wondered how it would be to have two guys doing this to her. This unfamiliar action soon had Ann on the brink of an orgasm and from Lance's groans, she knew he must be close as well. With a loud groan, Lance erupted in her and she could feel his jism flowing out her ass and down her legs.

Lance tossed her some tissues to clean up with and she tried to wipe up the evidence of the wild time she'd just had. As the lust wore off, Ann suddenly realized what she had done and couldn't decide how she felt. On the one hand, she was ashamed that she had cheated on Jimmy but on the other hand she knew she couldn't go through life without sex like this. And she had made a commitment to Lance. She had some serious thinking to do. Both still naked, Lance took her in his arms and said, "You are a great fuck, even better than Barb, and I love your shaved pussy."

Ann, still aware of what she'd done, pleaded, "Please don't tell Jimmy."

"Don't worry honey, you and I are going to do a lot more of this and no one will be the wiser," he replied. Ann wasn't sure she liked the tone of that but the thought of doing this more won out.