 I played with Ann's naked belly by running my thick, erect cock up and down her pubic hair and running the uncircumcised tip up and down her engorged labial folds. Slowly her nymphae folded open and I nestled the sizable head of my cock between them and at the opening to her vagina. With anticipation Ann's already feverish breath quickened. The smooth skin of her belly moved rapidly up and down with each breath. Gosh, but she was beautiful. 

At 56 years of age Ann had kept her body in great shape. And until this moment she had always been a very modest woman. Now I was admiring her totally nude 5'5" body laid out on my massage table with her legs open and ready to take me inside of her. 

Her dark salt and pepper hair, cut short, framed her face which was smiling with the sensual pleasure that I had been giving her via massaging her body with my fingers and hands. Her bright blue eyes were sparkling with sexual anticipation. The skin on her face, her arms and her lower legs was tanned from exposure to the sun; she loved to work on her garden. This contrasted with her pale white unblemished skin everywhere else. Her skin was smooth and almost hairless, despite her naturally dark hair. Her breasts were small and conical and each breast was tipped with an areola of about an inch across and a rounded nipple that was sticking up with the excitement she was feeling at this moment. Each nipple was a darker, reddish brown color, similar to the darker color of her genitals. Her pubic hair was a triangle of dark, black curly hair that covered her belly below her navel and curled into her labial folds. Other than at the edges of where a swimsuit would expose her pubic hair, Ann didn't shave herself. She was that 30% of women who thought things should remain natural down there. She had shaved her legs and armpits, however, bowing to conventional practice; this added to the smooth look of her skin as I looked down on her and felt the soft silkiness of her legs against my naked muscular hips.

Conventional...that described Ann. She normally wore modest blouses and shorts when working outside. On only one occasion when it was horribly hot had she succumbed to wear a short t-shirt and no bra; I had admired the outline of her breasts as we had talked; so had many men passing by. This had been only a few weeks before. This was when I had seen her at the local community pool.

It was at the pool that I had struck up a conversation with her about what she did now that her children had grown and were out of the house, and it was just she and her husband. Being a masseuse and always looking for clients I asked if she ever gave herself the time to enjoy a massage. She never had. Never.

After several encounters at the pool and one accidental meeting in a local grocery store and later coffee bar where we found ourselves talking at length she finally acquiesced and expressed interest in letting me give her a massage. I knew she was interested because then the questions became very specific. Would she have to get naked in front of me? No, there would always be a strategic bath towel covering her and she could leave her panties on if she wanted to. The main focus of my massage was her back, her legs, and her neck and shoulders; that was why she needed to be topless. Would she have to take a shower? Yes, I asked all my clients to shower both before and, if I used oils, after. I gave massages at my home in a room set aside for this occupation and it had its own double-sized shower with shower heads in multiple locations and with multiple settings. I wanted my clients, male or female, to have a special experience when they visited me for a massage. Would there be anyone else there while she was getting her massage? I told Ann I tried to have clients not run into each other so they had privacy; some people were skittish about running into others they knew. But if she wanted someone to be there, that was OK with me. Also I could perform the massage at her home if she felt more comfortable. This had led to many sexual encounters because the women felt less inhibited in their own surroundings.

So this was the fifth session I was having with Ann. With some women I definitely knew they wanted a straight tension massage with no deep massage thrown in. But Ann was one of those women who at this point in their life wanted to explore more. I knew she would be amenable to what I referred to as a deep massage. My deep massage was a regular massage but with my massive cock slid deep inside a woman's vagina and massaging her from the inside. Most women would reach a climax with very little movement from my penis. At that point they wanted me to fuck them with that large, uncircumcised cock of mine. Some women would reach multiple orgasms and some women became so uncontrollably aroused that they would have a squirting orgasm. And many women would want me to ejaculate inside of them. I never knew what would transpire during each massage session. I just enjoyed women with all their beauty and all that passion once it was unlocked by my regular massage techniques and then by my deep massage techniques. It often ended with the two of us in my double-sized shower playing sexual games and cleaning each other off. Each of my clients left with a smile and a bounce in their step. That was my mission statement on my business cards: A smile on your face and a new bounce in your step.

Ann had quickly become comfortable with first leaving the towel off, and then baring her breasts when she turned over on her back, and then finally saying in our fourth session, "Oh what the heck. It's just a massage and I'm sure you've seen other women naked." With this statement she lifted her hips up, hooked her thumbs into her cotton panties and slipped them off. What greeted me was a thick, tangle of curly black hair in a triangle that curled over her labia and thoroughly hid her labia. During that session she started out with her legs together but as I worked her legs, her thighs and her hips she grew comfortable enough and soon parted her legs. By the end of our session my hands were moving freely up and down her thighs and brushing repeatedly against the thick pout of her twin labia. She even let my thumbs work those little pockets of tender skin between her labia and her thighs and in doing so my thumbs pushed against her labia and worked them back and forth. By the end of that session her nymphae, or inner labia, made an appearance through the thick curls of her pubic hair and so did the inch long shaft of her clitoral hood as her clit engorged. Her breathing also quickened.

As I told Ann that I was finished and asked her if she wanted to use the shower since I had been using warm oil during that fourth session, a look of disappointment that it was over and that the pleasure had stopped came over Ann's face. I took a chance and asked her if she would like a little extra service in the form of me helping her shower. She paused but had that look of fascination and lust so I took the initiative and picking up her panties and taking her hand I led her to the shower. She started up the water and after removing my sleeveless t-shirt and my shorts and thong I stepped in behind her while her head was under the water. 

This was always a very risky point. A woman can suddenly realize that it has gone too far between us and ask me to step out because she feels uncomfortable or she can acquiesce to having her shoulders and back and then the rest of her massaged and lathered up.

With Ann as I placed my hands on her shoulders she just let me lather her up. It was when she turned to face me that she realized three things: one, I was completely nude and wasn't wearing a thing, two, I had the biggest cock she had ever encountered, and three, I was bald down there except for a landing strip of pubic hair that ran down my groin to the base of my sizable cock which was hairless like my heavy, round testicles. Without thinking Ann reached out her right hand and ran her finger down the length of my cock and said, "Oh my!!" Then she shook herself and let me continue lathering her up while her eyes remained closed. I lathered the twin cones of her breasts, under her armpits, down her hips and then between her legs making sure one finger slowly stroked the bud of her clit while lathering up her mat of pubic hair. I then got closer to her so that I could curl my soapy hands around the round cheeks of her butt and between them until I touched her anus and lathered up the crack of her butt. This positioned my penis so that it was lightly touching the pubic hair on her belly and as I opened up the crack of Ann's butt with my soapy fingers she drew closer to me and pushed against my stiffening penis.

After rinsing off and as I toweled her off she noticed that I had a partial erection and my member was even larger. "Did I do that!?" she asked with an almost girlish, flirtatious tone of voice. I turned her towards the large mirror in the shower room, stood behind her so that the tip of my cock was nestled against the crack of her butt, and placing my hands on her shoulders, said, "Look at you Ann. You're a beautiful woman. Why wouldn't any man become aroused with such beauty in front of him?" She blushed, realized finally that she was married and was coming close to a line she didn't want to cross just then, and got her clothes back on. As she was leaving at the end of our session she hugged me and said, "Thanks, so much...for everything. You make me feel so wonderful. Even my husband has noticed the spring in my step and that I am feeling attractive. So, until our next session, thanks."

So now, here I was about to cross that line with Ann. I pushed so slightly and Ann's nymphae dragged against my foreskin as my glans pushed into her. "Oh my, that feels wonderful!" she said. I made sure to distract her skin as much as I could, but steadily I sank the nine inches of my two and a half inch diameter cock into her belly. As I looked down I saw my nearly bald skin of my flat groin pressed against the thick labia of Ann's pussy and the shaft of her clit was now so engorged that the little tip was protruding from under the hood or foreskin covering her clit. I continued to massage her thighs, her calves, her feet, and conversely her torso, her chest, her breasts, her nipples, and on up around her face and neck. After all my penis inside of her was just another massage technique. 

I felt her vagina mold itself and lengthen itself to accommodate my length and girth, but the warmth and lubrication of Ann's vagina stiffened me further so I swelled inside her pussy. "Oh my goodness, this is quite incredible." Ann breathily sighed as she felt my cock stiffen inside her pussy. Snug inside of her I now began to move slowly in and out of her just a little. This massaged her vaginal walls and, given my girth, massaged her g-spot. This was all part of what I called my deep massage. I never stopped running my oiled hands over every inch of her skin and across every muscle in her body. Every so often I would lower a thumb and run it up and down the length of her clit which was now easy to access as her pubic hairs curled back from her genitals. The scent of her aroused pussy and that smell in her pubic hair wafted up to my nose and caused my erection to stiffen further.

Another cry, this time, "Oh my god," issued from Ann's mouth. Her face, her breasts, and her tummy flushed with blood and then I felt her vagina squeeze in a rolling spasm as she climaxed. But with me filling her from one end of her vagina to the other there was nowhere for her orgasm to express itself so it just rolled on and on and on seeking release by closing part of that deep, delicious tunnel inside of her. She moaned and the moan soon became a cry and then the cries become a series of screams as her orgasm expressed itself across every fiber of her wonderful, female body. 

No man can have this kind of orgasm and it was one of the key factors that encouraged me to keep serving women of all ages with my hands and my body. Each woman is a wonder to behold when her power and deep emotions are unlocked and her uninhibited self can express itself without guilt or shame. Ann looked up at me as her voice quavered, "Oh...my...god...this...is...incredible. Thank...you." She smiled a huge smile, closed her eyes and went with the shudders, shakes and quivers that possessed her body and especially her sex organs.

As her orgasm subsided Ann looked up at me hungrily and asked, "Fuck me. No, I mean really fuck me. I want your cock, Mark. I want it bad. And I want it moving hungrily inside me. Please...fuck me. No deep massage...I want to be fucked by that," she pointed to the thick shaft of my cock partially inside of her vagina.

So I fucked Ann. I moved my hips steadily so that the full length and girth of my cock pulled and pushed against her pussy lips, the little bud of her clitoris filled with 9,000 nerve endings and the g-spot deep just inside of her vagina (again a fascinating difference of the female body that enables her to orgasm from three different parts of her). Ann came twice more and they were intense orgasms. With the third one I moved my oiled thumb rapidly up and down her clitoris until it swelled like a little penis. When Ann came her clit literally vibrated under my thumb and she shot a stream of clear liquid out of her urethra. She had actually ejaculated.

Now she looked up at me a little tired from so much excitement and such intense orgasms and begged me with a single word, "Yes." I now moved faster and faster inside of Ann's soft, slippery vagina. The friction and heat built up as I thrust in and out of her gorgeous pussy faster and faster and deeper and deeper. My cock was now shiny with the lubrication of Ann's vagina and she reached down and pressed her hands to her belly so she could feel the head of my cock sliding deep under her skin and muscles. She giggled at the feeling of it like a hard but soft snake sliding around just under her skin. She curled her hips up so that my testicles slapped off the bare naked curves of her bottom. She curled her legs up and over my shoulders so my penetration would sink deeper into her. I had to be careful though. I didn't want to bang up against the hard mouth of her cervix. Unless a woman was either pregnant or were in her fertile time of the month and that cervical opening has softened and opened and her body was soft and yielding making itself ready to be inseminated it could be quite painful to have an object whether a dildo or a penis bump against it. 

To avoid this I quickened my strokes and angled them to each side of her cervical opening until like magic her female body adjusted itself for her pleasure and lengthened and opened the tunnel of her vagina to accommodate what I was doing to her. Now feeling her open up slightly deep inside of her vagina I began long, hard thrusts that allowed me to grind my groin muscles into her hair covered groin and pussy lips. I used the muscles of my groin to press against Ann's clit but alternated with a finger or thumb stroking her clit. 

It wasn't long before I felt Ann's muscles tighten in pre-orgasm and she looked into my eyes and nodded her head. I picked up my pace so that I could not hold back. Deliciously we orgasmed at the same time and my ejaculations bathed Ann's vagina and cervix with a million sperm and huge amounts of salty, creamy semen in which those sperm were swimming. I embraced Ann and held her body while we both shook and shuddered inside and around each other.

Soon the shudders stopped and the intense pleasurable sensations we felt began to dissipate. I leaned back off of Ann's beautiful, but damp body and said, "I'd like to give you a parting massage to relax you before you go." 

She responded, "OK, but please stay inside of me. You are so large and you feel so good inside of me that I don't want to forget this sensation." I left my still thick and long albeit softening penis inside of Ann while my hands firmly moved her muscles and nerves under her breasts, her waist, her hips and her thighs. Finally I did pull my seven inches out of Ann with a pop and as my semen and her own juices began to seep out of her vaginal hole I knelt between her legs, parted her thick hairs with my fingers and used my tongue to lap up our juices and to clean her labia off. I kept this up for a full ten minutes until Ann remarked, "If you keep doing that I am going to have another orgasm, you naughty boy." I learned much later that Ann's husband never feasted on her hair covered belly...something about cleanliness and smell. So she felt happy that I absolutely relished the taste, the scent and the textures of her genitals and the hairs covering those genitals.

I showered her up again and we parted. Now Ann is a regular client and we vary up the deep massage or erotic portions of our regular session, which ironically her husband has paid for by paying me for a whole year's worth of sessions. He told me she has been like a new woman since I began my massage sessions with her. If only he knew!!