 I'd just finished being on the receiving end of an amazing blowjob. Dawn was incredible, and I couldn't wait to get inside Mark's place and return the favor, as a prelude to other things. But Dawn seemed to have a different agenda altogether. She got this excited look in her eyes and she started ripping off her shoes and socks. She opened the door of the car and threw them into the yard next to the sidewalk. I was a little puzzled, when she grabbed my sliding shorts and her sports bra and got out. 

"What are you doing?" I asked.

"Leaving a trail."

It was about 11:30 and Dawn slammed the door shut, making enough noise to wake anyone that might have been asleep. She pulled off her jersey and dropped it a little farther up the sidewalk, and then dropped her bra even closer to the front door. Next came her shorts, followed by her own sliding pants. 

Dawn stood on the stoop of Mark's home, wearing just a tiny yellow g-string. I was surprised she had it on to play ball, but I wasn't complaining. Instead, I was frozen, standing next to my car with the door still open.

Playing with her thumb under the thin string on her hip, Dawn smiled.

"You're gonna have to take this last one off, big guy. I helped you with yours."

I started to close the door and walk, or run, to her. But Dawn raised her hand, giving me the stop sign.

"Not so fast, lover. You need to leave a trail too. We have to help Mark and Jill find their way home. We wouldn't want them to get lost, would we?"

I took off my shoes and socks and dropped them in the grass next to my car door. Reaching in the back seat, I picked up my sliding pants and shut the door as I walked toward the angel waiting lustfully on Mark's doorstep. 

Dawn's sliding shorts were closer to the door than her softball shorts; I suppose to give the appearance that we were undressing on the way in. Wanting to match her item for item, I dropped my Jersey next to hers, and walked up next to her shorts. I tossed the sliding ones farther up the sidewalk, near where hers had landed. 

Smiling at Dawn, I slowly unbuttoned my shorts and lowered the zipper, letting gravity handle the rest as I let them go. My cock was hard again. Actually, I didn't remember it going soft. As I stepped out of them, naked to the world, Dawn's eyes got excited about seeing all of me for the first time. She licked her lips, which only reminded her of me as she tasted my cum again.

"Mmmmmm, that looks nice!" she cooed. 

I started to walk to her, but again she raised up her hand to stop me.

"Turn around please. I want the full view."

I turned slowly and stood, posing with my arms curled and tightening my muscles to make them pop out. I never pretended to be a body builder; far from it. But I was very well defined physically. Dawn noticed.

"God I love a tight ass on a man!" 

As I turned, Dawn nodded. I slowly made my way to her. She was standing two steps above me when I got there, and her crotch was at about my chest. I wasted no time in claiming my prize. Placing my hands on her ass, I pulled her toward the edge of the little covered porch. 

My thumbs worked their way under the thin straps of Dawn's g-string near her ass crack, and I moved my hands towards her hips, stretching the material out. Lowering myself in time with my hands, my face came into view of her heavenly 'Y'. She parted her legs ever so slightly as I continued to remove the last object that kept us both from being totally naked outside Marks' home.

I let go of the small undergarment, letting it drop to her feet, and my hands ran up the backs of her legs, returning to her ass. As magnificent as Dawn's breasts were, I have always been an ass man. And hers didn't disappoint. It was perfectly shaped, and wonderfully tight. Dawn let out a little sigh as I lightly brushed my fingers over her skin. Her legs parted wider, and I got my first close up view of her mound. She was bald, just like me...we both shared a penchant for a razor.

"Mmmmmm, that looks nice!" I said, repeating her phrase.

Dawn giggled and said, "See, we were meant to be together this weekend. No hair to get in your mouth. And I think it makes my clit look bigger. What do you think?"

I smiled up at her and said, "I don't know yet. But I'm about to find out."

Then I surprised her, by standing up and quickly sweeping her off her feet. She thought we were going inside, but I had other ideas. If she wanted the thrill of being outside like she was, I was going to take it one step further. I knelt down and placed her ass onto the edge of the porch, and leaned forward, kissing her as I moved her body onto her back.

"Neil, what are you doing?"

I smiled and raised my hand with the stop sign.

"My turn, lover. You got to have your fun with me outside and in the car where people might see us. I want mine."

I kissed my way down her body. Not as slowly as I wanted, because...well, we were out in the open. But I wanted to at least dip my tongue inside. I slid between Dawn's legs as I got on my knees on the sidewalk. Bending forward, I took in the soft glow of the dim yellowish porch light against her bronzed skin. 

No tan lines. I was so taken by Dawn flashing me over and over, that it had escaped me all three times. It wasn't until I saw her lower half that it hit me. She was peering into between her huge tits, wondering what I was waiting for. I smiled.

"I can see you do like to be outside naked."

"I wish. Tanning booth, baby."

"Well, you look fantastic in the moonlight. Or the porch light." 

I leaned forward, drawing in a huge breath as I filled my nostrils with her womanly scent. To say it was intoxicating would be trivializing the effect it had on me. I had never smelled anything so sweet and sensuous in my life. I prayed the taste would come close to what my frantic brain suddenly expected.

As I lowered my head, I knew I didn't want to spend too much time on the porch. Yet I wanted to spend the rest of eternity right where I was. I normally take my time, savoring the experience and making it just that for a woman, a long, drawn out experience. But I felt the mood was right to take a chance this time. I put my reputation as a cunnilingus aficionado aside, and placed the tip of my tongue between Dawn's asshole and her slit. 

She tensed up, and I knew then that I would be reaming that back hole later. But for the moment, I ever so slowly worked my tongue between the folds of her pussy. They parted, like my tongue was a hot knife and she had a mound made of butter. As my tongue finally made it to the center of her cunt, I just as slowly stuck it as deep as I could.

I was rewarded with a little release of that sweet nectar I had prayed would taste as good. It was better than I hoped. I smiled at the thought of how much more would be waiting for me later. I removed my tongue quickly, much to the dismay of Dawn, who was rolling on the porch. I looked up for just a moment to see her pulling at those amazing nipples.

I continued the slow, torturous path upward knowing what lovely roadblock was lying ahead. My nose had already bumped Dawn's lovely bud, making her jump. The closer my tongue snaked to its target, the more she pulled at her nipples. Mousy little squeaks were making their way into the night; signs of a vocal lover knowing she couldn't express how she really felt.

Finally, the slowest single lick in the history of lovemaking came to its eventful conclusion. My taste buds landed at the bottom of Dawn's now swollen, protruding clit, and I flicked it lightly. At least I thought it was light. Dawn started a launch sequence that would make NASA envious. I was awash in the fireworks that were going off in her head as she started to cum.

Not one to be bashful about the impression they want to leave, I clamped my mouth down over her appendage and sucked hard. Dawn went off, and about took me with her. I was amazed at how well she controlled her screams, because they only heard her in the next county, when she could have easily made three other ones aware she was cumming. I quickly moved up her body and stuck two fingers in her pussy, pumping into her as I clamped my mouth over hers. She screamed into my throat as I grabbed her hair to hold it still. 

Slowing my finger fucking, Dawn finally kissed me back, grabbing my head to let me know she was on her way back to re-entry from her orbit. And that only made me want to try an entry of my own.

I pulled out my fingers and brought them to my mouth. 

"You're delicious, babe. I don't think I've ever tasted anything so sweet."

"You are a wicked, wicked man, Neil" she said grinning.

"You have no idea." 

Dawn wanted to get up, but her knees were weak.

"Let me help you," I said, but my grin let her know something was up.

I quickly kissed her and slid my cock all the way into her velvet snatch. I could feel her eyes bug out as I rammed my tongue in her mouth. I put my hand under her back and pulled up. Dawn knew what to do, and wrapped her legs around my waist as I stood. 

"Where are your keys?" I asked, wanting to open the door to the house.

"Fuck! They're in my bag in the back of your car! I'll go get them."

She wanted to pull off and run over. I wasn't letting that happen.

"No. We'll go get them."

And I walked with Dawn stuck on my cock. I had my keys with me, having laid them on the porch when I finally got to her. I unlocked the car as I fucked her over to it, and she leaned backwards as I held on to her waist when she opened the door. Like acrobats, I lowered her inside, still impaled on my shaft. She reached back, got the bag and fished out the keys. She threw the bag on the seat and shut the door.

As I walked back to the door, I gave a couple of quick thrusts just to let Dawn know I was there. Her reaction was priceless, like she read my mind.

"God that feels good."

"You're tight," I said, thinking I was stating the obvious.

"I used to be."

"What do you mean you used to be?"

"I was until you stuck that big thing in me. I may never be the same."

I kissed her as I walked up the steps, almost slipping on the huge wet pool of her cum she left on the edge of the top step.

"I hope that doesn't dry up before Mark and Jill come home," I said laughing.

Dawn's mind was already beyond that encounter. She was looking way ahead.

"Let's go fuck!" she said enthusiastically.

"What do you think we're doing?"

"We're just getting started, lover; just getting started."

~*~*~*~*~*~

One of the things I had missed most after the divorce was companionship. That feeling of having someone and being close whenever you wanted to. I'm sure that sounds pretty obvious. But I'm not talking about the everyday 'having someone to talk with and to share with' type of companionship. That IS obvious. It's the little things about being with someone that you don't ever think you'll miss because you never really think of them at the time. Those are the ones that you end up missing the most.

For me, it was that feeling of waking up in the middle of the night holding, even clinging, onto someone you had just made love to for hours. That special embrace where you both fall asleep from exhaustion and satisfaction, only to wake up to find you're still coupled in the same position.

The sad truth was I had been missing that feeling long before the divorce, or even the initial split. It had been before the ex's first affair since I last had that special itch in my emotional psyche scratched. Way before. It was now close to four torturous, empty years without that happening. 

Waking up in the middle of the night in a strange bed is always confusing at first. When you wake up spooning with a sexy naked babe you just met hours before, and feel your hard cock nestled between her closed thighs, that confusion multiplies exponentially. 

The first reaction I had was normal for the circumstances. Having missed that closeness for so long, I had recently found myself waking up dreaming about it. The women in the dreams would always vary; from someone I knew, to someone famous. But they were always beautiful, always naked, and always I woke up to the reality of living in my own private nightmare. It was always just a dream: and I always woke up alone.

I stirred, and immediately cursed my fate once again for marrying a woman that did not take well to the institution of marriage. My all too familiar early morning anger quickly set in, asking the same tired questions about my ex. Why had I been so foolish to presume that just because she was hot, she wouldn't fuck around on me? What made me think I would end up with a different result than her first husband?

A funny thing happened as I came out of my normal 3AM fog; normal in that it was not unusual for me to wake up sometime between 2:30 and 4:30 in the morning, cursed by this increasingly persistent obsessive fantasy. I took a deep breath and moved my right hand, feeling something soft, and yet firm. It certainly wasn't my pillow.

Dawn's hand moved to mine, and she intertwined our fingers, helping me squeeze that delightful bosom I had spent the better part of a half hour getting to know up close and personal. She moved my hand upward from where I had been cupping her right breast in my sleep, forcing my thumb and forefinger together in an effort to get me to pinch her erect nipple.

"Mmmmmm. You're insatiable, Neil. God, your cock feels so hard again."

This definitely wasn't a dream. And it definitely wasn't the last person I woke up in this position with. My ex would never use a word like 'Insatiable'. She wouldn't know how to spell it, or how to find it in the dictionary, and she certainly wouldn't have known what it meant. All of those facts made my cock pulse a little, and that made Dawn coo even more.

As I rolled Dawn's nipple, pinching HER to make sure it wasn't a dream, my mind raced. I was playing back those erotic moments that led us to the moment we were sharing; to my finding the long lost sensual companionship I had feared might never return. 

~*~*~*~*~*~

When I brought Dawn into the house after our exhilarating fun on Mark's front porch, we went straight to the shower. I actually carried her on my cock the entire way and we stayed connected at our groins until we were under the soothing warm spray of the pulsating showerhead.

Most of the times I had been with a woman in the shower, the last thing we did was actually shower. And since we were technically fucking when we climbed in, it would stand to reason that this time would be no different, but it was. I held us together under the warm water, letting it rain over our sticky, sweaty bodies; not soiled from sex, but rather from the softball games. We needed to get the dirt and grime off of us. When you play as hard as Dawn did, and I do, you don't mind getting filthy for the game, but you also can't wait to get clean. 

I lifted Dawn off my shaft and gently stood her in the shower. I think she had that initial raw thought too, and waited for me to make another move. But that move was for the shampoo instead of some random sexual maneuver. I lathered her hair, massaging her scalp with my fingers. Once I rinsed her long silky tresses, I grabbed the bottle of body wash and proceeded to clean her thoroughly. It was more sensual than sexual, as I studied and learned more about her body and what buttons she found exciting. 

Dawn did the same for me, taking her sweet time. I could not remember ever having a more stimulating experience than when she washed my hair. The way her fingers ran through my blond locks made my spine tingle. As she ran her hands over every inch of my body, soaping and massaging at the same time, I realized I had a lot more erogenous zones of my own than I ever imagined.

Curiously, while we cleaned each other's most intimate areas, we didn't dwell there. We both seemed diligent about ensuring good hygiene, yet we were also very careful not to over stimulate each other. It wasn't something we talked about. It just happened that way. But the effect was illuminating. By avoiding touching the obvious areas one would tend to drift towards, it was actually more electrifying. 

Dawn would touch me, say, in the inside of my bicep, and I would become incredibly focused on her gentle touch that it actually turned me on more. I think I found that same reaction in her when I slowly stroked the small of her back as I washed her neck. Places we never would have considered as sexual were making us so horny, the water started to feel like needles on my sensitized skin.

We decided to dry ourselves off, so we wouldn't feel tempted to take each other on the bathroom floor. Even that was stimulating, as we watched each other as we toweled off. What amazed me more than anything was the restraint. I'd never wanted anyone as badly as I did Dawn at that moment. But part of her allure was in knowing that she wanted me just as much, and yet we both knew that the wait was only going to make what was to come that much better. 

I've been with women where we've been so lust driven, we'd pounce on each other, and there are times when that is exactly what the body needs. But more often than not, those experiences, when looked at through the gratification prism, become sexually hollow. They happen fast, and the high is short. The better reward always seems to lie in that long, slow dance that leads to multiple hours of multiple orgasms for both parties. 

We dropped our towels in the hamper, and Dawn took my hand. It's not easy to walk forward when your eyes aren't looking in that direction. So I was thankful that Dawn new the landscape so well, since we never took our eyes off each others. I swear, her eyes would change from gray to ice blue, back to gray again, as we passed through the shadows to her room.

Dawn lit several candles that were strategically placed throughout her bedroom. They gave off just enough light so that we could see each other, but the distance and the flickering would create a shifting glow that changed as the air currents from the ceiling fan danced around the room. It caused a marvelous effect of visual hide and seek. Dawn's nipple would appear, and then be masked in darkness, only to have the feminine curve of her left hip pop up like a mirage against the darker backdrop of the wall.

Of all the things that Dawn did as a preamble to what was we were about to share, the sexiest was just seeing her climb into bed. She had lit the candles closet to me first, and then went around to the other side of the room, leaving me to follow her with my gaze. She stood for just a moment and returned my stare, undoubted looking at how the candlelight enveloped me. 

Dawn slowly, almost seductively, turned down her bed. I couldn't believe just her doing that turned me on so much, but it did. She made it seem like such a personal overture. She crawled up on the bed, and curled up on her side facing me. Her legs were together with her feet pointed like a ballerina. It was so much sexier than just a woman jumping on the mattress and spreading herself. Dawn lifted her hand to me, inviting me to join her. Taking it, I felt like I was sharing a commitment with her to seize the moment, if not the day. 

We started a little slow, which was nice after the torrid pace we had set in the car, and after we arrived at the house. All of the foreplay we had shared in the shower and just getting into bed seemed to linger in our minds. We touched and played, teasing each other as our hands turned into a lengthy, loving necking session. It reminded me of early adolescent encounters in Junior High and High School, with the obvious exception of being naked.

Finally, I made a decision to move on our lovemaking. My brief oral encounter with Dawn's pussy was wonderful, for both of us, but she came more from the excitement than from my abilities. I was determined to show her that I could bring her much more pleasure than she ever thought possible.
