 Bright sunshine filled the bedroom; particles of dust floating about in the sunbeams that snuck through the cracks past the drawn curtains. It was much later than I would have normally gotten up, but that didn't bother me. Dawn and I had been pushing ourselves, cramming as much sexual adventure as we could into the short time we had together. We needed some rest just to have the energy to continue. 

What concerned me wasn't the lateness. No matter the time, it was still morning, and we didn't have a game until 3:00. That left us lots of time together. What caught me off guard was what woke me up. It wasn't the light that filled the room. It was the agonizing scream coming from the other end of the house. It was Mark, and he was yelling in pain.

Dawn sat straight up in bed, her big tits swaying back and forth, covered with the white flaky residue of my dried cum.

"What the fuck is that?" she said, listening to another scream.

"Shhh. Listen," I said, trying to strain my ears.

Just before the next outburst from Mark, we heard a loud slap. It was the unmistakable sound of an open hand hitting a fleshy part of a body.

"Sounds to me like Mark is getting spanked," I said with a smirk.

"You mean Anthony," Dawn said with a smile. 

"Thank God I got Amanda instead of Sophie," I said kissing Dawn on the forehead. 

I was hard, and Dawn felt for my cock to make sure. Having been in her ass twice the night before, and both of us being a mess, Dawn pulled at my dick.

"Let's take a shower and get cleaned up. I need fucked!"

We didn't go into the shower to fuck. We were too busy scrubbing ourselves thoroughly clean. Plus, we wanted to get back to bed. So we avoided any intimate contact, save a few innocent bumps and rubs, and some kissing. But that time together did give us a chance to talk about the night before.

"How long have you and Jill..." It wasn't an easy question to ask, but I had to know.

"I wondered how long it would take you to ask that question. Last night was the first time; and the last. I'm not that into girls. Jill seems to be though."

"Did you enjoy it?" 

"Well, I enjoyed her eating me. I wouldn't say I necessarily enjoyed eating her, but I didn't hate it. It's just not my thing."

"So why did you do it?"

"Well, for one, I wanted to confirm it wasn't my thing. I've been watching that movie for three months. We both have. And to say I wasn't intrigued would be a lie. So, I kind of wanted to know what that felt like, and make sure I wasn't missing anything."

"So, you won't ever do it again?"

"I never said that. But not with Jill."

"Why not Jill?" I asked.

"Because she's into it, and that would be dangerous. I don't need that; not with me living under the same roof. As for the future, I wouldn't be looking for it, but you never know. I never thought I'd do it with Jill, so I can't honestly say I'd never do it again."

"What's the other reason you did it?"

"She asked me."

"Oh. So it's just that easy to get you to do something sexual. Just ask."

"For you, lover, the answer will always be yes," she said laughing.

"Seriously, what's the other reason you did it?"

Dawn stood up from washing her lower legs, gazing into my eyes.

"Like I said, we'd each been watching that tape for months. I'm surprised the thing isn't worn out. But Jill and I never watched it together until a month ago. It was in the machine, and she thought it was a normal movie. I had forgotten to take it out, but she thought she was the one that forgot. She got all embarrassed and started to apologize.

Dawn moved to me, and started washing my back, soaping up my shoulders.

"I told her it was my fault, and I blushed. Anyway, we had a big laugh, and decided to watch it together. It was a girl thing. We started reciting the lines as they came up, and play acting what we knew was coming up next. We both knew the entire thing so well, we were comparing thoughts, and finishing each other's sentences."

"When did you come up with actually living it out?"

"Well, that was really Jill, at least to start with. We each had parts we liked better than others, and oddly, hers were always different than mine. I loved the facial scene, and of course, Amanda and Dean. She loved the beach scene. Like I said, I think she's probably Bi."

"And that concerns you?"

"Fuck no. I think it's cool. I just don't need a jealousy thing with Mark."

Dawn moved to my lower back, and started rubbing her hands on my ass.

"Anyway, Jill was totally obsessed with Sophie. I was okay with that. I thought it was cool how we could see the same movie, and both love it, but were drawn to totally different parts. That's what made it so special for both of us"

I turned my body, and my rigid cock slapping against Dawn's abdomen. She smiled as she soaped up her hand and re-washed my already clean cock.

"Jill made a comment one night when we were watching it. She said she wanted to be Sophie with Mark. Like I said, she was a little obsessed with it. It evolved from there. She wanted to find a way to get Mark to let her do it. I made a comment about how I'd like to be Amanda with some guy. How I always wanted to try anal, but needed a reason to do it that MADE me do it. I knew I'd chicken out if it was just me."

"I'm glad you didn't," I said a said as I kissed her forehead.

"Me too, lover," she said as she squeezed my slippery prick, "This thing felt amazing in my ass." 

Being soaped up, and talking about her ass, I couldn't resist her temptation any longer. I spun Dawn around and she threw her hands onto the shower wall as she spread her legs. I put the tip against her back door, and she squealed in delight as I pushed the head past her tight anal ring. 

"Fuck my ass, Neil. I want to finish my story while you fuck me like Amanda!"

I leaned in as Dawn pushed her body back. It was much easier to fuck her ass now. She'd gotten used to the size, and the pain seemed minimal, if there was any at all. 

"God...I'm such a slut!" she said as I started humping her.

"No you're not. You're just a great lover. And I love that about you!"

Dawn knew I was defending her honor. I couldn't very well call her a slut, if that's how I had come to categorize my ex. She sighed as I caressed her breasts, while I slowly pumped my cock deep into her ass. Collecting her thoughts, Dawn tried to finish her story. 

"So, one day, Jill comes home with a bunch of bags. Mark's gone, and she goes into her room, and comes out dressed as Sophie. I was holding a beer, and I almost did a spit take. I asked her what she was doing, and she said she wasn't going to chicken out...and she threw me the blond wig at me and said, 'neither are you, Amanda'."

Hearing Amanda's name made me lurch forward. I pumped into Dawn's ass harder, making her cry out just a little. But it was a cry of pleasure. "Oh, fuck. That feels so fucking good, Neil. I can't believe I love getting my ass fucked. I waited way too long to try this!"

"So did I, Dawn. And I'm a lot older than you are."

The age difference popped into my head again. It was the one and only true hang up I had with her. Over the short, sex crazed weekend, it was never going to be a problem. But I was smart enough to know that once the initial sexual intensity started to fade a bit, like it does in every relationship, we'd need more to fall back on besides softball. And we both knew that wasn't there. 

That knowledge was allowing us to have the incredible fun we were having, and helped us heal each other along the way. 

"Jill came up with this idea that we could act out the movie, using Mark. She thought it would be a great way for us to live out the fantasies we both had. The problem was, I didn't want to fuck Mark. And I wasn't sure about the lesbian thing. She worked on me the next couple of weeks, trying to convince me to do it. I was interested in a way, but I couldn't get past the Mark thing; it bothered me."

"So how DID you get past that?"

"Well, at first, I was able to get her to see that because the movie starting out with Sophie, it was going to be hard to get Mark to do it. She saw my logic; that part of the play acting would need to come later, and that threw her plan out the window. I thought that would make the whole thing go away. But she came home with the bikinis next."

"So she tricked you?"

"In a way, I suppose. I didn't fight it anymore. I warmed up to the idea of Mark being involved, but I told her I didn't want him to be the guy who fucked my ass the first time. I wanted that to be someone special. It needed to be someone that I would have a great memory of every time I might do it afterwards."

"Wow, I'm honored!" I said as I plowed deeper into her ass, making my point, "I know I'll think of you too, lover."

"When went into the bathroom at the restaurant last night, I was the one that brought it up. I told her if she ever wanted it to happen, it needed to be now, because I wanted you to be the one to take my ass. She got all excited, and that's when we came up with the plan to drive home together. That allowed us time to talk about the specifics of what we were going to do."

"So why the no fucking rule when we swapped? Not that I mind. I really didn't want to. But was it because you didn't want to fuck Mark?"

"Partly...I'm sure it would cause problems, no matter what Mark said. But the truth is I didn't want you to fuck Jill. You're mine this weekend, and I didn't want to share you. I know that sounds selfish..."

I pulled out and turned Dawn around, kissing her wildly.

"I'm so glad. It means the world to me that you're possessive of me right now. It makes me feel so wanted."

"That's because you are, lover." Dawn knew we were done in the shower. She grabbed the soap and washed my cock one more time, cleaning me thoroughly.

"I want you too, Dawn," I said, kissing her once more.

We got out of the shower and quickly dried off. Dawn took my hand and pulled me to her bed, but she stopped at the closet first. Pulling out a new fitted sheet, she changed the bed bottom.

"Fresh lovers deserve fresh sheets, don't you think?" she said as she started to put it the new one on.

I grabbed the other side to help, which made her smile.

"A man who helps make the bed. You're making me wet."

"Man, I hope that really isn't the reason. I make my own bed at home. I hate to think it has that effect on my Mom." 

Dawn giggled as she ran around the bed to slug me in the arm. Then she tackled me onto her mattress, landing on top of me. We were sideways on the bed, my feet still on the floor. She kissed me, rubbing her nipples all over my chest as she dug her tongue into my throat. Reaching between my body and hers, she grabbed my shaft to confirm it was still hard. I'd been hard all weekend, so I couldn't see why she would think it would be any different then. Moving her body back, she lined up my cock with her pussy and slowly sank herself onto my shaft.

"God, Neil, it feels like forever since you've been in my pussy. I feel so fucking full!"

"You're tight, lover. Are you sure I'm not still in your ass?" I said with a smile.

She giggled. "I've never heard anything that sounded so naughty and sweet at the same time. Now lie still. You've been doing most of the work this weekend. It's time for me to give you a ride."

Dawn put her hands on my chest, digging her nails slightly into my pecs. Moving her rump, she started off trying to find a pace that suited her, and settled in on one that I'd describe as mid range. I knew she could go faster, but at least she wasn't teasing in her strokes. Staring up into those amazing eyes, the colors would change as the light struck her irises, and I became lost in them.

My cock felt alive, the thick veins pulsing blood toward the thicker purplish head. Dawn was pulling up to the very edge of the mushroom cap, and then dropping down, meshing her groin with mine. We were slick with our combined juices, and I could see the milky white froth churning as we mixed them together and heated them up with our friction.

Leaning forward, Dawn changed her body angle, and dragged her swollen nipples across my chest. Her elbows were by my head, and I pulled up to suck on the nape of her neck. 

"You know just where I love to be licked, lover!" she said as she turned her face to give me better access. 

I brushed her long brunette hair from my target, flicking my tongue over her soft skin.

"I know baby, but my tongue can't reach your pussy from here."

She laughed. "Yes it can. With your wonderful cock in me, every time you lick me there it feels like it's on my clit."

"There's a talent I didn't know I had."

"You've got lots of them, lover. Every time we do this, you find something knew that drives me wild."

I reached behind her, pulling at her ass, stretching her cheeks wide to expose her hole.

"Like that. Fuck that feels good!" she said.

I reached up with my right hand and placed it against her lips. Her dark eyes went steely blue as she sucked in my three fingers, taking them like a cock in her mouth. She bobbed her head over them as I held them still, making her do the work. I was still molding her butt cheek with my other hand, and those eyes told me she knew what I was going to do, and she wanted it.

I moved my hand back to Dawn's ass, and I felt her body quiver just a little in anticipation. Sucking in her breath as I placed my middle digit against her ass; Dawn nodded her head ever so slightly, telling me she wanted me to do it. 

I slid my finger in to the second knuckle, and started twisting it to give her a different sensation. Dawn squirmed a little, and humped me more emphatically. It was the same rhythm, but she was much more forceful on the down stroke when she dropped her body onto my pelvis. Shoving my finger in farther, I started moving it in and out of Dawn's ass in time with her humping on me.

The second finger caused Dawn to pause in mid stroke.

"Shit! That feels so hot, Neil! I love how you know what to do to me!"

It wasn't hard. Anything I did seemed to work with Dawn. I'm sure that's oversimplifying it, but she made me feel like I could do no wrong. As lover's go, she was a pretty agreeable sort.

The third finger was deceptive. I'd put the three fingers together as she pulled up, and held my wrist firm, locking it so that when she fell down onto my prick, she impaled herself on the three digits instead of two. Dawn froze, and she started to cum. It wasn't earth shaking, but it was the start. More of a tremor, but it told of things to come. The shock of just that third finger rammed all the way into her tight ass, made her unable to move for a moment. So I took a little of the control back and moved my hips down just a tad, while pulling my hand out slightly from her back door. Shoving my hips and hand in unison, I lifted her off her knees. Not far, but enough to get her attention. 

I wiggled my fingers in her ass, and was able to feel my cock through the thin membrane that separated her holes. Dawn felt it too, and she began cumming uncontrollably. She fell down onto my chest, breathing hard as I tried to fuck her. But she was still immobile, bound by the ties of her orgasm. So much for her doing all the work!

I leaned up and wrapped my arms around her. Dawn grabbed my neck, and held on as I stood up with her still skewered on my prick. I turned, holding her tight with my right arm. With my left, I grabbed a couple of pillows and stacked them at the edge of the bed. I placed her on her back with her ass propped by the pillows to give me access. I wouldn't have to bend my knees. Standing next to the bed, I had her in a position that would give me maximum leverage.

Moving my arms back, I hooked my elbows under Dawn's knees, bringing her legs up. I bent her over, holding her thighs close together as her ankles rested on my right shoulder. I leaned forward, pressing harder against her thighs, trying to go deeper than I had ever gone in her tight, sweet pussy. 

We worked together like that for a little while. Well, I worked, and Dawn took it, so we worked 'together' in a fairly loose sense of the word. Dawn was cumming again, and I was starting to get closer. I stood upright again, after doing my best to fold her over in half. I wouldn't say she was happy that I changed position and tempo, but she didn't argue either, as she knew something good was likely to come from it. Since folding her in half was so successful, my next thought was to split her in half. 

I took Dawn by the ankles and pushed her legs down toward the edge of the bed, holding her knees locked straight by the angle I held them. Dawn naturally tried to let them come out past my body in a more natural position, but I held them even with the edge of the bed. But once I got her legs level with her ass, I slowly eased them back toward the bed further. My hands slid up her legs, moving from her ankles inward toward her knees, making sure to stay on her calves so she couldn't bend them.

Each time I time I rammed into her soaked snatch, I pushed her legs toward her. It wasn't long before Dawn was held in a total split position, her body forming an upside down 'T" from where I was standing. The way her pussy was molded around my shaft created a totally new sensation in my groin. I loved it, and Dawn went nuts.

"Holy fucking shit! Fuck me, Neil. FUCK ME!"

I did. And it didn't last long. Every drive into her hole was tighter and harder to get into. She was squeezing her vagina walls, gripping at my cock. I wasn't sure if it was deliberate on her part, or an involuntary byproduct of how I'd manipulated her body. But it worked.

I announced my pending orgasm, and Dawn was pretty specific about what she wanted.

"Cum in my pussy, lover! Cum in my PUSSY!"

I leaned forward one last time, holding my cock as deep as I could as my balls spewed their contents up my shaft and into her waiting womb. My hands slipped down, and I caught her knees again with my elbows. Dawn was able to bend them now, but she was trying not to. She was cumming with me, and she was pointing her toes as she released her own. 

"I can't believe you just did that to me!" Dawn said as I pulled out and fell to my knees in exhaustion.

"Me either," came the call from the bleacher section that was the doorway.

Jill was standing there, just as she had the night before, still dressed as Sophie. But she was a little more disheveled after what had to be a wild night.

"Thanks for leaving the door open, guys. I loved the show. Anyone for some brunch? I'm cooking."

"Sure," Dawn said, looking over her shoulder.

"That would be great. Of course, that's if I'm not too full," I said. 

"Not too full? What are you talking about?" Jill asked, wondering how that made any sense at all.

I yanked the pillows from under Dawn's hips, making her body drop to my face. Grabbing Dawn at her upper thighs, I pulled her to the very edge of the bed and pushed her legs high and wide. I winked at Jill as I leaned forward, and began to eat my load from Dawn's sexy little pussy.

"Well fuck me!" Jill said as she watched in amazement. 

Dawn looked over her shoulder and said, "Isn't he just he best fucking man you've ever seen in your life! Oh FUCK...I'm CUMMING SOPHIE!"

Just the thought of what I was doing made Dawn explode. Not only did I get a mouthful of her sweet juice, I got globs of my own spunk to swallow. I held a large mixture toward the end of that brief epilog of our morning fuck, and moved up to kiss her. Dawn knew it was coming.

"Oh, lover...you brought me a present!"

We shared a cum-filled kiss before I helped her up. She walked over to her closet and pulled a couple of robes. Handing me one, she got on her toes and kissed me again.

"Neil, you never stop amazing me. Just when I think you've done everything sexy I can think of, you do something else. I still can't believe you just did that."
