 With Ann on her way home, it was time for me to get ready for my 'big date' with...Ann. I really didn't have any plans, per se, but I had some vague ideas of what might be fun. As I mulled them over, I went about cleaning up the evidence. First and foremost, I had to put the camera back in my parents' closet. Placing it back in the box, I carefully put it back in its original location, making sure it was facing the same direction. I also had to remember to get some more film. As I walked out, I stopped cold. 

I ran back into the closet and got the camera back out. As long as I had to buy more film, maybe I'd be fortunate enough to get a couple more shots of Ann. After all, she said she'd be willing to do it again sometime. She even made a special point to say she'd do it with me. So...why not now? It was a long shot, but I had nothing to lose. I took the camera back out of the carton, put the box back in the closet like it had never been touched, and headed to the bathroom to take another shower and get ready.

I was still hard from just being around Ann, and our unsaid decision not to fool around any more at the house. My first thoughts were to take a cold shower, but I needed to shave my crotch, and it's always a lot easier when I'm at least semi-hard. So, it was another hot, steamy shower, fogging up the bathroom. It wasn't making me any less horny, but that wasn't an option anymore. Just thinking about Ann usually had me hard anyway, so a cold shower wasn't going to solve that problem, and I wasn't going to waste a load because of a lack of willpower. Besides, being sexually on edge wasn't a bad thing...not around Ann.

Toweling off for the second time in a couple of hours, I thought about all the pictures I'd taken so far with Ann, and a contented smile came to my face. I was thinking in particular of a shot I'd taken with Ann stuffing my hard cock in her mouth, her full lips pulling at it like she was cleaning it after I'd pumped her mouth full of cum. It was a staged picture, but it looked real.

I'd always been a bit of a pornography fan. The X-rated videos I'd watched with Dawn, Mark and Jill weren't a first. From the time I'd found my older brothers stash of Playboy's when I was 13, I was hooked. When he moved on to Penthouse, I'd thought I had died and gone to heaven. So visions of naked bodies were always a turn on. But that photo of Ann was taking me to a whole new level. That was someone I knew, and that was MY cock in her mouth. 

My cock was throbbing again, the thick veins feeding it life pulsing in time with my racing heartbeat. Looking down at it, I marveled at how big it looked, fresh shaved and turning a darker shade of purple by the second. I looked at myself in the mirror, and smiled at my own physique. Granted, it was a conceited moment, but my mind wasn't on how good I looked to me. It was on how good of a picture that would make to give to Ann. Unfortunately, I was out of film. I knew I was going to have to stop before picking her up. 

~*~*~*~*~*~

Since I'd already done the more formal thing when we went dancing at the Starlight club, and I had dressed ultra casual a couple of times, I kind of went in between. I wore a short sleeve button down shirt that had a nice blue floral pattern. It wasn't Hawaiian, but it was between casual and dressy. I also put on some white cargo shorts, and decided on my sandals again. I debated, and decided to go with Matt's suggestion about how to feel sexy. So, I went without underwear. I loved the way I swung free in those shorts more than any other pair I had. And if there was ever a night I wanted to feel my sexiest, this was it.

I neatly stacked the photos we'd taken already and put them in one of the side pockets of my shorts, and I grabbed the camera. I wanted Ann to be able to choose which pictures she wanted, if any. Walking down the hallway, I went into the living room and made the hide-a-bed, putting it away and making the living room look like a living room again. I knew I'd be sleeping there again that night, but I didn't want my Mom coming home to a disorderly house. 

It was getting close to the time for me to go pick up Ann. Checking the house one last time to make sure I had everything orderly, and I'd left no incriminating evidence behind, I was out the door and in my car, putting both of the cameras under my seat. I made a quick stop at the drug store and picked up a dozen packs of film for the Polaroid. Some for us to have fun, and the rest to replace the packs we'd already used. I'm not sure why, since the folks hadn't used the camera in ages, but it felt like the thing to do.

The drive from the store to Ann's was short. Five blocks in a small town doesn't amount to much in terms of distance. But for some reason getting back onto the main drag through town seemed to take forever. For whatever reason the traffic was thick, which almost never happens. My impatience was getting to me, and I had to take a couple of deep breaths to calm down. The last thing I wanted was to be in an agitated mood when I got to the Franklin's. 

Finally finding a gap, I was able to get onto the road and zip into Ann's neighborhood. I drove around the block, past Matt's house, which was really the long way...if an extra tenth of a mile can be considered 'long'. I pulled into the driveway, and was met by Marlin, Ann's father. He was sitting on a lawn chair, busy cleaning some fish he had obviously caught earlier in the day.

"Hello young man! How are you this fine Saturday afternoon?"

"Hi Mr. Franklin. I'm great. How about you?" I said as I got out of my car and walked toward him.

"Neil, I told you before, please call me Marlin."

"I'm sorry...it's a little hard for me. I'm not used to doing that."

"No need to apologize. I just want you to feel at home here."

"Thanks Marlin. So, how was the fishing?"

"Very good. I had a great day on the lake today."

"Really? How many?" I said, sticking out my hand to shake his.

He waved me off. "My hands are a little messy, but I appreciate the gesture. I caught 24 bluegill and 3 bass. Best day in a couple of months!"

"Wow, that IS a good day."

"Do you fish, Neil?" he asked, looking up from the bloody fish he'd been filleting.

"Occasionally," I said, thinking the he didn't remember me telling him that in the basement when we'd first met. "But I don't think I'm the serious outdoorsman you are."

"You don't have to be. I just wondered if you fished."

"Sure," I said, shrugging my shoulders.

Marlin smiled and said, "Good. Maybe you'd like to go out with me sometime. I bet we'd have a lot of fun."

"That would be great," I said, wondering if it really would. It seemed like one of those comments that you say to be polite. Then I looked at him, and I could tell right away that he had been serious, and it gave me a wonderful feeling inside. 

We did get along great, and on the surface it would normally have been something I'd jump at. But I couldn't shake the feeling of angst that would come with it. The longing I'd have for Ann and the emptiness I'd feel inside would certainly overshadow any fun that I would likely have on a fishing expedition with Marlin. Being with him would only remind me that I wasn't with her, and at the moment, I found it hard to see that there would be any 'fun' in that.

Marlin seemed to understand my sudden silence. He kept working, never looking up. But the language his body portrayed to me as I stared at the ground near his feet spoke for him for a time. Waiting for the perfect pause, he said, "You know, Neil, Jean and I were talking. If you want, you can come with us tomorrow to take Ann to the airport. We'd love to have you ride along."

It was a heartwarming gesture. But I knew I couldn't, and I think he did too. "Thanks, Marlin. But I'm going to have a tough enough time saying goodbye to her tonight, and I really hate airport good-byes. I think it would be even more awkward for me in front of you and Jean...no offense."

"Don't be silly. We just thought as close as you two have gotten, we should at least offer."

"I appreciate it, Marlin. I really do. But I'm not sure my heart can take saying goodbye twice. And like I said, I'm really bad at the airport. Not to mention you having to deal with me being silent all the way home from Fort Wayne."

He laughed and said, "It would be worse. She's flying out of Indianapolis."

"Well, that just made the decision even easier," I said with a smile.

"Go on in. Ann's still getting ready for you. Jean's inside," he said, nodding for me to go through the garage.

"Okay," I said as I walked in past Jean's car to the back door, feeling like family. Guests go through the front door, but Marlin never hesitated in telling me to go in the way a boyfriend would enter their house. I almost skipped on the way.

As I walked into the house, Jean was standing at the kitchen sink with her back to me. I knew it was her, but I played on her vanity.

"Wow, you look fantastic babe," I said as I stood behind her.

Jean turned her head around and said, "What are you talking about, Neil?"

"Oh, I'm sorry Jean. I thought you were Ann. You look the same from behind," I said as I smiled and stared at her ass.

Jean blushed and dried her hands. Turning around, she practically ran over to me and gave me a big hug. "Neil, you are such a Godsend to an old woman's ego!"

"Really? Wow, okay...so, where's this old woman you're talking about so I can really make her feel good about herself?"

Jean hugged me tighter, and laughed. "My goodness, do you ever stop being adorable?"

"I tried it once, but it didn't really take."

"See...that's what I mean. I could really get used to having those kinds of compliments more often. You really are cute to flirt with an old girl like me. And it seems to come so easy for you....how?"

"It's just me, I guess. I've resigned myself to being a hopeful romantic. Besides, flirting keeps you young."

"Well I'm sold!" she said as she took me by the hand and led me into her living room.

"Good. So, are you glad you didn't go to the wedding?" I asked.

"Based on how Ann came home, I think I should be asking you that question. Tell me, Mr. Thomas...were you good to my daughter while she was in your company?" she said, trying to tease me. 

"I'm not sure what you mean," I responded, trying to draw out some more information and get a feel of just how I should answer, "How did she come home?"

"She wasn't wearing any clothes under her raincoat, Neil. How do you explain that?"

"I can't. I'm still trying to figure out how a girl from California that's only here for a week got her hands on a raincoat in the first place."

Jean blushed, and that made me laugh. She finally pulled herself together and said, "Seriously, were you good to my daughter?"

"Did she come home with a smile," I asked.

"From ear to ear," Jean said, grinning like I'm sure Ann had when she'd gotten home.

"Then that's really all I need to say, isn't it?"

Jean blushed again, and she asked a follow up question I couldn't believe she had the nerve to ask. Actually, I was surprised by the entire conversation, but maybe I shouldn't have been after the way Ann had talked to my parents and their friends at the cookout. Maybe that's just the way Ann and I affected each other and those around us. Jean asked, "Was my daughter...good to you, too?"

My answer was my smile, which went from ear to ear.

We sat down after that and had a nice, somewhat normal conversation while I waited on Ann. I couldn't help but notice how much more relaxed I was from the first time...the only time I'd sat with Jean on that couch. She seemed relaxed too, put at ease by my playfulness. She was being playful too, feeling high about herself. I had the quick flash go through my brain that Jean couldn't wait for Ann to come out so we could leave, and she could get her hands on Marlin. I had this inkling that he was going to be getting lucky before the night was over. Or perhaps I was just so oversexed that I was seeing the possibility of potential fucking everywhere I looked, even when I wasn't involved.

And that next possibility walked out of the back hallway and into the living room like a goddess. Ann was absolutely stunning. She was wearing a one-piece shorts jumpsuit, and the legs of the shorts showed most of her legs, only coming down an inch or two below her crotch line. It was a soft yellow, and had a black zipper that ran from her pubic bone all the way to the top. Ann had the closure pulled up modestly, well past her breasts, but that didn't keep her nipples from making themselves evident through the thin material. The color was perfect against her tan skin and brown eyes. 

In her hands were two pair of shoes; a pair of low sandals, and a pair of 4-inch heels, both of them black. "Which do you think? I don't know where we're going, so I'm not sure."

She threw her long curls back off her shoulders, and flashed a broad smile as she held up one pair, then the other as she spun around to let me see her entire body. As I watched her perfect ass twirl by, my mind was spinning with it; the image of the outfit combining with the alluring scent of her distinctive perfume making me dizzy with lust. She could have gone barefoot, and no one would have noticed. 

"I'm not sure where we're going either. Why don't you bring both, just in case?"

"I love a man that thinks practical," Ann said as she walked over to me.

I got up off my ass and stood as Ann walked right into my arms. Jean looked on, and couldn't help herself. "You two look perfect together."

"Mom!" Ann said, half scolding, half pleased her mother had said it.

"Sorry, dear. But it's true. You're a very attractive couple," Jean said. And then she teased Ann, saying, "Although you could put a little more on,"

"I have more on than when I came home."

I winked at Jean as I gave Ann a quick kiss on the cheek. "She looks just fine to me."

"You're not looking at her like a mother," Jean said.

"I would hope not. Otherwise, Ann might never make you a grandmother. Did you ever think of that?"

Ann slugged me on the shoulder and said, "Great going...now she's going to start in with the 'why haven't you settled down' questions."

"I haven't said one word about that since you've been home, Ann," Jean said, getting a little defensive.

I tried to play mediator, and said, "Ann, I'm sure your mother wasn't trying to pick a fight, today of all days. And Jean, it shouldn't matter to you what Ann wears as long as she's covered. I bet Marlin would love to see you in an outfit like this. He wouldn't rush off so quickly to go fishing if he could sink his hook into you in that outfit."

Jean blushed, but Ann saw an opening and said, "I have one in navy blue in my suitcase. Your still close to my size...I'm sure it will fit. You're welcome to try it. But you have to wear some heels to really set off your legs." Jean turned a deeper shade of crimson and let out a little giggle. Ann persisted, "Go on. I bet Neil's right. Go see if you can get his mind off of fish for once."

"It'll be on hunting," I said with a nod towards Jean, who burst out laughing.

"I know what he'd be hunting too...I'm just not going to say it."

"Who cares, Mom! The fact that he still hunts is all that matters. I remember hearing you two banging into the wall all the time when I was growing up! You did it a lot! Hell, you did it last night!"

Jean was beyond embarrassed now. She was flushed, and started to sweat. She stuttered a little bit, before saying she needed to do something in the kitchen. She started to walk away, but Ann caught her arm and smiled at her.

"Mom, it's okay. There's nothing to be embarrassed about."

"Women my age don't talk about...you know."

"It's called sex, Mom," Ann said smiling, "and that's the problem; you never talked to me about it. Maybe we would have been closer if you would have talked to me about these kinds of things. That's why I always thought it was so hypocritical for you to be preaching to me the virtues of being a 'good girl', when you were getting your head banged into my wall five nights a week. And what about Alan? He may be too stupid to figure out the math, or maybe he just doesn't what to admit the truth...but I figured out when I was thirteen that his birthday was 4 months too soon to believe you conceived him on your wedding night like you've always told us. That's why I had such a hard time with your line of crap about saving myself until I got married."

Jean she started to cry a little. Ann put her arms around her mother and held her, patting her on the back and telling her everything was okay. It was a striking role reversal from what I had heard Ann talk about. Jean finally got herself together and pulled back from Ann a little, looking at her daughter in a new light.

"You're right honey. We fooled around in the back of your Grandfather's car, and we got pregnant. But I did love your father and he loved me. We were going to get married anyway. And we only did it that one time...which is why I was trying to protect you. It only takes one time to get pregnant."

"I'm not trying to make you feel guilty, Mom. I'm just telling you that if you would have been honest with me, maybe we wouldn't have gone through all that crap. And if it wasn't for Neil talking to you the other night, we might still be going through it."

"So, where does that leave us?" Jean said, wanting some closure before we left. She knew she wouldn't be able to talk about it the next day on the way to the airport, so this was the last time she and Ann would be alone. Well, except for me standing there. But I was like a fly on the wall at that point.

"Just don't pretend to be something you're not. Starting with thinking you need to be all 'Miss Goody Two shoes' around me. I know better."

Jean turned red again, and said, "Okay."

"Why are you blushing?" Ann said, asking the question that was on the tip of my tongue, but was afraid to ask, because it wasn't my conversation anymore.

"Well, the cat's kind of out of the bag now. So, yes, your father and I have had a very active...sex life. And it's been very hard this week with you home, because he's only made love to me once since you got back. And it's a good thing he didn't know you came home when you did, or he would have stopped."

"Make love? Don't you mean fuck?" Ann said, startling even me.

"ANN!" Jean said in protest.

"I told you, we need to be honest here, Mom. And I don't think what I heard growing up, or what I heard last night, could ever be mistaken for 'making love'. I'm 28 years old...I've been chased around the bed a time or two in my life. And from what I can tell, Dad seems to only likes to do it one way, and it's not making love."

Jean crossed her arms across her chest, and gave Ann a defiant stare; a smirk crossing her ageless face. "Did it ever occur to you, young lady, that maybe it isn't your father that's the one that likes it only one way?"

"Whoa!" I said softly, but loud enough that it announced again that I was there in the room.

Ann's jaw dropped, but I busted out in hysterical laughter. Jean followed that dropped bomb by saying, "Not that your Dad doesn't like to pound away too, but if I was ever going to get what I needed out of sex, then I needed, in your words, 'fucked'. Are you happy now?" 

Ann's hand was over her open mouth, the look of shock still on her face. She wasn't able to speak, so I took a chance and re-entered the discussion.

"The question really is, are you happy, Jean?" I said.

"You mean sexually?" she asked, never thinking it was inappropriate to ask.

"Yes," I said, nervous that I was prying.

"Well, normally, yes. But I just got done saying that we haven't been together like normal since Ann came home. It's only been one time this week." "So, I'm home. That never stopped you from doing it before."
