 Ann was sifting through the photos I'd just taken of our intense sexual encounter in the parking garage, watching them develop. I was winding the car down the ramps to street level, on our way to find a place to eat. 

I was paying the attendant when Ann said, "Holy shit! These are really hot!"

I don't think she realized the guy was listening, but I loved it that when she looked up, she didn't care. She just kept looking at the pictures of her getting royally drilled by my fat cock. As we pulled away from the garage, Ann sank back in her seat and stared out the window. The pictures were still in her hand, and she was fiddling with them, even though she wasn't looking at them. 

"That might be the hottest thing I've ever done," Ann said out loud, although it seemed like she was saying it more to herself.

"Glad to help," I said as I turned the car to head north, toward the mall. There were lots of great restaurants in Fort Wayne, but there were a ton congregated around the large shopping center. I figured if we headed in that direction, we'd find a place that was agreeable to both of us. "So, if that wasn't it, what would have been hotter?"

"Take your pick. Pretty much anything I've done this week with you is the entire list. This has been the best vacation a lonely girl could have."

"Lonely. You don't strike me as the lovelorn type, Ann. I find it hard to believe a girl like you would ever be lonely."

Ann thought about her answer for a moment, staring out the window again. She seemed to be refecting on something that weighed her down.

"Well, when I dumped Ray after he screwed me over, I fucked around a little at first. I think it was to prove to myself that I didn't need him. Plus, I was horny. But after a while, it got old...and I wasn't ready for anything serious. So, I threw myself even deeper into work. Retail is so demanding, anyway. I worked about 60 hours a week when I had a boyfriend. After I left Ray, I'm probably up to 70. It's my store, so if anything's going wrong, I have to fix it."

"Don't you have good people working for you?"

"Yeah, but I guess I'm a bit of a perfectionist, so I tend to handle too much myself. I've never been that great at delegating. I told you before, I have a million dollar store, and that means a lot to me. I take my work seriously."

"So, you stopped dating?"

"Pretty much. Between work, and where I live, it's...been hard."

"What do you mean...where you live?"

"Well, it's not my house. And it's different from any other place I've ever lived."

"Is it about your roommates?"

"No. God no...Chad and Dana are great. But she had two young girls from her first marriage, and that's a lot of work for them. I kind of just stay in the background when I'm there. I spend a lot of time alone in my room. It seems like when I'm not working, I'm sleeping."

"So, you're not happy?"

"I don't know. I just know I'm tired. I keep telling myself I have to get a life. And for this week, I've had one...an incredible one. I'm not looking forward to going back to work, I can tell you that. But I know I have to. I have a lot of people counting on me."

"Yeah, but can you count on you?"

"What do you mean?" she asked. 

"Well, it just seems to me that if you're putting so much energy into making sure everyone else has a life, it wouldn't be too much to ask that you make sure you have one yourself," I said as I glanced over at her.

Ann sighed, and said, "I suppose. Sometimes I feel trapped. I'm in this job, and I have to work a lot anyway, because it's so expensive to live in California. I can't afford to live on my own...I've always had roommates. It can all be so overwhelming. I'd love to have a life...well, I have a life. Just not a very exciting one. I'd love to be able to live a little and enjoy myself more. That's why this week has been so special."

"So, why don't you enjoy yourself more?"

"That's a good question. I guess right now, besides the job, it's my living arrangement. I'm not comfortable bringing guys home to Dana's with her girls there. And I'm not going to a guys place. That's just too dangerous. Until I can find a place with some girls that are single, I'm kind of stuck."

"Yeah. You know, I have the same problem. I can't bring a girl home because my roommates have a kid, too. Oh...wait...I'm their kid."

Ann laughed, and I had to chuckle a little myself. Our plights were making us both lonely, and having each other to hold onto for the week had taken us far away from those circumstances. It was a nice respite from the doldrums of our normal everyday existence.

~*~*~*~*~*~

We were nearing the area around the mall, and I was hungry. But I was also trying to be a good boyfriend. I could think of a dozen places off the top of my head where we could go, with all different kinds of cuisine options. Yet, I didn't know what Ann might like. So I asked her if she had any preference.

"You know, I don't need anything fancy tonight. Do they have some kind of burger joint nearby?"

I knew just the place. There was a Cheddar's restaurant literally right next to the mall, and they had incredible burgers. We pulled into their parking lot a couple of minutes later, and went in to get in line. The girl at the podium told us we would have about a ninety minute wait, which wasn't all that unusual for a Saturday night at the dinner rush hour in Fort Wayne. Any place that was good enough to want to eat would have at least an hour wait, so leaving and finding another place was never a good option. The best bet is always to go with your first choice, and stick it out. 

I asked the girl if we could put in our name and leave, and come back in a little over an hour, so we wouldn't have to just stand there. She happily said yes, knowing that two less people in a crowded front lobby would at least make it a little less congested. So, I gave her my name, asked for non-smoking, and we headed back out.

"So, what are we going to do for the next ninety minutes? I'm not really interested in going to the mall. I spend my entire life in a mall," Ann said, trying to steer me away from the obvious choice to kill time.

"I thought we'd play a little golf," I said, pointing across the street.

Diagonally across the street from the restaurant, there was a Putt-Putt Golf and Games. I'd been there a hundred times with friends. Being that it was turning into another beautiful evening, it was a perfect way to have some fun and still be near the restaurant. We got into the car, and we waited at the light for it to turn green. 

Ann looked over at me and asked, "Do you think I should put my other shoes on?"

"That's up to you. Are you going to try to do well at the game, or are you going to try to turn me and every other guy that will be there on."

Ann grinned and crossed her legs, bouncing her sexily encased foot in front of me. I knew where her mind was, and I felt myself getting a little hard again. I loved it that Ann wanted to continue to toy with me, and try to drive me wild. She was as competitive as I was, but she shelved any idea of trying to 'win' at a silly golf game, and put her efforts towards winning an entirely different game. Of course, my opinion was if she won at that other game of flirting, we were both really going to win.

Getting out of the car, I grabbed the regular camera.

"Not taking the instant one?" Ann said with a naughty grin. 

"Do you want me to?" 

"I think you might want ME to," she said as she played with her zipper again.

Never one to argue with a woman that's right, I grabbed both cameras and we headed off.

Ann picked a yellow golf ball, telling me she needed to match her outfit. I grabbed a blue one, telling her that I had to match my other balls, which were already turning that color thinking about her. She giggled, and we started. With all the stuff we were carrying, I never bothered to pick up a scorecard or one of those little pencils. 

We were having a great time, just goofing around and trying to make each other laugh. That wasn't hard, since we were both in a silly mood, and everything we said or did was making each other crack up. There were three little golf courses at that particular Putt-Putt, and while the place was swamped, I chose the one that provided the opportunity for some seclusion from time to time.

Using the normal camera, I took several shots of Ann, and she of me. She was toying with me, her zipper down past her breasts to expose a lot of flesh. I was naturally attracted to her tan lines, which I found incredibly sexy. When Ann would bend over to putt, I'd take a shot of her wonderful ass sticking out, or her chest pushing into the thin fabric of the jumpsuit, making her nipples even harder.

When we got to a place where we were alone for a couple of moments, Ann grabbed me by the arm to get my attention. Pulling me to her, she kissed me deeply and said, "Quick, take a couple while we have the chance!" 

She yanked her zipper all the way down and pulled the opening wide, pulling her tits out so that the zipper was on the outside of each of them. Bending over to putt, she took a sexy stance and made sure her pert breasts were in view between her arms. I got low and quickly snapped two pictures and put them in my pocket to develop. 

Ann stood up and looked around, and pulled a nipple to her mouth. I was only able to get one picture of that, but I was pretty sure that was a photo just for me anyway. Putting her breasts away, I pouted a little as she zipped up her dress.

"Don't worry baby, I'll let you play with them later if you're a good boy," Ann said as she patted my cheek.

~*~*~*~*~*~

Our adventures at the Putt-Putt were over, since there were no more private areas where we could have some fun. I took a few more sexy pictures of Ann with her cloths in place, and we even had an older gentleman take a picture of the two of us. He was a little bewildered that we had two different kinds of cameras, but he didn't say anything as he took a photo of us at the end of our round. 

We still had a little time before we had to get back to the restaurant, so I told Ann I needed to make a quick stop into the mall. There were two pictures left on the roll, and as we got to an entrance near where I needed to go, I had Ann get out and pose next to my car.

"Lower you zipper, and show me as much as you can without actually exposing yourself," I said, hoping Ann would comply.

"Why? What are you doing?"

"I need to take two more pictures to finish up the roll, and I thought I'd give the guy that's going to develop them as good a view as he could ever get, since they don't develop nudes."

Ann smiled and lowered that infamous black zipper one more time, to just above the hair line of her pubic strip. She pulled the front opening as wide as she could, making sure she covered her nipples and areolas, but exposing the maximum amount of flesh that she could get away with. I took the two pictures and told Ann I'd be back in a minute.

"I'll come with you," she said.

"I thought you didn't want to go into the mall."

"I don't. But I know why you're going, and I'd rather be with you than without you."

My heart churned a little faster when she said that. Taking her hand, we went inside, and dropped off the film to be developed, telling the guy behind the counter that I wanted two sets of prints made. We weren't inside long, and we didn't talk much. It was in and out, and then back over to Cheddars to find out where we were in line. It turned out we'd timed everything perfectly. We were inside just a couple of minutes before we were being taken to a nice little booth in the back. It was very secluded, and reasonably quiet for being in a crowded restaurant.

I had sort of expected Ann to sit next to me, as she had a couple of other times when we'd sat down to eat in a setting like that. Instead, she sat across from me. It was hard to be disappointed, since I'd get to look at her all during dinner. But there was something so special about having her by my side that it made me feel like jelly inside. She must have sensed my mood as our cute young waitress came over to take our drink orders. Once she left to fill them, Ann wasted no time in addressing the swing in my attitude.

"You seemed to be upset that I didn't sit with you," she said, point blank.

"Not upset, just a little disappointed. I really like it that you do that. I've never been with a girl that sits next to me before. It's kind of 'our' thing, and since this is likely our last meal together, I was just looking forward to it. Not that I don't love looking into those beautiful brown eyes."

I felt Ann's right foot settle onto my left thigh as the waitress returned with our beer, and took our dinner orders. When she left, Ann gave me a sultry look, and suddenly, her being across from me didn't seem like such a bad thing. 

"Baby, do me a favor and take off my shoe," Ann said in a sultry voice equal to the look she was giving me. I was smart enough not to question her motives, and simply did as I was told. I unbuckled the sexy ankle strap and slipped off her heel, putting it on the seat between me and the wall.

"Thanks baby," she cooed as she started playing with my cock through my pants, using her toes to find the head. From there, she went back to the base, and began running the sole of her foot up and down my length, which was becoming longer by the second. 

Ann wasn't saying anything, but her expressive face was telling me everything I needed to know. I felt not only her passion for me, but her love. It was swelling her chest, and it was barely containable anymore. 

"I love making you hard," she finally said as she stared at my hazel blue eyes. 

"You've become pretty good at it," I answered, meeting her stare; my own love for her pouring out as I got caught up in what was a very open moment for the both of us. It was odd, since we seemed to dance around how we really felt about each other, both reluctant to actually say it. Maybe neither of us wanted to be the first, or by saying it, we were acknowledging that we loved each other, but were letting each other go. The whole thing seemed so warped and twisted...a lot like my stomach, which seemed to have butterflies all the time when I was around Ann.

"I have?" she said, trying to look shocked, but not really pulling it off very well. 

"All you have to do is sit there and I'll get hard."

"I don't think that's true, but I appreciate the sentiment. I do love it though. You have such a magnificent cock; I get wet thinking about it. That picture you took is going to give me a lot of nice moments."

"What's that supposed to mean?" I asked.

"It means my boyfriend it going to be 2300 miles away, and while he has a huge dick, it's not big enough to reach that far. So, I'll be using that picture while I stuff a cucumber, or whatever else I can find that's close to his size, into my hot little pussy."

"So, I'm still going to be your boyfriend when you're home?"

"I'm going to be your girlfriend until you tell me there's somebody else." 

Ann was leaving our future up to me, and I felt a huge weight land on my shoulders. It wasn't like I was being pressured, but Ann was making it pretty clear to me where her heart was. But again, neither of us could find the courage to say what we were feeling. Or more aptly put, we refused to drop our defenses and admit what we both felt. It was turning into a contest where neither of us would win; a really bad game of emotional chicken. 

That gnawing feeling in the pit of my stomach was now more than butterflies. It was fear. I wasn't afraid so much of making a bad decision. I was more afraid of not making one at all. Ann seemed to know that I was suddenly a million miles from that little table in the restaurant with her. She moved her foot down the inside of my right thigh, along my cock, towards my knee. Tucking her sexy toes into the leg opening of my shorts, she moved her foot back up my leg, and smiled as she pinned the soft underside of her foot against the hard flesh of my cock, pressing it against my thigh.

"How's that feel, babe?" Ann asked as she massaged my prick with her toes.

"Incredible," was all I could say. My mind was no longer wandering, or thinking about the pressure I'd felt a moment before. I only felt the pressure of her toes against my throbbing shaft.

"Have you ever had your cock jacked off by a girl's feet before?" she asked, making regular conversation out of something anything but regular.

"No, that would be a new one," I smiled.

"Oh, I'd love to do that for you someday. Imagine; my feet and legs covered in stockings, held up by the garter belt I'm wearing. And the matching half bra, pushing up my tits for you, making them look even bigger. Imagine how it would feel to have those feet gliding up and down your cock. Think about how I'd have to spread my legs, with my knees wide as I held my feet together over your thick, hard cock. You can see my pussy, all wet and dripping, as I pump up and down over your shaft."

My mouth was open, and so was the waitresses', as she caught the last part of Ann's description. I was surprised that she didn't drop our tray off food. Ann looked up at her and simply smiled, not bothering to apologize or explain, and she was certainly not embarrassed. In fact, I'd never seen her more confident or secure. 

The waitress, on the other hand, was a shade of crimson I'd never seen on a human being. She hurriedly set the food in front of us, and asked if we needed anything else, but was leaning away like she couldn't wait to leave us alone. Ann had other ideas. 

"Yes, I'd like your opinion on something."

"Ex-excuse me?" stammered the waitress, named Kelli according her her name tag.

"I'd like your opinion."

"Uh, okay...on what?"

"I was just wondering what you thought about what you overheard."

"I'm sorry?" Kelli said, looking confused, and trying to pretend she didn't know what Ann was talking about.

"Well, I was telling my boyfriend here how I'd like to use my feet someday to get him off. You were standing there, so I know you heard me. I just wondered if I was the only girl who thinks that that would be incredibly hot. Or am I crazy?"

"I think that's between you and him," she said, trying to get away.

"Oh, I know he thinks it's hot," Ann said, pressing her foot harder against my cock, making sure she had my attention. "But he's a little biased. I want a woman's opinion. What do you think?"

Ann looked up at Kelli, waiting...hoping, for any kind of response. Kelli could see Ann's body moving, her leg undoubtedly going back and forth as she continued to stroke my cock gently with her foot.

"I...I'm not sure what you want me to...say?" Kelli said, picking her words very carefully.

"I'm just looking for an opinion. If that makes you uncomfortable, you don't have to. I don't know how long you've been standing there, or how much you heard. But pretending you didn't hear me is a little silly, and I'm not ashamed of what I said, because I meant every word I said. So, am I the only woman that thinks masturbating her boyfriend with her feet in stockings is incredibly hot?"

Kelli stood frozen, practically trembling. She was staring at my chest, watching as my body was moved slowly from Ann caressing my dick with her foot. Finally she tore herself away and just left us. Ann looked at me and shrugged, and we ate our burgers while she continued to play with me, physically and mentally.

Ann not only continued to rub her foot all over my cock, she continued her sweet torture. Between bites, she would quietly describe how she would love to use her feet on me, and the various different ways she would do it. She was trying to get me on the edge, and she was doing a good job of it. She painted a picture of her using her bare feet, and generous helping of baby oil. As soon as she said baby oil, an image of being with Dawn at the hotel in Michigan came to mind; the two of us covered in that magic lubricant.
