 The crowd leaving the movie theatre was light, and the car wasn't that far away. Looking at Ann in the lights of the parking lot, I was taken by her smile. She was radiant, brighter than the lights that she was illuminated by. It was a warm, inviting smile; her deep brown eyes sparkling as she caught my stare.

"What are you thinking about, baby?" she asked.

"You," I said as I returned her smile with one of my own.

"I can only imagine," came her response; her words tinged with sexual imagery. 

"I wasn't thinking like that, Ann." I really wasn't thinking about sex with Ann at the moment. I had been so touched by the ending of the movie that my thoughts were more on how I loved her companionship. 

"It was the end of the movie, wasn't it? Did you like it?"

"Yeah," was all I could bring myself to say.

"I knew you would. I saw you crying a little," she said as she stroked my arm.

"So...I suppose you got to see my softer side," I shrugged, but not from embarrassment. 

"It's okay, Neil. I'm glad you weren't afraid to do that in front of me. I love the fact that you have emotions. It proves you're passionate...but I already knew that," she giggled.

It was okay. But having Ann say that she didn't have a problem with seeing her 'boyfriend' cry made me swell inside. Knowing she knew it wasn't a sign of weakness made me feel stronger as a man.

"It made me think of me and Dad," I said, staring at the pavement as we stood next to the car.

"And?" she asked, knowing there was more to it.

"And, what?"

"You said you were thinking of me. How do I fit into that?" she asked.

I wasn't sure how to answer her. I wasn't sure what I was feeling at all. Ann knew I was struggling, and she squeezed my hand harder, bringing me into the moment with her.

"Are you sure you weren't thinking something naughty?" she said playfully as she toyed with the zipper on the front of her little shorts jumpsuit. Ann had a way of snapping me out of whatever serious thoughts I might have been trapped in, and luring me towards were both really wanted to be. She lowered her zipper a little, exposing the inner globes of her cleavage to me. She practically hissed when she said, "I was really hoping you'd be thinking naughty, because I might let you do something naughty to me before the night is over."

Suddenly, any thoughts I'd had about the movie and the feelings it has stirred in me had vanished, replaced by lust for my girlfriend. She saw the look in my eyes and knew she had stirred something else.

"That's more like it," Ann said as she lowered her zipper all the way. I couldn't help but reach out and pull her to me, drawing her into my arms as I swept her brown locks from her face. "Got any ideas?" she said with an arched brow and a wry smile.

"I might," I said as my left hand slid down and grabbed her ass as I leaned in, kissing her full pouting lips. Ann let out a low moan from deep in her chest as she let me take her mouth. She was surrendering to my kiss, offering herself to me. 

As I pulled my mouth from hers, she blinked wildly, her own eyes filled with lust. 

"I'm all yours, Neil."

"What do you mean?" I asked, not believing my ears.

"Take me somewhere...anywhere. But take me, and do whatever you want with me." Then Ann bit her lip, like she couldn't believe she'd just said it. I was waiting for her to tell me to hurry up before she changed her mind, but instead she reached up and played with my chest through my shirt.

~*~*~*~*~*~

We drove out of town, down the interstate towards home. I had no idea where to go. I wished I had a bed to take her to, but I knew my parents were home, and so were hers. And I'd sworn off taking her to a hotel because it felt tawdry and cheap. I was rethinking that, when I felt Ann's hand on my thigh. Looking over, I could see her breast in plain view, illuminated by the headlights of the cars on the other side of the freeway. She'd opened the top of her outfit, pulling the material over her sexy shoulders. I peered down to her lap, noting her right hand was inside the opening, her fingers working their way to her crotch.

"Anywhere you want to take me is fine, Neil," Ann said, reading my mind again. I thought about taking her back to the pond we'd visited after our night at the dance club, but that was way past town to the west. I didn't want to wait that long. I racked my brain trying to think of someplace that was private where we wouldn't be noticed or disturbed. All of a sudden, it hit me. Matt! 

Actually, it wasn't Matt so much as his parents. Hank and Karen were an interesting couple. They'd both been married before. Hank had two older daughters from his first marriage. Karen didn't, but she had been married a while before divorcing, and then later marrying Hank. The two of them had been married for well over 25 years...but they were far from what you would call a loving couple. They bickered, and they argued. But they stuck it out, making their relationship work somehow. 

Hank was an architect, and he also worked as the county surveyor. He logged a ton of hours. Karen owned a kids clothing store in town, and she worked even more. Being workaholics added to the angst, as neither had a lot of spare time, and raising Matt and Maria fell on Ann's shoulders as a kid. She babysat them all the time, playing Mother to them while Hank and Karen were making money.

With Karen and Hank each being independent entrepreneurs, they had disposable income. They tended to spoil their kids to make up for not being around. But they also invested. I'm sure they had stocks or bonds that I didn't know about, but there was one thing I did know they had. And it was that one investment that came to me as I drove down the dark Indiana country road toward home.

Just down the street from Matt's house, on the next block, was a little apartment complex. Actually, it wasn't a complex...it was a building. It was a one story building, that had five two-bedroom apartments all connected. It was more like a strip mall in appearance. Hank bought it years before and renovated it. Being handy, and living close by, allowed him to keep an eye on the place and make sure it was well maintained. He was the 'super', for lack of a better way to say it. 

All of the apartments were stylish. Karen saw to that. And, they were all furnished, which was unusual for a town the size of ours. Hank felt that having furnished apartments made them more upscale, and it kept damage down from people moving in and out all the time. He had several long time residents there, with long term leases. But, there was one, the farthest from Matt's house on the end, which only recently had become vacant.

Matt told me about it for a couple of reasons. One, he lamented the fact over a beer that he had to paint it; something he didn't look forward to. Two, he was trying to get me to rent it, since I'd been looking for a place to call my own so I could move out of my parents house. I considered it, but the idea of it being furnished didn't really appeal to me. I had some of my own things, and I wanted a place I could call my own. And, I wasn't really thrilled with the idea of renting from the parents of a friend, especially one that gossiped as much as Karen did. I liked her, but I didn't necessarily trust her.

The third reason Matt told me about the apartment being vacant was he was using it. He wasn't living in it, but he did go there a couple of times to hook up with a girl he was dating. And, he offered it to me, knowing I'd been trying to hook up and yet not having any place to go. Up until that moment, I'd sworn off being desperate enough to use it. Now, it didn't seem desperate. It seemed practical, and perfect.

~*~*~*~*~*~

Pulling into town, I went down Main Street, but turned down a side street before I reached Ann's neighborhood. Coming in the back way, we approached down the street that Matt lived on, which was just around the corner from Ann's parent's house, which wasn't lost on Ann.

"So, you're taking that 'anywhere you want to take me' thing I said literally, aren't you?"

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"Well, it looks like you're taking me home. I guess you want to test me to see if I was serious."

"Relax and trust me, will ya!"

Ann took a deep breath and kind of held it as we got closer and closer. In a way, I almost thought she wanted me to take her home, and take her there. And the way we'd left her parents, with Jean wearing one of Ann's outfits and luring Marlin inside for some afternoon delight...that might have turned out okay. But it wasn't a chance I was willing to take. 

I turned the car into the parking lot of the apartments and quickly turned off the lights. I drove around to the back, where Matt had told me to park if I ever decided to use the place. He'd given me the rundown of what to do to remain not only out of sight, but undetected by anyone around. I got out of the car and walked around to the back of the apartment. I checked for the hide-a-key box where Matt had placed a spare key, under the air conditioner unit on the back. There was a back door to every apartment. The middle three apartments had sliding doors. But the two on the ends had French doors that opened in. Finding the key right where Matt said it would be, I took it and returned to the car.

Ann was sitting patiently, her legs crossed. She was licking her fingers, no doubt tasting herself from the fingering she'd done the majority of the way home. I opened her door, and she looked up at me. 

"So, is this your secret love nest?"

"Why do you say that?" I asked.

"Obviously you've been here before."

"Actually, it's Matt's. Hank and Karen own these apartments."

"I know. I just figure you've been using it, since you seem to know how to get in."

"Matt offered it. But he's the only one that's used it. I never had a reason to, until tonight."

"So you've never been here before?"

"No. Like I said, I never had a reason to."

"Are you sure it's okay?"

"No, but I don't really care. Besides, it's not like we're breaking in. Matt left a key. And you're like family to the Sheppard's anyway, so I wouldn't worry about it."

Ann laughed and said, "Well, I am like a daughter to them, but I'm not sure how they'd feel about me using their empty apartment for something like this."

"It's late, and they're never going to know," I said as I held out my hand. Ann took it and stood up, her jumpsuit still off her shoulders as she held it up by her arms. Her breasts were still exposed, but in the dark, we were out of sight. I turned Ann away from me and pulled her into my body. Grabbing her tits, I tweaked her nipples, making her squeal.

"Quiet babe. We don't want the neighbors to hear us. You're going to have to keep your emotions to yourself tonight...okay?"

"If you say so," Ann said, acting disappointed. 

I moved my hands to her shoulders, and then down over her soft upper arms. I took the jumpsuit and moved it off of her arms, and let it fall to the ground. Ann stepped out of the outfit at her feet, and turned into me. She was naked expect for her shoes and that wonderful waist chain. She took the key from my hand and strutted toward the door.

"Pick up my clothes please baby. You can leave them in the car. And bring the camera," she said as she looked over her shoulder, before stepping into the dark apartment. 

I scrambled to do as I was told, and locked up the car before heading inside myself. Closing the door, I locked it behind me and opened the drapes to let some light into the room. I knew we couldn't turn on the lights in the main part of the apartment, because that could be seen from the street. But, the back bedroom was hidden from view. Matt had clued me in to the fact that if I used that one, I could turn on a light if I wanted.

I was going to take Ann in there, but when I turned I noticed she'd climbed up onto the table in the dinette area. Her legs were spread, and she had her feet up on the edge. She was leaning back, her body supported by her elbows as she looked at me.

"If you're hungry, I have something that you might find tasty for dessert," she said as she reached between her legs and played with her splayed pussy. I was getting ready to dive in, when she stopped me. "You're not dressed for dinner, baby." 

I took her hint, and was out of my clothes in seconds. Grabbing a chair, I pulled up my seat as Ann laid back on the table and played with her tits. Nibbling around her thighs, I tried to determine just how patient Ann was going to be. After having her play with my cock in the theatre for the better part of an hour and a half, I felt compelled to keep her on edge for a while myself.

I worked my way around her crotch, avoiding her pussy. I sampled her ass, reaming her tight back hole for quite some time, making her squirm and moan to the point that I thought she was going to fall off the table. It was twenty minutes before I moved north and began licking her labia, toying with the outside of her tender lips. 

I bit and pulled at them, stretching them out as I sucked them between my lips. Ann shook the table, her body rocking hard as she tried to move her hips to get me to touch her engorged clit. I let out a little laugh, and she grabbed me by the hair. She never tried to force me to her pussy, but I knew she was tempted. As much as she loved playing with my cock, I loved teasing her with my tongue. I felt so powerful with my face between her legs. A simple dart of my tongue would make her writhe in ecstasy, and I welded that power like a knight with a magic sword.

Another twenty minutes had passed before I drove my mouth over her pussy and clamped down. Ann came; her orgasm running through her body in one quick, violent rush. It was a flash flood, filling my mouth as I sucked on her clit and hummed, making a vibrating move with my tongue. I could feel Ann grab the edges of the table to hold on, and she was doing so for dear life as I continued my unexpected assault on her cunt. Her ass was moving away from me, until her feet slipped off the edge of the table, making her legs fall limply over the edge. With her back arched upward, I grabbed her ass and shoved a finger deep into her backside, which sent her off again. 

I stood up and marveled at the sight of my beloved Ann. Her head was off the table, leaning back over the edge. Her wonderful tits were pointed at the ceiling; her hard nipples rising and falling rapidly as she tried to catch her breath. Her knuckles were white as she gripped tightly to the table. And all the while, she was moaning. It was low, and sexy. She was trying to keep herself in check and not wake the neighbors that didn't know we were there, and that only made it hotter.

Walking around the table, I leaned down and cupped my hand under Ann's head, lifting it up so I could kiss her. Her eyes were closed, but her smile was wide as my lips found hers. Ann tasted herself on my mouth, and she kissed and licked around it to clean my face and get as much of her wonderful juice as she could find. I was playing with her tits, and she reached back with one of her hands and found my rock hard cock. 

Again I found myself being literally manipulated by her magical fingers. The woman knew how to handle a dick. I suppose I could have felt intimidated by that. She obviously had been with her share of guys to get that good. But then, she could say the same about me and the way I just ate her out. The fact that we both had a past didn't seem such a big deal. It made us who we were. The fact that we fit so well together was all that mattered to me.

When I stood up, breaking our kiss, I intended to take Ann to the bedroom. She had other ideas. Pulling me to her face, she smiled up at me and softly said, "My turn."

Placing the tip of my cock against her lips, Ann licked the head of my cock, tasting my pre-cum. Swirling her tongue, I leaned my head back and groaned. God she was good. I felt her hands reach back and grab my ass, and she pulled me in even closer as my shaft slipped past her stretched lips and into her mouth. Her head was leaning way back, and at that angle, it was a straight shot into her throat. Ann was forcing more and more of me into past her lips, and I could tell by her actions that she was trying to loosen her throat muscles. She had said she wanted to deep throat me, and she'd gotten to within about an inch and a half before. But I had always proved too much for her.

I looked down and tried to see Ann's expression. Most of it was blocked by me. My thick shaft and balls were hovering over her beautiful face, so it was difficult to tell. But her actions gave it away. She was determined to please me. She wanted to be able to say to herself that she'd done me before she had to leave. And as I watched, more and more of my cock disappeared down her throat. 

Ann wasn't sucking my cock as much as she was swallowing it. She would pull me in and hold me, letting her throat get used to the feeling. Then she'd push me back until just the head rested on her lips. She was lovingly kissing it, moaning as she played with the slit with her tongue. Then she'd grab my ass again and I'd push forward until I met resistance, and she'd stop me, and pull a little to force more of me inside. 

I'm not sure how long it took. Fifteen minutes; twenty; it could have been a half hour for all I knew. But finally, Ann pulled me forward into her with such force that my entire rod was buried inside her mouth and throat. I could feel her excitement as she held me there for a moment. Hell, I shared it. It felt like a victory for both of us. 

"I knew you could do it, baby. I'm so proud of you," I found myself saying as she pulled back to kiss the head of my cock again. 

"God that feels so big in my throat. I can't believe I just did that. I love your cock, Neil."

And with that she took me back inside and she did it again. And again. And again. In what seemed like seconds, Ann had not only deep throated me for the first time, but she'd become an expert at it. It took a moment for her to build her confidence and security that she wasn't going to get hurt by my length and girth, but she returned to the normal, sexually self-assured woman I'd grown to love.

Taking my shaft in her hand, Ann moved her mouth to my balls and sucked them into her mouth one by one. Going back and forth, she bathed them in her mouth, slurping and sucking them as she gently stroked me. That I was over her, and my balls were falling into her mouth, made the experience all the more intense for me and Ann seemed to love the power that position gave her. Taking advantage, she licked between my balls. 

My cock was pulsing. I loved what she was doing to me, and she responded by reaching up and cupping my saliva soaked balls, squeezing them gently in her fingers. Never letting go of my balls with her left hand, Ann guided my cock back to her lips, where she kissed and licked my head.

"Fuck me, Neil. Fuck my mouth," Ann pleaded as she ran a finger up my ass crack. 

That was all the incentive I needed. Ann pulled my cock inside her mouth by pulling my ass towards her, and in moments she had my shaft all the way inside her throat. Her nose was against my balls, and her chin was against my abdomen as I let her get used to me again. 

Ann groaned over my rod, and I knew she wanted me to start. I went slowly at first, making long, deliberate strokes in and out of her mouth. But she was squeezing my balls, and her other hand was roaming all over my ass cheeks, making me buck into her face. I was nervous at first, but I knew quickly that she wanted it that way. So, I picked up my pace and began fucking her more forcefully. 

After all Ann had done to me throughout the night to work me up, from the flashing at the botanical gardens, to the flashing on the putt-putt course, to the toying she'd done with my cock at both the restaurant and the movie theatre, I was ready to blow my wad. Ann was ready too. It was incredible.
