 "YES! Oh my God yes! I love you too, Neil. I think I've loved you forever! I was just too scared to say it! I didn't want to hurt you!"

I had no idea why I'd asked Ann to marry me so quickly. It seemed rash, and desperate. And yet I knew as soon as she said yes that it was the right thing to say. In less than a week, I'd fallen in love and asked a woman that I really barely knew to marry me, and it felt more right than anything I'd ever done in my life. We hadn't even discussed any of the logistics, the most important of which was her living 2,300 miles away. But I knew we'd figure that out. 

As we kissed under that tree, both of us tearing up, a thousand thoughts ran through my mind in just seconds. And all of those vanished in a poof when Ann pulled back, pressing her forehead to mine, our eyes locking again. "Wow...we've got a lot to talk about yet tonight, don't we?" she said with a little laugh. 

She was right.

~*~*~*~*~*~

Ann and I were getting married. The when, the where, and really, even the how had yet to be determined. Maybe even the why. But we'd both finally caved to our suppressed feelings and told each other how we really felt. As we stood there in our embrace under that maple tree, it was suddenly hard to talk, because neither of us knew where to start.

Ann and I indeed had a lot to talk about, starting with who was moving where. I couldn't see myself in California, but then again, I'd never been there. Maybe that's where I needed to go. But Ann quickly put that out of my mind. She'd been thinking about us actually getting together more than I'd considered, based on what she told me. 

"I don't want to live in this town," Ann said very bluntly. "Too many people know us, and as magical as this week has been, I can't live here again."

"So you want me to move to California?"

"HELL no!"

"Hell no?" I said with a laugh.

"Well, I suppose if you want to. I was just thinking that it would be easier if I moved back here...just not HERE," she said looking around.

"Well, we can live anywhere you want. I can commute to work. But I don't make a ton of money. So we just can't live anywhere. But I suppose we can find a place nearer to Fort Wayne."

"We've got time to figure that out. I just don't want to be stuck in this town, and I don't think I can handle small town USA again. I need more than that."

"Okay...but you're serious about leaving California? That seems like a pretty quick decision."

Ann laughed and said, "I marrying a guy I've dated a week. That's what's going to be tough to explain. But I've been thinking about leaving California since Wednesday."

"Wednesday? What happened Wednesday?"

"You took me to our 'Prom', and that's when I knew I loved you."

Ann's sentence hit me like a ton of bricks. Our time together dining, dancing, and more, at the Starlight club had had a profound impact on me. I didn't know it had had even more of one on Ann. I guess I was so consumed with how I was feeling that I never considered how the whirlwind adventure we were on really was affecting her. I mean, I knew how she felt about the sex, and about how amazing everything else between us was. But while I dreamed and wished she wanted more, I never seriously thought it could happen. In my mind, there seemed to be just as much of a chance Ann would have said no than to actually say yes to my proposal. 

I was curious, and couldn't help asking, "Why? What happened that made you feel that way?"

Squeezing my hand, Ann said, "Because that's when I knew that you loved me, and it made it okay to for me to give in to my own feelings about you."

I wanted to ask her how she knew, but it didn't matter. It only mattered that we both knew early in the week. And while it seemed silly at the time, knowing we both loved each other early on made it easier to accept the fact that we were getting married. It didn't seem so 'rushed'. Hell, it still sounded strange to think we were actually getting married, but I liked that I could somehow rationalize it. It was a bit of a stretch, but I suppose you can use even the thinnest reasoning to justify an action if you try hard enough.

"When would you think about coming back?" I asked Ann, not really asking about a wedding date, but when I'd get to be with again. I didn't even want to think about a wedding date yet. I was lightheaded as it was.

"Well, it's going to be a while. I have to give notice, and I owe it to my girls and my District Manager to make sure there's a smooth transition. I love my girls, and that store has been my life. I want to leave it in good hands."

"So, what does that mean, exactly?"

"I don't know baby. I'm guessing a couple of months. We'll just have to see. Why, are you in a hurry?"

"No. But I already miss you now, and you're still in my arms. Like I said, I don't want to let you go."

"You said you can't let me go."

"Okay, semantics. I can't let you go," I said with a grin, hugging her in my arms.

"Worried I won't come back?" she asked playfully with a smile.

"Maybe," I said, and suddenly I was, since she planted that seed of doubt in my head.

"Look, Neil. Fate brought us together. I really believe that. But we have been going at each other nonstop for almost a week. If we're going to make it, maybe this is the best thing. It lets us cool off and think. And absence makes the heart grow fonder."

"No, it makes the lonely hornier," I said with a smirk.

"Well, you have some pictures to help you, and I'm sure I can find a way to talk you through the HARD times," she said as she stroked my cock through my shorts, "but only if you talk me through mine. You're not the only one that's going to be lonely, you know."

Ann was right, again. She had a habit of being right, and I wondered to myself if I could really handle being married to someone that was right all the time, which made me laugh a little. She noticed, but didn't say anything. 

"Okay, I guess I can wait," I finally said, pouting a little myself.

Ann gave me a sweet kiss, and said, "It's going to be okay, Neil. I really feel good about this. Being away from each other for a couple of months will be a good test. We can date over the phone. You know, talk, and find out more about each other...away from all the great sex. I want this to work. And you have to admit, right now, this whole relationship is based on the sex. It's incredible sex...mind blowing, life altering sex! The best I've ever had in my life! But I want to do everything I can to make sure we have more than that."

As much as it pained me, that made sense. It would have been easier to accept if Ann wasn't still fondling my crotch, but she was right. So I told her so.

"You're right Ann. You're always right, which is a bit of a pain in the ass now that I think about it."

"I'm not always right," she said, slugging me lightly on my shoulder. "You've taught me a lot about myself this week that I never knew, Neil. You better get used to the idea that we're an equal couple. I don't see one or the other of us wearing the pants in our marriage. Oh my God! I can't believe I'm getting married!" Ann began giggling like a little girl, and she threw her arms around me.

"If I have my way, neither of us will be wearing pants at all," I said as I squeezed her ass playfully.

Ann kissed me again, and said, "I can't wait to tell Mom and Dad!"

A shiver ran down my spine, and for the first time in the minutes since I'd asked Ann, reality sank in. I was about to dive back into the murky, turbulent waters of matrimony. The same shark infested sea that had chewed me up and spit me out eighteen months before, washed ashore a humiliated and broken shell of a man. And here I was, standing on the dock, ready to jump in again without a life preserver. The only saving grace was I felt in my heart that I wasn't making the dive alone, and the woman I was going diving with was a Baywatch babe.

When I'd asked Ann to marry me, it was just the two of us, and it was like we were on a private island. But her wanting to tell her parents was like I had walked into a wall face first. I wasn't having second thoughts. That wasn't it at all. I was having a problem trying to wrap my hands around the fact that I had to find a way to tell MY parents. 

"Ann, I have a favor to ask," I said sheepishly.

"Okay...what?" she answered, kind of lifting her shoulders and bouncing up and down on the balls of her feet. 

"Could you kind of... NOT tell your parents right away? It's going to take me a little bit to find a way to tell my parents. I'm not sure how they're going to take this."

Ann gave me an odd look and said, "You don't think they like me?"

"Oh my God, Ann, that's not it at all. They love you."

"But they won't approve. Is that it?"

"No...it's not that either. They'll approve, eventually. I'm just not ready for the onslaught of questions surrounding our jumping into this so soon...when we've only been together six days. I know I'm not rushing into this. I dated my first wife for three years, and I already know this marriage is going to work after just six days. I just have to find a way to explain that to them."

Ann stroked my face with her soft hand. "Baby, I don't think you're giving them enough credit. I'm pretty sure they see us a lot clearer than we have...I think we were the last ones to admit we love one another. I bet they've known it all along. Besides, do you really expect me not to tell Mom and Dad? This is something I need to tell them face to face, not over the phone."

"Yes...of course," I said, smacking myself upside the head with the palm of my hand. "You're right...AGAIN. But, can you at least tell them to keep it to themselves until I find a way to tell my folks. You know how this town is."

"Okay. But you can't wait too long to tell them, babe. My Mom isn't going to be able to hold it in that long."

"That's fair. Just have them give me a couple of days. I need to wait until our company is gone. I don't want to do it in front of them. I want to be able to tell my parents first."

We talked a bit longer, but eventually, I had let Ann go. We kissed one last time, and she told me she'd call me when she got home from the airport to let me know she'd gotten home okay. I took a deep breath, taking in her perfume one last time before I climbed back in my car and backed out of the driveway. Ann slipped inside quickly, not wanting to prolong the inevitable any more. I drove silently into the night, making the short trip home. 

As I drove up my parent's driveway, I felt at ease. That, to me, was amazing. I'd asked Ann to marry me practically on a whim and a prayer. It was a decision based largely on emotion that had been fueled by the fires of passion. Making a major life change because of the magnificent sex Ann and I had together was not only going to be hard to defend, it was insane. When I factored in that Ann and I had just finished an incredible evening permeated by our aroused excitement, ending in another amazingly erotic carnal encounter, proposing in that frame of mind was ludicrous. For Ann to say yes when she was under the influence of the same sexual stimuli told me she was just as crazy as I was.

Or, she was certain we were meant to be together...fate. She used that word, and I found that it warmed me from the inside out. We WERE meant to be together. There was a reason for my feeling at ease. It told me that we were crazy only if we DIDN'T stay together. I'd been thinking all along of the reasons we couldn't be together. And in the end, I realized I kept overlooking the one and only reason we had to stay together. We loved each other. 

I seemed to float from my car to the house, carried by the thought of having Ann to share my life with. I didn't remember opening the door to the house. Or closing it...I only remember looking in the mirror, seeing my smile as I brushed my teeth.

I stopped by the little half bath just outside the laundry room to get cleaned up a little. With our company still in the house, I went into the living room through the dining room and closed the door. The door to the front hallway was already closed, and my Mom had pulled out the bed again for me. I was worked up, and I thought I was going to have trouble getting to sleep. But the peace I felt about Ann and I getting married was real...and the week of constantly being on edge finally caught up to me. Knowing I didn't have to get up helped. I was out fast, dreaming of Ann. 

~*~*~*~*~*~

For the first time that I could remember, I woke up knowing exactly what had happened the night before. There wasn't a foggy feeling that what was in my head was a dream, or an illusion. There were no half truths, or misinterpreted recollections. I was as clearheaded as I could remember after waking up from a deep sleep. I recalled every wonderful moment from the night before, including the improbable ending. It all seemed so vivid in my mind. 

What I was struggling with was what was happening in the moment.

It was five thirty in the morning, and I'd only been asleep for a few hours. I wouldn't say that I was refreshed, because I had been running on empty for what seemed like a month. I was beyond tired. But I was awake. Actually, I was awakened. That familiar feeling of someone joining me in bed jostled me from my slumber, and it was followed by a soft, warm body nuzzling up next to mine, spooning against my back. Since I was naked, I was suddenly alert. My sense of awareness heightened more so when a feminine hand worked its way over my hip, slinking down toward my cock.

As much as I wanted it to be, I knew it wasn't Ann. I wasn't sure who it was, but I had a pretty good idea. I looked over my shoulder, cautiously.

"Good morning, Paula."

"Good morning, Neil. I hope you don't mind me joining you. I've tried to be patient, but I feel a little like a kid on Christmas morning. And I was thrilled to see you'd already unwrapped my present."

"What are you talking about, Paula?" I said as I grabbed her wrist, and pried her hand off my shaft.

"You...you're already undressed for me."

"I'm not undressed for you Paula. I just sleep this way. What the hell are you doing in here anyway?" I said, trying not to start a scene. But I was a little perturbed. I was tired, and I really wanted to go back to sleep. I wanted to get back to my dream, involving a very naked Ann in a very interesting sexual position. I wanted to see how it ended, to use for future reference.

"I'm just following your rules, Neil. You said that you were off limits until Sunday, when Ann left. And it's Sunday."

"She hasn't left yet. She leaves for the airport in a couple of hours."

"So, you're going to deny me because of a technicality?"

"No, I'm going to deny you because you're married. You should know how I feel about that Paula."

"I figured you'd bring that up. Neil, do you know what a cuckold is?"

I laughed. "I was one, Paula. Remember?"

"Uh...yes. Sorry. But you were the bad kind...the unfortunate kind."

"I didn't know there was a difference."

Paula spent the next ten minutes trying to convince me to fuck her, all on the pretenses that Rob was a willing cuckold. She spun a tale of how he enjoyed her fooling around with other men, and how he got excited by it. Actually, I had heard of that phenomenon...or fetish as it were; and I suppose it was possible that Rob and Paula really did live that lifestyle. It seemed plausible. I found it hard to believe that someone like Paula would have so little self control that she would throw away a marriage for something so frivolous, not to mention doing it in my parents' home. For her to make up such a story didn't pass the smell test. But I couldn't get what my ex had done to me out of my mind. I couldn't fuck her because of that.

I also knew I couldn't fuck her because I was suddenly engaged. I was in a tough spot though, because I didn't want Paula to be the first person I told...that had to be my parents. And Paula was so cute and persistent that it was making things hard...and not just my cock.

"Look, Paula. I'm not comfortable with this. I hope you understand...I'm not judging you and Rob. But this isn't going to happen. In my mind, I can't be a part of something that sort of even seems like what happened to me. Even if you and Rob are okay with it. I mean, maybe it would be different if he told me himself, but..."

"Do you want me to go get him?"

'WHAT? Fuck no...Paula, seriously."

"Neil, I just..." She stopped, knowing I was serious. The look of disappointment on her face hit me. I felt horrible. After all, it wasn't like I didn't play a part in it. I was the one that lit the fire, standing naked in front of her in my room, even though it really was innocent. But I didn't try to put it out. Instead, I fanned the flames by practically sticking my hard cock in her face. 

I looked at Paula, and it was obvious she was really worked up. She looked just like Nancy had in my office the morning she caught Ann and I playing on the phone. And that made me think about how Ann had told me to take care of her. Eat her, but no fucking. If I remembered clearly, I thought she had said, 'I'm firm on that.' I knew I'd have to confess to Ann later about what I was considering doing, but I also knew I had to find a way to end this melodrama before it became a lot worse. So I compromised with my brain.

"Paula, because this is all my fault, I AM willing to help you. I can't fuck you, but I can do something else to get you off."

"I'm not interested in you fingering me, Neil. I can do that myself."

"I was thinking more along the lines of eating you."

"Well, tell me, how is that not sex?"

"It's sex, Paula. But it's okay, because Ann told me that that's okay."

"What? You talked to her about this?"

"Not exactly, but you'll have to trust me on this. It's kind of a take it, or leave," I said, pointing toward the door. 

"What about you...I've been dreaming about your..." Paula pointed at my throbbing cock.

"Yeah, I know it looks like I'm ready for anything, Paula. But truthfully, I'm all fucked out. Ann really outdid herself last night. Well...all of yesterday. I'm afraid you wouldn't get my best. But I CAN give you my best if you let me do what I can do."

"It just that I kind of had my heart set on..."

I put my finger to her lips and smiled. "How about you finish that sentence after I'm done."

~*~*~*~*~*~

Paula insisted on getting naked. That was her one stipulation for 'settling' for me eating her pussy instead of fucking it. I don't know if she thought seductively stripping for me would change my mind, but it was a nice bonus. And for her age, it was a very nice bonus. Paula's body was hard and toned; she had obviously spent a great deal of time making sure of it. Perhaps it was their lifestyle, feeling she needed to be a hard body in order to attract other men to make both her and Rob happy. From where I was looking, it was time well spent. 

Of course, I was looking from a vantage point that was between her legs. And I couldn't see a lot, since my focus was limited. But what I did see was amazing. Paula wasn't shaved, but her jet black pubic hair was very closely cropped and neatly trimmed. It felt soft and, well, luxurious against my face when I'd rub against it.

I was a half-hour into my cunt licking session, and I'd brought Paula to the edge a half dozen times without letting her cum. She was all over the mattress, moving her body to try and get me to touch her in a way that would change that. I was focusing my attention on nibbling and licking at her outer lips. Every once in a while I'd drag my tongue across her pussy, making her groan. I knew from the night before that Paula was one of three very vocal women in the house when it came to sex. She had her face covered with a pillow to try and silence her moans. 
