 There's nothing quite like standing at the luggage carousel of an airport, waiting for your bags to arrive. The scene is the same everywhere. People craning their necks, looking...hoping...praying that the items they gave the airline will actually show up on that magical moving belt. It's a little like Russian roulette. Someone's going to get the bullet in the chamber, and their bags aren't going to be there. The morbid among us wait until the very end to see the lifeless corpses drag themselves to the Customer Service Desk to make their desperate plea, which is almost always followed by a period of desperation and mourning for the luggage that was lost.

Normally on a trip as short in duration as I was taking, I wouldn't even be near the carousels. I would have just carried on everything I needed and been well on my way to the rental car agency of my choosing. But I was traveling with Tina, so I stood there with the rest of the mob...waiting. 

It really is amusing to watch people react in the baggage claim area. First, just watching them wait impatiently for the belts to start moving; and once they do, their immediate excitement of that moment, which is quickly followed by the utter disappointment they feel as it snakes along, inching forward while it remains empty. Then a rogue, random bag comes through the opening, and everyone gets needlessly excited, because there's just the one. Sure, another follows eventually, but they are sporadic and random.

I've often wondered what happens on the other end, where the workers are putting the bags onto the belt. Did they take some kind of class in mental torture, or are they just eating sandwiches and talking while they occasionally throw a bag or a suitcase onto the belt? 

After fifteen minutes of waiting and watching the assortment of luggage go by, we finally had ours and we were on our way to get a car. The chamber was empty for us, and we spun it and handed that proverbial gun to the next passenger/victim. We didn't wait to see who got the bullet, but as we walked away I listened and wondered if the imaginary pistol was about to go off. 

Flying into Dulles, we had already taken their odd shuttle system from the infield terminal to the main one. Once we had our bags, we had to take a shuttle bus to the nearby facilities that rent cars. The whole experience was like an abridged version of 'Planes, Trains and Automobiles' on fast forward. 

Tina and I waited patiently in line again. I was patient, anyway. Tina was wired, shifting her weight back and forth from foot to foot. She continued to clutch to her cup of cum, sipping away in front of people that must have wondered what it was she was actually drinking. The perverseness of it brought a smile to her face every time she lifted the cup to her full lips. I'm not sure if she was doing it for herself or for me...but watching Tina do it and knowing she wasn't wearing panties under her short miniskirt was keeping me wired in a different way. 

Finally, we made it to the front of the line, and were pointed at by a lovely redheaded woman behind the counter. Her nametag said Rita, and her tanned smile was like a warm and inviting embrace.

"May I help who's next, please," came her call as she bent her index finger, motioning us to come towards her. They were words I thought we'd never hear.

"I have a reservation," I said, hoping it was true. I hadn't made the arrangements. The company I was interviewing with had made all the travel details, including airlines, rental car and hotel. I'd never traveled before without doing all that myself, so I was a little apprehensive, worried that somehow there'd be a mix-up and I'd have to deal with a problem. Or worse, pay my own way and fight to get reimbursed. 

Rita heard the inflection of my statement. "That sounded more like a question. Let's see if we can calm your fears, sweetie. Name please?"

"Neil Thomas."

"Ah, Mr. Thomas. We've been expecting you," she said, her smile widening.

I looked at Tina, who shrugged her shoulders. Neither of us knew what that comment meant, and Rita didn't elaborate. It seemed a little odd, but I filed it away that it was just her way of making me feel more comfortable.

Rita checked her files, and pulled out a completed packet ready to go. Opening the file folder, she smiled and said, "We had you listed for a mid-sized sedan, but I see here that you've been given a free upgrade. I'll have them bring it to the front for you."

"A free upgrade? Why?"

"I'm really not sure Mr. Thomas. I suppose it's because you're handsome and debonair. But I can promise you...this car certainly suits your style better. I'll just be a moment."

I looked at Tina once more, who shrugged again and took a sip with a smile. She batted her eyes, and I was lost in them as Rita called on a walkie talkie to have our car brought to us. I'd never had that before either. I'd always taken the keys and had to trudge out to the lot to find my own ride. This one was being driven to us like I was a VIP member.

Moments later, a young attendant drove in front of the building and parked a new IROC Camaro convertible. It was black on black, and when he lowered the roof before he got out, I was stunned beyond belief.

"There's your vehicle, Mr. Thomas. Here's your paperwork. You're all set. Have a great day."

"Are you sure that car is for us?" I said, still a little shocked.

"Yes sir. Like I said, it seems to suit your style. It's perfect for a man like you. A map to your hotel is in your dossier, along with maps for your trip tomorrow. Have a great time." Rita handed me a file folder full of the paperwork, and I smiled. It was the best customer service I'd ever received from a rental car experience.

"Cool," Tina said as we walked to the car, the first words she'd spoken since we'd walked into the place.

The attendant put our luggage in the trunk for us and handed me the keys. Tina opened the file, which was organized very professionally. The map to the hotel we would be staying at was on top. I fired up the V8, and we pulled out. It was a bright sunny late afternoon in DC, and having a convertible was suddenly a nice bonus. 

~*~*~*~*~*~

We made our way to the hotel, which was about 30 minutes from the airport. The drive was nice, and Tina loved it as much as I did.

"I can't believe they gave us this car, Neil. This must be a pretty impressive company you're interviewing with."

"I'm not sure it was the company. She said it was a free upgrade...but that doesn't make any sense. Why would they do that? Not that I'm arguing...this is a sweet ride!"

I pulled into the Sheraton we would be staying at, and drove under the awning. I asked Tina if she wanted to stay, but she said she wanted to get out and stretch her legs. So, I put the tip up and opened the door for her. As we walked together though the lobby, I noticed a cute young brunette working the desk, and she smiled as we approached her. 

"Are there any guys that work in this world," I said to myself, thinking about how I always seemed to be dealing with one wonderfully attractive woman after another. I knew there had to be...somewhere. They were out there, but I was in a zone where it seemed everyone I interacted with was female and gorgeous. I wasn't complaining, but it did seem odd. 

"Good afternoon, Sir."

Reading her nametag, I said "Good Afternoon, Tammy. We have some reservations, under the name Thomas."

She lit up, smiling wide like she'd just seen an old friend. "Yes, Sir. We've been expecting you. Just a moment."

Tammy walked away, and Tina quickly said, "Why does everyone keep saying they're expecting us?"

In reality, it had only been two people, but I got her point. It was two people in a row. I could only chalk it up to my interview. Maybe they were trucking a lot of people in for the job. My heart sank a little, thinking I might be up against the world for a job I was already having misgivings about being under qualified for. I didn't need the added aggravation of worrying about my competition, when I was already worried enough just about the interview itself. I could feel myself getting uptight as I stood there.

When Tammy came back, she was carrying two boxes, placing them on the counter in front of her. I looked at Tina, who gave me her now familiar shoulder shrug. Tammy just left them there, and rummaged through her files, pulling out some paperwork and setting it on the countertop for me to review. 

"Just sign here for the room, Mr. Thomas."

I looked at the paperwork, and I could tell that the original document had been altered. I looked at Tammy, who smiled. 

"What's going on?" I asked.

"We changed the room reservations per your request, sir. From two rooms, to an Executive Suite."

I was going to say something about the change, since I knew that I had been 'honest' with Jeff in my phone interview that I would be bringing my fiancée's stepsister with me to scope out the area. He said they would pick up the tab for just the one room, and I told him that wouldn't be a problem. Tina grabbed my arm and just shook her head slightly, thinking we had gotten a deal. I went along with it, but a pit formed in my stomach. I figured I'd at least confirm the change with Jeff the next day so there would be no surprises.

"Is there a problem, Sir?" Tammy asked.

"Uh...no, not at all. Thank you for doing that for me."

"My pleasure. Here are the room keys. Top floor, turn right out of the elevator. Your suite is at the end of the hall."

"Very good. Thank you."

"And these packages arrived for you today, Sir. This one if for you, and this one is for your associate, Miss Galore," Tammy said as she nodded toward, Tina.

Tina started to say something, but I gave her the look this time and smiled. 

"Thank you, Tammy."

"I'll have someone bring your bags and these to your room. Will there be anything else?"

"Not right now, Tammy. Thanks."

"Very well, Sir. Johnny!" she called out.

"Yes, Tammy," he said a young man dressed in a vest that appeared out of nowhere.

"Please see Mr. Thomas and his associate to their room."

I took the room keys and put them in my pocket. We walked out to the car, and Tina was beside herself.

"What the fuck is going on? Who is Miss Galore?"

"I'm not sure. Something's strange. I had a pit in my stomach before, but now I'm thinking about this whole thing differently. The car...the room. Let's just wait and see. Okay?"

"Sure. I'm not bitching. It just seems like they have the wrong people."

"I know," I said as I opened the trunk. Johnny came out of the hotel with a cart and took our luggage. I left Tina with him while I parked the car, and then the three of us went up the elevator together. He opened our room and took us inside, putting the luggage neatly in place and the cartons on top of a mahogany desk. The room was huge, and it was just a living room. To the side was a huge set of double doors. The bellhop, for lack of a better word, opened the doors to show us the bedroom...complete with a luxurious king sized bed. It was a room out of a movie.

"Will there be anything else, Sir?" he asked.

I handed him a five dollar tip and said, "No. Thank you very much."

"You're welcome, Sir. Enjoy your stay."

As he shut the door behind him, Tina said, "Who is P. Galore?"

"What?" I asked.

"This package. It says it's for P. Galore, in care of N. Thomas at this address. What the hell is going on, Neil?"

I smiled. I finally had a clue, but I wanted to confirm it. "Let me open my package, and we'll see if we can find out." 

~*~*~*~*~*~

Ann and I had had a conversation the same Wednesday night after the phone interview. I had commented that it went very well, and they wanted to bring me in for a series of face to face interviews that coming Saturday. When I asked her, she made a comment about it being very fast, and she wondered about my plans for the weekend. I had told her that I had intended to go to see 'License to Kill', the new James Bond movie that had just come out that week. I was going to go see it with Matt on Saturday, but that was going to have to be delayed now that I had to travel.

We had already had a lengthy discussion about my love of Bond films weeks before. It was one of those Saturday nights, after we'd helped each other get off on the phone. We were discussing movies, and we ended up talked about everything Bond. I was surprised that Ann had an interest in the series herself, although admittedly not as passionate as mine. But she knew a lot. We debated the various Bond's, both loving Sean Connery the best. I told her I liked Timothy Dalton, if only because he was different that the campy version that Roger Moore had evolved into in his later films. He wasn't Connery, but he was better than that. 

Ann had asked me what my favorite Bond film was, and I had told her it was 'Goldfinger'. When she asked me why, I told her it had Connery, and it also had Bond playing golf. Not to mention a naked chick painted in gold, which I found sexy, even though she was dead. It was that conversation that came to mind when I heard Tina say the one box was addressed to P. Galore. It didn't dawn on me when Tammy had said Miss Galore at the front desk, but it made more sense when the 'P' was put in front of it. 

The cartons were sent Federal Express overnight, and both were marked as having come from San Francisco. There was no doubt in my mind that Ann was a part of all of what was going on. I just didn't know what it was yet, or the extent of it.

I carefully opened the box addressed to my attention. The contents of the carton were carefully packaged. A great deal of care had been taken to present it in a specific manner...there was an attempt for a desired effect. In the very top, there was a sealed 9 x 12 manila envelope that was very official looking. It was marked in the top corner as being from 'MI6', and in the middle, was a neatly typed label that said "Bond". It was even stamped with a red "Confidential" mark. I laughed when I pulled it out of the box, and I turned to look at Tina, who was peering over my shoulder. 

"Have a look at this, Pussy," I said with a grin.

"Excuse me?" Tina said, thinking I was in some way insulting her, or coming on to her.

"Your name is Pussy. Pussy Galore, like in the movie. See, I'm James Bond."

"You're kidding?"

"Have you seen the movie?"

"I've seen all of them. I just never dreamed that's what this was all about. Actually, what IS this all about?"

"Still not sure, but Ann knows I love Bond movies, and that 'Goldfinger' is my favorite."

I looked in the drawer of the desk the boxes were sitting on, and found a gold plated letter opener. Carefully placing it inside the tiny sliver of an opening, I sliced the envelope open and peeked inside. There was a smaller envelope, along with several other papers inside. I pulled out the smaller envelope first, and it was addressed to "James" in Ann's handwriting. Opening it, I found a handwritten letter.

~*~*~*~*~*~

Dear James,

I trust your flight went well, and you had no issues getting to the hotel. I try my best to make your travel arrangements to suit you. I hope you're pleased with the car. Because of the urgency of this mission, Q wasn't able to get your Aston Martin on location in time to meet you, so I had to improvise. I also assume you found the itinerary provided with the car to your liking. I always try my best to please my favorite 00 agent. In fact, I would love the chance to please you personally, if you could find the time to fit me into your personal schedule.

There's been a last minute change to your cover, which is spelled out in the mission overview. This necessitated an alteration of the lodging arrangements. I apologize for your not having any notice, but I'm sure you covered it smoothly, like you always do. 

James, as you know I cannot go into the details in this note. But do be a gentleman. And please be careful. As you know only too well, often the most benign assignments can suddenly be filled with danger. Please be careful.

I'll await your return.

Your faithful servant,

Moneypenny 

~*~*~*~*~*~

I couldn't help but smile as I put the letter back in the envelope it came in and placed it on the desk. Looking back into the bigger envelope there was a red envelope that was regular sized. It was also marked 'Confidential', and 'For Your Eyes Only', both in bold black. The fact that it had a Bond film title on it told me that Ann was either more of a buff than she let on, or had really paid attention to detail. Or maybe she had some help with everything she was doing...who knew. What I did know was that Ann had not only put a lot of thought into it, she'd also put in a lot of effort and likely some money as well.

The envelope was marked with that day's date, and a 'case file' number. Opening the envelope carefully, there were a couple of papers...well, documents inside. The first was a letter.

It was more of a mission outline, supposedly written by 'M', Bond's boss in MI6. It outlined the scope and objectives of the mission.

~*~*~*~*~*~  

Confidential – For Your Eyes Only

File: 007-69

From: MI6 – SIS – 00 Division

To: James Bond – 007

Codename: Shenandoah

Mission Scope: Reconnaissance; Intelligence Gathering; Espionage

Mission Type: Deep Undercover

Mission Length: Short term initial contact, with a strong potential for long term undercover assignment.

Mission: Infiltrate an international manufacturing corporation that is believed to be a front for illegal activities, including counterfeiting, drug trafficking, and arms dealing. 

Initial intelligence reports indicate that the company is very well organized, and the illegal activities appear to be well conceived and are hidden deep within their organization. 

Mission Specifics: Your alias will be Neil Thomas, an up and coming production manager from rural Indiana. The corporation is looking for highly motivated, highly skilled professionals to lead production in a new manufacturing facility currently under construction in the Shenandoah Valley of West Virginia. It is to be the newest, most modern state of the art facility in their North American operations. Preliminary intelligence indicates this plant will be dangerous with regard to potential impact in the world community. 

We have been able to secure an extensive series of interviews with strategic corporate personnel hoping to hire Mr. Thomas as a manufacturing Supervisor. Your mission will be to research the companies needs quickly in these initial interviews, and portray yourself as the best fit for the position to establish a 'mole' inside their company. 

Initial contact should concentrate on familiarizing yourself with as much about the company as possible, and gaining the confidence of the corporate management staff. Do not be concerned with trying to determine the depths of the activities we believe to exist in the initial contact. With the ultimate goal of achieving a position with the company, an undercover stronghold will be gained, and that information will be forthcoming. 

MI6 has spent over six months trying to create a profile that would attract the hiring net the company is using to seek out their new management staff. This is our one and only real opportunity to get inside what appears to be a very intense and highly scrutinized personnel interviewing process. It is our belief that you will undergo analysis by their top personnel, and you will be required to take psychological and physical examinations by their staff. 

Study the alias personnel profile carefully. You need to know every detail of the persona our Z branch created, and in essence, you must become Neil Thomas before the interview. You've been chosen for this assignment because our top people in Z branch believe that you have the proper attributes required to successfully complete the mission. Due to the danger that may be involved, it was also determined that a 00 was necessary.
