 Not only did I not wake up in my dream where I'd left off the night before, I woke up a little disoriented from the phone ringing. 

"Hello," I said, answering in hopes of stopping the annoying noise it was making.

"Wake up call, Mr. Thomas. It's 7AM. Is there anything we can get you?" The sexy female voice on the other end of the phone was eager to please, but I knew instantly that it wasn't Tammy. 

"No thank you. Thanks for the call," I said with a groan.

"Very well, sir. Have a nice day."

I hung up, staring into the dark as I propped myself up on my elbows. Still disoriented, I tried to get my bearings. 

I'd hoped to find two naked babes in bed with me, engaged in some kind of sorted sexual behavior just as I'd left them the night before. Short of that, I'd at least expected to find one naked babe in bed with me, ready to engage in some kind of sorted sexual behavior with me. Instead, I woke up alone, and the only sorted sexual behavior I could consider would have been with myself. Even though I was hard as a rock and horny, I couldn't picture James Bond having to sink to a level where he'd have to make a play date with his hand.

I fell back onto the mattress, hoping to let my eyes adjust to the darkened room. They didn't have much time. The double doors burst open, flooding the room with sunlight from the open windows in the living room. Tina walked through with a silver tray carrying coffee and bagels. Knowing how to make a prefect entrance, she was wearing her new black heels, and nothing else. 

"Good morning, James. Did you sleep well?" she asked, still in character from our play acting the night before.

"Fine, I suppose. You?" 

"For what little sleep I got, yes. Here's some coffee and a bite to eat to get you going. I'm going to jump in the shower."

"Really, I was thinking about a different kind of jumping."

"If you're referring to me, you'll have to wait for that until after we complete our mission. We need to get going. It's already after 7 and we need to get on the road in an hour. I'll be out in a little bit so you can shower and get ready."

Tina didn't wait for me to ask any questions. She was in the bathroom, and the shower was running soon after the door closed. Resigned that she was right, I had some coffee and ate. I didn't like being on edge like that, as I found it hard to relax when I was erect. But I also wasn't going to cave in to the building pressure in my balls and jack off. Part of being a secret agent was enduring 'torture'. I'd just have to take the pain and suffering. Or, take a cold shower.

~*~*~*~*~*~

The suit that Ann had sent was amazing. I'd never been a 'suit' guy. I'd brought a sport coat and pants to wear, and I had a tie. But as I looked at myself in the mirror, I knew the jacket and tie look would have been a mistake. Ann certainly had a fashion sense, and not just for women. Not to sound conceited but I thought I looked fantastic as I checked myself out in the mirror. And that was a needed boost of confidence. I was heading into uncharted territory for me.

I'd never been on an actual interview before. Having gotten my job because my Dad was a Vice President in the company I'd always worked for, including my teenage years, there was no interview for the full time job I got when I got out of college. I needed a job; they hired me. In a town the size of the one I lived in, where everybody knows everybody, it was a pretty simple process. But going into an actual job interview, I'd totally underestimated the wardrobe factor.

Fortunately, Ann didn't. I don't know how she pulled it off, but I looked like James Bond on his finest day. Not tuxedo sharp, but definitely ZZ Top sharp dressed man sharp. 

As I walked out of the bathroom and headed toward the living quarters of the suite, I had and feeling of confidence wash over me I'd never felt before. I still wasn't a suit guy, but I could certainly see why wearing one could give you the feeling of power. 

I looked at Tina at the same time she eyed me as I walked into view. Her mouth dropped just like mine. Her red dress was spectacular. The fact that it was so skintight was the only reason that it even stayed on. Her magnificent boobs held the strapless top up, and the bottom came to mid thigh. She was about to strap on her holster, when she looked up to see me.

"You look gorgeous," I said, while she was saying, "Damn, you look hot!" We could have interchanged the sentences and they would have fit either way. We laughed at the fact we'd complimented each other at the same time, but it was true.

"Actually, you look hot!" I said, thinking her statement was better.

"And you look gorgeous. I think we better get going before I change my mind and we never get this mission started."

I took off my jacket long enough to put on my holster, and we headed to the car. I pulled Tina to me, grabbing her ass as I did. "Maybe it would be nice to do you in an elevator," I said, thinking of her comment from the day before.

Tina smiled and fondled my cock, which was pressed between us. "I'm game if you are." I wished we'd had the time to try.

~*~*~*~*~*~

We decided to drive with the top down, even though I had the interview. At first I'd lobbied against it, thinking it was a bad idea since I was actually pleased with how I looked, and I wanted to make a good impression. Tina asked why, and I mentioned my hair was the way I wanted it, and it didn't think it would recover from the trip. She laughed at my reasoning.

"I'm a hairdresser, James...remember? I think I can handle it." She didn't wait for an answer and lowered the top as she started the car.

It was nice that Tina drove. I was able to relax, and I didn't feel any less masculine because I was being driven by a beautiful girl. I'd seen Bond do it many times. He just made sure he was behind the wheel if there was any imminent danger about. And I loved the fact that I was still 'thinking' as Bond. Every move, every thought, was filtered through that lens, and it gave me a perspective that I'd never really appreciated even as a Bond fan.

It was a beautiful drive, and I remembered just how much I'd missed the mountains after moving away from the area all those years before. The character they gave to the skyline was amazing, and as we hit the peak of the one we needed to cross to begin our descent into the Shenandoah Valley, Tina's mouth opened.

"God...it's beautiful here," she said as she looked down on the countryside below. "Remind me to take a picture of this on the way back."

"Sure. Remind me to take advantage of you while you do," I said with a smile.

"You really are horny this morning, aren't you, James?"

"Yes, but that seems to happen when I ride around with a girl named Pussy. A man starts to crave it."

"Is that all you crave, James?" Tina said as she seductively licked her red full lips.

"That would depend. Is your middle name 'blowjob'?"

"Ha! Maybe...I'll tell you what. If we successfully complete this mission, I'll let you name my middle name anything you want."

"Why do we have to wait?" I asked as I put my hand on her thigh.

Tina slapped my hand away. "Behave, James. You need to focus right now. You've seen the training films. We each do our jobs, and after we're done, we get our reward. That's how it works. We're like dogs in heat, but we have to perform our tricks first."

"That's an interesting way to put it," I said, scratching my head as I thought about her odd analogy.

"It's true though. That's how they motivate us. We both know this is a stressful and dangerous job. There needs to be some kind of gold at the end of the rainbow for us to do what we do. And the best agents have our personality types. We're highly sexed. And that makes us better, because we have that intense edge to us. We can take a lot of intense physical abuse because we have that sexual energy that builds up inside us, waiting to be released."

"I've never thought of it that way." And I hadn't. But it actually sort of made sense.

"Well, now you know. So you'll just have to keep your gun in it's holster until we're done. Then you can pull it out and shoot on me or in me as many times as you can pull the trigger."

"You know, there ARE times where you see in the films that the agents have to release some of that tension before the end of the mission."

"Sure. And they usually end up captured in some way, or the girl ends up dead. So let's stick to the plan. I'll do what I have to do, you do your part...and then we'll meet up afterwards if we both make it through our part of the mission alive."

Tina was consistent, not only in putting me off, but also in her role-playing. She was really into being Pussy Galore. She hadn't slipped from character once that I could remember. Resigned that I wasn't going to get any immediate relief, I leaned back and enjoyed the panoramic views as we drove to our destination.

~*~*~*~*~*~

The map we were given at the travel agency was extremely accurate, and we pulled into the strip mall that housed the temporary headquarters of the new manufacturing facility. Still, for a moment I thought we were in the wrong place. Finally, Tina noticed the very small sign in one of the windows; there was no fanfare out front to indicate the place was even there. 

Tina said, "Man, you'd miss it if you weren't specifically looking for it." That made me wonder how many potential interviewees missed their appointments, or ended up being late because they couldn't find the place.

Tina had parked at the far end of the parking lot, away from the entrance to the office. She opened her purse, and got out a brush and a comb. "Turn your back to me, and slouch down a little," she said as she went to work on my head. In a couple of minutes, I looked light years better than what I thought was my best when I left the hotel.

"You are amazing," I said as I went to hug her.

"Not here. Someone may be looking. I'm your stepsister...remember our cover. Now, go win that job, James. What time am I picking you up?"

"They said four o'clock. It's supposed to go from ten to four."

"Okay, I'll be here a little before four, in case you get done early. Good Luck 007!"

I got out and Tina took off, camera at the ready to go explore the area for Ann. I took a deep breath and headed down the sidewalk. I reminded myself of who I was, and why I was there. And it wasn't Neil Thomas. I was James Bond, playing Neil Thomas. That actually gave me a little boost of adrenaline. I took another deep breath just before I opened the door, and walked in to see the cute receptionist sitting there.

"Hello. How can I help you?"

My thoughts ran to Ann, telling me to think like Bond. I tried to think about what he'd say.

"Actually, I was wondering about asking you that question, but I suppose that would be inappropriate. My name's Thomas. Neil Thomas."

She blushed a little, but she stood up and stuck out her hand. "I'm Carol. Pleased to meet you Mr. Thomas." 

"Please, call me Neil," I said as I took it and kissed the back of her hand, against my normal better judgement. It was something I never would have done as myself. But Bond, he would have done it. Well, he might have done it. It was risky, but Ann had orchestrated everything to this point for a reason. Something told me that this was her way of making me relax...and for whatever reason, it was working. 

Carol put other her hand over her larger than normal chest and said, "Oh...God" under her breath.

"I'm here for..."

Carol cut me off. "For your interview. Yes, we've been expecting you. Please have a seat, and I'll get Mr. Evans."

"And Mr. Evans would be?" I asked.

"My boss. He's the Vice President of the new plant, so everything you see here is his baby. I'm his Executive Secretary. At least I will be. Right now I do a little bit of everything."

"Everything, eh. So, you're saying you're his baby, too?"

"Ha! Hardly...not my type," Carol said, being more open than I thought she would be. And fromt he look on her face, she realized just how far over the line she may have stepped herself.

"Really. And just what would your type be?"

"Mr. Thomas..."

Carol was going to enlighten me, but when she said my name again, I jumped in and said, "I'm your type? That's interesting."

"I didn't say that."

"Sure you did, Carol. I asked what your type was, and you said 'Mr. Thomas'. But again, you can call me Neil."

"That's not what I meant. I was about to say something and you cut me off."

"So, I'm not your type then."

Carol smiled and said, "I thought I read in your file that you're engaged."

"Reading my file...that's interesting too. And yes, I am."

"And what would your fiancée say about what you're doing right now?"

"What am I doing?"

"Unless I'm mistaken, you're flirting with me. So, what would she say about that?"

I was at a point were I was in too deep to stop. When you play poker, you know that eventually you're going to get a hand at a crucial point that makes you make that tough, split second decision. The one where you either fold, or you bluff. I didn't know how to contact Ann if I'd wanted to. She'd never given me her numbers, for whatever reason. And it had worked for us to that point. But now I had to decide. I was either going to be Bond, or I was going to come clean. Thinking as Bond, there was really only one choice. So I bluffed.

I picked up the phone on her desk and said, "Let's find out. I'm not sure exactly what she'd say, but I have a pretty good idea. How do I get an outside line?"

Carol panicked and put her finger on the phone, cutting it off. "What are you doing?"

"Calling my fiancée. You wanted to know what she'd say, right?"

"Are you serious?"

"You don't think that's a good idea?"

"I'm not sure what to think," she said as she took the receiver from me and put it back in the cradle on the phone.

"Well, maybe you're right. It is pretty early in California. She might have been up late last night."

Carol stood there, just looking at me, trying to get a read. She was silent, almost like she was trying to build tension between us. But I didn't bite. Copying a move I'd seen Bond do a million times, I sat on the corner of her desk, trying to look cool and casual. I grabbed her left arm gently, and pulled her hand to mine. Playing with her fingers, I felt that there was no ring, engagement or wedding, as I looked her in the eyes. They were deep and very green, going perfectly against her long shiny brown hair.

"So, what's your type, Carol?"

Trying desperately to change the subject, she asked, "What kind of man hits on a woman when he's about to get married soon."

"The kind that's about to marry a woman so amazing that she not only accepts this kind of behavior, she encourages it."

"You're saying that she...what! She wants you to do this?"

"She's from California, Carol. She's a little more progressive in her thinking than you might be used to here. And I have to tell you, if she were here and she got a good look at you, I might not be the only one hitting on you."

"What? She's..." she said, but her voice trailed off, unable to say it.

I finished her thought, saying "Bisexual? Maybe...but I doubt it. I think it's more likely she's just Bi-curious. But I think you'd be the kind of woman that would get her excited enough for us to find out just how curious she really is."

Carol opened her mouth to say something, but could only grin. That and the twinkle in her eyes gave away her real reaction to our exchange. She wasn't upset, or embarrassed. She was intrigued. When she finally thought of a response, she was interrupted before she could say anything. A short, pudgy man with a very accentuated southern accent strolled up to the desk.

"Carol, is our interview here yet?"

"Uh, yes, Mr. Evans. This is Mr. Thomas. He's..."

"Well why is he still here? It's already well after ten. You know we have a tight time table on these interviews!"

I glanced at Carol's nameplate on the desk as I stood up and stuck out my hand. "Neil Thomas, Mr. Evans. And I apologize...it's my fault I kept Miss Shade from doing her job. I was trying to get the feel of a woman. I need a woman's perspective on the area. And Miss Shade is quite a woman...she seems to be the kind of girl my fiancée would really love to get to know very well. You have great taste, sir."

"What do you mean by that?" he said, pulling his pants up by his belt and sticking his stomach out a little in a huff. 

"You can tell a lot about a man by who he chooses to represent his company when they first walk in, or who they select as their personal secretary. If I may say so, you made a very smart choice sir. Like I said, you have great taste."

His demeanor changed, and he let down his guard. He grabbed my hand and gave me a strong handshake, which I returned. "Thank you, Neil. I'm sorry I got a little gruff there. I'm Andy Evans. And yes, Carol is a wonderful asset to the company."

"I can see that," I said as I looked down at Carol's long toned legs. Her short skirt giving me plenty to look at.

Evans didn't notice me gawking. He continued his rambling. "I don't know what I'd do without her, actually. Or course, she's not going to be at the front desk at the plant. We're rotating people here for now...we haven't hired the receptionist position yet. Carol usually works the mornings. Then she works under me in the afternoon." 

I smirked at Carol at his strange choice of words. "Interesting. I always wondered what it would be like to have a woman like Miss Shade working under me. I bet she's amazing," I said as I winked at her. 

"She is. She's on top of everything I give her to do."

I grinned wider as I glanced at Carol, whose eyes grew wide. She started to blush a little.

"I'm sure she is, sir," I said looking back at him.

"So you say you need a woman's perspective?"

"Yes Sir. I'm sure I'm putting the cart before the horse here. But if I'm going to come work here, I need to make sure this is a place where my fiancée would want to live. I want her to be at home and feel comfortable, and I'm a little concerned there might be a culture shock with her living in California the last 10 years. So, I need to get the ins and outs of a local woman and find out more about area."

Carol choked back a laugh, almost snorting. But her jaw dropped when Evans said, "That makes a lot of sense. I'm surprised more of the people we've interviewed haven't thought like that. I'll see what we can to do help you with that. In the meantime, let's get started." 

"Yes sir," I said as I gave Carol another wink as I walked away with Mr. Evans. 

She seemed shell shocked, standing frozen in place. I giggled to myself at the impact of what I'd done. I knew it wouldn't amount to anything at all, but Bond had a way of leaving women wanting. I hoped I'd done that with Carol. I assumed she wasn't married, or engaged, because she wasn't wearing a ring. Then I realized I'd never given one to Ann, and a chill ran through my body. 

I'd asked her to marry me in such a whirlwind rush I didn't have one to give her on that amazing night. And she flew back to the West Coast the next morning, so there wasn't a chance to get her one. I still felt I was right about Carol, but it did plant a little seed of doubt in my head. And I was kicking myself about Ann. "I can't believe you haven't done anything about getting her a ring. God...what a dumbass!" I said to myself as Evans took me into a conference room.

All of those thoughts went away when Evans introduced me to Mr. White.

~*~*~*~*~*~

Jim White was the HR director, and I spent the next hour with him in an interview that could best be described as thorough and invasive. It was far more personal than I had expected. But I had the right mindset, and I was brimming with confidence. My answers came quick and easy. I was engaged in the process, and I felt I came across as knowledgeable, intelligent and good humored. I had him laughing off and on throughout the meeting, and the hour passed quickly. 
