 The cold splash of water in my face felt good against my skin. Looking at the reflection in the mirror, I saw a slightly dazed and concerned look staring back at me...not the usual shit eating grin I would normally see after an incredible sexual encounter. I looked down at my cock, which was still rock hard, and still tingling.

"How long is THAT going to last?" I said to myself as I watched some cum seep out of the tiny hole in the head. The veins were still pumping life into the shaft, matching my heartbeat...which was still racing. I took a deep breath and brought another handful of cold water to my face, letting it run down my body. Inspired by the refreshing feeling, I took another handful and splashed it directly onto my cock and balls. It shocked my system enough that there was almost an immediate change in my loin. A minute later, my erection had subsided enough that I could at least consider getting dressed.

My eyes returned to the mirror, and the face in the reflection really hadn't changed. As I was known to do occasionally, I started lecturing myself. "What the fuck were you thinking, Thomas!" I said under my breath, admonishing myself for what I'd just done. "It's because you weren't thinking like Thomas...you were thinking like Bond!" I said, answering my own question.

I had just had sex with Carol, the Executive Secretary of the company I was interviewing with. Incredible sex, heighted by the moment and the mystery substance nurse Martina had rubbed on my cock and balls. And by fucking Carol, I might have just royally fucked up in the process. The idea that I might have just fucked my way to a new a job was the feeling that had been silently gnawing at me. I couldn't figure out what it was at the time...I just knew something wasn't right. But the actual reason didn't come to me until I'd finished depositing a full load of cum into her hot pussy, which meant it obviously was WAY too late. 

From a career path perspective, and for my own personal growth, I really wanted the job. But I wanted it on my own merits. I'd lamented for years that I'd always been viewed as being successful not because I was good at my job, but because of my father and his title of Vice President. Now, I was staring at the reflection of a man that may have gotten a new job because his cock was fat...and he'd fucked the company's Executive Secretary with it. 

I had cursed nepotism before. Now I was cursing heredity...namely, my father's fat dick. "Why couldn't I just have done the interview, and taken my chances?" I said once again, looking in the mirror. 

The answer was Ann...and at least that thought made me smile. I shook my head as I smiled, still talking to myself, and to the love of my life, who was with me in spirit. "I do love you Ann," I said as I grabbed my pants and pulled them on over my half-hard cock. "Well...you wanted me to behave like Bond. Let's just hope it doesn't backfire on us now." 

~*~*~*~*~*~

Walking out of the bathroom, I was putting my suit jacket back on, covering my holster. Carol was standing next to the exam table, still topless; her full tits sitting up, begging to be admired. She held her ripped blouse in her left hand and her bra in her right. She'd fixed her makeup, and re-done her hair, but she still looked out of sorts.

"Can you give me a hand? I have a little problem," Carol said as she turned around. Her back was covered with wet paper. I glanced at the exam table, and saw that Carol had left it dampened with our sweat...mostly hers. When she'd gotten up, the paper stuck to her skin. She'd gotten some of it, but there was a lot she couldn't reach. As I pulled the pieces off of her back, Carol stared at the ruined blouse in her hand. 

"You know, it was so hot when you ripped this off of me, but now it seems pretty stupid on my part."

"Your part? I'm the one that did it," I said, taking ownership.

"I wanted you to. And you knew it."

"Maybe. But that's no excuse. I'll buy you a new one on the way back to the office."

Carol turned and pulled me to her, kissing me aggressively. "No. I'm thinking your fiancée would just accept it and go without. Besides, I'm only being practical. A blouse would just get in the way, right?" she said as she winked at me. 

Carol put on her bra, but she threw her blouse in the trash, along with all the wet paper I'd taken off her back, putting it in the standard issue trash can that one would find in an exam room. She put on her blazer and buttoned it. 

"So, what do you think?"

"You look sexy. But then again, you did before."

"That's sweet. Do you think anyone will notice?"

"Yes. But no one will have the guts to ask."

"That's what I'm thinking. Let's go."

We opened the door and walked down the hallway. Martina was sitting at the nurses' station, reading an employee manual from the company I was interviewing with. I arched my eyebrow when I caught the title on the spine of the notebook.

"I'm going to be the company nurse, Mr. Thomas. I'm still working here until the plant is up and running."

"I see...so this little thing was planned all along."

Carol laughed. "No, it was just a convenient stroke of luck that Andy let me bring you. And that I know Martina."

"Know me. If it wasn't for you, I never would have gotten the job," she said. Turning to me, Martina said, "She really has a lot of pull down there. I'm still trying to figure out how."

That comment told me in no uncertain terms that Carol hadn't been bullshitting me. She really might be able to say the word to Evans and I'd get hired. That left me with mixed emotions. I wanted the job, badly. But I really needed to know in my heart that I was good enough at the job to get it on my own...not because of how I fucked. My mind was mush as I wrestled with what to do.

I thanked Martina, particularly for the use of whatever it was she'd put on me. I'm not sure I'd want that on me all the time, but it was hard to deny that it really had a positive effect on the experience. 

"Good luck, Mr. Thomas. I hope to see you again some time."

"Well, I doubt you'll get a better view than the one you got today."

"True. But I meant what I said...some are more impressive than others. I'll remember what that thing felt like in my hand for quite a while."

I had a little laugh, which kind of got stuck in my throat. Carol laughed and said, "You should feel it in other places, Martina. I feel like I just won the lottery!"

~*~*~*~*~*~

"So Martina owes her job to you?" I said to Carol as she drove us back toward the temporary office where she worked.

"Ha! I guess. I never really looked at it that way. I just got them to see past the image issue and look at how good of a nurse she really is."

"Image issue? What are you talking about?"

"She's engaged to a black guy."

"So."

"Well, I don't know how things are in Indiana. Or in California, for that matter. But this is West Virginia. Interracial marriages are not a dime a dozen. In fact, they're almost unheard of here."

"And that's an 'image' problem?"

"In a lot of peoples' eyes, absolutely. There are an awful lot of people here that are still fighting the war...at least in their heads."

"War...what war?" 

"The Civil war, silly."

"You've got to be kidding."

She wasn't. I just hoped things were different. I'd lived within an hour, in Northern Virginia, for years. And there were racial issues there when I was growing up, like everywhere. But I'd been raised in a way that I never saw life as black and white. There were people that were my friends, and people that weren't friends. Color never factored in, at least for me and my family. But I wasn't naïve enough to think that there were no issues, because there were. I remembered friends of mine telling me what they had to endure. It was hard to accept at the time, but it was even harder to believe that things weren't better in the 13 plus years since I'd moved back to the Midwest. 

"So, you're saying that she's harassed because she's going to marry someone that's black?"

"Harassed? No. It's a lot more subtle than that. But, there are a lot of less qualified nurses that have gotten better jobs, or better hours than Martina. And while you can't prove anything, there's no doubt that's the reason. She's been stuck on third shift for two years since she got engaged, while nurses with less ability and qualifications got moved to a better one. That's one of the reasons they haven't gotten married yet...fear that things might get worse."

"How much worse can they be?"

"They could give her all the bad shifts, like holiday's and weekends." I shook my head in disbelief. Carol nodded and said, "I know. That's why I did what I did. I've known Martina all my life. Our families grew up together. I called her as soon as I found out the plant was going to have a full time nurse on staff, and even then it took me three weeks to convince her to apply. She said she'd never make it through the interview. And the truth is, she didn't. She was so beat down mentally over all this that she interviewed horribly. So I cashed in a chip and played it."

"What's that mean?"

"It means I chose the name Holly Goodhead for a reason, Mr. Bond."

"You didn't!"

"Yeah...I did, but just the one time. And that not only got Martina hired, it gave me power. Evans is soooo putty in my little hands now. God, you would think I sucked his brain out through his little dick."

"Maybe you did. You're pretty good."

"Pretty good! I'm fucking great! And you know it."

I smiled. "Not exactly modest about it, are you?"

"So I take pride in how I suck cock. Is there anything wrong with that?"

"Did you get your job that way?" I asked, knowing before I said it the kind of response I was going to get. I braced for it.

Carol looked at me, and reached across the car and slapped me. "I can't believe you said that. Of course I didn't! I may NOT help you after a comment like that."

"That's why I said it," I said as I rubbed my cheek, feeling the sting.

"Excuse me? You deliberately tried to piss me off? Why would you do that after what we just did back there?"

"Actually, it's BECAUSE of what we did back there, although I wasn't trying to piss you off."

"What are you talking about, James?" Carol said, rolling her eyes at me. I loved the fact that she continued to play our game, even though she was angry. The more we called each other our character, the more comfortable we got it doing it again, and in believing it. But I was at a moment where I had to get her to understand that there was a real life scenario behind the charade we were having so much fun portraying.

"You got your job based on your abilities...and not the one with your mouth. Right?"

"I just said that!

"I know you did."

"So...you WANT me to slap you again?" 

"No. But I assume then, that no other sexual skill helped either, right?"

Carol reached up to slap me once more, but I caught her wrist and held it tightly, almost causing her to swerve. 

"You bastard!" she said, cursing at my inference.

"Holly, calm down. I know you didn't. But I also know you don't like the idea that anyone might think that you did. Am I right?"

"Damn straight!" she snapped.

"So you can understand why I would ask you not to do anything for me like you did for Martina to help me get a job."

"What? Why?"

"Because it's important to me. I need to know that if I get it, it's because I'm qualified. I already have some concerns about being in over my head. I need to do this on my own. If I'm good enough, then I'll know it. But if I got it because of you doing something on my behalf, I'm always going to wonder if I'm cut out for this. And I can't do the job if I think I'm not qualified."

"But I can pretty much guarantee you a job...isn't that what you want?"

"Only if I earned it. Only if I'm the most qualified. I need to be able to look myself in the mirror every day and know I have what it takes, and that they believe in me. Does that make any sense?"

Carol focused on the road, thinking about what I'd said. I could see she was puzzled by it at first. 

"So, what was that back there?" she said, staring straight ahead.

"What do you mean?"

"Didn't you fuck me to get a job? Isn't that what this 'mission' you're on is all about?"

I let out a little laugh, but Carol looked at me. I could see the bewilderment in her eyes. She was scared. Scared that SHE made the mistake. I offered up a soft smile, and said, "Not to me. I mean, it's all a part of my 'mission' to get the job, but I have to do it the right way. There can't be any ties back to you. I've had girls try to do that, and they get killed by crossing lines they shouldn't. One got painted gold."

Carol smiled, even though she didn't look at me. "So, you're just trying to protect me now."

"Yes. And to help you, too. I think that's important, even if I don't get the job."

"Help me?"

I wanted...actually I needed Carol to know that there was more to what we'd done than me getting a job. In fact, the only reason I fucked her at all wasn't because of the job. It was because of what she'd been through...what we'd both been through. That kindred connection we unfortunately shared.

"Like I told you at the restaurant...I've been where you are in your life, and I know how much it hurts sometimes. And I know that eventually, you need to get past that big hurdle that keeps you from moving on. To literally give yourself to someone, because you need to feel that special feeling you can only get from sex...and yet you pray you don't get hurt. You just needed to fuck someone you could trust. Someone you know would never hurt you. Fuck them, just for the sake of fucking them...to help yourself. You needed to get past your past, and heal yourself. And that's why I did it. I could see myself in your eyes." 

Carol slowly nodded her head as she thought about what I said; a soft smile creeping onto her face I could tell she understood where I was coming from in the way she looked at me. But instead of addressing her personal plight anymore, she drifted right back into character. "I think I understand. On the one hand you have to get the job as Mr. Thomas in order for your identity to remain secret. But now I'm in on the secret now, so you have to distance yourself to protect me."

I laughed and said, "I suppose...in a manner of speaking, yes."

"Great. So you got a piece of ass, and I got fucked...twice."

"What do you mean twice?"

"Once at the hospital...and you're fucking me over now."

I got nervous, thinking that Carol had totally misunderstood what I meant. "Holly...you need to know if I fucked you to get a job, then I'm no different than the jerk of an ex that hurt you. I'd just be using you...and I'm not like that."

"Relax James. I'm kidding. I understand...and I'm grateful. I really did need to fuck someone. I was worried when I eventually did, I'd feel guilty. But you make me feel good about myself."

"Good...then mission accomplished."

"Not yet. You still need to win that job."

"I meant what I said. I..."

Carol put up her hand, and grinned. "I promise I won't interfere with the hire. But that doesn't mean I can't still help you too."

"Look, I don't want you to put yourself into any position where you might get hurt."

"You just had me bent over backward with my knees near my ears, fucking me with a cock as thick as my wrist. I think we're a little past that, don't you?"

I laughed and said, "You have a point. But you know what I mean."

"I can take care myself, James," Carol said as she slanted her eyes and gave me a stern glance. 

"Okay...so what are you talking about?" I asked.

"I meant what I said. I want a date with you and Ann," she said with a smirk.

"And?"

"And...if you get the job, I'll negotiate your salary and benefits for you."

"What? What does that mean?"

"You'll still get the job on your own. I'll just be helping you get the most you can get to start your new life here."

Now that was something to consider. I wouldn't have to feel guilty about it, since I would win the job based on my abilities. Would it be morally questionable for me to take advantage of Carol's influence AFTER I'd secured a position with the company? I couldn't think of a reason, other than I still couldn't speak for Ann. But this also bought me some time.

"How about this? If I'm fortunate enough to get hired, we talk. That will give me time to talk to Ann, and then we can figure it out from there."

Carol nodded and said, "I'm okay with that...but you better talk to her, because I think you're going to get the job."

"What makes you say that?" I asked, stunned that she would say something like that. 

Carol grinned. "Because I've seen all of the people they've brought in for this position, and you're the most impressive...by far. And there's only a couple more they have scheduled to interview...and they have less qualifications than you do."

"So what are you saying?"

"I'm saying, you may not have the technical background of the equipment that some of the other candidates have, or the three they've hired already. But you're light years ahead of them in people skills. And that's the area they're looking for...they don't have anyone that can hire people, or manage people. In fact, I think they hired the other three guys to teach people how to run the equipment. They're more like operators than managers. What you don't know, you'll learn. What they don't know, they don't have the capacity to grasp. If they did, they would have already. Trust me...you'll be here long after they're gone."

"You sound pretty sure of yourself." 

"I am. And I'm that confident in you. They're looking to hire one more manager before the first of the year to start up. Then they'll bring on two more sometime next year. There will be two managers on a shift for your department. But they need one to hire the work force, and they don't trust the ones they have. You can do this."

"Fine. Just don't tell your boss that."

"I have to. I'm supposed to be interviewing you, remember. I just won't go that extra bit to make it a lock. Look, I know you don't want me doing anything to influence this unfairly, but I'm also not going to hurt the company by ignoring the fact that you really are the best candidate for the job."

"How would you know all of that? You've only been with me. You didn't get to interview them."

"Well, true...I haven't been with them like I've been with you. And I'm not talking about what we just did back at the hospital. But I did interview them in my own way. I was the one that they met at the front desk, just like I met you. And they say way more truthful stuff there than they do in the interview. It's funny how people seem less guarded because they're just talking to the receptionist. That and they're nervous, so they sometimes talk when they shouldn't. I can tell you the strengths and weaknesses of every one."

"Really. How?"

"Psychology major. I know how to read people. Although you've fooled me in a couple of things...I may have to re-read a couple of chapters. I never thought I'd fall for your spiel. There's just something about you."

"Charm."

"Yeah...that must be it," Carol laughed as she drove us into the parking lot of the temporary office.

~*~*~*~*~*~

As soon as I was inside, Mr. White whisked me into an office. Before I could even get my bearings, I was introduced to a guy named Pete, and he began what I could only describe as an interrogation. 

He was a department superintendent, but not of the one I was interviewing for. His was going to run the one that was upstream in the production process from where I'd be working if I got the job. And he let me know it, in no uncertain terms. He grilled me on lots of details that had nothing to do with what my job would be. 
