 I had no idea what time it was. Probably because I didn't know where I was, exactly. I knew I was with Ann. And I knew I was in her friend Sonya's house. Actually, I was in Sonya's bed. But I usually had a better geographical gyroscope than I was currently experiencing. With Sonya driving us to her home from the airport, and me being in the back seat with Ann, I hadn't paid attention to where we were going. I was too busy just being with Ann. 

Other than being in Northern California, I was at a loss. I didn't know the town I was in. I didn't know the county I was in. I didn't even know which way was North, and that rarely ever happened to me. I always knew that kind of stuff. I didn't really need to know it. For whatever reason, I just always did, like it was some kind of extra sense I had. At least, that's what I thought. But now that I didn't know, for the first time in what seemed like forever, I had an overwhelming feeling that was really odd. I felt a little lost.

I was also lost between time zones. At least, my body was. I wasn't in the Eastern Time zone any longer, and I hadn't seemed to arrive in the Pacific yet. I was somewhere between Eastern and Pacific...maybe it was the Eapific. At least, that sounded better to me than being on Peastern time. Actually, I felt like I was stuck in a time and space continuum, and suddenly the existence of a Twilight Zone didn't seem like such a far-fetched scenario. I wondered how long it would take me to adjust to wherever I was. 

So there I was, lost in Northern California, and lost in thought. Most importantly, I was lost with Ann. At least that's how I was looking at it. And it would have been just fine with me if we stayed lost together forever. 

I was laying there in Sonya's huge king sized bed, next to a totally exhausted Ann. We had fallen asleep soon after we'd spent another hour or so making love to each other. I'm not sure how long we'd been asleep. It seemed like a long time, yet I could still taste Ann on my lips. Then again, that might have had something to do with just how much she came while I was eating her.

~*~*~*~*~*~

The bed in Sonya's room was already turned down when we entered the room. I hadn't noticed that when we dropped off my luggage during the little tour Ann gave me. The sheets were a burgundy satin, the rich color playing seductively against the earthy tones of the Southwestern motif of. There were a lot of dark woods, and sunset types of hues in the room. There was even a large potted cactus in the corner. I hadn't seen any of those things...I was so focused on Ann that I realized I'd gotten a tour without paying all that much attention to what I was being shown. I was too excited about who was showing it.

Ann crawled up on the bed, moving on her hands and knees toward the very center of the large mattress. When she reached the headboard, she plopped down and curled up on her side like a sexy feline, one leg on top of the other, practically purring as I watched her. She had purposefully positioned her body so that she was giving me a perfect view of her ass, her beautiful bald pussy winking at me between her legs; her well used asshole still gaping slightly from my cock violating it and taking its virginity. 

"See anything else you like?" Ann asked as she watched me stare at her backside. I couldn't help but think about the conversation we had had moments before, as she led me by my cock from the bathroom towards Sonya's bedroom. She'd just asked me what I was looking at that made my cock jump in her hand. I'd told her that I couldn't believe we'd just had anal sex. Actually, I was a lot more blunt than that. I'd said that I couldn't believe she let me fuck her in that fine ass of hers. And she responded by telling me that it was my ass, because she belonged to me. 

That thought was prevalent in my mind when Ann asked me if I saw anything else that I liked. I smiled and said, "That would depend. Is it just your ass that belongs to me? I'm just wondering if I'm limited to that."

Ann laughed. "Well, that was the last bit of unclaimed territory I have, babe. So if you're looking to plant that big flag of yours somewhere else where no one has ever been, I'm afraid I can't help you."

"That's not what I meant, and you know it," I grinned. 

"I know, baby. And you should know that everything you see belongs to you. The one thing I feared, you just helped me get past. So, tell me what you want and it's yours."

"You first," I said as I moved slowly toward the bed.

"What do you mean?"

"I mean, you just totally gave yourself to me, babe. You said it...you were afraid, but you did it for me anyway. So, it's my turn to give back. Tell me how I can do that for you."

Ann flipped over onto her back, and slowly spread her legs for me. She didn't hesitate once I offered. "Eat my pussy, baby. I've dreamed of that magic tongue of yours every day since I left. Please..."

I crawled up between Ann's legs, kissing her, using that tongue she'd had dreams about to search her mouth for her tongue. Pulling back, I smiled. "You don't have to beg for me to eat you, Ann. I've been dreaming about this just as much as you have."

As good as Ann had tasted when I'd sucked on her fingers in the shower after she'd fingered herself, tasting her directly from the source was so much more wonderful. Although, I was a little worried about being out of practice. It had been a while since I'd pleasured a woman orally, and it was even longer since I'd been with Ann. And I had set a certain standard that she expected. With Ann looking forward to it the way she was, I didn't want to disappoint her.

Having already spent so much time abusing her tits and nipples earlier, I skipped the temptation of starting there and moved back down between her legs. My hot breath caused Ann to moan, her ass squirming against the fitted silk sheet. She pulled her legs up, her feet sliding along the mattress until she lifted them into the air; her ass rotating up so that it was at a better angle for me to suck on her wet slit. I placed my hands on the back of her thighs, forcing them even higher and wider, lewdly spreading Ann open for me.

I sighed as my eyes were drawn to her ass. It was still slightly open from my fucking it in the shower, and I couldn't help myself. I know, no matter how much she'd practiced with her dildo...actually having anal sex with me had to have hurt, at least a little. And yet, Ann seemed to love that I fucked her ass. I wanted her to know how much I loved her for what she'd done for me. So, I started there.

Licking around the rim, Ann shook and let out a low, guttural mewl that started from deep inside her belly. She started panting almost at once, and I knew I was starting down the right path. By the time I stuck my tongue deep inside that forbidden place, Ann was running her hands through my hair, trying desperately to pull me just a little farther north on her body. I grabbed her wrists, and she knew not to force the issue. We had already fucked. I wanted to savor this...I wasn't about to rush through it. I wanted to make love to her, starting with my mouth.

I spent a lot longer than she wanted loving around her rear entrance. But it was having the intended effect I'd hoped for. Ann was going crazy with desire. She knew it was only going to get better, but she was impatient. And yet, I took my time. 

By the time I finally moved to her outer labia, Ann's breathing was so short and shallow that I thought she might hyperventilate. When I took one of her protruding lips into my mouth and bit at it, pulling it slightly away from her crotch, Ann let out a gasp. Her back arched in a quick motion.

"Oh yes...please. Suck my pussy baby!"

I toyed with her, licking and sucking and nibbling around her dripping hole, making her squirm. I looked up between her legs to see her pulling at her nipples, much more violently than I had done before. Sweat was forming on the bottom of her breasts, making a little pool form as it rolled toward her hollowed stomach.

I loved teasing Ann. It was like playing a fine instrument, seeing how I could make different sounds by how I touched her. And the music she was making was like a symphony to my ears. The more I drew out the length of the foreplay, the more Ann spoke through her whines and moans. It was melodic, more than I'm sure she ever realized. I made a mental note to find a way to record those sounds someday. I knew I likely would never see that thought through, but it amused me that I even thought of it in the first place.

When Ann's moaning started to change from anticipation to desperation, I knew it was time. I ran my tongue up through her open slit, digging it in deep as I went from near her ass toward her exposed clit. Her hips jumped up, ramming my chin into her pubic bone, and she let out a little scream. 

Jamming two fingers of my right hand into her open ass, I also stuck my thumb into her pussy, pinching them together as I moved them in and out. Ann screamed so loud I actually was concerned about the neighbors calling the police. When I sucked her clit into my mouth and flicked at her clit, Ann came. She had enough presence of mind to cover her head with a pillow at that point, because her screaming only got louder. 

Ann covered my face with her sweet, sticky cum, and I swallowed what I could. A wet flow trailed from her quivering pussy down her ass, covering my fingers as I worked in and out of the new playground I was fucking with my hand. Slowing my motions, and pulling my face up from the mess I'd made, I waited for Ann to recover. I could have watched her amazing tits rise and fall with her heavy breathing the rest of the night. 

Finally, she threw the pillow off the bed, shaking her head from side to side as she panted. "I thought I was ready for this," she said softly.

"Ready for what?" I asked. 

"God I've dreamed about you eating me, Neil. And I thought I was prepared for the sweet torture you always seem to put me through. But what I remember and what you just did...I don't know how you know exactly what I need exactly when I need it, baby. But I love what you do to me, and sometimes...it scares me."

"I scare you?" I said, pulling my hand from her holes, licking my fingers as I made my way up her body to lie next to her.

"Yes...see. Look at you. You're fucking gorgeous, and you do such sexy things all the time. I can't believe you're sucking your fingers after doing that."

"Why not? You sucked my cock after it had been in your ass. So I know you're clean. And you're changing the subject."

"What's that supposed to mean?"

"It means you said I scare you, and the answer you gave me is a load of crap," I said with a laugh. "What did you mean by me scaring you?"

"THAT!"

"That...what? What are you trying to say?"

"You seem like you know everything I'm thinking, and you know what I want and need before I do. It's a little frightening," Ann said, acting shy all of a sudden.

"Ann, what's going on?"

"I'm worried."

"About what, babe?"

"I...I'm worried that you'll find me boring now that we're going to be together everyday."

I almost laughed. But I knew better. Ann was actually being serious. "Sweetheart, I know what you're thinking...and..."

"See. I TOLD you! You ALWAYS know what I'm thinking!"

"No...I don't. I just happen to know right now. Look, it's natural to be a little worried. We got into this relationship really fast, and now that it's real...now that we're going to be together for the rest of our lives, it seems scary. I'm scared too."

"You are?"

"Sure. I already have one failed marriage. And even thought that one wasn't my fault, I don't want to have another one that is. Which means I have to work at it...we both do. And I know we will, because we're committed to each other."

"Neil, I love you...I do. With all my heart. I just feel so out of sorts right now."

"So do I. We've both had really unusual days today."

"What do you mean?" she said, her brow furrowed.

"Well, take me, for instance. I got a package full of papers describing a new job that's going to help us start our life together, I signed the paperwork, then said goodbye to my parents...and yours! Then I went back to work and I won the biggest contract my department has ever seen; which of course, got me the promotion and the raise I've felt I deserved for over two years. So obviously, I'm so elated about that, it's only natural that I quit my job. Then I got on an airplane and flew across the country, asked my fiancée to marry me again, and then she deepthroated me like a porn star right before she let me fuck her ass for the first time in her life. So, tell me, Ann...what did YOU do today?"

Ann smiled, realizing that she wasn't the only one that was living a whirlwind life. "Well, let's see, baby. I got up and mailed three more packages of stuff to my parents, packed up an overnight bag for tonight and called my aunt to tell her we'd be coming over tomorrow for dinner. Then I went to work and had my District Manager try to talk me into staying on another month, for like the hundredth time, and I had to tell her to stick it up her ass. After that crap, I worked a 10-hour day, lived through a surprise party my girls threw for me at the store, and then I cried all the way out of the mall and half way to Sonya's. So naturally, she helped me get over all of that by helping to give me an enema...because I'm still learning how to give them to myself. Then, I practiced my blowjob and anal techniques one more time with Antonio before I got ready. After that, it was simple. I had my hunk of a fiancée ask me to marry him, complete with a ring this time...and then I sucked his cock all the way down my throat before I let him fuck my ass with this big, fat cock." Ann said that last part as she squeezed my hard shaft.

We both started laughing, and I hugged her. "You see, Ann, it's been a full day. And I'm thinking you kind of glossed over how much leaving a job you love is affecting you. This was your last day, and instead of taking the time to come to grips with that, you had to get ready for me. That's a lot to handle."

"And that only means that you know me better than I know myself, which was my point to begin with."

"No...your point was you're scared. And like I said, so am I. Hell, your unemployed, and I'm kind of between jobs...there's a lot to be sacred about. But it's a lot easier to be scared when you have someone to go through it with. Don't you think?"

Ann kissed me and said, "Yes. It definitely is." She pushed me over onto my back and flipped herself around. Taking my cock into her mouth, she licked the head again, swirling her tongue around it. I tried to pull her torso over so I could eat her again, but Ann stopped me. "I want you to enjoy this, and if you do THAT again...I WON'T be able to concentrate." 

My shaft slipped down Ann's mouth and throat with ease. It was such a difference from when I'd last been with her, when she had to work all week to finally be able to swallow me whole. And even then, it took a very unusual angle. Now, she was able to do it all the time, and it seemed like she could do it in any position she was in. "Thank you Antonio," I said to myself, thinking of the dildo that she'd purchased while we were apart. 

Actually, I should have been thanking Missy, even though I didn't know who she was. Missy was Ann's friend from her local sex shop, and she was the one that hooked Ann up with the dildo she'd used to 'practice'. I imagined in my mind Ann doing just that; practicing her fellatio technique, getting more and more used to swallowing something so large down her throat. Not to mention using it to stretch her virgin ass, preparing herself for the night she'd offer it to me. I didn't know how much of a role Missy even played in the whole thing, if at all. Really, I didn't know who to thank, but I needed to thank someone. 

When Ann started humming over my shaft while she sucked me deep, I realized it was her I really should be thanking. When she came up for air, I sat up and pulled her to me, kissing her tenderly as she lay on top of my body.

"You must be ready to fuck me again," she said, giddy that she'd excited me so much.

"No...but I am ready to make love to you," I grinned as I rolled us over so that Ann was pinned beneath me.

"God you are so sexy, Neil."

"So are you, babe," I growled as I kissed her neck, licking and nibbling at that special place behind her ear. 

Ann threw her neck back and let out a little sigh. "I love it when you do that," she said as she spread her legs and let my body slide between them. Reaching down, she guided my cock into her wet pussy with her left hand...her engaged hand.

"I love it when you do THAT," I said with a giggle as I tongued her ear and pushed my hard rod deeper inside her.

"We could keep saying this to each other all night. Fuck me baby. Fuck me nice and slow," Ann cooed, her hot breath hitting my shoulder.

And I did. We did. It was a long, glorious fuck. The kind that simmers on low heat until it begins to percolate to a hot, steamy boil. Ann had her right leg up, her foot lying lazily on my ass as I slowly ground my pelvis into hers. My shaft was buried insider her, and the strokes I was taking were barely that. Maybe an inch of my shaft pulling out and then I would slowly push it back inside her warm cunt. And I was only stroking once every ten seconds or so. For the most part, we were just there, coupled together. 

Her left leg was bent at the knee, resting on the bed out to the side to keep her legs spread for me. Her foot was busy stroking my right calf, occasionally playing footsie with mine.

Ann's left hand was on my chest, playing with my nipples. I'd missed that so much; the way she would kiss and lick them, or just playing with them with her fingers like she was at the moment. I'd never had a woman spend the time with them the way Ann did, and I found it an incredible turn on. Her right hand was holding on to my left biceps, feeling it strain and contract as it supported my body.

I was using both of my arms to push my torso off of Ann, lifting my chest up from hers. She's said that she wanted to watch me fucking her, so I did a modified push up to let her see us joined together. Even though she really couldn't see anything, she hissed a little, and I didn't have the heart to stop offering the view. Because of that, my chest and arms were working harder than my ass, but I didn't care. It was worth it to see the look in Ann's eyes as she looked up into mine every now and then.

As she played with my chest and upper arm, she locked her gaze to mine. Her smile was soft and innocent, and if I didn't love her already, I would have fallen for her right then. I'm not so sure I didn't anyway, my heart doing flip-flops just from staring at the angel beneath me.

"You're so big, Neil," Ann said, almost breathlessly.

"You're great for my ego, babe."

"Oh...that's not what I was talking about. But you're cock IS huge."

"What were you talking about, then?"

"You...your body. You make me feel so small beneath you like this."

"And that's a problem?" I asked, still slowly grinding my cock deep into her wet slit.

"No, baby. It's definitely not. You're so big and powerful, and...I can't believe you're mine..." she said, a small tear forming in the corner of her eye as she smiled. Ann was looking at her hand, pressing gently against the center of my chest, her fingers spread. She was staring at her ring against the backdrop of my tanned skin.

"Forever," I said softly, finishing her sentence. Ann practically melted beneath me as I bent my elbows, bringing my face to hers to kiss her again. 

Ann wrapped her arms around my neck and twisted her body, rolling me over onto my left side. Her right leg was pinned under my body. Her left leg was over my body, her foot rubbing against my ass like she was going to pull me into her.
