 I stood at the doorway of the bathroom, the image of a naked Ann in my mind. But that image, the one that I'd held precious in my mind those many months we'd been separated, had suddenly been altered. Something was different, and while I hadn't realized it at first, I had just had a sudden flash that hit me hard. Hard enough that my head actually hurt from the rush of blood that was now coursing through my body at what seemed like light speed. 

I had knocked at the door, but stood frozen even after Ann had called for me to come inside and join her. Instead, I stared ahead at the beautiful wood of the paneled door, and there was no doubt in my mind that it was handmade. It was more than just a door to a bathroom. It was one of those doors you'd find in an old house, where character was found over every square inch. I glanced at the frame, and was amazed by the intricate carvings that were etched into the molding. The entire door was made with painstaking, detailed craftsmanship. 

I had walked through the entire house with Ann when we first got there, past all of the doors, walking through most of the doorways. Yet while I saw the beauty of the house, the intimate details of the woodwork had escaped me. I had been so focused on just being there, I didn't think to look deeper. 

Ann called out a second time from the shower, yelling, "Neil, you can come in!" 

Opening the door slowly, I walked in and closed it behind me. The mist hanging in the humid room made me smile. Ann appeared to love a hot shower, just like I did. And it added to the ambiance of the setting. It seemed to make Ann all the more mysterious and sexy as she rinsed her long hair in the spray from the showerhead. 

"Care to join me lover," she said seductively, never turning to look, but knowing that I was staring at her sexy profile through the glass. I opened the door and walked in, taking a seat on the little perch in the corner that we'd used to fuck the night before. I sat silently, watching Ann finish her shower routine, intently staring at the voluptuous naked babe in front of me; examining every inch of her. I admired the intimate details that I'd originally overlooked, just like I had with the woodwork of the door to the bathroom moments before.

"What are you smiling about, baby? You seem a little..."

"Surprised," I said, finishing her sentence.

"Yeah. You do...what about?" I looked up at Ann, my eyes engaging hers. The corners of her mouth turned upward, a soft, innocent grin appearing on her perfect face. She wrinkled her nose and said, "What are you thinking about?"

"I'm thinking I can't believe I didn't notice before that your tan lines are gone. Totally! What the fuck happened to them?"

Ann's distinctive laugh filled the shower. "I was wondering when you were going to notice."

"Well, in my defense, I was a little preoccupied making you cum twenty times in the last 12 hours. You'll have to forgive me for not noticing sooner," I said with a laugh. In truth, I had been so thrilled just to be with Ann, that I kept the image I'd been carrying with me for months in my brain, not thinking that she would change that drastically.

Ann didn't seem to mind that I hadn't noticed. In fact, she found it kind of humorous. And yet, my comment to her about making her cum so many times was what was on her mind. "Oh, I forgive you baby...and I am soooo going to thank you, too. You've really outdone yourself. The sex has been even better than I remembered. I can't believe how much I missed you."

The look of determination on her face made me wonder just how she intended to 'thank' me. But I was taken aback by her statement. "I've outdone myself? YOU'RE the one that's been practicing deep throating and jeez...to let me..." I was starting to get emotional.

Ann walked out of the spray and leaned down, kneeling in front of me. "Are you okay?"

"I just can't believe all of the things you've done for me, Ann," I said, sighing a little. I don't know why, but it hit me like a wall all of a sudden. All of the emotions of the previous three months came crashing down over me. 

"Baby...what's going on? Are you upset?"

I took a deep breath to gather my composure; my eyes still locked on Ann's. "No. I'm just overwhelmed by you. You amaze me Ann...and sometimes, I guess I think I don't deserve a woman like you."

"Sure you do. You always have. Besides I could say the same thing about you. I've spent the last 10 years thinking that all guys are selfish assholes, and then you walk into my life and change everything I think about being in a relationship, and what I want out of my life...and you do it in a week. For the life of me, I don't know what I've done to deserve YOU."

"Yeah...okay. But you...you let me be with Tina. And then the whole weekend out east...I'm supposed to be trying to get a job, and instead it's a whole fantasy weekend."

"But you DID get the job. And yes, it was a fantasy. But don't think for a minute that just because I wasn't there, I wasn't getting off on it too. God, if you only knew what I was doing here with my dildo...and where. I had a few secret missions of my own."

"What?" I asked.

"I'll tell you about that later. You just need to know that it wasn't a fantasy for you and Tina...that was our fantasy...you and me. It was for the both of us. I just let Tina be a part of it. And as for Tina...well, we've talked about her a lot. I did that for you because I needed to...for me."

"Well, okay. But you go from being jealous of me fucking Tina's ass, to literally giving me yours, when I told you all along it didn't matter. The fact that you did that just because of me...I don't get it."

"It wasn't just for you, Neil. It turns out, Tina was right."

"Right? About what?"

"That anal sex can be just as intense as getting your pussy royally fucked...as long as you're with a guy that you trust."

"What are you saying?" I asked.

Ann took a deep breath and said, "After I got all stupid and got jealous, I called Tina to apologize. Of course, she didn't know why, but I confessed and told her how I'd treated you. We had a long talk...a couple, actually. And in the end, she convinced me that I wasn't being fair to you, or to myself, if I didn't at least try it. Then she suggested I find a way to practice to see if it was something that I might like. That way, I wouldn't disappoint you. And she was right...you were amazing; I actually came a little from you fucking my ass this morning, and I know that's only going to get better. So, I have her to thank, because I don't think I ever would have done it if she hadn't talked me out of my fear."

I was bewildered about what she'd just told me. As I processed it, Ann reached out and fondled my balls. My prick was soft, and after all the sex we'd had since I'd landed, I wasn't sure I could go again. But Ann had a different thought on her mind. 

"Why don't you let me sit there, and you can take a shower. I want to watch you shave," she said, her voice kind of trembling as the words left her mouth. She was visibly excited, her nipples hardening in front of my eyes, and I couldn't help but think this was another little fantasy she'd dreamed about.

Switching places, I stood under the raining showerhead, letting the water run over my head and body. I had my back to her, deliberately, as I grabbed a bar of soap and began washing myself. I usually took fairly quick showers, but this time, I lingered, making sure I gave Ann a little show. I wasn't sure if it would have an effect, like watching her would do for me. But I thought she deserved it. And I kind of got turned on thinking about her staring at my ass and legs, or my broad shoulders and upper back. When I turned around, I was half-hard as I grabbed the shampoo and washed my hair. When I'd finished, I walked over in front of Ann, my cock bobbing in front of her face, and I reached for the body wash and a razor. Ann licked her lips, and started to reach for it, but I cautioned her.

"Sorry babe. You wanted to watch me shave, and I have to do that when I'm a little hard," I said as I turned and got back under the hot spray. I let the water hit my back as I lathered up my stomach and crotch. Once I'd gotten myself ready, I took the pink disposable razor and started with my lower abdomen, taking slow, deliberated swipes across my skin where my pubic hair would normally be. Removing the stubble, I moved to my shaft, specifically the lower part, and very carefully stroked the blades there as well. 

I finished by shaving my balls, which sounds scary and dangerous, but actually is pretty easy once you get the hang of it. I worked like a surgeon, making quick, deft movements with my hand and wrist to make my skin silky smooth. Putting the razor away, I stepped back under the shower and rinsed myself off. 

I turned off the shower, and walked toward Ann; my cock now a full blown raging hard on. Her eyes were wide before I'd finished. Now that I was done, they were unblinking, transfixed on my freshly shaven shaft and balls. I held out my hand to help her up, but she didn't see it at first.

"Come on, babe. Let's get dried off."

Her eyes blinked, and she looked up at me. "Don't you want me to take care of this?" she said, confused.

"Yes. But not right now, and not here."

"Why not?"

"Because, babe. I want to savor you. And frankly, I love the look in your eyes right now. I think we both could use a little time to recharge. And the thought of you being sexually on edge really appeals to me. But don't worry...I'm going to be the same way." 

"Are you teasing me?" she asked with a smile.

"I'm teasing us. Come on, let me dry you off."

Ann and I dried each other off, which only turned us on even more. I was amazed neither of us caved and just started going at each other again in the bathroom. She took a lot of time drying my groin, feeling how smooth it was. It took all of my willpower to pull away. But I left her so she could do her makeup while I went to get dressed. Not that she needed makeup. Ann was one of those rare women that had the ability to look fabulous without any. Wearing it just made her look totally hot in a different way. She whimpered a little when I left, pretending to be hurt that she couldn't play with my cock. 

I was the one that was hurting. It took what seemed like it took forever for my dick to soften up enough so that I could get a pair of Levi's on over it. I topped that off with a white golf shirt and a pair of white Nikes, hoping that I wasn't too underdressed for Ann's relatives.

Ann walked out looking much like Sonya had the night before. She was wearing an incredibly tight pair of stonewashed jeans that looked like they had been spray painted on. Above that, she wore a bright white top that had two thin strings going over her shoulders to hold it up. It was skin tight as well, and without a bra, I not only could see her erect nipples, I could see the brown circles of her dark areolas through the material. Her white heels were in her hand as she walked barefoot toward me in the living room, her suitcase in her other hand. 

"Ready to go?" she asked.

"Maybe...what time did you say Sonya was coming back?" I asked, winking at her. 

Ann walked briskly past me and said, "You're the one who wanted to recharge, babe. Now we'll both have to suffer for a while." She giggled, knowing I was staring at her tight ass as she headed toward the door.

~*~*~*~*~*~

"You know, this is really a nice little car," I said to Ann as we drove down the highway in her little Honda Civic. It was a blue hatchback, and it was no frills. It didn't even have Air Conditioning. Ann had said she didn't have a lot of money when she'd bought it, so she had to be frugal with the optional features. She'd traded off the AC for something she thought was more important; the one extra splurge she wanted when she'd bought the car, which was a cassette player. The stereo was definitely kick ass. It was small car, but it seemed to be very well built, and for a 4 cylinder, the damn thing flew."

"I think you're being kind. It's certainly nothing like yours," she said.

"Ours."

"What?"

"The Nissan, Ann. It's ours."

Ann took her eyes off the road for a second, glancing at her hand gripping the steering wheel. She moved her fingers, staring at the ring; a visible chill running down her spine. Shaking her head, she said, "I'm getting married." Then she turned to me, and said, "We're getting married!"

"Yes...we are, babe. And what's mine is yours."

"So what's mine is yours?" Ann said with a laugh.

"Of course," I said, wondering what she was getting at.

"Man, did I ever get the better part of that deal," she said with a laugh.

"How do you figure that?"

"You got a better car. I've sold most of my furniture, which wasn't much to start with. And you went out and got a great job for us to start our life together. Frankly, I'm not sure what you're getting out of this," she said with a laugh.

"Well, I'm not looking at it like that. It's not about you and me. It's about us. But if you want to go down that road, what you're giving us is a house."

"What?"

"Your stock is going to get us a house, remember?"

"Shit, you're right. I forgot all about that."

"Right...you see. If ever there was a couple that is going into a marriage as equals, it's you and me babe. And from a selfish point of view, I got the better of the deal."

"And just how to you figure THAT?" she asked.

"I get to have the greatest sex in the world whenever I want, with the hottest piece of ass on the planet."

"I think we're even there too," Ann said, reaching over to pat my cock through my jeans.

~*~*~*~*~*~

It was a bright sunny day, filled with the bluest of blue skies, and as we made our way from Sonya's place outside Antioch, towards Ann's relatives near Modesto, we talked...a lot. 

We were going to visit Ann's Aunt and Uncle...Marlin's brother Marty, and his wife Helen. Their kids would be there...Ann's cousins; Sean, who was single, and Valerie. Valerie was married to Dale, and they had a little baby girl less than a year before. Ann was excited about me meeting all of them, with the notable exception of Dale. She didn't go into details, I think because she didn't want to offer an obviously biased opinion. And she didn't want anything to damper my enthusiasm, which was pretty high. Ann was excited about showing me off, and I wasn't going to disappoint her.

"Are we spending the night?" I asked.

"Hell no. I can't fuck you there," she said, being more candid than I expected.

"What about Chad and Dana's girls," I asked, thinking about how we'd be in her house, with two young, impressionable children. 

"They'll be asleep by the time we get there. And it will give me a chance to practice being quiet for when we have kids some day," she said with a giggle.

"So, we're having kids," I said with an arched eyebrow.

"Didn't we talk about this before," Ann said, again with her little laugh.

"Yeah. I'm just messing with you. I'd love to have kids. So...when and how many?"

"Wow. Well, I'm thinking I want you to myself for a while...at least a couple of years. And I really don't want more than two children. At least, that's what I'm thinking right now. How about you?"

"You know, I kind of like that plan, actually. And I'm sure we'll both know when the time is right."

I watched Ann looking at her hand from time to time. The smile on her face told me everything I needed to know. I was sure she was mulling over our discussion to that point. We'd covered a wide variety of things, mostly about her family. But I wanted to get us back to the sexually charged state we were in when we'd left Sonya's. And I knew where I wanted to start.

"You know, you never did answer my question."

"What question is that, baby?"

"Where did the tan lines go?"

Ann turned to me, and actually started to turn a little red. "Oh. I thought we were past that," she said sheepishly.

"No. We're not past that, and we're not past whatever 'secret missions' you were on, either. So, spill it. Starting with the new bronze body."

"First of all, do you like it? I know you seemed to really like the tan lines. I've been a little worried about it."

"Well, I have to be honest. I did really love the tan lines. But I haven't been able to get that image of you out of my mind. And it turns me on so much just thinking about it."

"Image? What image?"

"The one of us in front of the patio door. Where you said you wished someone could take our picture." 

"Yeah...wow...that was fucking HOT!" she said reaching between her legs for a moment to rub her crotch through her jeans.

"Yes, it was! So...obviously, I love the new you too. You looked like a jungle goddess to me. And part of that was your pussy. It was tanned, and I knew it was, but I didn't get it at first...you know, why it was such a turn on. I just knew it was. It never dawned on me that that was what was different. I didn't think of it until I talked to my Mom...and I'd been dreaming about us in that spot."

"You talked to your Mom?"

"Yeah. I called her just before I came into the bathroom this morning. By the way, thanks for having Sonya call Jean. She called Mom earlier today. That was really sweet of you, babe."

Ann looked over and smiled. "Well, actually, I was just being selfish. I figured you were going to want to call home, but I wanted you all to myself last night...and I didn't want any distractions. But you're welcome."

I smiled and said, "Hell, I'm glad you were selfish. You can be that kind of selfish all you want!"

Ann laughed and said, "That's good to know. So you talked to Betsy and then?"

"And then I realized what was different. At least, I thought I did. That's why I came running toward the bathroom. I had to see if I was crazy or not. I was right about the tan...but I was wrong about...well."

"Well...what?"

"Well, the image I saw in the window made you look like you'd shaved yourself bare...everything looked tan. But I knew I felt your little strip of pubic hair last night when I ate you."

"Yeah...and?"

"And as much as I liked the tan lines, I really loved that little strip."

"I do too...that's why I didn't shave it. But I have to tell you, the more I've tanned naked, the harder it is to see. The hair color almost matches my skin now...I don't know why I kept it, since you can't see it."

"Well, at least I know I'm not totally nuts. And again, I love the total tan look...GOD, you looked so hot in that window! But please, promise me you won't shave the strip...I really love it the way it is, even if it is hard to see."

Ann looked at me, surprised I was going on so much about a thin patch of hair. I wasn't really sure myself why I loved it so much. But I did. Ann saw that I was serious, and she gave me a reassuring nod. "Okay, baby. I wasn't going to shave it anyway, but I'd be happy to keep it for you...as long as you promise to keep eating me like you did last night!"

"I promise, babe. And since I know now that I'm not insane, I can't help but wonder what's been going on to make you change. What made you want get rid of the tan lines?"

"Well, I'm not quite rid of them yet. If you look really, really close, you can still see a slight difference. But the areas that weren't tan before are catching up pretty fast."

"Ann," I said, my eyes peering at her from under my narrowed brow.

"I know, I know...I'm stalling. Okay...confession time. And no, it's not a bad confession. I love to sunbathe. I always have. And I'll tell you now, just for future reference...I get really, really horny from lying out in the sun. When I'm out there, with my body kind of exposed and open, all I think about is sex."

I smiled and said, "Okay...I've got that filed away. I'm pretty sure I can put that to good use."
