 Ann looked amazing, the sunlight reflecting off her golden skin as it came in through the windshield of her car. We were heading west from her Aunt and Uncle's house, driving up the eastern side of the mountain range that separated the valley they lived in, and the town near Pleasanton where Ann lived with her roommates. 

It was early afternoon as we drove past what seemed to be thousands of towering white windmills perched on the mountainsides. Depending on the direction they were facing, they were either sitting idle, spinning wildly, or moving from the wind somewhere in between. I was torn between two spectacular views. The majestic one that was passing by my open window, and the one that was sitting to my left, driving the car as she tapped the steering wheel in time with the song blaring from the stereo. 

"My God Ann...I didn't think you could possibly get any sexier. But every day, you amaze me more and more."

Ann turned her head slightly, her eyes hidden behind her stylish sunglasses. But I could still see the smile in them. "I love you," she mouthed, and then she licked her gloss-covered lips before puckering and smacking them in as seductive kiss.

"I still can't believe you're doing this!"

"You're making me do it, remember?" she said with at giggle.

~*~*~*~*~*~

Ann stepped out of the bathroom, walking toward me as I lounged on the bed. It was obvious that she had gotten over any reservations she'd had about being herself around her Aunt and Uncle. Most of that had been erased just by seeing how Helen had been dressed when we had arrived the day before. And I was sure a lot of that had to do with the fact that Marty and Helen not only knew we had some kind of sex in their house during the night...they had literally encouraged it. They also knew very well that we'd made love when we'd ridden out to Ann's romance tree, which was perched atop a hill in the rolling meadow somewhere out in the vast acres of land behind their home.

Besides, there was also no escaping the truth that Helen had admitted the she and Marty had their own sexual encounter in the barn while Ann and I were out riding the horses, and each other. Not to mention the likelihood that they had followed that up with an amorous evening. True to Marty's word, we weren't able to hear them from the other end of what turned out to be a very soundproof house. But that didn't stop Ann and me from listening at first.

Waking up with her conscious clear, Ann had decided to be herself in front of her relatives; something I was sure she thought would never happen. As she walked past me into the bedroom, my heart leapt into my throat. I was suddenly thankful that Ann had insisted that we not shower together. She'd said that if we did, we'd just end up back in bed.

She had patted me on the chest as she lay next to me when we woke up, and said, "Sooner or later we're going to have to get ready on our own or we're never going to get anywhere...and I have a lot of things yet to show you. Besides, if you never let me get dressed, you won't get the pleasure of undressing me with your eyes...and I love it when you do that!"

True to her word, when I saw Ann walk out of the bathroom, my mind immediately went about ripping her clothes off. Ann was wearing a dark, almost forest green halter, contrasting perfectly against her dark tan and her curly brown hair. Or it was a camisole. Actually, it was kind of a combination. The shiny metallic appearance to the material sparkled as she walked. The front scooped low, hanging loosely between her breasts, and it stopped just above her navel. From the side, three quarters of her tits were exposed, the material held in place by a very thin green string that was tied in the middle of Ann's back in a small, neat bow. But Ann had it tied very loose, letting the garment move and flow pretty much however it wanted to. I began secretly hoping for a windy day.

Ann's long hair hid a similar string that ran around her neck, holding up the top. Looking at her from the back, save for the microscopic string tied in that loose bow, Ann looked naked from the waist up.

Below, Ann wore the shortest miniskirt I'd ever seen her wear. It was ultra white spandex, and as she walked past me, I could see the very bottom of her tight ass cheeks. They jiggled perfectly as she strutted past me in her 5-inch white heels, held in place by her ankle straps. She looked like she was about to go clubbing. Or fucking.

Standing sideways in front of me, Ann showed me her feminine profile as she bent at the waist to put her makeup kit in her suitcase. Her loose top flipped up, exposing her perfect pert tits.

Ann looked over her shoulder, watching me leer at her. "I guess I made it a little too easy for you to mentally undress me, didn't I?" she said with a devilish grin. I stood there, frozen, as I gawked at her, trying to formulate words that were coherent. I wanted to run over and look at Ann from behind to get a view of her perfect tight little ass. But my feet wouldn't move. Instead, Ann stood up, striking a pose for me that made my cock lurch inside my shorts. 

"You are so...damn...hot!" I stammered.

The nasty little smile on Ann's face told me she was she got the reaction she was hoping for. "Come on, babe. I smell breakfast," she said, bending over to pick up her suitcase, flashing me again in the process. I grabbed my own suitcase off the bed, and walked over to Ann. Taking her bag from her hand, Ann gave me a full lipped pout. "I was hoping you were going to hold my hand on our way out to breakfast."

"I think I need to have both of my hands occupied, babe, or we're never going to make it out of the bedroom today. I'm really close to bending you over right now. Besides, you said you had other things to show me."

"Bend me over? Like this?" she said as she turned her back to me and bent over, grabbing her ankles. I got a quick glimpse of her pussy, covered by a sparkling green thong that matched her top. "So, do you like what I'm showing you now?"

I started to put down the suitcases in a rush, but Ann stood and placed her hand on my chest. I knew, almost by instinct, that she wanted to be in control for a while. I got the feeling she wanted to toy with me...and I found that I was suddenly thrilled by the idea of that.

"You know, you look nice too, baby," Ann said as she sidled up next to me. I was wearing a pair of plaid Bermuda's that were mostly navy, and a dark tan short sleeve shirt. It was cotton, and it was kind of dressy, buttoning down the front. I'd left it untucked, and it was buttoned all the way up except for the top one.

Ann looked at me with a sexy expression her her face. She reached up for the top button, saying, "But you're not showing enough skin for me." She unbuttoned the three buttons at the top, leaving just the bottom two to hold it closed. Sliding her hand inside my shirt, she rubbed her soft palm against my smooth chest, and played with my nipple a little. "There, that's better."

Her other hand cupped my balls through the thin material of my shorts. Unlike Ann, I'd gone without underwear, and she realized it almost immediately. "I can feel the heat coming from your balls," she said, almost marveling at her discovery.

"You have that affect on me. Should we change our breakfast plans...I'm sure I could find something to eat here in the bedroom that would be tasty."

"No, baby. As tempting as that really is, I'm sure Aunt Helen has been busy in the kitchen. She's probably gone to a lot of trouble, knowing her and her breakfasts." Ann squeezed my balls one more time, and then patted my cock before she strutted out the door, leaving me there, hard as a rock. She knew I was going to have to wait a little bit for my cock to go down before I could join her. I could hear the sound of her shoes clicking down the hardwood of the hallway, along with her distinctive little laugh.

~*~*~*~*~*~

Ann was right; Helen outdid herself. If there was a breakfast food one might expect that could be cooked on a farm, it was on the counter of the bar, hot and ready to be loaded up on a plate. Or two plates. Hell, there were 4 different kinds of meat! My salivary glands were on overload. I filled a huge plate, and the four of us sat down to eat together. 

Unfortunately, Marty had to leave early into our breakfast. He worked every other weekend, and we happened to catch him on one where he was scheduled to go in. When he finished eating, he asked me to walk out with him to his truck. 

"Marty, let the boy eat his breakfast," Helen said as I put down my fork.

"It's no problem, Aunt Helen. I need to let my stomach recuperate for a minute, anyway," I said as I got up. Marty and I walked through the patio door into the bright morning sunshine. He walked me out to his truck, whistling as we went. When we reached the door, he turned to me and grinned.

"Neil, I want to thank you for what you did yesterday," he said, sticking out his hand.

"I really didn't do anything, sir," I said as we shook.

Marty grabbed me by the elbow with his left hand as we shook, and locked his steely gray eyes to mine. "Yes, you did. You don't know how long Helen and I have fretted about that lazy SOB. You did something we could never do, Neil. You came in as an outsider, and you opened Val's eyes. The fact that she looks up to Ann, and that you're Ann's man...that spoke volumes. I don't know if it's gonna stick, but you certainly got Val thinking."

"I really was just being me," I said shrugging my shoulders.

"Maybe you were. But you were just what Val needed. And I think you know that. I think you knew it all along. I'm sure Ann said something to you about Val, and what was going on between her and Dale...but you didn't have to do all that you did, and I want you to know that I'm grateful."

"Well, I just hope he changes," I said with a smile.

"Well, if not, I'm sure after last night, he'll know what will happen if it doesn't."

I cringed a little, worried that I'd given Marty the impression that I was the type of guy that was used solving problems by becoming physical. And just the thought of that scared me a little. "Uh...about that, Marty. I don't want you to think that I'm..." 

"I know you're not, Neil," he said, his face telling me that he indeed knew I wasn't really a violent man by nature. "But it's also nice to know that you can be if you have to. I have to tell you, it's reassuring to know my niece has someone like you to not only love her, but to protect her too."

"Well, thanks for not making a big deal out of what I said to Sluggo. I just didn't want you to think I go around threatening people all the time," I said, relieved.

Marty laughed and said, "Hell...I knew better than that, Neil. I'm just glad Dale wasn't smart enough to figure that out...and I'm glad that I got to hear it. I'm not sure I would have believed it otherwise."

"Let's just hope it helped, so I don't have to come back and pulverize him," I laughed.

"Time will tell. In the meantime, I hope this helps you and Ann," Marty said, digging into the pocket of his jeans. He handed me a wad of bills; all crisp and new...and all 100's. 

"What's this?" I said, puzzled at why he would hand me cash. 

"An engagement gift."

"You mean a wedding gift?"

"No...it's an engagement gift. Helen and I are still going to get you both a wedding gift. This is different."

"I've never heard of an engagement gift. And this feels like an awful lot of money," I said, resisting the urge to leaf through and count it. 

Marty smiled. "Neil, Ann has been like another daughter to me and Helen. You know, it's kind of funny. She came out her 10 years ago and kind of upset the apple cart at first," he said with a laugh. "It was a little difficult for us there for a while, and I think it was for Ann too there at the beginning. But it didn't take long before she became a real part of our family. Like I said, she's more than just our niece...she means the world to us, and she's worth it. And from what I can tell, so are you."

"Marty, I don't know what to say. I really can't..."

Marty put his strong hand on my shoulder. It felt almost fatherly...a loving, firm, steadying grip, holding me still; making my eyes focus on his. "Yes, you can. I want you to look at this as traveling money. You're going to be driving for 4 or 5 days, in that little tiny car of hers with no air conditioning. And even though Ann has been mailing most the things she's keeping back to Marlin, that car is still going to be packed tight. You're going to be cramped in there." 

Marty took the money from my hand, holding it up in front of my face as he grinned at me. "THIS...this is for you to make this a better trip for the two of you," he said, slapping the money back in my hand, his grip tight against my palm. "I want you to pamper her every chance you get. Splurge on her. Make sure you both eat well along the way. And make sure you find nice places to stay. It's going to be a long trip, and the nicer you make the evenings, the easier drive you'll have the next day. And I don't want you telling Ann about this. I've tried to pamper her before, but she's always refused. Too much pride. She'd say we should be spending money on our own kids...not her. She didn't want to feel like a freeloader. She's so selfless, she was always thinking of Val and Sean instead of herself. She was like their big sister, always sacrificing for them."

"Wow," was all I could say.

"Wow is right. Ann is an amazing young woman, Neil. And you are an amazing young man. Helen and I really want to do this. But promise you won't tell Ann about it, okay?"

"I...I don't know what to say," I said shaking my head.

"Say you promise," he smiled.

"I promise, Marty. But I still don't know what to say."

"I felt the same way about what you did yesterday," he said, opening the door to his truck. He rolled down the window before he hopped in and closed it. Started the engine, and put it in reverse to back out from where he'd parked it near the barn. "By the way, Neil...I need to thank you and Ann for what you did yesterday. Well, really, it's what you did in Indiana with Marlin and Jean."

"What do you mean?" I asked, stuffing the wad of cash in my back pocket.

"I guess Helen talked to Jean, and Jean told her how you and Ann kind sparked them a little, if you know what I mean. I'm not going to say how, cause I don't know. I'm not sure I want to know," he said with a laugh. "But I can tell you, Neil, I can't remember the last time I got laid twice in one day...not to mention doing it in the barn. I've dreamt about that one for a long time, but I never thought it would ever happen."

Before I could say anything, Marty was cackling as he was backing around, and pulling out, driving past the side of the house towards where the asphalt drive to the back of the house met the circular drive in the front. He gave a wave out the window as I stood there, a little bewildered by the entire conversation as I watched the truck drive down the road in front of the house.

My curiosity got the best of me, and I pulled out the wad of bill and counted them. "Holy, shit...two grand?" I said to myself as I checked a second time. And a third. Shaking my head, I stuffed the money back in my pocket and went inside to finish my breakfast.

~*~*~*~*~*~

Ann spent the rest of the morning trying to tease me into a frenzied mess. She was sitting next to me at the round breakfast nook table, and every time Helen would turn away, Ann would lift the material of her top, flashing me one or both of her amazingly perky tits. And when Helen got up to go into the kitchen, Ann moved her lower body gracefully, turning toward me in her seat as she spread her legs. Moving the emerald green thong to the side, she dipped her fingers into her very wet snatch and brought them to her fingers.

"Mmmm...do you want some, baby?" Ann said, holding her finger near my mouth. I opened my mouth, but she pulled her hand away as Helen came around the corner, licking her own fingers and leaving me to look foolish. Helen never reacted, but I was sure I was blushing. Ann let out a little snicker, and coughed as it caught in the back of her throat as she put her thong back in place and closed her thighs.

"Are you okay, Anna?" Helen asked.

"Yes Aunt Helen. Just enjoying teasing my fiancée...that's all," she said bluntly.

Helen looked at me as I stared at Ann, and my posture and expression must have caught her off guard. "My goodness, Neil, you're looking at Ann like she's Little Red Riding Hood and you're the Big Bad Wolf," she said.

"I'm sorry...what did you say?" I asked, not taking my eyes off of Ann, but unsure if she had really said something so out of left field.

"You look like the Big Bad Wolf and you're getting ready to eat her," she said innocently.

I smiled at Ann. It was a large, dangerous grin, full of lust driven innuendo. "The thought did cross my mind."

Helen heard my response, and how it was laced with sexual overtones. "Oh my...I didn't mean to..."

"It's okay Aunt Helen. He knew what you meant. That's what I get for teasing him."

I tore my irises away for Ann and looked at Helen; the skin on her face and neck turning a deep red as the embarrassment from her choice of a metaphor struck her. "I'm sorry Aunt Helen. I shouldn't have said that."

"Sure you should...if that's really how you feel. I just can't believe I said that. It's not like I haven't noticed how Anna has been showing herself to you."

"You saw me?" Ann said, grinning like a kid getting caught being naughty. Although it was pretty obvious from her reaction that she wasn't the kind of child that cared if she got caught. 

"You haven't been trying that hard to hide it dear. It's a little out of character for you, but I don't mind. It's just wonderful to see you so much in love, Anna. And Neil, you've shown remarkable restraint. I don't think my Marty would have put up with me doing that to him at your age. Maybe not even now," Helen said with a giggle.

~*~*~*~*~*~

When we finally finished eating, and laughing, Ann and I helped Helen clean up the table, but she wouldn't let us help her any more than that. She knew we'd already stayed longer than we originally intended. "I can do the rest. Come with me, Anna. I want to give you something."

While they headed out the back door, I loaded up the car in the front of the house. Ann and Helen came out the front door a short time later, walking around the side of Ann's car into the grass. Ann was holding the horse blanket that she'd used under her saddle the previous day...the one we'd made love on.

"What's that?" I asked.

"Aunt Helen is giving us this blanket," Ann said with a smile.

"Why?" 

Ann smiled, but Helen answered. "Marty and I have always thought of it as Anna's. She's the only one that's ever used it since we bought it, and so...it's hers. And besides, after yesterday, I would think it has an even bigger sentimental value to her."

"Why...what happened yesterday?" I said with a smile, looking at Ann as she leaned against the car to unbuckle the ankle straps of her shoes so she could take them off to drive.

"You made my niece's dream come true," Helen said with a smile.

"Really. How'd I do that?"

"By being you," Ann said as she stood on the toes of her bare feet and pulled me to her, kissing me.

"I'm not sure how that warrants a blanket," I said with a grin.

Helen laughed. "You're a very modest young man, Neil."

"The hell he is. He's just being coy, Aunt Helen. He knows exactly what this blanket means to me. And I hope to him, too."

I grinned, and said, "It means I have to buy you a horse."

Ann looked at her Aunt for a second, trying to decide if she wanted to say what was on her mind. I knew she would, even as she was thinking about it. I could see the mischievous twinkle in her eyes, and so I wasn't surprised when she finally turned back to me and said, "Baby, you won't have to buy me a horse, as long as you let me ride you like one like I did yesterday under my tree." Then she grabbed me by the neck and kissed me again, more passionate than the first time.
