 Ann lifted up the 'horse cock' blanket, as she called it, and peered underneath. She knew the answer before she looked. But she wanted to look anyway. Turning toward me as I drove down the interstate, she smiled.

"So...where are my clothes, baby?" she asked.

I smiled back and said, "I liked the way you looked. If you want them, they're on the floor behind you."

Ann looked behind her, seeing them neatly stacked like they were ready to be put into a dresser. "You folded them?" 

"Yeah. They were just thrown on the seat...I didn't want them to get wrinkled. Why?"

"You folded them! Holy shit! You're making me wet again, baby."

"It's not that big a deal, Anna," I said, unsure why she was portraying it like I was some kind of superhero.

"I'm not making fun, Neil. You're so amazing. You just don't know how rare that is...and it IS a big deal, at least to me. It also makes you that much more sexy to me!"

"Well, I think you're overreacting just a little, Anna."

"You're still calling me Anna?" she asked, evident in her voice that she really was surprised.

"Of course. It's still Sunday, and you're still naked. You're Anna the rest of the day, which means you're mine," I said. My heart jumped a little when I said it...amazed that I was with such an incredible woman. And that made me realize why something as simple as folding her clothes seemed to not only to be such a huge event to her, but it actually turned her on. 

Ann leaned over and kissed my cheek, her perfect breasts popping out from underneath the blanket. "I'm yours every day, baby. And I couldn't be happier." As she sat back in her seat, she didn't bother to cover up. Instead, she tilted her seat back and lowered the blanket, kicking it to the floor. Putting on her sunglasses, she smiled.

"What are you doing?" I asked.

"I'm pretending to sleep. You want me naked; there's no sense covering up."

"So you're..."

"I'm yours, baby. Do whatever you want with me."

~*~*~*~*~*~

It was a page out of my recent past. Ann seemed to pass out as a final result of me fucking her on the crest of the hillside we were on. Well, I'm not sure she actually passed out. It was more like she was exhausted from the experience, and her body just shut down. She was asleep, her limp frame stuck in an overtly sexual position. 

I, on the other hand, was wide-awake with a raging erection and no place to put it. Actually, there was a place to put it. A couple...but that was the problem. 

It didn't help that Ann's perfect ass was staring at me, her well used cunt still slick from her orgasms; her labia salaciously split wide as if it was inviting me to dive back in. But fucking Ann was never an option. I could have, and she likely wouldn't have cared. But I knew it wasn't right to fuck her while she was out of it, and really, it never crossed my mind. It was what it was. And frankly, while I was hard and horny, I was okay with it. Seeing Ann in such a peaceful state, I melted a little. She was an angel...MY angel. 

Not only would it have been wrong to do anything sexual with her, it seemed wrong to even wake her. So I didn't. Instead, I just lifted her up and put her in the passenger seat. I thought about dressing her, but my devious mind quickly thought of Tina and our trip on the plane. She'd passed out, literally, and our stewardess Rachel and I couldn't wake her...and she was too limp to get her clothes back on in time. So, we covered her with a blanket, still naked.

I didn't bother to put Ann's shoes on like Rachel did to Tina. Instead, I got her buckled in, and then I rummaged through the glove compartment looking for a map. I knew Ann's address, so all I needed was something to guide me and get me close. There was a little map of the county and town she lived in among several others that I ignored. In just a couple of minutes, I felt confident I'd find Chad and Dana's house without a problem. So much so that I put the map away, and I started the car.

I drove back up the the dirt access road that had led us down to the windmills, and turned onto the winding road to nowhere that we'd traveled on from the interstate. But instead of back tracking my way to the exit we'd gotten off at, I turned left and continued west, knowing I'd eventually find my way back to I-580. I'd always loved taking roads I'd never been on to see where they'd lead. I had a keen sense of direction, and a pretty good handle on geography, so I never worried about getting lost. Twenty minutes later, Ann and I were back on the interstate, long before she finally roused from her orgasm-induced slumber. 

~*~*~*~*~*~

Ann sat up straight in her seat, a look of horror on her face. The shock of what I just told her affected her in a greater way than I could have imagined. All I'd done was confirm what she'd just discovered, and she was upset. Really upset.

"Oh my God...you're serious, aren't you!" she said, her hand covering her mouth.

"Well, yeah. But it's really no big deal. Calm down."

"Neil...I'm so sorry! W...why didn't you say something?"

I let out a little chuckle. "Anna, it's okay. Besides, it's not like you could have done anything about it."

Ann had been teasing me as we drove toward her home. Well, towards Chad and Dana's home, where she happened to live. Ann didn't consider it her home, since they owned it and she simply paid them rent for a room to stay in. She'd commented to me the she sometimes felt more like a houseguest, and there was never a sense of real belonging. Every other place she had lived, she shared rent with other people. This was the first time she'd lived with people that owned the house, and that somehow made it different to Ann.

Her reasoning was understandable. When someone owns a place, and you live there, it's never yours. Ann felt like she was just there, borrowing space from friends who loved her enough to reach out and offer a place to stay when circumstances in her life changed once she realized her ex-boyfriend Ray was never going to be 'the one'. She had to move out of the place she had been living, because Ray lived on the next block. Ann kept running into the girl Ray chose, and it was too much for her to deal with. 

Chad was a friend of Ray's. Apparently, he'd been a good friend at one time. But when a line in the sand was drawn, and Chad had to make what was ultimately a final choice of whether to side with his longtime friend Ray, or with Ann, who was a longtime friend of Dana, he chose Ann.

And that spoke volumes. For a guy to throw away a friendship from college because he knew that friend had been a prick to Ann was amazing to me. It spoke not only for his love of Dana, whom I'm sure influenced the decision at least a little, but it also said just how bad the situation was to realize that Ann was the one who got hurt. To take on the extra burden of offering a place to live...I couldn't wait to meet Chad. Stand up guys like that are not all that common. It made me think of Matt, who'd stood up for me early and often in my battle with my ex. 

The closer to the house we got, the more Ann teased me. She was playing with herself, turning her lower body to get me to look at her beautiful tanned pussy as she slowly dipped her fingers inside. She would lick her fingers, or pull at her nipples...not to mention flash any trucker I happened to pass along the way. The more we drove, the bolder she got. And the bolder she got, the more it was driving me wild.

Ann reached over and played with my cock through my shorts for a moment, and smiled. "I can't believe how hard you get, baby."

"Me either. But I'm sure you have everything to do with that," I said as I tried to concentrate on my driving. 

"Yeah, I suppose I do," she giggled. "But still, I love the fact that you seem to get hard all the time for me. Look at you. I just had one of the most intense sexual experiences I've ever had in my life, and you're up and ready to go for me again!"

"It really was amazing, wasn't it," I said, thinking back at how incredibly hot Ann looked as I fucked her on that mountain.

Ann smiled. But as she rubbed my cock, her smile turned ever so slightly; until it changed from one of pure happiness, to one mixed with bewilderment. She looked puzzled, and she reached down to her pussy again, dipping her fingers deep inside. But she wasn't doing it to pleasure herself. Ann was searching, like she'd misplaced her keys or something. Pulling them out, she reached farther beneath her, touching her ass. Then she sat up with a start.

"Neil?"

"Yes, lover?" I said with a song in my voice, inspired by the 'Journey's Greatest Hits' cassette Ann had jamming on her car stereo. "Lovin', Touchin', Squeezin'" was playing, and I was thinking about doing all those things again to Ann.

Ann was looking at the car seat between her legs, when she quickly looked up at me and said, "I seem to be empty."

Her statement amused me, and I said, "Emotionally?"

"No...physically. Where did you cum? Did you cum on me and clean it up?"

"I didn't," I said with a shrug.

"You didn't...what?"

"I didn't cum."

Ann's face contorted, reacting like I was speaking a foreign language and she couldn't figure out what I was trying to say. "What did you say?" she asked. My face did a twist of its own, and Ann heard my unspoken expression perfectly. "Oh my God...you're serious, aren't you!" she said, her hand covering her mouth.

"Well, yeah. But it's no big deal. Calm down."

"Neil...I'm so sorry! W...why didn't you say something?"

"Anna, it's okay. Besides, it's not like you could have done anything about it."

"What do you mean?"

"Well, you kind of...fell asleep."

"So...you could have just kept fucking me until you came."

"No offense babe, but fucking you while you're lifeless like that wouldn't have been very thrilling to me. And I have more respect for you than to just use you like you're some kind of whore just so I can get off."

"Neil, I know you don't think that way of me. But I told you, I'm yours to use, especially today. Why didn't you finish?"

"Geez, Anna, you're really upset about this. I'm sorry. It just never occurred to me to continue without you, and that's what it would have felt like."

Ann buried her face in her hands as she leaned back into the reclined passenger seat. Taking a deep breath, she put her hands to her sides and stared at the dome light above her head. "You should have just fucked me," she said quietly.

"Anna, that's silly. I would never force myself on you."

Ann smirked and said, "Well, I hope that's not true. There are times a girl likes to be taken, as long as the mood is right and it's with someone she loves."

I shook my head a little at her revelation, but recovered quickly enough to say, "Okay, but I'm sure when you're sleeping, or out of it, or whatever you were...that isn't one of those times."

"Oh really? What makes you say that?" she said, almost defiantly.

I didn't expect that response, and it showed with I took a deep breath. "Okay...there's obviously more going on here than what you're letting on. Please, tell me what this is really all about."

Ann didn't beat around the bush like she normally did. She looked at me and said, "I'm disappointed, baby. I really feel a little let down."

"I let YOU down?"

"A little...yes. And I KNOW I let you down."

"I'm really confused right now, Ann," I said, suddenly forgetting to call her Anna. It wasn't deliberate, but it wasn't lost on her.

"I guess our Sunday is over, huh?"

"What?"

"You called me Ann. I'm sure that means something."

"Actually, no, it doesn't. Sorry for that, and for letting you down, and for not fucking you when I was worried about you."

"Why were you worried about me? Because you gave me such an amazing orgasm that I went a little loopy?" 

"I've never had that happen before, Ann."

"Sure you have. You told me you did that to Tina a couple of times. Hell, you left her in her shop the night you got home from your trip."

"Okay, you're right. But I stopped fucking her."

"Yes. You also came!"

"Why are we arguing over me having an orgasm?" I asked staring at the road ahead. We were passing a truck at the time, and the driver pulled the string connected to his air horn as he ogled Ann. 

The loud blast startled her, and she turned around as saw him staring with a lecherous smile on his face. Ann immediate got even angrier and yelled out her open window. "So, you want to fuck me...well, here, fuck you too!" she snapped, flipping him off before turning and reaching behind her seat to grab her clothes. Much to my dismay, she started getting dressed.

"Anna..."

"Don't call me Anna right now, Neil. Don't spoil it, okay...please!"

"Spoil what?"

"Our moment, back on the mountain."

"I'm not trying to spoil anything. I'm trying to understand why you're so angry all of a sudden."

"I'm not angry. I'm upset."

"What's the difference?"

"Neil, you're a very smart man. Don't tell me I need to get you a dictionary," she said, giving me a hint of a smile as she lifted her hips to put her miniskirt back on.

"Fine. Why are you so upset?"

"I'm upset because you didn't fuck me."

"I'm pretty sure I fucked you, Ann. That's what made you pass out in the first place."

"No...I mean you didn't fuck me AFTER I passed out."

"I already told you...I have too much respect for you. I didn't want you to feel..."

"I know...like a slut! And I understand that. But..."

"I didn't say slut."

"Slut...whore, what's the difference," she said.

Ann and I had actually discussed that before, when talking about my ex. But her recent comment was on my mind, so I tried to lighten the mood a little. "Ann, you're a very smart woman. But I have this dictionary someone I love gave me...perhaps you'd like to borrow it."

Ann laughed, and that made me laugh. It was a good laugh, breaking the tension. Finally, she said, "Fine...I'm a whore then."

"I didn't say that either," I said, raising my finger to make my point.

"I know. But did it ever occur to you that I wanted to be?" 

"You want to be a whore?" I asked, not believing my ears.

"No...I don't want to be 'A' slut or 'A' whore. I wanted to be YOUR slut and YOUR whore. Do I have to hit you over the head to get you to see that? I said I'm yours, and that you can use me any way you want."

"Ann, I don't understand."

"That's because I figured you'd read between the lines, and I just didn't communicate well enough, I guess." I was as disheartened as Ann seemed to be. We'd had such a great read on each other up to that point, that to totally miscommunicate and have it lead to where we were, was upsetting. Still, she picked us up quickly, saying, "It's okay, baby. It was bound to happen eventually."

"What?"

"A miscommunication. We weren't going to go forever without this happening. And it's going to happen again...I just shouldn't get upset about it when things don't pan out exactly like I'd hoped."

"Well, you could have just told me exactly what you wanted, right?"

"No...because I don't want to have to say it. And actually, that would be worse. I like the mystery of you and me trying to feel each other out. You know, sense what each other is thinking or needing. But I also have to be fair and not overreact when things aren't just how I want them. You're close so many times that I have to stop being so anal about that."

"Nothing wrong with anal," I said with a smile.

"Not your kind of anal!" she cackled as she finished putting her top back on, getting it just the way she wanted it.

"Well, it's not just you Ann...there are two of us, and I could stop overreacting too. But just for clarification, you know...to get us through the rest of the day, how about just telling me what you expected."

"I told you, I wanted to be your slut. And I guess I just kind of got upset because I wasn't dripping with your cum. To be honest, I was more upset that I didn't notice it sooner. I love that feeling."

"That's it?"

"No. I meant what I said about being used. I think it would have been incredible to be fucked back awake."

"Seriously?" I asked.

"What, you never dreamed of some hot girl waking you up with a blowjob, or riding your big cock to get your morning started? Women have fantasies too, you know."

Ann didn't have to tell me that. I'd never met a woman that had a more active sexual imagination than she had. Some of the things she'd come up with boggled my mind, to the point that I loved the mystery about her. And it was that mystery that Ann was looking for. She didn't want me to tell her what I was going to do, and she didn't want to have to spell out every detail of what she wanted. She wanted to plant a seed, and then be surprised by what happened next. Sure, she fell into the trap of being upset that things didn't go exactly as she wanted. But a big part of that was my fault. I'd been worried about taking things too far. It never occurred to me that I might not be taking them far enough.

"Okay...but you need to promise that you'll tell me if I DO go too far," I said as we pulled off the interstate near Ann's town. 

Waiting at a red light to turn, Ann smiled and said, "I promise." She reached for her thong, which was swaying back and forth from the rearview mirror.

Gently grabbing Ann's wrist, I smiled. "Not yet Anna. It's still Sunday." Ann let out a gleeful little squeal as I reached over and felt her bare pussy.

"Do I need to get undressed again?" she asked, biting her lip nervously.

"Not right now, lover. We're going to be at your house soon, aren't we?"

"You mean Chad and Dana's?"

"No...it's your house too, Anna."

"Well, not really. They just..."

"Anna, I know they own it. But your mail is delivered there. All your things are there. You sleep there...and I know that you pay money to live there. So, in my view, it's your house too. But in case there was any doubt, we'll make it official tonight."

"And just how are you going to do that?" she asked.

"I'm going to make love to you there."

~*~*~*~*~*~

Ann was excited that we'd gotten past the little tiff we had, if you could call it that, and that we were looking at having some more fun to finish out our first 'Sunday' together. And if we stuck to the plan we'd discussed earlier in the day, Sunday was going to be a day we'd both be looking forward to every week. Ann was making comments about me 'taking' her as soon as we got to the stylish modern California ranch. But as we pulled onto the street, she saw not just one car parked in the driveway; there were two.

"Shit!" Ann said, obviously upset again.

"What?"

"They're home."

"Who?"

"Chad and Dana...and the girls."

"And that surprises you?"

"Actually, yeah. They must have gone to pick up the girls early."

"Oh...from the girl's dad?"

"Yeah. He's an ass...alcoholic. But Dana deals with it pretty well. Having Chad helps a lot. It was a whole big mess for a long time, but it's a lot better now. Still, they usually don't go get the girls until about 8 on the weekends he has them."

I looked at my watch, and it was a little before eight. But I'd never changed it from my time zone. So it was just before 5 o'clock Pacific time. Looking back at Ann, I sensed her agitation. "What's wrong?"

"Well...Chad and Dana usually leave early and spend the afternoon kicking around together before they go get the girls. But they're already home."

"So?"

"So! I was hoping we'd have the house to ourselves. I knew we should have come home yesterday."

"Why? Didn't we have a good time so far today...and last night?"

Ann smiled. "Yeah...you're right. I'm just frustrated because you haven't cum yet."

"Geez, babe...if anyone should be saying that, it's me. And I'm okay with it."

"Well, I hope you don't mind, but...I'm not. Go past the house and take a left."
