 It was the best night's sleep I'd gotten in a long time, which was a little hard to believe considering the state of mind I was in when I'd finally drifted off. As much as I had tried to play it off at the time, I was horny. I did my best to hide that from Ann while I was making her cum over and over. But as when she fell asleep in my arms as I cuddled with her, I was so turned on from what we'd just done, I wondered if I was going to be able to fall asleep myself. 

I'd cum so many times during the trip, I'd felt like I needed a night to recharge my batteries...and my balls. So, I'd told Ann that the night was going to be all about her, and her pleasure. That idea seemed really stupid when Ann walked out of the bathroom. She looked so hot in her garter and stockings, dressed to fuck, that it took all of my energy to focus on just pleasing her. I doubt she would have minded if I would have changed my mind and fucked her...but then we both would have missed the incredible ending to our day. 

So, it was with great relief, and a little shock, when I woke up feeling more refreshed than I had in what seemed like a month. As I listened to the birds chirping outside the window, I knew I was beginning my next incredible day in California. But as sunlight filled the room, I moved slightly as I stretched...and I knew at once that I was starting the day alone. 

I sat up, and quickly lay back down under the covers as I felt the cold air against my naked back. The room was more frigid than I expected it to be. Yet that was one of the very reasons I'd slept so well. I always got a good night's sleep when I was able to sleep with the windows open. And I always slept well next to a naked goddess, especially after I made her cum all night. It turned out that was even true when I'd made her cum without using my own cock or my tongue. That I had made her cum at least four times using a dildo or two, with the odd vibrator mixed in between, didn't lessen my physical connection to Ann. I made love to her, and I fucked her...I just did it in a different way.

But I woke up cold...and horny. It would have been a perfect morning to just lay in bed with Ann and fuck ourselves warm. Obviously, she had some other idea in mind, because she was up and in the bathroom already. I could hear the hairdryer going, and I realized I'd slept through Ann running her bathwater. I glanced at my watch, which I had placed on the end table next to the couch that held Ann's dildos. It was 10:00AM, in Indiana. Which meant it as seven in the morning for Ann and me...and that really surprised me. We couldn't have gotten more than 5 hours of sleep, and yet she was up and going. 

But I was refreshed. I hadn't slept better in a long, long time. I wondered if my watch had stopped and it was really later than that. Yet, the second hand told me differently. I could only think that Ann must have slept as wonderfully as I did for her to be up so early. 

Ten minutes later, Ann opened the door slowly. She crept across the wooden floor in her bare feet, a pair if while high heeled sandals in her hand. She was wearing a light green sundress that was very snug, yet somewhat modest. It didn't fit the X-rated fare she wore the night before, or the R-rated clothing she wore most of the time. In fact, this was closer to G. But it was still Ann, so it was still sexy. She could have made a plastic bag and duct tape look sexy. But I was still a little surprised she was dressed so conservatively...for her. 

I was also surprised that she appeared to be trying to sneak out of the room. As she passed in front of me, I sat up on my side, holding my head up with my hand, my elbow pressed against the mattress to support it.

"And where do you think you're going, young lady?" I asked, startling her.

"Neil," she said, putting her hand over her heart. "You scared me, baby?"

"Sorry. Just wondering where my lover is running off to so early in the morning. I'm not used to making girls cum harder than they ever have in their life and then having them sneak out on me the next morning. Not even going to leave me note?"

Ann blushed. Changing direction, she walked toward me, kneeling down in front of me before tucking her legs under her perfect bottom in a very ladylike fashion. Her hair was back down, and styled to perfection. Her makeup was modest, yet alluring. She wore a pearl necklace that seemed to reflect in her brown eyes. The only thing that was the same from the night before was her deep red lipstick. 

Ann looked elegant, and very ladylike. And yet she was sitting in the very spot where she was bent over just a few hours before, holding her knees near her head as I plowed one large dildo deep in her ass, while I rammed an identical one in and out of her wet pussy. The contrast of those two images collided in my brain, making me shake my head.

"Are you okay, baby?" she asked. I nodded, still thinking about the how Ann could be two totally different women just hours apart. She took my silence to mean that I was waiting for an answer to my earlier question. "I was going to write a note. But I packed all of my paper. I was going out to get some of Dana's."

"Sure you were," I teased. As I inhaled, I caught the alluring scent of her special perfume. The very fragrance that brought her to me so many times when I was in Indiana, sniffing a lavender envelope scented with it. I pictured Ann writing on that special stationary in the very room I was lying in, dripping a couple of drops of it on the parchment, knowing it would drive me crazy. Now she was driving me crazy with it just a foot away from me.

I could feel my cock growing, just from the aroma. Ann noticed the sheet move near my crotch, and giggled. "I'm not even dressed that sexy, and you still get hard for me. You are one horny man."

"That's because I'm marrying a horny woman. And you're avoiding the question. Where are you going?"

"I'm sorry baby. I'd love to stay and take care of that for you. But we're leaving today, and I promised Allison and Mindy that I'd pick them up from their Grandma's and take them to daycare. I promised them I'd see them one more time before I left."

"We're leaving today? I thought we were leaving tomorrow. Today IS Tuesday, isn't it?"

"Yes...it's Tuesday. We're not leaving California today, baby. But we're leaving this town."

"Where are we going, and when were you going to tell me?"

"I'm sorry...it's kind of a surprise. I hope you don't mind."

"No...but a little notice would have helped."

"Well, I was going to tell you last night when we went to bed. But you made me cum so much I think I passed out there at the end. I don't remember anything much after I started cumming that last time."

"What about Chad and Dana?" 

"I said my goodbyes last night. So did you, remember?"

I thought about it for just a minute, and Ann was right. In fact, EVERY goodbye we'd had was like a last goodbye. It was perfect. It was so perfect, I hadn't thought about how perfect they really were. Ann had orchestrated every ending, so that each final conversation felt right. 

"So, where are we going?" I asked. 

"I told you, it's a surprise."

"Right. Okay...when are we going?"

"In a few hours. I have to go get the girls, and I don't know how long it's going to take. I don't want to rush it, though. I'll be back as soon as I can, but I'm guessing it will be at least nine before I get home. Then I'll change, and we can pack up and go. You can go back to sleep for a while."

"Okay," I said. I kissed Ann on the cheek, not wanting to mess up her lipstick. Then I watched her leave the room. As my head hit the pillow, I heard the door to the house open and close, followed by her car starting. 

Feeling my cock raging, I sat back up. "Well screw this...there's no way I'm going back to sleep now."

~*~*~*~*~*~

I sat there, soaking. Looking around the room, the whole thing seemed a little surreal. I loved the bath I'd had the morning before with Ann. But sitting in a tub, alone, just seemed odd. It wasn't necessarily that I was overwhelmed by the need to fuck Ann. Or that I was somehow consumed by loneliness. I did want to fuck Ann, and I was lonely in that there was no one in the house, so if Ann had been there, we could have fucked for hours. It was more the situation. 

I was hard. I was horny. And I was sitting in a hot bath, which was making me, for whatever reason, harder and hornier. What I needed was a cold shower. And taking a cold bath just seemed too cruel to do to myself just to get my libido in check. So instead, I embraced my horniness. There were times I'd told Ann it was good to be on edge, to feel that constant need to be with her. In some ways I suppose it could considered playfully torturous, yet I knew that when I finally did get to be with Ann, the result would be well worth all the suffering I endured. 

I'd already washed myself, and shaved, before is slipped down totally into the water to soak. I turned on the jets to the Jacuzzi part of the tub and quickly decided that the bath wasn't so bad after all. Tubs with jets weren't that all that common in the late 80's...not like they are today. And I had been too busy enjoying fucking Ann the first time I'd been in the tub to realize how amazing it really was...so now I was enjoying the tub on its own merits. I could see why Ann wanted one for our home.

Leaning back, I was letting one of the jets hit me in the small of my back. I was a little sore from carrying dozens of cartons the previous day to be mailed. Not to mention all the torque required to fuck Ann as much as I had been. The hot spray splashing over my back muscles was soothing. Resting my arms on the edges of the top of the tub, I closed my eyes and thought of Ann.

It couldn't have been more than a couple of minutes before my eyes flew open, like I'd been hit with a jolt of electricity. Jumping up, I turned off the jets and pulled the plug on the tub. I was out and drying myself off as fast as I could, feeling a sudden rush of adrenaline course through my body. My horniness was gone, replaced by a burst of inspiration. But I didn't have much time. In fact, it just might have been running out fast, because I didn't know exactly when Ann would be returning, since I wasn't wearing my watch.

As I threw on a pair of shorts, I looked in the mirror. "It's about time you evened this relationship up a little bit, Thomas," I said, admonishing myself for not thinking like I was sooner...or more often. Knowing time may be short, I figured I'd finish getting ready for whatever Ann had planned for the day afterwards. I had to plan for the rest of the week. 

~*~*~*~*~*~

Listening to the phone ring, I was leafing through the money in my wallet, counting the bills. I had brought a thousand dollars of spending money with me. I don't know why, other that I wanted to be prepared. I also had my credit card, which would take care of any big emergency we might encounter along the way home, but I wanted to pay in cash as much as I could so I wouldn't run up the card. I also had the two grand that Ann's Uncle Marty had given me.

He'd given us what he called an engagement gift, with explicit instructions to make sure I splurged on Ann. To the point, he wanted me to pamper her, and make sure we not only ate well, but that we stayed in nice places. And he didn't want me to tell her about it. I'd given him my promise and a handshake. So, I needed to use that money for what he intended it to be used for. 

I thought back to those last moments in the tub. I'd been relaxing, thinking of Ann. Thinking about how amazing it was to have a girlfriend...hell, a fiancée, that seemed to always want to surprise me. And I was thinking about what today's surprise could be. What magical adventure had Ann come up with that she wanted to share with me? In a flash, my mind went back in time, thinking about all of the amazing things she'd done for me already. I smiled as I relived them quickly in my mind, going from one moment to the next like a fast forward slide show if images in my head. And when I'd finished, I got excited when I thought what she had in store for our day.

But as that thought hit me, I wondered what I'd done for Ann. Sure, there were some moments. Some really good moments, actually. But there was nothing on the level of what Ann came up with. And that's when it hit me. I'd been so focused on being with Ann, I was content with that. I never pretended to be as sexually imaginative as Ann was when it came to setting up something adventurous. My strength was more of making things up on the fly, which was an area that Ann seemed to enjoy. She loved it that I could find ways to make our everyday lives more interesting. So, between the two of us, we seemed to have all the bases covered.

But that didn't mean I COULDN'T be imaginative. I hadn't really tried. And that was what hit me so hard. Ann had gone to such great lengths so many times, and had been so incredibly giving. And all I did was go with the flow. I knew she appreciated what I did for her. After all, I think it was fair to say that I was REALLY good at taking ordinary situations and making them more sexually charged for Ann. But it wasn't like I was working at it all that hard. When a situation presented itself, I took advantage of it. But Ann...she was actually creating the situations. She was thinking, and playing on an entirely different level than I was. She busted her ass to make me happy, and while I knew it was a little harsh, I felt like I hadn't even broken a sweat. It was a little too one sided for my liking. And since Ann had a thing about being even when it came to sex, I knew I needed to step it up a little.

Getting out of the bathroom, I relaxed as I grabbed my watch off the end table. It wasn't as late as I thought, and I knew I had some time. I figured I had at least an hour before Ann would be home. I just wondered if I could pull together all of the resources I'd need in that short amount of time. I had a vague plan when I got out of the tub. It was nowhere as detailed as I wanted, but it was starting to come together a little in my head. What I did know, without a doubt, was that I needed help...just like Ann did with the adventure she'd set up for Tina and me. And I knew who I had to call...the most logical person to help me. Otherwise, I could forget getting the whole thing off the ground. 

I just didn't know if she'd be willing to help. In fact, it was a little hard for me to believe I had already dialed the number.

The voice on the other end of the line sounded sexy, and cheerful. "Good Morning, Beck Manufacturing...how may I direct your call?"

"Good Morning, Nancy. It's Neil."

~*~*~*~*~*~

Calling Nancy was taking a huge risk. But it was also a calculated risk. On the downside, we had a history. It wasn't a long history, but it was a sexual history, and one never knows how that might factor in. I didn't think Nancy was the type to use my asking her for help as a way to get me to fuck her. But it was a risk.

Fucking Nancy was the one thing we hadn't done, and it had been implied that we would. But circumstances changed when I asked Ann to marry me. And as risky as it might have been to call her for help, Nancy bartering her assistance for a chance to fuck me didn't seem like a likely scenario. Sure, Nancy was a self-professed slut. But she also had class. It just wasn't her style to screw me over just to screw me. 

On the upside, there were several reasons calling Nancy was worth the risk. First, she liked me. Not the 'I want to fuck you' kind of like. That happened on the spur of the moment, and the aphrodisiac that was Ann and I as a couple fueled that moment. A lot of the people we came into contact with seemed to get caught in our sexual wake as we passed by. No...Nancy liked me before we hooked up in my office for that quickie, oral style. She was one of the few in the plant that didn't look at me as just Darren's boy. She saw the truth early on that I was my own man, and that I deserved everything I'd gotten because I'd worked for it. And that was one of the reasons I liked HER so much.

Another upside was that Nancy had access...to a phone, and a fax machine. She had experience with setting up itineraries. She'd organized countless business trips for the sales staff, including my Dad. He'd said on more than one occasion how much he appreciated her attention to even the smallest of details to make his trips go smoothly. And, she was a slut, of the romantic variety. Helping to set up a little adventure for me to surprise Ann with just might appeal to her naughty, kinkier side. I could easily see Nancy getting off just at the thought of knowing she played a part in something like what I had in mind. 

But the last reason, the one that I felt would weigh in above all others, was that I was doing this for Ann. Nancy liked Ann a lot...even though they'd never met. More than that, if Nancy thought about it, she really owed Ann in a way. Not for lighting the spark that led to her and me getting together in my office, but rather for reigniting the inferno that now raged within her. Ann's actions with me helped Nancy regain whatever confidence she'd lost that was holding her back. Her sexual life had been somewhat dormant, for as long as I'd worked at the plant. But thanks in some small way to Ann, Nancy was back to being the borderline nymphomaniac she had been earlier in her life. And now there appeared to be no looking back, and certainly no regret.

As it turned out, the risk I'd thought I'd taken wasn't such a risk after all. Nancy couldn't wait to help. I'd spent about five minutes laying out my master plan, telling her what I wanted her to do for me, and for Ann. Nancy was not only willing to help...she came up with a few ideas of her own. 

"Hey, for the second day, what about where Tommy went with Angel for their honeymoon? Remember how much he talked about it?" Nancy said excitedly.

Tommy was Tom Butler, and he worked at the plant. In fact, he was the best mechanic we had, and he was a good friend of mine. We had played a lot of sports together over the years, and he was the kind of guy that would give you his last dollar if you were in a jam. He and his wife Angel had been married about two years, and they each loved to tell about their honeymoon to whoever wanted to listen. Of course, I got a lot of the more risqué details of the honeymoon from Tom, but the overwhelming theme of their stories was how much they loved where they went, which was oddly enough in Colorado. 

That wasn't the place I thought of first when I thought of honeymoon. But Tom insisted that that was exactly why it was perfect. It wasn't a tourist trap, or a overcrowded destination. It was secluded, and romantic. And as he spelled out details, I knew he wasn't kidding. Now, Nancy was bringing it up as a possible place for Ann and me to stay on one of the nights on our trip.

"What do you think?" she asked.

"Isn't that a little farther south? I don't think it's near interstate 80, is it?" 

"Well, it isn't on I-80, that's for sure. But I think it's close. Let me get out the atlas," she said. I could hear her digging around, looking for the big book of maps she used when she was planning trips for the sales staff. A second later, she said, "It's a little out of the way, but it's not as bad as you would think. It'll add a couple of hours on the total trip. When are you coming home?"

"Well, we were looking to drive Wednesday through Saturday. But really, we don't have to be home until Sunday. I just wanted that last day to rest." 

"Well, maybe we can find a place for the two of you to rest that last day that's close to home."

"You know, that's not a bad idea. Maybe we SHOULD just come home on Sunday," I said as I thought about not having to rush the trip. Then again, the idea of doing it in four days was so I could rest before having to go back to work on Monday. I didn't want to be driving a long way that last day of our trip. I told Nancy I'd think about that last part. 
