 I had become totally engrossed in the movie. Sitting on the edge of the overstuffed reclining chair, I was in front of the television in the living room area of the suite Ann and I were staying in. It was a B-movie thriller, with a really hot actress playing the heroine, which was what caught my eye to begin with. Well, her huge tits caught my eyes, and looking at them seemed as good a way as any to kill some time.

And actually, it was more of a C or D-movie...the kind made hilariously infamous on Mystery Science Theatre 3000. All I needed was my best friend Matt sitting beside me, and we would have been cracking jokes about what was happening on the screen just like Joel Robinson, Tom Servo, and Crow T. Robot would have been doing while they were stranded in space. 

Oddly, I went beyond just watching the movie and thinking of how absurd it was. I didn't realize it at the time, but I had actually started following the plot. I had been drawn in further than I would have imagined in the hour or so that I'd been watching it. And because of that, I'd kind of forgotten where I was, and what I was doing there. It was during a suspenseful scene, complete with the ominous, cheesy 'something bad is about to happen' music playing in the background, that I was jolted to my senses. 

When you're sitting in a hotel room all alone in the dark, you're not thinking that anyone is going to come visit you. I'd gotten so immersed in the action on the screen, that when someone came knocking at the door, it startled me. So much that I actually flinched and flew back into the chair. I had to think about what it was I'd heard while I searched around to find the heart that had leapt out of my chest.

There was a second knock, four taps rapping against the door in a steady rhythm. I got up and started to reach for my dress shirt lying over the arm of the nearby couch where I'd left it after taking it off to relax. But I decided against putting it on, instead walking briskly towards the little entrance hallway of the suite before a third knock came. 

Peering through the peephole, I saw Ann's face close to the door. I'm not sure why it surprised me that she was standing there. It never dawned on me that she didn't take a key with her when we'd left the room for the restaurant downstairs. I'd taken mine, and there was no reason to think that we wouldn't have come back to the room together. But for some reason, I thought that Ann had taken her key too, since she had one. She'd said something about going back to the room when she left the restaurant with Maryam to get her massage. Maryam had said she didn't need to, but that made me think Ann had her key...and I just assumed that she would use it to get into the room when she was finished.

I opened the door slowly, only to be surprised for a second time. Ann had moved back a little when she heard me opening the door, and she was standing in the middle of the wide hallway, clad in a plush white robe that came down to mid thigh. She clutched it tight at her chest, holding it closed, which gave me mixed signals. She was acting like she was cold, but her face was flushed; a curious shade of pinkish red.

She also had an odd smile on her face. She looked...bemused. "Are you okay?" I asked as I opened the door all the way.

"Yes...why?" Ann asked; her voice raspy.

"You look...I thought you were going to come back relaxed."

"I am relaxed," she said in an almost dreamy way that made me wonder if she'd been drinking.

"Are you cold? Why are you wearing that robe...you look like you're hot?"

Ann opened her robe, letting it slip over her shoulders into a pile on the floor at her stiletto encased feet. "I am hot," she said, standing nude in the hallway of the hotel. She winked at me, and walked past me, stopping to kiss my cheek as she left me standing there speechless. I'm not sure why, but I grabbed the robe and pulled it into the room before shutting the door as quickly as I could behind me. 

I threw the robe toward the couch that my shirt was on, missing it entirely as it landed on the floor. I'd become distracted looking at Ann, who was standing next to the drapes, posing for me. The room was still dark, but I could see her eyes. They seemed to glow like a cat...the fire in them ablaze as they reflected the dim light from the black and white picture coming from the TV screen. 

"That must have been SOME massage Maryam gave you," I said as I looked at Ann.

"Mmm...it was," she said. And the way she said it made my spine tingle. It was amazing how just a few words could be so laced with sexual overtones...and it made me wonder what happened to make Ann say it the way she had.

Before I could ask anything, Ann turned her back to me, and quickly opened the drapes of our room. Turning again, she pressed her naked back up against the glass and she motioned me over with her index finger, crooking it as she gave me a 'come hither' smile.

I didn't run, but I did seem to glide across the carpet like I was being moved by some magical force. Ann pressed her hand against my chest when I tried to take her into my arms, making me stop in place in front of her. Dropping to her knees, she unzipped my fly, pulling my hard shaft out, but leaving my pants on. She looked up at me as she moved closer to my cock, licking her lips. 

"Just so you know...you're going to cum twice tonight."

I was a little stunned by her statement "I'm not sure I can, babe," I said, thinking about what time it was, and how many times I'd cum since she and I had gotten back together.

A mixture of desperation and determination came over Ann as she looked at me. "It wasn't a request, Neil. I'm telling you...you're GOING you to cum twice for me tonight."

I wasn't sure how that changed anything, but the way Ann seemed to demand it of me hit home when she took my cock into her mouth and started sucking the head. I felt her tongue twirl around the mushroom cap, flying back and forth as she played with me. I looked out the window for a brief moment; the thought of the young mother I had fucked in front of the window of a Northern Virginia hotel flashing through my mind very briefly. But unlike Melody, Ann was mostly out of sight of anyone outside. This window didn't go all the way to the floor like that one did...but still, Ann's head would have been visible. And it was pretty obvious what she was doing.

I closed my eyes as she took me deeper into her mouth, her head moving back and forth as she played with my balls. Then she moved off of me, licking down my shaft as she pressed my erection against my stomach, holding the head with her fingers. Ann licked at my balls, lifting them one at a time with her tongue as if she was trying to see how heavy they were. And then she took them into her mouth, pulling at them as she sucked hard. I let out a gasp as I felt her teeth scrape against them playfully.

"Mmmm," Ann moaned as she tried to get both of my nuts in her mouth at the same time, to no avail. But the fact that she even tried was enough to make me weak in the knees. I leaned forward, placing the palm of my left hand against the window to steady myself as I locked my knees, which made Ann giggle as she went back to sucking my balls one at a time.

Ann massaged the tip of my cock against my hard abdomen as she licked and sucked my balls, squeezing it and making the precum seep out. Moving up my shaft with her tongue, Ann licked at the nectar she'd helped create, playing with it. She pulled her head back, a string of that precum clinging to the tip of her tongue, connecting it to my cockhead. Ann kept moving back slowly, like she wanted to see how far she could go before the little lifeline between her tongue and my cock finally broke.

Her eyes grew wild, and she let go of my cock, letting it spring forward in front of her face. When it stopped bobbing, she practically pounced forward, devouring my entire shaft down her throat in one quick motion. Ann held her mouth against my pubic bone, her face impaled over my hard cock...and she moved her head from side to side, wiggling me inside of her throat.

My left hand stayed glued to the glass window, but my right hand found its way to the back of Ann's head. My fingers became ensnared in her hair as I held it tightly. I pulled her strands a little, and Ann took my hint and started fucking me with her face. Her strokes were long and steady as she moved back and forth over my shaft.

It was more than I could take. From what Ann was doing to me, to standing in front of a window while she was doing, to all of the sweet torture she'd put me through that last hour we'd drove in the car, I couldn't take any more. Okay, sure...we'd had dinner, and then Ann had a massage between the events in the car and the incredible blowjob she was giving me now. But I was close, and Ann knew it. She felt my balls in her hands, and knew I was ready to go off.

"Cum for me, baby," Ann pleaded in her sexy, raspy voice. She started stroking my cock as she opened her mouth. Her tongue licked the bottom of my cock at the head, flicking it as her soft hand moved slowly back and forth.

"I'mmmmmmm CUMMING ANN," I yelled out as I felt my balls jerk up.

As my load raced up my shaft, Ann moved slightly, lowering her body, her thighs resting on her calves as she sank down. My first shot arced over her head, splattering against the glass of the window, followed quickly by the second one. Then Ann moved back in place, her mouth open with her tongue extended. I shot several more big ropes of hot sperm, all of them landing on her lips and mouth. When I'd finally finished firing, Ann took the head of my cock back into her mouth, swirling her tongue around it.

It was one of those times after cumming, where my cock was overly sensitized. It didn't happen all the time, but when it did, the nerve endings in my cockhead made it feel like it was electrified. I had tried to stand upright, but when Ann sucked wildly on my prick, my knees actually buckled, and I lost my balance. I fell backwards, my hands breaking my fall as I landed on my ass. 

"Oh my God...Neil! Are you okay?" Ann said, her voice strained out of concern.

"Yeah...you just sucked my brains out, that's all," I said as I lied back and tried to catch my breath.

Ann giggled and pounced at me again, taking my shaft back in her mouth, deepthroating me a couple of times before she pulled off. Crawling up my body, she lay on top of me and took my face in her hands.

"I love how much you cum, baby!" she said. Leaning down, she gave me a sticky, erotic kiss, making me taste my load on her lips. Not that I minded...I loved the way she reacted whenever I did that, and this was no exception. She wiggled on top of me and let out a long moan. "Mmmmm...that was great. Thanks, lover."

"I...should be...thanking you!" I said, still breathless.

"You just did, when you came all over me...and look at that," she said as she pointed at my cum running down the glass. "You made a stained glass window!" she cracked, making me laugh out loud.

~*~*~*~*~*~

I hung up the phone, still a little stunned by the answer I'd gotten from the Shirley at the front desk.

"They don't have one," I said, shrugging my shoulders.

"They don't?" Ann said, her face questioning my statement as she sat on the edge of the bed, a wine bottle and the two stemmed glasses in her hands. She looked so sexy there in the light of the lamp I'd turned on so I could see what number I needed to dial to get the front desk. Ann was sitting naked with her legs crossed, one knee over the other. She'd cleaned her face, and she had re-applied her makeup, saying she wanted to look fresh for me. 

Ann had brought a bottle of Chardonnay from Napa Valley for us to celebrate our first night together as a couple. Well, our second...or third, depending on how you counted it. We'd been alone together the night I arrived in California, when we stayed at her friend Sonya's house. And we'd slept together every night since, included the overnight stay at the Bed and Breakfast the night before in Sacramento. But somehow, driving all day and having left California behind, kind of made Ann and I look at each other just a little differently. 

We were on our own; traveling across the country together, to start our new life...as a couple. Just being out of California really made that point hit home with me...and even more so with Ann. We were moving, and not just to Indiana. Eventually, we'd be going all the way to the eastern part of West Virginia, and we'd be on our own together. While the thought of that was a little overwhelming, what with a new state, a new town, new jobs, and being newlyweds to boot, the idea that we were going to be together forever really sank in somewhere in Nevada. And it excited us both. 

Ann had brought the wine, hoping we would experience that very sentiment somewhere along the trip, and we'd want to celebrate when we did. That she thought of something so amazing in the first place made my heart smile. She seemed to always be thinking ahead about things, looking for perfect little moments to share; packing the two long stemmed glasses in her suitcase to go along with the wine was just another example of how amazing Ann was. Of course, it might have helped had she thought to bring a corkscrew along for the ride. But I could forgive her that...she had already outdone herself all day long, it would have never occurred to me to complain.

I had called down the front desk thinking they'd have one, but I was told otherwise. I looked at Ann, seeing the question on her face as she tried to process what I'd told her. 

"No, they don't. But you know...I'm sure I have a Swiss Army knife somewhere in my suitcase. Dad preached that whole 'be prepared' thing for the trip, and I know I brought one just in case of an emergency."

"An emergency?" Ann asked.

"Yeah. Although I'm sure he didn't have a wine emergency in mind. But then again, you never know," I laughed.

"They really don't have a corkscrew at the desk?"

"She said it's a dry county, Ann. What can I say? Our waiter never asked us if we wanted anything alcoholic, and now that I think about it, I don't remember seeing anything on the menu...or a wine list."

"A dry COUNTY? What the hell is that all about?"

"We're in UTAH, babe."

"So! What...you can have six wives here, but you can't have a glass of wine?"

I laughed out loud and said, "Wow...that was a little harsh."

"Why? I mean, I know that really doesn't happen here anymore...but this is pretty much the only state in the country where it did. I would think they'd be just a little less conservative, wouldn't you? I mean, you have to figure that if you DO have six wives, then on any given day...ONE of them is probably going through PMS. It just seems to me the guys that came up with the whole 'I want to bang as many women as I can, so it'll look better if I'm married to all of them' idea would have figured that out too. And then the very next thing they should have realized is...if you're going to go through all of that shit, you're REALLY going to need a drink every now and then."

I laughed hysterically as I reached for my shirt on the arm of the couch. Grabbing the car keys off the desk, I headed towards the door. Shaking my head, I said, "Wow. That puts a whole new spin on getting a little extra pussy on the side."

Ann nodded, and asked, "Where are you going, baby?" 

"To get the knife. I told you, it's in my other bag, and it's still in the car."

"Do you really need to put your shirt on just for that?"

"How do I know? If you can't get a drink here, maybe there's some obscure law about being shirtless in public. You never know."

Ann stood up and walked over to me, placing the bottle of wine and the glasses on the end table next to the couch. She took my shirt from my hand, and slipped her arms inside, pulling it up over her shoulders. She was swimming in it as she buttoned up a couple of buttons. Taking the car keys from my hand, Ann turned away from me. 

I thought about the comment she'd made in the elevator when we'd gone to dinner...and she was right. There really is nothing like a sexy woman wearing a man's dress shirt...and only the dress shirt. Well, except for the white high heels Ann was wearing, which added to the look. She was sexiness personified.

"Where are you going?" I asked, teasing her. 

"I'm going to get your knife so we can open the wine," Ann said confidently.

"You don't even know where it is?"

"I'll find it, Neil. Have a little faith."

Ann walked out the door, and I walked over to the window. I found our car, which was parked underneath one of the security lights in the parking lot. Not only that...but unbeknownst to me at the time, I'd parked pretty much directly below our room. I had a perfect view...one that had escaped me moments earlier when I'd glanced outside for a moment while Ann had sucked me, making me cum on the very window I was now gazing through. 

I stared at my load, still slowly oozing down the glass. But then my eyes shifted to the window itself. It was a split window, with the panes running vertically so that the window could be opened. I opened the latch, and slid the window to the left, creating a little opening that would let fresh air into the room. There was a built in stopper, only allowing the window to open slightly. I'm sure that was for safety reasons, since we were four floors up. Still, it was enough for me to peer through without having the glass in front of me.

And along with that unobstructed view came inspiration. I tore across the room, scrambling to find my camera. Now that we had a safe and reliable source to develop our film, we were using the 35mm camera for the racy, explicit photos we loved taking. And that allowed for new opportunities that never existed with the Polaroid. Most notable at the moment was the ability to zoom in with the lens. 

I found the orange canvas bag mixed in with the luggage Johnny the bellhop had brought up, and checked the camera. There were only two pictures left on the roll of film, so I grabbed a fresh pack and headed for the window. I took two quick pictures to check the angle and lighting, and then I changed out the film so I'd be ready for when Ann walked outside.

Standing in front of the window, I had a naughty grin on my face. With the camera in hand, I felt a little thrill, thinking that I would be sort of spying on Ann. But I was also pretty sure she knew I'd be looking, or at least attempting to look. I had to wait a couple of minutes, but finally I spotted her walking down the sidewalk, her back to me as she made her way to the car.

There was no car parked on the driver's side, which was closest to me, and Ann walked through that empty space towards the hatch. I snapped off a couple of quick pictures, playing around with the zoom lens some more to get both wide angle and close up shots of Ann as she walked. She was hidden behind the car for quite some time, the hatch up as she rummaged around. I saw her pull a couple of items out and set them on the pavement of the parking lot as she dug deeper into the car to get to my suitcase. I did get one nice close-up shot of her left leg sticking straight out in the air, parallel to the ground as she bent over to reach into the car. It was just her bare leg, but it still made a chill run down my spine.

A minute or so later, Ann walked back to the side of the car and put the knife and the keys on the roof, and then she went back underneath the hatch and started putting all the things back that she'd taken out. Closing the hatch, she picked up the items as I took a couple more pictures. Then she surprised me by looking up. If I had thought about it, I would have turned off the light I'd turned on in our room. But as it was, I was lit up and in plain view for her, even at that distance 
