 Everywhere we looked, whether it was close up or a faraway panoramic view, it was like something you'd find on a postcard. The scenery was so stunning; so spectacularly beautiful, that it took my breath away. And Ann was having the same reaction to it that I was.

"Slow down baby...I can't focus the camera as fast as you can. I'm messing up."

I laughed as I looked at her naked body, and I said, "We can take some pictures when we come back down tomorrow, babe. I'm more interested in getting you to where we're going so we can have some fun, and I really don't know how much farther it is."

Ann smiled and put the camera down for a moment to look at me. Her smile was warm and sexy, and it showed her love for me. And then, in an instant, it changed as she wrinkled her nose a little, and her eyes narrowed. That same smile turned into one that I had become intimately familiar with...and the electric jolt it caused ran through my body, landing directly in my crotch. Ann bit her lower lip of that naughty smile as she moved her eyes, scanning down my body. 

Ann's stare also landed directly on my lap, and she leaned over, her right hand touching my thigh. She moved it up, slowly...like she was being cautious. Every few seconds, she'd shift her gaze; her deep brown eyes trying to make contact with mine. It wasn't easy because I was driving, but when I did lock onto her eyes, they seemed to sparkle in time with my heartbeat, which was increasing with each passing moment. I'm sure that effect was really all in my head, but the way my pulse was racing, it seemed like her irises were flashing with an energy that made them reflect her desire.

"May I?" she said, asking permission. I smiled and nodded, letting her know that I approved.

Her fingertips found the tab on my zipper, and she lowered it in one slow, smooth motion. I felt another jolt as those same fingers reached inside and touched my growing shaft. Ann opened the front of my shorts wider, making more room. She lovingly removed not only my cock, but also my bulging balls, which were now alive and working to create yet another big load of cum that would undoubtedly find a happy place to land in the coming hours. 

With my prick now free from its confines, and held up even more majestically from the big heavy balls supporting it underneath, Ann leaned back onto her seat and admired her handiwork.

"Mmm...that looks so perfect," Ann said as she raised the camera and focused the lens on my shaft.

"What are you doing?" 

The shutter fired as Ann pushed the button on the camera, and then she refocused, moving her body to get a different angle.

"I'm practicing," she said with a giggle.

"Practicing what?" I asked, pulling out yet another obvious question from my seemingly endless supply of them.

Ann peered from around the camera after taking another photo, her eyes ablaze with lust. "Neil, you must have a couple hundred pictures of me by now between the two cameras. But I don't have that many of just you. And...since I can't seem to figure out how to focus this camera, I need to practice with it. I can't think of a better way to practice than this."

~*~*~*~*~*~

We were sitting in a booth in a brightly lit, family style restaurant in Loveland, Colorado. It wasn't a national chain. Instead, it was local place, filled with a quirky charm; the aroma of delicious, home cooked food thick in the air. That...and it was ridiculously inexpensive. 

Whenever I could, I tried to shy away from the big corporate type restaurants. I loved finding hidden, out of the way gems that put a premium on service and taste, instead of the items hanging on their walls. This one was perfect. It wasn't big, but it wasn't small either. I suppose a tired old fairytale cliché was in order, but that thought made me cringe. Still, in truth, it was just right. It was decorated rather poorly, with a color scheme that died somewhere in the mid 70's, but to me, that only added to the charm of the place. Ann felt it too as soon as we walked in, grabbing my arm and hugging it, her head resting on my shoulder as we waited to be seated.

With the place being so illuminated, Ann could have felt self conscious wearing just the white dress shirt, without a bra. Her tanned skin showed underneath, along with her hard nipples and dark areolas. Yet she didn't seem to care when we walked in. She did have most of the buttons fastened, leaving just the top couple undone. And, she'd left the tail out, to help hide the erotic shorts she was wearing. But she stood next to me, looking sexy and confident.

Before Ann got out of the car, I'd retrieved a pair of black high heels out of the back for her to wear instead of the canvas sneakers and low cut socks she'd worn briefly earlier in the day. When I handed them to her she said something about ruining the appearance she'd worked so hard to create in the morning, but I reminded her that I was in charge, and told her that heels always made hot outfits hotter. She just grinned as she slipped them on for me. Walking into the restaurant in them, at first glance with the shirt the way she was wearing it, it looked like she wasn't wearing shorts at all, and she said that made her feel wicked. And that explained how she was acting.

Ann was sitting across from me, eating seductively from a plate of spaghetti. I was enjoying the view she was providing, along with my ribeye steak smothered in sautéed mushrooms. Ann looked stunning as she ate. From the playful way she'd done her hair in the tight pigtails...to her angelic face and how she'd applied her makeup, to the clothes that were covering her hot, tight body; everything about her screamed sexy. She took another bite, using her tongue in a fashion that could only be described as teasing as she tried to keep me hard during our dinner.

But she didn't need her tongue to do that. Her foot was doing a fine job all by itself under the table. Ann had once again slipped off one of her heels, doing it herself this time, and her toes were resting against my balls, slowly moving every once in a while just to keep me excited. And yet, that was the extent of her teasing me, because of our...well, our agreement.

When Ann and I had stopped to eat, we were both on edge. That wonderful, sexual high that you get just before you're about to rip each other's clothes off, and devour each other in a few hours of carnal lust driven pleasure. After she put on her heels I took her hand, and Ann stood up into my arms, hugging me tightly.

"It's been such an amazing day so far, baby. I can't imagine what you have in store for me tonight, but I know it's going to be incredible," Ann said as she held me close.

I felt a quick shiver go down my spine, suddenly feeling a little nervous. I still didn't know if Tina had anything in store for us, and I wanted to be prepared in case she hadn't been able to come up with anything for the evening. But now I was worried that my still evolving backup plans for our evening wouldn't live up to what Ann was now expecting. 

But as I looked into her eyes, just before she kissed me, I felt a calm come over me. I knew in the moment of that kiss that Ann would be happy with anything. Anything at all...as long as it involved the two of us, and some kind of sexual activity. Well, that wasn't entirely true. I truly believed that Ann and I didn't have to have any kind of sex and she would have been just as happy. Just our being together, in what I had been told countless times by my friend Tommy Butler and his wife Angel was as the most perfect, romantic setting ever, would be enough for Ann. And knowing she felt that way meant it would be enough for me.

But sex WAS on our minds, and that was what had Ann concerned. As we broke off the kiss, Ann looked into my hazel eyes and said, "Neil, can we...take a little break while we eat?"

"Take a break? What do you mean, baby?"

"I want to kind of just enjoy some regular conversation while we're eating...kind of get to know each other a little more away from the bedroom, if that makes any sense."

"Sure...you don't want to talk about sex...or do anything sexual. I get it."

"That's kind of what I mean, Neil...but maybe a little harsher than I'd say it. I want to FEEL the sexiness we have together. But I don't want to talk about it, or dwell on it. I just want to be with you, and enjoy each other's company during dinner. I need to turn off that side of me for a while, okay?"

I leaned down, and kissed Ann on the forehead. Smiling at her, I said, "Sure, Ann. That's okay. Let's go get something to eat...I'm starving."

~*~*~*~*~*~

"So, tell me about what else you have in mind for our family?" Ann said as she nibbled at her beautiful garden salad.

"What do you mean?" I laughed, taking another bite from my own.

"Well, you said on our way here that our kids are going to wake up in our own house on Christmas morning, and when I asked you about it, you said you'd been thinking about a lot of things like that. So tell me, what else have you been thinking about?"

"Ha...well, not as much as you would think."

"Neil, seriously, what else?" Ann said; her deep brown eyes wide open, and her face full of wonder.

"Okay...well, one of the things I thought about was what life will be like when we go home after we have kids."

"Go home...to our house?"

"No...when we go back to Indiana to visit our parents."

"Oh...wow...you HAVE been thinking about the future, haven't you?"

"My mind wandered a lot when we are apart Ann, but it always seemed to wander around us in some way. And believe it or not, it wasn't ALWAYS about sex."

"I believe you baby. So, what is it about going back to Indiana to see our parents that had you thinking?"

"Nothing now. But I was thinking that because they live in the same town, things could get more complicated once we have kids."

"You mean, other than just us having to deal with kids?" Ann asked with a laugh.

"Yeah...we'll be dealing with Grandparents too. And that's a LOT more complicated that just dealing with parents. So, I was thinking that since my folks and your folks live so close, there's no reason to have to move from house to house like we would if they were, say, an hour or so apart. No matter who we stay with, the other set of Grandparents will still get to see our kids. So...I was thinking that no matter how long we stay, if it's one day, or ten...we alternate where we stay each time. You have to figure it will even out over time, right?"

"I suppose so, yeah. So we're going to start that once we have kids?" 

"Actually, I think we should start once we're married, and not tell them about it. We can stay with your Mom and Dad first, and then alternate after that. I think if we just tell them that's what we're doing, and then we keep doing it, once we have children there won't be any arguments about who gets to have the kids stay at their house."

"Oh my GOD, Neil...that's actually brilliant! I never thought about all of that before...but having kids will change everything when it comes to our parents, won't it?"

"Well, I hope not that much, but I think it's only natural that it's going to happen to some extent. I'm more concerned about how it's going to change US. I know we've talked about that, and I know we're both going to bust our asses to make sure it doesn't change us that much...but I still think about that too."

Ann rubbed her foot into my balls a little harder and said, "You have my word, baby. I'm going to do everything I can to make sure we stay the way we are now."

"Ha...I know you will Ann. And so will I...I promise."  

"Okay...your turn!" she said enthusiastically.

"My turn for what?" I asked, as took another bite of my salad.

"Your turn to ask ME a question."

"Oh...okay," I said as I finished chewing and swallowed. I stabbed my fork in my salad again. Lifting it up, I showed it to Ann and grinned. "When's the last time you had cucumber in your salad?"

"What?" Ann laughed.

I winked at her and said, "You heard me."

"At my parent's house," she snickered, thinking about the salad she made for me the night I met her Mom and Dad, complete with the cucumber she'd used to masturbate with at my urging. "That's also the last time I had one in my pussy...and you promised we wouldn't talk about sex during dinner, Neil."

"You can't tell me that it didn't cross your mind the first time you took a bite of the cucumber in that salad, Ann. I could see it in your eyes."

"Yes...I thought about it. But that doesn't mean I want to talk about it. My turn. Are there any OTHER things that you've thought about regarding us, and kids?"

"I don't want any Junior's."

"Huh?"

"If we have a boy, I don't want them having my name. No Junior's...I personally don't like the idea of someone having the same name as me. I think they should have their own identity."

"You feel that strongly about it?" she asked, looking a little perplexed.

"I don't have any issues with other people that have done it. It works for them, and that's cool. But for me...well...it doesn't work for me. I can't explain it."

"You don't have to. I respect you feelings, Neil." 

"Maybe I just don't want to be known as Senior," I laughed.

"I'm pretty sure we can come up with another name, baby. There are a lot of names we can choose from."

"Thanks babe. Speaking of names...now it's my turn again. Explain DeeDee to me."

"Explain it? Explain what? I don't understand your question."

"The night we played the board game with Chad and Dana, you called her DeeDee. But I never heard him call her that, or anyone else for that matter. Is that her nickname?"

"Well, it's my nickname for her...so yeah, I guess it is one."

"So, where did it come from?" 

"Her name, silly. Her given name is Dana Desiree...so it's DeeDee for short."

"Is that really the reason?" I pressed, thinking there was more to it than that.

Ann shrugged her shoulders, shot me a sexy smile, and said, "Well...that's PART of it. I also call her DeeDee because of her big tits. They're double D's...so, it kind of fit all the way around."

"Okay...what about her nickname for you?"

"Uh-uh! It's MY turn to ask a question."

"Oh...sorry. Ask away."

"Where are we going tonight? How did you come up with the idea to come to Colorado when it's obviously not on the way?" 

I could tell by the way Ann was looking at me, and the way she'd asked the question, that she didn't want the entire evening spelled out to her. But she did want to know something. And I'd done a pretty good job to that point of keeping everything a secret. While I had no intention of giving her any details that would spoil the night, I felt compelled to give her something. And as I thought about it, I could see me using it to my advantage in some ways.

"Well, where we're going is a place Tommy told me about. He's a friend of mine from work, and it's where he and his wife Angel went on their honeymoon. They wanted to go somewhere that was beautiful and romantic...but also secluded. They didn't want to be bothered, so they picked a place that wasn't a normal honeymoon destination. So, where we are going is pretty remote...and pretty high."

"High...what do you mean by high?"

"Tommy told me it was something like 7,500 feet above sea level. We're going up into the mountains, babe."

"What's the name of it?"

"Well...I'm not telling you that."

"Oh...not my turn?"

"That...and it's a surprise. I've told you all I'm going to tell you, other than...we're going to be very alone tonight babe. There may not be anyone around to hear you screaming," I said with an evil little laugh.

I could feel Ann's body tremble a little, her foot vibrating against my balls as what I said sank in. In truth, I could have meant just about anything...but the look in her eyes told me she was excited. But I didn't want her dwelling on that. I'd promised to keep the conversation clear of sexual topics, so I tried to change the focus.

"What does Annabelle mean? How did Dana come up with that?" I asked.

Ann snorted, a little smirk appearing on her face. "Oh God...do I really have to tell you that?" she laughed.

"Is it that bad?" I laughed.

"I guess that depends. I suppose it really isn't," she said smiling. "Okay...long story short, it's a combination of my name...and the name of a girl that Chad knew."

I knew from the way she was looking at me that there was more to the story than that...much more. Not letting her off that easy, I leaned forward, pulling my elbows on the table, and I said, "What in the world does that mean? You're going to have to give me a few more details than that, Annabelle."

"Oh...now YOU'RE going to start calling me that?"

"Maybe...depends on what you tell me. And please DON'T drag it out. I'd like to know now."

Ann laughed out loud, drawing attention to us. And for once, it had nothing to do with us doing anything sexual. It was just her adorable, infectious laugh that naturally made people want to look. She put her hand over her mouth for a moment, and then she composed herself.

"I really am sorry I'm so bad about that Neil. But I'm also glad you don't get mad about it. I don't mean to do it...it just kind of happens," she smiled.

"And yet...you're doing it now, just trying to apologize for doing it all the time."

Ann's eyes opened wide, the shock hitting her. "OH MY GOD...I AM," she said out loud, which brought about another round of giggles. "Okay...okay. So, I've known Dana for a long time. I knew her when she was married to her first husband, and I was there for her during the divorce."

"That doesn't surprise me," I said, knowing how Ann was always there for her friends.

"Yeah...so, she goes for like a year on her own, and then one day I get a call, and she tells me she's dating a guy, who turns out to be Chad. She says she's been seeing him for a couple of months, and he's great with the girls...and it's getting serious. And she tells me she wants me to meet him. So, I told her I'd meet them somewhere, and we ended up going to this restaurant. They're there, waiting on me when I show up after I got off of work, and as I walk up to the table and he gets up to shake my hand, he's got this really weird look on his face. It's almost a panic."

"Really? Why?"

"I'm getting to that. We sit down, and we have a pretty nice meal. But the whole time, I'm getting this strange vibe from Chad. He's not looking me in the eye, but he keeps stealing little glances. The whole thing was uncomfortable. I'm thinking he's some kind of jerk, frankly...and in my head, I'm trying to figure out how I'm going to tell Dana about it, because my impression is the guy is hiding something. And I know she wants my opinion of him. That's why she asked me to dinner in the first place." 

"She wanted your opinion?"

"Yeah. She felt he was the right guy, but she was scared because of what she'd been through. So...she wanted a second opinion from someone that she knew would be honest and objective. The funny thing was, I was actually thinking about just letting it go, and telling her that he was great. Because really, he was...I was just getting this odd feeling, but I kept telling myself I was overreacting. I WANTED him to be the guy for her."

"So what did you tell her?"

"Well, she called me the next day, and she said she had a great time, but she wasn't sure if Chad did. She said he was really quiet on the way home, and he seemed really nervous. So...I HAD to tell her what I thought. I told her I got this really strange feeling from him, like he was checking me out or something. I told her that I could be wrong, but it wasn't what I had expected him to act like, based on how she'd described him. But I also told her that she needed to go with her gut, and not rely on my first impression. She asked me what she should do, and I just said if she really loved him, she needed to talk to him about it."
