 We've all experienced primary school crushes, but for some reason, my crush on a girl called Susan continued far beyond my school days. She had been a stunningly beautiful girl, even in Primary school, but it had been over ten years since I last saw her, having left my town soon after primary school, and I wondered whether my idea of her was just an image clouded with nostalgia. Surely now she would not be the same cutesy, dimpled blonde I had known and in a way loved.

I was wrong though. Since moving on and making a career for myself, I had deliberately neglected my home town. I knew only a handful of people there now, and returning home once every two years was enough to satisfy their fascination with how I was doing.

It was Christmas time when I last returned home. And along with all the Christmas traditions, I attended mass with my family on Christmas morn. It was there I bumped into Susan.

I couldn't believe my eyes when I saw her for the first time in over ten years. To my utter disbelief she looked even better than before. Her blonde hair had turned even blonder, and her dark skin indicated she had spent some time abroad, and best of all when she smiled, those amazing dimples appeared again.

I couldn't blame her for not recognising me when I said hello to her after mass. I had been heavier as a teenager than I was now. After spending my adolescence growing in all the wrong directions, it took a lot of hard work to get my body toned, but I had never doubted it was worth the effort, especially when I think of all the women who have gotten wet at the sight of my six pack.

I could tell Susan was impressed. She eyed me up and down when I reminded her who I was, and then she done the unthinkable and extended me an invitation to a get together with her and some of her friends from school. I accepted readily.

The party itself was at Susan's house. Surprisingly, while she was at home over Christmas, her Mother and father had decided to go away on Holidays, and celebrate the Christmas down under!

Susan didn't mind though, and organised a small dinner party at the house on Christmas night. She welcomed me with a big hug when I came to the door, bearing chocolates and Champagne (Moet & Chandon no less).

I recognised some of the old friends from school, who I had not seen since those days. I quickly noticed that two of the girls, Hillary and Margarita were eyeing me up, amazed at my transformation.

I also noticed that there were six women and only two men at the party, myself and Conor, another school mate and a cousin of Susan's. The other three girls were too engrossed in gossip to do much more than say hello to me, but then my school had always had it's fair share of snobby toffs.

I was seated next to Susan at the head of the table, and with so many single girls on the prowl she was keen to let them know that I was her focus of attention, and her guest.

We started with some light conversation during the meal but by the time the Coffee had arrived myself and Susan were sharing our experiences in life.

The party split up about 12, and everyone went home pretty much together. Margarita gave me her phone number and told me to call her to 'catch up on old times'. She said goodbye with a wink and a knowing smile.

I had earlier offered to help Susan clear everything away after the meal, and she accepted, so I set about clearing the table when she locked her arms around my waist.

"Thanks for tonight Rob" she said. "Hillary and Margarita are man eaters, I was afraid they might steal you away."

What I said next kind of caught the both of us by surprise "They couldn't have stolen me away from you ten years ago, and they certainly aren't going to do it now."

She turned to me. "What do you mean?" she asked. Well I had a huge crush on you in school Susan, and I think now it's something more serious.

We embraced quickly, locking our mouths together for what seemed like forever. We finally broke and she flashed her dazzling smile at me and said "let's leave the washing up until the morning."

It took a few seconds to fathom what we were about to do, but Susan led me through the hallway and into her bedroom.

She turned to me and said. "I don't want to be alone on Christmas night. And Santa didn't bring me what I wanted. A man," and then she hesitated before continuing "Or maybe he did."

Again we kissed deeply, my tongue pushing past the willing flesh of her lips and discovering the taste of her mouth. It was divine.

When we stopped she drew away from me and turned her back towards me. She undid the zip at the top of her dress, slid it down to her thighs, and let the dress fall gracefully from her shoulders.

It was then I realised for the first time, Susan had not been wearing any underwear. In fairness you couldn't wear a bra with the dress she had on, but to see her firm naked ass in front of me silenced me instantly.

I went towards her again, and as she turned around she dropped to her knees in front of me. One of her delicate hands undid my fly while the other one delved inside and removed my already rock hard member.

Susan pulled back the foreskin and put the head of my cock into her mouth. All at once I was rocked by the pleasure of this woman's caress.

I closed my eyes as she let more of the eight inch tool penetrate her mouth. When she began sucking on almost six inches of my cock I was in heaven.

Here was a girl I had lusted after since school, placed on a pedestal, and she was giving me some of the best head I ever had in my life.

I was in such a state that I didn't even realise I was so close to the edge of coming. Susan knew though, and when she felt my cock begin to quiver she increased her efforts, and managed to get almost all of my dick into her mouth, with her nose buried in my trousers.

All of a sudden I bucked. I put my hands on my ass and I rocketed out four or five searing bursts of spunk. And amazingly, Susan never flinched. She swallowed it all, and even continued sucking as my cock began turning semi-erect.

When she finally did relent she rose to her feet, still with my cock in her hand and asked. "Will you do the same to me?" She was lost for words when I said "No," but I let her stutter for a bit before I added "I'll do even better."

Again we kissed, but this time briefly, as I pushed her back towards the bed. With one arm around her back I lay her down on the large double bed, and moved my mouth from hers, down to one of her nipples.

Her breasts were gorgeous, and she obviously tanned in the nude, because there wasn't a bikini line in sight. My hand drifted down between her legs, but I didn't go near her pussy yet, instead rubbing the inside of her thighs, coming ever closer to her sweet snatch.

When her nipple had become rock hard in my mouth, and the other one also standing proud, I knew it was time to move on. I kissed down her stomach to where her neatly trimmed pussy invited me ever closer.

She parted her legs wide to make things easier for me, and with one hand holding her firm ass, I spread her pussy lips wide with the other and lowered my mouth onto her cunt.

Even the smallest first touch sent a shiver down Susan's back. She had obviously been looking for this kind of attention all evening, and I was happy to provide it now.

I licked her pussy in long strokes, before centring in on her love button. I bit it playfully then turned the full force of my tongue on it.

I could feel Susan's thighs bucking underneath my tongue, and even though it felt like only a few minutes, it must have been longer, for as suddenly as my climax had hit me, Susan suddenly started panting "I'm coming, oh god I'm coming. Keep going Rob, please make me fucking come."

I never did stop. My mouth was firmly lodged around her love button, licking it for all I was worth, while I slipped a finger into her pussy and immediately felt her pussy spasm around it, contracting and expanding, squeezing for all it was worth.

She let out a long lingering moan that had my own senses tingling, and restored rigidity to my cock. And she continued to moan, and her pussy juices were getting richer. I could feel them trickle down my finger into the palm of my hand.

I let the last of her quakes subside before I stopped focusing my attention on her pussy. She was still breathing heavily, but pulled me up to her face, where she kissed me more passionately than we had all evening.

Glancing at her flushed state I asked her when was the last time she was with a guy. She kind of looked embarrassed, and said that she hadn't had a boyfriend in six months. I found it unbelievable, but she explained that in Saudi Arabia, where she was working as a nurse, socialising was not all that big a thing. And most of the doctors were married anyway.

"If you sleep with a Saudi then he expects you to marry him, so I was practically celibate since I went over in June." she explained.

"Well it looks like you have a lot of catching up to do then, doesn't it." I said, noting a wry smile spread on her lips. "Do you want me to continue?" I asked. "Oh God yes!" was her enthusiastic reply.

And so I did. I reached down, undid my trousers properly and undressed in front of her. I may not be Baywatch extra material, my skin is too white for that, but I could see her looking at my impressive six pack and then wandering further down to my eight inch tool.

She was, by now, sitting on the edge of the bed, drinking in my manly frame. I took her hand and asked her to stand up. I put my hands underneath her ass and she instinctively jumped up and wrapped her legs around my waist, and her arms around my broad shoulders.

We kissed again and I lay her body back on the bed. She grabbed hold of my erect member and rubbed it gently up and down her slit before pushing the tip of it inside her cunt.

It's just as well she had come before this stage, because her pussy was almost virginally tight, as I pushed past the outer walls and gently fed my entire length into her.

A guttural moan from the back of her throat told me she was enjoying this immensely as I began to gently fuck her on the soft satin sheets.

Gradually my pace increased until I was really pounding my cock deep into her. My hands were on her shoulders and she was writing underneath me, one hand vigorously rubbing her clit while the other dug into my shoulder.

Incredibly she came well before I did. Her body started shaking, her cheeks turned red and finally she arched her neck back and let out a long lingering moan that must of lasted all of eight seconds.

Her reactions and the power of her contracting pussy helped my case immensely, and soon I felt a fountain of cum building up inside me. three or four more thrusts and I unleashed my load deep into her pussy.

The aftershocks of her own powering climax were still hitting her when I slumped forward on her body. She was letting out little yelps of pleasure, and breathing raggedly. We looked into each other's eyes before I whispered in her ear "Happy Christmas."