 I'd seen more than my fair share of hotel lobbies over the previous few months. But there I was again, standing at another front desk waiting to check in. This one seemed the same, only different. It was a nice hotel...another Sheraton, similar to the one Tina and I had stayed at in Northern Virginia on our trip together. But this one was located in the town that I was now going to be calling home. 

The lobby was impressive. There was an expansive type area for guests to sit and read in front of the large atrium windows. Just down from that, was the entrance to the indoor pool, and the complete gym. A large sign at the far end of the room to the east pointed toward a hallway, and it referenced three different banquet rooms. Based on the how big the size of that part of the hotel looked when I drove up, they were probably pretty large ones. It was a big hotel, and that didn't even count the rooms for the guests.

As I waited at the counter, I could hear a live band playing. Poking my head around the corner, I saw that there was a pretty big bar, complete with a dance floor that was jam packed with people having a good time. And just down the hall from that, I could see the entrance to the house restaurant, which looked rather fancy, at least from the outside. From there, the hall rose up a long, gradual ramp, at the top of which started the long hallway of the first floor of rooms. And at the beginning of that hallway, were the two elevators. 

For as long as I could remember, I had one view of hotels. And in that sense, this one seemed no different when I'd first walked in. It was a hotel...a place to stop and rest on the way to somewhere else. And that's the perception I was carrying with me as I stood in front of the dark black marble countertop of the check in desk.

That perception changed when Heather came out from the back and saw me standing there, waiting. She was a short brunette, with very long wavy hair, and two adorable dimples on her cheeks. She also had two adorable breasts jutting out from underneath her white blouse, barely contained in the white lacy bra that I could make out though the material of her shirt. I was guessing she was at least a 36C cup, but I didn't get the chance to measure her very well with my eyes, because I didn't want to be too obvious. 

She was wearing a pair of skintight black dress pants that showed off a hot tight ass, and she stood in a pair 4 inch black heels, a killer smile appearing on her attractive face. And none of that mattered, because I was engaged, and I wasn't even thinking about how sexy Heather was. I was thinking of Ann, and how much I missed her...and it had only been 10 hours.

"Hi, I'm Heather. Welcome to the Sheraton...I hope I didn't keep you waiting too long," she said in a perky, high pitched voice that sounded younger than the mid 20's she appeared to be. And that voice was thick with a southern accent that reminded me I was back in West Virginia.

"Not long...I've been enjoying the music," I said as flashed a tired smile back at her.

"They are a pretty good band, aren't they...they play here every three weeks."

"I'll have to remember that."

"So...how can I help you?"

"Neil. Neil Thomas. I have a reservation."

"OH! MR. THOMAS. I should have known it was you," she said as she scrambled to grab some paperwork.

"I suppose you're going to tell me you've been expecting me," I said, thinking about all the times I'd heard that from someone on the other side of some counter I'd been standing at.

"Well, of course I have!"

"You have?" I said, surprised for some reason that she readily agreed with me.

"Why wouldn't I? We're going to be your home the next couple of months, Mr. Thomas."

Heather's words hit me kind of hard. I knew that there was a percentage of the population that lived out of hotels at one time or another, for various reasons. I'd just never been one of them. But when Heather said she'd been expecting me, it wasn't like all the other times I'd had someone say that when I was checking in. This time was different. And the difference wasn't really that I was checking in. It was that I wouldn't be checking out any time soon. 

But that wasn't even the biggest difference I felt inside as I stared at Heather's cute face. The difference that really mattered the most at that moment...was that I was checking in alone.

I did a quick gut check, and tried pulled myself together. "Of course...why wouldn't you expect me? I AM going to be living here for a while."

Heather heard the little catch in my voice, and put her hand on my arm. "I'm sure you're not looking forward to it, Mr. Thomas...but we're going to do our best to make this feel more like a home than a hotel for you, okay?"

Her voice was reassuring, the accent making her words feel truer than they probably were. But she said it with such sincerity and conviction that I couldn't help but smile. "Okay, Heather...but if I'm going to feel at home here, you're going to have to call me Neil. My Dad is Mr. Thomas."

"It's nice to meet you Neil," Heather said, holding out her hand politely. "You know, we've had a lot of people from Armada stay here...but most of them have been a week here, and a week there. You're the first that's going to stay with us longer than 10 days."

"Gee...that's swell," I said sarcastically as I shook her hand.

Heather giggled and said, "I know you miss her, Neil. But she'll be here soon enough."

"Who are you talking about?" I asked...looking around like someone was going to show up any second.

"Ann...that's who."

"Ann? How do you know about Ann?"

"Carol told me, when she set up your accommodations. She told me that you're engaged, and that you just went out and got Ann from California a couple of weeks ago. I know it's probably hard to think about being apart from her again so soon, but I'll do what I can to make your stay as pleasant as possible. We all will."

I guess I shouldn't have been surprised that Carol had told Heather. Being the Executive Secretary of Armada Manufacturing, the company I was about to go to work for, it was her job to set up my stay. But knowing my history with Carol, I was a little on edge. She'd told Heather about Ann, was it possible that she told her about what she and I had shared...namely, that we'd had sex?

And if that was the case, was Heather coming on to me? I seriously doubted it, and it really didn't matter, since I had absolutely no intentions of sleeping with anyone other than Ann. But it popped into my head, so I had to deal with it. And I did that by putting that absurd thought out of my mind, trying to move the conversation along.

"Thanks, Heather," I replied.

"Come on...you look tired. Let's get you up to your room," she said as she had me sign in. 

When she said 'let's' when it came to getting me up to my room, she meant it. Heather had someone cover the desk, and she came out from around the back and helped me unload my car onto two carts, and then she waited with my stuff as I parked the car. 

There were a lot of cars in the parking lot, meaning there weren't any vacant spots close to the hotel. So, I had to run back through the pouring rain, and I was soaked by the time I got back to Heather. And she was standing there waiting, with a towel in her hand.

"Sorry about that, Neil. There's a lot more cars here on the weekends because of the bands that play in the bar. Friday and Saturday nights especially," she said as she pushed one of the carts and led me towards the elevators. I pulled the other one, watching her cute ass move in front of me. 

"Not your fault, Heather...thanks for the towel," I said as I dried off my head.

The hotel part of the building was five stories, and Heather had put me on the top floor. Her reasoning was that I was going to be a long-term guest, and she didn't want me to have to worry about someone being loud over top of me each night. It was something I never would have thought about...at least until I'd been there a while. That Heather had thought of it actually made me feel pretty special.

We'd gotten off the elevator, taking a left as we got out. "I put you at the end of the hall. I've given the staff standing instructions to leave the rooms closest to you empty as long as we can. That should give you a little more quiet, not to mention some privacy. We'll fill them last out of the entire hotel...so if you notice someone next to you, you'll know we had to use the room. Otherwise, it should be quiet most nights. Weekends fill up the most, obviously." 

"It seems like you're going to a lot of trouble just for me," I said sheepishly.

"Well, Armada is spending a lot of money with us, so we do go out of our way a little more than usual for people that they have staying with us. But Carol was pretty specific with instructions for your stay, since it's going to be so long...so you're getting the VIP treatment," she said as she slipped the key into the room of the door and opened it, turning on the light. "After you, Neil."

I walked into the room, and then I turned back to look at Heather, who just smiled and shrugged her shoulders.

It was pretty much a normal hotel room. Beige walls with generic artwork on them in a floral motif. A round cherry table with two chairs was placed in front of the large window covered with a dark green curtain. There was a large maroon overstuffed chair in the back corner next to a floor lamp for reading. A large desk against the wall across from the beds, which was next to the low 4-drawer dresser that had the large TV set on top of it. The only amenities it had that were unusual compared to the majority of hotel rooms I'd stayed in during my lifetime were the small refrigerator with a tiny freezer in it, and the microwave. That, and the two king sized beds, covered with dark green bedspreads that matched the curtains.

It wasn't a suite, but then again, I hadn't expected one. Not with my new company picking up the tab for two months. But, it was bigger than most hotel rooms, and I appreciated that...especially since it was my new home away from home. I also appreciated the way it seemed people were going of their way to make me feel welcome

Hanging on the back wall over the big maroon chair was a sign, welcoming me to Armada. On the table, next to a big vase of flowers, were two bigger baskets; one filled with assorted snacks and the one other filled with fruit. On the other side of the floral arrangement were a package of paper plates, a package of napkins, and a small box that had plastic eating utensils inside...all welcome gifts from my company. Or they were from Carol, depending on how you looked at it.  

"Wow," I said, looking at the stuff in the room.

"The fridge is stocked too. I didn't put any beer in it...didn't know if you drink, and I didn't want to presume. Besides, if you do drink, I wouldn't know what kind of beer you like anyway."

"Heineken...when I do drink, which isn't that often," I said quietly as I looked around the room. 

Heather walked over to the window, opening the curtains wide to show off the view of the mountains in the distance...but I really couldn't see them for the rain, and the darkness. Still, she was just showing off the room, which was nice of her. She walked past me, brushing close up against me as she walked back to the luggage carts. Heather placed my suitcases on the table that was designed for them, and then she started piling my other things on the floor next to the table. 

I turned and started to grab one of the hanging bags to put in the closet, but Heather stopped me. "Relax, Neil. I got it. You've had a long day," she said as she touched my arm lightly. Then she walked over to the phone and picked it up. Dialing a number, she waited for a second before saying, "Hey Shawn, can you have somebody from the restaurant bring up a six pack of Heineken to room 524? Thanks."

"You didn't have to do that...I can get my own beer."

"I didn't. Carol did. The room is supposed to come ready to go. After this, you have to get your own stuff, but she didn't want you to have to worry about it to start."

"Well...that's fine, but I'm not letting you do this by yourself," I said as I started helping Heather clean off the rest of the carts.

She laughed and said, "What's the matter...you don't like the idea of a woman serving you?"

I had a quick flash of Ann, being my slave in Colorado, and I laughed. "No...I wouldn't say that. But that doesn't mean I think you should be slaving away while I just stand by and watch."

"Hmm...suit yourself. I'm just doing my job, trying to make you feel at home."

And really, Heather was. It wasn't like I was looking for anything, and the conversation we were having wasn't really flirting, although she had touched me, and brushed up next to me a couple of times. Yet there was no denying that she was attractive, and that we were in a room with two extra large beds. Any other time in my life, I would have been trying to get her into one of them...especially once the beer arrived. But when it did, I shied away and just put the bottles inside the little refrigerator.

When I stood up, Heather looked at me funny, and I realized I should have at least been a gentleman, even if there were no intentions on my part.

"I'm sorry, Heather...did you want one? I should have at least offered."

"Well...that's what I was thinking," she smiled. "You do have to remember you're in the south now, Neil. Manners count."

"It wasn't like I didn't think it...but, I've never offered a woman a beer in a hotel room before. I didn't want to give you the wrong impression. Besides, you're working."

"What wrong impression?" she said with a little glint in her eye.

"Look...Heather. If you've talked to Carol, I'm pretty sure you know what I mean. But...Ann and I are in a different place right now. We're not..."

Heather put up her hand, smiling as she said, "Enough said. I know the line...and I'm not crossing. I'm sorry about the line about the manners. I could tell you were thinking about offering me one...and I can tell just by the way you are that you're a gentleman." She grabbed one of the empty carts and started to pull it out of the room. "I'll be back in a little bit for the other one."

Before I could tell her that I'd come with her and bring one down, the phone in the room rang, and I walked between the beds to answer it.

"Hello?" I answered.

"Hi baby," said the sweet voice on the other end of the phone.

"Ann?"

"Of course, who did you think it was?"

"I knew it was you...I'm just surprised. I just got here about a half our ago...I've been checking in, and getting moved in. How did you get this number?"

"You gave it to me...remember?" 

I thought for a half second and laughed, "Obviously not, or I wouldn't have asked such a stupid question." 

"It's not stupid. I'm sure you're tired...I can call you tomorrow."

"NO!" I yelled, not wanting her to hang up.

"HA...you seem a little jumpy baby. Is everything okay?"

"I'm just a little worked up, that's all. Been thinking about you all day," I said.

"Hmm...you sure you weren't thinking about Heather?" she giggled.

I literally fell back onto the mattress of one of the king sized beds. I'm surprised I didn't drop the phone in the process, but somehow I held the receiver to my ear, as if it was frozen to the side of my face. And that was a contradiction, because I know I felt flushed all of a sudden. I'm not sure why, but I felt a little panic come over me. I hadn't done anything...other than look at Heather. Any flirting had been relatively innocent, and there wasn't that much when I thought back over what I'd said to her in the silence that suddenly enveloped me.

Actually, it was more like a ringing in my ears...a soft hum that came over me as my brain locked. I could hear sounds, but everything seemed muffled. In fact, I could feel a kind of vibration running through my body as I sat there. I knew a part of it was from the long drive. I'd had that feeling before, where it felt like I was still in a moving car, even though I was sitting somewhere else. It only happened when I was really tired after a really long drive behind the wheel, but it was an unnerving sensation. But I was feeling more than that, and a big part of what I felt came from what Ann had said.

It was probably the third or fourth time she'd said my name, but I finally heard Ann on the other end of the phone, calling out to me.

"Neil...TALK to me. Please," she said sounding desperate.

"What? Oh...sorry, Ann."

"Are you okay? You went really quiet there."

"I...I'm fine. How..."

"How do I know about Heather?" she giggled again.

"Ann...nothing happened. I swear."

"Baby, why are you talking like that? I trust you. And...I know nothing happened."

"It's just that...wait...HOW do you know nothing happened? Why do I feel I'm the only one that doesn't know what's going on?"

"Probably because you are," she said matter of factly. "But don't be upset...I can explain, okay?"

"I'm not upset...but then again, I don't know what's going on to be upset ABOUT. Should I be?"

"No...it's just the way things are with you and me, Neil. I don't want to say they're complicated...but they can be really interesting. And, I love to surprise you...so there's that."

"Surprise me...Ann, what are you up to?"

"Like I said, let me explain."

Ann was calm when she started to tell me what she'd been up to, which I figured couldn't be all that much. At least, in terms of what she'd done in the past when it came to planning for when we were apart. 

We were going to be living apart for two months...but unlike the previous time, we would see each other some in between. I'd be going back to Indiana for Thanksgiving, and Ann would be coming out for a week sometime before that to look for a place for us to live. And then there was the wedding at the beginning of December. So, at worst, we were really looking at a couple of three-week stretches, and another of just a week or two, depending on how it all shook out.

That didn't seem so bad when I looked at it like that. After all, I'd be busy learning a new job, and I had no idea how many hours I'd be putting in trying to get up to speed. One of the factors I was worried about in starting my new job, was WHEN I was starting. My first day of employment was months behind the three other Supervisors that I was going to be working with. They'd been hired earlier to help install the equipment and set up the department. And that meant that I not only had to learn the machinery, they had about a two-month jump on me to make a good first impression, and get entrenched with the other people that had been hired on.

Of course, Carol knew all of the other Supervisors. She'd been there when they were interviewed before me, and she told me point blank that while I didn't have some of the machine skills they had, she felt I was the best candidate of them all because none of them had people skills. And I knew that I was going to be spearheading the hiring of a lot of new employees. So, that gave me a leg up when it came to the people that would be working for my department, and how crews would be put together. If I did my job, I'd be able to look like the shining star that Carol had predicted I'd have a chance to be.

Yet no matter how hard or how long I worked, there was still no escaping the fact that I would be going back to a hotel every night, staying alone in single room. In a sense, it would be like I was back at my parent's house, except that there was no escape. There would be no walking to the kitchen to cook something to eat. No sitting in the living room, watching a game with the old man. There wouldn't even be a chance to do laundry right there in the house to occupy my time. 

And there was the high likelihood that I'd be horny most of those nights. And frankly, the same could be said for Ann, home alone at her parent's house. But that didn't seem to matter to her. She had promised that our sex life was going to be exciting, no matter what the circumstances were. And to that end, she intended to keep her finger on my sexual pulse, making sure she kept my heart racing and my cock hard, even from a distance. That didn't mean she was letting go of the reigns and saying she wanted me to start fucking other women again...far from it. But she also wanted to keep her options, and therefore, my imagination, open for any possibility. That, she said, was all part of helping to keep me turned on...and part of the fun. 
