 I sat down on the couch contemplating what took place this evening. My boyfriend Tony and I have dated for three months now. He's a great guy, intelligent, good looking, witty and very capable in the bedroom. Tonight I asked him what he wants for Christmas, but he didn't answer. Instead, he looked off in the distance like his thoughts were a million miles away. I tried hard to think of things he has mentioned in the past trying to figure out what to get him. His clothing is impressive, his apartment is beautiful and he has enough money that he buys whatever strikes his fancy. He isn't one to talk about wanting something; he buys what he needs.

Suddenly a wicked smile crossed my lips. I knew what to get him, but getting it may be more difficult so I would have to start making calls.

He arrived the Friday before Christmas, dressed in jeans and a casual sweater. We discussed staying in to make popcorn over the fire in the fireplace and sip some wine. It was my idea to invite a couple friends over, to which he agreed.

"Tell me again, who is coming over tonight?"

"I invited Bob and Yvonne, and Tyson and Megan."

"Cool, they're all fun to be around."

The doorbell signaled their arrival. Hoping up from in front of the fireplace I greeted Yvonne and Megan.

"Where are the guys?"

"Last minute shopping. You know how guys are."

"Well shoot."

I turned to Tony, "I'm sorry the guys didn't come along tonight. I guess they're shopping."

"It's fine. I'll get over it. Just don't talk girl stuff all night."

"We won't, will we girls?"

"Nah," Megan replied. "I'm ready to party!"

"Me too!" Yvonne chimed in.

They each carried a wrapped present, that they laid under the small desktop tree in my apartment. 

"You guys didn't have to buy anything for Christmas."

They both smiled and said it was the right thing to do, having been invited over for a Christmas party.

Tony walked to the kitchen, returning with some appetizers. We munched and drank wine while we talked and laughed together. Tony tried his best to not feel like the lone ranger in a group of women, but I could tell he was disappointed the guys didn't come along. We were all starting to feel the affects of the wine.

Yvonne grabbed the present she brought, "Open it please!"

"Ok." I shook the present, like a kid, and laughed.

"Hey, no cheating!"

The paper came off in a flash to reveal the board game, Twister. 

"Damn, I haven't played this in years! I wonder if I'm still limber enough."

Megan handed me her present, "Mine next!"

I shook the bottle shaped gift and heard liquid inside, "Mmmm, wine?"

"Nope, open it and see."

I revealed a body of massage oil. "Oh niceeeeee. Tony can use this when he gives me a massage," I laughed.

Yvonne unfolded the plastic twister mat with all the colored circles on it. "Come on, let's play."

All of us laughed except Tony, who declined.

"Are you sure honey?"

"Yeah, I'm fine really. You ladies enjoy yourself. I'm going to watch the ballgame on the television in the bedroom."

"Tony."

"Quit fussing, I'm fine." He smiled and excused his self.

When he was gone the three of us quit laughed and looked at one another. They knew the plan and they knew that Bob and Tyson weren't here for a reason. 

Megan spoke, "Do you think he suspects anything?"

"No, he doesn't seem to anyway."

"I told Tyson we were doing this tonight. He was cool with it as long as we reciprocate."

"Haha, Oh I bet."

"Bob was the same way. I told him and he was actually excited. I think his exact words were.... 'Tony is a lucky bastard'."

"Cool. I'm glad they are both ok with this. I wouldn't have it any other way."

"We all agree," Megan added.

I went to the kitchen and grabbed the big sheet of plastic I had stashed when the three of us hatched our plot. Megan lifted the twister mat from the floor so I could cover the carpet with the big square of plastic then replaced the twister mat on top. The three of us drank more wine and laughed while we stripped off our clothes. Yvonne grabbed the bottle of massage oil, pouring it on our bodies. I was the first to spin the dial to reveal the color my hand and foot belonged on. Yvonne was next. Megan spun for both of us and told us how to move. Before long we were a tangled mess of oily flesh, laughing like schoolgirls.

Megan asked, "How long do you think it will take for him to come out and see what's going on?"

"I suppose when he needs more wine."

Right then Yvonne slipped on some oil and landed with a thud on the floor. All three of us were laughed so hard tears streamed down our cheeks. Tony walked from the bedroom to see what happened. He rounded the corner and found the three of us oily and naked, tangled up on the twister mat.

"What the fuck!?"

"Oh, sorry honey we didn't mean to worry you."

"Worry me? This was the last thing I expected to find."

"Join us honey. It's so much fun."

He stood there staring, like he wasn't sure what to make of the whole situation. It didn't take him long to make up his mind. Reaching for his sweater he pulled it off, tossing it aside, then his pants, socks and underwear. Yvonne reached in a sack and produced a spinning dial she made for this special night, handing it to Tony.

The dial had body parts on it, instead of colors. He spun it for me first then told me my results.

"Left hand on an ass, right foot on a pussy."

"Come here Megan, give me your pussy." I laughed. 

She offered her pussy, to which I placed my freshly painted toenails, while extending my left hand to land it hard on Yvonne's ass.

Tony spun again, "Ok Megan, left hand on a tit, right foot on a ... oh shit, a cock."

Megan grabbed my tit and curled her finger for Tony to come closer. She reached her foot up in the air to touch his cock, which was pointing straight to the heavens.

"Damn girl, you didn't tell me Tony had such a nice cock!"

"Shhh, come on, its Yvonne's turn now."

Tony tried to focus and spun the dial. "Left hand on an ass, right foot on balls."

She grabbed his ass with her left hand, while raising her foot to jingle his balls. 

"Damn, how am I suppose to focus?"

Megan and Yvonne defaulted from the game and reached for Tony's cock. I joined them and the three of us smeared oil over him and began rubbing our hands all over his body. We guided him to the twister mat. 

"Spin it Megan. The original dial."

Megan spun, "Left foot red, right hand blue."

"Oh come on, you guys aren't really going to make me do this."

"Yes, you have to do this. Our game, our rules."

"Whatever." Tony placed his foot and hand where they belonged.

Megan spun again, "Right foot yellow, left hand green."

Tony was spread eagle on the mat trying not to slip in the oil. Yvonne whacked him good on the ass, almost making his fall.

"Quit that. This isn't fair. You guys have to play too."

"Oh, we'll play alright," Yvonne smirked.

She ran her hand over his ass, gathering some oil before slipping a finger up his tight ass.

"Shit, what the hell are you doing?"

Feigning her most innocent look she laughed, "I'm just playing."

I crawled over to Tony and began kissing him. He left his stance on the mat to kiss me back. Soon Megan and Yvonne joined us. The four of us kissed and caressed one another, taking turns sucking and stroking Tony's cock at the same time. Yvonne crawled over and told me to get on all four's, then started licking my pussy and ass. Her position was like mine so Megan did the same to her until we formed a chain. The three of us on all four's in front of Tony, licking, sucking and moaning. Stroking his cock he crawled in front of me so I could suck it for him. I looked up at him.

"Why don't you eat Megan's pussy for her honey?"

"Really?"

"Yeah, really. This is your Christmas present after all."

"Oh God, no kidding? You had this all planned?"

"Uhuh, tonight is for you."

He didn't hesitate. Grabbing Megan's luscious ass he promptly dove in and tasted her pussy. The room was filled with the sounds of sex, panting and moaning. My entire body was covered in oil. Lying on the mat I slid under Yvonne so we could sixty-nine together. Tony's cock was strained and blue from the excitement. 

"Fuck her honey, go ahead and show Megan how that cock feels."

He looked at me a moment while I turned from Yvonne's pussy, a questioned look on his face.

"It's fine, fuck her. It's cool."

He pulled up and raised his cock, it didn't take him long to enter her. The oil had everyone lubricated and slick.

"Dayummmmm, wow Megan. Your pussy is hot!"

"Mmmm, yes it is."

Yvonne crawled to her purse to retrieve a couple toys. She held a slender vibrator to my pussy. She pushed it in and turned it to high.

"Oh God, that feels so great!"

Pumping it in and out of my pussy, she became more and more excited. She leaned down to whisper, "I brought my strap on, wanna see it?"

"Yessssss, get it out please. I want to feel it, not just see it."

"Oh yeah, that's what I was hoping for!"

Slipping into the harness, Yvonne wielded the strap on cock like it was a part of her body. Lying on my back, she slid between my legs and plunged into me. Her hips moved and gyrated.

"Shit, that feels fucking awesome Yvonne. Fuck me harder!"

Tony fucked Megan until she came. While she sucked his cock, he watched Yvonne and me for a while. Yvonne worked the strap on like a pro, drilling my pussy until I came hard and loud. She pulled back, looking at Tony.

"Tell me what you want for Christmas Tony?"

"Huh?"

"Oh come on, tell me. It's ok."

"I think this little foray is a good enough present."

"Now now, come tell Mrs. Clause what you want for Christmas."

Tony looked at me, I responded. "It's ok, you can tell her."

"Oh Christ, you didn't tell her that!"

"I did, but it's ok. Come to find out, Bob has already experienced this."

Megan added, "So has Tyson."

"Holy Christ, now everyone knows. Did you tell the guys too?"

They looked at one another, then me, then Tony before answering, "Yes."

"Damn. I never thought me wanting to get fucked with a strap on would be public knowledge."

"Honey, I didn't tell them what you wanted. Originally I intended on the four of us just playing together. When Yvonne told me about Bob, then Megan told me about Tyson, well... I figured it would be ok. There isn't anything wrong with you wanting this." 

"What the hell, the cat is out of the bag now."

"Are you mad at me?"

"No, I guess not. I just wasn't expecting it to happen this way."

"Is it ok if Yvonne does it, since I have never done it before?"

"Yeah, that's fine. God, I hope you guys aren't going to tell people."

Yvonne spoke up, "Would you have known about Bob if this situation hadn't occurred?"

"Well, no."

"That's my point. It isn't something we go around telling people. It's personal."

"Does Bob really like it, or are you the one that enjoys doing it?"

"Both."

"I see. What about Tyson?"

"He likes both, he likes my strap on and a real cock."

"A real cock?"

"Yeah, we have a close friend that plays with us sometimes."

"Damn, I would have never thought either of them would like it up the ass. They just don't seem the 'type'."

"There is no 'type' honey. It's an experience. How else do you expect to find out?"

Yvonne slipped over toward Tony and began to lower her pussy on his face. The dildo bobbed at the top of his head while he ate her pussy. The conversation ended and the initiation of Tony began. I crawled over and grabbed his hands pulling him toward me on all fours. Megan pulled his legs apart and slid underneath him so she could suck his cock. Yvonne straddled Megan's body and crouched at Tony's ass. She rubbed his oily ass cheeks and slid a finger into his ass. I held his wrists in my hands, looking into his eyes.

"Damn, her finger feels so good, just like yours baby."

"Tell her when you want more."

"More Yvonne, I want more."

She slid a second finger, then a third into his ass and began pumping him.

"Shit, this feels awesome. More please, damn just fuck me. I feel like my balls are gonna explode already."

She poured more oil over the dildo and slowly worked it into his ass. I watched the torrent of emotions on his face go from pain to pleasure then back again. 

"Damn, this feels great. More Yvonne, give it to me up my ass."

She reared back and began fucking him. The first time she withdrew and shoved it deep again, he cried out a little, but pushed back for her. She stroked in and out of his ass while Megan worked his cock with her mouth. Lying in front of Tony, I offered my pussy. Lapping and sucking my perky pussy lips, it made me more excited each time he moaned or growled in pain and pleasure. 

The chime of the doorbell startled everyone. I jumped up to look out the peephole. 

"Bob and Tyson are here!"

"Aww, hell no." Tony said in disgust.

Yvonne didn't move from her position. "Let them in."

"NO, damn I don't want them to see me like this."

"Just let them in. They'll enjoy this as much as we are."

I hesitated then opened the door. Grabbing them by the coat sleeves I hauled them in and quickly shut the door, hoping no one in the hall would look in. They stood there in a shock for a moment before moving. Without a word both men disrobed and joined the action. The only person that felt the least bit uncomfortable was Tony.

"Yvonne grasped the moment and began fucking his ass with the dildo again."

Bob and Tyson walked in front of Tony and whipped their cocks out. Tyson spoke first.

"Suck it bitch, you know you want to."

"No I don't."

"Yes you do, now suck it." Tony began to speak but Tyson shoved his cock into his mouth giving him no choice. He fumbled at first but before long he sucked his cock like he had done it all his life. Bob shoved his way in front of Tony, taking Tyson's spot.

"I see you like my girl's strap on. It feels pretty fucking good, doesn't it?"

Tony kept sucking his cock, but shook his head in approval. Tyson walked behind Tony. Yvonne pulled out her cock and traded places with him. Tyson got on his knees, while Tony stopped to look over his shoulder.

"What the fuck are you doing?"

"I'm gonna fuck your ass bitch, so you know how good a real cock feels."

"I don't know if this is such a good idea."

"Never know until you try."

"You guys aren't gonna go tell everyone if I like it, are you?"

"Hell no, we like it too. It doesn't change what kind of men we are."

"I suppose...

"Just chill brother. We're all adults here."

Tony turned his head back to Bob's cock. He placed his hand on Tony's head using his as leverage. The head of Tyson's cock rested at his ass, then slid in. Tony let out a loud cry.

"Shit, go slow, your cock is big."

"The head is the worst part, just relax."

Tyson grabbed his ass cheeks and rubbed them around while he edged in further. Tony grimaced a few time but soon relaxed. I watched in amazement as two men fucked my boyfriend. Yvonne and Megan came to me and started sucking my tits and pussy. I couldn't focus on what they were doing because I was so fascinated watching Tony. My emotions were torn because their tongues were working me over good. An occasional moan slipped from my mouth while I continued watching. Tony quit sucking Bob's cock and reached under with his hand to stroke his own. 

Bob got down and joined Yvonne and Megan, playing with me. He told me to get on all fours and crouched behind me. "I'm gonna fuck your ass too."

His cock slipped into my ass before I had time to respond. "Damn!" Tony worked his cock with his hand, jerking it hard and fast. Each time Tyson drove into his ass he let out a cry and moan, stroking harder. 

"Fuck, this feels good!"

Tyson pulled his cock out and jerked his cock until come sprayed all over the plastic. Yvonne took advantage of Tyson in a weakened state and shoved him forward, perched at his ass with her strap on. He lowered his upper torso to the floor while she grabbed his ass cheeks.

"That's it, give me that ass Tyson."

She knew that Tyson played with his ass a lot and could take more than Tony. When she shoved the dildo up his ass, she had no mercy. Driving it long and deep, he let out a guttural growl.

"Yeah, oh shit, fuck my ass good Yvonne, fuck me hard!"

She obliged him, giving her all. Bob was fucking my ass and Megan had her pussy shoved into Tyson's mouth. The six of us had a tremendous group fuck going on. Tony crawled over and slid up under my body.

"You're gonna take two cock for doing this."

"Oh God, do you think they will fit?"

"We'll make them fit, won't we Bob?"

"Hell yeah, we'll make 'em fit in your tight little holes."

Bob kept his cock in my ass while I straddled Tony. My pussy was so tight from having a cock in my ass but it felt wonderful.

"Fuck girl, you were made for this kinda shit," Bob commented.

"HOLY FUCK, this feels so damn good. Stuff me full of cock guys!"

We continually fucked and played until everyone was drained. The three couples ended up together at the end of the night for one last come fest. We each knew our partners best and knew what to do to make the night end with a bang. 

After we finished everyone took turns showering. We folded up the plastic on the floor, tossing it in the trash. By two o'clock in the morning we were sitting in front of the fireplace eating freshly popped popcorn and sipping wine. Eventually everyone left.

"Thank you for tonight."

"I didn't know what to get you for Christmas this year."

"This was pretty awesome."

"It was pretty cool. I hope you aren't upset with me."

"I'm not. I didn't do anything that either of the those guys didn't do."

"So, which did you prefer?"

"What do you mean?"

"Dildo or real?"

"Honestly, I enjoyed everything. Don't get me wrong, I got to experience something I always wondered about and that was great, but the entire evening was awesome not just one thing."

"Should I buy a strap on?"

"Yes, I enjoyed that. But right now I want to make love to you."

He carried me to bed. Tony made me come again then found his release in the depth of my pussy, filling me until it dripped from my body. We kissed in a profound way tonight. It was a kiss between two people that harbored no secrets and no shame. We made slow sensual love then drifted to sleep together. Neither of us forgot this Christmas party. It would be the beginning of many explorations for us, as a couple.