 Once again, I'd like to thank the incredibly sexy Annanova for her amazing work editing for me. I'm forever grateful for her contributions and for her friendship.  

All rights reserved. mimaster 2011



The week was going by far too quickly. Ann had arrived on Friday and in what seemed like the blink of an eye, I was staring at the sun going down late Wednesday afternoon as I drove home from work. Well, it was home, if you counted a hotel room as your place of residence. Still, I smiled, because I had someone to go home to. 

I was thankful that it was the afternoon because the days at work seemed to drag on endlessly, while the time with Ann flew by. It was as if the nine plus hours I was putting in at work were taking double that, and the few waking hours I had left with Ann after I got off were more like minutes. I was starting to think my watch was broken...the hour hand creeping along during the days and spinning around wildly once I made it to the parking lot to drive back to Ann. 

But no matter how the hours of the days passed, there were still just 24 of them and there was no denying the fact that it was already Wednesday. Even with the workdays crawling, I couldn't help but feel that Monday and Tuesday had gone by in a bit of a blur. It was only Sunday that had seemed normal...at least, normal for Ann and me. That was because Sunday was OUR day, and we'd started it Saturday night. 

~*~*~*~*~*~ 

Ann and I left the outlet complex and headed back to the hotel, two bags of lingerie from Henrietta's House in hand, with Ann practically floating to the car. She was riding the high from what we'd done at Henrietta's – fuck wildly in one of the bedrooms of the former brothel. While we were doing that, we'd been in plain view of a dozen or so people in the outlet center across the street. We didn't know who they were, or what they looked like, we only knew they had been there, watching us through the bedroom window from afar. 

When we walked through that same outlet shortly after, Ann said she felt the eyes of the people we passed looking at her, feeling like they ALL had watched her lying on that bed, letting me fuck her mercilessly. That had her so excited she actually shivered a couple of times as we moved through the halls of the outlet, making our way to the car. Yet that wasn't even close to the only thing that had her worked up. 

She sat in the passenger seat, bouncing up and down with excitement just like she had when I'd driven her to the outlets in the first place. Originally, she had been excited about me taking her shopping. Driving through the old streets downtown heading back to the hotel, she was giddy for a different reason and it had nothing to do with what we'd done and who had seen it. 

"God, Neil...I still can't believe Camilla is going to drop everything she's doing just for me," she said, her words coming out so fast I could barely understand them. 

Camilla was Mary Ann's mother and they were the co-owners of Henrietta's House. Camilla was also one of the main seamstresses and the primary designer of the custom lingerie the store carried. Additionally, she made ornate evening gowns, and when Ann saw their amazing quality, she jokingly asked Mary Ann if her mother made wedding dresses. 

While Ann had said it in jest, she'd also said it out of frustration. She told me on the way back to the hotel that she'd been searching for the perfect wedding dress since the day I left Indiana to start my new job; it was a task that was proving to be impossible. Even knowing the features she wanted in her dress, she couldn't find one that encompassed all of them, whatever they were. She said she didn't want to have to sacrifice what she wanted, but she knew that no off-the-rack dress was going to have all the things she had in her mind. When she tried to broach the idea of having a dress made, the places that knew how to do it were too far away and they were going to charge a small fortune. After meeting with Camilla, Ann suddenly saw some hope. 

"She's dropping everything?" I asked. 

"Yeah...can you believe it!" 

"Not really. Why would she drop everything?" 

"Because, she knows I'm only going to be here the rest of this week." 

"She's going to make you a wedding dress in a week," I said, shaking my head a little. 

"She says she can do it...and do it the way I want it. In fact, she had a couple of ideas that will make it even better!" 

"What's that going to cost?" I asked, forgetting for a second that I wasn't footing the bill for that; her parents were. As soon as I said it, I realized it was a mistake. 

The look Ann gave me told me what I already knew, but she let me off easy, explaining, "Let's just say that if I were still pretending to be Barbara, I'd need to work a couple more nights like last night to cover it." 

She was talking about our night of role-playing, where she portrayed 'Barbara', the beautiful, intelligent, high-class escort. For my part in that little fantasy, I'd 'paid' her a thousand dollars in return for an evening of pleasure. 

I let out a huge laugh and said, "Let's hope that's not what your Mom's doing to pay for it." 

Ann actually snorted when she laughed. But she'd also opened the door. She'd finally referred to her playing the role of Barbara, instead of still pretending that Barbara actually existed. That meant the fantasy was over, at least for the time being. It also meant that perhaps Ann would be willing to answer a few of the questions that had been piling up in my brain since I'd knocked on the door to room 117 and she'd answered it in a red wig. 

"Ann...can I ask you some questions about last night?" I said, deciding that's where I wanted to start if she'd let me. 

Ann giggled. "I'm surprised it's taken you this long, baby." 

"Well, I didn't want to ask until I knew for sure you were done pretending that Barbara exists." 

"Oh, she still exists, Neil. She's inside me somewhere," Ann laughed. "But it was sweet of you to wait. So, what would you like to know?" 

"I'm not sure where to start." 

"Why don't you just take it from the top?" 

"Okay, since you put it that way, where did the red hair come from?" 

"Which red hair are you talking about?" she asked in her sexy voice, her eyes shifting down toward her crotch. 

"Uh...both," I said rather bashfully, although I wasn't sure why. 

"I chose red because Doris was a redhead. At least, she was on my television." 

"Doris? Who the hell is Doris?" 

Ann snickered and said, "Doris...from  The Owl and the Pussycat ."

"The movie?" 

"Uh-huh. The first time I saw it, I was thirteen years old. We watched it at the drive-in theater near Fort Wayne, a couple of years after it was released. My Mom let me see it because Barbra Streisand played Doris, and I LOVE her." 

"Huh...now I know where you got the name." 

"Yeah, Doris didn't sound sexy enough to me. I identified more with Barbra than I did the character she played anyway, so I kind of combined the two." 

"But if I remember right, Doris wasn't an escort. She was just a prostitute." 

"She wasn't JUST a prostitute. She was also a model, and she was trying to become an actress." 

"Okay...but my point is she wasn't an escort. She was a prostitute." 

"And my point is she really wasn't. It wasn't like she was standing on street corners. She was sleeping with them in her apartment. What kind of prostitute takes men back to her place? She was probably closer to an escort." 

"Okay...that's a bit of a stretch, but I'll give it to you. Still, what does a comedy have to do with you being Barbara last night?" 

Ann took a deep breath and sighed. That told me what was coming was more than just a quick explanation. It was going to be a story; I just didn't know how long of one. 

"First of all, it's a ROMANTIC comedy." 

"Uh...okay. You're right, it is. What's that have to..." 

"Mom didn't let me watch it until she thought I was old enough to handle it, which didn't make a lot of sense to me because I just wanted to see Streisand. I didn't know what the subject matter was all about...I was still too naïve. I just thought it was exactly that...a romantic comedy. It was funny, and I loved Streisand. 

"How'd you find out?" 

"My brother. He was teasing me the whole time, trying to ruin the movie for me. He whispered to me that she was a prostitute...I didn't even know what that was." 

"He told you, didn't he?" 

"Yes. I didn't believe him at first, but I found out later it was true." 

"I bet that pissed you off." 

"Actually, it intrigued me." 

"What? Why?" 

"Well, it did piss me off at first. He always did that. One reason I was intrigued was because it WAS a comedy; a romantic one. But the bigger reason was that Barbra didn't seem ashamed of it...I mean Doris. She was a good person, and that had me thinking that maybe it wasn't as bad as Alan was making it out to be. Of course, I didn't know at the time all the nuances of being a prostitute...the different kinds. But that kind of started the fantasy for me. Doris was quirky, adventurous...at least to a young teenage girl from the middle-of-nowhere." 

"But it wasn't a sex fantasy at thirteen, was it?" 

Ann laughed, and said, "No, I was only thirteen...I was just starting to get into boys. Sex wasn't even on my mind yet. Kissing was. Actually, I'd forgotten all about the movie." 

"Okay...now you've lost me." 

"Remember the night I talked to you and mentioned something about an escort? Well, I'd kind of been thinking about it for a couple of weeks, because I saw the movie again at my parents' house." 

"On their television," I nodded. 

"Yeah...and you know how sometimes the color gets distorted on that TV down in the basement, especially on old movies? Well, Streisand's hair was this bright red. Anyway, as I watched, it started to bring up all those old memories of when I'd seen it the first time. Only this time, I DID think about sex. I started thinking about what it would be like. And the longer I watched it, the more turned on I got about the idea of being an escort. That's when I kind of came up with the idea that I was going to do it." 

"So you just went out and bought a wig?" 

"Sort of. Tina and I took a few trips to Fort Wayne, as you probably could tell," she laughed. "We got that at the place where she gets her hair supplies for her shop...and she got the hair dye to match it and did my strip for me. I even bought a couple more bottles in case you ever want to pay for a night with Barbara again." 

"Pay?" I laughed. 

"Of course. If you want that kind of fantasy, you're still going to have to pay me in the future. If you don't, then it won't feel as real." 

I totally understood what she meant. She needed to feel the part, not just play it. "You're right," I nodded. 

She smiled excitedly, her big brown eyes batting in my direction. "Do you think you might want to do that...again?" Her question sounded almost wishful. 

"What, let you be Barbara?" She nodded bashfully and I grinned. "Sure I would. I'm not sure what I'd want you to do the next time, but I loved it. You were so amazing. My God, the details you came up with...Ann, you're so good at making everything seem authentic. I love that about you." 

"Thanks. You made it special for me too! I still can't believe you let me be your Mistress." 

"I don't really want to talk about that," I chuckled a little, my eyes glued to the road. 

"Why...are you upset? Did I go too far?" 

"I knew the safe word, Ann. So no, you didn't go too far. I'm just not sure if I'd want to do that part again." 

"Neil, I don't want you to think that I want to. I know it wasn't your thing...I knew it almost from the moment you said you'd do it. But the fact that you did it for me, even once, and you didn't complain means the world to me, because I know there were things you didn't care for." 

"That doesn't mean there weren't parts I liked; like the ball strap and the cock ring you put on me...those were okay. That orgasm was intense." 

"Hmm...that's VERY interesting. Is there anything else I should know?" 

"Ann, if I tell you, wouldn't that make the next time less exciting if I want you to be Barbara again? You knew what I didn't like...I think that speaks volumes. The truth is, I don't want to us to always spell things out, because I don't want it – "

"Affecting what we do! Oh my God...I GET it. You are so RIGHT, Neil!" 

"I do want to know where you got all the new toys, though...and that amazing jewelry you were wearing." 

"HA. Well, Tina and I found a little sex shop when we were exploring Fort Wayne, so we kind of stocked up. They even had the jewelry there. I needed something to make Barbara stand out. I was hoping you liked them" she laughed. Then she looked down at the crotch of my jeans, my fat dick inflating fast inside them. "But I see you're telling me what you think with your cock again, lover." 

"So, I'm guessing by what you've been telling me, you WANT to be Barbara again someday, right?" 

"Now more than ever," Ann laughed. 

"What makes you say that?" 

"I just had sex in a real American brothel, Neil. I kind of feel like I've earned the right!" 

~*~*~*~*~*~ 

I had other questions. Like how did Ann get Heather to do what she did...and how did she get all of her things from the room she was in, to my room, without either of us being there. But all of that was just logistical stuff. There I was, sitting next to a woman who could persuade women she'd never met to participate in sexual games she'd come up with, all just by using her charm and her honesty. It really didn't matter how Ann did all of those things. It only mattered that she could...and she did. 

So, while I marveled at what she had done, I decided not to question it any longer. I knew there would be new adventures ahead; things that she'd come up with that would make me wonder. But my curiosity was satiated for the time being. Instead of reflecting on our immediate past  or , what had already been done, I put my energies into thinking of what we were about to do...together. 

We made it back to the hotel and spent the rest of our weekend there for the most part. I suppose it would be more romantic to say we never left the bedroom...but we only had a bedroom. And as much as we loved being in bed together, a person can only stare at the same four walls for so long. 

So, we wandered out to eat and a couple of times we went down to the nice-sized pool to splash around. In fact, we had a nice little picnic of sorts by the side of the pool Sunday afternoon, ordering room service. But those were little respites from what we spent the majority of our time doing...and that was having at each other. 

We didn't have a theme, or a plan. We just did whatever felt good at the time. As we drove back to the hotel, we sort of discussed what we were going to do with our extended day. Actually, there wasn't that much discussion. Ann said she wanted me to set the tone for the rest of the weekend, since she'd set up the previous night and after that she didn't want to think. She just wanted to react and have fun. 

I came up with two rules: no clothes in the room and no opening the toy box. I figured Ann would be upset with the second rule, since we had such a nice assortment of sexual items to choose from. Instead, it was the first one that disappointed her, because she had two big bags in the back seat filled with new lingerie she'd gotten from Henrietta's. 

"Aw...I have so many new things I could wear for you. Are you sure?" 

"Yes I'm sure. There will be plenty of time for you to dress up for me, but since we're starting our Sunday early, I want you naked...as much as possible." 

I probably should have chosen my words more carefully, because Ann took that as a sign that I wanted her to be daring. Or perhaps she just felt like being daring on her own, because she knew I loved seeing her naked whenever I could. Either way, the naughty grin she flashed when I'd said that told me everything I needed to know about how she'd taken it. And if I didn't get it from her grin, I certainly did when she lifted her shirt to flash me her tits as we drove down the road to the hotel. 

She continued that throughout the rest of our weekend...our Sunday, taking the opportunity to quickly flash me whenever she HAD to wear something over her sexy body. Most of the time it was quick and more for a laugh than anything else. I could tell it excited her and she knew it excited me from checking the barometer in my shorts or swim trunks. She also took a few chances that had me smiling on Monday when I drove to work. 

The first happened when we went swimming late Saturday night. We were frolicking in the pool, just kind of playing around, holding on to each other in the deep end. It was a bigger pool than most you find in hotels, even having a diving board, which had become increasingly rare because of liability issues. 

I was leaning against the wall of the pool with Ann draped in my arms facing me. Winking, she pulled her bright pink bikini top down and to the sides, exposing her tits totally for me, using the top to kind of pull her breasts together. To my surprise, she left them that way as she cupped my balls through my swimsuit. A minute later, she had found a way to get my cock out through the loose leg of the shorts and she was stroking me beneath the surface. 

I thought for a moment that she was going to fuck me right then and there...but there were people at the far end of the pool. Instead, she put her tits away and winked again. The next thing I knew, she was taking a deep breath and diving under the water. I started to yelp when she took my cock into her mouth underneath the surface but covered it up by coughing a couple of times. I was too mortified to check if anyone looked my way. I was also amazed at Ann's lung capacity; the girl was down there with her head bobbing back and forth for what had to be three minutes, holding her breath as she sucked me. 

When she finally came up for air, she had the biggest shit-eating grin on her face that I'd ever seen. She hugged me and said, "Someday, I'm going to make you cum like that, baby." Then she sprang out of the water and grabbed a towel, leaving me in the water with my cock bobbing up and down. "I'm going upstairs and I'll be on the bed with my legs spread, waiting for you." 

"Yeah? How's that going to work? We only brought one room key," I laughed. 

Ann flashed me another wicked grin and I felt a rush. "I'll leave the door of the room wide open for you. Of course that means anyone can walk in, so you better hurry. The first man with a hard cock that walks into our room gets to fuck me, Neil. I sure hope it's you," she giggled as she gave a little wave and a wink before taking off. 

It took a while for my cock to go down enough that I could get it back into my swimsuit. The way she had taken it out, I couldn't get the material to pull up high enough to get it over the tip, so I was kind of stuck there, hoping no one would swim down to my end of the pool with goggles on. I ended up turning around and facing the wall with my arms up on the edge to hide myself. 

The ride up the elevator seemed to take forever, and as I walked down the hall I was started to get hard all over again. I knew Ann wasn't serious about letting someone else fuck her. We'd been over that many times. Even so, as I approached my room and saw that the door was propped open with a chair, a chill ran down my spine. I knew that she was alone, but the idea that she was just around the corner and waiting had my cock throbbing all over again. 

Taking it a step further, she left her wet bikini on the chair in the door, along with a little hand-written note instructing whoever read it first to leave their suit and come join her. I was practically dripping with pre-cum when I stood in the foyer of the hotel room and removed my suit, placing it on top of hers. When I did, I noticed the sign had a little arrow at the bottom telling me to turn it over. On the back was another note telling me I was supposed to leave the door open just like it was. 
