 To say that Ann was surprised I'd found a way to handcuff her to the bed after we'd made love was a bit of an understatement. I'd rolled over, pinning her beneath me as I stretched her arms high over her head. She thought it was a playful prelude to yet another lovemaking session, following up on the one we'd finished ten minutes before. As wonderful as that thought was, it was just after midnight and I pointed out to her she'd ceased to be Anna, my naughty fiancée. She'd unknowingly transformed into Annabelle, my love slave for the next 24 hours.

Ann had mentioned weeks before that she wanted to submit to me again. She even picked the exact day, saying she wanted to have it set in stone so she could prepare herself. Instead, I'd caught her off guard, having taken the date more literally than she had originally intended. 

Even though Ann had willingly lifted her left leg so I could tie a rope to her ankle, spreading her open and making her vulnerable, I could tell by the look on her face that she thought Thursday would start after I got off of work. That would have given her all day to think about what was to come and prepare her mind for what I might do to her. I'd shortened that window considerably; she had just a moment or two to decide if she really wanted to go through with being Annabelle again.

~*~*~*~*~*~

We got back to our room after finding what we hoped would be our future home, and I took a quick shower. While Ann was taking hers, I looked at the nightstand clock and it dawned on me that Thursday was less than an hour away. At that point, my devious little mind kicked into gear and all kinds of ideas of what I could do started flooding in...starting with a phone call.

Grabbing the phone, I dialed, breathing a sigh of relief when I heard the familiar voice say, "Front desk, this is Heather. How can I help you?" 

"That would depend," I said with a naughty laugh.

"Neil! I didn't see you and Ann come back. How did the house searching go?"

"I think we finally found one, Heather. We should be signing an agreement on Friday."

"Really? That's fantastic!"

"Yeah, we're really excited about it. Thanks for asking."

"You're welcome."

"Anyway, I was wondering...." 

"You know, somehow I had the feeling you didn't call just me to tell me that."

"I'm not the one that brought it up. You did."

"True," she laughed, "So, what is it I can do for you, and what does it depend on?" 

"It depends on whether or not you want to help me with a little project I'm working on for Ann."

"Project? What kind of project."

"It's me...and Ann. There's really only one kind of project it could be, isn't there?"

"Sex?" Heather asked.

"Yep."

"Count me in," she laughed again.

"You don't even know what I want you to do yet."

"It doesn't matter, Neil. If it's for Ann, I'm in. What do you need me to do?"

With a willing Heather behind me, I gave her a couple of tasks that would help set the stage for what I hoped would be a memorable day. I didn't necessarily feel the need to top what we'd done in Colorado, or want to, really. But I hoped to be in the same ballpark, and with the number of ideas that were running around inside my head, I liked my chances.

Still, I needed to know if Ann was really on board. Even thought she'd said she wanted to become Annabelle weeks before, it wasn't a stretch to think she could have changed her mind. So, just before I finished securing her to the mattress, I asked if she was sure she was ready to...well, to submit to me. I'd caught her by surprise, starting her day as my love slave at the moment Wednesday became Thursday, and I wanted to confirm she still wanted to do it. I also needed to make sure she was okay with the adventure lasting 24 hours, instead of the eight or nine she'd had in her head.

While she took a moment to consider the situation, I could see in her eyes that she was nervous; but she was also excited. A large part of that excitement stemmed from the fact that I'd found a way to take something she was anticipating, and turn it into the unexpected position she found herself trapped in. When Ann saw me smile, she relaxed, knowing she was safe and that I was putting an effort into making her erotic dreams come true again.

Once she gave me the go-ahead, accepting that she was going to be Annabelle for ALL of Thursday, I tied her other ankle securely. Then, I surprised her again by kissing her on the mouth and telling her goodnight.

"What?" she wondered, her eyes following me as I walked around the other bed to the floor lamp in the corner of the room.

"I said, goodnight."

"You're going to bed?"

I turned the switch on the lamp, the bulb brightening a couple of times before leaving us both in the dark. "Yes, I'm going to bed. I have to go to work in the morning."

"Then why did you tie me up now, Neil? Couldn't this have waited until tomorrow?"

"It is tomorrow, Annabelle. I can do anything I want to do with you, because you belong to me until Friday. And this is how I want things for now...any other questions?"

"No, sir," she answered quietly.

"Good. Now, you lie there and think about that big load of cum that's going to start dripping out of your pussy any second. I want you to feel it running down your ass. I want it to remind you of what kind of woman Annabelle is. Tell, me, Annabelle, what kind of woman are you?"

Ann giggled, "I'm your dirty slut, Neil."

"That's right. Good night...my dirty little slut."

"Goodnight, baby. I love you."

"I love you too."

~*~*~*~*~*~

Watching Ann the following morning, I was amazed. She looked so beautiful lying there, sleeping soundly. I couldn't get over how natural she seemed in what would normally be considered a lewd, vulgar display. Somehow, even in her sleep, she made being tied up in a spread-eagle position appear... graceful... almost artistic.

Part of it was her sexy, athletic body. The way her muscles contrasted with her soft curves gave her a powerful yet feminine look. Adding to the tranquility of the scene, there was her cute little snore as she lay dreaming. She actually seemed comfortable even with how I'd tucked her in, her arms held over her head, legs stretched toward the corners at the foot of the bed.

Heading toward the bathroom to get ready for work, I was torn about what to do. Part of me wanted to let her sleep because she looked so peaceful. But at the same time, Ann wasn't Ann, or even Anna. She was Annabelle. With that moniker came certain expectations, most important of which being how she had described herself the night before. She was my dirty slut, her eyes full of excitement when she said it. When I remembered the slight disappointment I heard in her voice when I'd told her we weren't starting then, I knew what I needed to do.

First, I threw on my robe and took a quick little trip down the hall, coming back with the ice bucket filled to the top. Then I quietly opened the large trunk of sex toys we had placed at the foot of the bed she was on, pulling out one of her many dildos and the little egg vibrator I'd used on her a couple of days before.

Standing beside the bed, I looked closely at Ann's pussy, worried that I may need to use some lube for what I'd planned to do. But I didn't need to be concerned. Ann seemed to be as wet as she'd been the night before, and I was able to easily slip the little vibrator inside her. She let out a little moan and licked her lips, but she didn't wake up.

Ann didn't even wake up when I first placed the tip of the fat rubber cock against her labia. Her eyes blinked a couple of times as I began using it to split her cunt open, slowly inching it inside her. But she still seemed out of it when I had the head of the dildo completely inside her. It wasn't until I turned on the vibrator that her eyes flew open at the same time her head snapped up.

"OH...FUCK!" she screamed as the sensations ripped through her body.

"Good morning, Annabelle," I grinned as I rammed the fake cock deeper inside her cunt, forcing the vibrator further into her body.

"OH...OH...UHHHHHH" she groaned, her arms and legs pulling against the restraints as she tried to move. She struggled like that for several seconds before she realized she was tied up, suddenly remembering what was happening. 

Picking up the phone, I called down to room service to order breakfast. I told the girl that answered that I wanted it delivered in a half-hour, knowing I needed time to get ready. Hanging up, I looked down at my love, her face contorted in the most wonderful way as the vibrations continued to torture her pussy.

"I'm going to take a shower, Annabelle. I have to get ready. I'll be back in a little bit. In the meantime, you are NOT allowed to cum. Do you understand?"

"H...how am I supposed to keep that from happening?"

"You can do it babe...consider it a challenge."

"What if I can't? What if I cum?"

"Hmm...what do YOU think?"

"I'll be punished?" she said, her voice quiet and shaky.

"Probably," I said as I leaned down to kiss her forehead. I shoved the dildo deeper into Ann's quivering pussy and wedged the ice bucket up against the end to hold it in place.

"Oh...God...Neil!" Ann whined as she felt the cock fill her cunt.

"Not enough of a challenge?" I grinned as I grabbed the remote control, turning the vibrator up to high. "There...that should help."

Ann clamped her eyes shut, her body writhing against the mattress as she tried desperately to suppress the pleasure she was feeling. I chuckled as I headed to the bathroom to get ready for my day at work; one that I suddenly wasn't really looking forward to.

I took my time, taking a long shower to kind of get myself going. I'd gotten up early, not wanting to have to rush, hoping to have a little time to play with Ann before I left. But I also needed to be able to take care of her. I had a plan, but it also had to include certain necessities for Ann, the first of which being to order food. I was out of the shower and had just finished shaving when I heard a knock. Walking to the door in just my pants, I opened it to find a young man with the serving cart carrying our breakfast.

Bringing the cart inside, he asked me where I wanted it. I pointed to the wall across from the bathroom, telling him to leave it there as I walked into the bedroom to get my wallet. I glanced over at Ann as I walked past her. She was whimpering, her eyes wide and unblinking as she watched me. Just then a wave of pleasure hit her and she tried to fight off. It was like she was lingering near the edge of a cliff and the climax building within her was trying to push her over.

The sounds she was making were enough to raise the curiosity of the young man standing near the door. He was craning his neck, yet couldn't see around the corner. I smiled as I walked back, handing him a five for his trouble.

"Is everything okay?" he asked.

"What? Oh, yeah...everything's find. My fiancée is just a little worked up, that's all."

"She sounds like she doesn't feel well."

"She's just hungry. But she's naked and she likes to eat her breakfast that way. She's waiting for you to go. I'll leave the cart outside when we're finished."

"Oh...okay," he said as he reluctantly turned to walk out the door.

As I took a couple of minutes to finish getting ready, I wondered briefly if I should have let him have a peek at Ann before he left. It might have been exciting and I grinned when I imagined what his reaction would have been, and Ann's. But that also would have complicated what I had in mind. I didn't have a lot of time to begin with. Wasting some of it on what would have been at most a titillating thrill didn't seem all that wise.

Originally, I liked the idea of leaving Ann tied up like she was while I was gone. But I knew I'd be away for a big part of the day and I just couldn't do that to her. I needed to give her a chance to eat and to go the bathroom. I wanted to have fun with her, and while she and I both knew there was going to be some pain involved, I wanted her to feel as comfortable about everything as possible. 

Wheeling the cart over the table, I opened the curtains to a beautiful day; the sun having just risen. Even with our window facing south, I could see the rays warming the valley; the clear sky was already a brilliant blue. Ann moaned as she turned her head to watch me as I walked toward the bed, moving the ice bucket. Gazing between her legs, I smiled.

Removing the dildo, I pulled on the cord of the vibrating egg, turning it off in the process. I watched her labia stretch open as the little plastic oval slowly passed through them, sighing at the way her lips gripped at it. 

"How many times did you cum?" I asked.

"T...twice," she answered nervously.

I started untying the rope from the bed that was attached to Ann's left leg. "Well, we'll have to deal with that later tonight."

"I'm sorry, Neil...I really tried."

"I'm sure you did, Annabelle. But like I said, there will be some consequences. At least you told me the truth, so I won't have to punish you for that."

"You knew I came. I could tell by the way you were looking at me. There was no sense lying about it."

"Did you think about lying?"

"No, I'd never lie to you. Besides, I already knew there was going to be some punishment today. It's all part of being a dirty slut," she said as I massaged her leg, trying to bring it back to life.

I did the same to her right leg after I untied it, leaving the ropes bound to her ankles so I wouldn't have to re-tie that part. I got the key for the cuffs out of the trunk and removed them, helping Ann up. She was a little wobbly at first, but she steadied herself as she took a couple of steps.

"Why don't you go to the bathroom and clean up a little while I get breakfast ready?" I said as I patted her gently on the ass.

Feeling my hand on her cheek, she giggled. "I'm guessing there's more of that to come later," she grinned as she headed to the bathroom.

~*~*~*~*~*~

"You know, I love fruit for breakfast," Ann said as she dug her spoon into her grapefruit.

She looked stunning. Her hair was a little mussed from lying on the bed all night, but it looked sexy. She'd taken the time to do her makeup while she was in the bathroom, applying dark eye shadow and thick mascara, along with some heavy rouge and bright red lipstick. She said when she came out of the bathroom that she wanted to look the part of the dirty slut she'd become for the day.

Munching on a fresh bowl of melon, grapes, pineapple and strawberries, I nodded in agreement. "I do too. I just don't do it that often."

There I was, sitting in my tan Dockers and a navy blue golf shirt, while Ann was sitting across from me in front of the window, wearing just a couple of ropes attached to her lower limbs. Sure, we were five stories up and there were no buildings to the south, only the cars below flying along the interstate. But it was still damn erotic that Ann was naked in front of a window. It got even better when she finished her grapefruit and picked up a banana, bringing it to her mouth. She started playing with it like it was an erect cock, licking it sexually as I ate.

"Having fun?" I asked.

"Yes...I am," she said as she took the end into her mouth and acted like she was sucking it. "Giving you any ideas?"

"Yes, it does. You seem to like having things in your mouth."

"I do. Do you have something in mind?" she cooed sexily.

"Actually, I do. Let me finish breakfast and we'll see how we can put that pretty little mouth of yours to good use."

"Goody," Ann giggled, peeling her banana in the most erotic fashion imaginable. 

She followed that up by eating it so provocatively, I wondered if I'd be able to leave for work after all. Or at the very least, I might have to stay long enough to fuck the shit out of her before heading off. But that wasn't in the plans, no matter how horny I was. I had an idea in my head of how things needed to play out for the day and being late for work wasn't an option.

When I finished eating, I pushed my bowl away and stood up. Walking to the sex bed, I motioned to Ann. "Come here, Annabelle. Time to fill that pretty little mouth of yours."

Ann got up, but I put up my hand and she froze in place. "What?" she asked innocently.

"You should be wearing heels...black ones," I said, pointing at her bare feet.

"Oh...okay. They're in the closet," she said as she started to walk. Holding my hand up again, Ann stopped in her tracks. "What?"

"I know the last time we did this you were barefoot. And you might be again before the days over. But I'd like you to start in your heels."

"I know. I was going to get them."

"Yes, but you're not allowed to walk if you don't have them on. Crawl."

"Crawl," Ann laughed, at least until she saw me staring at her in disapproval. Dropping to her hands and knees, she crawled across the floor in front of me, saying, "I'm sorry, Master."

I was surprised she'd used such a formal name. We'd gone over what to call each other the first time in Colorado and I'd told Ann I wanted her to call me what felt comfortable to both of us. But 'Master' wasn't one of those terms she'd used that often. I wondered if it stemmed from her making me call her 'Mistress' when she was pretending to be Barbara for me. Not that it mattered. Calling me Master seemed to fit the moment and I knew it wouldn't happen all the time.

Ann slowly made her way to the closet, slipping on her heels, taking the time to strap the little straps around her ankles just below the ropes that were still tied to them. But instead of walking, Ann crawled back to me, dragging the ropes behind her. When she got in front of me, she reached up for my zipper, smiling up at me as she tried to pull it down.

"What are you doing, Annabelle?"

"I'm pulling out your cock. You said you wanted me to fill my mouth."

"Yes I did. But I didn't say anything about my cock. You haven't earned that yet today. You still have to be punished for cumming when you weren't supposed to."

"Yes...Neil," she said as she put her hands down.

"I've really got to get to work, so your punishment will have to wait. But now I know that I can't trust you not to cum when I'm not here...so, we're going to have to do something about that."

I helped Ann to her feet and had her stand at the foot of the bed. Opening the trunk, I reached inside and pulled out the ball gag she'd used on me earlier in the week, the grin on her face making me shiver. Putting in her mouth, I buckled the leather strap behind her head and then pulled her hair out from under it so it would be more comfortable for her. After that I put a collar on her neck, making sure that the metal ring was in the front. Slipping my finger into the ring, I pulled her to me, kissing her mouth. Well, I kissed the ball gag.

"There...that's better. Now, up on the bed," I said as I slapped her ass hard.

Ann squealed happily and hopped up on the mattress, centering herself just like she'd been when she'd woken up. I tied her legs wide like they'd been before, spreading her open. But instead of using the cuffs, I pulled out two other ropes and tied her arms wide like her legs, putting her in more of a true spread eagle position. Finally, I stuffed a big pillow under her ass, lifting it up just like I'd done to her in Colorado.

"Comfy?" I asked as I looked down at my sexy angel. Ann smiled from behind the ball gag, nodding as she kind of scooted her ass back and forth like she was settling in. "Well, we'll see what we can do to change that," I added as I walked back to the trunk.

I knew it was in there, because I'd seen 'Mistress Barbara' put it there when she'd finished playing with me that wonderful Friday night. Sure enough, there was the tube of stimulation cream that Ann had somehow found a way to retrieve from my room that night. I grabbed it and another item, before walking back over to Ann. When she saw what I was holding, her yes grew wide.
