 © 2012, All rights reserved – mimaster

~*~*~*~*~*~  

"Do you have everything?" I asked Ann as we stood in the parking lot of the hotel.

She stared into the driver's side window of her car, a wicked smile on her face as she studied her reflection in the glass. She was wearing what could be best described as a naughty schoolgirl outfit. The white blouse was unbuttoned...the tails of the shirt tied in a knot below her tits, showing off her cleavage. Since she was minus a bra, it also showed off her areolas and stiff nipples. The red and black plaid pleated miniskirt hugged her hips, the hem coming just below her crotch by no more than an inch.

She'd put on white knee-high socks before strapping on the shiny, 4-inch black spiked heels she was wearing. They matched the wide leather belt of the skirt, not to mention her slave collar, which was adorning her elegant neck, which was exposed because she had put her hair up in pigtails to complete her look.

Playing with the collar as she looked in the window, her finger slipped through the big silver ring, tugging on it as she smiled, just before she removed the pull chain that had been attached to it. The one she'd asked me to use to lead her down the back stairs and out of the hotel.  

"Let's see...my slave collar, my leash, and my fuck me pumps. I think that pretty much does it. Well, that and a pussy full of fresh cum!"

"What do you expect when you're dressed like that and you're not wearing panties?" I snickered.

"It's okay, baby. I dressed like this for a reason."

"So you got what you deserved, then."

"Absolutely...I wanted to feel what Carol felt yesterday. She's the one that said something about making a mess on my seat. I figure I owe it to her to live up to it."

"I'll be thinking about that all day...and you."

"I'll be thinking about you too, baby," she said as she stood on her toes to kiss me.

"So, seriously...do you have everything?"

"Just have to stop and pick up the wedding dress. Then I'll have everything."

"You're going into the store like that?" 

"Uh huh. I've actually been thinking a lot about Carol since yesterday. I can't get over what she said, about being who she is, even with Barry. Well, this is who I am. I'm not ashamed of it, so I don't see a reason to change."

"Actually...you seem to change every hour, babe. One minute you're a hot schoolgirl, the next you're whatever else your sexy little mind can dream up."

"True, but you love it, and you know it."

"I love you, Anna Renee Franklin."

"And I love you, Neil Antonio Thomas," she said as she gave me another sexy kiss.  

Then she opened her door, sitting down in her car seat facing me. Slowly spreading her legs, she showed me her bare pussy, some of my cum oozing out past her open lips, ready to smear all over the seat of her car.

"I want you to think about me driving home like this, Neil...full of your cum, feeling warm and happy about how much you fucked me this week."

"It's going to be hard not to," I said, feeling my cock twitching in Dockers.

"And don't be sad. We're not going to be apart that long, and you'll have Heather and Carol to keep you occupied if you need it."

"I know, babe. I'm fine...I'm not sad at all, actually. I'm happy, just like you."

"Good...I'll see you in just a couple of weeks when you come out for Thanksgiving."

"Okay. Drive safely, babe. Call me when you get home."

"Okay. Bye," she said, closing her legs, and then the door after she pulled them inside the car.

I stood there in the parking lot, watching her give a little wave as she drove away. I stood there, long after the car was out of sight, knowing she was driving downtown to pick up the wedding dress that had been made for her...at a lingerie shop of all places. After that, she'd be gone, on her way back to Indiana to finish planning the wedding itself.

Letting out a sigh, I eventually turned and walked over to my car, knowing I needed to head in to work. I wasn't looking forward to the next few weeks without her. But I really wasn't upset, even though it was going to be more like a month when I'd see again. I was actually happy, which was so different from the previous times we had been apart. For the first time I fully realized it was only distance that was going to separate us...nothing else. I could still feel her in my beating heart.

~*~*~*~*~*~

It had been a hard day at work. Unfortunately, it was a really long one as well. When I walked out of the plant it was already dark, and I sighed as I made my way to the parking lot. A few minutes later I was settled into my seat, my eyes focused on the winding roads, thinking about how I'd be doing that for hours. It was the day before Thanksgiving and I was about to drive though the night, all in an effort to arrive in Indiana in time for the Holiday. 

It had been a long few weeks since Ann had come out to look over the area and find us a place to live; four of them to be precise. But they weren't long because I missed her, which I did. They were long because all I seemed to be doing was working. I'd been putting in a lot of hours, starting up the plant, getting to know my crew and getting things settled during their training.  

We'd started live production just two weeks before, running a handful of jobs all the way through the plant to see how things were going to flow. It also gave us an opportunity to create a punch list of things we needed to address. Mine ended up being three pages long, and I'd been busting my ass, trying to mark off as many things as I could before I left for my mini vacation.  

The good news was that my initial list was a lot shorter than the one Conrad, my counterpart had. He was on the other shift, in charge of the same equipment that my crew was running on mine, and he'd gotten off to a rough start. His list, as it were, was three times what I had to solve, and that took a great deal of pressure of me. 

It was also good that my partner Thelma's list was light years shorter than Fred's, the other supervisor in her part of our department. In fact, our shift, even with the issues we needed to correct, had been outperforming theirs by leaps and bounds.

However, my list existed, and even though things had started out well from a big picture point of view, I still had to whittle away at the issues and get them resolved. That was taking a lot of time; I was working a ton of hours, many after my shift was over. I knew that wasn't going to last forever. There would come a point when I'd only have to put in a nine hour day and the job would become somewhat normal. 

But until then, I figured if I busted my ass, I'd get to where I needed to be sooner...a LOT sooner than Conrad, and that was important to me. It was a competitive environment, and being a competitive guy going up against someone that was both arrogant and egotistical, and that he had it out for me? Let's just say I wanted that edge.

The most important reason to bust my ass though, was Ann. Getting the list completed and getting my work schedule down to nine hours a day would give me more time with her once we got married and we moved into our new home. That alone was worth the price of working the long, grueling hours I'd endured from the moment she left.

With that price came some sacrifices. One of which was having much less time for the game she and I had been playing. She was still having fun with Tina and Penny whenever she could. But my 'bank transactions' with Heather and Carol had become few and far between, at least as far as those that gave me a sexual release. I'd gotten a couple of blowjobs from Heather the week after Ann left, and I'd eaten her once. And I'd been with Carol twice, eating her pussy both times...but that was it. For the most part, I just didn't have the time. 

As I turned the car onto the interstate to head north toward Maryland, I realized I hadn't even jacked off. I'd always been too exhausted when I got back to the hotel. My life had become a boring cycle of working, eating and sleeping, to the point that I hadn't had an orgasm in at least three weeks...and I couldn't remember the last time that had happened. With Thanksgiving being the next day, filled with family, friends, food and football on TV, at best I was looking at sometime Friday before I'd get to have one.

Now that I finally had idle time on my hands as I drove, my mind began to wander. Conscious of the fact that I was going to be driving for nine plus hours, my thoughts somehow became focused solely on sex. If I hadn't been extremely horny before, I got that way pretty quickly as erotic images filled my head. 

But not enough to cave and take matters into my right hand. I considered it, knowing that with it being dark, no one would see into the car if I pulled out my cock and masturbated. But I had gone so long at that point, it didn't seem worth it. I decided to wait...for Ann.

The odd thing was that the woman that had my cock pulsing as I gripped the steering wheel was...Carol. Yes, I'd get to see my fiancée the next morning and that made me incredibly happy, even if I'd be horny beyond belief. But one of the reasons I was horny was that Carol hadn't been available the couple of times I'd hoped to make a transaction that would benefit me. Her branch, so to speak, was open. She'd just been too busy servicing another customer. Barry.

~*~*~*~*~*~

I wouldn't go so far to say as that Carol and Barry were dating. They weren't. They were just fucking. But they were fucking almost every day. At least on average it was something like five times a week. It started the afternoon Ann and I had left her house, with him coming over. She'd answered the door just like she said she was going to, with her red sundress unbuttoned, and my cum leaking out of her pussy. 

He was startled at first, but she said he didn't overreact. Instead, he listened as she explained where she was in her life; what had happened in her divorce, and about who she wanted to be now that she was healing. Then she asked him if he wanted to be involved in part of her life or not; specifically, the part that involved sex.

She told me about their afternoon together when I got to work the next day. I'd showed up for work late, having stayed behind to say goodbye to Ann. Carol anxiously sought me out after I got there and gave me the naughty details, the naughtiest of which was that Barry refused to let her clean up her pussy. He told her that if she wanted to feel like a slut, then cleaning up wasn't an option. Instead, he fucked her ass for the first time, since she'd told him that I'd taken her anal virginity the night before. He said he wanted her dripping cum from both holes.

And that's how it started. They became fuck buddies. Except they were now getting together so frequently that I told her she'd gone beyond just fucking a friend. Now he was her lover. She blushed when I said that, but she didn't argue the point. I think she liked it. Yet she was also quick to point out that she wasn't serious about him yet. And the evidence she used to support that argument was...Heather.

The week after Ann went back to Indiana, Carol and Heather had a conversation. Heather knew that Ann and I were going to have a threesome with Carol. Carol had told her, and so had Ann, for whatever reason. When Carol described the events of the weekend, Heather feigned jealousy, saying it should have been her that got to be in the threesome instead. She used some convoluted logic about being the 'bank manager', and how Carol was just a part time teller.

Heather was just kidding, of course. But every time they talked after that, which was pretty much daily since they'd become such good friends, she would pretend to be upset, and she'd bitch that it should have been her. 

After hearing Heather do that for a couple of weeks, saying how she hadn't been fucked in months, Carol actually began to feel sorry for her. That's when she came up with a plan, telling me she was inspired by all the things Ann had done for me.

As it turned out, Barry had lived up to his agreement, letting Carol tie him up that first weekend. She said she hadn't done anything too outrageous with him, because they were still in the infancy of their 'friends that fuck' relationship, and she didn't want to ruin it.  She felt she could have done more, and that he seemed to actually want more...but she kept it tame. When they were done, he said he wanted to turn the tables again. He wanted to have her submit like that for an entire night.

She told him she was open to it. But first, she wanted to know if she did let him have his way with her, would he go farther. When he asked what she meant, she gave him some ideas. Ideas that were a little...darker; more aggressive, with a little more pain involved.  She wanted to be more like Ann had been for me in Colorado, and at the hotel. She told him that she thought it would enhance her level of pleasure, but she wanted him to be comfortable with it. His only response was to ask if it made things so much better, why she hadn't been more aggressive with him.

When she told him why, he made a comment about wanting a do-over. That's when they agreed that they'd switch off every week, unless one or the other didn't feel like playing that specific bedroom game any longer...or for that day. With that in the back of her mind when Heather continued to complain about not getting fucked, she finally called her on it.

That weekend, Carol invited Heather over to her house, telling her that if she needed fucked so bad, she'd be happy to use her knew strap-on on her. But, she told her to show up a couple hours after Barry would already to be there. The twist was that Heather didn't know that Barry was going to be there...and he didn't know that Carol had invited a guest.

When Barry heard the doorbell, she said he got nervous...particularly since she'd blindfold him. She told him to relax, and she'd be back in a little bit. When she went downstairs, she put on the strap-on and answered the door naked, except for the harness and some black high heels. Heather laughed when she first saw her, but when she saw the look on her face she got nervous as well.  

"I was trying to look ominous," Carol had told me at the time. "I grabbed Heather by the hair, pulling her into the house so she didn't have a chance to change her mind. I called her my bitch, and told her that I was going to make her pay for all the whining she'd done."

"Did she freak out?" I asked.

"Not until I told her that I was going to be giving her a couple of enemas. She didn't understand why at first, but that didn't stop her from getting undressed. She was naked so fast you would have thought her cloths were on fire."

"So, when did she figure it out?"

"I reminded her that she had conveniently forgotten that when we had our threesome, you fucked my ass for the very first time. I told her if that had really been her, she would have had her ass fucked instead of me. If she really felt it should have been her instead of me and she was going to bitch about it for three weeks like she did, then I was going to give it to her exactly like I got it. Well, not exactly...but close!"

Carol laughed and said that she took Heather and got her ready, and then she led her upstairs. Her statement about it being not exactly the same, but close, was interesting. She let her fuck Barry, riding him to until she had an orgasm. While she did, she said she greased up the fake cock with some lube, waiting patiently for the right moment.  

That moment came when Heather collapsed forward onto Barry's chest after she came. With him tied to the bed, his legs spread wide, Carol said she got between them and placed the tip of her dildo against her ass. Ten minutes later, she and Barry were both fucking her. Well, Carol was fucking her. She said Heather was moving up and down on his cock. Either way, she was getting filled by two cocks at the same time.

"Did she like it?" I asked.

"It took a little while, but yeah...she did. Just like I did," Carol smiled.

~*~*~*~*~*~

Carol did like it when both Ann and I fucked her, just like Ann had when the roles had been reversed a little before that. As far as Ann was concerned, I'd go so far as to say she loved it. It was a new experience for her sexually...and she loved most new sexual experiences. Yes, I'd used two dildos on her at once. And I'd fucked her ass while using a dildo on her pussy another time. But what Carol and I had done to her was as close as she had ever come to having two real cocks fucking her at the same time. And truthfully, it was as close as she was ever going to come.

Ann had said as much to Carol, telling her that she wouldn't be fucking Barry if there were ever an instance where they were together in a group situation. I seconded that mentally. I loved Ann, and I loved the sexual freedom she gave me. But both of us had decided that another man in our relationship, at least as far as fucking was concerned, wasn't what we wanted. I didn't really have a problem if Ann went as far as giving an occasional blowjob to someone we both liked and trusted. But anything more was an uncomfortable thought for both of us.

That said, I know she loved the feeling of having two fat cocks pumping inside of her at the same time, even if one of them wasn't real. I was also sure we'd do it again, most likely with Carol. But it wasn't something either of us dwelled on. It was like our bondage games. It was something we both enjoyed. But it didn't dominate our daily thoughts; who we were together as a couple, or what we shared. And like those times when she became Annabelle, this new experience wouldn't happen all that often either, which was only going to make it more incredible when it did.

I was thinking of just that as I drove into Ohio, having passed through the mountains for Western Pennsylvania and Northern West Virginia. It was dark, and frankly, cold. The temperature was dipping into the 30's during the night, and as I traveled down Interstate 70 towards Columbus I sighed, because I still had a long way to go.  

The car was packed ahead of time so I could leave directly from work. I had hoped I'd be able to leave a little early. Instead, I didn't get out of the plant until after six. The first few hours were rough, with traffic being pretty heavy. But now that I was past the Pennsylvania Turnpike and its rather restrictive speed limit, I hoped to make up some time. With it being later and traffic starting to thin, I'd figured I'd get to my parent's house sometime just after three in the morning.

I'd driven through the night before, so it wasn't foreign to me. But I didn't necessarily like it. With it being fall, there would be a higher risk of deer running across the road, and that meant I wasn't just looking at the road ahead, I was also scanning a little wider just in case. I could feel my neck muscles tightening from the added tension, not to mention the headlights of the oncoming cars starting to bother my eyes.

"I wish I was there," I said as I popped Rush's 'Moving Pictures' into the cassette player, wanting something upbeat that I could play loud to keep my awake. As the first sounds of 'Tom Sawyer' came through the eight speakers of the custom stereo I had installed in my 300ZX, I sighed again, thinking about going to my parent's house and the empty bed that awaited m. I was driving almost 500 miles, only to end up within five blocks of Ann and still not have her in my arms...and the thought of that sucked.

Still, knowing I'd be seeing her the next morning brightened my mood as I pressed down on the gas pedal, speeding up a little bit. If I wasn't going to be with her until the next day, I still wanted to get there as fast as I could, and that meant pushing it a little. I knew the risks of getting pulled over in Ohio, so I kept my speed within reason, but it felt good to go even a little bit faster.
