 © 2012, All rights reserved – mimaster

~*~*~*~*~*~

"I've got to get a map," I said as I shook my head.

My mind had started to wander, yet again. I'd been daydreaming off and on most of the last few hours as a way of trying to ease my tension and frustration. I'd already played a couple of cassette tapes along the way, and now I was listening to the radio, the first quarter of a pro football game between the Rams and the Saints coming through the speakers. It was the third game I'd listened to during the trip, and yet I was still who knows how long from getting back to the hotel. As I stared at the long line of traffic in front of me, I had a decision to make.

I had gotten a late start on my drive heading back to West Virginia, the end of my little Thanksgiving jaunt to Indiana coming later than I'd expected. I'd gotten off to late starts before, many times. But this time was different. I just didn't know at the time that it was going to affect the rest of my day as much as it did. Gripping the steering wheel tightly, another five minutes passed, the car only moving forward maybe fifty feet. Staring at the endless line of red tail lights stopped in front of me, I let out an exasperated gasp. 

"I've got to get off this road!"

~*~*~*~*~*~

The entire trip had been the whirlwind kind, extremely short and very eventful. When I'd started out, I wasn't really sure if it was going to be worth the hassle, since I'd be returning again for the wedding festivities less than a week later. But I couldn't imagine being alone in a hotel room for the holiday. 

From the moment I arrived back at my parents' house, I knew it was the right decision to drive through the night to get there. Ann saw to that, with a little help from my mother. And not only did my fiancée give me one of the most incredible 'welcome home' moments a man could ever dream of, she went out of her way to keep me sexually satisfied the entire extended weekend, even though she started her period the day after I arrived. From handjobs in the car, to using her amazing oral skills in her parents' basement, to even allowing Tina to fuck me one more time, she seemed to thrive on finding different ways and places to make me cum.

One of them had been late the night before as we watched television on the couch in the living room of my parents. They had already gone off to bed, but we'd stayed up, not wanting our first holiday as a couple to end.

The couch was against the wall, tucked in a corner of the room. It wasn't the best place to watch TV, because it didn't face the screen. Instead, it faced the sliding glass door on the opposite wall, the television directly to the right in the corner of the room near the entry to the foyer. Yet Ann had insisted that we sit together there, because it was the only piece of furniture in the room for two or more people. She had me sit nearest the television, while she sat on the far side, craning her neck to see around me. 

"Are you sure you want to sit like that?" I asked.

"For now," she said, simply content to be sitting close at my side.  

My parents sat in recliners as my dad controlled the channels, flipping back and forth between two college basketball games that neither Ann nor I had any real interest in. But she pretended to. Then again, from the comments she was making, maybe she was more interested than I thought. 

As she always seemed to do, she carried on a conversation while we watched, entertaining both of my parents, using the basketball games as a backdrop to do it. Sure, she talked about a lot of other things, but she'd always come back to something that happened in one of the games, which kept my dad into the excitement of each contest. At least, he was into it for a while.

No matter what was going on in a sport he would watch, no matter how compelling the events were as they unfolded, if it got late, he went to bed. I'd seen him get up in the middle of a double overtime in a Stanley Cup playoff game and tell me to let him know who won in the morning. So when he decided to go to bed at halftime of the game he was watching the most, it wasn't a surprise. 

However, my mom getting up to follow him down the hallway most certainly was. She loved watching sports, and she almost never went to bed early. She likely did it to give us some time alone, since it was our last together before I'd be leaving. 

Dad had handed the remote to me and when I asked Ann which game of the two she wanted to finish watching, she laughed.

"I don't care, Neil," she grinned as she reached for the button of my jeans before we'd even heard the door of my parent's bedroom close. Seconds later, she'd found a way to coax me into pushing them down around my ankles, her naughty smile making a convincing argument. 

She grabbed a pillow, placing it against the arm of the couch, laying her head back into it. Before I could say anything, she lifted her legs off the floor, resting her bare left foot lightly against my balls, her right landing on my stomach. 

"Relax and enjoy the game, baby. I promise I won't make this last too long," she chortled.

I found it interesting the way she said that. She loved playing with my cock, taking great delight in delaying my orgasm, prolonging my pleasure in the process. Of course most of the time that meant that she was giving me a handjob. Yet since it was her feet that were resting on my lap, her left foot gently nudging my balls, it was pretty obvious she had something else in mind. 

Still, based on the few times she'd played with me using her feet, I would have expected the same treatment. She loved taking her time, no matter how she played with my cock. It was part of who she was sexually. She'd told me early on of her obsession for toying with a hard prick, calling it a fetish. She even showed me that night in a movie theater, and numerous times after. So when she said she was going to sort of let me off easy, it came as a surprise. 

By her usual standards, I suppose she did tone it down. At least as far as the duration was concerned. But the fact that it didn't last as long didn't mean I was shortchanged in any way. Instead, she challenged herself. While she normally took great delight in seeing how long she could play with me before I came, she changed her tactic. Her new approach was to see how many times she could bring me to the very brink of exploding before the end of the basketball game. 

You'd think a twenty minute half of basketball would last just that. But with stoppages and time outs, and the incessant commercials, the twenty minutes was a lot closer to an hour. She continued to play with me, her right foot pressing on my shaft, forcing it against my abdomen. Her other foot continued to toy with my balls, lifting and rubbing them oh so wonderfully.

Leaning back into the couch, I tried to concentrate on the game. In fact, she insisted. Every time I turned to look at her, she'd stop what she was doing and tell me to watch the television. She'd only allow me to look at her during the commercials. Each time there was one, she'd offer me a sexy stare, or seductively lick her lips, or flash me a pretty little pout, all while cooing about how much cum she was building up in by balls. 

During every commercial break, she would also increase her efforts, working to bring me to that precarious edge. Once she had me on the brink, she'd use her magical talents to keep me there as long as she could. It was amazing how well she could read me. Even using her feet, she knew just the right pace and pressure to use to make me dangle on the edge of my orgasm. My shaft would pulse and flinch, and several times I was a mere second or two from exploding, yet she'd know exactly when to back off to keep me from cumming. It was like an erotic thrill ride, filled with ups and downs and twists and turns; each one more stimulating than the last, all building toward an incredible finish. 

Yet the finish was delayed by strategy; basketball strategy, to be precise. The game was close and as time wound down toward the end, it was taking forever because the team that was behind kept fouling, hoping the other team would miss their foul shots. It was all an attempt by the team behind to get back into the game. It was something I'd seen thousands of times watching games on television or in person...or in games when I played. I'd always taken it for granted that the last minute or so of clock time in a game was always more like ten in real time. It never bothered me before. That is, until Ann started trying to time my orgasm with the end of the game.

She reversed how she was playing with me. With each foul or timeout, she would back off just enough to keep me from cumming. Every time the game action started, she'd pick up her pace a little, bringing me closer and closer, knowing that there'd be another stoppage of some kind to draw out the experience, none more excruciating than commercial breaks. She took great delight in working me up during one advertisement, then completely stopping during the next to kind of let me cool down, if there was such a thing.

"This is fun," she said gleefully as she held her foot against my shaft, remaining motionless as my cock twitched against her soft sole. 

"Yeah," I groaned sarcastically.

"I could always stop," she smiled.

"Or, you could just finish me off."

"Aw...I will baby, just as soon as the game is over. I promise." I started to whine, but her toes pressed into my balls again, playing with them gently. "You love this and you know it, Neil. I can tell by the way you react to everything I do."

"You love it too, you little slut."

My comment stunned her, and she let out a laugh. "I can remember when you used to hate that word."

"I...I'm sorry. I'm just..."

Her grin disarmed me. "Don't be. I don't mind. I am your slut. I'm just glad you've gotten past it. Sometimes, I really like being called that." 

Seeing the sparkle in her eyes and the way her cute little nose wrinkled up, I knew she was serious. "I'll try to remember that, Anna."

"And I'll try to find more ways to make you call me that, baby." With the game coming back on, she started moving her foot along my shaft again, making me squirm. "Relax and hold still. It won't be too much longer. Besides, I've made you wait longer than this before."

"Yeah, but you've never had me so close to cumming like you have tonight. I almost pulled a groin muscle that one time," I kidded.

"I'll be sure I kiss whatever I hurt and make it feel better. And like I said, you love this as much as I do."

Fortunately, the game was in the final few seconds and even with a couple of late fouls I knew the end of the game she was playing was getting closer as well. She did too, increasing the pressure, going faster as she used her delicate feet on my crotch. When the final buzzer sounded on the television, I let out a sigh of relief as I felt my balls start to stir, knowing my orgasm was mere seconds away.

That's when she stopped again and said, "Are you ready for overtime?"

"What? I thought you said you were going to finish me off when the game was over!"

She got up and moved in front of the couch, getting on her knees between my legs. "I am, baby. I just thought you'd like the chance for the game winning shot," she giggled. "I'm going to do a little ball dribbling...and you're going to shoot, okay?"

It was another corny line, but one that stirred something in me. Before I could answer her, she extended her sexy tongue and leaned in, lifting my balls. She started kissing and sucking on them, slathering her tongue all around. Her hands were on my thighs, near my crotch, but she held them there, her nails gently scraping against my skin, leaving my shaft alone as she moved back and forth between my balls. She licked, concentrating underneath my ball sack, tormenting me in the most wonderful ways. 

With my being so close to cumming for so long, it really wasn't going to take much more to make me explode, especially with what she was now doing to me. I felt my balls start to churn as she mouthed them and I moaned in response. Her dark eyes seemed to be ablaze with lust as she locked onto mine, a wicked smile appearing on her face. I felt my load building, just seconds away from racing up my shaft...and she felt it too. 

Okay, maybe she didn't feel it, but she knew. She licked up between my balls, dragging her wet tongue up my shaft as if to show the way for my sperm to follow. She flicked once at my head, before sitting back on her calves, waiting...watching. My cock started twitching as she sat still, her hands still resting on my upper thighs. That was the only contact she was making, other than the incredible gaze of her brown eyes as she stared at my pulsing cock.

The first spurt kind of dribbled out, running down the front of my shaft toward me. But the second one erupted from my cock, arcing at least a foot into the air before splashing down on my chest and stomach. So did the third and forth, which had her giggling.

"Wow...you're like a fountain!" she exclaimed as my cock continued to spasm and pulse violently, shooting a couple more ropes of steamy white cum all over my hard, tan body.

"More like a geyser," I replied, feeling the hot, sticky streams landing on my skin.

Ann cooed as the final few little spurts left my cock, the last sort of oozing out, dribbling down my shaft. Licking my balls again to make my cock jerk once more, she smiled from between my legs. "Are you Old Faithful?" she asked.

"What?"

"You said you're more like a geyser. I was wondering if you're 'Old Faithful'. Maybe I can make you go off again in an hour."

"HA...I don't think so."

"Why's that?"

"Because, my balls are worn out. I think I just shot a week's worth of cum all over me. I won't be hard again for days."

"You do know I can keep you hard right now, if I want," she said, almost as if it were a challenge.

A chill ran down my spine as I saw the look on her face, knowing she really could. Hell, she had done that to me before. Knowing what she was capable of, I nodded. "Yes...I know."

"Good. I wouldn't want you to think your slut can't get her man hard any time she wants. Now sit still while I clean you up," she hissed, her hair brushing against my still twitching shaft as she used her tongue to scoop up a line of my sperm.

Feeling the long, silky tresses moving over my skin, my shaft had a mind of its own, making it stay rock hard just like she said. She wasn't even really trying to keep me that way, although watching her eagerly slurp up each little trail of cum was helping me maintain an erection. We both knew I wasn't cumming again; at least, not any time soon. But it was incredible how sexy she looked cleaning me.

Frankly, I'd never felt sexier. I'd cum hundreds if not thousands of times all over myself when I'd jacked off over the years. I was used to having a big load dripping all over me, but for some reason this seemed entirely different. It was hotter. It was naughtier. It was damn exciting.

Sure, Ann had everything to do with that. The way she got off on doing things to me, even when she wasn't literally getting off. The way she'd made me cum, with all the little things she'd done to make the experience so amazing. Not to mention the way she was licking up my sperm, moaning as she scooped up the big streaks covering me, savoring each mouthful like it was the finest cuisine she'd ever tasted. All of those things had kept me rock hard and feeling sexy. But there was still more to it than that. 

Maybe it was how I was feeling about myself. How she made me feel like the center of her sexual universe. It was hard not to feel special the way she treated me. But I'd never felt that sexy...that alive. Maybe it was that I'd shot my load so high, in beautiful poetic arcs, landing so lewdly on my body. Or perhaps it was that I came without being touched, my cock free to explode in powerful bursts in full view...in a more natural way, with the veins of my shaft pulsing as I erupted.

No matter the reason, as I leaned back into the cushions of the couch, I felt not only sexy, I felt content. I was happy, in more ways than one. As my left hand went to Ann's head, my fingers lacing between the soft strands of her curly brown tresses, I smiled at her.

"Careful babe. You're getting some in your hair," I cautioned.

"Mmm...I don't care. I love your cum in my hair."

"That's because you're a slut."

She grinned, a visible shiver running through her as if she totally embraced what I'd just called her again. "Yes I am, baby."

"I love you, Anna."

"I love you too."

~*~*~*~*~*~

I'd actually slept well, even after having to take Ann home after she'd finished devouring her late night snack. I was still a little hard when I climbed into bed, but I feel asleep almost as soon as my body hit the mattress. It had been another long day and I was exhausted.

I got up early the next morning and got ready, driving back over to the Franklin house to pick her up. We followed her parents, driving toward the church where we'd be getting married in less than a week. She wanted me to feel comfortable there, which really wasn't a concern of mine at all. I was comfortable wherever she was, and sitting next to her in the pew only confirmed that. 

I came to realize rather quickly that I wasn't there for my benefit as much as I was there for her parents. They wanted to show me off...well, me and Ann. But most of the people there knew her. Actually, most of them knew me too, even though it wasn't the church I attended with my parents. It didn't matter that it was my first time in that sanctuary. With the town being so small, I probably knew two thirds of the people there. But they didn't know us as a couple or me as a future son-in-law. And to Marlin and Jean, that was apparently a very big deal. 

There were a lot of approving nods and friendly waves as we sat there together waiting for the service to start. While I felt like I was on display, I wasn't uncomfortable because Ann was holding my hand, squeezing it, and I could feel her love through that little touch. The smile on Jean's face also made me relax. She was beaming with pride, thrilled that I'd actually agreed to come along with them.

The service itself was very nice, although it was very different from what I was used to growing up. But I'd anticipated that, knowing going in that it was a little more ritualistic than what I was used to. I got lost a couple of times, but Ann would just smile and point in the little program the usher provided, helping me follow along. 

As I listened to Pastor Kane deliver his sermon, I looked around the sanctuary, marveling at the place. The room wasn't huge and technically, it was square. Actually, it was more like a diamond, the square tilted on an axis. It seemed more like a little amphitheater than a church, at least from the design. The pulpit was placed on a large stage area built into the far corner. The stage jutted out from the two walls of the corner at right angles and then cut across at another angle in the middle to face the entrance of the church in the opposite corner. It gave the stage three distinct edges, each with three steps leading up from the floor to the top. Yet from where I was sitting, I was above that top level.

That was because the floor was sloped, with the pews closest to the front being lower than those in the back, just like a theater. There were three sections of pews, one in front of each edge of the stage...and the pews themselves got wider the farther away from the stage they got, able to seat more people. The design meant that there were two main aisles going toward the front instead of one in the middle, which had me wondering how it would work for the wedding. I put that out of my mind though, knowing Ann already had that worked out in her head. It didn't matter to me really. What mattered was that she would be walking down one of them, and I would be there at the other end, waiting for her.
