 Many thanks to the amazing Annanova for editing this latest chapter. She rocks! Seriously!

© 2012, All rights reserved – mimaster

~*~*~*~*~*~*~

"I still can't believe you're here," I whispered as I held her close.

"It's a little hard for me to believe too," she sighed in contentment, her head resting on my shoulder, eyes closed.

Ann and I had done all the traditional things you're supposed to do at a reception, at least when you have a band or a DJ. We'd had our first dance together, followed quickly by the memorable one where she'd transformed her wedding gown into what could best be described as the hottest, sexiest party dress ever.

From there, we shared the dance floor with our parents, me dancing with my mom before dancing with Jean, while Ann danced with her dad and then mine. And then we danced one by one with the members of our wedding party. From there, it sort of became a long line of people waiting their turn with one of us.

Not everyone did. Actually, most didn't; content to sit and eat, or talk, or just have a good time. Or, they'd dance with who brought them, knowing that Ann and I couldn't possibly take a turn with everyone that was there.

Still, we danced a lot. And some of them were memorable. I particularly enjoyed dancing with our four young flower girls and ring bearers. To see their eyes light up when we did the 'chicken dance' – their laughter alone made my heart smile.

Then my heart was soaring, watching my new bride gently sway in the arms of a ruggedly handsome man from New Zealand, the two of them talking as they stared blatantly at me and the woman I was holding. They smiled at us, each proud of what they were witnessing... and they seemed to be excited. I wondered for the briefest of moments if they thought something was about to happen.

Of course nothing did. But that didn't mean I wasn't feeling an enormous sense of fulfillment to go along with the growing bulge in my pants.

Dawn moaned when she felt my pelvis against hers. "Thinking of Ann," she asked, an impish grin on her face as she opened her eyes to look into mine, blinking as if she were in a dream.

"Always," I shrugged as I glanced at my bride, who gave an approving little wave of her fingers, her wedding ring sparking from the dim lights over the dance floor. "But I'm also thinking about you. Why do you ask?"

"Because there's something big pressing against me that belongs to her. I was just wondering how it got that way," she giggled.

"The same way you got wet a little bit ago," I replied, knowing I was right without the benefit of actually being able to check. "We started dancing."

I was thrilled when the band started playing a slow song just before it was Dawn and Jeremy's turn to dance with us. I suppose I could have been nervous about that coincidence, but Ann diffused any pangs of guilt I might have felt by quickly taking Jeremy into her arms, letting me know she expected me to do the same with his fiancée. In fact, it was almost as if she was lovingly demanding it with her eyes.

"So you think I'm wet right now?" she said with a provocatively arched eyebrow.

"I know you are. I can tell."

"It's nice to know you can still make me get that way, Neil," she admitted, not bothering to deny what was so evident on her face.

"I could say the same about what you do to me. And... you know we're being stared at, right?"

"Uh huh... that kind of turns me on even more," she said as she turned to look at Jeremy, blowing a little kiss his way.

"And he's okay with this?"

"We're just dancing, Neil. Besides, he knows I'm going to fuck his brains out as soon as we get back to Nancy's house... if not before. Ann said there's a room in the back we can use for a quickie."

"Funny, she didn't offer that to me," I laughed.

"That's because she's saving you until later," she snickered. "I'm just glad she's letting me get you worked up for her."

"That you are."

"Not that she needs my help. I thought you were going to do her right here on the dance floor when she started taking off parts of her dress. You should have seen the look on your face, lover. I've never seen your eyes like that before. It was pure lust."

"Are you sure you haven't seen it before?" I asked as I ran my hand along her back.

"Well, I'd be lying if I said I hadn't seen something similar, but this was different."

"Yeah, how's that?"

"There was also love in your eyes," she said, gently kissing my cheek as the song ended. "Thanks for the dance, Neil. I really hope you come to our wedding so we can do it again."

"We'll be there, Dawn. We wouldn't miss it," I replied, giving her a quick kiss on the lips.

The band went into another slow song, but instead of taking the next in line, Ann decided she was cutting in front, moving gracefully over to me so we could share another dance. She wasted no time in melding her body into mine, her hands pulling me into her as she felt one of mine glide over her bare lower back, the other resting on her ribs just under her breast.

"My, you certainly enjoyed that," she chuckled as she felt my cock pulsing between us.

Discretely moving my hand to her chest, I found the hardness of her left nipple, rubbing it with my thumb it as the fingers of my other hand toyed with the exposed crack of her ass. "So did you."

"You know, it was great to see you two together. I bet it would have been fun to watch you two fuck," she teased, trying to get an even bigger rise out of me.

"Just as much as watching you eat her afterward," I replied coyly as I pinched her nipple hard.

She let out a gasp, her head leaning into me, almost knocking off her hat. With that, she removed it, winging it close to the stage so she could move her face further into my neck. "You'd like that, wouldn't you?" she said after a long pause.

"I'd like what?" I asked, feigning ignorance.

"Watching me lick your cum out of Dawn's pussy," she teased again, upping the ante by snaking her hand between us, pressing her palm against my hard shaft.

"It's a nice thought. But we both know that's not going to happen."

"Maybe... maybe not. You never know what might happen if we end up taking our honeymoon with them."

My cock flinched, making her giggle girlishly. It was all just foolish fantasy; another way for her to turn me on and keep me that way. At the same time, the glint in her eye reminded me that when it came to my new bride, anything was possible.

We put that out of our minds as we slowly moved across the dance floor, the eyes of the room once again upon us. When the song ended, she unabashedly patted my hard cock, putting her other hand over her face as if to say she was sorry for having such an effect on me. Then she turned heel and headed back to the line, grabbing her next partner. I waited for mine to come to me as Geoff and the band starting playing something more up tempo.

"Thank God it's not another slow dance," I sighed when I saw Paula making her way toward me, thinking about the consequences of what might happen if she'd pressed her body next to mine to find my cock hard for her.

But she was way ahead of me. "Thank God they're playing a fast song," she winked as she moved closer to me.

"Why's that?" I laughed, amazed we were somehow on the same page.

"If your Mother thought I was the one that got that big cock of yours hard, I might be in for another long night. It's taken me all day to start walking normal again as it is," she kidded. "Between what happened last night and that hard pew at the church, I thought my ass was going to fall off during the ceremony."

The thought of Paula getting her ass spanked and fucked by... well, I didn't want to think about by who did it, really, but I knew there were more than one, and that my Dad was apparently one of them.

With everything I'd done during my engagement, it would have been hypocritical to think he'd done something wrong, especially since my Mom had been the one to orchestrate it. I couldn't help but think about how that was similar to Ann and the way she set things up for me all the time. All I knew was that it happened. But it didn't bother me. It happened, and I accepted it. So did Paula, and she was making the best of it as she shook that same ass sexily to beat of the song.

"Too bad I didn't think of just spanking you the night we were together. It would have saved you a lot of trouble."

"Trouble? Who said anything about trouble?"

"You said this morning you didn't like taking it in the ass."

"I don't. But that doesn't mean I didn't enjoy it."

"That doesn't make any sense at all."

"It's sex, Neil. Just because I don't necessarily like it doesn't mean I didn't love it," she winked.

~*~*~*~*~*~

With the band on a break, Ann and I finally got a chance to get off the dance floor. We'd been out there with different people for the last hour and a half, almost non-stop. While I was tired, I was also having the time of my life.

I'd been dancing with Tina when Geoff announced that the band was taking fifteen minutes. Giving her a big hug when the song ended, she couldn't help but get a little emotional.

"I can't believe you're finally married, Neil. I'm so happy for you and Ann."

"Thanks. I'm not sure I would be without you. You've been amazing, Tina. I can't thank you enough for everything you did for us."

"Me. What about you? You and Ann have done more for my confidence than I can even say, Neil. Not to mention my self respect."

"So you're over that whole, 'I'm a slut and everyone knows it,' mentality?"

"Oh, I can still be a slut," she giggled. "I just know now that I'm a lot more than that. And that's because of you. I don't pretend that that's all I am anymore."

"I think you always knew that. You just needed someone to call you on it."

"The funny thing is that I do more slutty things now because of you and Ann than I ever did when I was letting that mindset define me."

"I'm just glad you decided to be with me that first time in your shop, and all the things we shared afterward... just you and me."

"I'm glad too. I loved what we had. Who would have thought me giving you that blowjob would have led to my being Ann's Maid of Honor. Wow," she beamed.

"You were the perfect choice, Tina. Hell, look at all the things you've done behind the scenes today, including calming down my wife before the wedding," I winked.

"She told you, did she?"

Nodding, I laughed. "Yeah."

"God that was fun," she reminisced, licking her lips subconsciously.

"I'm sure it was for both of you."

"She told you during the ceremony, didn't she? I'm pretty sure I saw your reaction."

"Right after we lit the candle. I still can't believe you did it."

"All part of the job," she said with a tilt of her head and a naughty smile.

"Well you've certainly been working your ass off."

"I wouldn't call that work. That was fun!"

"I'm sure it was, but don't shortchange everything else you've done today. Even here at the reception, you've been running around doing this and that, making things go smoothly. Look at you. Your face is flushed and you've barely been on the dance floor. In fact, I think this is the first time you've been out here since the last time we danced, and that was a couple hours ago.

"Well, I've been busy."

"That's my point. I don't think I've even seen you in the last half-hour."

"Forty minutes," she chuckled.

"What?"

"I was gone for forty minutes."

"You timed it? What were you doing?"

"I was outside, with Alex."

"Alex... the limo driver?"

"Uh-huh."

"What were you doing?"

"Alex," she giggled. "Ann got me so turned on watching her do her little dance number for you that I couldn't stand it any longer."

"So... you two were...."

"Fucking, in the back of the limo," she giggled again. "It's a good thing I'm wearing this long dress. If I was wearing what Ann's wearing right now, you'd be able to see the cum leaking down my thighs!"

"You actually fucked him."

"I hadn't planned on it. I... actually, I can't tell you."

Knowing why she was censoring herself, I couldn't help but share what I knew. "Ann told me what you did with him during the bachelorette party. It's pretty much the only thing she's told me about it. And she only told me that because I wondered how she knew him so well when he drove us over here."

"Did she suck you off like she said she was going to?" she asked, her eyes full of wonder.

"Yeah, but don't change the subject."

"I wasn't trying to. I just wondered. She was so excited about doing it that that's why I got Alex to drive you today. I just had to suck him off to get him to do it."

"That doesn't make any sense, Tina."

"He had another thing he was supposed to do today. I had to find a way convince him so he would reschedule his fleet... to move things around so he could drive you and Ann."

"Wait... his fleet?

"Uh-huh. He owns the limousine company Matt and I hired that night. I asked if he would be available for today since I knew what Ann wanted to do. He seemed kind of reluctant, so I showed him firsthand what she had in mind. Well, mostly it was my mouth, but I used my hands a little," she giggled.

"Sounds like you were being a slut again."

"I promised Ann I wouldn't say anything about that night, Neil. But I don't regret sucking Alex, if that's what you're wondering. I went to him today hoping he'd repay the favor. I just ended up with a little more than I bargained for."

"So, you didn't want to fuck him?"

"No... I wanted to. I just wasn't sure he was as into me as I am into him."

"So, you're into him? You like him?"

"A lot. And from what he said, he seems to feel the same way. There's a connection between us... I can't explain it, but that was way more than just sex. God, I didn't want to leave him, you know what I mean?"

"Actually, I do," I laughed. "I just married a woman that makes me feel that way."

"Well, I don't know about marrying him, but we seem to have a lot in common," she laughed, shaking her head. "I love that he has his own business. He wasn't even supposed to drive us that night, Neil. He had a guy call in sick. That's why it was hard for him to change the schedule. He actually had to take one of his drivers off the job today so he could do it. He's paying that guy not to work right now because he felt bad about it."

"So, this is serious?"

"I barely know him, but I want to. I know this seems kind of backward, but he just asked me out on a date for tomorrow. He actually said he wants to take me out, but only if there's no sex involved. He wants us to get to know each other without the possibility of sleeping together because he doesn't want a relationship that's just physical, no matter how amazing the sex was. I almost fainted right there in the car."

"So are you going?"

"I didn't want to make a decision after I just came so hard, so I told him I'd have to think about it. But yeah, I have to know. I have to know if there's something there. If there isn't, then I guess I'm just a slut."

"You know better than that. I was just kidding when I said that."

"I know. But I told you, I do more slutty things now than I did when I pretended I was one."

"So where's he now?"

"He's in the limo. Where else would he be?"

"Why don't you go out and tell him he just got invited in to dance with you?"

"Are you serious?"

"Absolutely. What better way to find out if there's something to it, than to ask him to a wedding? Well, a reception anyway. If he's got the confidence to come in here when he barely knows anyone just so he can be with you, I think that should tell you something."

"So you're saying you want me to ask him to be my date... right now."

"Yeah, why not? If this date works out you can fuck him again that much sooner. Besides, Ann's not going to mind. She'll be thrilled when she finds out."

Tina's eyes widened and she snapped, "Oh my God! Ann! I'm supposed to meet Ann in the back."

"She's right there, talking to Dana and Missy," I pointed, wondering what she was worried about.

"Oh thank God. I don't want to miss this," she sighed in relief.

"Miss what?"

"I can't tell you... it's a surprise," she grinned, turning to take off. Looking over her shoulder, her eyes pleaded. "Neil, do you mind asking Alex for me? I know it's your wedding and everything, but...."

"Sure, Tina. No problem," I shrugged.

~*~*~*~*~*~

I didn't really dwell on what Tina had said about there being another surprise in store. I figured there would be a lot more before the night was through, so I just took it in stride. Instead, I went outside and surprised Alex. At first he thought I was joking, but when I told him how much she meant to me and Ann, he graciously accepted. I told him to grab a plate and get something to eat while waiting for Tina to do... well, whatever it was that she didn't want to miss.

We also had to wait on the band, since they were still taking their much-deserved break. I found my way to Geoff, wanting to thank him and Tara for what they were doing. That and to express my amazement.

"So, you held out on me," I said when I approached him. "All those times I kidded you about being Jeff Beck, and you could actually play guitar the whole time."

"Sorry, Neil," he said sheepishly. "I have to admit, I've told people that for so long I kind of believed it myself."

"So, why all the secrecy, Geoff? It's not like you're a novice. You play amazing. The whole band does."

"Truthfully, it was my Dad," he shrugged. "He wanted to groom me to take over the company. I wanted to be a rock star."

"So what happened? I mean, I know what happened, but why didn't you go for the dream?"

"Gary got his girlfriend pregnant," he laughed, nudging his buddy in the arm as he sipped a beer.

"She's my wife, now," Gary chirped. "Geoff's right though. We started playing together in college, and we did pretty well. We played all kinds of parties and gigs, and we had kind of a following that was just starting to happen. Then Susan got pregnant... well, I kind of helped with that. But... that was that. It was like one of us had decided to grow up, and so everyone did."

"So you just stopped?"

"Not at first," Geoff sighed. "But Dad was pretty insistent that if I was going to take over the company, it was a commitment I had to live up to, because people would be counting on me. You know I have younger siblings, so he could have waited for one of them, but I talked to Tara and we both kind of went the, 'put away childish things,' route and I threw myself into learning the job."

"You met Tara in college?"

"I met Tara because I was in the band. We were looking for a female singer, and she could also play keyboards. She's a natural. She not only fit in with the band, she kind of took us to a new level. She became sort of our unofficial manager. In fact, that's how we're here today."

"Huh? How's that?"

"When I went home and told her how you kidded me about playing at the reception of your wedding, at first she was so excited that you and Ann would even consider inviting us that she couldn't stop talking about it. I'm sure you're not aware of it, Neil, but we don't get invited to all that many parties and things by the employees. Everybody looks at me as the boss, or the owner, or whatever. But it was kind of a, 'we'll believe it when we see it,' thing."

"What do you mean?"

"Well, the reality of life is that until you're actually invited, you're not invited. It's human nature to say something that feels right at the time. You know, when you say something because you feel you have to. I should have known better. You're just like your Dad... when you say something, you always mean it. But it's still hard not to be skeptical until you get an actual invitation. And when that happened, that's when Tara kind of went into action."
