 "Are you sure about that?" Neil asked as he drove down the interstate, glancing at the directions one more time.

Ann shrugged in response. "I'm only going by what it said, baby. And if I'm wrong, who cares? It's not like they aren't going to let us in."

"I'm not saying that. I just don't want to draw any attention to us, that's all."

"I don't think that's going to happen, Neil. Not today. Besides, it's not really like we have a choice. We either go as we are... or we don't go."

~*~*~*~*~*~*~

It had been a wonderful start. Great weather, light traffic, and far less hassle than either one of them expected. Part of that was having a game plan and being ready way ahead of time. There were excited to be on their way. They'd even gotten up early; so much so that they found they had enough time to fuck each other's brains out before they ever left.

Neil was amazed at how relaxed he felt as he gripped the wheel; a satisfied grin on his face as he put the car into gear. Ann was giddy as she wiggled in the passenger seat, the feeling of his fresh load of cum slowly leaking from her pussy making her content as they began their trip.

"This is going to be fun," she cooed, leaning over to kiss his cheek as they pulled out of the driveway.

But that mood had evaporated many, many hours before, their energetic morning romp after they had showered now a distant memory. What had started as an exciting adventure had become marred by the pitfalls they had hoped to avoid; one event seeming to crash into the next once the first domino toppled over, setting off a day-long chain reaction.

The trip that had been so carefully planned was falling apart fast, and things were only getting worse.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~

"Do you think we can make it in time?" she asked, checking her watch.

"Barely... and that's if these directions are right. I'm a little nervous now because of that detour we had to take."

"So we don't know where we're going?"

"I know where we're going, Ann. I'm following the directions, and we're hitting all the landmarks now that we're back on the map. But that detour took us way out of the way."

"But you know where it is, right?"

"Yes, babe, I know where it is. I'm just saying that if we hit more construction along the way, we could be late."

"Why do they always do so much construction in the summertime," she griped.

He let out a chuckle. "They do it in the summer because it's a lot harder to fix the roads in the winter. Besides, it's the winter that tears up the roads in the first place."

"I guess that makes sense," she replied, checking her watch again, like she had been every minute for the last hour. "God... I really hope we don't miss it."

"We're not going to miss it. Worst case, we're a little late."

"I hate being late, you know that."

"I hate being late too, but I'm not going to break a bunch of laws just to get us there on time. If we get pulled over, we'll really be late, and that would be just one more thing to add to the list of crap we've had to deal with on this trip."

Sighing, she leaned over and gave him a kiss on the cheek, her hand patting his bare leg. "You're right, baby. I'd rather be safe. We get there when we get there."

Getting there on time hadn't seemed like it would be a problem when they'd left the house. After all, they were leaving on a Friday morning, and they didn't have to be there until Saturday afternoon. It seemed like plenty of time. But that was before things started going wrong.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~

"You have GOT to be kidding me," Ann snapped, looking at the big, black electronic board hanging overhead.

"No shit," Neil groaned, suddenly feeling like he'd just been kicked in the stomach.

"Well what in the world do we do now?" she asked, the color slowly draining from her face.

"We go to customer service and figure it out. Whatever we do, we're not going to panic. We're still going to get there."

"How can you say that? We don't even know when we're going to get to leave now."

"Babe, from here we can drive it in ten hours. If we decide we need to do that, we'd still be there by morning."

"But what will we do with the car once we get there?"

"Oh... yeah. I forgot about that."

"We're screwed, aren't we?" she said dejectedly.

"Not yet. Like I said, we're not going to panic. We just have to have some faith."

"I'm thinking at this point, it's all about fate," she sighed heavily, putting her head into his shoulder, letting him wrap his arms around her body to comfort her.

It was an interesting way to look at it. After all, fate was what brought them together in the first place. It was fate that had orchestrated the circumstances for that chance encounter on Matt's patio to even happen. Circumstances that took place almost exactly a year before, allowing Neil's heart to heal from his painful divorce. Now, according to Ann, it was up to fate if they were to be reunited with the person that helped him heal. Well, her and her fiancé... and a lot of other guests that were invited to the wedding.

A wedding they suddenly might not make.

They were heading to Michigan, the two of them excited about being invited to Dawn's wedding to her beau, Jeremy. Yes, they'd been informally asked to attend during their own wedding reception, but that could have been just a courteous thing to say at the time. When they received an actual invitation in the mail in early May, they realized they were really going to get to go.

It wasn't like they hadn't discussed it. All along, they'd planned on going to the wedding if they got the invite, knowing the date of the impending nuptials. They planned to go to the wedding, and from there they would be heading off on their own honeymoon, which had been delayed.

Neil didn't have enough vacation time to both move from Indiana and take the actual honeymoon right after their wedding, so they had to wait until after the first of the year. They decided they wanted to time it with Dawn's wedding just in case, with the vague notion that the two couples might actually honeymoon together.

That final detail had never been finalized, though. With Dawn now living in Arizona, and planning a wedding that would take place in her former home town in Michigan, she had enough on her plate. And Ann had only mentioned it in passing during the reception, thinking of how much fun it might be. But it was simply a comment made in a moment of excitement, likely lost amongst the many memories of that wonderful day she married the man of her dreams. Well, it wasn't lost to Ann, who still held a glimmer of hope.

Regardless, the Thomas' made plans to head out to the wedding, and they were going to figure out what to do about their honeymoon along the way. With it being June, they weren't too worried about finding a place to go. They figured anyplace they might want to travel to would have pretty good weather. And, they loved the idea of it being a spontaneous decision. Ann said that fate would decide, and Neil readily agreed.

It seemed like a bit of a gamble to most of the people they told. After all, not having a reservation, or even a destination, could prove to be a lot more costly. Not to mention risky. But they had airline tickets that could be used for anywhere in the continental United States, a wedding gift courtesy of their friends Sonya, the air traffic controller, and Rachel, the stewardess that was part of the adventure Ann set up for Neil and Tina when they flew out for the job interview. The tickets had open ended destinations, which meant they didn't have to necessarily fly round trip. They could go to multiple places, as long as the fights were booked at the same time.

And they could be booked from anywhere, which was what they'd planned to use to their advantage. They were going to go to the wedding on their own dime, paying their own way for that part of the trip. Then, when they decided where they were going to go on their honeymoon, they'd make those arrangements in Michigan. It was an unconventional approach, but both they liked the idea of not knowing exactly where their adventure might take them.

That plan seemed a lot less attractive as they waited in line at the customer service desk at Dulles airport, trying to figure out how they were going to even get to Michigan in time for the wedding. It was surreal that the one part of the trip they had planned ahead of time was suddenly unraveling at the seams right in front of them. The electronic board they'd been looking at was the flight schedule, and their particular one had just changed from 'delayed' to 'canceled', the result of heavy thunderstorms that were wrecking havoc over Rocky Mountains.

The plane they were supposed to fly out on was still stuck in Denver, along with numerous others that were grounded due to the storms. There were dozens of flights either delayed or cancelled all over the country, many of them on United Airlines, which they were flying. It wasn't anyone's fault... except perhaps Mother Nature, but that didn't change the fact that they were stranded at the airport.

Well, they weren't really stranded. They had their car, and they had options. Options a lot of other travelers didn't have. But Ann was right. Driving their car to Michigan, leaving from there on their honeymoon, and then having to fly back to get their car and drive it back home was not part of any honeymoon scenario they'd discussed. They'd lose a day just having to drive home, and that wasn't something she was willing to give up. Neither was Neil, but they were running out of time. If they didn't drive to Michigan, then they were going to have to gamble that they could get on another flight that night, or early the next morning.

"I don't know. Maybe we should just drive there," Neil said as they moved up one spot in the line, nearing the counter. "At least we'll get there."

"Do you really want to sacrifice one of the days of our honeymoon?"

"Do you really want to miss the wedding?"

"No."

"I didn't think so. How about if we rent a car to drive there? We can just leave our car here and pick it up when we fly back."

"We've already paid for the plane tickets to Michigan. If we rent a car to drive there, we're out that money too."

"You're right. I hadn't thought of that."

"This sucks!"

"Yes, it does. Now you know why I don't care for flying; most of the time it's a more of a pain in the ass than it's worth."

They waited as patiently as they could. Well, Neil was patient. Ann was busy fidgeting, the longer they stood in line the more anxious she became. He stood by her side like a rock, holding her hand, trying to be a calming influence as he listened to the other frustrated members of their line. They moved toward the front one disgruntled traveler at a time, hoping they'd be one of the lucky ones that would be handed a miracle and be on their way. But that possibility seemed more remote as each person in line before them walked away empty handed and disappointed.

Wendy, the young woman behind the counter seemed frazzled, the cheery demeanor she was attempting to project coming off more as a defense mechanism for all of the verbal crap that had been hurled her way. It wasn't fair, really. It wasn't her fault. It wasn't anyone's fault. It was life, and sometimes it throws you a curve when you're looking for a fastball.

Or in this case, it was a screwball, with a major emphasis on the 'screw' part.

"You've got to be kidding," Neil exclaimed, exasperation saturating his voice.

"I'm sorry Mr. Thomas. They're already loaded onto the carts waiting for the plane. Once they hit the tarmac, there's no way to get them back. We're not geared up for that," Wendy replied.

"So, no matter what, our luggage is flying to Michigan."

"Unfortunately," she nodded, bracing for the barrage of personal insults she'd become accustomed to getting to come her way.

Shrugging his shoulders, he offered a smile instead. "Okay, Wendy, I get it. So, what are our options?"

"Excuse me?"

"We need to get to Michigan for a wedding, and we don't want to drive. Is there still a way to fly out of here and get us there in time?"

"That depends. What time is the wedding?"

"It's at 3:00PM tomorrow. But it will take us an hour or so to drive there once we get to Detroit."

"Let me check," she said, looking at her monitor. "Okay, we don't have anything because our flights are all booked up due to these delays. The earliest I can get you there is around 6:00PM." She continued clicking on her keyboard as Neil and Ann groaned, only to be surprised by Wendy's smile. "However, there's a flight on another airline that should get you there in time. It leaves tomorrow morning at 10:20, and it's about a two hour flight."

"How does that help?" Ann asked. "We're already booked with you?"

"I'm going to refund your tickets because you're being so nice. The weather looks good for tomorrow, and everything should be back on schedule by then."

"But all these people will be doing the same thing, won't they? I don't see how that's going to work."

"That airline doesn't have a hub in Denver like we do. That's what's causing us such headaches. We have a lot more planes grounded right now. They're not as backed up as we are. And like I said, I'm going to refund your tickets. They have a couple of openings on that flight. You'd land at 12:10 local time. Will that work?"

Neil looked at Ann, and she nodded, knowing it was the best alternative they had. "It should. We'll just have to come back tomorrow to fly out. It's going to be pushing it, but it should work."

Wendy leaned closer, whispering, "Would you like me to book your seats for you so you don't lose them?"

"You can do that?"

"Uh huh. They don't like us to, but I can do it from here. I have to tell you though, the seats won't be together." Ann groaned, but she agreed. He wasn't happy about it either, but they were both in the mode of making the best of things. Wendy keyed in a few more strokes and said, "Okay, you're all set. Just go over to there," she said, pointing, not wanting to actually say the name of the competitor. "You can pick up the tickets right now."

"Thanks Wendy," he said.

"You're welcome. And thanks for being so nice about everything."

"No problem. It's not your fault."

They walked away, making their way across the airport. Finally getting to the counter for the airline they were now booked on, they almost dropped their carry on bags.

"Oh my God... this line looks longer than the LAST one," Ann griped.

"I know, babe. Let's just make the best of it. We've just got to be patient."

"Yeah, right... 'cause I'm so good at that," she replied sarcastically, rolling her eyes.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~

"Is this where you stayed with Tina?" Ann asked excitedly, wondering if they were in the same hotel that Neil shared with their friend on the adventure Ann had set up for them.

He smiled, shaking his head. "No babe. That was a Sheraton. It's about a half-hour from here."

"Oh."

"You're not disappointed, are you?"

"Well, yeah, but not about that. This day just hasn't gone like I figured it would. I mean, I knew we'd be staying in a hotel tonight, but I didn't think it would be this one."

"FUCK!" he yelled, leaping off of the bed to grab his overnight bag.

"What?"

"The hotel in Michigan! I've got to call and change our reservations!"

Ann was right; the day was anything but what they had carefully planned. They were now officially in 'make it up as you go' mode. It was one of Neil's strengths, but he hadn't planned on having to use it until after the wedding. Now, he was changing things that had been set up for well over a month, and it was causing more stress than either one of them could take.

With the flight being cancelled, they had decided to take the first one out the next day, hoping there wouldn't be any other problems. But that decision meant having to make a lot of other ones, the first of which was what to do for the night. He had lobbied to just drive home and come back the next day, even though it would be an hour and a half drive in both directions. She was in favor of finding a hotel near the airport and staying the night. She wanted to start her vacation, and driving home would make her feel like all they did was just waste their first day.

As the line drug on at the airport, waiting to get their tickets for the fight they'd be taking the next morning, Neil started seeing things her way. Especially when she said she didn't want to wait any longer than she had to in order to get him into a bed. Motivated by her sexy laugh, he found them a nice hotel near the airport to stay in overnight, only to be scrambling a half-hour later to change the arrangements for the one they were supposed to be staying in.

"Is everything okay?" she said as he hung up the phone.

"I guess. We didn't cancel today soon enough, so we're going to have to pay a penalty for the room."

"A penalty?"

"Yeah, but as long as we show up tomorrow, it won't be that much. Otherwise, they charge us for both days because they couldn't book the room for someone else. That's the point of having a reservation, I guess."

"Well that sucks."

"Everything about this day sucks," he said as he collapsed backward onto the bed, staring at the ceiling with his arms stretched over his head.

"Hmm... then maybe I should too," she winked, rolling over onto her side to reach for his belt. He started to move, but she got on her knees, pinning his arms in place, her hands going to his wrists. She offered him a sloppy, wet kiss. "Don't move baby. I want to play with you for a while."

He held still while she ran her hands under his shirt, lifting it to his chin. Sucking at his nipples, she fumbled with the belt. She stopped long enough to strip his shorts off, resuming her sweet torture of his chest as she began slowly stroking his cock with her soft hand, bringing it to life.

"God that feels good," he moaned, fighting the urge to lower his arms.

Squeezing his shaft, she mumbled, "Feels good to me too."

Slowly working her way down his body, she licked the head, tasting the precum leaking from the tiny hole. She moaned, savoring the taste, working her magical hands to make more ooze out onto her extended tongue.

Tilting her head, she worked her mouth over him, taking inch by thick inch teasingly down her throat. When she finally swallowed him whole, she pressed her lips against his pubic bone, humming happily, feeling him throb and pulse.

Placing her hands around the base of his cock, her thumbs pressing into his balls gently, she began fucking him with her mouth and throat, her head moving all the way up until just the tip of his cock remained on her lips, then slamming back with such force he had to grab at the headboard to keep from moving. As her head moved faster, he could feel his load start to build. So could she, the telltale signs that he was nearing his orgasm making her wetter by the second.

She loved making Neil cum. It didn't matter how she did it; just the idea that she could make his glorious cock spurt and spasm almost made her cum herself. She loved the way his shaft felt when it exploded; the power and force it had, with so much sperm shooting from his balls it seemed endless. She loved the way his body moved, and the sounds he made when he came for her. She loved the way he tasted when he shot in her mouth. She loved the texture of it when he shot all over her body. And she loved the way it felt when he quite literally exploded inside her pussy or ass; the warm, thick goo slowly escaping her holes over time, making such a wonderful mess.

It was that last part that got her excited as she fucked him with her face. While she loved the taste in her mouth, or the feel on her skin, she suddenly became wild with lust thinking about whenever that cannon went off inside her. As odd as it sounded in her head, it somehow made her feel like a complete woman when he came inside her. Of course, when she felt the remnants of his huge load start leaking from her pussy or ass afterward, it made her feel like a complete slut, and that was she longed for.
