 © 2014, All rights reserved – mimaster

~*~*~*~*~*~*~

The cabbie dropped Jeremy and Neil at the curb, leaving them to find the beach on their own. It wasn't that hard, really. All they had to do was find the ocean. The beach would likely be right there next to it.

They'd returned the condo after an incredible round of golf at a fabulous resort course, only to find it empty. Not that they expected their wives to sit around and wait for them. Frankly, they'd expected them to go to the beach. What they hadn't anticipated was for them to go to a different one than the beautiful stretch of sand nearby that they'd been frequenting all week.

Having to take the cab to the location where the girls said they were going was the easy part. However, finding them looked to be the much more difficult task. The white sandy shoreline seemed endless, as did the crowd. People were everywhere. There seemed to be a thousand of those huge, colorful rental umbrellas dotting the beach as far as the eyes could see. And there were at least five times that many beach towels, all laid out randomly, creating a maze of sorts.

"Jeez, Jeremy. How in the world are we supposed to find them?" Neil asked.

"No clue, mate. I suppose we just start walking down the shore and keep an eye out."

"Yeah. I guess that's as good an idea as any," he shrugged.

They started on the very north end of the beach where they'd been let off. Heading south, they walked slowly at the waters' edge, trying to scan the sand as well as the surf, knowing they could be anywhere. It was a daunting task; one they feared was going to be a waste of time. There were so many people milling about they were worried they might miss them. In fact, it seemed certain they'd pass them by without knowing. It would have been easy for them to become frustrated, or even angry about their predicament. Yet they remained calm and focused, concentrating on the challenge.

It was hard to tell how far they'd walked, but it was certainly over a mile. The interesting thing was, the farther they went, the less crowded the beach became, and the more scantily clad the women were. Gone were the families with young children, with moms wearing one-piece bathing suits. Missing were the ladies in the more modest bikinis. The suits were suddenly all two-piece, and they became skimpier as they went south. Catching the sight of a gorgeous blonde strolling through the rolling surf, Jeremy stopped dead in his tracks.

"Neil! She's missing her togs!"

"Not only that, she's topless!"

"That's what I just said!"

Looking around, the men realized they'd stumbled upon an area of the beach where almost all of the women were without their bikini tops. Many of them were wearing thongs, showing off most of their ass cheeks. There were even few wearing just microscopic g-strings, including the two drop-dead gorgeous babes strutting directly toward them through the oceans' edge. 

"Holy SHIT!" Neil exclaimed, his grin as wide as his eyes.

"You can say that again!"

Dawn's g-string was a very pale yellow, while Ann's was white, and they each were incredibly small, barely covering their pubic area. They were also wet, along with the rest of their bodies. It was clear they'd been in the water, which made the material of the g-strings practically translucent; Ann's landing strip was clearly visible through hers. Between the view of their pussies and the rock hard nipples exposed on their bare tits, they were both turning heads as they made their way toward their men.

"Hello boys. Did you have a good time stroking your balls?" Dawn teased.

Ann chimed in, saying, "I don't think their done, Dawn. Looks like both of them want to play one more hole."

Neil shook his head and laughed. "Very funny. How long have you been practicing that little routine?"

"Ten minutes," she replied, not missing a beat as she leaned into her husband, giving him a deep, long steamy kiss, her arms draping over his shoulders.

"I can't believe you're naked," he whispered.

Pulling back, she did a little pirouette. "I'm not. I'm wearing a g-string. See?"

"Oh, I see... everything," he laughed. "Is it legal to be dressed... or undressed like that in public?"

"Seems to be. Everyone else on this part of the beach is. I think they let it slide because there are so many people here from other countries. No one's totally nude though."

"You might as well be."

"It kind of feels like I am," she giggled. "This is so amazing to be walking around like this baby. I've been so turned on all day! I had to get in the ocean to hide how wet my pussy is."

"What? You're wet now! I can see your strip."

"I know, but now people think it's from me being in the water, not from me creaming myself just from lying like this on the beach.

"H... how did you find this place?"

"Dawn called the desk at the resort and asked if there were any nude beaches around here. They told her there was one that they're talking about making fully nude, but it hasn't been made official yet. Then they told us if we come here, we could get away with being topless."

"What about the g-stings?"

"We kind of dared each other to do it. But when we got here we realized there are hundreds of other women wearing them too, we realized we weren't as daring as we thought we were. There are a lot of gorgeous women here." 

Running his fingers over her nipples right there in the open, he smiled. "You look so amazing, babe. I wouldn't worry about the other women. I don't think I could tear my eyes off of you if I wanted to."

"Oh, I'm not worried about you staring at the hot girls, baby. I expect you too. That's why we're here... to see and be seen. And trust me, we've been seen today!"

~*~*~*~*~*~*~

Neil was straddling Ann's ass, rubbing baby oil on her back, and her moans were making him hard. Make that harder. Her dark bronze skin was glistening in the golden rays of the Florida sun. She looked so natural lying there, head resting on her folded arms, a contented smile on her face.

He glanced over his left shoulder, catching the image of Dawn, safely in the arms of her husband as they stood waste deep in the Atlantic. He wondered for just a second if they were fucking from the way her legs were obviously wrapped around his body, her arms wrapped around his neck as they kissed.

"What are you thinking?" Ann asked, bringing him back to her.

"I'm thinking I can't believe we're here."

Her sexy smirk appeared. "What else are you thinking?"

"That I love the feel of your skin. It's so hot."

"I'm hot."

"You can say that again," came his smooth response, along with a snicker.

"I wasn't being conceited, baby. I meant I'm really horny. You know how I get from laying out in the sun. I get hot, and then I get horny. And I've been practically naked all afternoon in front of thousands of people. I can't tell you how many times I've had to stop from touching myself."

"Maybe you should let me do that for you."

"I'm pretty sure that would get us in trouble if we got caught. I'd hate to spend our last day in Miami dealing with that."

"Listen to you, being practical."

"I'm just being careful, that's all."

"That's not like you either," he laughed.

"Maybe not, but I promise to make it up to you later. Let's just enjoy me being like this for you right now."

He knew she was right. Fingering her right there on the beach was a bit too risky, even for them. But that didn't stop him from wanting to push the envelope at least a little. "Let's enjoy it more. Roll over and let me do your front."

Ann cooed, her smile widening as she put her sunglasses back on and rolled over. She raised her knees in the air, settling in with her feet near her ass. He looked over her body as he kneeled next to her, steam practically coming out of his mouth from being so excited. She noticed the huge bulge in the front of his trunks and licked her lips seductively.

"I see you're excited too."

He was almost panting as he leered at her, admiring her lithe, sexy frame; her feminine lines all the more stunning from the lack of tan lines; her long curly brown hair perfectly framing her angelic face. She looked like she was born there, a tropical babe in her natural habitat. "You belong here," he sighed. "You're a Goddess, Anna. You're... you're Aphrodite."

He smiled; his brilliant white teeth making her heart melt. The way his eyes washed over her, with love and lust swirling together in those bright blue irises; that stare had her feeling wet between her legs again. His broad shoulders hovered over her, his dark blond locks waving in the warm breeze. Her desire for him was overwhelming. If he suddenly insisted he wanted to fuck her right then and there, she honestly knew she'd spread her legs further and let him. 

"I belong with you. I belong to you... Adonis," she said with a playful lilt in her voice.

He wasn't sure if their use of Greek mythology was technically correct or not, but it was clear they both got the point. Her inflection made chest swell. He could feel the heat in her gaze, even if he couldn't see her eyes through her stylish lens. Her left hand grazed his leg as he poured baby oil on her upper chest near her neck, running it in a line between her breasts down toward her navel.

"Mmm... that's exactly how Dawn did that when we first got here," she teased, her fingers traipsing along his inner thigh.

His cock flinched at the thought, but he tried to remain somewhat calm. Starting at her shoulders, he rubbed the oil over her skin. The aroma alone would have had him rock hard if he wasn't already. It took him back to his days as an adolescent teenager, and how the hot young girls at the pool he'd frequent would put on suntan lotion or baby oil to lie and bake in the sun.

"Ever use Coppertone," he wondered nostalgically, recalling how that particular scent could also drive him wild.

Ann had used baby oil most of her young adult life. It was common then, because the harm of lying out without some kind of protection wasn't as well known. But she'd gradually started using more and more things with some kind of block in them. She loved tanning, but she also hated the idea of getting burnt, especially since she'd taken to lying out in the nude.

"Occasionally, whenever I use a sunscreen. I've used a lot of different brands lately. But there are still times where I just love the idea of being oiled up. Like today."

"You're incredible," he sighed to himself as he worked over her fit body.

She moaned, loving the feeling of his fingers on the outside of her breasts. Running her fingers further up his thigh, she felt him tense a little, which made her giggle lightly. He spent a lot more time coating her breasts than he needed to, but she didn't seem to mind. In fact, it allowed her to toy with him, her nails gently scratching at his balls through his shorts. A gentle tweak of her nipples was his response.

He forced himself to move lower, rubbing the oil over her stomach. She sucked in her breath as he neared her pubic bone, his fingertips tickling her skin. Her legs shook a little, her knees moving wider, almost splaying open for a second in hopes that he might dare to go further.

But she knew he wouldn't.

Picking up one leg by her ankle, he lowered it to the towel covering the sand. Then he did the same to the other so he could work on them. Moving to her feet, he started there, rubbing in oil as he slowly began moving up. She found herself spreading for him, her thighs splitting wider to give him more room. He could see the outline of the ring in her labia against the thin, tight fabric of her g-string. The more she spread her legs, the more prominent it came into view.

Her hands were now at her sides, her tits rising and falling as she lay still. He worked on her upper thighs, moving methodically, massaging more than just coating her luscious body. The closer he got to her crotch, the more she tingled, longing for him to do what she wanted.

But she knew he couldn't. 

His job seemingly complete, he lay next to her, his right hand gently resting on her flat, toned abdomen. He was on his side, his head cradled in his left hand as he stretched out, admiring her slick, sexy body. She could feel his hot breath on her skin, knowing he was leering at her, loving the attention he was giving.

"That was wonderful," she said as his fingers moved lower, touching the very edge of her g-string, flicking at it.

"Better than Dawn?" he asked with a wry smile.

Turning her head, she saw the devilish look in his eyes. She felt his middle finger slip underneath, touching just the top of her strip of blonde pubic hair; toying with it... and her. She wondered how to answer his question, knowing he was teasing her. She wanted to say anything that would make him reach down just two inches further so that finger would graze over her clit.

But she knew he shouldn't.

Thinking of Dawn and how her hands had roamed over her body there on the beach like Neil had just done made her mind swirl with sexual imagery. Her touch had been so different, so feminine. And yet it had turned her on so much to let her fondle her body out there in the open. Not to mention that she'd done the same to her first and how amazing it felt to know she was likely being watched while she 'innocently' oiled up her friend. She wondered if anyone there thought by the way they were acting that they might be lovers instead.

Perhaps it was just that she and Dawn had spent some time together at the condo before deciding to hit the beach. Perhaps it was how they'd spent that time, and how the idea of trying to find a nude beach came up in the first place. Perhaps it was finding out there weren't any actual nude beaches, and how they'd decided they would dress to come as close to nude as they could. Perhaps, if she told him these things, he would slip that finger into her wet, wanting pussy right there, in full view on a public beach. She knew all the reasons he couldn't, and wouldn't, and shouldn't.

But perhaps... he just might.

"I wouldn't say it was better or worse. I just know it was amazing having her touch me like that on the beach."

"Did she touch you like this?" he said, moving that finger down a little lower, running back and forth across her landing strip.

"Actually, she went lower," she said, biting her lip nervously. 

"She did?" his voiced cracking, finding it hard to believe Dawn had been that daring. Hell, he was nervous just with what he was doing. 

"Wait... that was back at the condo," she teased as she lifted her glasses for a moment, making sure he could see her wink at him before dropping them back over her eyes and lying again on the sand.

He leaned in close, all of his fingers sliding under the top of her g-string. But the stayed still, his thumb gently rapping on her skin. "Sounds like you have a confession to make, Anna," he whispered.

"What would you like to know?" she said breathlessly.

"Whatever you feel like you should tell me."

"Do you want the full version, or the abbreviated one?"

"I want the one where you don't stall."

"Mmm... we'll go with the full version then," she smirked, still staring into the sky.

Her eyes were closed underneath her shades, a tranquil mood enveloping her. Somehow, amidst all the noise, it was just her and Neil and the surf. She took a deep breath, knowing he wasn't going to speak. He was waiting, patiently, like he always did.

"After you and Jeremy left, Dawn and I were sitting in that big pit in the living room. And we realized that was the first time we'd actually ever been alone together."

"Sure you have."

"No we haven't. Maybe we've been just the two of us talking, like in the kitchen. But you and Jeremy have always been there in the other room."

"What about when the two of you went shopping the other day? You were alone then."

"That's different. We were together, but there were a ton of other people shopping too. This was the first time we'd actually been alone."

"You make that sound unusual."

"It is, when you think about it. Here we are, thinking of each other as friends, and yet that was the first time it had ever been just the two of us together by ourselves."

"So you're not friends?" he laughed.

"I'm not saying that. Of course we are. I'm just saying that it was a little odd to realize it."

"You're friends with Tina. And you became friends with her without even meeting her first." 

Giggling, she nodded. "I know. I mentioned that to Dawn."

"Seems like I'm missing something."

"Just give me a second to explain, okay?"

"Sure. Go ahead."

"So, we watched you and Jeremy climb into the cab through the window, and then we sat back in those cushions. She was on one side, and I'm kind of across from her, and we're just staring at each other for the longest time. It was like we were waiting each other out, seeing who would say something first."

"Say something about what?"

"Anything, really," she shrugged. "But the entire time, I'm looking at her. And we're both naked, you know, because of the honeymoon rules and everything. The next thing I know, she parts her legs and starts playing with herself while she's looking into my eyes. And she has this sexy smile on her face as she's doing it."

"Wow... what did you do?"

"I spoke."

"Ha. Okay, what did you say?"

"I told her she didn't have to do that by herself."

"And what did she say?"

"She asked if that meant I was going to do it with her, or if I was going to do it for her. And then she winked at me and stopped doing it for herself. She pulled up her knees and put her hands on them, and she kind of scooted down and opened herself up for me. And then... she waited."

"For what?"

"For me to crawl over to her. And I did, Neil. I was letting her lead, and she made me eat her."

"She made you," he stated, shaking his head, not believing she had to be forced.

"Maybe not like you make me do things, but that's how I interpreted it."

"Don't you mean that's how you chose to interpret it?" Her grin admitted what her words wouldn't, and he chuckled. "That's what I thought. Okay, so she made you. What happened next?"

"I ate her, and she came. And then she got up and went into her room."

"So she just left you like that?"

"Sort of. She told me to stay like I was, and she'd be right back. And I just happened to be on my knees, with my tits pressed against the cushions and my ass in the air. So, I kind of froze in that position. When she came back, she was wearing a big strap-on, and she asked me if I was ready to fuck."

"Where the hell did she get a strap on?"

"Her room, silly."

"I know that. But, why would she... she doesn't... they don't –"

"God, no. Don't be so silly... she doesn't use it on Jeremy. She said she bought it for me."

"What? When?"

"She said she got it when we sent her our RSVP for the wedding. She said that she was hoping we'd get a chance to go on our honeymoons together, so she took a chance and bought it."

"Okay, that doesn't make any sense, Anna. Where in the world would she get the idea that you'd want to do something like that in the first place?"

"My guess would be the bachelorette party. And it wasn't like she was getting it for me as a gift. It was more like... payback."

Ann took another deep breath, unsure if she wanted to say anything more. But she knew she had to. She'd started the conversation, in a way. And she was still a bit hopeful of what he might do to her there on the beach. Her pussy was leaking like a faucet, and he was still gently toying with her pubic strip underneath her g-string. It was driving her mad, and she was hoping to entice him to do even more.
