 © 2014, All rights reserved – mimaster

~*~*~*~*~*~*~

"Happy anniversary, baby," Ann cooed, her naked body sliding up against Neil's under the single sheet covering them.

"Mmm... happy anniversary," he replied, their lips meeting for a long, steamy kiss.

It was hard to believe they'd already been married a year. They'd gotten off to a pretty good start as far as marriages go, although there were a few arguments during the first few months. It was all a part of learning to live with someone you loved but didn't really know all that well.

They'd each discovered the little idiosyncrasies that bugged them about their partner; pet peeves that could fray their nerves from time to time. But they had quickly learned to overlook the minor ones and talk about the ones that they found too irritating to ignore. They became really good at making compromises. Actually, Neil always excelled in that area. It was one of his strong suits. It was Ann and her stubbornness that usually led to an argument.

On the few occasions where things got heated, and Ann stepped out of line to the point that a disagreement became an all out fight, Anna Renee would readily appear shortly afterward to be...well, punished. But that didn't happen all that often. In fact it hadn't for well over six months.

Not only had Anna Renee not made an appearance for quite some time, neither had Annabelle. They'd decided as a couple to shelve that part of their lives for the time being, content to play out other fantasies when the mood arose. It seemed Anna was always lingering around, willing to play, and their love life flourished.

Ann had eventually gotten used to his unusual work schedule, finding positives in each shift that would outweigh some of the negatives. His rotating schedule still wasn't ideal, but they made the best of it. Of course, it helped that she wasn't working, but they knew after several times of dealing with the stress that would come from making a shift change that they'd make it work no matter what.

There was stress, though, and it affected both of them when he would switch. He'd be irritable for the first couple of days after he changed, trying to get his sleep patterns adjusted. And she'd be cranky the days leading up to a change, knowing it was coming. But all in all, after doing it for almost a year, they'd adapted, knowing they couldn't change the circumstances of his job and its hours.

It was obviously always best when he was on day shift, and he currently was. Life actually seemed normal. And while the other two had some really great benefits from a sexual side that they used to their advantage, working a somewhat normal day was so much better. And it helped get them through the tougher shifts.

He was lying back, staring at the ceiling. She was curled up against his body with her left leg over both of his. Toying with his nipple, her finger traced circles around the edge of his small areola, her soft humming making his cock begin to stir. Actually, he was already hard, but now she could see his stiffness pressing against the sheet that was covering them.

"It's a pretty day outside baby. They said on the news it's going to get up into the mid 50s."

He could see the sun had risen through the window, the brilliant rays bouncing off the mountain range in the distance to the west. They'd neglected to close the blinds the night before, a deliberate move knowing the light would wake them naturally. They hated to set an alarm on his day off, and yet it was their Anniversary, and Ann wanted to spend as much of it awake as they could.

"It does look like it's going to be a nice day," he agreed, his arm around her shoulder, running his fingers lightly along her spine.

It was hard to imagine having such nice weather in December, but the mild winters they'd discovered in their area made for a pleasant surprise like that every now and again. Of course, this was only their second winter in West Virginia, and they were only really starting it. But she had come to love the area, what with it having all four seasons as compared to California, and the fall being so spectacularly beautiful if made her finally feel at home.

Still, she missed California. In a lot of ways, she felt that was her real home, like she'd been born and raised there instead of her native Indiana. And while she loved where she lived now, a big part of that was because of Neil. As beautiful and amazing as she found her new home state, it was hard to imagine living there on her own. She missed Dana dearly, calling her several times a week. The same could be said for Missy, and to a lesser extent Sonya, and her California mom, Billie. Hell, she even missed Dawn, now living in Arizona, calling her every week since their shared honeymoon. Maybe it was just a West Coast thing.

They were all her friends, and they meant the world to her. She felt lucky that Neil was so understanding about the frequent phone calls she'd make. She seemed to call someone in the Pacific Time zone every other night, most often Dana. And she called even more when he was on second shift, finding a friendly voice a big help on the evenings she was alone while he was working. But over the last few months, she finally felt like West Virginia was not just where she currently lived. It felt like she belonged there.

It helped that she'd finally met some other people. Their next door neighbors, a wonderful older couple, had sort of adopted them, treating them like their own kids. They were helpful, and friendly, and a little quirky... but they were good people. And they weren't meddlesome, which both Ann and Neil found to be nice. There's nothing worse than a nosy neighbor, trying to make your business theirs, and the Wallace's were anything but that.

Jason was a handsome, slightly graying, athletic type in his early 50s that worked for a local government agency. His wife Felicia was in her late 40s, but looked much younger. She was a trim, sexy, brunette, her southern charm mixed with a worldly air about her. She was a stay-at-home mom of sorts, although their three kids were all grown and gone. It was probably more accurate to describe her as a stay-at-home grandmother, as she would sometimes babysit one of her two during the day.

Felicia and Ann had become close, the two of them getting together almost every day for morning coffee. Jason had befriended Neil, taking him golfing several times, and he was quick to offer one of his many power tools from his immaculate garage; one that looked like it was a satellite store for Craftsman.

That friendship had helped Ann immensely, kind of giving her a home base. But she'd also made a few other friends in town besides Heather, Carol and Martina. She made them the way she usually did, just by being herself. She'd gotten used to the area, and the hills, and quickly found her way around. Being on her own all those years had helped her become independent, forging a kind of bravery. She wasn't afraid to go out and meet the world, always on her terms. She lived in West Virginia, but she still had that California flair about her.

All in all, she felt comfortable in her marriage, and in her home. She'd spent the summer doing landscaping. Actually, she had Neil do a lot of that on his days off, telling him what she envisioned, with him doing the heavy lifting, so to speak. But he didn't mind. And he took care of the yard itself, doing the mowing and trimming, something that she wanted no part of.

But when he was away, she planted... more things than he could imagine. And she watered. And she fertilized the plants and trees. She pruned and trimmed and shaped. And by the fall, he was stunned at how amazing the outside of the house looked. It was like something out of a magazine. It looked... like the inside. It was perfect. She'd turned their little house into a stylish, contemporary home.

The one thing that surprised him was that she hadn't really done anything to the master bedroom. Well, not compared to the other rooms of the house. She'd put up wallpaper in the kitchen. She'd painted the living room a shade of beige and put up a border. She sponge painted the bathrooms. She even painted the guest room and added a border to it.

It didn't surprise him that she didn't do anything with the small bedroom, other than to put in a daybed and some other furniture. She'd mentioned casually once that she envisioned that as a nursery someday, and he naturally assumed she was saving any serious redecorating of that room for when that time might come. But they hadn't talked about having kids just yet. It was far too soon in their marriage for that.

It did surprise him that she hadn't painted the master bedroom though. All she'd done was hang a few pictures, and add some ornate window treatments. But there was no wallpaper, no border... the walls remained a pristine white. And maybe that was the idea. Not only was that the color of the walls, it was the color of the room. The big comforter was white. So were the pillow shames. They had a set of red satin sheets they'd use during other times of the year, as well as black ones and gold ones, but during the winter she'd placed a white set on the king-sized bed, along a white duvet that went between the top sheet and the comforter.

It made the room bright, and pristine looking. When she'd first told him what she was thinking of doing, he imagined it would come out looking sterile, like a clean room of sorts. Instead, it turned out to be incredibly romantic.

With the temperatures not being that cold outside, and the heat turned on during the night so they could keep the shades up, they ended up kicking the comforter and duvet toward the foot of the bed during the night. Waking up with just the pure white silken sheet over their bottom halves, they lay there, holding each other, Ann still curled against him, toying with his areolas and nipples.

"So, what do you want to do today, lover?" she asked, kissing his cheek.

"I don't know, why?" he asked, thinking she probably already had something on her mind. After all, Ann seemed to love coming up with erotic things for them to do.

But she didn't. She deliberately didn't want to plan anything, on the off chance the he might have. She didn't want to take a chance of ruining anything on what was supposed to be a special day for them. And it was already special, just waking up beside him.

She went with the obvious answer, saying, "Well, it is our anniversary."

"I know," he hummed happily, his fingers running along the soft skin of her bare back.

"So, don't you think we should do something?"

"I am doing something," he said, kissing her forehead.

"You know... it's also Sunday."

He felt her trying to cajole him into coming up with something; some plan or idea. But he simply nodded and said, "Uh huh... I know."

"It's our day, baby. The day we share with each other."

"And I am."

Moving up to look him in the eye, she gave him an adorable pout. "Aw, Neil, are you teasing me?"

"Is that what you want me to do?"

"No... I want you to tell me what you want to do."

"Uh huh... I know," he said with a wicked smile.

"So you are teasing me."

"Not really. I'm just lying here, loving how you feel against my body."

"And that's what we're going to do today? Just lay here?"

"Mmm... maybe," he said, taking her into his arms, pulling her on top of him.

They kissed, tender and slow. But she persisted, pulling back to look into his eyes again.

"I'll do whatever you want today. You just have to say it," she said in her sexiest voice. It was a blatant attempt to bribe him, but he wasn't biting. At least not yet.

"Anything?" he asked, arching his eyebrow.

She ran through the rolodex of possibilities in her mind. She wasn't really up for 'anything'. She just wanted to do something exciting. But she'd opened her mouth. Not wanting to disappoint him on a Sunday, and her anniversary of all days, she relented.

"Yes, baby. Anything. If you want me to be Annabelle, or Anna Renee, or just plain Anna, I'll do it. Just say the word."

"Well, you'd have to be bad to be Anna Renee, so I don't see that happening today. But... you'd really be Annabelle for me," he grinned, feeling her shake at his statement.

"Y... yes. Is that what you want?"

She suddenly felt her heart sink. That was actually the last thing she wanted to hear, which was why she offered it first. She'd gone with some kind of odd logic, a perverse reverse psychology, thinking to say the things she didn't want first in hopes that he'd gloss over them and choose something else.

The truth was she didn't want to be Annabelle. She hadn't for a while. She still loved the idea, and she knew she would submit to him that way again. But it was something she had to get into the right frame of mind to do in order to enjoy it and that usually took her several days, or even weeks. Of all the things she did for him, that one was the hardest for her physically and mentally, and it wasn't something she just wanted to do on the spur of the moment.

It was odd. She had no problem playing Anna Renee, which was just as physically demanding on her. And mentally too, she supposed. Then again, that wasn't really a role. It was more of a side of her; the stubborn side that would be unreasonable and demanding, and would push Neil's buttons deliberately, knowing what would eventually happen when he calmed down later.

When she did those things, he'd finally reach a breaking point and walk away, only to return. And when he'd return, she knew what was coming. There was something about the way she acted beforehand, and the time he gave her to reflect on her actions, that prepared her for what was to come. And that was odd, because while she was technically being punished, she actually got off on it. The way he'd fuck her in those circumstances was incredible. She sometimes thought that that was why she pushed his buttons in the first place.

Knowing that, it was strange she even mentioned being Anna Renee. It wasn't something she became by just donning an outfit. It was something that happened when she made him angry to the point she needed to be set straight. She was hoping he'd want to find something to do with Anna. But now that she'd opened her big mouth and offered pretty much anything, she was stuck. And pride wasn't going to let her back out.

She looked in his eyes, waiting for him to say she should get prepared. She could mentally see him walking across the room, going to retrieve the key in the jewelry case on her dresser. She could picture him unlocking the chest at the foot of their bed, removing things to use on her as Annabelle. It seemed like he waited an hour to answer her question.

Neil couldn't believe his ears when she said that she'd submit to him. He knew better; her body language was practically screaming she didn't want to do it. But he knew her. There was no way she'd back down after not only offering, but then confirming she would. Yes, she had asked him if that was what he wanted, her way of trying to wiggle out of it. But he knew how prideful she was, and how important it was to her to live up to her obligations.

Offering her an out, he said, "Are you sure? You're really willing to be Annabelle for me, today of all days?"

Slowly nodding her head, she said, "Yes, Neil. I love you," her voice low and shaky.

"I love you too, babe," he said, kissing her forehead again.

She was surprised in that he didn't call her Annabelle that moment. Or any other name for that matter. Still, she was resigned to how her day was going to be spent, and she took a deep breath, trying to rush her brain into getting mentally prepared. Pushing against his chest, she lifted off him so she could start getting ready.

"Whoa, where are you going?" he laughed as he grabbed her and pulled her back down, rolling over with her so that he was on top.

She let out a squeal, but it wasn't as playful as he normally would have heard, her nervousness evident to him. "I... I was just going to g... get ready."

"For what?"

"I need at least an hour to become Annabelle, Neil. I hope you understand."

"An hour. Fuck that. I'm not waiting an hour," he grinned, hoping to get her to lighten up.

"Look... I –"

"I thought it took you a week to be able to do that. Isn't that what you've always told me?"

"Well, at least a few days. But this is different. So, give me an hour, and I'll be ready."

"No it's not, and no you won't."

She became confused, unsure of what he was saying, and what he wanted of her. And all she could ask was, "What?"

"No, this isn't different. And no, you won't be ready in an hour."

"Neil, I don't understand."

"Ann, I don't want to be with Annabelle today. Or Anna Renee. Or even Anna. This is our first anniversary, babe. And I want to spend it with you."

"With me?" she replied, her eyes welling up.

He kissed at tears as the rolled down her cheeks, tasting the salty discharge. "Yes, babe... I want to spend it with you. We talked about this in Denver when we went on our honeymoon. Ann is one of your personas too... and she's the woman I fell in love with."

Her hands wrapped around his neck, pulling him into a long, wet kiss. "You're so mean," she finally said. "I can't believe you had me thinking you wanted to be with Annabelle."

"I can't believe you offered. What were you thinking there?"

"I... I just wanted to please you. That's all."

"Well, for the record, as much as I love it when we do that, I do it to please you. Not the other way around."

Her eyes widened, what he said making more sense then she ever realized. He would never just want to do that if she wasn't into it. He wasn't sadistic by any stretch of the imagination. In fact, the first few times they delved into that world, she had to implore him to be harder on her. And while he'd come around far enough that he pushed her perfectly now, he never gave any indication that he was upset they didn't do it more often.

She didn't know if she was mad at herself for thinking he was like that, or relieved that he didn't take advantage of her proposal. Either way, she let out a long sigh, grateful that she wasn't digging through their toy chest hunting for a collar to put on. Still, a little twinge ran through her, wondering what that would have been like.

"Damn my dirty mind," she thought to herself, wondering why that would even pop in there. But she didn't have time to reflect.

His strong hands were roaming over her body, one on her left side, the other on her right shoulder, each of them helping to bring her back to the moment.

"I love you so much, Neil," she whimpered.

"I know," he said smugly, a hint of a laugh in his response as he nuzzled her neck.

"Oh God," she thought, her mind wandering just like his hands seemed to be.

They weren't touching any of her normal erogenous zones, and that only made her more sensitive to them. She felt his body moving lower, and she instinctively parted her legs, her pussy suddenly so wet she knew he'd slide completely inside once he entered her.

And then came the shock, her body suddenly lifted in a quick, strong motion off the soft mattress. "Come on, lover. We need to shower."

~*~*~*~*~*~*~

She had to admit, the warm water felt incredible against her skin. The tingling of the jets almost hurt, but the massaging action made it the good kind. She leaned back, the spray of the shower nozzle hitting her scalp.

"Aaaahhh," she breathed, loving how it felt.

Her hands cupped her breasts. She felt sexy the way she was standing, her left knee bent, jutting out slightly as she arched her back, only her toes touching the bottom of the tub. Even though her eyes were closed, she could feel the soap from her shampoo running over her body. Just the thought of that had her pussy tingling. Hearing the shower in the other bathroom shut off, she smiled, waiting a few minutes more before reaching for the conditioner.
