 Neil found himself struggling to sleep. He was tossing and turning, unable to find a position where he felt comfortable. It mostly had to do with him being in the middle of the king-sized mattress. It felt odd not to have the edge to his right even though he was rarely near it when he slept. It was like being a land-locked country with no coastline to speak of.

He was in the middle, and even though he had been every night for the better part of a week it was hard to get used to. The entire reason he was in that spot to begin with was a bit too incredible to believe. He never imagined that he'd be sandwiched between two hot, naked babes during the night. It was an erotic dream come true. Perhaps that was the real reason he was struggling to sleep; the excitement of being that fortunate.

That he loved them both dearly added to his level of euphoria. He loved the one to his left more than anyone in the world. That's why he married her. Yet it would be disingenuous to ignore his love for the petite blonde to his right. While it wasn't the same as what he felt for Ann there was no denying his feelings for Tina, and he was giddy thinking about how he'd gotten to sleep with her... and with Ann every night for the last eight.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~

It was still hard for him to fathom that she was even there. Ann had surprised him once again, doing so in the midst of what had been another surprise. Tina was more than a surprise, really. She had been a bombshell, literally and figuratively, and his wife had pulled it off flawlessly in such a way that it seemed too good to be true. That she hadn't even planned it to work out that way made it surreal. Only Ann could take a spur of the moment change of plans and turn it into what she had.

He'd been a willing pawn in yet another of one of Ann's elaborate sexual fantasies. From all appearances it had been one that she'd made up on the fly; a spontaneous escapade born out of the fact that he and Thelma's crews had worked their collective asses off on Friday, meaning the shift wouldn't have to work on Saturday as expected. Ann used that stroke of good fortune to her advantage, changing the plans she had for the day.

Ann convinced her naughty neighbor Felicia to sacrifice the day of intimate adventure she was going to have at her home next door. She agreed, consenting to let the women meet at Ann's house instead, doing something entirely different.

Ann hoped they would want to participate in a role-playing adventure she had in mind so that Neil could be a part of it. Most of those women agreed knowing that if Ann was involved, even though it was being invented inside her head as she went along, it would be a day they'd never forget.

It became more than that for all of them. Ann's exotic portrayal of Cleopatra had been an incredible success. If it had actually been a movie release it would have been extremely triple X-rated. It also would have been a summer blockbuster. It was such a hit the cast would have been lining up to sign on for a sequel or two. As it was, they all walked away feeling they'd been a part of something special.

Well, most of them walked away. Felicia had to be helped home, Carol and Heather offering support because she was so fatigued and sore. They guided her across the yard late in the evening, the two of them in their bikinis as they followed their Queen's orders. Ringing the doorbell, they left her lying on her front porch; her used and abused naked body covered only in a sheet, lying on the cold concrete as she waited for her adoring husband to come to the door. For his part, Jason couldn't have been prouder of his wife as he saw her there, smiling at him.

"Ready for more," he grinned as he removed the sheet to admire the marks adorning her tender ass.

"Yes, please," she replied excitedly, hoping he was serious.

Neil didn't know anything about that, though. He didn't even know he'd fucked his slutty neighbor, what with the blindfold he'd been wearing and the strict code of silence everyone was adhering to at the behest of his wife. From a practical standpoint it was Felicia that fucked him. He'd bucked his hips occasionally but with him being tied up as he was, he hadn't really fucked any of the women. They had all ridden his hard, restrained cock, using both it and him for their pleasure.

Yet in the strictest sense he had fucked them. He'd even been sucked while he ate several of them. He knew he'd been with Carol without a doubt. It was obvious that Heather had ridden him as well. But after that he was clueless. As much as he tried, he couldn't figure out for sure who the others were, although he had plenty of sexy suspects running through his head. Ironically, Felicia wasn't one of them that seriously crossed his mind.

He certainly had no knowledge about what she'd endured before she sank her tight pussy over his cock. He didn't know it was her that was fucking him while Carol did the same to her ass with a strap-on. While he knew his neighbor was very promiscuous and that her husband encouraged that side of her sexuality, there wasn't a scenario that he imagined where she might be one of the ones who'd used him.

Neil thought Felicia was extremely attractive and he knew she was always horny. He loved the idea that Ann looked up to her in so many ways. She was a grandmother in her late 40s that also happened to be stunning, and she was very sexually active. Ann hoped to be the same when she got older; the notable exception being that little detail about fucking other guys. Felicia could and did; Ann most certainly couldn't and didn't.

It wasn't like it never crossed Neil's mind what it might be like to fuck Felicia. He was a man. She was all woman; one who didn't exactly hide who she was around him. She was most definitely a sexual carnivore with a known appetite for virile men. Neil just tended to see her more as that loving wife and grandmother. He never knew which one might be living next door at any given time, so he didn't totally discount her as a candidate in Ann's latest adventure. It was more that he never considered her a realistic possibility, thinking it would be too strange since he and Jason were such good friends.

He also didn't know that Beth had ridden him to several climaxes just before Felicia. She'd been unable to resist the temptation of feeling such a thick shaft inside her wanting pussy. She wasn't one that would have ever popped into his head. Her reputation as the prude of the first Super Bowl party had stuck with him, even though she'd come out of her shell at the latest one. The thought that she would become the kind of woman that would be cumming all over his cock three times, and that her husband Tyler actually fit more into the mold of Jason than himself seemed ludicrous.

That it was Beth and Olivia that had sucked his cock together would have stunned him. Well, more Beth than Olivia. He could totally envision her being one of the ones that fucked him. In fact he had, thinking at first that Beth was Olivia. That was until Felicia climbed on. He was convinced that she was Olivia based on the first impressions he had of her. Riding him while getting fucked with a strap-on seemed right in that vixen's wheelhouse.

All he knew for sure was that there seemed to be more women than he could count and he was there for their pleasure. That he received any in the process was a bonus.

The biggest just happened to be the last one.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~

Feeling the bed move once again Ann reached toward her nightstand, pressing the button on her clock to illuminate the time. It was three in the morning and she smiled. "At least it's Friday," she thought, worried about how Neil had been burning his cock at both ends all week long. "Thank God he doesn't have to work in the morning."

Neither did she. Ann was still in the midst of a long vacation, having taken ten straight days off from her job at Henrietta's House, all because Tina had finally committed to coming out to visit them. It was more than just a vacation. It was like a sexual summer holiday, the two of them getting reacquainted in so many delectable ways. All three of them, actually.

Ann had a soft chuckle when she thought about where they were. She recalled how just before they'd gotten married, she'd suggested to Neil that they should slow their extramarital activities down once they committed to each other. She was worried that they were pushing things too far and too fast, thinking that once they were alone together starting their life in a new state, they should focus on just the two of them, wanting to make sure their love could continue to grow as just a couple.

Neil readily agreed; worried that involving outsiders so early in their young relationship could create unnecessary friction. He likened it to trying to start a diet while standing in a buffet line. With them dating literally by phone two-thousand miles apart, he felt they deserved to give each other their fullest attention once they actually shared a home as husband and wife.

They had been able to for a while, with the exception of a couple of prearranged threesomes with Carol. Ann was proud of the fact that they'd gone six months without inviting anyone other than Carol into their bedroom. When she thought about that, however, she realized it was a built-in cheat, like knowing ahead you were allowed to have a slice of cake when you started that diet. And you'd get to do that more than once. It was easy to put aside the idea of having sex with someone else when you knew you were going to have sex with someone else, and you'd actually circled the day on your calendar so you could look forward to it.

In all honesty Ann knew her plan to avoid any kind of temptation as far as the subject was concerned was pretty much doomed from the start. Specifically, she knew the first time she participated in stripping at that inaugural Super Bowl party. The thrill she got from doing something so brazen was to intoxicating, even though nothing sexual happened.

That moment proved it was going to be impossible to keep the sexual fantasies that sometimes consumed her buried inside forever. Hell, she couldn't keep them at bay for just a couple of months. That first party was just six weeks after they moved.

There were too many of fantasies that turned her on, and most seemed to somehow involve more than just herself and her loving husband. There were so many that required other people that would need to be asked to be involved in some way, even if not sexually.

Ann was done in for good during their honeymoon and what the two of them shared with Dawn and Jeremy. She might have gotten away with the innocent removal of some clothing during the big game. But their honeymoon was a stark reminder of who she was, and who she and Neil were as a couple. That trip to Miami was too much fun, and they'd had too great of a time to deny that being sexually adventurous with people outside their marriage was going to be a part of their lives. Denying it would cause more damage to their marriage than embracing it.

She was just happy that she'd kept her ultimate commitment to Neil. He was more than enough man for her and while she didn't mind the idea of sucking a different cock now and then, she had no desire to fuck another one besides his.

The part she no longer was willing to deny was the need to satiate the feminine side of her sexuality. Wanting to be intimate with other women was an important part of her sexual identity. She grinned as she thought about how at one time the idea of calling herself bisexual made her blanch. She'd learned to embrace it, not thinking of it as a label but simply a part of who she was. While she didn't necessarily broadcast it to the world, she didn't see the need to hide it if someone close to her decided to ask.

Even with all of that, Ann didn't feel like they'd been that active with regard to inviting others into their bed. She didn't count the escapades on their honeymoon really, since that was what she considered a very special occasion. And while they'd had the occasional threesome with Carol, those having been agreed to in advance, she couldn't recall having one after their first anniversary. It had been a couple of years.

Of course, there was the fun and excitement of the three Super Bowl parties, each one becoming naughtier and more sexually charged than the last. But only during the most recent had she done anything sexual, being the lucky slut that got to eat Stacy's pussy after she won one of the pots in the gambling game they played.

Other than that, they actually had cut back on their extra marital sexual games. That didn't mean she didn't think about them all the time. She found she missed the thrill of creating an adventure, with all the minute details that went into meticulously planning every facet to make them realistic.

She'd planned her lesbian day, but that was over a year before. And she'd recently agreed to be in one for Felicia, but in that instance she simply accepted an invitation from her horny friend. Ann hadn't really planned it, and besides, those two examples were really for her. They were both a part of accepting the idea that she was truly bisexual and wanting to continue exploring that side of her sexuality. That Felicia's party morphed into something different wasn't what was intended at the start.

As for the Super Bowl parties, the fun at the first one just happened on the spur of the moment, Martina being the one to actually start stripping. Ann had been the third to remove her top. It felt more like a dare from Carol and Martina at the time, the two of them expecting her to follow suit. It wasn't her fault she hadn't worn a bra that night. She also made it a point to follow the lead of the others ever since.

Other than those events, she'd kept all her other sexual fantasies limited to things between her and her husband. They were fun and exciting, but there were none that could be quantified as adventurous by any stretch of her incredibly inventive imagination. The one thing that was obvious, what with the ease that she fell into the role of Cleopatra, was that it was a part of her life she had been suppressing far too long.

Then again, maybe the reason the ability to transform herself into the Queen of the Nile came so easily to her that day was that she'd been planning a surprise for Neil for quite a while. She was already in a playful frame of mind. All she needed was an opportunity to express herself.

It took Ann months to finally convince Tina to come out. Her friend was reluctant at first, mostly with the idea of leaving her business for that length of time. Tina had taken a couple of mini vacations over the last year, but being gone for ten days was a concern. Ann eventually wore her down, reminding her over and over that she'd done an incredible job of growing it. She added a third full-time girl who had experience. That move gave her two capable people to lead the staff of five part-timers. Ann said if she didn't take some time for herself, and soon, she was going to burn out and lose everything she'd worked so hard to build. That comment got Tina's attention.

The thing that tipped the scales came in the form of a ripple in Tina's personal life. She had been seeing Alex off and on for the last few years. He owned a limousine company in Fort Wayne, and he was the one that drove Neil and Ann to that city the night of their wedding, before taking Tina to his place after dropping them off at the hotel suite.

He and Tina began dating and had been pretty much since then. Just not exclusively. Tina had dated a couple of other guys, and she knew Alex had been with other women. Yet they always came back to each other, mostly out of convenience. That worked for the longest time, until she took stock one day in where she was in her life.

Alex was incredibly handsome. He was funny. He was also very successful. He could say similar things about Tina and they'd all be true. The overriding factor she couldn't ignore though was that he was always there. He was safe. Too safe... and that revelation complicated things immensely.

She didn't want to be his comfort sex anymore, nor did she want him to be hers. She felt she needed some time to find herself; to figure out just what she wanted in her life. In truth, she already knew the answer. It was obvious that she wasn't really in love with him. That's why she kept dating other guys in between. She was searching for something better, just like he was. While he was great in many ways, she had to accept that the chemistry between them just wasn't quite right.

It was hard to think of it as a breakup, but she did end the relationship. She missed him, and she certainly missed the sex, but she knew she needed to end the charade.

It was amazing how once she finally made that decision to let go, things in her life seemed to change. Work started coming together, her staff stepping up and making great strides. She'd tested them on the short stints she'd taken off, pleased with the results she found when she returned.

That bit of freedom away from work, even in short doses gave her perspective. It also opened her eyes to possibilities she hadn't considered. A new romantic interest seemed to come out of nowhere. She began seeing someone over the last couple of months. Just being around him was intoxicating; her feelings for him so strong it made her swoon every time they got together. While she didn't want to overanalyze it, the fact was it seemed much more than just the physical attraction that came easily to both of them. There were feelings. Strong ones on both sides, and she was scared.

It was because of that that she decided to head to West Virginia hoping to clear her head. The intensity of this budding relationship was so heated it was taking them both by surprise. Ironically he was the one that actually suggested it would do them both good to take a break. The last thing he wanted to do was hurt her, or get hurt himself because they rushed into something too fast. When she mentioned she'd been invited by a friend, giving her an actual destination for a relaxing, extended vacation, he encouraged her to go. She found that approach refreshing and it made her want him more. At the same time, she knew he was right. What she needed was some uninhibited adult fun that she didn't have to think about.

Deciding that she needed to trust her shop to the girls she hired and trained, she took off early the previous Friday, heading east toward what she hoped would be a good time. Instead it was turning out to be the most incredible experience of her life.

She still got wet every time she thought of how she was greeted at the door by all those naked women, and how they'd literally ripped the clothes off her body to present her to Ann on the deck. As she lay next to a restless Neil, she could practically taste Ann on her tongue, thinking about how electric it felt to lick her pussy right there in front of total strangers.

More than likely that sweet cum was fresh in her mind because she'd actually eaten that same delicious pussy just a few hours before. Licking her lips, the familiar wetness appeared between her legs once again. She wondered if Ann could still taste her as well.

She moaned when she thought of how Ann ate her pussy. Her hand started sliding down her body, letting her fingers run through the folds as she closed her eyes and dreamed of how they'd eaten each other on that very mattress. Her thumb brushed against her clit and she allowed her middle finger to touch the ring in her labia, a twinge of excitement hitting her as she remembered Ann's reaction when she first saw it. Pulling at the ring, she felt her cunt spasm a bit.
