 © 2019, All rights reserved -- mimaster

~*~*~*~*~*~*~

"Are you ready, babe?"

"Almost," Ann called out from the back of the house. She was standing in front of her dresser, picking out what jewelry to wear.

"We're going to be late," Neil yelled back from his spot on the barstool in the kitchen.

"No we're not. We're going to be early, like we always are."

"If we're not there early, we're late."

"Afraid you might miss something?" she laughed.

"Frankly, yes. You know how much I look forward to this night... I'm thinking this might actually be my year."

"You act like you're going to an awards show. Are you up for an Oscar?"

"I should be. I put on a pretty good performance a few months ago."

"What performance was that?"

"I was the lead actor in 'Annabelle Gets a Dungeon.' I really think I've got a shot."

"First of all, the Oscars are next month, and that movie just came out. So, technically, it won't be eligible for an award until next year. Secondly, it was most definitely rated X, so I doubt it's going to be nominated," she noted as she came out from around the corner, hooking a dangling gold earring through the hole in her left lobe.

"Mmm... that's a shame." He eyed his wife, his heart beating faster as he saw how she was dressed. "You'd be a hit on the red carpet hanging off my arm."

"Every movie star needs his eye candy," she winked, putting her other earring in. "Besides, I'm sure there's some kind of adult movie awards we don't know about. And in that case, we might both be eligible."

"If only I would have filmed it instead of just taking pictures."

"Well, we'll just have to get a video camera someday. Apparently, Ben and Olivia tape themselves all the time," she teased. Finished, she put her hands on her hips, flashing her megawatt smile. "So, am I overdressed?"

She was wearing a black silk camisole top that scooped down low between her breasts, showing off the inner curves of her cleavage; the black lace bra underneath held them up wonderfully. Her nipples were attempting to poke through the shiny fabric, showing just how turned on she already was. The tan suede miniskirt was slightly longer than she usually would wear, but there were four-inch wide mesh black panels on the sides that showed everything from her hips to her thighs, and there was a matching one in the shape of a V in the front that showed off her pubic mound.

He grinned as he saw her landing strip through the mesh. She'd started growing it back the day after he'd released her as Annabelle, and she'd trimmed it wider. The strip was at least an inch and a half, and it came in full and thick. It was the same natural brown as her hair, but with blonde highlights. She'd added the same highlights to the wonderful brown curls on her head, and thought doing her mound the same way would be a nice touch. With the strip being wider, it stood out even more.

She sat on the stool next to him, watching him drool as she crossed her leg to strap on one of her 5-inch stilettos. The reflection of the lights flashed off the silver spikes of the heel, making him blink.

"So... am I overdressed?"

"Are you wearing a bra?" he asked, looking right at it.

"Barely. It's a half-bra, and it's strapless, so I might as well be naked underneath."

"Are you wearing a thong?"

"Sort of," she winked.

"What do you mean, sort of?"

"I'm wearing a thong that doesn't cover anything... at all," she teased.

She put her one leg down, parting her thighs as she grabbed her other shoe, giggling when she flashed him a glimpse of her pussy ring. Even though she'd worn it for years, she knew that always got him hard whenever she flashed it to him like she was. The fact that he knew she rarely wore panties under a skirt also did the trick, but it was always more fun to tease him.

He groaned as she let his eyes linger for a second, before crossing her legs to strap on the other shoe.

"I didn't see a thong, babe... and trust me, I was looking."

"Trust me It's there... I'll show you later."

"So, you're telling me you're wearing a thong," he laughed.

"I have to. A minimum of four pieces of clothing required... remember?"

"Oh yeah," he grinned, thinking about the rules of the party they were attending.

"So, in the spirit of the night, I'm wearing one. It just happens to be one we sell at the store that's a little modified. An actual thong really doesn't go with this skirt, baby."

"Modified," he smirked.

She coyly shrugged in response. "What's the fun of having a daring outfit if you're not going to accept the dare and wear it the way it's intended to be worn? It would be an insult to the designer, now wouldn't it?"

"Camilla?" he assumed, thinking it was her boss's mother that had created it.

"Actually, Mary Ann designed this one, but Camilla made it. Either way, I have an obligation to wear it the way it was meant to be worn, don't you think?"

"I think it was designed to show off some sexy panties underneath."

"That's your interpretation. I happen to like mine better."

"Far be it for me to question the fashion sense of a certified Super Bowl slut,"

"I'm your slut all the time, baby. Not just when the game rolls around."

"That you are," he said with a throaty growl. Standing, he leaned in, holding the back of her head as he took her mouth with his.

"Mmmmmmmmmmm," she moaned, letting his tongue search for hers, loving how he anticipated what she needed. When he pulled back, she sighed. "I'm so thankful I married such an incredible kisser."

"Me too, babe. So... are you ready to go now?"

"Not yet. I have to let out Roscoe before we leave. Remember?"

~*~*~*~*~*~*~

Ann made her way down the well-worn path from their deck toward Samantha's condo. The two had become fast friends, as if there were any other kind for Ann. It was incredible to him how little time it took her to become close to someone she just met. Part of it was her gift of discernment, able to read the sincerity and honesty of a person almost instantly. But it also said something about how Ann approached those new relationships. She invested in them fully, giving of herself as a way to connect in a more personal way.

It didn't surprise Neil that she'd befriended the attractive widow; after all, it was just like his wife to reach out to someone in need. And even though it had been a couple of years since the tragedy that took Samantha's husband, she was still hurting.

It was more of a dull ache these days, her life having gotten considerably better since she'd moved. It had been a difficult decision to finally sell the house. It felt like she was severing the one tie that connected her to Kevin. He'd always said that house was where they were going to build their life together, and they had. With him gone, that house still represented what they had shared. It was tough to think of giving that up.

She eventually went with the most logical of reasons as her basis for going through with putting it on the market. Since they didn't have kids and it was just her and her bull terrier, she didn't need that much space. And she certainly didn't need to deal with all the yard work. They'd lived in a huge old home in the middle of town that sat on over three acres of lush green grass, filled with dozens and dozens of shade trees. She felt like all she did after work was mow the lawn or rake the leaves. It left her little time for anything else.

When she finally came to the conclusion that she needed to move, it all happened so quickly she wasn't actually prepared for it. The house sold after less than a month on the market, retrieving well over her asking price. That was the result of an unforeseen bidding war behind the scenes between two very interested couples both hopeful of buying the house of their dreams. But because of that, she ended up with just three weeks to not only find someplace to live, but also to move in. She settled on the condo more out of necessity than anything else. She liked it, but she wasn't in love with it. That made her feel like she was settling.

She knew going in that she didn't want another house, but she couldn't bear the thought of living in an apartment. Plus, she needed to invest in something with the proceeds on the sale, not wanting to pay a capital gains tax. Buying a condo seemed like a right idea. She just wished she'd had more time to consider her options.

Still, there were some attractive points to the one she bought. For one, it was on one of the ends; one of the first criteria she'd put on her list. There were six home units in all, and she was on the far end, which meant no traffic would be passing the front of hers, and she only had one neighbor to deal with as far as a common wall was concerned. Since they were an elderly couple, she had considerable peace and quiet.

It also had a small back yard that was fenced in; the perfect place where she could let her faithful companion run around free. And there was also some land beyond the back side of her fence where she could grow a vegetable garden; something she loved to do. Moving in mid-summer meant she wasn't going to have much of one, but she threw herself at it anyway.

The initial change offered a refreshing outlook. Decorating a new home gave her something to do other than yard work when she came home from her job at a local accounting firm. She loved her job, and it had become a saving grace when she lost Kevin. The two partners in the firm had done everything they could to ease her burden, as had her dozens of co-workers. After a year, she began working toward becoming a limited partner herself, and she felt confident it would happen sometime in the coming spring.

But for time being, she was trapped in the middle of winter, and she was so grateful that she had a new neighbor she could honestly call a friend. It was the one feature of the condo that she hadn't considered when she bought it, and it had turned out to be the biggest reason she began to love living there.

It was so odd how she was attracted to Ann in the first place. Not physically, although she certainly could admit that she was a gorgeous woman. No... the appeal of Ann was her freedom; the carefree way she presented herself. And that was something she'd noticed from afar, long before she ever had a chance to meet her.

It was born from those evenings or weekends when she'd try to fight off boredom. Idle time was her enemy, because it could remind her of how lonely she was. She had to work to keep herself busy, even if it was with mundane chores. Late one weekend afternoon, she was busying herself, finally getting around to hanging curtains in her bedroom, when she caught a glimpse of her stunning neighbor walking into the house from her deck. She'd seen her before, many times, walking in the yard tending to her flowers, or moving about her deck... seemingly always in a tiny bikini. But this time she was noticeably different, and Samantha found herself staring.

It wasn't something she'd ever considered, but she admired that someone would be so comfortable in their own skin they could walk about topless like she had. She'd only seen her bare back, but she had to admit, that turned her on a little. She found herself blatantly staring out her window, even after the woman had gone inside, thinking that she might come back out. Samantha didn't dare take her eyes off the house up the hill, hoping she'd return, wanting to see the view from the front. She actually got upset with herself that she hadn't been paying more attention when the enchanting girl-next-door rose from the hidden lounger, ignoring the fact she wasn't aware she was there.

Leering out her window, it brought about a confusing mixture of thoughts, the first being Kevin.

She wondered what he would have thought of her walking around like that outside the home they shared for years. They certainly had the land for it, even in the middle of the town. She could have done it and not been seen. Her smile broadened at the thought of his reaction.

It was somewhat of an old bit at that point. She would be doing practically anything and it could make her think of him. The sadness of that faded over time. She'd gotten to the stage where she could view those instances with a more upbeat reflection. This particular rumination was groundbreaking. It was the first time she could recall giving in to the feeling of how much she actually missed being sexy for him without feeling sorrow. It actually brought out a desire inside.

Sex had truly never crossed her mind that first year. It wasn't until a month after the anniversary of the accident that she actually got turned on by something, setting it aside as a moment of folly. It was a few more weeks before she realized that she was finding herself thinking about sex often, mostly because of a cute new employee that had been hired at the firm. He was young, and sexy, and way out of her league... at least in her mind. But that didn't stop her from dreaming what it would be like to take him to bed.

That really was the final straw when it came to the house. She knew in her heart that she couldn't move on with her life living where she was. It would always be her and Kevin's home. Just the idea of dating someone wouldn't be fair to his memory as long as she stayed there. She had no doubt that he loved her, so much that she knew he'd want her to be happy, even if that meant being in a long-term relationship with another man. She would have expected him to do the same.

But she needed to let him go, and she couldn't do that in their house. While she couldn't bring herself yet to take of her wedding ring, she felt her sexual urges pushing her to forge ahead. She was forty-one, and while she had an incredible fifteen years with her husband, she was too young to go the widow route and never fall in love again. Or at the very least, fall in lust. It was hard to admit at first, but she missed the feeling of a man in her arms, and between her legs.

She put the house up for sale on a whim, wanting to commit before she could change her mind. She actually got serious interest the very first weekend. So much so that her realtor warned her she should start looking for a place of her own. She ignored him, thinking for sure it would take at least six months before she needed to worry about it. When the offer came in far in excess of what she'd listed the property for, she had little choice but to accept. That put her in a mad scramble to find a place to call her own. The decision to buy a condo came easy. Finding one she liked proved tougher than she envisioned.

Still, she did like many things about her new home. It had three levels, and while she wasn't thrilled with the idea of vertical living, it wasn't as bad as she made it out to be. The front entrance was a split level. You had to walk up six stairs to the front door, only to choose whether to walk up or down six more once you entered the residence. The downstairs led to the fenced in area, and it had a lot of storage, as well as the laundry room. While that was a pain, she loved that the previous owner had the good sense to install a laundry chute, which saved her carrying her clothes down just to wash them.

The spacious kitchen and living room were on the middle floor, along with a half bath. There was a nice-sized bay window offering the plenty of sunlight in the mornings, and a fireplace along the far outside wall; something the middle units didn't have. Upstairs was a guest room, which she'd made into a little den. She did have a loveseat in it that pulled out into a single bed in case she might have a guest over, but she liked that she didn't have an official second bedroom in the house. It somehow made it feel more like a home having another room to relax in besides the living room.

There was a small three-quarter bathroom off the hall with a standup shower, which was unusual for condo the size of hers. The master bedroom and bath were in the back of the top floor. The bathroom was perfect, with a large tub and lots of space. While the bedroom itself wasn't huge, it was certainly comfortable. And again, she got the warm morning rays that she loved so much.

It was in her bedroom, hanging curtains to limit that sun, when she suddenly noticed Ann, and that she was half-naked. She was standing on a ladder, and she wondered if that was the reason she could actually see over the odd partitions that covered up the deck, hiding anything below the railing. With the condos being so far below it down the hill, she assumed it was the additional height that had allowed her to see slightly more.

In truth, she never really paid attention before, having been so busy trying to keep busy. But it was hard not to stare when she saw the bronze skin of her beautiful neighbor's bare back as she walked into her house. It was a passing glimpse, but it stirred something inside her; something that she found oddly titillating.

She wasn't sure when it happened, but there was a time over the next couple of weeks when she realized she was spending an inordinate amount of time staring out her bedroom window in the direction of that deck. At first it was just to make sure she hadn't been imagining things. She justified it in her mind as research, of all things, wondering what it might be like to sunbathe topless. After all, she had a fenced in yard, offering privacy. She wouldn't have a large amount of time under direct sunlight, what with the confined back yard, but it might be nice to try.

She kept looking, becoming borderline obsessed at the prospect of seeing the hot young woman to her east brazenly parading around on her deck without her top. It didn't turn out to be that brazen, though. In all the times she'd found herself looking out the window, she'd only seen her bare back a handful of times.

It wasn't until she came home early from work one Friday that everything changed. She had gone upstairs to change, and she took her customary look out the window out of habit. She was stunned that she not only saw Ann outside. There was also a half-dozen other women lounging about. And they weren't bothering to hide their breasts at all if they happened to be standing.

Samantha became flushed. Racing downstairs to the living room, she turned off her air conditioner, even though it was humid and in the nineties outside. Quietly opening her window, she craned her neck. With the compressor and fan from the A/C off, she was hoping to be able hear what she couldn't see.

She ended up spending three hours spying on the women frolicking on the deck. It was a shock at first, knowing what was going on. Or at least she thought she did. It finally came the point where she wished she was up there with them, no matter what they were doing.

It wasn't like she hadn't been with a woman before, at least in a vague sense. She'd done some innocent experimentation in college with a couple of sorority sisters. Nothing along the lines of all out lesbianism; they stripped, and watched each other masturbate. She enjoyed it, but she enjoyed the idea of men so much more, so it never went any further than that.

Watching from her perch on her mattress, she found herself becoming excited... extremely excited, even though she couldn't see a thing that was happening. The mere idea of what she thought was going on had her on edge, to the point that she had to do something about it.

It was the first time since Kevin died that she found the courage to give in to her desires. She'd suppressed them for so long, unable to make herself to move on sexually. It wasn't much different than the rest of her life. She had found it difficult to take the next step.

Now, with a new home and a new outlook, she was finding herself succumbing to the feelings that had been stirring inside her. She longed to be held, and kissed. She craved that intimate feeling of being in a strong man's arms; the warm, sexy sensation that came with being desired. And for the last few hours, she'd been thinking of what it would be like to surrender to the charms of a sexy woman in the most intimate of ways. Yet at that moment, she simply hungered for the sweet release that came with an orgasm... even if she had to do it herself.
