 © 2019, All rights reserved -- mimaster

~*~*~*~*~*~*~

Martina was fidgeting in the passenger seat, her hand clutching a large shopping bag. Her husband Alphonso was at the wheel, carefully navigating the rolling terrain of the Shenandoah Valley.

"Step on it, honey. We're going to be the last ones there," she pleaded for at least the fifth time that he could recount.

"Somebody has to be last, sweetness," he said in a deep, calm voice, refusing to go any faster than he already was.

"Well I didn't think it would be us. Not today," she whined.

Putting his huge hand on her thigh, he gently squeezed. "This isn't about us being late. It's about what you want to do tonight, and you know it," he chuckled.

"Fine! It is about tonight. Is that what you wanted to hear?"

"I'm not trying to make you upset, Martina. But I'm not going to have a wreck just because we're going to be a little later than we planned."

"I'm not upset. I'm just... anxious."

"You're horny."

"That too. I've been thinking about tonight for two weeks, honey... ever since we won the championship. I still can't believe we're going to win the Super Bowl."

"Uh, no offense, but there is no 'we'. And you haven't won. The game hasn't even started."

"We're playing the Bills, Al. That's a foregone conclusion. You said the same thing last year when they played the Skins."

"True."

"Still sore about me not being one of the sluts last year?" she winked.

"I was never sore about that. I basically forced you into that decision. I just never thought you'd be able to keep your clothes on once the game started. I really thought I'd win that bet."

"Well, you didn't. I have more willpower than you give me credit for."

"I wouldn't go that far. Unlike you, I'll actually root for your team this year; and not just because I know how much more fun the party's going to be if they win. I'll do it because I love you. That makes me the bigger person."

"Fine, you're right. I didn't root for your precious Redskins last year. But if I had, I wouldn't have this," she grinned, holding up the bag, shaking it to make a point.

His mouth turned up, slightly askew as he flashed his trademark smirk in her direction. "Yeah... I'll certainly give you that. Frankly, it's the only endearing thing about the whole Cowboy franchise. It's the one thing they do right."

"We'll just have to disagree on that point. But hey, I've always given your team credit for having the best fight song in the league... even though I hate hearing it," she grinned.

It was just more of the same for them; the shots and jokes about one another's favorite football team going back and forth. He often wondered how he could fall head over heels for a woman that happened to be a Cowboys fan. It was just one of many ways they were completely opposite; the biggest of which being their appearance.

Alphonso was big; 6'5", 260 pounds of solid muscle, big. He was also black, his dark-chocolate skin feeling as smooth as it looked. His wife was demure, her pale white complexion in complete contrast to his; her large breasts and shapely ass giving her curves in all the right places.

Living in the south, their interracial relationship was already viewed at as taboo from the start. Alphonso ignored the stares and comments, and he helped his wife do the same. He always joked that the real reason they had a mixed marriage had nothing to do with ethnicity; it was entirely about football.

They'd met as strangers in a crowded sports bar on a Sunday afternoon, each of them the loudest amongst two factions watching a rivalry game between Washington and Dallas. They were leading the way, representing their teams during a very close, lively game, and they fired comments at each other throughout. The more he egged her on, the more she came back at him. The longer the game went on, the more intense the banter became. Yet there were glimpses they flashed each other during their exchanges. He saw the passion and fire behind her sultry eyes. She saw the charisma and charm behind his perfect smile.

The game ended, Dallas winning on a field goal late in the contest. Martina didn't gloat, but she did have a wicked smile on her face as she stared at Alphonso. He picked up his work jacket off a stool, and she was quick to notice his name emblazoned on the patch. Flipping it over his shoulder, he offered her that charming smile, and a congratulatory handshake.

She shook his hand before picking up her purse, thanking him for being a gentleman in defeat. He chuckled as she brushed her massive chest against him as she moved past in her tight white nurse's uniform; her nametag in full view like it had been all game. She said something about it being crowded, and having no room to move, but he knew it was a ruse. Still, he made a point to watch her sexy ass sway as she headed for the door, accentuated by the heels she was wearing.

He arrived at his work van a few minutes later, having stopped to use the bathroom on the way out. Walking around the back, he was startled to find her there. She stood silent, her nostrils flaring as she looked at the mammoth man standing before her. He smiled again, making her melt.

"Can I help you, Martina?" he asked, not bothering to hide the fact that he knew her name.

"Is this your van, Alphonso?" she replied, knowing it was by the other patch on his coat, and the fact that he was standing in back of it with the keys in his hand.

"It belongs to my company."

"Your company. Like, you own it?"

He chuckled. "Is that so hard to believe?"

"Not really. Just curious... are you going to work?" she asked, seeing that he was wearing his work clothes.

"In my business, I'm always at work. I never know when I'm going to get a call."

"But, you aren't working right now, right?"

"No. I was about to head home. Why?"

She stood on her toes, trying to peer into the window of the back of the van, but it was too hard to see through the tinted glass. "So, are there a lot of tools in there?"

"A lot of tools? I don't understand? Do you need something?"

"You could say that," she shrugged, dropping back onto her heels before leering at him. "I need jumped."

"Oh. Okay. I've got jumper cables."

"Not the kind of tool I had in mind." Nodding toward the van again, another sly grin appeared. "I just wonder if there's enough room in there."

"Room? For what?"

"Me," she winked.

"Uh... what are you talking about?"

"I have two hours before I have to be at the hospital," she said as she slowly unzipped the front of her dress, lowering it all the way until it was open. She stood stoically in front of him, letting him leer at her sexy body. She had on white stockings and a matching garter... and nothing else underneath. "It's going to be a long shift, and I need to work some stress off from that game. So, is there room in there for me, or not?"

He was suddenly thrilled that he'd had the foresight to back into a space next to the far edge of the parking lot. Calmly putting the key into the lock, he opened the back door, showing there was plenty of room for the both of them. She was amazed at how well organized everything was, saying as much as she held out her hand for him to help her inside.

She lay on her back on the padded surface, which pleasantly surprised her. It also had her wondering.

"Fuck a lot of women in the back of your van, I take it?"

"What makes you say that?"

"The floor is softer than I would have expected."

"I had this back part specially treated with a foam liner. Sometimes I have work on the units in here. I put them on the middle section with the reinforced steel plate. I spend a lot of time on my knees and sides working on them."

She smirked sexily. "Lucky you. I'm about to do the same thing."

Slipping off her dress, she spread her legs, waiting for him as he closed the door behind them. Turning, he nearly fainted from the intoxicating stare she was giving him. Still, he wondered.

"Why are you doing this, Martina?"

"Two reasons. One, I love a man that can handle losing with grace, like you did. I think you should be rewarded for that. Two, I find you incredibly sexy, and I'm very, very horny. I think I should be rewarded for that. As William Marcy said, 'To the victor belongs the spoils.' Now, are you going to fuck me, or should I just get myself off?"

"Hmm... quoting early 19th century American politicians. I'm impressed."

"You got that reference? I think you just made me hornier."

"'A peace is of the nature of a conquest; for then both parties nobly are subdued, and neither party loser.' William Shakespeare," he winked. "Now, let's see what I can do to remedy that horniness problem you're experiencing."

"Damn... sexy and intelligent. I have to admit, the quickest way into my panties is through cerebral stimulation. Timothy Leary once said, 'Intelligence is the ultimate aphrodisiac'."

"True. But it was Bob Nelson who said, 'A mind is a terrible thing... and it must be stopped in our lifetime, before it kills somebody'."

"Bob... who?"

"Nelson. Comedian. It's from..."

"Oh my God! That college football routine! I've seen that! I'll admit I laughed my ass off, but I have to be honest, it comes off to me a bit stereotypical and borderline racist."

"It's absolutely stereotypical, and it's definitely racist. It's also humor, which is completely subjective. I'm anything but politically correct. I'm a black man, living in the south. You have to find humor in the world. Otherwise, why get out of the bed in the morning. 'There's a humorous side to every situation. The challenge is to find them'. George Carlin."

"Seems like you're making a point."

"The fact is that my skin is black. It's also thick, mainly because I don't take insults... or myself too seriously. I've lived here all my life. I know how the people are. And yet here you are, a sexy white goddess, tempting me with her womanly charms. Surely you know most if not all of your friends would disapprove of this."

"I don't know. I guess. Maybe. I was just pointing out the basis of the comedy routine. Hilarious, but certainly offensive to the narrow-minded. I'm definitely not PC, which is why I found it funny. Then again, I'm also a nurse. There is no race in the emergency room. Or religion... or any other checkbox on a piece of paper that seems to divide us as a society. There's just people who need help. 'With tragedy comes clarity. With clarity comes character'. Martina Roland."

He smiled that she quoted herself. He loved her self-confidence. "Be that as it may, this is the life I live. 'Don't create your own prison by ignoring your reality. Only by recognizing it can you find your freedom'. Alphonso Sampson. I'm not trying to make you second guess this. I'm simply wondering if you understand what you're getting into by us being together."

"Jesus... look at you. Are you kidding me? You're fucking hot, incredibly smart and you're funny! You're my personal trifecta!"

"I should also remind you, I'm astute. For instance, regarding your earlier comment... you're not wearing panties, sweetness."

"The result result of living in an area where most of the men aren't smart enough to take them off me if I showed them how."

"Seems a bit harsh. Like I said, I'm from around here."

"You're also a Redskins fan."

"Could it be you're just incredibly jaded by your allegiance to your beloved Cowboys?"

"Perhaps," she teased. 

"Interesting. Here I am overlooking your silly choice for a football franchise to follow. Instead I see is a passionate, sexy woman full of surprises. I'm about to fuck you in spite of you rooting for Dallas."

"Well what are you waiting for? I'm already naked in the back of your van with my legs spread. No need to sweet talk me into the idea. My mind was made up the moment you congratulated me in the bar. Now I'm only more sure this is the right decision. Fuck me, already!"

Instead, Alphonso took his time. He started by nibbling between her toned, milky thighs. He avoided her dripping hole, concentrating on the general area of her crotch; licking and sucking at the insides of her pelvis. She began moaning, trying to shift her hips to make him focus his attentions where she desperately needed them. He rose up, placing his huge palm flat against the base of her sternum, just below and between her heaving breasts.

"Patience, sweetness."

Please, Alphonso," she begged.

"Al," he quietly replied. Still, his deep voice resonated throughout the small confines, making her heart pound harder.

His calm unnerved her, and she became confused. Part of that was the desire she had for him. Yet she was thrown off by what he'd just said.

"Excuse me?"

"My friends all call me Al."

"You think we're going to become friends after this? Like I said, you're a Redskins fan."

"I think that's what's going to make this so incredible. I'm about to take my anger for losing today out on this sweet pussy of yours."

She peered into his dark brown eyes. She saw the fire and passion behind them. She was certain she saw the reflection of her own eyes in them. It became unclear which of them was more turned on. No matter, she wanted to maintain the upper hand she felt she had.

Waving him on with her fingers, she beckoned him forward. "No more foreplay. Bring it on. I've got to be at work soon."

He undressed, taking off his jacket and shirt. She cooed when she saw him shirtless, his chest and arm appearing to be sculpted. When he removed his pants and boxers, she gasped when she got her first glimpse of his massive cock.

"I've changed my mind! I'm going to definitely need to feel that monster in my mouth," she hissed.

He rubbed the head through the folds of her wetness, splitting her. Rolling his hips, he sank his length into her with one long stroke. When he reached bottom, he leaned forward and kissed her deeply.

"Next time, sweetness. I'm about to fuck you six ways to next Sunday."

"There's going to be a next time?" she whispered, batting her long lashes innocently. It was as if his size pushed the air from her lungs, rendering her breathless.

"I think we both know the answer to that, don't we."

"Yeessss!" she cried as he began pounding her relentlessly.

Martina lost all track of time. Instead of minutes, it was being measured by her climaxes. He had her cumming almost instantly, which she'd never experienced before. It always seemed to her a long time to orgasm, but Alphonso seemed to have a power over her. She stopped bothering to count them after her fourth. He seemed so far from achieving his it was proving a futile endeavor. And pointless. She felt like she was cumming constantly.

He finally came a half-hour later, but he never stopped fucking her. He simply flipped her over into a doggy position and kept fucking. She kept cumming on his incredible shaft.

He finally came again, and he pulled out. She slumped forward, breathing heavily. When she finally calmed, she asked what time it was.

"Quarter to six."

"I'm going to be late."

"I'm sorry sweetness."

"Don't you dare apologize for that. I just want to know... are you taking me to your place, or do you want to come to mine?"

"What?"

"I can't work a twelve hour shift after that. I'm calling in a personal day."

"Are you sure?"

"Oh yeah. You said I couldn't suck your cock until the next time we got together. I'm thinking that starts whenever you take me where you're going to take me. Your place or mine?"

That was the beginning of a torrid romance; one that turned into a solid relationship, and he knew a big part of it was the playful needling they shared over the rivalry. He loved the fact that she gave as much as she took, yet never going so far as to take or make anything personal. It was her ability to have fun with it he found attractive.

He thought about what she'd on the way to the party, commenting on the iconic Washington fight song, Hail to the Redskins, played after every score.

"Well, since you heard the fight song so much last year, I suppose it's only fair that I support you this year."

"You're just saying that so you'll get laid after the game," she teased, her hand running along his thigh, feeling his hard cock resting against it through his pants.

"Damn straight!" he nodded.

"That's good, because after tonight, I'm really going to need it."

"Maybe I should have just brought the van," he quipped.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~

"Sorry we're late ya'll. I had an emergency at work," Alphonso said sheepishly, shedding his coat as he and Martina walked into living room of Carol's huge, tasteful home. Martina was still in her full-length one, holding onto the handles of the bag in front of her.

"An emergency?" Carol asked.

"Yeah... a heater went out at a sports bar in town. I had to go in and fix it. Apparently, there's some big game on tonight," he laughed.

"Was it the bar where you met?" Carol asked, knowing the back story.

Alphonso laughed and said, "Yeah. That's the one."

"Well, at least you made it."

"Thank God," Martina sighed. "I was about to drive here myself."

"I told you we'd be here on time, sweetness."

"We're fifteen minutes late, Al."

Barry shook his head, and said, "It's no big deal, Martina. You're here now, and that's all that matters. Let me take your coat."

"Actually, I'm a little cold right now. Let's have the meeting so I won't feel like we're making everybody stand around even longer."

Carol gathered everyone around in a big circle and laughed when she saw how people lined up on their own. "My, aren't we a domesticated group. It's like we're at some swinger party, ready to swap partners," she laughed as she pointed out how each couple was with their mate, the women all standing in front of their man.

"WHAT?" Kelly snapped, looking around the circle.

"Relax, Kel. I was just making an observation about how every woman is standing in front of her man. It's cute. But we're not swapping. And that you'd even think I was serious is why we have this meeting every year. It's always good to go over the rules again, so there's no hurt feelings, and no surprises. Well... I'm sure there'll be surprises. But I want to make sure we know where were heading. The last thing I want is to have a couple go home and have a fight because of something that happens tonight. This party is about having some adult fun, but the only way that works is by making sure we're all on the same page."

She looked at Barry, who took over for a moment. "I think it's safe to say that the group has changed since last year. While it's the same people, a lot of us have become... what's the word I'm looking for?"

"Sluts?" Beth said out loud, making everyone laugh.

"Well you have. But that's kind of my point. Some of us have expanded our sights when it comes to sex and our relationships. And that could prove to be a problem if one couple is at a certain place when another one isn't."

"What exactly are you talking about?" Claire asked.

Beth spoke up, saying, "I think he's referring to me and Tyler."

"I'm not singling anyone out, Beth."

"I know, but I don't mind. You can feel free to use me as an example."

"Yeah... I'm not comfortable talking about that."

"Would you rather talk about me being bisexual?" Ann smiled impishly, knowing she had him on the spot from the way he was beginning to blush. "I can talk about my Cleopatra day."

"Uh... no, I think everyone discovered you like women last year. And Beth, it's not like I want to out you or anything."

"Fine. I'll do it myself," she grinned. "Tyler and I started swinging this year, and it's something we both enjoy as a couple. But... what Barry is saying, if I'm hearing him right, is that just because that's what we like, that doesn't mean that's what we want to happen here."
