 I am a night-shift systems administrator for a large company in town. I just can't believe I let them rope me into this. I had a wonderful day job and I let them talk me into this. Ain't that just wonderful. 

Anyway, I was sitting in my office alone. I was a little irritated and a LOT bored, so I fired up my IRC client and went surfing for some cyber. Hell, I have the whole 2 story, 8,000 square foot building to myself...why not? So, I'm surfing through IRC looking for a likely candidate when I heard footsteps coming up the stairs. I shut down the IRC program and just as I stuck my head out the door, Anna got to the top of the stairs.

"Hi, Anna" I said. "What are you doing here? It's..." I looked at my watch, "11:30."

"Yeah, but tomorrow is my last day. I forgot a few things in my desk. I also knew that you would miss me. So I want to give you something that I KNOW you won't ever forget."

I gulped at the possibilities. Anna is a 36-year-old divorcee with brown hair past her shoulders, absolutely GORGEOUS brown eyes. I've wanted her since she started work here. Tonight, she was wearing a light sun dress (it had been an oddly sunny day) and some white spike heels. Those heels were showing off her impressive legs. Don't even get me started on her tan. Needless to say, at this point I had a raging hard-on. Most men would be somewhat embarrassed about that. However, my normal mode of dress spares me that discomfort. I usually wear plain Levi's jeans and a T-shirt.

Hiding my hopes, I thought "dear god, PLEASE let it be what I think it is!"

At the same time, I was saying "Oh, that's cool. You didn't have to get me anything."

"It isn't something I got for you. Its something I always had," she said with a smile.

She slowly reached up and slid the shoulder straps for her dress off of her shoulders. The light dress fluttered to the ground around her, revealing her gorgeous body. She was a tennis player, so she had excellent muscle tone everywhere. And one other thing...NO TAN LINE!

When I started stammering like an idiot, she stepped toward me, pulled me in close and whispered in my ear.

"All you ever had to do was ask."

Suddenly, her hand was on my zipper. She fondled my cock for a few seconds before unbuttoning and unzipping my pants. I kicked off my shoes, then stepped out of my pants. She got on her knees and slipped my underwear off. 

Gently, she took my swollen member into her mouth while she carefully cupped my swelling balls in her hands. Ever so slowly, she took more and more of me into her mouth. Her tongue licked every square millimeter of my shaft. Suddenly, I felt my dick hit the back of her throat. She looked somewhat disappointed when she saw that there were still 2 inches to go. She paused for a moment, then backed off of my staff. She stood up and said "You taste so good. But I need more. Come on!"

She led me to the empty office across the hall. It used to be the MIS manager's office, so it had the big desk and the big windows. She laid on her back on the desk, allowing her head to hang over the edge. She then pulled me closer, guiding my cock into her mouth. Slowly, I pushed further and further in until, once again, I felt the back of her throat. She just reached up, grabbed my ass and pulled me in the rest of the way so that my nuts were bouncing off her nose. Then, when I thought she couldn't possibly take any more, she opened her mouth even wider and took my balls, also. I thought I was in heaven until something even better happened. She started swallowing. The muscles in her throat massaged my prick like a well practiced set of hands. 

"Oh God...I'm cumming! I'm gonna cum," I panted.

I shot my load right down her throat. Load after load of my spunk flowed down into her stomach. I came so hard that, for a moment, I thought I would pass out.

I pulled my dick out of her mouth and sat down in the nearest chair before I fell over. She sat up and looked at me with a small pout. "You aren't through are you?" She asked.

I smiled at her and said "Not if you arent!"

"Good. I've got plenty of time."

With that, she hopped up off of the desk and began to massage my dick back to life. In no time at all, the sergeant was standing at full attention.

I stood up and gently pushed her backwards on to the desk. She sat down, then I gently laid her down. I got down on my knees and put her legs over my shoulders. I have GOT to say...at that moment, I was face to face with the most perfect, shaved pussy it has EVER been my honor to eat. I started slowly, just licking at her soft mound. Then I started to build momentum. I started licking harder and faster. When she started moaning, I pressed my tongue into her slit, grabbed her clitoris with it, and started sucking on it like a milk shake from a truck stop (for those of you who know what I mean). She started bucking, humping her hips up into my face. Then, with no warning at all, I stopped. She sighed at first, expecting me to continue shortly When I didn't, she started getting mad.

"Dammit! Finish what you started! I need to cum!! PLEASE!"

I just sat there for a few moments until she calmed down, before I started all over again. This time, however, the progression was MUCH faster. As she approached orgasm this time, I took her right to the edge and stopped again. Now she's just downright pissed.

"GOD DAMMIT, you BASTARD! FINISH..."

She started to cuss me, but just as she did, I stood up, took careful aim, and rammed my prick all the way into her up to my balls in one long, powerful stroke.

UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUuuuuhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!" she screamed as she let go of her first orgasm for the night. "Oh GOD! YES! Fuck me! PLEASE fuck me", she begged.

I backed up so that only the extreme tip of my cock stayed in her. She wiggled her ass around, trying to find more cock. I rammed all the way into her once more before settling into a comfortable orgasm generating pace. Soon, she was matching me, stroke for stroke. Then she did something that no woman had EVER done to me before. She started flexing the walls of her pussy, milking my cock for its load of cum. Soon, I felt my balls swell up, and I knew that there was no way I could hold on much longer.

"I'm...(huff)...gonna cum! (puff)..OH GOD!"

"YES! Do it in me! Shoot your load in my pussy. Make it yours! Come on! Give it to me!"

Hearing her talking like that sent me right over the edge. I shot my load deep into her. It was so intense that my knees almost buckled. As I sent stream after stream of hot cum splashing into her pussy, she started her second orgasm. 

After we both took a few minutes to rest up, we got started again. Over the course of the following 6 hours, we made up for a couple of years working together. There are 200 cubicles in this building, and we did something lewd, disgusting and, most importantly, FUN in each and every one of them. Oddly enough, my boss never did say anything about the cum stains we left on his desk.

We still get together every now and then, although neither of us works for that company any more.