 Cairo slammed on his breaks, the tires of his car screeching in protest. Spinning the wheel to the right, Cai rolled his window down and pulled up next to the car he almost hit. A woman jabbering on her cell phone looked over at him and even began to smile. 

"Get off your fucking cell phone cunt!" Cairo yelled, the woman's slight smile morphing into a snarl that did nothing to help the condition of her face. Cai shook his head in disgust and took a right onto Carry Street hoping to avoid some of the traffic.

Rush hour on the busiest road in Richmond and the city finally decided to fix its pothole problem, so the road work worsened the congestion. It was a frustrating end to an especially frustrating day. 

"I'm the kinda guy that you ain't ever seen before, if you wanna hit the floor are you ready for more? I'm the kinda of guy that it ain't easy to forget, girl I'm gonna make you sweat. Are you ready? Are you ready for more?" his phone rang loudly in the passenger seat. Cai reached over and groaned as he read Anna's name.

Answering the phone—with more than a little reluctance—Cai flicked on his turn signal and moved smoothly into the right lane. "What the fuck do you want Anna? Correct me if I'm wrong but when you break up with someone, don't you stop talking to them? Or is that not good enough for you? You just have to bug me day in and day out with your inane shit?"

"Fuck you, Cai." Anna's sweet digitized voice struck a note right between Hunger and Thirst, and that devil of a note was called Lust. If Anna was good for anything, it was igniting flames. Not in the way one might light a match but in the way one blows a nuclear plant to high hell in a video game. "I just need to pick up some stuff I left over at your place."

"Jesus does it honestly need to take you three months to move out?"

The only response Anna gave Cai was the dial tone. She hung up on him. Not only was she good at getting him horny she was even better at pissing him off.

"My day just can't get any wors—" Cai's world cut to black as the sounds of fiberglass car body crashing into fiberglass body sang him to sleep.

"Thank you officer, you have a good day." Cairo said trying to keep the overwhelming dismay from seeping into his voice.

Ever since the drunken night he spent at his boss's place, she had been riding him harder than ever—and not in the good way. He had three midterms coming up, none of which he was prepared for. His break up with Anna threw his life in a circle, mostly because she was in and out of his life every five minutes like a fucking television commercial. And now, now his car was totaled.

Cai all but threw himself down on the curb; resting his forehead in the palm of his hand he took a handful of deep calming breaths. He needed a shrink, or he thought he needed one, someone to talk to without risking the ruination of another personal tie in his life.

"God, listen to me, I'm fucking pathetic." Cai laughed at himself, took another deep breath and called his roommate, Jo.

The phone rang for too long. She wasn't going to answer her phone. "Hi this is Jo, leave your—"

"Damn it," he swore, thinking about who he might call. 

"Fuck me."

He flicked through the phonebook, leaving the selector on Anna's name. He sighed, closed his eyes and mashed the call button. Fuck me, he thought again as the phone began to ring.

"What is it Cai?"

"I need a ride," said Cai, biting back the sense of dread rolling in on him, a sense that oddly seemed to overpower his physical injuries.

"Why can't you just drive home?"

"Car accident. Look I don't want to explain, can you pick me up?"

A long pause before she spoke again. "Where are you?" 

The change in her tone struck another note somewhere deep in Cai's emotional maelstrom, but he didn't want to think about that so he pushed those thoughts away.

"East Carry and 5th, thanks." He hung up before she could reply.

During the handful of minutes it took for Anna's sleek black BMW to pull up next to him Cai composed himself, trying his best to squelch the fires Anna started and to look at her as a bag of meat, a horrible, disgusting, heart breaking bag of meat.

The car's window slowly rolled down, revealing the tanned beauty behind its wheel. Her long dark hair fit her face perfectly, accentuating every angle of it. Her smile was snide, even arrogant. Her eyes sparkled like two black pearls. 

The infamous Anna.

"You look like shit," her lips parted in a bemused sort of smile.

Cai stood up dusted himself off and returned her obviously superior smile with a crookedly handsome one of his own. He was a handsome man to say the least. His jaw line was strong—a point of pride. His full lips, held their smile as he watched her appraise him. Standing at over six feet, he was tall with wide shoulders and a muscular build. The faint lines of his well-muscled chest were highlighted by the wind blowing his shirt against his frame. Even the scrapes on his cheek and forehead could not detract from his overall appearance.

Cai looked good, and he knew he looked good. He knew Anna thought he looked good, and at that he smiled all the wider, a glint of mischievousness finding its way into his pale green eyes.

"I was just in a fucking car accident," he said, his smile not fading. He opened the door and climbed into the car.

Anna rolled her eyes and slammed her foot on the gas, speeding away, apparently oblivious to the cops still at the scene of the accident. Cai looked over his shoulder to see his car being pulled onto the back of an old tow truck. 

The ride to Cai's house was awkwardly silent; neither of them seemed to take care to break the silence either. Cai was too busy ignoring the pain creeping up his thigh.

"Fuck," he said finally, more to himself than to Anna.

"You'll be fine," Anna said offhandedly as she pulled into a parking spot in front of Cairo's house. It was the typical two-story affair found in this area of Richmond. A tiny yard, divided by a walkway leading to the porch stairs, and a balcony held up by a handful of columns with four mismatching plastic chairs, two placed on either side of the door.

Anna and Cai got out of the car. Cai was limping now, but he ignored the pain and moved on. Anna quickly passed him. She was wearing a black strapless dress that seemed to shine a dark purple when the light hit her swaying hips. She was petite girl, long shapely legs attached to a cute and round ass. Cai could make out the faint curves of it as she climbed the stairs. It wasn't just Anna's looks, it was her haughty personality, the way she moved, the way she spoke and that awful little smile that would leave any man a puddle at her feet, which she'd neatly walk around just so they couldn't catch a peek at what color panties she was wearing that evening.

Red if I know her, Cai thought to himself as he pushed his key into the lock, turned and then shouldered the door open roughly. The pain in his thigh flared up as he did this so he closed his eyes and muscled passed it.

Cai stepped into the door and immediately unbuttoned and unzipped his jeans, letting them fall to his ankles. He worked his left shoe off with the toe of his right foot and then doing the same to his left, he stepped out of the mess and moved toward the kitchen now wearing a pair of black gym shorts, his shirt and a pair of mismatching socks.

Anna shook her head and smiled to herself as she climbed the steep, carpeted stairs to the second floor and to Cai's room.

Cairo poured Virginian Gentleman Whiskey into a glass with three pieces of ice in it. He took a long sip at the amber liquor and shuddered in satisfaction as he felt the alcohol begin its lovely magic.

"You fucking done yet?" Cai called up as he climbed the stairs, alternating each step with a sip from his glass.

"You're always rushing Cai," Anna called back. "It's probably why you got in that accident; you just can't be bothered with patience can you?"

Cai stepped into his room and said, "Fuck your patience Anna and fuck you! I'm always in a rush to get you out of here because you fuck shit up."

Anna took a step back and glared at him, hate starting to well up in the form of tears and fire.

"Every time I think I've cleaned up your tracks, here you are again tracing mud all around my fucking house. I don't even know why I bother to pick up after you've left, you'll just be back again."

"Fuck you Cai!" Anna practically screamed as she slapped him, hard.

Cai took the slap and glared at her, anger overwhelming all of his remaining senses. He threw the glass of whiskey across the room where it smashed against the wall, took the slip of a woman by the throat and spun with intent to slam her against the door. But the door was still open, so he instead lost balance and they both fell in a heap, Cai on top of Anna.

Anna slapped him twice, harder than before. Her hand marks were red on his face and already beginning to form welts. Before Cai could retaliate with more violence, Anna continued her onslaught, the feel of her plump lips on his own caught his sensibilities off guard, but his body reacted by biting her bottom lip and pulling back roughly. She hit him again, softer.

Cai's hand roamed down her back, the fingers brushing the exposed spine, where the back of her dress split, until they reached fabric. Without a moment's hesitation, he let his two fingers form a hook and he pulled down hard, tearing the rich fabric. The sound forced Anna's eyes open wide, but she was too engaged in their current kiss to give protest. Instead her hands snaked their way under his shirt and she sunk her nails deep into Cai's back. He pulled away from her as goose bumps rose all up and down his back and arms.

With his right hand Cai grabbed the fabric at her firm, well-toned stomach and pulled the torn dress away. This revealed her small breasts, with their perfectly circular nipples standing on end, and bright red, and lace boy shorts. He laughed.

"What?" she glared at him, thinking he laughed at her.

"Nothing."

He kissed her forcefully, one hand going to her throat so she couldn't pull away from the roughly passionate embrace. With his free hand he quickly worked his gym shorts and boxers off, revealing his hard cock. Anna, with an instinct beyond Cai's understanding, wrapped her hand around the girth of his penis the moment it was free from the confines of Cai's boxer-briefs. She worked the shaft of his cock in the twirling motion she was obviously well accustomed to, her pinky finger rubbing the head roughly. 

Cai ignored the sensation her warm hand gave Ajax—his penis—and pushed away the thought of the ferocity with which Anna kissed him, the way her breathing had become husky and how goose bumps rose at the slightest touch from his hand. He instead thought of the way her perfume mingled with her musk, attempting to ignore the way she urged him towards her, he summoned the nutritional facts of his favorite brand of cranberry juice to the forefront of his mind.

Cai's free hand ran down her stomach to the top of her panties, where it paused as if in contemplation before continuing downward. He ran two fingers along where he knew the slit of her vagina to be. He felt its wetness through her panties and smiled against her lips.

"Mmm," he hummed playfully.

His fingers found the edge of her panties and ripped them to the side, exposing her vagina to the air. There was no hesitation as he pressed his thumb to her clit and began to rotate it in a tantalizingly slow motion, pulling away from the kiss to watch her reaction to his touch. His crooked smile appeared again as she squirmed and the twirling motion of her hand stopped at the base of his cock as she pulled him down toward her.

"Fuck me already!" she cried in frustration and punctuated it with another slap across his face.

"Filthy fucking cunt," Cai swore.

Angry, Cai grabbed her by the hips and turned her over roughly. With one hand grabbing a handful of hair and wrapping it around once, he yanked on it hard before using his grip to force her face down into the carpet. His other hand rang against her ass, skin against skin; his hand tingled afterwards. Anna moaned and arched her back, presenting her ass and pussy to him. Without further delay, Cai took his shaft in hand, rubbed Ajax's head up and down her slit once, twice and slammed it home, eliciting a scream from Anna.

Cai spanked her ass once more, watching it jiggle and then smiled to himself as he noticed how red her cheeks had become. Her pussy was as tight as ever. That combined with the wet smacks of their colliding bodies almost overwhelmed him but he shook it away. Taking grip on her hips he pulled her into his thrusts, each time harder than the last. 

His breath came harder and sweat began to form at his brow. He licked his lips and smiled as he watched the length of his penis disappear into her tight wetness, while her moaning and screaming encouraged him to push faster.

Cai grabbed another handful of hair and pulled her up and against him, his teeth finding purchase in her neck, his hands wrapping around to grope at her breasts and pinch her nipples between the middle knuckles of his fore and middle fingers. Anna pushed herself into him as he pushed himself into her. The position put newfound pressure on his cock and he was forced to bite a little harder or lose himself, which he wasn't ready for just yet.

Anna pushed all her weight into Cairo, sending him on his ass, head smacking against the door and slamming it shut. He groaned as his vision reeled. Anna, heedless to his pain began to rock her hips back and forth working them in a figure eight motion from time to time, her moans louder now.

Cai knew Anna was nearing climax from the way she grinded against him harder. Her next moan came out as a gasp and a shudder and her rocking began to slow. If he could see her face, he knew that her eyes would be rolled in the back of her head. With a laugh Cai brought her around, careful not to stop her orgasm, pushed her on her back and pumped himself in and out of her, hard.

Anna's moaning became hoarse cries, and she began to buck against him, one orgasm turning into another and that turning into yet another. The way the sweat made her hair cling to her and her deep, almost desperate gasps for air brought on the tell tale tingle, but instead of pushing it away, he encouraged it by slamming himself into her again and again.

"Oh shit," Cai repeated with each thrust.

Anna dodged his next stab, pushed him back and grasped his cock's shaft in both hands. She stroked it as she took the head in her mouth, her tongue working the hole, begging him to release. And he did, the orgasm seemed to expel every remnant of energy left in his body.

"There," Anna said after swallowing his cum.

"Yes, now get the fuck out of my house," Cai growled and somehow managed to find his feet.

He fumbled with the door handle for a moment and staggered to his bed, falling into it heavily.

"You're just going to kick me out after you tore my dress up and fucked me like that?"

"Yes," Cai said coldly. 

"But my dress is torn!"

"So wrap yourself in a towel. I honestly don't give a fuck how you look when you leave, just fucking get!" 

Anna opened her mouth as if to speak, but summarily shut it, knowing she'd get nothing more out of him.

Cairo buried his head beneath his pillows and found the blackness waiting for him. A handful of moments later he heard the satisfying sound of the front door being slammed shut, but he knew that the faulty door missed its catch and remained open just a crack. Without pausing to consider the deeper implications of that he drifted off into a deep, dreamless sleep.