 Part 2: Compensation

It had been three weeks since my boyfriend Nathan had walked in on my best friend Lacey and me having sex in the girl's locker room. He had walked right in when Lacey was eating me out, and then Lacey forced him to have sex with her with I ate her out. It was so humiliating, even if it made me hornier than I'd ever felt in my life. 

Nathan made me promise never to let Lacey touch me again, and I readily agreed. Nathan is my one true love, and I would never let something as trivial as sex come between us. I pledged to him that I would remain faithful forever, and immediately cease my almost-daily transgressions with my best friend. It wasn't ea to promise him this, since Lacey and I had been lovers since middle school.

It turns out, though, that the promising was the easy part. Two weeks after our threesome in the showers, and the night before the first day of our senior year of high school, I went over to Lacey's house to watch movies and kill some time while Nathan was at work. Lacey had already accepted the fact (or so I thought) that me and her could only be friends, and we had managed to hang out together several times without getting naked or touching each other anywhere we weren't supposed to. It had been nice, hanging out with her just as friends again, but my lust for her tanned perfect body nearly drove me insane. I felt itchy all over every time I looked at her, and my pussy constantly stayed wet in anticipation the whole time we were together.

Well that night we were laying on the bed in our tight jeans and t-shirts, when Lacey's leg happened to brush against mine. I didn't think anything of it, but then we were playing footsie, and the next thing I knew, she was rolling me over and climbing on top of me. She quickly began to squeeze my firm breasts through my thin shirt, then bent down and thrust her tongue into my waiting eager mouth.

"Stop," I pleaded. "I don't want to ruin things with Nathan.

But before I knew it, she was tearing off my jeans and furiously rubbing my cunt through my thin pink panties. I begged her to slow down, all the while bucking my hips under the unbearable pressure of her slim prodding fingers. Then she reached down under the bed with her other hand, and pulled out her favorite dildo: a black bumpy rubber shaft that she had fucked me with many times before.

"Don't worry, Anna. This'll only take a minute," she said, grinning savagely.

Then she pulled my panties down to my knees and started fucking my tight little cunt with that huge dildo. It didn't take me long to explode into a searing shrieking orgasm, and I squirted my juices all over Lacey's bedspread while my legs flailed around under Lacey's strong grip. I went home shortly after that, too ashamed to meet Lacey's taunting brown eyes.

Well, a week later, Lacey invited me over to her house again to spend the night, and I couldn't refuse. I figured that I had already violated my trust with Nathan, so one more little fling couldn't make things any worse. The plan was to slowly reduce my erotic activities with Lacey to maybe once a week, then hopefully in time, to none at all. I reasoned that such a strong sexual bond couldn't be severed all at once, but had to slowly be worked apart.

Nathan didn't mind letting me go to Lacey's, because he still believed that I would be faithful to him. I was so ashamed that he still trusted me, even though I was a terrible treacherous girlfriend, and had betrayed him nearly at the first opportunity to let me best friend back into my panties. 

I showed up a Lacey's house at eight o'clock that night in my pajamas. I didn't really need anything else, since Lacey and I always shared the same bed. My PJs were very cute: an outfit that Nathan had bought for me last Christmas. They consisted of red plaid pajama bottoms that fit snugly at my butt and helped show off my nice ass, a pair of pink boyshort panties with hearts, and a matching pink heart bra. I had a thin white t-shirt over the top, but it was kind of sheer and you could easily see the bra through it.

Lacey greeted me at the door, looking amazing in a pair of cut-off gym shorts. They were so short, that I could see the edges of her black panties underneath. On top, she only wore a thin t-shirt, and I could tell by her poking-out nipples that she didn't have a bra on. Just from looking at her, I started to get wet between my legs, and I wanted to leap forward into her strong slender arms.

"Anna, I'm so glad you made it!" Lacey exclaimed, leaning forward and giving me a hard open-mouthed kiss. "Quick, let's go upstairs to my room. I've got a surprise for you!"

Before I could apologize for storming out last time, she was pulling me by the hand upstairs. My whole body was tingling now, getting ready to surrender to Lacey's bold advances. I wanted her to take me like she'd done so many times before, pleasuring me like no one else could and taking her brutal satisfaction from me any way she desired. Once in her room, I stopped all of a sudden, shocked by the sight of her boyfriend Craig sitting on the bed.

"What's he doing here?" I asked nervously, already panting a little in anticipation.

"Um, he's my boyfriend, Anna. We hang out all the time."

"Yeah, but I thought tonight was—just us."

Lacey smiled wickedly. "Oh, you wanted me all to yourself, did you?"

"No, it's not that—"

Craig stood up from the bed, looking me over with a creepy expression. "Wow, your friend is really hot, Lacey. You sure she's 18? She looks like she's still a freshman."

"See the thing is, Anna... you owe me."

"What?!"

"Yeah. You see, I let your boyfriend fuck me, so now you've got to pay up."

Craig had walked around behind me now, and I felt one of his rough hands on my tight little ass.

"What? This isn't the same! You've only been dating Craig for like a month. Nathan is my soul mate!"

Lacey put a finger to my lips. "Don't argue, Anna Banana. I let your boyfriend fuck me, so now you've got to help settle the score. Craig here gets to have his way with you while I watch. It's only fair to him. And maybe I'll help him out, you know?" 

I blushed and moaned in despair. I didn't know what to do. Craig was now standing right behind me, and he reached around and grabbed my tits in those rough meaty hands of his. I could feel his hard cock pushing against my ass as he felt me up.

"Please don't do this Lacey..."

She ignored me. "What do you want to do to her first, Craig? Her cunt is really tight, but that smart mouth of hers is nice too."

He chuckled.

"Craig can't seem to make up his mind, dear," Lacey said to me. "Why don't you give him a taste of your oral skills first."

Craig moved away and sat down on the bed, eying me lasciviously. I couldn't resist Lacey's commands—I never have been able to—so I sullenly walked over to him, unable to look him in the eyes.

"Go ahead, girl. Get started. I wanna feel those pretty little lips of yours," he grunted.

I kneeled down before him and started unzippingg his jeans. Lacey moved up on the bed next to him and started kissing him roughly, pushing her tongue deep into his mouth. She looked amazing in those short shorts and that tight top, and all I wanted to do was spread her out on the bed and push my head between her beautiful tan thighs. I couldn't believe she had let a beast like Craig have his way with her marvelous body—and to make matters worse, now she was letting that loser get off inside my pert little mouth as well.

"This is gonna feel so good, Craig. She's a real pro," Lacey said, bending in to bite her boyfriend's neck. She drew back with a shriek suddenly when he reached a hand between her firm thighs and nuzzled her cunt through her shorts.

"It better feel good. She owes me."

I pulled Craig's pants off, then his boxer shorts. I gasped as his massive eight inch cock sprung into the air.

"Do I really have to?" I asked desperately.

But instead of answering, Craig pushed my head down onto his waiting cock. I had no choice but to open my lips and start taking it inch by inch into my tiny mouth. It was massive, and I nearly choked several times. It didn't help that he kept pushing my face down into his hairy crotch and thrusting his hips up, so that the head of his cock kept hitting me on the roof of my mouth. But slowly I started to get into it, working my wet lips up and down the massive shaft, making him grunt and groan in pleasure. He seemed to especially like it when my pouty lower lip brushed against his hairy ball sack and his entire cock was lodged in my mouth, the bulbous head nearly making me gag as it pushed against the back of my throat.

Hearing Lacey's satisfied moans somewhere above me as Craig stroked her, I started to feel wet and sticky between my pajama-clad legs. But all my attention was focused on the huge cock invading my mouth, and I couldn't appreciate the beauty of my lover as he pleasured her. All of a sudden, Craig's cock started spasming in mouth, and I tried to draw away, but he slammed my head down harder, forcing me to gag on the hot juicy spurts of cum. I could feel them dripping down my throat and foaming at the edges of my mouth. Lacey and Craig were both laughing at me as I pulled my head up to the light, and frantically tried to wipe off my cum-smeared lips.

"It's like she's never deep throated a guy before."

"Yeah, she was practically a virgin when I fucked her for the first time in middle school," Lacey said. "She's only been with like three guys in her life."

I climbed up onto the bed next to them, trying to hold back my tears of shame.

"Oh don't be sad, Anna," Lacey said, rubbing my back to console me. "It wasn't so bad was it? Craig's not such a bad guy."

I didn't answer, though. I just rested my head on her shoulder and tried not to cry. After so much excitement, we were all pretty tired. So we laid down in Lacey's bed and fell asleep. I was sandwiched between the two of them, and Craig insisted on spooning me, thrusting his crotch into my ass throughout the night.

After we had been asleep for several hours, I was suddenly awoken by Craig's hands groping my firm breasts. His rough fingers pinched at my tender nipples, making them erect in the cold night air, and I could feel his cock, now hard again, pressed against my ass. I opened my eyes and saw Lacey watching me coyly.

"I think he's ready for more," she whispered.

"No, please," I pleaded. But that only seemed to excite the both of them even more.

Craig pulled down my pajama pants with one hand and started fondling my ass. Then he moved on to my tight little cunt, roughly pawing it through my thin panties. I started to get flushed and excited despite myself and trembled a little bit under his rough touch.

"You see? She's starting to like you."

Lacey leaned forward and began kissing me and biting me hard on the neck while Craig pulled down my panties and pajama bottoms to my knees, exposing my tight little bare ass to him. Then he pressed that massive cock to my cheeks and began slowly grinding against me.

"Go ahead and spread your legs, honey. Let him in."

"I'm scared," I whimpered, but didn't resist as one of Craig's meaty hands lifted my thin shapely leg. That huge cock of his pushed forward, pulsing at the folds of my labia. He then began to push into me without any pretense, shoving the head of his cock into my parting lips and up into my nubile body.

"It's too big," I groaned. "I don't think I can take all of it."

But he didn't stop. With one hand, he kept groping my tight ass cheeks and the other fondling my prominent hip bone, all the while thrusting his hips into me, and pushing that wide rock hard cock inch by inch further up inside me. Then, when he was finally all the way in, and I could feel his hairy balls tickling both my excited clit and my puckered virgin asshole, he began to pump roughly in and out of me.

It hurt pretty bad, but also made me feel good in a dirty way. I was getting rammed by this guy I hardly knew while my best friend was groping my breasts and making out with me. I started to moan softly and grind my ass into his thrusting hips, and I was really feeling red in the face now.

Slowly, the pleasure became more than I could bear, I started moaning, "Oh yeah, fuck me Craig! Harder, please. Harder?"

Lacey moved out from beside me now, and Craig twisted my body around so that I was on my 

hands and knees and my ass was up in the air, never taking that massive cock out of my strained and dripping pussy. He then started ramming me harder so that the bed shook and creaked underneath us. I could hear his balls slapping wetly against my clit, and it sent little electric waves through my legs. I wondered if Lacey's parents could hear all the noise we were making.

Then Lacey stood up, stripped her short shorts off seductively, and threw her t-shirt over her head, baring her exquisitely tanned and beautiful body to the both of us. She sat down at the head of the bed and spread her legs before me, revealing her dripping wet pussy.

"Come on Anna, eat me out while Craig fucks you," she commanded, and I couldn't do anything but obey.

I stretched my tongue and lips forward and began to lick and suck the inside folds of her cunt up and down while Craig kept hammering away at my ass. Before I knew it, he was spurting his load up inside my tight wet pussy, and I was grinding up against it, quivering and shaking in orgasm and screaming out "Yes, fuck me!" until Lacey grabbed my head with both hands and shoved it deeper into her lap, forcing me to stick my hard tongue down into her juicy hole. The pressure of my tongue inside her and my wet little nose against her clit made her writhe suddenly in orgasm, and I felt her hot sticky juices splash all over my pretty pale face.

Then Craig pulled his satisfied cock out of me, and I collapsed to the bed, exhausted. I had no idea how I was going to face my boyfriend this time. I felt violated and used. But worst of all, I felt that I had been a willing participant, eager to cast away my bonds of loyalty for a quick fuck.

I tried to ignore all the conflicting sensations rushing through me, and laid my head back down in Lacey's sticky wet lap. She stroked my dark hair affectionately as I fell asleep once again between her beautiful thighs.

*

e-mail me with comments/suggestions!