 It was a lazy afternoon and we were sitting in the Gym upstairs. Being bored and with no one in the house, sexercise became more on the menu than exercise. I got Anna talking dirty while we continued to work out, asking her about fantasies and things she would like to do. 

I knew she was very turned on by exhibitionism and talked about that specifically. I asked if she would let someone else cum on her tits. She said probably not but blushed. 

"I'd love to see a guy spunk on your tits!" I told her. 

"Really!?" she said, surprised. 

"Hell yes, I think you quite like that idea too!" I pushed. 

"Obviously it's a hot fantasy!" she replied. 

"What if I said I wanted it to happen?" I asked. 

"Dunno, I'd probably do it if you wanted" she answered. 

"Well Ann's son is here tonight, he's a good candidate!" I said. 

"No way, he's so young, anyway, how do you know he would!" she gasped. 

"He's 18 and he's not getting any off his girlfriend, he will be so horny he will be over the moon." I replied. She just bit her lip coyly, "What's the matter, do you want a bit of practise!?" I grinned as I pulled up her cropped t-shirt to reveal her sheer, see through white bra. I pulled her t-shirt over her head and unclipped her bra, throwing both aside. "See how good you are at that!" I grinned. 

She looked at me with a horny look on her face. I stood behind her and cupped her tits, looking at her in the mirror, "Are you looking forward to these being covered in Wayne's cum?" I asked. She bit her lip and nodded coyly. 

I pushed my hand down the front of her cycling shorts and into her knickers which to my surprise was wet with her excitement. She was soaking wet 

"Seems like you are really enjoying that thought" I pulled my cock from my shorts and moved her hand to it, she gripped it and slowly stroked me. I eased her shorts and knickers off so she was standing naked. I roughly positioned her, bent over the weights bench and entered her from behind. She groaned with delight as I began roughly fucking her, reaching up and groping her tits. 

"Is that better?" I asked. 

"Oh god yes" she grunted. 

"Are you enjoying that?" I asked. "Well, I'm going to cum very soon" she gasped shortly before she shuddered through her climax. I pulled out after her orgasm had subsided, 

"Time for you to practise for later!" I told her. She sat on the weights bench and pulled me toward her so I was standing between her legs and began jerking me off fast. I never could last long with her doing that and as she sensed I was about to come she positioned my cock over her tits and I began shooting my load over her pert tits. She went and cleaned up and said nothing about it again. 

That night I was thinking about how I could broach the subject with Wayne. We sat upstairs and had a few beers while Anna kept coming and going, clearly unsettled. When she bent over once I caught him having a cheeky look down her top and took that as my lead. 

When Anna left the room I said "What you think of them?" 

"What?" he replied acting innocent. 

"I saw you have a good look down her top a minute ago, what you think of them?" I asked. He looked sheepish. "I don't mind, I would look if I was you too" I said. "So..?" I enquired. 

"Well, they're very nice" he squirmed. 

"I don't mind at all, have a good look at her" I said. 

"But I've got a girlfriend" he replied. "Well I won't tell her!" I replied. "How good out of ten?" I asked. 

"What her tits?" he asked. I nodded. "8 maybe 9" he answered. 

"What about her ass?" I asked. "7 or 8" he replied. "

You'd like to give her one?" I asked. 

"Of course!" he said getting into the conversation. 

"She's dirty as fuck in bed!" I told him. 

"Like how?" he enquired. 

"Like whatever I want really" I said. 

"Awesome" he enthused. 

"You want me to get her tits out so you can have a good look?" I asked. 

"Hell yes!" he beamed. 

I called Anna. "What? She asked as she came up. 

"Come here" I told her. I kissed her and pushed my hand up her top as she sat on my knee, I undid her bra deftly and then eased her top up, flashing her tits. I teased her top over her head and removed her bra leaving her topless then turned her to face Wayne who was almost drooling at the view. 

"What you think?" I asked him. 

"Awesome, she's so fucking hot! Awesome tits!" he grinned. He stroked his bulge in his trousers discreetly, 

"Show her how much you like her and I'll see if she will show you a bit more!" I told him. He stood up and quickly pulled his trousers and boxers down and stood facing her with his throbbing cock in his hand. I undid Anna's trousers and slid them down her legs leaving her in just her black thong. 

"Stand up and turn around so he can have a good look" I told her. She did as I asked, 

"Nice ass" Wayne drooled as he excitedly stroked his cock. 

"Come and have a feel of her tits" I encouraged him. He quickly took my offer up, pawing them roughly. I stood behind her and slid my hand into her knickers, she was absolutely dripping wet with excitement. She gasped eyes closed as I stroked her wet pussy and he groped her tits. "What you want to do to her?" I asked. 

"Anything" he answered. 

"What you really want to do though?" I persisted. 

"I really want to fuck her!" he grunted. I pulled her thong off quickly and pulled his hand down to continue stroking her pussy before she could object. He pushed 2 fingers inside her and began vigorously finger fucking her, making her gasp with pleasure. Her hands moved to stop him as she knew she should, but couldn't bring herself to stop the sensation. I took her hand and put it on his cock and she gently stroked it as she stood enjoying his attention. 

"I love it when she gets this horny!" I told him. "I think I deserve a good blow job for this!" I casually informed Anna. 

"You got a rubber?" I asked Wayne. He nodded. "You better get it on if you want to fuck her!" I told him. He pulled away and quickly fished his wallet out of his pocket. He pulled it on eagerly but awkwardly, his cock twitching with excitement. 

I sat Anna down on the sofa, pushing her back so she was almost laying down. "Go on then!" I told him. He quickly positioned himself between her legs and pushed his cock into her, before thrusting quickly, frantically fucking her. She held onto the sofa as he vigorously thrust into her, her big tits swinging up and down. He lifted her legs and began thrusting down onto her to get inside her deeper, making her groan with pleasure. It was clear that being so naughty was getting to her and I knew from her heavy breathing she wouldn't be able to hold back for too long. As she got closer Wayne slowed down to allow her to recover a bit. 

"Don't slow down, Fuck me harder, don't stop" she panted breathlessly, thrusting her hips forward to encourage him. He started slamming into her as hard as he could, "Oh yes, fuck me, fuck me!" she panted, before panting and shuddering through her climax. He was struggling to control himself and as soon as her orgasm had subsided, she pulled his cock from her pussy and positioned him between her legs, before pulling his condom off and began vigorously jerking him off. She wiped the sensitive tip over her tits as she jerked him hard, "Do you want to spunk up all over my tits?" she asked. 

"Yes" he panted. 

"Are you going to cum lots and lots and cover them, with sticky mess?" she purred. 

"Oh yes!" he gasped, throwing his head back. Within seconds he began pumping his sperm over her tits, and managed to keep cumming for what seemed like ages. He sat on an arm chair trying to recover, I decided it was my turn. 

"Was that nice?" I asked. 

"Uh huh" she grinned, trailing her fingers through the sticky mess covering her tits. 

I unzipped and pulled my cock free, "Suck me" I said. She quickly took my cock into her mouth and began working it fast. 

I was so turned on by what had just happened, I was in the mood to talk dirty. "Was she a good fuck Wayne?"

"Mmm yeah, she is!" he gushed.

"I enjoyed watching you fuck her, do you like seeing her suck me off?" I asked him.

"Oh yeah, she looks so good at it. Are you going to cum in her mouth?" He replied.

"yeah, I'm so close" I replied. As I did so Anna redoubled her efforts and I began shooting my cum into her ready mouth.

"Has she swallowed it?" Wayne asked after I had pulled my cock from Anna's mouth. Anna opened her mouth to show it was empty then giggled and started to get cleaned up and get dressed.

Wayne was staying for a few days so we got to play a few more times, but will have to add those stories next time.