 The following story was previously posted on this site. I hope you enjoy. 

~Molly

*

"Please fuck me," she heard her own voice whisper. 

The words, spoken in the midst of a hot dream, woke her in the darkness of a moonless night. Had she said them out loud? She wanted to slap herself for the fool that she was. She laid her head back on the satin pillowcase and closed her eyes. The sticky swelling between her legs was making her uncomfortable. Her nipples were hard as diamonds and ached.

Why was she still dreaming of him after all these months? He wasn't particularly good-looking. He had that annoying habit of sucking his teeth after eating. His belly hung over his belt from too many beers and he didn't really care about his appearance. He was loud and insufferable but he had been a good lover. It was closure that was needed, she decided as she drifted back to sleep.

The next day dawned bright and fresh as if washed by a soaking rain. The sun streaming through her window reminded her that today was a new day and today she would be free. It was Saturday and she knew that he would be home all day, watching sports, eating junk food and sucking his teeth. Today she would exorcise Paul Johnson from her life.

She busied herself around the house, tidying up and seeing to other chores. She watched the clock. At noon she hit the shower. The water was hot and somehow more sensual than usual. Perhaps it was what she had in mind that was making her body respond as it was. By two she had powdered, lotioned and perfumed herself into an enticing aura of sight and smell. Her legs were smooth and slick, her flesh dewy and soft. She had shaved the personal area between her legs and the skin was as hairless as a baby's bottom. 

She added a little glitter to her breasts before she donned the sheerest of red bras. She put on red crotchless panties and thigh-high stockings. Next was a white silk blouse so delicate that her red bra could be seen in excruciating detail through the fabric. Then she pulled on a skin-tight black knit skirt that left nothing to the imagination. A pair of sexy red strappies with four-inch chrome heels and dazzling gold earrings dripping with diamonds completed the outfit. Surveying herself in the mirror, she decided she looked good enough to eat. She had the figure of a goddess and the face of an angel. Her long, auburn hair hung in riotous curls to her firm buttocks. She smiled at the reflection and almost felt sorry for the poor son-of-a-bitch. He didn't stand a chance.

It took a mere twenty minutes to drive to his place. She gave her hair a toss before ringing the doorbell. In moments he was at the door looking irritated by the interruption. 

"What do you want?" he asked. "I thought..." Paul stopped short as his eyes took in her appearance. He didn't remember her looking like this. She had never worn anything this sexy when they had been dating. In fact, she always looked just a bit boring. That's one reason why he had dumped her. He leered openly at her divine body and his breathing started to quicken. My God, he thought, she's gorgeous.

She pushed passed him and sashayed into the dim light of his living room. "Do you have company?" she asked with a smile. She looked around enough to know that he was indeed alone. "Do you want company?"

"Anna, I thought I told you we were through." 

The words sounded hollow to his own ears. The way her hips swayed as she walked around the room was too distracting. Her movements were graceful and cat-like. Her entire demeanor had a feline quality that he didn't remember having noticed before.

She let out a wicked little laugh and flashed him a mischievous smile. "I'm not here to 'talk it out,' you fool." Anna walked toward him slowly, letting him see how the silk caressed her tits as she proceeded. "I came here to fuck you." 

She reached a hand up to open the top button of his cheap department store shirt. Her hand slithered inside to glide over his warming flesh. She watched with satisfaction as Paul's adam's apple bobbed up and down while he swallowed convulsively. His heart was pounding erratically under her roving hand.

When Paul failed to speak, Anna moved her hand upward to curl around his neck. She pulled his head down for a kiss. With their lips were a fraction of an inch apart, she stopped so that he could feel her warm breath on his skin. After a moment she flicked at his lips with her tongue and then drew him in for the full kiss.

He gasped and snaked his arms around her waist. The kiss he returned was full of fire and need. She liked it. She liked the sudden power she had over him.

His over-eager hands started to pull at her clothes. She gave him a mighty shove that sent him flying back into his easy chair. She snagged the remote off the end table and switched the TV to a satellite radio station and then tossed the remote away. When he started to get up, she slammed her chrome heel onto the chair just in front of his bulging zipper. 

"Stay put," she ordered. 

She didn't care that the door was still open or that the curtains on the windows were open. In fact that just added fuel to her fire. The expression of pure lust mixed with a touch of fear on his face made her want to laugh.

"Take off your clothes. I want you naked when I get back." She tossed her auburn curls as she turned her back on him. She entered the bathroom and removed her skirt and blouse. When she walked back into the living room, she was wearing her bra and panties, stockings and chrome heels. 

Paul was naked, his soft belly hanging freely. One look at her and he actually tried to suck in his gut. For the first time since she'd known him he seemed to care about his appearance. The idea amused her. The poor bastard, she thought.

"Sit on the floor, in front of the coffee table," she instructed, her finger pointing to the desired spot.

Paul wasn't sure why but he obeyed. His eyes roved over her body. He didn't remember it looking so mouth-watering. As Anna approached him he noticed that her panties were open at the crotch. This only caused his already-swollen cock to jump and swell larger. As she sat on the end of the table, he reached his hand out to touch her silk-clad leg. She rewarded him with a sharp slap on his wrist that was hard enough to sting. 

Anna was pleased by the startled look in his eyes. Served him right, she thought. He needs to be scared once in a while. 

"Now, Paul..." she said as if speaking to a child. "You are going to have to do something for me."

"Name it," Paul answered hoarsely.

She spread her legs open and leaned back enough that she had to support herself on her outstretched arms behind her. "I want you to eat my pussy. I want you to make me cum."

He grinned from ear to ear as he moved in to do her bidding. Within moments she felt his familiar mouth working its magic. He pulled the open fabric of her panties apart to reveal her shaven labia and moaned with pleasure. First his tongue danced along the edge of the parted flesh and then it moved in deeper, tasting the inner folds. It moved up and down and deeper until it touched her clitoris. There it lingered for more than a moment until the little bulb of nerves began to swell. He pulled his head back to look up at her.

Anna couldn't decide who was enjoying this game more. He looked thoroughly delighted, like a child with a new toy. She smiled at him and said, "Good boy, keep going."

He brought up his right hand and separated the skin with two fingers. She was wet and slick and he loved the feel of it. He couldn't wait until he could bury his cock in her. He slipped his middle finger inside her drenched pussy and curled it up to stroke that most secret of spots. He pulled the flesh farther apart with his left hand and brought his lips down over her clit. He massaged her clit with his tongue, drawing it into his mouth to suck on it gently. He heard her moan which only spurred him onward. 

Anna lay back a little farther, propping her upper body on her elbows. She lifted her hips slightly to better accommodate his caressing finger. She was thoroughly enjoying the feel of his hands and mouth.

Paul slipped a second finger into her. She was tight and wet and silky. His own lust doubled with each taste of her. He put in a third finger and her moans grew louder. Her ass was rising and falling in time to his hand. God, she was hot.

He continued to suck her clit a moment longer and then raised his head to look at her pussy. Her nectar was flowing freely, soaking his hand and the tabletop. The skin was so smooth that it didn't seem real. He loved a shaved woman. He put the middle finger of his left hand on her clit and began rubbing gently but quickly in a circular motion. Her movements increased and her legs opened wider. He began to envision himself turning her over and fucking her hot ass. His cock ached and was leaking pre-cum.

He pulled his fingers out of her pussy and replaced them with his tongue, his left hand never stopping its assault on her clit. She was nearly screaming now. The fingers of his right hand, still wet with her juices, trailed down to her asshole, already wet from her dripping pussy. It was closed tight. He twirled the end of a saturated finger around the puckered skin. He knew that today he was going to have her there. Slowly, gently, he pushed the finger into the closed little hole. His tongue continued to fuck her pussy, his left hand maintained its kneading of her hard clit and Anna maintained her writhing motion.

Paul pushed his finger in just a little farther. He could feel her pussy muscles tightening around his tongue. He knew it wouldn't be long before he got the chance to roll her over and fuck her good. His cock throbbed and jumped in agreement. He pulled his tongue out and pushed two fingers of his left hand into her vagina hard. She cried out as his teeth took hold of her clit. He was having a hard time hanging on because of her undulating hips but he pushed a second finger into her asshole. 

Both hands were fucking her in rhythm as his tongue flicked at the little ball of nerves that he held in his teeth. She was going to cum hard, he could tell. He pushed her harder, using both hands to fuck her as hard as he could, sucking and pulling at her clit with his mouth.

Suddenly she threw her head back and screamed as her body convulsed in wave after wave of brilliant climax, and still he didn't stop. He wanted her to cum forever. Finally her hips stopped moving and she slumped back, panting and gasping, on the table. He raised his head, keeping his fingers in her pussy. Her cum had drenched his hand all the way to the wrist. He continued to work her g-spot as little shudders passed through her spent body. 

Paul's free hand began to roam her prone body. He pinched her nipples through the sheer fabric of her bra. He wanted to fuck her hard and he wanted to fuck her now. He pulled himself up onto his knees and used his hands to push her thighs apart again, staring at his target, her glistening pussy, partially clad in delicate red lace. He raised his eyes only to see that she had lifted herself up onto her hands again. Anna was smiling in a way that made his blood boil.

Just as Paul was about to go for the gusto, she placed a finger on his lips. "Just a moment, lover," she cooed. "I need to use the bathroom." Anna took his right hand and placed it on his cock. "Keep the fires burning," she breathed just inches from his mouth.

Anna got off the sticky-wet table and strolled gracefully into the bathroom. Paul watched as her luscious hips swayed and began to stroke his bulging manhood. As she disappeared behind the bathroom door, his hand started to move faster as his other hand reached down to cup his balls. In just a few moments he would be buried deep in her hot, wet pussy. He would fuck her hard and then roll her over and dominate her lush ass. He planned to drive it in brutally and make her scream and then fuck her until he felt her cum again. 

He was panting and stroking briskly when he heard the door to the bathroom open. He opened his eyes to see Anna fully clothed and buttoning the cuff on one sleeve of her blouse. 

"Where the hell are you going?" he nearly yelled. His eyes were full of bewilderment and anger.

"Thanks, Paul. I had a great time," was all she said as she grabbed her purse off the side table near the door. She shot him a sweet smile and exited the house.