 The spa drained, Anna and Tony wrap themselves in the huge towels provided and head to the candle lit bedroom. Tony is gazing at Anna's body as she dries herself, rubbing the towel everywhere.

"Let me dry you," he says, taking the towel from her. Anna stands looking at Tony as he gently rubs her dry, her arms, breasts, belly, and moving down to her legs, he even more gently rubs the towel between them, fluffing her wet and curly soft hair. He bends and kisses her neck while he dries her, and Anna sighs. While she climbs into the bed Tony dries himself quickly and throwing his towel over a chair gets into bed beside her.

"I should give Jill a quick call. It's 8pm," says Tony. "And maybe you should call Brad, just to make sure things are ok."

"You go ahead, but I'm not calling him," says Anna. "He'll be drunk by now anyway and won't even notice."

Tony calls Jill, lets her know everything's ok. Things are fine with her too but he detects a tone in her voice. At this point in time he isn't concerned, can't keep his eyes off Anna lying next to him in the bed, her warmth pressing against his leg.

It's so early, but they turn off the light. Anna lies on her side, and Tony spoons her from behind. Her body feels so satiny soft against him. Lightly he runs his hand over her buttock, feeling the soft resilience of her skin beneath his touch. His mouth is on her neck and he kisses her there, sucking and biting at the skin. He raises her body slightly to lever his arm beneath her, so he can hold both her breasts in his hands. Anna sighs as Tony massages and kneads her flesh, her nipples rising in the palms of his hands. Tony's cock is hardening again, he's had time to recover from before. He feels his cock press against the crack of her arse, and can't help moving his hips back and forth against her. 

Anna's hair is a dark tangle in Tony's face, so sweet smelling and soft, he is luxuriating in it. Her body moves in front of him as he continues to massage her full breasts, they're spilling over his hands and he rakes his palms across her taut nipples. Moving his pinned arm across both her breasts he continues to stroke his hand on both nipples, squeezing her breasts together as his other hand moves down, down her full belly and between her thighs. He hears her moan as he parts her labia and strokes her there. Her body moves back and forth, his cock still between her cheeks, as he strokes her clit and both her nipples under his palm at once.

His mouth is dry but he continues sucking at her neck, can see the delicate skin there rising in a purple bruise but he doesn't stop, she's murmuring now as he groans and muffles his mouth against her skin. Anna's pushing back against his cock which is bursting now, hard against her soft arse.

Her pussy is wet on his fingers, as he strokes the soft slick flesh there, pulling back the hood on her clit and moving his fingers in a circular motion, slowly and rhythimically as he moves his palms across her breasts. Anna turns her head and he kisses her deeply, his tongue inside her mouth, searching and finding hers, intertwining in time with the slow movements of his fingers on her clitoris.

Tony feels Anna ready to cum so stops his movements there just for a moment. She moans in protest but he pauses, just holding his hand there until her urgency subsides a little, then begins to move again. Anna pushes back against Tony's cock again, and he spreads her legs slightly with one knee. She bends her leg at an angle, and he guides his cock inside her pussy from behind.

He sighs as he feels his raging hardon taking the now familiar journey into Anna's divine pussy. Again she is hot and slick, and he feels her move and hears her moan as he thrusts ever so slowly in and out of her. His pinned hand continues to massage her breasts, moving to one then the other, now and then she assists him by squeezing her breasts together so he can just reach both nipples. He increases the speed and pressure on her hard hot clitoris as he slides his cock deeply inside her, loving the feeling of her soft round arse cheeks against him, sucking and kissing at her neck.

The hand stroking Anna's clit now reaches behind and with lube from her wet pussy, Tony slides his finger gently inside Anna's arsehole. She jumps a little at first then relaxes, enjoying the sensation of Tony's cock and finger sliding in unison in and out of her body. Her hand takes over from Tony's as she rubs her clitoris, harder now.

Tony's thrusts in and out of Anna's pussy become harder now as his passion rises. He feels as if he belongs inside her, wants his whole body in there, her core. His cock feels alive inside the raging heat of her pussy, and his finger slides in and out slowly of her tight arsehole, the ring of muscle gripping and resisting as Anna relaxes and pushes back against him.

Both their movements become faster now, Tony's hard prick pumping harder now as Anna pushes her whole body back against him. She's rubbing her clit furiously now as he continues to stroke her breasts, kiss her neck, fuck her harder and faster, his cock in her juicy pussy, his finger sliding in and out of her anus. He feels her start to cum and gives a huge thrust as his own climax gathers and tightens his balls. Anna groans and shudders, cums time and time again and Tony can't hold on now, he lets go again, feeling his sperm drain and shoot from his swollen balls deep inside Anna. He wraps both arms around her, his cock still inside her.

They sleep, Tony doesn't know how long. The best sleep he's had in years, though the whole time he is fully aware of Anna beside him, the full length of his body pressed against her, his arms holding her as if he let go she would disappear.

Tony wakes, with a start. Turns and looks at the clock. It's 3am and Anna is sitting bolt upright in bed, just staring at him.

"What's wrong Anna," he stutters, struggling to wake enough to speak.

Anna says nothing, just continues to look at him, her black eyes huge in the darkness, the green digital clock reflected in their intensity. She lies back down next to him.

They start to talk. Tony tells Anna about his relationship with Jill, which he thought was ok but spending time with Anna, he's realising how much more he needs. He talks about his family, his childhood, his semi retirement. All the time Anna says nothing but watches him intently.

"What about you Anna," Tony says. "I want to know everything about you. You're the most amazing woman I've ever met. I want to know it all."

"There isn't much to tell really," Anna says hesitantly. "Bad childhood, Brad's family took me in, and we ended up married. I kind of feel a responsibility to him, maybe even love him in a way. But I know he isn't the one for me."

"That's obvious Anna," says Tony, shaking his head. "You shouldn't feel you are responsible for anyone though."

"Well, I decided that I'd do what makes me happy," she says. "And being here, with you, that makes me happy."

"Me too, you have no idea how much," he replies.

They lie in bed for a while awake until both doze, and don't wake until it's light.

Anna's up first, surprising Tony. She's dressed alluringly in a black halter swimsuit, a kind of two piece thing, with a sarong wrapped around her. "Let's go to the beach early. It's so hot, and I want to swim with you," she says.

Who is Tony to disagree? While he gets into his bathers Anna packs breakfast, croissants and a thermos of coffee. They pack a bag and head for Tony's favourite beach.

The drive isn't far, and this morning Anna is lighthearted and smiling, a contrast to how she seemed in the early hours. The beach carpark is almost empty, at this time of morning only surfers around catching the mild waves.

Tony parks the car and Anna jumps out, grabbing the bag and skipping off down the path through the dunes to the beach.

The beach here is perfect, which is one of the reasons Tony loves it. Jill is pale and hates the beach, Tony used to surf as a young man and has always been passionate about the ocean.

The sand is white and neverending, no seaweed. The water is already blue and crystal clear and the waves lap gently onto the beach. Anna finds a spot, there's no one around save for two surfers and a man walking his dog up the beach a bit.

"God I love the beach," says Anna, stretching out on her towel. Her hair is spread around her, haloing her head in darkness, a contrast to the stark whiteness of the sand. She closes her eyes and Tony lies down next to her, soaking in the already hot warmth of the sun, feeling it penetrate the skin on his belly.

Tony sits up and takes the sunscreen from the bag, rubbing it into his palms and onto his torso. Anna squints up at him, opening one eye and watching.

"You need some too," laughs Tony and dabs some on the end of her nose. His hand moves down to the bare skin of her neck and chest, and he drips more sunscreen onto her breasts, rubbing it in and letting his fingers graze her nipples now and then, which are clearly outlined through the thin fabric of her bather top.

Tony's hand moves down further to Anna's belly, pushing up the stretchy fabric of her tankini and smoothing sunscreen there, a pool of it forming in her belly button, which he dips his finger into and smooths around. His other hand rubs cream over her thighs, starting at her smooth ankles and working his way to her thighs, allowing his hand to brush across her pubic area. He feels his cock beginning to strain at the crotch of his boardshorts, a now familiar feeling anytime he touches looks or even thinks of Anna.

"Let's swim!" Anna says unexpectedly, and jumps up, running down towards the water. Tony sits for a moment enjoying the sight of her rump bouncing in her bather bottoms, her hair streaming wildly behind her. He can't resist following her and runs down to the water after her.

It's freezing but Anna dives under for a long time into the surf, emerging dripping and smiling. Tony laughs, wading in gingerly, his cock still obviously hard until the cold water reaches its level and forces it down.

Anna laughs and splashes him. She jumps on his back and pushes him under, going under with him. Tony's eyes are closed against the cold salty water but he feels Anna's mouth close on his underwater, her tongue fat and hot pushing between his cold lips, warming his body all over.

Tony comes up spluttering, and grabs for Anna, her body warm and slippery in the freezing ocean. Her breasts are floating in front of him in the buoyant water, and he dips his head to suck at her nipple, pushing aside the fabric of her costume.

Anna holds Tony's head there for a moment and reaches down to the crotch of his boardies. His prick is stiff again of course, and she rips apart the velcro and reaches inside for it. The water is achingly cold but her warm hands grip it tight.

Anna pumps it up and down for a few moments while Tony flicks his tongue over her nipples, but the cold is becoming too much for them both.

"Anna, I want to fuck you in the sand dunes. Now!" he mutters into her ear.

They swim back to shore together and wade out of the surf. Anna looks delicious dripping wet and Tony stops to admire her coming out of the water.

They run up the beach hand in hand. There are a few more people around now but Tony finds a spot between two dunes. Anna kneels in the sand and Tony tears off her bather top, her breasts glistening in the morning sun, rivulets of water running from her hair over their fullness. Tony embraces her pressing his hairy chest against her softness, kissing her deeply.

They kiss for a while as Tony's erection springs to action again, the water drying on his skin. Anna bends on her hands and knees as Tony pulls down her bather bottoms, her round white arse exposed in the sun. He can see tops of people's heads walking past the dunes but he doesn't care, neither does Anna.

Tony shoves his boardies down around his knees, kneeling behind he leans down and runs his tongue over her pussy exposed from behind, then without missing a beat slides his cock once again inside her.

He knows they don't have much time so there's no going slow. Anna bucks back against him as he fucks her hard and fast, feeling his balls slap against her pussy, gripping her arse hard as he fucks her in and out, loving the grip of her muscles on him.

Anna's tits are brushing the sand leaving furrows as he continues to pump his hard cock in and out of her. 

"Slap my arse Tony," says Anna, and he slaps her gently, leaving just a faint red mark on her skin, this fuels her to buck against him again. Her hair is trailing down her back and he holds it, her head pulls back towards him as she moans and pushses against him.

Harder and faster he fucks her, his cock on fire, knowing anyone could see but not caring, his balls slapping Anna wildly, one hand full of her hair, the other full of her arse cheek, squeezing it and slapping it now and then until he can't hold back again, he's cumming, pumping furiously into her as she collapses on her elbows into the sand.

They don't have time to stay that way, the beach is getting more crowded and they're bound to be discovered so they quickly pull their bathers back on and arm in arm head back to lie down on their towels.

"Oh god Tony. I've never fucked on the beach before," says Anna.

"Me neither Anna, I have sand everywhere. Want to swim again?" laughs Tony.

They head down to the ocean again for a rinse off but now too many people are around, so after a few they decide to get going.

In the car on the way back Tony looks at Anna. Her eyes are closed and the music is playing again on the stereo, this time "Feeling Good" by Muse, which Anna hums along to beatifically.

Tony wants to shower, with Anna preferably, and he's starving, their croissants untouched in the bag. He wants to dress her up, take her to his favourite places. To lunch at a winery. Drink some amazing red, maybe try some mead, bring some back to their chalet. Make the most of what time they have left together today.

Anna looks like she's asleep. Tony whispers under his breath to her.

"You are mindblowing. Amazing."