 After I left the bar I called Anna. If I was going to go through with it, if I was going to reverse her hypnosis to see how she really felt about me, then I figured I would have one more thrill in case it was the last.

 "Would you come over to my place tonight at 8?" I said.

"Sure, of course. Where did you go?"

"I just took a walk in the sunshine. I'm going to go to the gym."

"Okay." She sounded relieved. "Well I cleared your schedule so you have no obligations until tomorrow morning."

"That's great."

"Alright, well I'll see you at 8 I guess."

"Anna wait--would you wear your red dress? The one that shows off your tits?"

She laughed.

"No problem," she said.

"And your silk slip underneath. The one I like."

"Okay."

"Okay goodbye," I said, and hung up.

 I put my sunglasses on and headed for the gym. It was pretty slow when I got there. There were two teenagers bench pressing and a brunette woman on the elliptical. Talk about hypnotic, I couldn't stop looking at her ass. The two teenagers couldn't either, I could see their silly little boners tenting up their gym shorts. She gyrated in her gray yoga pants, working her ass like she was grinding on someone in the club. I tried to ignore her, skipped some rope, stretched, did some deadlifts, squats, shoulder presses. I foam rolled my back and my calves. God, it felt good to get the blood pumping. I felt recharged.

 There's nothing worse than cooling off while you're still in your sweaty clothes, so I ran down the stairs to the showers as quick as I could. The women's lockers were cordoned off, but the men's were open. There was no one in the showers. Early afternoon on a weekday I suppose. I stripped off my clothes and got under the stream of water.

 I like to sing in the shower. It's a common enough habit. And because there was no one there, I was really belting it out, singing Sweet Caroline.

 "SWEET CAR-O-LINE... Good times never seemed! SO GOOD. Buh-buh-buh SWEET..."

"I love that song."

 I turned around. It was the woman from the elliptical. She still had her gray pants on, but she pulled off her black sports bra and flipped back her hair and then she was standing there with her big, full breasts hanging out and her long brown hair running down behind her shoulders. I figured she was about forty, very fit, and with a lovely curvy figure. I felt my cock twitch and put my hands down to cover myself.

 "I figured you wouldn't mind if I showered in here," she said. "I don't want to wait for them to finish cleaning the other one."

"No," I said. "Of course not, please."

 She was really being aggressive, I was surprised. Women almost always prefer being chased to chasing. But I suppose in the right situation, or even if you just get to a certain age, you stop worrying about what could go wrong and start finding ways to get what you want. And I certainly wasn't going to stop her. The only thing I was worried about was if those two teenagers came in. But what did I know? Maybe that was her plan. These thoughts were not nearly so well-defined as all this, more like hazy premonitions. Mainly I was thinking about how long it would be until I could stuff my cock in that beautiful ass I had been lusting after for half an hour.

 She picked up her soap and started lathering her whole body, starting with her neck and shoulders, then down to her underarms and her breasts, her back and stomach. While she did it she made small talk with me as if we were two regular gym buddies.

 "So what's your line of business?" She said.

"I'm a consultant," I said. "I mainly work with distilleries and breweries. What about you?"

"I was a stay at home mom for fourteen years. Now I'm a gym rat and a booze hound."

"That sounds like a good life."

 I turned a little to the side to hide my growing erection. The hot water and the soap running down her thighs were killing me. I turned my shower off right as she dropped her soap.

 "Oops," she said. She bent over at the waist, exposing her rosy cunt between her glistening wet ass cheeks. My half hard on became a full one. I was going no where.

 "You're married?" I said. She stood back up, smiling as she reached out to grip my cock.

"Yeah, but we have an arrangement."

"What sort of arrangement is that?"

She kissed me. Her mouth was wet, her lips soft. The water ran between us, down my chest and over her huge tits.

"My husband knows that if I encounter a big stiff cock... You know, out in the wild... That it's not my fault, I'm just powerless to resist it."

 I turned her around and placed the tip of my cock between the lips of her pussy, holding her hips with my hands. Slowly I pressed inside of her, then more and more vigorously pumped my cock in her cunt as she began to moan.

 "Oh, fuck me, yes." She reached down to finger her clit and I smacked her ass. The flesh bounced pleasingly against my pelvic bone as I dug deeper and deeper into her cunt. "Yes! Fuck me like a whore. I'm your slut! I'm your slut!" Her tits bounced wildly. I felt her pussy contract as she came, clenching me tightly over and over. "Cum on my tits!"

 She pulled off me and turned off the water, kneeling down at my feet. Wildly she sucked on my cock, tugging at me, until I was ready to explode, and then ropes of hot semen were spurting from me onto her beautiful tits and I was orgasming, releasing joyously. She smiled at me, looking up into my eyes, still fingering her pussy absently, my cum dripping down onto her nipples.

 "Would you fuck me again sometime?" She said.

"I don't know," I said. "I don't know if that was a good idea or not."

"Well you've got a nice big cock and I like your personality so if you want to do this again I'm here Wednesdays at 12:30."

 The two teenagers walked in. I barely even registered them. They took a good long gawking look at us. Mainly at her. She was certainly a sight.

 "Hi boys," she said. "You want to get in the sauna with me?"

 I got my pants out of my locker and got dressed. I couldn't get distracted like that all the time. She was very hot though. And it seemed like she really appreciated it. I walked out onto the street again. I had almost seven hours to kill.

 TO BE CONTINUED