 This, like a few of my other submittals, is a true story. I have changed the names, to protect the not-so-innocent, and the dialogue may not be verbatim, but otherwise, the rest is factual, or as factual as I can remember it. I hope you enjoy, and as always, look forward to your feedback. 

I am a General Foreman for a large electrical contractor in a large city. I had to admit being a bit shocked when my shop announced that our annual Christmas party was going to be at a very upscale hotel this year. I knew that it had been a good year for us, but I didn't realize that it had been THAT good!

Management was having a dinner before the party for some of our clients, and wanted to put on a good display. Having just bought a new suit a couple of months ago to wear to a friends' wedding, I decided to go. "What the hell," I thought. "I can get another wearing out of this suit, AND get a half-day off at the same time."

Other than the fact that the food was excellent, the dinner was pretty boring. I was looking forward to the party, and the open bar, and possibly hitting on either our new receptionist, a gorgeous but ditzy woman my age, or one of the other single women there. I wasn't seeing anyone at the time, so I came alone, but that didn't mean that I had to leave alone.

Knowing that everyone was going to be drinking quite a bit, the shop got us group rates on a room if we wanted. Not willing to risk a DUI, I opted to get one, and based myself out of there for the evening.

I wound up having a few drinks with some of the guys, and women, that had been on my jobs in the last year, and was quite happy well into the evening. There were really no women that peaked my interest there, our receptionist having brought a date, so I decided to drink.

Just as a few of us were finishing a round of shots, my cell phone rang. The number on the display looked familiar, but I couldn't place it right away. As I answered it, I heard a familiar voice at the other end.

"HEL-lo," she said. I recognized the voice, and the speech pattern, as Melinda, a cute little strawberry-blonde that I had dated for over a year. I ended things with her a few months ago when I realized that it just wasn't going to work out.

Melinda grew up in the south, and was raised Southern Baptist. She rarely drank, never having more than two, and always commented on how many I had. The sex was very good, but always vanilla. Her religious views were a bit more conservative than mine, and she got mad at me when I got on her teenagers for the way that they talked to, and treated, her. 

Whenever we had sex, it always had to be at my place. I tried to talk her into staying the night once, or having me spend the night at her place, and she said that it would give the wrong idea to her kids.

"A proper Southern Christian lady does not do such a thing," she responded. While I thought to myself that a "proper Southern Christian woman" wouldn't suck my cock, and then bounce up and down on it like she just had, I decided to let the comment, and eventually the relationship, die.

I had run into her a couple of times since the break-up, and she was always a bit cold towards me. That's why I was shocked when I heard her voice on the phone. That, the fact that it was noisy where she was at, and she sounded a bit off.

"Hi," I responded. "This is quite a shock."

"I know," she said. "I have been rude to you, and I'm sorry."

I immediately knew why she sounded off. She was slurring her words. She was drunk.

"I'm sorry to be calling you so late, but I didn't know who else to call," she explained.

"Why?" I asked. "What's wrong?"

"I'm at my Christmas party, and I've had too much to drink," she told me. "I can't drive home, and it's too far to take a cab. I was hoping you could come and get me?"

"Well, I'm at my Christmas party, too," I told her. "And I've been drinking."

She started sobbing, and said that she didn't know how she was going to get home. "Where are you at?" I asked.

"I'm at a hotel downtown, in the city," she sobbed.

"Which one?"

She quietly told me the name of the hotel, and I chuckled.

"Where are you?" I asked. "That's the same hotel that I'm at."

She told me where she was, and I said that I would be right there. Her party was only one floor up from mine, and all of the party rooms were on the lower floors, so I took the escalator up to her party.

As I stepped off of the escalator, I saw Melinda sitting on a stuffed chair. When she saw me approach, she smiled and stood up. To say that I was surprised at what I saw would be an understatement.

Almost always a conservative dresser when we dated, she was wearing a very sexy and almost revealing dress that ended about mid-thigh and showed a bit of cleavage. She was also wearing heels, something that I never saw her in.

"Wow!" I said, as I walked towards her. "You look amazing!"

"Thank you," she said, blushing. "I was hoping to spend some time with someone tonight, and wanted to impress him."

"He wasn't impressed?" I asked. "He's either gay or a fool."

"No, he's married," she explained, fighting back tears. "The jerk never bothered to mention that little fact."

"Well, why don't we get you out of here?" I said, as I lead her towards the coatroom. "If you want, you can join my party downstairs, or I can let you crash in my room."

"You have a room here?" she asked, sounding surprised.

"Yeah," I explained. "The hotel offered us group rates, and I didn't want to drive home after drinking."

"Ahh," she said quietly. "Smart idea."

I took a quick glance into the room at her party, and shook my head. Melinda worked as a personal secretary for a senior partner at a very prestigious law firm, and I had to laugh at all of the lawyers, para-legals, etc who were trying to look so serious and professional, even at a Christmas party.

As we got her coat, she said that she really didn't want to go to my party, but wasn't ready to go to bed just yet. Being that it was a very warm night, for early December in Chicago, I suggested that we go to the rooftop garden, where we could sit and talk, if she wanted.

"You wouldn't mind?" she asked. "That sounds very nice."

I led her to the elevators, and we rode up to the garden in silence. As we walked outside, Melinda commented on how nice of a night it was.

I led her to a spot that I had found earlier, when I had come up there for a cigar, that had a great view of the city. As we started talking, I commented on how much I liked her dress.

"Is it too slutty?" she asked, concerned. "One of the partners, who is really conservative, kept looking at me all night."

"This dress isn't slutty at all," I assured her. "He was probably checking you out. You usually don't dress this sexy, and he wanted to take in the view while he could."

"Oh, stop," she responded, slapping me lightly on the shoulder. 

Looking up at me with glazed eyes, she asked, "Do you really think this dress is sexy?"

"I think that you make this dress sexy," I told her. "You are a beautiful woman, and this dress just emphasizes that."

"Aww," she sighed, as she leaned in to me. "You were always so sweet to me."

"I have to ask, what made you decide to dress like this tonight?" I asked.

"I was trying to impress one of the partners," she said, with a loud sigh. "He has been talking to me for a few weeks, always being nice to me. I THOUGHT that he was interested in me, so I decided, what the heck, this is a Christmas party, I'm single, when better to try to see just HOW interested."

That comment reminded me of another of Melinda's more interesting traits. She NEVER swore. Ever. Even when she was heated up during sex, or angry at one of her kids, her language was always clean. She would always say "penis" and "vagina"instead of "cock"or "pussy', and even said "gosh" instead of "God", as in "Oh my gosh" when she was about to cum, or "gosh darn it" when she was angry.

"He told me that I had nice legs, so I thought I'd give him a better look," she continued. "Just like you told me once, he said that he liked the dress-and-heels-with-no-nylons look, so I dressed like that, for him."

"And then he showed up with his wife?" I asked

"Yep," she responded. 

"Oh, well," I said. "That's his loss."

Melinda looked at me and asked, "Can we go back in now? I'm starting to get cold."

"Sure," I told her, and we walked to the elevator.

As we stepped off the elevator into the hallway, I had to hold her steady, as she wobbled a bit, reminding me that she was drunk. When we walked into my room, she went into the bathroom, but not before asking if I could pour her a drink.

"Are you sure that you want to have another one?" I asked. "You wanted me to pick you up because you had too many, remember?"

"I know," she responded. "But the cold air refreshed me, and besides, I feel like one more."

When we finished that last round, I told Melinda that she could have the bed, and that I was going to the bathroom. She argued with me, telling me that since I was paying for the room, and we had seen each other naked quite a few times, we could share the bed. Knowing that it would do me no good to debate her, I agreed, and told her that I would be right back. 

"Besides", I thought to myself, "she's slurring her words again, so she'll be out like a light soon."

When I came out of the bathroom, I saw her dress on the back of a chair, and she was laying on the bed. As I got in with her, I heard her whisper, "Hold me, please?"

I turned onto my side, wrapped my arm around her. I could feel her naked back against my chest, and was reminded of how soft her skin felt.

"Touch me," she whispered, as she placed her hands on top of mine. She started to guide my hands to her breasts, and softly squeezed them.

As I wrapped my fingers around her full breasts, I softly kissed the back of her neck. I heard her moan, and she moved her head, giving me more access to her neck.

"Sit up," I whispered in her ear, as I gently pulled my hands away.

I sat up and placed a couple of pillows behind me as I lay back against the headboard. Melinda did as I asked, and I told her to lay back against me.

As I looked over her shoulder and down her body, I saw that she had left her heels on, but nothing else. She reached up, and took my hands in hers again, guiding them back to her breasts.

As I resumed squeezing her tits and kissing her neck, Melinda moaned louder, and pressed my hands harder against her breasts.

"I want you to guide my hands wherever you want them," I whispered softly as I kissed her just behind her earlobe. 

"Yess!" she gasped, as she squeezed her hands on top of mine. I raised my eyes, and noticed a full-length mirror on the wall at the end of the bed. From that angle, I could see the entire length of her body, including a beautiful view up her legs. I also saw that Melinda was keeping her eyes closed.

As I continued to gently squeeze her tits and nibble along her neck, I watched us in the mirror. Melinda's legs were slightly parted, and I saw that her pussy was bald and moist.

One of her only "kinks", if it can be called that, was that she shaved her pussy. The first couple of times that we slept together, she still had hair on her mound, but one day, she was bald. She told me that one of her friends at work mentioned that she did it, and liked it, so Melinda decided to try it. After she realized that she liked the feeling of silk and lace rubbing against her bald pussy all day, she decided to keep it that way.

I was also reminded that her only other "kink" was the fact that she liked her nipples pinched and pulled, when she started to pinch them using my fingers on her stiff little buds. When I began to pull on her nipples, Melinda gasped, and breathed, "Yes!" 

After a couple of minutes of working on her nipples, she took one of my hands and started to guide it down her body. As we reached the top of her pussy mound, Melinda gasped again, and spread her legs wider.

I continued to let her guide me as she slid my hand over her hot, moist slit. With her fingers on top of mine, she started to rub her clit, and then slid a finger inside her tight, steamy pussy.

Melinda's finger entered her pussy along with mine, and she moaned and raised her hips slightly. She started to writhe in her enjoyment as both of our hands worked on her body, slowly bringing her to her peak.

When she guided my hand back to her clit, I slowly started to pull both of my hands out from underneath hers, and then placed them on top. Soon, Melinda was masturbating herself, something that she claimed that she never did. 

It didn't take long for her breathing to quicken, and Melinda slid the hand that had been squeezing her tits down to join the other one working her pussy.

I watched in the mirror as one of her hands rubbed her clit, and the other one started sliding one, then two fingers inside her wet pussy. I could see the juices shining on her fingers as she slid them in and out of her hot mound, picking up speed.

As she started to gasp and moan more, I brought my hands up to her tits, and started working on her stiff little nipples. Melinda groaned loudly as I pulled hard on her nipples, stretching them out while I watched her play with her pussy.

"Oh, yes!" she moaned as she started working her hands faster. "Ohhh! Ohhh my god! Yesss!"

I squeezed her tits firmly, and then pinched her nipples again, and she groaned loudly, "Oh my god, I'm gonna cum! Oh, god! YESSS!"

Melinda's body started to shake, and she planted her feet on the bed, pressing her heels in hard and raising her hips off of the bed as her orgasm overtook her. 

I held her body and softly squeezed her heaving breasts as Melinda came down from her orgasm. She opened her eyes and looked at our reflection in the mirror and smiled. Turning around, she looked at me, and slid my boxers down my legs.

"I've missed this big, thick cock," she said as she wrapped her fingers around my shaft and started stroking it.

"I've never heard her talk like this," I thought to myself. "But then again, I've never seen her drunk, either."

I watched as she looked me in the eyes and slowly lowered her mouth over my rigid cock. "Oh my god!" I gasped as she took my pole in deep and I felt the head press against the back of her throat.

Melinda ran her tongue along the length of the underside of my shaft as she slowly slid it out of her mouth. "Do you like it when I do that?" she asked, giggling while she stroked me.

"Oh yeah!" I whispered, and placed my hands on her head, lowering her back down.

"Good," she responded. "Because I like to suck on this cock."

Melinda then proceeded to suck my cock with an inspired enthusiasm that I had never seen from her before. I looked down and watched as her head bobbed up and down on my cock, and I could see her ass and bald pussy, still shiny with her juices, wiggling in the mirror.

"Oh damn!" I said, "and you are SO good at it!"

Melinda moaned and continued to suck and lick my cock with a passion that truly surprised me. She would take me in deep, pressing her head down on my rod, and then pull back, so that only the head remained in her mouth, with her tongue flicking along the rim, and her hand stroking the shaft.

"Oh my god," I gasped. "If you keep that up, you're gonna make me cum!"

"Oh yeah," she moaned, momentarily releasing my cock from her hot mouth. "Cum for me! Fill my mouth with your hot cream! Give it to me!"

I gasped again when she said that, because that was another thing that "proper Southern Christian women" didn't do. She would never allow me to cum in her mouth, or even pull out and cum on her. Now she was telling me to cum in her mouth! "I should have gotten her drunk a long time ago!" I thought to myself.

That was all too much for me, and I felt my balls start to tighten. I took her head in my hands and held on tight as my hips started to buck against her face.

"Oh my god!" I groaned, as I felt my balls start to surge. I grabbed handfuls of her hair, holding her head in place, as my cock exploded in her mouth. "Oh damn!" I bellowed.

Melinda moaned in delight as my balls emptied their load down her throat and my hips continued to buck.

Finally, my cock and balls drained, she let my softening cock drop from her mouth and started to kiss her way up my body.

"That was fun!" she said as she lay her head on my shoulder.

"Oh yeah!" I gasped, as I tried to catch my breath. 

After I had recovered enough to move, I rolled Melinda on to her back, and started to work my way down her body. I spent time sucking on her nipples, and nipping at them with my teeth. She was gasping and moaning when I was pulling on one nipple with my teeth while I pulled on the other one with my fingers.

Her tits were just big enough for me to push together so her nipples were able to touch, and when I started to lightly bite on them with my teeth, Melinda groaned loudly and started writhing on the bed.

"Oh yeah!" she gasped. "That's SO GOOD!"

I continued working on her nipples as I slid one hand down her belly. When I slid my hand to her mound and ran my fingers over her clit, she planted her feet, still clad in her heels, on the bed and raised her hips, moaning even louder.

"Oh my god yes!" she yelped, when I slid a finger into her hot, soaking wet pussy. I slid a second finger in, and started to rub her clit with the heel of my hand, and Melinda groaned and whined.

"Oh yeah!!!" she moaned. 

I released her nipples and started kissing my way down her body, keeping my hand working on her pussy. 

The closer I got to her pussy, the more vocal she became, and the more she moved her hips. "This is a completely different woman," I thought to myself. "I wonder what else she'll do like this?"

I knelt between her legs and lowered myself to my belly as I kissed and licked all around her pussy mound. Melinda gasped and moaned as I passed over her clit and avoided any sensitive areas, teasing her and building up her anticipation. 

I placed her legs over my shoulders and slowly ran my tongue up both sides of her bare pussy lips.

"Oh yesss!" she moaned. "Oh god, you've got such a good tongue!"

After teasing her like that for a minute, I placed my tongue just below her wet pussy hole and slowly dragged it up. I stiffened my tongue and slid it inside her hot, seeping hole and licked along her slick walls, and she reached down and held my head, pulling it in tight.

I started to slide my tongue up her wet slit as she continued to hold my head, and when I flicked it quickly and lightly over her clit, her body jumped and she yelped.

I flicked my tongue over and around her clit, including flicking it up and down the sides of her clit hood.

After a couple of minutes, I took her hands in mine and placed them on her pussy. "Hold your pretty pussy open for me," I told her.

"Oh yes!" she gasped, and held her lips open, making her stiff clit stand out.

I leaned in to her and wrapped my lips around her clit. As I started to suck on it, I placed my fingers back at the wet opening to her dripping wet pussy.

"Oh, damn! Yes!" she yelled as I slid my fingers into her tight pussy while I sucked on her hard clit.

I slowly slid my fingers in and out of her pussy as I sucked on her stiff little bud, flicking my tongue across the tip. Melinda soon started to buck her hips up against my face, and she let her hands drop to the bed.

"Oh my god! Yes!" she cried. "That feels so good! I'm gonna cum again!"

I released her clit from my lips and flicked my tongue across the shaft while I started to work my fingers in and out of her hot, wet hole faster. When I heard her start to gasp, I pushed her legs up to her chest and slid my tongue down her wet slit to her pussy while I pulled my fingers out and slid them down towards her ass.
