 My life was going smoothly, and I had nothing to complain about. Everything was routine, nothing was disturbing the ordinary flow of things. That is, until my neighbor Anna walked in on me. She caught me looking at something on the computer that I'm not supposed to. My girlfriend Karen has a huge issue with pornography, and Anna knows it very well. That will teach me to lock the door when I'm jacking off to online boobs and butts!

Most people would immediately turn away and leave, at least somewhat embarrassed, upon finding someone masturbating, but not Anna. She was standing there smiling as she cleared her throat, letting me know she was there. I have no idea how long she was watching, it could have been anytime after the last time I got up to get another beer -- maybe 10 minutes ago.

I heard a noise behind me, and I put away my cock as fast as I could while pulling my shirt over my crotch in a pathetic attempt to hide it, plus trying to close the video window of a lesbian orgy. That sure didn't work, it kept playing. Loudly. My face must have looked like the proverbial 'deer in the headlights' look, mixed with the 'caught with the my hand in the cookie jar' expression. Anna just laughed at me. "Damn Mark, you should really see the look on your face right now. You look just like a teenager scared that mommy will find your girly magazines."

Trying to stammer out some lame excuse, I said "What the hell Anna, don't you ever knock? It's not what it looks like, I didn't get on here to find porn, it just happened and I went with it. I just ...." 

She interrupted with "Shut it buddy, I'm not an idiot. I know you have an itch that needs to be scratched. And I know what a prude Karen can be."

With a weird look on her face, she started walking slowly towards me. "Mario is never home, and when he is, we fight. Good sex is almost impossible to find, and even mediocre sex can be hard to find. My boyfriend is just like your girlfriend. It's almost like they don't like sex."

As she reached me, she turned my chair so I faced the lesbian video that turned me on so much. She put her hands on my shoulders. As she moved forward, I could feel her breasts on the back of my head. "I don't look online for porn, it's not something that turns me on. I prefer regular DVD videos I can watch on the TV that's five times the size of that puny computer monitor. Besides, Mario would know if I looked for stuff online. Besides, I prefer live action rather than video."

After a minute of silence while that comment digested, she leaned forward and restarted the video. It was a long reach, but she turned sideways to reach it over me, which put both C-cup breasts on the side of my face. With her touch, I was starting to get hard again without even watching the video. Her boobs were a lot softer than I had thought they were, and now they were all I could think about.

"Mark, we have an issue now. I, ummm..." Anna hesitated, then started over. "Mark I have a proposition for you. This situation can get ugly quickly, so we need to come to an agreement."

A bit worried, I said "What are you talking about Anna?" and tried to turn around, but only ended up with a nipple in my eye. She pushed me back to the screen, standing behind me and hugging my head to her chest, which immediately drove out of my head all thoughts that did not involve being smothered in her breasts. I'm not really attracted to her, but I love staring at her boobs whenever I get the chance. As far as I know, she has never shown any interest in me. And now she's rubbing those awesome breasts on me!

"Look, I caught you beating your meat to a porn video. I know Karen does not like nudity in general, doesn't have much interest for sex, and especially does not like it when you want any kind of stimulation that doesn't come from her."

I just nodded my head. That chubby that had been building in my dick was ancient history. Talking about my almost non-existent sex life was always a downer. What in the hell was Anna driving at?

Seeming to read my mind, she got down to it. "You and I have sex drives, and our partners don't really have one. Here's my deal: I am going to tell Karen about your porn unless you do just as I tell you. You are going to help me out, and as long as you do as I say, I can help you."

Kind of confused still, I said "But what do you have in mind? What kind of slave am I going to be?"

Anna replied "Hey, calm down, I'm making this up as I go along. I didn't plan this whole situation." She waved her hands at the computer and my currently limp dick.

"Here's how it's going to go, Mr. Questions. You are going to start by locking the door this time, and close the blinds. Your beer is warm, so go get two new ones from the kitchen. Don't just sit there like a lump, get to it!"

I was starting to form an idea in my head, but I went to do it anyway. Getting back quickly, I saw that she had taken the liberty of loosening up a bit. Her button-down shirt had been fastened up to just below her neck, but now there were a few buttons undone so I could see her freckled chest and more than a tiny hint of cleavage. It was a bit loose, so when she went to move my chair away from the computer desk, the shirt opened up a tiny bit and I saw a hint of a black bra.

"Sit" she ordered, pointing at the chair. Playing along, I sat.

She walked up to me, stopping just in front of my feet. Bending at the waist, she put her hands on my knees and stared me in the eyes. Knowing it was coming, my eyes couldn't help but to fall to her chest, looking down her shirt as it opened up to me. A hell of a view in a the blink of an eye, one that I told myself I would remember forever. I only looked for half a second, but she caught me.

"I saw that you perv. Look me in the eyes, the ones on my face, and maybe you can look down later. Here's what you are going to do now: you will go back to the computer, and you will watch that video again. You will take your shirt off, and you will pull your sweats down a little, and you will jack off like you were before. And I will be watching you the whole time. I reserve the right to make orders as we go. Got all that?"

My eyes bugged and my jaw slack at these commands, I was still processing what I was just ordered to do. My cock responded right away saying this was a great idea, but my mind said it was a bad idea. 

Starting to object, all I got out was "But Anna, I don't think that ..."

"I said be quiet! Damn, don't you listen? If you don't do this, I will tell Karen all about finding you. You could try to tell her what's happening, but she will never believe you. This is out of character for me, but it is not for you. She will think you are trying to shift the attention off of what you did. Trust me, this is good for both of us. You get porn, you get to get off, and I get my real-life porn, and I will get off. Now stop talking and get to stroking!"

We just stared at each other, the realization sinking in to my head. She meant it. Could I rationalize it that this was just as bad, but not worse than, the porn. And she was right, Karen would never believe me. Her friend, our neighbor, was just civil to me. This wouldn't fly. I guess it wouldn't hurt. Just once, right? Then this will be over. I didn't want to, it felt bad. Like the 'not good' type of dirty.

I ripped off my shirt, tossing it to the side. I pushed my sweat pants down a little to expose my manhood. Except it wasn't very manly, all that negative talk drove him down. Anna, still bent over with her hands on my knees, smiled and said "It's about time you started. But what about the little guy? Why isn't he ready?"

We both looked down at my shrunken dick. She acted before I did though. She reached up and pulled my head down a bit, pointing my face at her boobs. "Look at my tits. You like that, right? Enjoy the view?"

She put her hand back on my leg and pushed her arms together, making the hint of cleavage very obvious, and removing any doubt as to what the bra looked like. My cock twitched, starting to get into the mood. Anna mumbled something about me being too slow, and then grabbed my left hand, turned it palm up, and moved it to her shirt. Pausing just an inch away, it gave me time to realize what was happening. I don't know who moved my hand, but it cupped her breast nicely. 

I know, boobs are boobs, but they really don't all feel the same. Maybe it was the situation. This had to be one of the best times on record for a boob grab. I heard a gasp and looked up. Her eyes were closed, and her mouth was open, breathing deeply. Moving my hand around, I caressed one breast then the other, using my fingertips to draw lines around them. Every time I would come close to a nipple, I heard a sharp intake of breath.

Enough of the teasing, my fingers reached one nipple, gently grazing over it. It was already stiff under my fingertip, but as I pinched it, it reached out further to me, and I was rewarded by a moan. Reaching to the other breast, I found that nipple as hard as the first. As soon as I touched it, she said "Stop now, that's enough damn you."

She pushed my hand down, and grabbed my cock on top of my hand and helped me stroke it. She pushed her hand into my sweats and grabbed my balls, massaging them and lightly scraping them with her nails.

"Enough groping, it's time for your video. Keep stroking that tool for me. Make me wish I was on top of it instead of watching it."

She got off of my legs and pushed the chair to the desk. Starting the video again, I watched the ladies on the screen doing their acting for me. I didn't notice Anna for a while, my eyes were glued to the video.

A moan from her brought me back to reality. I remembered what was happening. I looked over at Anna, and saw that her shirt was opened all the way, and the bra unclasped from the front. Her breasts were swinging free, well, when they could, anyway. She had pulled up the front of her skirt, and her fingers were busy under the black lace panties that matched her bra. Fingers were moving quickly, and I could hear them making squishing noises through her wetness. The crotch of her panties was very dark with her juices, and I could now smell the scent of sex flowing through the room. Her other hand was busy holding onto a breast, squeezing it and pinching her nipple.

The video forgotten, I focused on her breasts, remembering how much I had longed to see them, but thinking I never world. I was right, the freckles on her chest DID go down onto her breasts, but only the top. Regardless of what she was doing, that one thing was probably the sexiest thing I had seen in a long time. Her C-cup breasts were not huge, and they sagged a little bit, but that was the only flaw I could see. They were nicely rounded with nipples perking up slightly, they seemed to be about as close to perfectly matched as they could be without a boob job. Watching her standing there was much better than the video on the computer.

She opened her eyes to look at me, and did not once look at my face, only staring at my cock. I kept stroking it, timing it to match her hand grabbing her breast. She bit her lip, grinning a little, as she finally looked at me.

"My legs are weak" she whispered.

She went down to her knees, keeping her back up against the desk. Leaning back on her legs, and arching her back, she could just reach leaning her head back onto the desk. I stopped for a moment and her eyes opened immediately, questioning me with a look. Just smiling, I spit into the palm of my hand, and before it could spread out, I rubbed it onto the head of my cock.

Starting to stroke again, I moved slower, but worked it to get the saliva evenly spread around the top of my throbbing cock. The liquid made the purple head shine, and made a little noise to match her a little. Anna realized what happened, and pulled the chair a little closer, angling her head toward me, getting in position to hear a little better.

With her so close, I couldn't help it. I reached out, holding onto the breast she wasn't groping. She squirmed a little, but did not stop me. All our hands were now moving in rhythm, and my feelings of pleasure doubled. The throbbing in my cock and the tightness in my balls told me all about it.

"I have to cum soon" I managed to whisper. She heard and moaned softly. "Dammit, me too. I am so damn close. Let me help you!"

She reached over grabbed the base of my cock. She rubbed it and then moved to my balls, rolling them in her hand. I felt them pull up close, and we could both it was time. She gasped, and her hand picked up speed rubbing her clit. Grunting as she got closer, I could almost count down to when she would explode. 

Her body leaned forward a little, curling up towards me slightly, then froze as her eyes rolled back and she stopped breathing. The hand she was stroking my cock with clamped down and moved down a tiny bit. Pointing straight at her face.

I had to let go of her breast. I grabbed the armrest of the chair and squeezed as my muscles clamped down, starting at my legs, working up my body. My hand clamped my cock right next to hers. I started to cum harder than I could ever remember cumming. I saw a stream of cum shoot out, heading for Anna's face, but dropping towards her chest. My eyes closed, my whole body unable to move as the orgasm wracked me. I could feel my energy leave every time my cock pulsed. My dick started to soften as we both let go at the same time. 

Finding the energy to lift my head back up, I looked at Anna. Her eyes were only open a slit, just like mine. Her chest heaving with exertion, I saw a couple of splotches of my cum on both of her breasts, running down slowly across the light scattering of freckles.

She saw me watching and looked down.

Looking back at me, she smiled. "This part isn't exactly what I had in mind, but it will do. The rest was everything I hoped it would be."

Pausing to watch my cum on her breasts, she looked back up at me. She said "Part of this will stay with me for a while though" as she rubbed her hand all over her chest, my cum glistening across both breasts and nipples.

With an effort she got to her feet. As she stood there kind of unsteady on wobbly knees. She got her clothes straightened out without another word and walked to the door. Stopping and turning around, she said "This never happened, and I am fairly sure I never saw porn on your computer. I will be over tomorrow and maybe later whenever I feel like it just to make sure. Shutting me up forever may take a lot of payments."

Stepping out the door, she paused and turned around. "By the way, thank you." Then she was gone.