 "Is this seat taken?"

Anna didn't bother to look up. He was the last person she wanted to see her like this.

"Go away Jake."

Anna sighed as Jake sat down. She should have known he wouldn't listen. He never did. But she wasn't in the mood to spar with him tonight. She just wanted to be alone.

"He isn't worth it." He finally said after a few minutes of silence. "You deserve better."

Anna stared down at her hand. Her fingers absently twisted the diamond on her finger. Today was her wedding day. And she had been stood up. Stuart never showed. Her father had kept the guests waiting for an hour and a half until his note arrived explaining his change of heart.

So, like any other bride who wanted to put on a brave face, she invited all the guests back to the hall and had a party. But now the hall was empty. And she was alone. Except for Jake.

"Why are you here Jake?" She asked, looking at him.

"Do you really have to ask."

"Yes. I do."

"I want you Anna. I always have."

Anna laughed.

"You had your chance Jake. I practically threw myself at you and you walked away. Why now?"

"Well, you were too young Anna. And I don't fuck virgins. I'm a rough lover. I take what I want and push the boundaries. You weren't ready back then."

Anna had heard the rumors about how Jake liked it. Women at her father's company were always willing to spread gossip. And their legs.

"And you think I'm ready now?"

"Yes."

"What makes you think I want anything to do with you now Jake?"

He smiled and leaned closer. His hot breath fanned her ear. She barely held back a shudder.

"Your nipples are straining against your dress. And I bet if I felt your pussy, it would be soaked for me. You want me Anna. You know it. And I know it."

Anna closed her eyes. His breath on her skin caused goose bumps. He was right, damn him. Her nipples were painfully erect, begging for his touch. And her panties were soaked. Her pussy throbbed with her need to have him between her legs. Eating her. Fucking her.

"Jake, I..."

"Don't like to me or yourself Anna." He warned, sitting back. "I want you too much to play fucking games."

When Jake had first joined the company, she had done everything she could to get him to notice her. But he had always remained aloof. She had all but given up hope until the night of the company Christmas party. Jake had asked for her help with dressing up as Santa. Anna had agreed and once inside his office, he had pinned her against the wall and captured her lips with his.

They had both been breathing heavy when Jake pulled away. Anna had offered herself to him then. Right there in his office. On his desk. On the floor. Basically, anywhere he wanted her. But Jake had sent her away. Humiliated and rejected, Anna had left and avoided him from then on.

Until tonight. It was the worst day of her life and Jake was there to witness it.

"I'm tired Jake. The last thing I want to go a round with you. I just want to go home."

"Great idea. I'll drive." He stood and helped her to her feet.

"Alone Jake. I want to be alone."

Jake turned her to face him. She had to tilt her head back to look at him. He towered over her 5'3" frame.

"I've waited along time for you Anna. I won't wait another hour to have you."

Just the thought of being in Jake's arms, having him fuck her all night, make her pussy cream even more. So what the she had been stood up on her wedding day. Supposedly the happiest day of her life. She was fucking miserable. And if Jake wanted to fuck her and make it all better, who the hell was she to stop him. She had wanted him for ever. She might not have had the fantasy wedding, but tonight she was going to have one hell of a wedding night.

"This doesn't mean anything Jake."

"Yeah, keep telling yourself that baby and maybe you'll believe it." Jake took her arm and left her from the room.

****

Jake drove quickly to his house. He had waited too damn long for her. He was done waiting. He needed her now. He had done as her father requested and stayed away from her. He brooded silently as she dated and got engaged to the asshole Stuart. But now she was his. He would finally stake his claim and fuck al thoughts of Stuart from her mind. And her heart. She belonged to him now.

He swung his pick-up into the driveway and cut the engine.

"This isn't my house Jake."

"Anna, get out of this truck before I paddle that sweet little ass of yours." He said calmly. Too calmly. 

Anna knew better than to argue with him. She flung open the door and climbed out. He met her as she closed the door.

"That's a good girl." He said, grabbing her hand and dragging her toward the house.

He opened the door and pulled her inside.

"Jake..."

He pulled her hard against him and took hungry possession of her mouth, effectively cutting off anything she was about to say. Anything he didn't particularly want to hear. Christ, she tasted sweet. His tongue swept inside her hot mouth and dueled with hers. Anna sighed into his mouth. He felt her body relax against him and she slid her hands up his chest and wrapped her arms around his neck. 

Jake fumbled with the row of tiny buttons at the back of her gown. Frustrated, he ripped them apart. Anna gasped as the cool air touched her heated skin.

"Sorry about the dress."

"Fuck the dress Jake."

Jake laughed. He slid the gown off her body. He stepped back to look at her. Magnificent and unashamed, she stood before him. She wore a white lace, strapless bra and matching thong set. White lace thigh-hi's and white stilettos heels. A blue garter wrapped around one thigh. He blond hair had been swept up into a lose bun on to of her head and her blue eyes were shiny with the tears she had shed. Damn that fuckhead Stuart.

"You're beautiful Anna." Jake said, his fingers going to the buttons of his shirt.

Anna stepped closer to help. She grabbed the sides of his shirt and pulled the material apart. Buttons flew in every direction.

"Oh, sorry about your shirt Jake."

"Fuck the shirt."

"No Jake. Fuck me."

"I intend to." Jake picked her up and carried her up the stairs and to his bedroom.

Anna clung to his neck. Never had she had a man carry her before. Stuart wasn't as tall or as muscular as Jake. In fact, he was the complete opposite of him in every way. She shook her head to get rid of him. This was something she had fantasized about for years. There was no way she was going to let that weasel Stuart ruin it. Finally, Jake was going to fuck her. To make the internal ache she had for him finally go away.

Jake entered the large room. Anna barely had time to look around before he deposited her on the bed. She slid to the edge and watched as Jake shed the remainder of his clothes. Naked and fully aroused, Jake slowly moved toward the bed.

"See what you do to me Anna." He told her, stopping inches from her. His thick cock hovering before her kips.

"Take me in you mouth Anna."

Holding his gaze, Anna parted her lips and slowly took the head of his cock in to her moist mouth. She watched Jake's mouth tighten. His eyelids drooped. His eyes going dark with desire.

Her teeth lightly scraped the mushroomed head. Her tongue coming out to flick at the tiny hole. She tasted the saltiness of him in the drop of pre-cum that oozed from it. She opened her mouth wider and took more of him into her mouth. The flat of her tongue massaging the underside of his thick shaft. When he was half way in, Anna stopped and started to pull away. Jake's hand in her hair stopped her.

"I warned you Anna. I push. Now suck my cock." He ordered, his hand wrapped in her hair, guiding her mouth back over him.

"Suck me real good baby."

Anna closed her eyes at the feel of him inside her. She thrilled at the taste and feel of him. Her hands slid around his hips and gripped his ass. Her fingers kneading and massaging.

Jake groaned and pumped his cock into her hot mouth. He watched as she took him deep. Her lips stretched over the girth of him. He couldn't wait to feel her pussy lips stretch around him. Or that tight little ass he dreamt of fucking. And he would fuck her there. Tonight, he would take her in every way. By morning, there would be no doubt she belonged to him.

"Shit Anna, I'm not going to last much longer. Your tongue is wicked."

Anna smiled up at him. Her tongue running along the sensitive ridge just below the head. Flicking. Fluttering.

"Oh yeah." He moaned when her lips closed over him and she took him deep. Her cheeks created a tight suction around him.

"Suck it. Suck it baby." He chanted, his hands tightening in her hair. His hips fucking her face.

Anna moved faster on him. Her tongue and lips driving him crazy.

"Shit. I'm coming!" He pumped his hips faster, fucking her mouth. With a shout, he spurted his hot cum down her throat.

"Oh fuck." He hissed, his body tight with his release.

She sucked every lat drop from him. Bathing him in her mouth. She looked up at him then. A little smile on her glistening lips.

Jake leaned down and kissed her. Anna scooted back onto the bed as he followed her. She laid back against the pillows and welcomed his heavy weight on her.

Jake covered her mouth with his. Their tongues mating. He drew his hand down her body. Just his fingertips, teasing and caressing. Anna spread her legs and he settled between them. She lifted her legs high on his waist, locking them behind his back.

"I've always wanted you Anna. From the first moment you walked into my office."

"You had a funny way of showing it."

"You were an eighteen year old virgin. I'm ten years older than you. I wanted to do things to you that I knew you weren't ready for."

"And I'm ready now?"

"I can't wait any longer to have you. These past two years nearly killed me."

"Me too Jake."

Jake kissed her forehead. Her eyelids. Down her nose. A quick kiss on her lips and then he kissed lower. He licked and nibbled her neck and throat. His tongue trailed down between her breasts. He took one lace covered nipple into his mouth, sucking hard on it. His teeth biting, pulling on it. Anna cried out from the pleasure of it. Her pussy clenching.

Jake slipped his hand behind her and unhooked her bra. He pulled the lave from her and tossed it to the floor. His mouth returned to the uncovered peak. He laved the tip with the flat of him tongue. Savoring it. Anna arched her back, offering more of her to him. Jake's mouth closed over the sweet offering. He sucked hard. Milking it. Anna cried out as lightening bolts of sensation shot straight to her throbbing pussy.

"Jake, please."

"That's it baby. Beg me. Beg me to fuck you." He said hotly, moving on to her other breasts.

"Fuck me Jake. Please, fuck me now." She panted, her head tossing on the pillow.

"Easy baby. Not yet. First I want to play. Then I'll fuck you." He leaned back and looked down at her flushed face.

"I'm going to fuck you so good and so hard, you'll crave only my cock."

Anna opened her mouth to speak but Jake had moved lower and took that moment nuzzle her pussy through her thong. His tongue came out and licked at the swollen nub through the material. She cried out and bucked her hips. She felt his fingers move aside the thin material and then his mouth latched on to her aching clit clearly visible through her downy pubic hair. 

Jake sifted his fingers though her hair and parted her lips, revealing the treasured pearl inside. His tongue darted out and licked a circle around it. He sucked it into his mouth, his tongue flicking it. Anna rocked her hips to get closer. Her hands tangled in his hair, holding him against her. 

And then she felt his finger. One long finger, sliding deep inside her. Hooking and rubbing, stimulating the sensitive inner walls of her pussy.

"Jake. Jake." She chanted his name over and over. Her thighs started to quiver as the tension built in her body.

"Come on Anna. Come for me baby. Let me taste all that sweet honey." Jake encourages against her tingling flesh.

Anna rocked her hips faster. The tension spreading through her.

"Yes! Yes! Yes!" Anna screamed as her orgasm hit her like a thunder bolt, coursing through her body.

Jake held her pussy tight against his hungry mouth. His tongue deep inside her pulsing hole, drinking every last drop from her.

Anna slowly came back down. Her whole body limp and satiated. It was with out a doubt, the best orgasm she had ever had. She opened her eyes and saw Jake kneeling between her thighs. His big cock standing at attention. Would he fuck her now? She wanted to feel him moving deep inside her.

"Roll over." He commanded.

Anna obeyed and let out small gasp as Jake lifted her hips and pulled her panties from her. He then stuffed a few pillows underneath her, elevating her ass. He pulled her legs wide and settled between them.

"Open the night stand drawer and hand me what's inside."

Anna reached over, opened it and felt inside. She pulled out a large tube of lubricating gel. She handed it back to him. 

"Good girl. Now, I'm going to prepare your tight ass for my cock."

So what they said about him was true. A part of Anna was scared. She had never done this before. But another part was excited. She wanted this. She wanted Jake. She wanted to do whatever made him happy.

She felt him separate her ass cheeks and the cool tip of the tube slowly penetrate her anus. She tensed.

"Relax Anna. This won't hurt unless you tense up. Just breath out. I promise I won't hurt you."

Anna took several deep breaths. She could do this.

"That's it baby. Just relax and enjoy."

Jake inserted the tip again and squeezed a fair amount of gel into the virgin opening. He tossed it aside and replaced it with his finger. Slowly he slid it in. And out. And in again. 

Anna continued to breath deep. It wasn't an unpleasant feeling, just unusual. After a few minutes, it started to feel good. And then he added another finger. There was a small bite of pain as his fingers began to stretch her. In and out they moved. Each time going deeper. He then added a third finger. Anna sucked in a deep breath.

"I need to stretch you. You're so damn tight back here. I can't wait to feel you around my cock." Jake said, his fingers scissoring to stretch her further.

"Jake..."

"The pain is good Anna. Now, hand me what else is in the drawer."

Anna stuck her hand in and pulled out a dildo. Jake took it from her and began to rub it over her wet pussy lips. Anna moaned in pleasure. 

"This will make you even tighter. Fuller. It intensifies the pleasure. You'll see Anna." Jake said as he started to insert the dildo into her tight pussy. 

"I've been dying to see you like this. To show you all the pleasure I can give you." He added, removing his fingers from her ass and squirting more gel into her.

"Now, take a deep breath and push out." He ordered, the flared tip of his cock poised at her tight hole.

Anna did as he instructed. She could feel her hole burning as Jake began to penetrated her. She buried her head in the pillow. Her breaths coming in short gasps. He was killing her, she was sure of it. The dildo in her pussy made her even tight. The pain was unbearable.

"Christ! You're so tight. I love how you feel. I can barely get inside. Too tight." Jake said, his voice strained.

"Jake, please. I can't take anymore."

"You'll take it Anna. And you'll beg for more."

Just as Anna thought she couldn't handle anymore, Jake spread her cheeks wide and thrust deep inside her. She cried out. Her back arched and her she threw her head back. Jake stilled inside her. She had been torn apart. She knew it. The fullness in her ass and pussy was....well, it was erotic. The thought hit Anna with a jolt. She was stretched and full and had never felt anything like it before. Experimentally, she wiggled her ass.

"Don't. Fucking. Move!"

"Jake..?"

"Anna, I'm about to come inside this tight ass of yours. So do us both a favor and quit wiggling."

Anna looked over her shoulder at him. His face was drawn tight. His eyes staring straight into hers. Every muscle in his body was taunt and tense.

"Jake, I'm begging you. Fuck me now!"

Jake groaned and slowly began to pull out. 

"No!" Anna cried.

Jake ignored her and continued until the head of his cock almost cleared the stretched hole. Then he thrust back into her. Anna cried out from pleasure.

"I'm not going to be able to last much longer Anna." Jake announced as he set up a steady rhythm.

Anna couldn't speak. The pleasure/pain was too consuming. She felt each thrust through out her entire body. His hips pounding into hers. The slap of his balls against the dildo, pushing it in farther. The deep, slow strokes of Jake's cock in her ass. Too much pain. Too much pleasure. Both creating a slow burn that was starting to consume her. She felt Jake's hand slide under her and pinch her aching clit. She orgasmed instantly. Her juices coating the dildo and thighs. 

Jake fucked her frantically. His hips thrusting wildly against hers. One hand slapped her ass as he road her to his own release.

"AAAHHH!" 

Anna felt the warm rush of cum as Jake erupted in her ass. She arched her back to take him deeper. Jake pumped a few more times until he emptied his load inside her. Then he collapsed on top of her, sending them both flat against the mattress. Jake carefully rolled to his side and pulled Anna up against his chest. He reached down and slowly removed the dildo from her. It came out with a pop.

"Christ Anna." He breathed, tossing the dildo to the floor. Had it ever felt this good before? Jake couldn't remember. All he knew was he wasn't letting Anna go. Ever.

"Jake?"

"Yes Anna."

Anna lifted up on an elbow and looked down at him. His eyes were closed and his breathing was slowly returning to normal. 

"So what happens now?'

He opened his eyes and looked at her. She looked worried. And she had every right to be. He had waited too long for her to let her go. He was keeping her. But she had been hurt. He wasn't sure how she would react to his news.

"Now? I'm keeping you Anna. I'll never let you go now."

Before Anna could ask what he meant, he rolled her over and pinned her beneath him. He settled between her thighs and slid his hard again cock into her wet pussy.

"Fuck Anna, you were made for this. For me." Jake buried his head against her neck and began to move inside her. 

Anna wrapped her legs high around his waist and tilted her hips, taking him deeper inside her.

"Jake, Jake.."

Her nails lightly scored his back. His chest rubbed against her breasts as he moved within her. She tightened her legs as she felt the tension building again inside her.

Jake leaned back and knelt between her thighs. He continued to fuck her as his fingers found her clit and began to rub.

"Come again for me baby. I want to watch you explode."

Anna placed her hand over his where he played with her clit. Her eyes held his as she felt her orgasm building.

"Faster Jake. Fuck me faster."

Jake obliged, his hips pounding against her. He could feel her pussy walls tightening on him. 

"That's it baby. Come for me. Now!" 

Anna felt the damn burst and shouted out as her orgasm ripped through her. She heard Jake's answering shout as he came and shot his hot cum deep inside her milking pussy.

He fell on her, his arms wrapping around her to hold him tight against him. He mumbled something into her hair.

"What?"

He looked down at her.

"Marry me Anna."

"Jake..."

"I want you and this every night until the day that I die."

"Well, that wasn't the most romantic proposal."

"You want romantic?" Jake lifted a hand and smoothed away the hair from her face.

"I love you Anna. I always have. Since the day you sashayed into my office. I fought like hell to stay away from you because I knew you were too good for me. But it's no use. We were made to be together. Marry me."
