 Anna, is she worth it?

On her routine ride to work Anna received a text from someone she hadn't heard from in a long time but someone she had been talking about just the other night with her boyfriend.

Anna's 18 years old, a little on the short side at just over 5 foot but with a wonderful hour-glass figure. With blonde hair and blue eyes she had a face to be-witch you, breasts that were disproportionate to her small frame and a beautifully tight and rounded ass.

The text was from Ian, a DJ that she met when she used to work as first a waitress and then a receptionist at a hotel. Since then she had left the hotel but always remembered that when she was 16 Ian had made it clear that he fancied her, and if she was honest she had a bit of a curiosity for him. It was just bad luck for Ian that she had ended up with Peter first.

As her bus drew up to drop her off in town where she now worked as a care nurse Anna thought it may be interesting to accept the invitation in the text for a drink and replied asking if he wanted to meet her in a coffee shop half an hour after she finished work at 2pm. She knew Peter wouldn't be home until at least four, always putting in so many hours into that damned job.

Come her lunch break Anna for some reason had butterflies as she switched on her phone to wait to see what Ian had to say in his reply, waiting for the message to come through she remembered what she and Peter had been saying the night before as she lay on his lap. Peter always liked to tease her about other men, as he complimented her on her oral skills he told her that she was worth £200 alone for those skills. He asked her who she thought might love to pay her for her endeavors and Ian's name came up. She wondered if Peter was right as she jumped with the beep of the message coming through.

"Sure, I would love to meet you in town. Will be there on time. How are things going with the "Boyfriend". See you later sxy xxx."

Judging by the way he referred to Peter it made her think that he was probably still interested. She text him back to confirm and put in a few frivolities to plump out the message. She couldn't keep the dirty thoughts out of her head as she continued to finish of her day and by the time work was done she was positively soaking.

As she walked into the cafe Ian saw her dressed in her blue nurses tunic and black trousers. Even the baggy tunic couldn't hide her very prominent assets. He felt a stirring in his loins but made a concerted effort not to let it get the better of him and show.

Anna waved when she saw him, looked at the muscles of his arms through his white t-shirt and then smiled. She wandered over to the counter to order a hot chocolate and when she turned around as she waited she was sure she caught him looking at her butt. The attendant requested payment and then said they would bring it over.

As Anna sat down she leaned down to put her bag on the floor and Ian caught a glimpse of her black bra. he thought to himself "God, I've got to see those tits."

They started chatting all the usual conversation fillers, work, the weather, plans, any holidays.

Finally the question came that she knew would eventually, "So, you and Peter still together?"

Responding softly she confirmed that all was well in that department. She found the obvious disappointment in his face quite funny and in some ways it increased the heat of her fire burning down bellow.

"It was funny to hear from you today, I was just thinking about you yesterday." She knew she probably shouldn't have said it but she couldn't resist the urge to tease him, it was exciting her so much.

Ian seamed to have perked up a little at hearing that. "Really" he enquired, "what were you thinking about?"

Anna told him it was a little embarrassing and she wasn't sure if she should say, then she bit her lower lip in a slightly shy, seductive manor and began to twirl her hair to suggest innocence where she knew blatantly there was none.

Ian pushed her a little more, knowing he had to have the answer to this now. Was she playing with him, he certainly hoped so.

"Well" She said coyly, "Peter and i were up to mischief last night. And he said i was worth a lot of money."

"What type of Mischief?" he enquires "In what way are you worth lots of money?"

"I shouldn't have said anything" she teased. "I was pleasing him, you know, with my mouth."

"yes" He said, virtually begging for more information.

"Well, he said I was so good I was worth £200." She continued whilst licking her lips, "He asked me if I knew anyone that would pay me for, you know, kisses." She continued only after adjusting her bra a little. "And, well I. God this is really humiliating. I thought of you. Silly Huh." She had done it she thought, that must have baited him.

Ian looked stunned but then she saw a naughty glint in his eye, the same one Peter would get before he took her to bed.

"You were right?" Ian couldn't believe his own words, but he wasn't being led by his brain anymore in this matter. "I would happily pay that much for you."

Anna Licked off the last of the hot chocolate from around her lips and asked him "where do you want to go?"

With that Ian's cock was standing full mast, thank goodness that he was wearing tight jeans. "Lets go to my Van, will take us somewhere quiet and you can show me your stuff."

They walked through the town center to the car park and both climbed in, there was a short silence until he pulled over in a petrol station and went to draw out the money. He handed the cash over to her and as they started driving again Anna put her hand on his crotch and felt his hardness grow further. She felt herself feeling so naughty, wondering what her Boyfriend would think, wondering how Ian would taste and how big he was.

Anna reached over and undid his buttons on his jeans and then slid down the zip, she tried to slip her hand down but the jeans were still to tight with the way he was sitting. Just then he pulled over into a secluded park, stopped the van and undid his seat belt. Anna again tried to reach down for his cock but Ian stopped her and asked, "please Anna, I have wanted to see your wonderful tits for 2 years and i would really like it if you would show them too me first."

She hadn't expected that but she figured if she could tongue tease him then she could let him see her tits. She slowly popped the button at the top of her nurse's tunic and then slowly drew the zip down, exposing a little more of her cleavage as she went. She was wearing a black bra with lots of netted parts, Her nipples hardened with the feel of the air on them and then she pulled the tunic off her shoulders and showed Ian her full Cleavage.

Anna Reached behind her back and undid the clasp and pulled the bra of her wondrous 34E tits. The nipples hard, the bust full, the effect was undeniable, Ian gasped and reached out a hand to touch them.

Anna was going to stop him touching her breasts, it wasn't part of the deal and she wasn't sure how Peter would react as he was always so possessive of her golden globes, but when she tried to move her hands to usher him away something more primal took over and she let the slightly crass right hand of this hunky man touch her left breast, pinch the nipple and squeeze her hot mammary flesh. Waters were flowing between her legs like a ravine now. His hand moved to repeat the action with her other breast and she let out a slight sigh and tilted her head back. In doing so she pushed that magnificent chest out still further to the point where Lara Croft would have been jealous.

Ian encouraged by this success decided he would try his luck still further. He dropped his head and took her nipple into his mouth, sucked hard and nibbled intently on her hard excited nipples.

Anna was so excited by the contact she raised her hand to move him from one breast to the other and back again as the urges started to take hold of her.

With a feeling that could only be likened to extreme hunger Anna had a incontrollable desire to find out about his cock, how hard it could be, how long it would be. Curiosity about taste and wanting to fill her mouth with his man meat. She grappled with first his belt then his buttons before tearing down the zip that kept her rampant hot mouth away from that hard cock that she was craving.

There was no slow build up, the Nile was flowing between her legs and some satisfaction was required, she stuffed his cock into her mouth, quickly bobbing up and down on it a few times before she desperately tried to force the whole thing into her mouth and down her throat, she gagged a little but wouldn't be deterred as she worked his long hard shaft with the speed of a whirling dervish and the precision of a high powered prostitute. She could feel his excitement in the pulses that were running through his cock making him harder and even more importantly longer. He must have been at least 8" of thick hard muscle and she was working every inch with her mouth, caressing every square centimeter of his huge balls with her hands.

Ian couldn't believe it. £200 and he was not only getting the working over of his life but it was from that sexy little minx he had been lusting after ever since he first saw her blouse straining under the pressure of her tits 2 years ago. He felt he wouldn't last long but it didn't matter. What price can you put on heaven, weather it for 1 minute or a lifetime. He knew he would remember it that long.

His cock began to throb and she could sense that he was reaching the point of no return. She loved how dirty and cheep she felt whenever Peter came over her tits and that's exactly where Ian was going to deposit his load.

She pulled her head back and continued to work him with her hand and guided his cock in the direction of her tits. Ian made some guttural sound and his long hard cock began to spurt. The first hit her in the face, it had that much power, the next two shot all over her right tit and then the next on her left. Anna couldn't believe it but he was still going, her tits were soaked in his hot sticky cum. As he slowed she took the head of his cock in her mouth again and sucked every last remaining drop of cum she could get from him.

She wanted to immortalize the moment for herself and asked Ian to take a picture of her come covered tits on her mobile. Give her something to take home so she could remember what s dirty little slut she had been. With the image safely stored and the phone back in her bag she began to casually play with his cock again.

Ian wanted more. "Anna, how much more to fuck you, to screw your hot little pussy, how much do you want."

With a trace of sorrow in her voice she replied "I don't know, Peter hasn't discussed that with me yet, but I am sure I can bring that up with him tonight and we could make arrangements again for next week, when you have had time to recharge and fill up those heavy balls again to the top."

With that Anna Replaced her tunic and asked Ian to drive her back to town so she could catch a bus home. But before she left the van she gave his cock a squeeze, kissed him on the cheek, gave him a little wink and handed over her black bra to him. "Keep it as a memento, maybe next time you'll get my knickers."