 Annabelle's Diary: Singapore, Chapter 2

Grahame was Australian, one of the visiting speakers for the program in Singapore, and had arrived the afternoon before he would be presenting. I thought I might find him out at the pool, so I went there when the session was over for the day to introduce myself and see that he had everything he needed. I saw him sitting in a deck chair on the opposite side of the pool, and because he was resting with his eyes closed, I had plenty of opportunity to observe him as I walked around the deck to his side.

He fit what I thought of as the classic Aussie profile –- blond and tanned, with a swimmer’s lean body. He wore the kind of skimpy bikini bathing suit that hasn’t been popular in the states for a long time, and the shape of his penis was clear. He was 40 or 45, but aging very well – well muscled and without excess fat around his waist. He must have heard me then, because he turned his head slightly, opened his eyes and smiled at me. His eyes were a brilliant blue that seemed to look right inside me, and his grin flashed beautifully even teeth.

“G’day”, he said, in his best Aussie accent for tourists and the grin became playful. “Come to join me?” He indicated the table beside his chair which held an icy gin and tonic, half empty. He motioned for the poolside waiter and when I nodded, ordered me a drink and himself another. We made our introductions and then sat with our drinks talking business as the afternoon turned into evening. Finally he said, “One more dip in the pool, and then how about some dinner?” I watched as he dove in and swam the length of the pool and back. He was lovely to watch – an accomplished swimmer with an effortless stroke and a great tight ass. He pulled himself quickly out of the pool and stood dripping in front of me, his crotch just at my eye level. I was staring, I admit, and as my eyes lifted to his face he grinned again and reached for his towel. 

We rode up in the elevator together, deciding that it was much too nice to eat indoors and agreed to meet in the lobby in 30 minutes to eat at an outdoor café close to the hotel. I had been attracted to very few men except you since the day you and I fell in love, but as I refreshed my makeup I realized that my face was flushed and had to admit to myself that I was very attracted to Grahame. I kept wondering what he looked like totally naked, and what that mouth would be like to kiss. I told myself that I was being ridiculous and that he had no interest in me. Still, I took special care with my makeup and dressed in a sundress that fell low on my full breasts, showing ample cleavage. I thought of my husband and imagined him watching me make love to another man.

As I walked through the lobby, I spotted him by the door, dressed in khaki slacks and a white shirt open at the neck. I thought to myself that he looked just as good with clothes on as he had almost naked at the pool. We walked together to the café, chatting about the area and how beautiful it was. The evening air was warm and soft on my skin. We ate seafood and drank good wine, talking about his work and my work, and the program that had brought us both to Singapore. The table was candlelit and the air heavy with the scent of flowers I couldn’t name. I began to feel pleasantly high and thought I was probably laughing too much. He had a habit of talking softly so that I had to lean close to hear him. We’d paid the check and were finishing up our wine in the pleasant darkness. I imagined you sharing our conversation and maneuvering things to bring up the topic of a threesome. It excited me and I realized he was staring at me and that my nipples were hard against the light fabric of my dress. “Are you chilly?” he asked, and I looked directly at him and said, “No.”

We rose together, with the same thought in our minds, and left the restaurant, our arms brushing lightly as we walked back to the hotel. We said nothing, but as soon as the elevator doors were closed and he’d punched the button for our floor, he gathered me in his arms and kissed me hard, his tongue searching my mouth, his hands on my ass. When it stopped at our floor, he took me by the hand, guiding me down the hall to his room. Once inside, we kissed again, harder and deeper this time, his hands suddenly up under my skirt, cupping my ass, his fingers working under my panties so he touched my flesh. I gasped and pulled him against me as he buried his mouth in my neck.

I said, “Wait,” and stepped away from him, slipping the thin straps of my sundress off my shoulders and unbuttoning the tiny buttons in front, letting it slip to the floor. Underneath, I had only a strapless bra and my panties. He reached for me again, but I kept him at arms length while I unbuttoned his shirt and then his pants. He kicked off his sandals, letting his pants slip to the floor and I saw that he hadn’t worn any underwear. His cock was fully erect and was surprised that he was uncircumcised. I thought hazily that this would be a first for me as I knelt and took his cock into my mouth. He groaned, arching back, letting me take his cock deep into my throat. I sucked and licked his cock and his balls as he held my head and moaned. I imagined my husband watching, stroking his own cock, and enjoying the fact that I was sucking this other man’s cock. Just as I thought he was about to come, I stopped and he pulled me to my feet, guiding me backward toward the bed. He unhooked my bra and cupped my breasts in his hands, lowering his head to nuzzle them. Then he latched his mouth to one of my breasts and as he sucked and bit my nipple my clit tingled and I could feel myself swelling and getting wet.

He slipped one of his hands down between my legs and slid one of his fingers along my slit and into my cunt. “My God,” he said, “you’re dripping!” and I could feel that I was. He pulled his finger out and brought it to my lips and I sucked it hungrily, tasting my own juices. He groaned again, pressing his cock against me, pushing me down on the bed. I pulled myself back against the pillows as he pulled of my panties and buried his head in my crotch, licking and sucking at my clit, lapping up the juices that were flowing from my cunt. He buried two fingers deep inside my cunt, which made me gasp, and then sucked and licked again. I writhed and groaned, pinching my nipples and arching back against the pillows until I thought I couldn’t stand it any more. Then all at once I came, so hard that I moaned and bucked and then fell back panting.

He laughed and I saw that he was still rock hard. He stroked his cock, and I spread my legs, pulling him inside me, locking my legs around his hips. He stroked in and out, in and out, thrusting harder and deeper. Then he pulled himself out and spurted hot semen on my belly and I rubbed my pussy with it. He turned me over, thrusting into me from behind and thrust again and again, deeply into my cunt, while he buried his middle finger into my asshole. 

I groaned, rubbing my clit, imagining my husband sucking it, and feeling myself rising to climax again. I remembered the threesome sex we’d had some months ago and thought of another man lying under me, his cock in my cunt and your cock in my ass. I threw my head back, groaning and then suddenly Grahame arched back and I could feel him spurting hot semen inside me, pulling me hard against him as I came again with him.

Afterwards we lay together, enjoying the warmth and feel of each other’s bodies. I thought about my husband and I didn’t feel that I’d been unfaithful, because in truth, he’d been there with me the entire time. Next time, I thought, our threesome will be with another woman!