 [This is a work of fiction. All locations, events, and characters are fictitious. Any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.]

Timely Rescue

My name is Anne, but my friends call me Annie. I am a natural redhead with long, silky hair reaching just short of my shoulders. I am going to be twenty-two on Monday. I am five feet five inches tall in my bare feet, which by the way, are size eight double c, very long and narrow for those not in the know. I have a very athletic build despite my large boobs as I actively work out often to keep in shape. My very long and slender fingers look more like those of a piano player than those of a martial arts expert, but I do hold a black belt in karate. I have very long, nicely shaped legs which can clamp around a man like a vise.

You might also be interested to know that my red pussy hair is trimmed into the shape of a tiny heart. I am a 38D in the tit department with very large aureole and perky, long nipples that erect like you wouldn't believe when stimulated. I have green eyes to match all the red hair and just the tinniest hint of freckles on my face and across my shoulders diving down from my neck to between my boobs. One has to look hard to see them. Sometimes, that is part of the fun. I have a very tight ass that some men say they would die for. Hah!

I live in an apartment in a city of over 50,000 population, and I work in an office fifty stories up in the heart of the downtown financial section, so I like to "get away" as often as I can into some peace and quiet. I took a partial personal day and left work at noon on this gorgeous late fall Friday in order to head for a weekend of camping and hiking in the deep woods, a two hour drive away. A girlfriend is to join me on Saturday at a camp site in the park where we will stay. This girlfriend, Clara, is a coworker from the office. She is a brunette doll only five feet tall. She is petite in all other departments also.

Well, I arrived at the campsite to find it nearly deserted yet this early. So, I set up our tent by myself (helpless females, right?). I was already dressed for a hike in tight shorts, halter top and hiking boots. I carried a walking stick with a metal top and a small back pack of necessaries. There was at least four hours of daylight left for hiking, so I filled several water bottles and started off down a well used and well marked hiking trail. 

Although the late fall afternoon was quite warm when I started the hike, by near sunset, the air temperature had cooled unbelievably, I had not brought a wrap as I had intended to be back by this time (good girl scout, huh!), and I was developing quite a chill with shivers and giant goose bumps. And, I was quite some distance yet from the campsite. So, I began to hurry and got a bit careless. I started across a bridge which was just one narrow log about ten feet above an icy cold stream, fed I learned later, by a sparkling and cold spring in the high mountains not too far distant. The water must have been near forty-five or fifty degrees. Naturally, in my haste, I slipped and fell in with a loud scream, not to mention, a resounding splash!.

Although my hiking boots and pack hindered me, I am an excellent swimmer and I did manage to unhook and drop the back pack. The stream was over my head in the middle, but not really all that wide. However, it had a fast, difficult current. Trying to swim out, I was making progress toward the bank, but very slowly and drifting downstream rapidly. Suddenly, a man appeared on the bank. He saw what was happening in an instant and immediately started wading out towards me, pulling a coil of rope off his shoulder as he came. He was struggling at chest deep when he threw me the rope. Luckily, I caught it on the first throw and he began to reel me in as he backed toward the stream bank.

By the time we reached dry land again, we were both soaked to the skin and shivering with cold. I, in my skimpy outfit, was on the verge of suffering hypothermia and shock. Jack, whose name I learned later, was much more warmly dressed for the cool evening, but still was soaked and very cold. Athletic and fit as I was, I was shaking and nearly in shock. Jack said, "Come on, we have to get you and me to a dry, warm place fast. My hunting cabin is close, can you make it?"

I was by now so near losing consciousness and shaking so hard, I barely understood him and then did pass out into his arms. Jack later told me that he picked me up and slung me over his shoulders in a fireman's carry (he is one) and started hauling me off to his cabin. Thankfully for both of us, it was but a short, five minute trek to get me there. Jack immediately got me stripped bare of my few wet clothes and wrapped up in several warm, soft blankets before he could get much more that a quick glance at my nude assets. He built up the existing fire in the fireplace to a roaring inferno and stretched me out on the floor in front of it as close as he dared. He also then stripped and rolled himself into some blankets next to me by the fire. For the next three hours, we kind of rotated our front and back sides around each other getting warmth, feeling, and life back into our bodies.

Finally, after the fire had burned down to a small, cheery campfire size, Jack asked, are you ready for some warm liquid refreshment to warm your insides now that the outside is warm again?"

I replied, "That sounds just great!"

So Jack got up and waddled in his blankets to the wet bar at the side of the room and came back with two strong Kentucky bourbon drinks. He also pushed a battered old couch up near the fire and then built up the fire a bit again. We sat beside each other on the couch and gazed into the fire as we sipped our bourbons. As I said, the drinks were strong, the fire was hot, and we both began to feel the effects.

Jack said, "You're still shivering some. How 'bout I give you a rub down to help warm you up faster.?

"Umm, that sounds just great," I agreed. Now Jack was a little older than me, I would guess mid to late thirties, but he was one of the most handsome men I had ever seen in my short life. So far, I could only see his face, but it looked like the rest of him under that blanket would be a sight to see also. As he unwrapped me from the blankets, he told me to lie on my stomach. I heard his sharp intake of breath when he had me laid out in front of him with my bare ass and pussy staring him full in the face, He began to vigorously rub up and down both of my legs, allowing an occasional soft moan to escape from his mouth. But he stayed away from my pussy, which surprised me, especially since we were both very much aware that my pussy was starting to leak beads of lubricating juice. 

After rubbing down my legs, Jack moved up and down my back and on to my neck and shoulders. He sure knew how to give a massage! Jack then said. " Turn over so I can do your front." Jack also said he was getting too warm now and the blanket restricted his efforts, so as I turned over, he stripped off his blankets. Now my big tits, pussy, and heart shaped pubic hair stared him straight up at him! 

However, now I could also see him and I gave a shocked gasp as I looked. He had a giant pecker that stood at rigid attention straight out in front of him for twelve inches! it was near four inches in circumference! I about died. The only two guys I had been with to this point were both less than half his size in the cock department. And I was right, the rest of his body had the look of a twenty year old athlete. He had wide, developed chest and absolutely rock solid abs. Though not huge, he had visibly erect nipples. He was a stud's stud for sure! Jack was also giving me the once over up and down and must have like what he saw also, because a grin of satisfaction spread across his face as he began to massage my right foot. 

Jack began lightly brushing, touching, and kissing his way up my leg, across the top of my pussy mound, and down my other leg. Then he rubbed his nose back and forth through my heart shaped pussy hair without touching my pussy itself. Next he kissed his way up my belly to my cleavage. He licked and kissed his way around my left boob and back into my cleavage only to then lick and kiss up and around my right boob. When he tired of this, he switched to my nipples, licking, kissing, and finally biting and stretching them with his teeth. Finally, he began to kiss and nibble on my neck and ears. I grabbed his head and placed a passionate kiss on his mouth. His mouth opened just as mine did. Out tongues entwined in more passionate French kissing and sucking.

Jack raised up a bit and said, "Annie, slide down just a bit." 

I did and quickly found Jack's pulsing cock between my boobs. I used my hands to push my boobs together as Jack began to slowly pump up and down in the satin valley. Jack's cock was uncut and it was my first time with such piece of meat. His foreskin would slide back out of the way as he pushed forward to reveal a glistening head leaking a fair amount of pre cum. This pre cum served to lube the channel sufficiently to make his movements smooth. As he reached the top of his up stroke, I mouthed the head of his prick. It was a very tight fit over that monster, but I managed. He paused while I slurped, licked, and sucked. Then Jack slowly popped himself out and slid down until he almost dropped out the bottom of the valley. Then he started up again. 

We did this for sometime until he said, "If we keep going any longer, I am going to blow, big time."

I said, "Keep going, I want to swallow some and then you can unload the rest on my face and boobs." 

He did, and I did! I nearly choked on the first explosion of cum, there was so much. He then pulled out of my mouth and unloaded four more copious shots of cock cream all over my face and boobs as requested. We both began to rub it all around my tits and face and lick each other's fingers. 

Jack's twelve inches of pure man meat still stood at full attention and twitched with anticipation of more "cuming." I commented on his still very rigid dick and he said he could stay hard for quite a long time before he finally deflated. As if to prove his point, after a brief amount of kissing and fondling of my pussy and clit, he proceeded to slide that monster straight in. I did not think I could take all of it or at least not very far, but he managed. Working slowly, he began to inch that still throbbing cock into my tight hole farther and farther, Finally after no small effort, he was in to his balls. I felt like my cunt had swallowed a Volkswagen, or something.

Jack began a very slow and deliberate thrusting. He would back nearly out and then excruciatingly slowly, he would start to slide forward. I yelled, "Oh, God, Jack, fuck me harder, fuck me, damn it!" 

But he kept to this same slow tempo, teasing the shit out of me. I began to buck and grind as hard as I could against him, but he backed off just enough as I thrust up, so that he maintained the same teasing pace. I whimpered and moaned for him to fuck me harder. He was teasing my tits with his hands with the same slow pace with which he was fucking me. Shit, I was about to die of need for a hard fucking release. 

Without warning, Jack suddenly pistoned in and out with lightning speed and power for about five thrusts and then began to unload hot, sticky cock cream in such quantity that it leaked out around his cock to coat my outer pussy and thighs along with his balls and legs. I had also reached a bucking and exploding orgasm now and my cum juice mixed in the outward gush of his.

Unbelievably, Jack was still hard inside my cunt when he finally quit pumping jism into me! I said, "Jesus, Jack, you are wearing me out with that big fuck stick you got hanging there and you still got more? You aren't human!" 

He said, "Oh, I can go for a while yet, are you still game?" 

I replied, "Try me!" 

Jack said, "Get down on the floor on your hands and knees in front of the fire." 

I did as Jack said and waited for him to make the next move. He did not make me wait very long. He got behind me and began by rubbing the head of that big, erect dick up and down my cum and juice smeared cunt slit in slow motion, adding to the slippery goo already covering that big dong. Jack was getting well lubed up. Then he placed his cock head up tight against my pucker hole and started to push. 

Slowly, his dick started in. He went in about half way and stopped. If anything, his dick swelled even larger and the feeling of fullness in me was absolute heaven. Damn, he felt great in there. Jack then slowly pushed all the way in, balls deep again. After another wait that felt just great for both of us, he began to pump in and out of my back door. I felt Jack's hands reach around and under me. One played with my bouncing boobs and the other found my clit. waves of pleasure washed over and through me as Jack continued his exquisite playing on my body. 

As Jack increased his tempo of thrusting, it was all I could do to stay on all fours. He nearly knocked me down. He began to finger fuck me in time with his butt fucking. Just as I began to shudder into orgasm, squirting pussy juice all over Jack's hand and the floor, Jack spasmed with a loud grunt and pumped cock cream like mad again. He filled my back channel with it and then collapsed over my back, kissing the back of my neck and nuzzling my hair. He was still slowly rubbing his finger up and down my slit as well as in and out of my pussy hole. At last, his monster cock began to deflate and he slowly backed out of me, drooling cum all the way.

I turned around so that the two of us were sitting and facing each other and with a nearby basin of water and wash rag (I have no idea when or where that came from), wiped that beautiful dick down good and then began to massage it with my feet. I got it to half mast before Jack said, "I think it's done at last, at least for a little while." 

I replied, with a coquettish smile, "I want to play with it a little bit longer anyway." "Suits me," he said. 

The feel of that velvety smooth, warm dick sliding along the soles of my feet got me all shivery again. I took my right foot over the exposed cock head in tiny circular motions. That got the dick to three quarters mast.

Jack shuddered a little and I crawled up to him and took that semi erect tool in my two hands. I began to stroke him gently, again watching the cock head appear and disappear as the folds of foreskin moved forward and back. As the purpling cock head appeared, I took it into my mouth and ran my tongue around it underneath the foreskin before releasing it for the down stroke. This went on for about five minutes before I got one more shudder out of Jack and a thimble full or so of cock juice in my mouth for my troubles. 

At that point, Jack said, "We had better get cleaned up and the cabin back in order as I have a good buddy who will be arriving in a couple of hours for the rest of the week end."

I told Jack in reply, "I also have a friend coming, but in the morning. She is a female coworker, and I have to get back to my camp site before then." 

"I'll drive you back in my Jeep," Jack replied, and then he asked, "Say, you don't suppose you and she would like to make it a four some, do you?" 

I replied, "I think that sounds like a very good idea and it probably can be arranged." Jack answered, "Good, I will cum back late tomorrow morning to bring the two of you back here to my place."

*****

[will two become four? Time will tell. If you like this story, please, leave a comment and tell me. If you did not like it, you may tell me that too. Just tell me why. I also appreciate you votes. Regards, caprine.]