 Have you ever wondered if you could have your cake and eat it too? Well I don't want to jinx anything but that's exactly the situation I find myself in right now. I have been in a relatively happy marriage for over 7 years. I say relatively happy because everything is great between us except our sex life. My wife seems to be perfectly content but ever since the kids came along our sex life has significantly diminished. When we do have sex we both still enjoy it but for various reasons we just don't or can't find the time to do it enough.

When you love sex as much as I do and go from fucking four or five times per week to once a week something has to compensate. At first that something was the internet and frequent masturbation. But soon that wasn't enough so I started engaging in extracurricular activities while out of town on business trips. 

Then along came Anne. She's worked for me for over 5 years and has been my lead assistant for nearly a year. Although she has a live-in boyfriend and is 15 years my junior, those of you who have read my earlier stories know that Anne and I have an usually close working and personal relationship. I took her on a business trip last fall and ended up fucking her for the first time. We got together again at the company's holiday party in December and again one Saturday in March. 

It wasn't until mid-May that we had another opportunity to get together. Over those two months we still had a great time flirting with each other and the sexual tension between us had not diminished one iota. 

It was my birthday and normally I never work on my birthday, but this year as luck would have it, I had to be in an all day meeting that I couldn't get out of. So after literally six plus hours of being stuck in a boring as meeting I came back to my office mentally exhausted thinking how much my birthday sucked. I wanted to get the hell out of there as quickly as possible before anyone came in wanting something. Just as I was about to leave Anne walked into my office and closed the door.

"So you having a happy birthday?" she said sarcastically.

"I'm here aren't I? What the fuck do you think?" I snapped back.

"Well I have a gift for you that should make you very happy that you came in today." She said with a devilish grin on her face.

"Oh really" I responded with a touch of excitement in my voice. "You know how much I hated coming in today, so you must have one great gift."

"I'll let you be the judge."

Then without any warning or hesitation she pulled her shirt over her head, reached behind to unhook her bra, threw it on the floor and stood before me topless. Momentarily stunned by her extraordinary perky breast and complete beauty and sexiness, I managed to stammer out in a whisper, "wha what are you doing?"

"Something I've wanted to do for far too long and no better time to do it than on your birthday."

"What if someone walks in?"

"I'm willing to take the risk if you are. Besides, you know no one else walks in your office other than me."

"We can't fuck in here now; you know how loud you get."

"Oh I don't plan on fucking you and don't worry about me getting too loud. I plan on having my mouth full. You just make sure you keep it down. Now drop those pants and let me see that magnificent dick of yours."

Not needing any more persuading, I do as instructed and pull out my rapidly hardening seven-inch member. With my pants and underwear at my ankles, Anne knelt before me and proceeded to work her magic.

Starting slowly at first with licks and kisses from base to head, it didn't take long before she was sucking my dick with raw abandon. Some women are better than others at giving blowjobs and I can honestly say that if sucking dick was a class, Anne wouldn't be the top student; she would be the fucking teacher. 

The things she can do with her mouth and tongue are just incredible. She's able to twirl her tongue around my shaft as she bobs up and down fully engulfing my entire dick while at the same time cupping and massaging my balls with her hands. There are so many sensations going on that your mind can't keep track. You just know that it feels unbelievably good and you don't want it to ever end. All you can do is try to relax and enjoy it for as long as you can before the inevitable.

When the inevitable does come, not only does Anne not skip a beat she actually relishes in the moment and seductively looks you in the eyes as you cum in her mouth. Like I said, this girl knows how to suck a dick.

So here I was in high heaven enjoying my birthday surprise completely oblivious to the fact that nearly 15 other members of my staff were just outside my office. It took every ounce of restraint I could muster not to let out a screaming moan as I shot my load deep down Anne's throat. 

"Now, did that help make your birthday a little bit happier?" She said with such sexy confidence.

"Happy doesn't begin to describe how I feel. That's the best birthday gift anyone has ever given me. What in the world possessed you to do that with everyone right outside my office?"

"I knew you could be quiet if you had to and I wanted to give you something special that no one else would get you. Now was that hot or what?"

"Hot is an understatement." I said as I fixed my pants. "And speaking of hot, if I know you like I think I know you, that pussy of yours must be on fire right about now."

"Like a blazing inferno."

"Well I wouldn't be the gentleman that I am if I didn't offer to help you put that fire out."

"Oh god Scott, please don't tempt me. There's nothing more I want right now then to fuck you right here, but you and I both know we can't do that. Besides, this was all for you. Today won't be the first day that I'll leave this office horny as hell. We'll just have to scratch that itch another day." She said as she finished putting her top back on and walked out of my office.

Later that evening, my wife arranged for the kids to stay overnight with my mom. She took me out to dinner at one of the best restaurants in town and when we got home we were able to take full advantage of the situation and had the hottest, best sex we've had in a very long time.

Now that's what I call a happy birthday. So you see, sometimes you can have your cake and eat it too.