 Chris grumbled unhappily as he looked out his window at the fresh snowfall coating that was once against coating his walkway and more importantly his driveway. It had been a long time since snow had been a thing of magic and glory, so long ago that he hardly believed that he had ever been that naïve. Snow wasn't a wonderful once a year event that meant time to go outside and build snowmen and get hurl snowballs at friends and neighbors. No, snow was the stuff that trapped you in your house and had to be shoveled out of the way, and forced you to salt your walkways. Something Chris had simply refused to since he didn't have anyplace pressing to go and wasn't expecting anybody to come over.

That was probably the real reason why he was so cranky around the holidays not that he'd ever actually admit it to anybody. His work had moved him out from sunny southern California to snowy Maine, literally the closest person he could consider a friend was a little over a thousand miles away in Chicago. 

And that was only by using a fairly generous term for what a friend was, in reality Lara was a long time role play buddy stretching all the way back to the AOL chat rooms of lore, though these days they mostly played on the forums of Literotica. He'd seen pictures of her, they even exchanged gifts most years (this year he'd gotten her a PS4 with Assassin's Creed, her gift had yet to arrive, not that he'd open it until tomorrow morning.) spoken to her on the phone a handful of times but they'd never even met face to face. Every few years they would talk about how this was the year that they were finally going to meet face to face but that's all it really was. Talk. Neither one of them really meant it anymore than people really mean it when they say that this is the year that they intend to go backpacking around Europe. If you'd really intended to do it you wouldn't be talking about it, you'd be packing your bags and you'd just be there. 

"Stupid fucking snow." He grumbled. It was only five in the afternoon but it was already dark especially with the fat grey storm clouds that had swept in two days before and threatened to bury him and the entire north east beneath its angry snow. So he'd given himself permission to get into the rum and eggnog already and was settled in for a marathon of stupid Christmas specials on Cartoon Network. 

That was one thing that never seemed to suck about Christmas. Ever since he could remember he'd watch most of the same specials. Frosty the Snowman, Rudolph the Red-nosed Reindeer, He-Man and She-Ra Christmas special, Johnny Bravo Christmas and a personal favorite in Ernest Saves Christmas. They were fun to watch with the family, especially the kids who'd never seen them before and with older friends and family that honestly couldn't wrap their minds around the thirty two year old curling up with an oversized mug of hot cocoa (he had a recipe for 151 hot cocoa that would knock you on your ass and got him invited to lots of Christmas parties back home and kicked out of one when the kids had unknowingly gotten into it. He'd personally found it absolutely hilarious to be honest and had a bitch of a time not laughing) and settle in for hours and upon hours of cheesy Christmas stories. 

This year it just wasn't quite working and he suspected that part of it was the constant driving snow outside. It was just dreary and unending. "Whoever is dreaming of a white Christmas has either never had one or has a very good reason to appreciate being snowed in for days at a time. It wasn't a subject he was ever going to broach with his own parents but he'd long suspected that it might not be a coincidence that nearly every member of his family was born in late July through early September and they'd originally been New Yorkers. 

Chris quickly lost track of time, eventually the combination of rum and overall dreariness of the day drove him to a point where he was randomly passing in and out. It wasn't the way he would have chosen to spend the holidays but that was what he had to work with and the sooner the days went by the happier he'd be. 

The doorbell woke Chris up and he could only grumble looking at the time. It was barely nine in the morning. Way too fucking early for him to be up, too early for people to be coming to his house. It was Christmas morning, who the fuck would even be out? The doorbell chimed again. "I'm coming!" He shouted angrily pulling himself up from his spot sprawled out on the couch and pulling on a sweater. 

"Are you Chris Jacobson?" A delivery man dressed in the drab brown uniform of his company asked thrusting a clip board out. He was standing next to an enormous box. It was easily six feet tall. 

"Yes." Chris replied. The delivery man looked strangely familiar. Maybe if he wasn't still coming down off the rum nog from the night before, tired and cranky he might have recognized him but as it stood he was all of those things and getting cold as well so he scribbled his name onto the clipboard. 

"Good, where do you want it?" The man asked propping the box up on the dolly and pushing his way into the house. Not that Chris was fighting him. "Over by the tree would be fine I guess." Chris answered stepping away and motioning. 

"Alrighty-" The man said spinning to leave.

"Hold up." Chris dug his wallet out of his desk pulling out thirty bucks and handing it to the delivery man. "Nobody should be out in this shit and certainly not on Christmas. "Merry Christmas and have a good one."

"Merry Christmas to you too!" The man said before leaving and shutting the door behind him.

As soon as he found the return address Chris's face went from confused to completely baffled. What could Lara have possibly boxed that would be remotely this large. He'd actually assumed it was something from his folks, not that he was any clearer on what they'd send him that required a box big enough to make into a fort for an adult. The idea did seem strangely inviting. 

"Well I guess I'll get a knife and open this." Chris said walking to the kitchen to grab a knife.

When he came back the box had already opened itself somehow folding neatly in half almost like a door out of it. Before he had time to be confused his eyes wandered over to the tree where a leggy blonde was posed on her back. Fuck me black platform heels lead to green and white socks that ended just beneath the matching green boy shorts. Actually the socks were almost like beacons pointing straight at her pert rump. Her just more than a handful of breast was contained by in equally green bra that displayed her cleavage and she topped off the outfit with a green Santa styled hat. "Merry Christmas." Lara purred.

Chris could only stand and stare at her for almost a full minute. He honesty didn't believe what he was seeing and looked back at his bottle of eggnog rum. Half gone. "Okay, I'm probably just dreaming this whole thing and as dreams go well I don't think I'm going to be telling Lara that I fantasize about her." 

The blonde rolled over to her hands and knees crawling over to him. "Oh but I already know. Weren't you the one who said you always wished a girl would come to you as a gift-" her voice dropped to a husky whisper, "-and beg you to unwrap your present?"

"I might have said that." He looked around the room for a moment. 

Lara got up on her knees unfastening Chris's belt and sliding it out of the loops then undid his button before leaning up and taking the zipper in her teeth and tugging it down. "And did you say that you found me and I quote, ridiculously hot? And that you would wreck me given half a chance?"

"I think I was drunk when I said that." Chris replied. Lara didn't have to do anything, gravity did the work of taking pants down to the floor and leaving her at eye level with his cock which had all on it's own managed to slip through the opening in his boxers aiming itself insistently at her face. 

"You're always drunk." Lara retorted. As close as she was he could feel her breath on the head of his prick. "Besides that doesn't mean you were lying, it looks your. . .candy cane is eager for me to take a lick." She didn't wait for him to reply, she leaned forward pressing her lips to the crown. Then her tongue slithered out from between her cherry red lips coating the head with saliva. "It's bigger in person." She purred.

Chris's hands moved to his sides, then to the back of his head, back down to his sides unable to find an appropriate place to put then. Lara's bright blue eyes moved up to his. "Why are you being so shy? I know what you are." She grabbed his hands and buried them in her blonde tresses. Chris didn't argue with her at all, he just tightened his grip slightly. When Lara opened her mouth again Chris thrust in forcing himself straight to the back of her throat. She gagged and sputtered, but she didn't fight him. She just stared up at him lust burning brightly in her eyes. Her hands snaked around him grabbing digging her fingers into his fairly muscular buttocks and pulled him towards her. She was determined to get him all the way down her throat. After several tries she managed to press her nose down against his pubic bone. 

"Holy fuck." Chris growled keeping his hands in her hair. At this point it was nearly impossible to tell which of them was actually the aggressor. His fingers were twisted in her hair yanking her head down over and over again but she was just ass aggressively digging her nails into his ass and force feeding herself cock. Chris swore he could actually see the bulge in her throat where his cock was and it obviously didn't take long before he was getting close to coming and she didn't seem like she had any intention of stopping.

Lara didn't stop. She started moaning his cock and picked up the pace noisily gagging. Saliva oozed out of the corners of her mouth and down her throat to her breasts but she didn't stop even for an instant. He eyes stayed on his the entire time until Chris's warm semen erupted and oozed down her throat and even then she kept her lips sealed around him for several more moments before letting his now flaccid cock slip from her lips. 

"Merry Christmas." She swooned looking up at him. "Now you're going to make breakfast. French Toast will be fine." She wiped her mouth and looked up at him.

Chris dumbly nodded to both her question and her demand. This was definitely something he wouldn't mind becoming a holiday tradition.