 After Andy left, we both got a good nights sleep. But the morning brought more fun and a little surprise!

... Sunday morning could not come quick enough. As I headed in the kitchen to make some coffee, I heard the guest bathroom shower running. Annette was up and I am anxious to see her this morning. I put the grounds and the water into the machine and pushed BREW! I glanced outside and realized that I had not paid any attention to the weather this weekend and to my surprise the trees and shrubs were covered in ice and it appeared to be snowing, sleeting or something nasty out there.

While the coffee was brewing, I went back to the bathroom for a warm shower. As I soaped my body up, my dick was firm and happy! I took a long warm shower feeling alive again and anxious to see Annette again! 

"Good morning sunshine, how is my new favorite cock this morning?" She said as I walked in the kitchen. "You like your coffee with 2 sugars right?" Annette asked and handed me a warm cup! 

"We do certainly chat about a lot of things don't we? Have you looked outside, it does not look good for air travel today!" I said.

"Well yes I have, and I have a slight change of plans. All flights were cancelled today and to avoid spending all day at the airport I have already got my ticket for a Tuesday morning flight. The Monday flights were all booked. I got a couple more nights at the hotel I left Saturday." She said, not seeming too upset at the delay.

"Ok then, well I can bring you back over there whenever you would like me to. Lorie is driving the last bit home today but she won't be here until late and with the weather as it is, it may be very late." I said.

"No hurry sweetie... I bet we have time for a little more fun with just you and me right?" She said as she stood beside me smelling like heaven as before. 

I had on some pajama pants and a t shirt so she kneeled down in front of me, pulled the pants down to my ankles and instantly placed my semi hard dick in her mouth. She sucked it all in with one motion. Holding it deep inside her mouth we could feel it grow quickly. She just held it in and must have been rubbing her tongue around the shaft because what she was doing to me was incredible. 

"Oh shit baby, you just don't stop do you.... Oh damn that feels so good."

She then started to pump my member in and out of her mouth. Almost all the way out, then plunging deep in her throat. I put my hands softly behind her head and she started to bob her head so I took the hint and began to grab her head tightly and pull her in and deep on my cock. Over and over. She was gagging, moaning and her mouth was dripping juices down my leg as I fucked her face hard. She knew I was about to blow my juice and when I felt the first pangs of orgasm, Annette grabbed my ass and pulled me deep into her.

She held it there as my cock throbbed and pulsed and as it did, I was shooting several loads of hot cum deep down her throat. Still holding me tight against her she had one hand on her pussy. She did not have any panties on under her cotton soft long tee shirt. She took every pump oh my cum and after a few minutes of holding my dick in her lips she let go. 

"Oh damn that was the fastest and hottest blow job I have EVER had, thank you but now it's your turn." I told her.

Almost as my last drop of cum emptied down her throat, I picked her up from the waist, set her on the edge of the granite countertop. My head moved between her legs. Kissing her right thigh as I moved closer to her dripping pussy. I got to her clit and it was beautiful in the daylight. Things were a little dark last night. She was neatly trimmed with just a little dark brown patch right above her clit. It was obvious she was wet and ready.

My tongue first flicked across her pussy opening and she tasted great. So wet that my lips were dripping from contact. I moved up a little to her clit. Gently sucked it, nibbled a bit and ran my tongue up and down fast over her.

"Oh Will" she said out of breath. "Put two fingers in my pussy baby now.... Fuck me with them now please!"

While licking her clit, I slid two fingers in, palm up. Even with my fingers her pussy is SO tight. When I got them in as far as I could I wiggles them slightly. Well that didn't take long. Soon she was shaking her hips off of the counter and pushing down on my fingers.

"I'm cumminggggggg.... yes yes, oh shit baby. Ohhhhh yes yes" Annette said so loudly I hope the neighbors hadn't heard!

She tensed up for a second then jerked again and with that jerk and with my fingers still inside her pussy her juice flowed out all over my fingers and on to the countertop. It was not really a squirt but more of an overflow. Of course I licked it up, or what I could. Then I bent up, looked this beautiful sexy woman in the face and with my wet lips, I kissed her hard. Tongue and lips moving like crazy. We eventually slowed down to a soft intimate sexy gentle kiss.

"I love feeling and tasting my pussy juices on the mouth I am kissing. You are so much fun Will, that was a very intense orgasm, you did well my friend. That was so hot, and you know what is even hotter is when it's a woman kissing me with my pussy on her lips because I generally have her pussy wetness on my lips" 

We gathered up, cleaned up both ourselves and the counter! Sitting at the dining room table we talked about the next couple of days and the possibility of her meeting my wife. She has known all along that Lorie and I have a deal about playing outside our marriage. The deal is to tell the other in anything happens and while it may go very badly, I plan on telling her all about my weekend.

With any luck, the discussion will go well. Lorie is always incredibly horny when she is gone for a few days so hopefully she will be curious about this woman. I know Lorie has had girl on girl fantasies so we will see how far she would like to adventure. Annette and I were curious about the next step.

... to be continued