 Annie is simply the best wife any guy could ask for, and I have been blessed to be her husband for twenty years now. In that time, she has given me three beautiful children and a lifetime of love, excitement and adventure. 

We married at the tender age of twenty-two, and were so deeply in love. Despite messing around with some boys in high school, she had only ever really been with me. In fact, I was her first serious boyfriend. Even so, from the first time I sank my cock into her to this very day, our lovemaking has always been passionate and plentiful, which is the reason Annie got pregnant so quickly. It was only three weeks after the wedding that her fertile pussy, drenched in my cum, brought sperm and ovum together and made a baby-- a whole new person came into existence because of our love. Nothing in my life has ever been sexier than making a child with Annie.

I continued working my way through college, and eventually to law school. Throughout these years, we continued to fall deeper and deeper in love with each other. While most of our friends were getting divorces after seven years, we were fucking like rabbits in our tenth year, and had two more children to prove it. 

After several years at a prestigious firm in Cleveland, I was approached about running for city councilman. I was as surprised as anyone when I won. In fact, the only one who wasn't surprised was Annie. She had stood by me and encouraged me and even campaigned for me in town. Her amiable smile was always at the ready, and people came to love her. And I loved her even more deeply.

Last November, with my sweet Annie holding my hand, I watched the poll returns come in, announcing that I won a seat in the State House of Representatives. She was smiling broadly, her eyes sparkling.

"You did it, baby!" She said, tears of pride welling up n her eyes. My reply came quickly, 

"No, Annie, we did it, together. I love you so much."

Our twentieth anniversary was fast approaching, and I wanted nothing more than to give Annie a special gift to thank her for twenty years of love and support, but wasn't sure what to get. She was never into gold and diamonds, which she considered to be pretentious, and in fact, she wasn't really materialistic about anything. She had always put her stock into our relationship, saying again and again that our love and trust in each other was the most important thing in her life.

After much careful thought, I finally decided on the gift. This would be a gift of the things she desired most-- trust and love. After weeks of research, I put my plan into action, and booked a suite downtown. We went up to the room and got ready for our special evening. Annie went into the bathroom and came out minutes later wearing the most lovely black dress-- one that didn't hide the gorgeous curve of her hips, legs and ass.

"You look amazing!" I said, wide-eyed and open-mouthed. She was more beautiful than the day we married, and I loved her all the more.

"So do you, babe..." she said as she kissed me gently on the lips. "...and you smell incredible!"

My hands instinctively dropped down to her hips as she came in closer. She put her hand on my chin, opened my mouth and slowly inserted her tongue-- and made me feel like a teenager again. As she pressed up against me, she began to grind against the rapidly rising bulge in the front of my pants. It took a good deal of restraint, but I gently pushed her hips away, and kissed her tenderly on the forehead.

"Not so fast baby! We have the whole evening for this."

She gave a fake, but adorable little pout as she grabbed her purse and took my hand as we went for dinner. This was shaping up to be the perfect night. 

The restaurant was quite busy, but the food was great and so was the conversation. We talked about all we had done together, about how our kids have grown, and all the other wonderful memories of our marriage. We went other bar, and were having a few Martini's when Reg Franklin came up to us. 

"Bob, is that you?"

"Oh, hi, Reg, how are you doing? It's been a long time," I said as he came up and shook my hand.

"Reg, this my wife, Annie."

As Reg took in the view of my dear sweet wife, he reached for her hand, his strong, black fingers contrasting strongly against the creamy silkiness of her skin, and kissed it.

"It's an honor to meet such a beautiful woman. You're a very lucky guy, Bob."

"You don't need to tell me, I get to look at her every day."

She blushed, but playfully shrugged us off. We had a few drinks together as I explained to Annie that Reg was an intern at the Cleveland firm, and that he had worked with me on some fairly high-profile cases. We talked and drank for about an hour, and the whole time, Reg couldn't take his eyes off of Annie. He soon began flirting with her, and since I was laughing and having fun, Annie didn't seem too worried about it. In fact, I think she was actually starting to enjoy it.

Finally, as tipsy as we were, I said, "Say, Reg, I'd love to be able to catch up with you more, but we're celebrating our twentieth anniversary tonight, and it's getting late.

"Oh I'm sorry, I didn't mean to intrude." he said, with an honest look of concern in his dark eyes.

"It was no intrusion, Reg." It was Annie's sweet voice. "It was a real pleasure to get to know you."

I distinctively remember hearing an unusual emphasis on the word "pleasure." We said our good-byes and I led Annie back up o the suite. When the elevator doors closed behind us, I turned to her and asked, "Do you think Reg is sexy?"

She responded quickly, with a look of feigned shock. 

"Babe, I don't need anyone but you!"

"I know baby, but that isn't really what I asked you."

"Yes, I suppose."

"You suppose?"

"Yes, I think Reg is very sexy, are you happy?"

I smiled inwardly in response.

When we got to our room, I kept teasing her about Reg, and got bolder with my questions... "What do you think Reg looks like naked? Do you think Reg has a big dick?"

At first she tried to act disinterested, but the dirtier the talk got, the hotter she got. We ended up lying in the bed, still dressed but hot as fuck, as I held her from behind, kissing her neck and rubbing her cunt through her dress. She was moaning like mad, and I knew that now what the time to take a leap. I leaned forward and whispered in her ear, "Would you like it if Reg was rubbing your pussy?"

Her head snapped around and she looked at me in surprise. "Annie, it's okay. It's just the two of us, and this is just fantasy. I love you and just want you to feel good. It's okay." 

As I looked deeply into her eyes, she said one word. "Yes."

"Yes, what, Annie?"

Yes, I want Reg to touch me. Please let him touch me!"

"Like this?" I asked as I raised her dress and rubbed her panty-clad cunt.

"Not like that. I want Reg to touch me closer."

I slid my fingers under the wasteband of her silky panties, through her beautiful bush to the lips I knew so well. Lifting up her hood, I strongly but gently pushed against her very swollen clit. 

"Like that?"

"Yes, Reg. Just like that." She again opened her eyes and looked at me with concern. I knew this was new ground for her and she was unsure. I gave her a knowing smile and a nod of my head, and she soon was writhing in pleasure.

"Do you like it when Reg rubs your pussy?"

"Ooooo, yes! It feels so good," she said as she moaned.

"Are you going to come on another man's hand?"

"Yes, babe, I am! Is that okay with you?"

This is what our marriage is about. This is trust. This is intimacy. This is the kind of love that lasts forever-- Two people, husband and wife, sharing the deepest experience of passion and Eros.

"It's okay, Annie. I love you and always will." No sooner did I say that, then Annie's cunt began to quiver in my hand. I rubbed her throbbing clit and told her how beautiful she looked as Reg made her cum. That was all it took.

"Oh, God, he's making me come! Another man is making me come!"

"Let it happen baby. It's okay. You are so beautiful." She crested in an incredibly hard orgasm, lasting at least thirty seconds. It would be her first of many for the night.

I didn't let her rest long before the dress came off and I began sucking at her nipples. As I slowly worked my way down her tummy and to her legs, I asked, "Do you think Reg eats pussy?"

"I hope so," she sighed desperately.

"Do you want Reg to lick your cunt?"

"Lick me Reg. Taste my pussy! Kiss me!"

I was amazed and excited to see how hot and sexually powerful Annie was. Even after twenty years she keeps surprising me! I abruptly shoved my tongue as deep as I could into her cunt causing her to squirm and shriek with delight!

"Reg is tounging my pussy, honey! It feels so good! Do you like having another man's mouth on me, baby?" Of course, it was all I could do to give a muffled, "MmmHmm!" 

As I licked and sucked on her clit, she got closer and closer to the edge, telling me how good Reg was making her feel. Soon she was coming wildly, shouting, "Fuck, baby, I'm coming on his tongue! Oh, fuck, I love you!" Her face and chest were bright red, heaving with her thrusts against my face, when her juices poured out of her contracting cunt and into my mouth. 

"Does Reg eat pussy well?"

"Almost as well as you do," she said as she smiled.

We laid there for a while, whispering sweet, dirty nothings to each other. As we talked, we began to grind together. My cock was harder than I can remember, and was pressed firmly against Annie's hip. She looked at me thoughtfully and said, "This is stuff about Reg is just fantasy, right?"

"Of course it is. We're just having fun together. Why?"

"Because I want Reg to fuck me."

I was stunned. My beautiful faithful wife was being totally intimate with me, sharing her deepest desires. How could I disappoint her now? She closed her eyes as I moved between her legs. I rubbed the tip of my hard dick against her clit and said, "Is this what you want, Annie? Do you want another man's cock in you?"

"Oh, please let Reg fuck me honey! I'll love you forever, just please let me have this cock inside me!"

As I placed the head of my iron cock at her entrance, she moaned, "Oh, Reg, fuck my pussy! Please! Do it now!"

With that I plunged deep into her, pushing her knees against her chest as I penetrated her quivering folds. 

"Do you like feeling that black cock in your white pussy? Is he stretching you?"

"Oh, yes! It feels so good. His cock is so hard!"

She continued telling me how good Reg's cock felt and I kept banging her as hard and deep as I could. Before I knew it, she was getting close to coming all over my (or rather, Reg's) cock. 

"I think Reg is getting ready to come, baby! Shouldn't he pull out of you?"

"No, come in me Reg! Shoot your cum into my pussy! Oh, fuck your black come into me!"

"Another man is going to come in your pussy, Annie! No one but me has come in you!"

" I want his come, in my cunt! Please let him come in me!"

"It's okay babe. Take his come in you, let him come with you!"

With that, I shoved my cock as deeply as I could inside her and strong jets of cum shot into her grasping pussy. 

"Oh my God, he's coming in me! Reg is coming in my pussy," she cried as she crashed through another earth-shattering orgasm. 

After lying in bed for several minutes, I turned to her and asked, "Did you like getting fucked by Reg?"

"Yes, about as much as you liked watching Reg fuck me."

We laughed. It was true, we had both loved this new fantasy, and felt even closer and more intimate with each other for sharing it together. We talked and played with each other and had started kissing again, when a knock came at the door.

"I wonder who that could be," I said as I got up and put on a robe to answer the door.

To be continued?