 George, the Dean of Theology and Philosophy, aged 45, lived within walking distance of his college in a large detached house which he would not have been able to afford if it was not for income from a family trust. In fact, he was able to employ staff as required to maintain his lifestyle.

Ten years earlier he had employed Angus and Annie as gardener/handyman and cook/housekeeper; Angus died within a year of their employment but Annie remained. Four years George's junior, Annie was a dour woman, her clothing may have come from a Plymouth Brethren charity shop, her greying hair was tied back severely and she was a stranger to makeup, smiling, shoes with heels, and any kind of frivolity. 

However, she was dedicated to George, hardworking, reliable, an amazing cook and George couldn't imagine life without her.

Most weekends, Annie went off to stay with her sister leaving George to cope with the house but free to entertain faculty, students and friends many of whom stayed overnight. Although he had never married, George could be described as a serial monogamist in the girlfriend department and he often shared his bed over the weekend.

George and Annie had never exchanged a cross word until one fateful Monday morning when he heard a shriek from upstairs. Annie came down the stairs holding a wastepaper basket which she thrust at George for inspection.

"Look what I found in the back bedroom, there's been some disgraceful behavior going on in my absence over the weekend, I don't know that I can continue my employment in this house of sin."

At the bottom of the wastepaper basket George saw a used and knotted condom.

"So that's what all the fuss is about? What exactly is the problem?"

"How do I know what sort of parties you have here at the weekend, unmarried students fornicating for all I know?"

"For all you know it might have been a visiting Bishop and his legally married wife. Whoever it was could have done a better job of disposing of the evidence."

Annie huffed and said she would take some convincing that she was not working in a house of ill repute, and stormed off to resume her work.

Later that evening, George was reading in his favourite arm chair when he heard a tap at the sitting room door. Annie came in with tea for two on a tray. 

"I owe you an apology for my silly behaviour today. I've made tea but I'll take mine to my room if you have seen enough of me for one day."

"Please have a seat, let me pour," offered George. "Now, what does my most indispensable person have on her mind?"

"Well I made an awful fuss today about something that was none of my business but I do think the world is going to ruin with all this premarital you-know-what I read about in the papers. It's all so unbiblical."

"You are quite entitled to your views but I can correct you on your biblical knowledge. Trust me, there's not a word in there about premarital sex."

He continued, "I do admit there are a lot of warnings regarding fornication but that is defined in a numbers of ways. Theologians have various interpretations and definitions."

"My God is a happy god and he wants us to have joy in our hearts. I might be wrong about my beliefs but I'm betting on my interpretation. The things I stay well away from include the sackcloth brigade and those with fanatical fundamentalist views that are not open to discussion," finishing his little sermon.

Annie smiled a little, which was unusual. They both stood up, George approached her and took her hands, leaned forward and kissed her on both cheeks.

Annie colored up and smiled even more, "You know only a short time ago I would have recoiled from you if you attempted to kiss me or even hold my hand. Your advice is enlightening and those kisses went through me like an electric shock. I don't know what is happening, can I beg you for another kiss, this time on the lips."

George complied with the request and they spent the rest of the evening holding hands on the sofa with very little conversation, but feeling mutually contented, until Annie retired to her room.

George had been in his bed for thirty minutes when there was a gentle knock on the door. Of course, it could only have been Annie, so he called her in.

"I'm so sorry to disturb you, but I'm not going to sleep a wink until I have clarified a few thoughts."

"Sit down on the edge of the bed, if you wish, and talk your heart out," and George patted the spot where she was to sit.

"I have led a very sheltered life dominated by opinionated and dogmatic people. My late husband was a wonderful man but sadly lacking in the romance department. On Friday night, I would turn the lights off in our bedroom, he would say, (Annie changed her soft Scottish accent to full blown Glaswegian to imitate Angus) 'lift ye linen lass' and I would haul up my full length nightgown so he could get on top of me and relieve himself."

"I can't believe I told you that but it represents everything I know about sex, romance and relationships." Annie started to sob and was inconsolable.

George held her hands until the sobbing stopped and then asked her if she would like to be kissed again.

"I can't believe I'm in a man's bedroom, sitting on his bed, but I can't resist your kisses."

Separated by the bedclothes, George's pyjamas and Annie's night dress, they kissed until they fell asleep. Neither could remember how it happened but they woke up under the covers in the morning, Annie's nightdress was on the floor.

The next morning, a very cheerful Annie served George his breakfast and asked if she could spend the morning in town for errands and shopping. 

George told her that he had to leave the house in ten minutes and was talking the train to give a lecture at another college, she could do as she pleased; he was quite sure that the house wouldn't fall down while they were both gone.

Getting home at seven that evening, George was flabbergasted. There was a new Annie in the kitchen with her hair down and resplendent in new, fashionable clothing. 

"Are you going to introduce yourself and whoever you are, will you marry me?"

"Very funny, you would make a reasonable comedian but hang on to your day job for now. I went to a clothing store and told them I needed to transition slowly to better clothing so as not to shock too many folks. Same at the hairdresser, one step at a time."

"Very wise, where do you fancy for our honeymoon, somewhere hot, the Mediterranean, a cruise, I'll let you choose but can we stay away from cathedrals and museums for the most part?"

"One day someone will take your banter seriously George and that will get you in to a heap of trouble," Annie using his first name rather than Mr. for the first time ever.

"I'm having an early night about nine Annie; will you be in for a kiss?"

"If you try to keep me from my kisses I will cause that door some serious damage," Annie surprised herself with her forwardness.

Annie walked in the George's room without knocking. He turned down the covers to invite her to the bed. The previous night her robe and night dress looked like prison camp issue but now she was just wearing fairly short, translucent and delicate night wear.

"Make a wish!" invited Annie.

"I want to see you naked with the lights on."

Annie wriggled out of her night dress and tossed it on the floor, reached to turn on a lamp, but kept the covers up to her neck. 

George ducked under the covers to explore her body, first he passionately kissed her breasts, "You did come in for a kiss, didn't you?"

He moved down and applied his kisses to her clitoris and lapped hungrily in the grooves between her inner and outer labia. 

"No point in preserving my modesty now, "Annie said as she threw down to covers to display her body in all her glory."

"Who did you say you were?" George asked, trying to reconcile the beauty before him with the image of his frumpy housekeeper.

Annie took hold of his cock and gave it a few kisses, "You are going to have to show me what to do with this, I always thought that oral sex was talking about it."

"Perhaps I should look for a tasteful porn video, if there is such a thing, to demonstrate the key elements of giving blow jobs, but I don't want to rush you. Who would have thought just hours ago that we would be discussing or practising fellatio and cunnilingus?"

"I've so much to learn, now let's cuddle and kiss."

George suddenly stopped kissing and fondling Annie, "I'm in, my cock is in your pussy, it slipped in on its own, you are well lubricated, oh, this feels so good." 

Recovering from his surprise he settled in to a slow thrusting motion and resumed the kissing and exploration of her body.

"I don't know what my Angus did wrong but I found intercourse a painful bother; you feel like you belong in there."

"The key to this is communication, something a little more than, 'lift your linen, lass,' if you are uncomfortable or not having fun say so and we will change what we are doing."

"I think you are so skillful and so considerate that I am guaranteed a fun and pleasant time but I'll keep the communication up too.

"When we are married, Annie my sweet, people are going to assume we have been sleeping together since you were widowed."

"They can think whatever they want, I have had enough of conforming to other people's expectations, now is that cock of yours ready for another round or do I have to get my lips round it to stand it to attention?"