 Jill woke up on Monday morning to no noise in the house. This was strange because her kids usually woke her at 6am by jumping on her bed. She rolled over and found a note from her husband, John. The note informed her the kids were at her moms. It also gently commanded her to go downstairs when she woke up.

She proceeded to get out of bed and walk downstairs nude. After all, the kids weren't home. She found John sitting equally nude at the kitchen table with a full breakfast spread put out. 

"Enjoy baby," he said," because we won't be eating again until tonight." 

Jill dug in. Afterwards, John picked her up and carried her to the bathroom. He set her down on the toilet and began running a hot bubble bath for his beautiful Jill. It had been 15 years since he last did this for her. He had her stand in front of him as he looked at her beautiful naked body. Her long dark hair and heart shaped face with hazel eyes and lips he wanted to kiss the rest of his life. He saw her large D cup breasts. Her nipples hardened as he looked at her with lust in his eyes. 

He walked up to her and kissed her passionately on the lips. She wrapped her arms around his neck. Then, he lifted her up by her ass. She wrapped her legs around his lean, strong waist, and let him carry her to the bath.

He set her in the tub, and got in behind her. He washed her hair, then started to wash her neck and shoulders. He scrubbed her back. Then, he gently soaped up each of her breasts while playing with her nipples. Next, he washed her stomach. He let his hands slip beneath the water and found her soft folds. He opened her up, and started moving his fingers in slow circular motions on her clit. He let two fingers slide inside her tight pussy, while still moving his thumb on her clit. 

Her breathing grew heavier and she opened her legs to him. When she reached her orgasm; she rolled over and began stroking his large cock. He sat on the edge of the tub with his legs open wide. She took him into her mouth all the way to the back of her throat. She began to suck him while gagging around his huge member. She kept going until he pulled her up out of the tub, and set her on the edge of the tub with her legs open wide. She held onto the tub while he proceeded to lick her gorgeous pussy. She let out a small moan as another orgasm washed over her. He licked it all up as her juices flowed from her in steady waves. He continued making her come with his mouth until she cried out," Fuck me please!"

He sat back down on the edge of the tub, and sat her on his lap. His large dick instantly went into her tight pussy. She proceeded to ride his massive length with his hands on her hips. He slammed her onto him over and over; hitting her g-spot repeatedly. She finally came hard on his cock. She leaned her head against his shoulder and let him continue to move her up and down on him until he slammed her on his cock one last time. She felt his come spurting inside her; causing his dick to twitch uncontrollably. She moved off of his lap and laid back in the tub. Her muscles felt like jelly. 

John lifted Jill out of the tub, and carried her to their bed. Jill dozed off instantly. She was exhausted from her multiple orgasms and amazing fuck in the tub. 

John went downstairs and cleaned up the breakfast mess while his lovely wife slept. He'd let her sleep for now. He had another surprise for her later. 

John cleaned the house, made a few phone calls, and took two glasses of water upstairs for himself and Jill. He set her glass on her night stand, then took a long drink from his own glass.

Jill woke up again. She sat up, found her water, and guzzled it down very quickly. She put her glass back down and turned over. She laid on John's chest. He began to rub her back. 

"Did you enjoy your nap," he asked.

"Yes," she replied.

Jill became instantly wet again. This time, John turned Jill onto her stomach and began kissing his way down her beautiful back. He got to her gorgeous plump bottom, and began licking her asshole and pussy . 

"Mmmmm," Jill said," That feels so fucking good."

"Then you'll love this baby," he replied.

He then stuck his finger into his mouth and got it wet. He stuck his finger into her asshole and fucked her with it. She moaned and begged for more.

"Fuck my ass, John. Please," she moaned. 

John happily obliged. He pulled his finger out of her, and put some lube onto his dick. He grabbed her hips and slowly pushed into her ass. Once he was balls deep, he began to move in and out of her ass slowly. His pace picked up in no time at all. Jill moaned into her pillow until he started going very hard and fast. She began screaming his name.

"Yes John! Yes.... fuck my ass. Fuck me. Yes! Ooohh! Fuck fuck fuck me John," she yelled. 

"You like your ass fucked by my large cock," he taunted.

"Yes," she moaned breathlessly.

He fucked her harder and faster. Before long, he shot another load into her ass. He pulled out, and watched his cum seep out of her asshole. He licked it up. 

They both laid back, exhausted. 

"Happy anniversary," he said," I love you."

"I love you too," she replied," Happy anniversary."