 It was Sarah and I's anniversary and we decide that we would do an early dinner that would lead to an early dessert. We get ready in separate parts of the house because she wants it to be like a date. I am ready and sitting on the couch when I get the text from the bedroom that she is ready and heading out. She opens the door and walks around to where I am waiting and WOW, is all I can think. Sarah has a black dress that is tight and forming at the top and hugs her hips before relaxing. Her 36C breasts are standing high and wanting attention, which is unusual for Sarah. She has beautiful breasts and I always try to get her to show them off, well tonight is the night. Her legs are look long because her dress is well above the knee. I can't help myself as I pull her in tight for a kiss that feels like fireworks and causes my dick to twitch. 

She gives my throbbing cock a little tug and says, "Let's go before we get in trouble."

We start the night early with a nice dinner. We have a nice booth in a corner that leaves us semi-secluded. Our booth gives us lots of privacy and the advantage of viewing anyone coming to our table. Our dinner goes well with lots of kisses and whispers of how turned on we both were. We have been married for over 10 years and we still act like newlyweds. There is always a sexual pressure between us and we love pushing each other further.

As we sit in our booth waiting for dessert, I slide my hand up her leg softly caressing the inside of her thigh. Sarah is not playing hard to get tonight and moves her legs apart just slightly inviting my hand to caress her higher. I receive her invitation and glide my fingers further until I find the soft lips of her vagina. Somehow, I had missed the fact that she was not wearing anything below her dress. Her pussy is freshly shaved and smooth as silk. I slowly slide a finger gently in between her lips and take a long soft stroke. Sarah buries her face into the pocket of my neck and bite her hand to keep from moaning. As my finger finishes its tour, I retrieve my finger to my lips, so I can taste her sweetness. Right on time, I can see our waiter coming with dessert. I give Sarah a little warning, just so she can catch her breath and not be startled.

A beautiful strawberry shortcake dish arrives, but I know there is no way that it can be as sweet as the glaze I just tasted from Sarah's pussy. We feed each other slowly, whispering dirty messages with each bite. Sarah scrapes the last of the dessert on to the fork and slowly moves the bite to my lips. She glides her empty hand across the crotch of my pants, finding my semi-rigid cock and squeezing it as I bite down on the dessert. The pleasure nearly causes me to inhale the dessert and she just giggles as she holds her grip. She releases after I am finally capable of swallowing. 

We ask for the check, needing to vacate the premises before the remaining guest get a show. Thankfully I had to wait on the waiter to swipe my card because my cock would have been sticking out through my pants. As we make our way home, we are still rubbing on each other, kissing every time the car stops. Driving our need for each other's body higher every minute it takes. As we approach an empty red light, Sarah pulls her dress up and I get my first glimpse of her beautiful shaved pussy. Sarah slides her hand down and uses her fingers to spread her lips. She slides two fingers into her soaked pussy for a second giving a little moan and moves her fingers to her tongue, so she can get a taste of her pussy. 

She looks at me and says, "I had to have a taste, now get me home." She continues to rub her pussy the rest of the drive home. 

As we get home, we take a second to go separate bathrooms and clean up a little. The moment I exit the bathroom Sarah is attacking my clothes. Her lips lock onto mine as she is unbuttoning my shirt and begins to rip it down off my shoulders. I start pulling the sleeves down and she begins kissing my chest and biting my nipples. With my shirt off and hands free, I pull her up to kiss and cup her by the ass. I lift her off the ground by her ass and she wraps her legs around my waist. I carry her into the bedroom and ease her onto the bed. 

"Take your pants off, I need your cock in me" Sarah demands. 

She pulls her dress off and bares her breast to me. She lies back and pulls me forward. I quickly dive between her legs wanting to taster her again. 

I barely get a taste, just 2 laps up and down her vagina with my tongue before she pulls me up and says, "I need you in me now." 

Not one to disobey, I climb above her and begin to aim my dick at her pussy. The moment my dick finds the entrance, her legs wrap me and pull me in full length. My cock easily glides into her slippery and soaked pussy. The immediate feeling of wet, hot and tight knocks the breath out of both of us. We hold still as we compose ourselves, needing this to last a little longer.

When our breathing returns, I begin to make long soft strokes into her pussy. Sarah does not release her leg grip on me and pulls me in if I am taking too long to thrust back in. She holds me in her as she grinds against me, moaning loudly. I can feel every pulse of her pussy around my cock as she is cumming. She releases her grip allowing me to begin my thrust. With each thrust, I glide my dick out till my tip is just at her entrance and slide back in. This causes her pussy to gush as my balls begin to slap against her. Her juices are draining down my balls and the pressure inside me starts to grow.

Our moans get in sync and grow loud in the room as we can feel each other's orgasm climbing. I begin pounding my dick into her pussy causing our bodies slam against each other with a loud smack. The pressure is to much as my body convulses and my cock begins to erupt inside of Sarah's smoldering pussy. Our moans turn to grunts then to roars as we climax with each other. Sarah pulls me into her and pulls my body down on her. She loves the weight of me on her after a huge orgasm and I don't think I could hold myself up anymore.

We lay like this until we have enough energy to move. As my soft cock slides out, we notice how soaked we are. Our juices have soaked us and the bed. Sarah rolls over to the side table and grabs a towel to clean up a little. We make our way to the bathroom where we wash up in the sink. Sarah sits on the toilet to pee. I begin sliding by her and she grabs my soft penis and gives it a little shake. 

"How long till he's ready to go again?" she whispers. 

"That's up to you." 

Without hesitation, she pulls me into her mouth and tastes the last drips of my cum. 

She looks up at me and says "Tasty, will this help." 

"Most definitely." 

She holds my soft dick in her mouth and begins to roll her tongue around the entire thing slowly. She is not in a hurry, she is moving slow and sensual, and that's a good thing. The feeling is amazing.

As her tongue is rolling around my dick, she moves a hand down to her clit and starts to slowly rub in small circles. As she rolls her tongue around my dick, she moves a hand down to her clit and starts to slowly rub in small circles. Her mouth is hot and soft; her moans are acting like a vibrator sending ripples through my soft dick. She pulls on the tip of my dick with her lips attempting to stretch it out. She sucks in pulling my dick through her lips and my dick gives her a pulse of approval. She starts working me through her lips faster as she works her clit faster. Her moans are growing as she reaches a small climax and swallows my growing dick. She rests her mouth against my body with me growing towards her throat. She slides her tongue out licking the bottom of my shaft and my cock reaches its full potential and she presses it further into her throat.

She slowly releases her mouths grip from my full-size cock, not as hard, but she likes it this way because it slides down her throat easier. She stands and pushes me into the bedroom where she lies on the bed. She motions me around the bed, so I am standing closer to her head. She pulls me down for a long-wet kiss. When our lips release I move down to her breast where I give them ample attention with my tongue. She pushes me further over her and I kiss my way down to her soaking pussy and finally I get what my taste buds have been yearning for. Sarah moves her head between my legs, we are in sixty-nine position with me on top.

My tongue begins lap at her pussy tasting the combination of both our juices, sweet and salty. Then I feel her wet mouth on my balls and her soft hands begin stroking my cock. This causes me to bury my face into her mound and thrust my tongue into the opening of her pussy. I grab her legs and fold them forward aiming her pussy up towards me. I begin thrusting my tongue in and out of her pussy slowly at first. Then shock number two hits me as she swallows my cock down her throat and begins to throat fuck herself. I thrust my tongue in as far as I can reach rolling it around in circles. I can taste our juices and it's wonderful. I come up for breath and can hear Sarah gasp for air for only a moment before she continues her own abuse with my cock. She claws her nails into my ass forcing me to thrust into her mouth and throat even deeper. She moans as I begin to pump her throat with my dick while fucking her pussy with my tongue. She begins to buck and quiver. Her moans are shaking my balls. In an instant her pussy is squirting across my face and this elation causes me to thrust into her mouth and pussy even faster. Her legs collapse, and I slide out of her mouth and roll over on the bed. She catches her breath and ask me how that was. 

"Fucking amazing" 

As I climb off the bed, my cock has been re-energized and I grab her legs and pull her towards me. I hold her legs in the air while I push my cock into her dripping pussy with ease. Without hesitation, I begin pounding into her pussy causing her juices to make wet smacks. She claws at the bed as she begins to scream with pleasure. I am holding her ankles and pull her legs apart in a 'V' to give me a beautiful view of her swollen pussy lips swallowing my dick. She begins to buck against me as I pound into her pussy and she screams with pleasure. Her pussy releases a fresh flow of cum around my cock. I slow my thrust and squeeze her legs together creating extra grip between her thighs. I use long slow strokes to allow her to catch her breath. Once she is recovered, I spread her legs again and she moves a hand down to my cock. She gives me a little squeeze as I pump into her and she begins to slide a finger in between her lips and my dick. With each pump she slides her fingers a little deeper causing extra pressure. I pull my dick all the way out and she slides two fingers into her pussy and pulls me in with her legs. I slide into her wet pussy, now made tighter by the new companions to her love opening. The feeling of her pussy stretching causes her to squirt through her fingers.

I slide my hard cock out and roll her over onto all fours. I climb behind her and she has her hand ready and guides my cock in and strokes it as I begin to pound into her. She glides two fingers again around my cock and into her pussy as my cock begins its re-entry. As my cock moves deeper, the pressure grows against the walls stretching her pussy. Sarah screams with pleasure as she bucks back into me. I hold myself deep in her, feeling her pussy pulse and stroke on my cock. My balls begin to tighten as I begin to pump into her with force. Sarah strokes her fingers into her pussy with every stroke of my cock. Our screams grow in unison and our bodies smacking together sound like fireworks until both of us explode, causing our juices to mix again and fill the room with the scent of pure sex.