 Ch 3; A look back

I was loving my wife's seemingly "new found" sense of adventure. We had certainly never been as adventurous as we had been in the last few days. Thinking back on our life together however, I started to realize, that there were hints of her enjoyment of "exhibitionist" type behavior that I was probably simply too blind to notice much earlier in our life. Putting all the pieces together now however, I began to realize even things from decades ago began to make more sense. 

We had met one summer and spent a great deal of time together. The summer ended however and we both had to go back to our respective lives, hundreds of miles apart. I was still a college student and she was finishing her senior year in HS. At her request, and with no argument from me, I flew out to see her during my week off from classes. One of the things she asked her parents for at Christmas was a plane ticket for me to come see her. I was pretty blown away that she would have asked THEM to pay for me to come to her.  She was obviously very smitten and I had become the same way over time.  I had missed seeing her at Christmas and had missed her 18th birthday as well. The chance to spend a week with her and her family was certainly a good way to spend my break as far as I was concerned.   

She was a FANTASTIC student so her parents gave her permission to miss a day or two of classes to spend time with me while I was there. Since we had been dating for almost a year by then, her parents allowed me to stay in her room at night. I thought it unusual and very "open minded" but Amber explained her mom's point of view. She had told her she knew if we were going to be having sex, staying in two different rooms would not stop that. Of course sleeping in her room every night managed to turn into making love every night which was wonderful after trying to carry on a long distance relationship for the better part of a year. We had to be quiet, and it was certainly not wild passionate sex, but simply being with her in any way I could was wonderful. Even just laying beside her each night, reveling in her sweet smell was a bliss I might never get enough of. 

The second day I was there, she stayed home from school and we slept in a bit. When we got up, we had some breakfast and she had planned for us to go do some shopping later that afternoon with her mom when she got home from work. Her Dad was gone on a LONG day of work and wouldn't be back till late that night so we had the house to ourselves. I told her I was going to get a shower and asked her to join me. She agreed with a little grin on her face. With no chance of being interrupted, we both felt a freedom we had not known since we had started dating. We soaped each others bodies, playing and laughing as we did. Her body was INCREDIBLE. We had made love several times, but it was NOT often I had been able to look at this INCREDIBLE specimen of feminine beauty. Her breasts, full and yet still pert with perfectly sized nipples, a slender waist that led to the finest ass I had ever seen... Just a bit larger than you'd expect for most girls as petite as her but perfectly rounded and enticingly shaped. We toyed with each others bodies and the soap, running our hands deliciously over each other, laughing and joking as we played. As we finished truly cleaning ourselves, I slipped my hands in between her legs and stroked her pussy lips.... she gazed into my eyes for a moment, closing them with the pleasure as my fingers explored her folds.  She reached down and grabbed my other hand. Pulling it to her mouth, as my fingers teased her folds, she slipped one of my fingers into her mouth and began seductively licking and sucking on my finger. With a groan of pleasure, I pulled my finger from her mouth, put my hands on her shoulders and smiled at her... as she opened her eyes, she knew exactly what I wanted... she slowly sunk to her knees, running her hands down my torso and softly caressing my cock and balls as she reached bottom. 

She settled herself onto the floor of the shower and began licking at the tip of my cock. She was an incredible fellattrix, most often pursing her full lips and running her lips along the bottom of my cock while slipping her tongue out to tease and tickle me till I would explode. She began her slow delicious blowjob, using her hands to caress my sack. As she looked up at me with those beautiful doe shaped eyes, she ran her tongue agonizingly slowly up the length of my shaft... pausing to tease the underside of the head as she reached the top. I shuddered with the pleasure she was creating for me. She ran her lips and tongue up and down my shaft repeatedly, before finally opening her lips and taking my cock completely in her mouth. She had always shown hesitation to take me in this way fearful of me thrusting to deep in her mouth and gagging her. That had been a problem for her with her first sexual partner who had no concern for scaring or hurting her. This time with me however it seemed there was no limit. I asked if she was sure and she looked at me with those loving eyes.

"I want to" 

As she lowered her mouth back over my shaft, I melted. 

I grabbed her head as gently as I could with my hands and slowly began thrusting into her mouth. Seeing my cock disappearing into her mouth was amazing. As she pulled away each time, I got a glimpse of her perfect breasts slowly gliding back and forth as she worked me in and out of her silken mouth.  Sliding back and forth between her lips was such an incredible experience but I couldn't get out of my head my concern not to hurt her or gag her. I didn't want to scare her. I was holding myself back for fear I'd lose myself in thrusting and start fucking her mouth like I did when thrusting into her pussy. I didn't want to lose control of my self and hurt her. I let her continue for a while but realized I needed to put an end to it as I was never going to climax worried about her. I pulled her to her feet and she began to cry 

"I'm sorry I'm not good enough"..... 

I tried to explain to her that it wasn't her, but she was almost inconsolable at first. We dried each other and went to her bedroom where we made VERY sweet love to each other. I laid her down on her bed and kissed the tears from her face. Nuzzling into her neck, I began kissing her breasts and the tops of her hips before slipping lower and began licking her thighs and the sweet wetness from the lips of her pussy.

"Does that feel good?" 

As I looked up to see her reaction, I was HORRIFIED to see her begin crying again. I was dumbfounded, wondering what I did wrong. 

"I'm sorry, I shouldn't be crying. It's just that no one I've ever been with has ever cared about how I felt, it was always about him". 

With that knowledge, I was bound and determined that she would know pleasure she had never known before, as often as I could provide it. 

I slowly licked and caressed her folds with my tongue. Teasing her lips open, I began to slowly focus on her clit. Licking slowly, circling her point of pleasure, teasing slowly, gently. I wanted to be as gentle as possible, but I also wanted to be sure to push her over the edge with my mouth. She reached for my arms to pull me on top of her. 

"Not yet.... just relax and enjoy yourself, this one is for you"

She resisted at first, but I was insistent and I wanted her to know pleasure of her own. She finally relaxed and let me continue. I was licking and kissing her thighs, teasing her lips open again. I started licking at the base of her lips, and stroked all the way to the top, stroking slower as I reached the top and focusing on her clit. Several more strokes like that coaxed a gentle moan of pleasure from her. I reached up and gently caressed her breasts with on hand, slowly kneading her nipple between two fingers. I focused my efforts more on her clit, flattening my tongue and caressing gently, but with ever increasing pressure. I felt her breathing begin to get ragged and her legs begin to tense... As I felt the beginning of her orgasm, I flattened my tongue and began rolling it back and forth over her lips. She tensed and began to buck slightly with her hips against my face. I buried myself in her folds as her orgasm shuddered through her body. She tensed completely and a small cry caught in her throat as she grabbed my head with her hands. She slowly came back to earth, her breasts heaving as she tried to catch her breath. As she began to recover, she pulled me quickly on top of her and we made VERY sweet love. I was intentionally taking it slowly at first, but I could not hide my passion for this beautiful young woman who was changing my life.  As our bodies slowly rocked together, I finished inside her reveling in the way her tight body made me feel. 

We hung around the house the rest of the morning, venturing out only to get some of her favorite donuts for a late breakfast treat, something I felt like I had already had that morning. We sat together in her dad's oversized Lazy boy, cuddling and watching a movie. We ate some lunch and she told me she'd need to start getting ready to go when her mom got off work. I told her I was simply going to hang out and watch some more TV. I got up and moved to the couch so I could lay down while she went to make herself even MORE beautiful than she already was. After a few minutes she came back in. I was sitting on the couch watching something on TV. She had a strange look in her eye. She had already on her makeup and hair and was dressed in a cute little outfit very obviously ready to go shopping. I watched as she came over and sat down at my feet on the floor in front of the couch leaning against my legs. She was simply beautiful in every way. Her gorgeous red hair felt great as it brushed against my leg. We watched the TV show I had been watching for a few more minutes and then I felt her hands reach for the top of my right knee. She spread my legs and slid inside the spread of my thighs.  She kissed my knees and let her hands tease the inside of my thighs. I laughed 

"Damn you are just insatiable aren't you" 

She just giggled and stroked my cock through my shorts with her fingertips 

"Doesn't seem like you mind too much" she said with a mischievous grin on her face. 

This incredible, beautiful, amazingly hot redheaded woman wanted my body and I certainly was more than happy to oblige. She continued teasing me as we watched TV. She slid her hands up inside the legs of my shorts and stroked my cock and teased my balls with her fingertips. After a long while of her teasing me, the program we had been paying attention to ended and she turned to face me on her knees. She grinned as she loosened the belt on my shorts and pulled my khaki shorts down. She removed the tight jockey shorts that had restrained my cock till this point and it bobbed to attention just in front of her face. She laughed and pushed it back and forth with her fingertips laughing at me as she did 

"You wouldn't be the least bit excited by all this would you?"

"Just a little bit but that should be obvious to you" I chuckled

She grasped my cock with her hand and reached out to lick just the tip with her tongue... I closed my eyes and was in heaven as she once again took the head of my cock in her mouth. She swirled her tongue around the head and slowly took as much as she could in her mouth. Pulling me out of her mouth, she slipped lower and licked down my shaft to my balls. She teased my balls with her fingertips as she slowly turned her head sideways again and pursed her lips... I knew what was coming and it was still a shock as her lips began to slide up my shaft, her tongue darting out to lick and lubricate as she tortuously slowly slid her mouth up my cock. This delicious torture continued for a few minutes. We had to be a strange sight were anyone else to see. Me sitting on her couch, nude from the waist down and wearing nothing more than a T shirt, her fully clothed, hair done, makeup on with her mouth wrapped around my cock. 

I slipped my ass further to the edge of the couch to give her better access. She licked up and down my shaft and tickled my balls and thighs with her fingertips. As she slid back down my cock the next time, she never stopped, slowly licking my balls while her hands held my shaft up out of her way.... she lifted my cock with one hand and with the other hand pushed my balls higher as she dipped lower. She used her tongue to lick the underside of my sack and teased my perineum... NO girl I had ever been with dared to go there, but she had. I almost came merely from the idea that she would do that, and then from the pure pleasure she was giving me. My body was on fire for her. I groaned and told her over and over what an incredible lover she was being. 

She had always been averse to me coming in her mouth. I felt like I had to warn her 

"If you keep that up, you are going to make me come all over you"

"Isn't that the idea?" she said as she smiled back up at me.  

With a wicked little grin on her face, she began working my cock back inside her mouth and sliding me deep inside. I'm sure my eyes were rolling back inside my head as all I could do was simply lay back and enjoy this incredible woman on her knees at my feet pleasuring me as she had never done before. 

I glanced at the clock and realized it was almost four o'clock, time for her mom to be home. 

"We have to finish this..... your mom is going to be home any minute and catch us like this"

She took my cock out of her mouth and licked it from base to tip again with her tongue... as she reached the top of my cock with her tongue... she looked me dead in the eyes, 

"I don't care " 

The look of pure lust in her eyes was INCREDIBLE. With her lips still poised at the tip of my cock, she slowly swallowed my cock back into her mouth and began using her lips and tongue up and down the bottom of my cock again, KNOWING she was driving me crazy. 

At that point in my life, I had NEVER felt so completely loved and accepted by a woman. Not only was she doing things for me that I knew were not her favorite, but she didn't care who saw her, wanting to finish the blowjob she was giving, knowing her mom might walk in at any moment. As delicious as it felt, I HAD to stop her. She might not care if her mom caught her with me nude on the couch, my cock in her mouth, but I DID. 

Despite her protests, I grabbed her by the hand and led her to her bedroom where we had VERY hot sex. In complete contrast to the gentle lovemaking earlier that day, I was POUNDING into her. She wrapped her legs around my waist and began thrusting against me bringing my climax even quicker than I would have wanted. Exploding into her with an orgasm that sent shockwaves throughout me, I slammed into her body over and over, losing myself in the passion she had ignited in me. 

As we lay in the afterglow, moments after leaving the living room, we heard her mom at their front door. We both quickly slipped some clothes back on and sat down on her bed greeting her mom when she came in. Amber acted as if nothing was going on, but as she went back into the bathroom to get ready for their shopping trip, I noticed how trashed her hair was and crumpled the shirt she had on was.....  As I walked back into the living room, I realized, my shorts and underwear were laying beside the couch.... Her mom had to know, but at least Amber seemed not to care and her mom never said a word. 

Looking back now, the "exhibitionist" side of that entire encounter seems so obvious to me.  In my early 20's, I wasn't paying attention to anything other than the beautiful young woman who I was falling in love with. What was igniting her passion for me didn't really matter. It would be many years later before I recognized this as the first sign in a series of things that lead me to believe she might enjoy the idea of others seeing her in some kind of sexual way. Whatever it was, I knew I liked it.... and I still do.