 It had been a long, difficult period of time for April and her husband Jack. They had endured some tumultuous situations that had nearly ended their marriage. Now, with their anniversary only a week away, things were finally beginning to look up.

Jack had recently received a substantial pay increase, which had alleviated some of their financial concerns. But it hadn't really been their finances that had caused them most of their problems; it had been their overall relationship.

April still loved her husband. And she was certain that he was still very much in love with her as well, but the fact they hadn't really been intimate with one another in quite some time now was beginning to wear on April emotionally. As was natural for her to do, she began entertaining fantasies. Nothing she would ever act on, but thoughts that she began daydreaming about, wondering.

Somewhat to her surprise, a few days later they were laying in bed together having made love for the first time in weeks. Although it had been satisfying, certainly needed, that 'edge' was still there, telling April that the hoped for excitement had been slightly less than she'd wanted to experience after all this time. 

She and Jack often talked afterwards. One of the things April had missed and enjoyed whenever they'd finished making love. Often, their pillow talk turned sexy, leading them into a continuation of their coupling.

"You know April, our 11th anniversary is coming up in a few weeks," Jack began.

April wasn't surprised that he remembered, he was always good about remembering their anniversary, birth dates and special occasions. But she could tell by the tone of voice he was using that this was leading up to something, making her even more curious as to what it was.

"Yes it is," she replied simply, waiting on him.

"Well...I want to do something special for you this time. Really special."

"Like what?" she asked, surprised when Jack reached over beginning to stroke, teasing her nipple with the tip of his finger as he did.

"You once told me you had a really special fantasy."

April remembered. It had been another one of those rare, really sensual erotic evenings when they had discussed fantasies with one another. April had been surprised at herself that she'd been bold enough to even tell Jack about one of them. Even more shocked when he pressed her for specific details regarding it, something which had led to a very intense evening of very satisfying sex between them.

For a second, April wondered if Jack was simply trying to recreate that particular evening, until that is...she remembered his statement.

"Where's this leading Jack?"

Jack slid his hand down to April's bare pussy. Coincidentally, she had just shaved it this morning in anticipation of this evening together. Jack had hinted just before leaving for work that he was interested in having one of their special nights together. And, April knew that Jack liked seeing her that way whenever they did.

Jack was grinning at her, leering actually as he continued to run his finger between the folds of her well lubricated slit.

"I want you to actually experience one of your fantasies," he told her seriously. "Something you'd never dream of actually doing. That's what I want to give you for your anniversary present!"

"You're not serious!"

Jack slid his finger deep inside her pussy holding it there, though tickling the inside of her femininity with a playful urgency.

"Very serious. I really do want you to name anything you've ever imagined, and then I want you to actually experience it."

"Listen Jack. Talking about it, even thinking about it is one thing. Actually doing something like that is entirely something else."

"I know. It's the something else that I want to give you! A one time only thing, but something you can have to enjoy, and like I said, actually experience and remember for the rest of your life!"

April was genuinely shocked. Their pillow talk, if that what it really was, had gone well beyond anything they had ever discussed, even teased one another about before. She was almost sure that's all this really was. Jack was teasing her, testing her even to see just how far she was really willing to take this in going along with his improbable request.

"I suppose you have someone else in mind?" she asked.

When they'd discussed the fantasy of having a threesome previously, Jack had mentioned one of his buddies from work that had had more than a flirtatious interest in her. But it was because of that very reason, as Jack and Mark worked together that April knew her husband wasn't really serious about it. She couldn't imagine the two of them ever being able to work around one another afterwards without constantly thinking about it, or worse...discussing it.

"No...but maybe you might think of someone you'd like to actually join us," he told her.

"You really are serious, aren't you?"

"I told you I was. And I've given it a lot of thought too. I know exactly how we'd do it so that we'd both be comfortable without making it awkward for either one of us."

"Oh yeah? How?" April pressed. Still laying their in disbelief that they were actually discussing this. But April also noticed Jack's cock was raging hard once again. Obviously, he really was interested, enough so, that the talk of it had him aroused all over again.

"Yeah....I've thought about it. I'll wear a blindfold!"

"You'll what?"

"Wear a blind fold. That way you won't be worried or concerned about me knowing whoever the guy is you've chosen to do this with. And even though he'll be there, I won't know who he is, or really...what the two of you are actually doing most of the time."

"Ok Jack, enough is enough. Its time to get serious about this...you really are joking, aren't you?

Jack rolled April over onto her back, taking his hard firm erection in hand, placing it at the opening of her pussy. Sliding into her, easily...they were both amazed at how wet and juicy she really was.

"I'm not joking!" he assured her as he pumped steadily into her several times before holding still. "We get a nice room in a hotel. You chose whoever the guy is you'd like it to be and have him come to the room at a predetermined time. Before he actually comes in, you blindfold me, ensuring that I can't actually see anything, and we'll take it from there. If either one of us decides we can't handle it, then we simply say so. Whoever you chose needs to be aware of that possibility, and must be willing to leave immediately if either of us decides its not such a good idea after all!"

April really was stunned. Even with her husbands cock wonderfully, perfectly embedded deep within her juicy flowing quim, she was almost too abstracted by the absurdity of his suggestion to actually enjoy what his prick was doing to her.

For the moment anyway, the discussion was over. April decided within a blink of an eye that it had been nothing more than teasing, sexy pillow talk. Designed to arouse her yes. But that and nothing more. If that was Jack's intent, then he'd succeeded. It had made April hornier than she'd been in months. The intensity of her second orgasm had been even more fulfilling, more satisfying than the first one had been. They had soon after fallen to sleep without another word being mentioned. When morning came, she was sure that's all it had been until Jack had given her a hug, kissing her goodbye before heading off to work.

"Be thinking about what I said," he told her. "I'm going to reserve the hotel room today for next Saturday," he said, disappearing out the door before April could say anything to him about it.

When April finally arrived at work, she found she hardly remembered even driving there. The thought of something like this....especially this particular fantasy, which had been running around and around inside her head ever since she'd left home. She'd never admit it, not to anyone. But there was one guy with whom she would feel comfortable experiencing something like that with. April found herself smiling inwardly, wondering how he'd react to it if she actually found herself brave enough to mention it to him.

"Morning April. How are you today?" Brad asked shortly after she'd arrived at work.

"Fine Brad. How'd you like to come and fuck me in the ass on Saturday?"

April was actually grinning as she mulled over the unspoken response inside her head. Wouldn't Brad just keel over and die if she'd actually asked him that.

"I'm ok Brad. How are you?"

She liked Brad. They'd been good friends beyond just being co-workers. He was one of the few men she was actually comfortable being around. The fact that he'd admitted that he'd found her attractive certainly helped of course. And that they'd been able to confide in one another, sharing thoughts, feelings, as well as occasionally discussing interesting little sexual topics had placed Brad high on her list of potential partners. Though again, she found it difficult to believe that Jack honestly meant to go through with any of this.

Brad often commented on how nice she looked, or how good she smelled. Never in a way that made her feel uncomfortable, or that he was simply trying to hit on her. Brad had never made any untoward advances. Sure, they'd flirted, teased occasionally, but it had always been in a friendly, non-threatening way. She knew by now that she had nothing to fear from Brad, and though if she said the word, he'd take her up on it for sure. Just knowing that he never pressed her for anything more made her feel secure enough to know that their friendship was genuine, and simply not just based on any sexual feelings they may or may not have towards one another.

It was nearing the end of the day when April actually screwed up enough courage to approach him about it. Having had all day to consider how she'd go about it had helped. That and the fact that she was particularly aroused at the moment gave her enough strength to even suggest it to him.

"Brad? Have you got a minute? I want to ask you something."

"Sure kiddo. What is it?"

"Not here...in your office," she said.

Moments later April followed Brad into his office, closing the door behind her as she did.

"Everything ok?" Brad asked, obviously concerned.

"Everything's fine. In fact...better than it's been in quite a while," she said smiling.

The look of relief in Brad's face was apparent. "Oh good. For a minute there, I was sure you were going to tell me something horrible." 

"Maybe it is....I dunno. I guess it depends on what you think of what I'm about to ask you. Or how you'll react towards me when I do."

Brad's face became serious once again. "Should I sit down for this?"

"Maybe you'd better," April told him. "Maybe I should too," she said taking her own seat as she faced him. "I can't believe I'm actually going to ask you this....tell you this," she began, swallowing.

Brad looked nervous, somewhat confused. And it actually made her laugh. "You're not going to believe what I'm about to say."

"What is it?" Brad pressed, not finding the humor in this at the moment.

"What if I was to tell you that you'd finally get your wish?"

"Excuse me?"

April swallowed once again and stood, pacing the floor of Brad's small office.

"What if I was to tell you that I actually had permission to invite you to go to bed with me. Would that interest you?

"Ok, where's the camera's?" Brad said, feigning a brief glimpse around his office as though actually searching for one. "You are teasing me yes?"

"Actually....no. I'm not," April said blushing brightly, but somehow continuing to hold his eyes within hers.

"Last night...after Jack and I finished making love, we started talking about the possibility of......."

Brad sat in stunned disbelief as April told him about the entire evening, more importantly, her conversation with her husband. 

"...and when he called me after lunch to tell me he'd reserved the room. I knew then that he really was serious. When he asked me if I'd decided on someone, I told him 'yes', that I had in fact. Which is when I knew I was actually going to ask you if you were interested. So Brad...are you?"

"You said he'll actually be wearing a blindfold?"

Brad had met Jack once, a long time ago when April had actually introduced them. But beyond that, he'd never really gotten to know the guy, or anything about him aside from the few things April had shared with him.

"Yes he will. Which is the main reason why I think I can go along with this. I'm not sure that even I'd be comfortable with Jack's knowing who the other guy was. But this way at least...he wouldn't know. And I'd never tell him either."

April went on to explain the situation further. Dumbfounded, Brad sat there listening to her, agreeing to everything she told him, including the part about "if asked to go" doing so immediately without so much as another word being spoken.

"I still can't believe this is for real!" he told her.

"Well...trust me. I didn't believe it at first either Brad. But it is real, very real. And to prove it to you, I'm going to show you that it is. Stand up!"

Brad stood.

"I know you've always been dying to touch my boobs Brad, so go ahead, touch them if you'd like."

Holding his hands out towards her, he almost did. Expecting her to flinch perhaps, or turn away.

April smiled. "I promise. I won't hit you or anything," she said nearly laughing now.

"For a second there, I was sure I was dreaming all this. I half expected you to suddenly shimmer away into nothingness."

"Well Brad, it really isn't a dream, I really am here, and I really do want you to touch me. Right here...right now!"

Tentatively, Brad placed his hands over April's soft breasts. And even though it was through the tee shirt she was wearing, the feel of her marvelous tits resting comfortably within his hands assured him that all she had told him previously, really wasn't some kind of horrible joke.

"So...you'll be there?" she asked finally stepping back, forcing him to relinquish his caressing.

"I wouldn't miss this for the world!" he assured her.

#

When Saturday actually arrived, April was still a little dubious that her husband was still willing to go through with this. He'd taken her to her favorite restaurant for dinner, never once even mentioning what would later be waiting for them back in their hotel room.

They'd checked in a short time later, heading upstairs to the 'Bridal Suite' that Jack had reserved for the night. After showering, April had emerged a short time later wearing a new, very sexy negligee'. It was one that she'd purchased quite some time ago but had never worn. Though it covered her, it was sheer, the black lace hardly concealing her semi-exposed breasts, nipples, let alone her bare pussy, though the hem of the upper garment did overlap the matching bikini panties that hid her femininity a little more conservatively, though not by much.

"God April! You look incredible!" Jack had told her when she'd come out of the bathroom. Even though his tone of affection was reassuring, she still had to ask.

"You're sure Jack? You still want to go through with this?"

"Very sure," he said grinning, his prick already hard, glistening with pre-cum as he sat there in the bed, naked...leering suggestively at his wife. "What time did you tell him to be here?" Jack asked her.

April glanced over towards the alarm clock sitting next to the enormous over-sized bed. It read 7:45.

"I told him to be here around 8:00. He should be here any time now."

"Well, you'd better put the blindfold on me then. I want you to feel comfortable that I can't see anything," he assured her as she began securing the silken black covering about his eyes after having first placed a sleeping mask on before that.

Nervous, April was glad they had made up a pitcher of screwdrivers to sit drinking. The alcohol would help her relax, that, and lower her nervous inhibitions. She'd already turned off all of the lights within the room, leaving a single solitary candle burning on the dresser. There was barely enough light to see by, but she wanted it that way as it would help her to over come her shyness at being naked in front of another man.

April started a few minutes later when a light knock came to the door.

"He's here," she announced softly.

It had already been discussed, agreed to before hand, that there would be no introductions. When Brad entered the room, he looked cautiously towards the bed where Aprils husband sat with nothing more than a towel covering his lower body.

"Would you like a screwdriver?" she asked.

"Please," Brad said softly.

Another pre-planned agreement. Even after his arrival, they'd take a few last moments drinking, getting used to the situation where anyone could decide that they didn't want to go through with this. April came very close to that very decision in fact, worried momentarily that it wouldn't be anything like she'd imagined. Brad sensed her growing reluctance, finished his drink sitting the empty glass down on the nightstand. Silently, he began removing his clothing while April sat in one of the nearby chairs, watching.

When Brad had finished undressing, he looked towards her, smiling.

"Last chance!"

From the bed, they both heard Jack snicker. "Up until this very moment, I don't think April thought I was really serious about this. But now...I guess she knows I was. Well honey...its now up to you. Do we? Or don't we?" He asked pulling the towel away from his groin, revealing his stiff aroused manhood.

By way of an answer, April crawled up onto the bed, lowering her head over her husbands prick, drawing it softly inside her mouth.

"She really does give great head," Jack groaned saying. 

Positioned as she was, Brad crossed the room stepping over towards the bed. As April knelt, orally pleasing her husbands prick, Brad reached down cupping one of Aprils soft breasts within his hands and began toying with her aroused extended nipple.

"Hmmm," she moaned involuntarily, humming her pleasure around her husbands cock.

Brad reached down, slipping his hand beneath the flexible hem of April's sheer panties. Finding her moisture, he slipped one finger lightly into her sex, drawing it upwards until the tiny little knot of her pleasure center caused her to groan even more deeply. Watching as Jack undid the dainty ties on April's negligee', Brad then helped in its removal, baring April's luscious breasts with their caramel colored nipples. 

Releasing her husband's cock momentarily, April sat on the side of the bed, removing her panties before crawling back onto the bed.

"Suck his cock while I fuck you from behind," Jack told her.

April was glad the room was dark. She felt her face flush, partially from embarrassment, but mostly from excitement. She couldn't believe that she could allow these feelings, sensations...wantonness, to have overpowered her the way that it had.

Without a word, Brad placed himself in such a way that April could easily lean over him. With her ass perfectly placed towards the end of the bed, Jack more or less felt his way around her until he'd stepped behind her while standing on the floor. April felt her husbands prick probing at her sex, then slithering inside like a wandering snake as his prick filled her completely. Once he was as deep inside her as he'd ever been, he seemed to pause, waiting for her.

"Go ahead April...suck him!"

Brad felt her lips enclose the tip of his prick, tentatively, exploratory. A slight catch in her voice as she moaned, told him that Jack was slowly trusting into her from behind, catching her off guard momentarily.

"She is good isn't she?" Jack asked his unknown partner.

"Very," Brad replied softly, trying to keep any vocalizations down to a minimum.

Brad had of course known April for years. And as close as they had been, through everything they had openly discussed, shared with one another, he had never before seen the look of total lust etched within her face that he was seeing now. It was the most erotic thing he'd ever seen or experienced. April was beautiful, the fact that she had opened herself to the sensations and feelings that she was now surrendering to amazed him.
