 Chapter One

I'm walking along the beach at 4am. It's quiet except for the sound of the waves softly crashing at my feet. I left my new lover's room about an hour ago. I couldn't go back to my suite yet and to my husband. We're here on this Caribbean Island for our anniversary but it hasn't gone like we planned. Don't get me wrong, it has been hot, full of sensual nights and days. I don't know where to start telling you the story. So I guess I will start at the beginning.

My name is Jen. I've been married to my husband Jim for the past 15 years. We were high school sweethearts. We've had our ups and downs like most couples but we love each other and we've very close. About a week ago Jim came home and told me to pack a small bag because we were going on a surprise getaway. I knew our anniversary was coming up so I packed a light bag with a dress for going out, a swimsuit, and some other essentials. He led me to believe that was all I needed. When we boarded the plan for the Caribbean, I was even more than surprised. Jim is not usually the romantic type.

We arrived late into the night but our small ocean view suite was ready and we checked in. I was still buzzing from the flight, so after we had unpacked I gave Jim a slow striptease in front of the window with the shades pulled open. I'm a bit of an exhibitionist and knew that someone could see my naked body in the light of our room. Jim sat comfortably in the Queen Anne chair and watched me. I slipped the strap of my spaghetti strap dress off and let it fall to reveal my breast. I'm a full C cup and ran my fingernails over my nipple until it perked. I could see the lust in Jim's eyes. 

I slipped the other strap off and the dress fell in a heap at my ankles. It left me standing in the window in my black lacy panties. While my one hand cupped and teased my nipple, my other slipped down my tight midriff and into my panties. They were already soaked from my thoughts on the plane of how our week would go. I looked into Jim's eyes and moaned like a slut for him. I could see his erection pressing against his slacks. I licked my lips and turned away from him and towards the open window. My thumbs found the elastic of my panties and I slid them down, bending at the waist to give him a good view of my wet and swollen pussy. With my panties at my ankles, my legs spread, I reached back between my legs and ran my fingers through my wet folds.

I heard Jim grunt his approval. I dipped my fingers in my sloppy channel and brought some of the wetness to my clit. My wet fingers circled my tight bud, teasing the sensitive nerve ending. I felt a warm feeling run up my spine. I wondered if anyone was watching my show from their room window. The thought sent a shudder through me. I turned back to Jim and brought my fingers up to my mouth. My lips took them in and I sucked my tangy juices from them, teasing Jim further. I saw that he was rubbing himself through his slacks.

I quickly knelt on all fours and crawled over to his chair. I could feel my wetness as I arched my back and swayed my hips. When I reached him, my hands went to his bulge and our eyes met again. I licked my lips seductively. He groaned again and started unbuttoning his shirt. I reached up and unbuckled his belt and unzipped his slacks. My small hand reached in and pulled his hard cock out and stroked it. I ran my hand up and down a few times then squeezed his rigid shaft. A drop of pre-cum forms and that's my que. I lean in, extending my tongue and lick his salty sweetness. I moan and take the first few inches of his shaft in my mouth. My wet tongue swirls around his spongy head. I love giving head as much he loves receiving it. 

My head bobs up and down on his shaft, slick from my saliva. I stroke his shaft in rhythm with my mouth. I slip my hand down to finger myself while I suck his cock. When two of my fingers entered my wet channel, I moaned around his cock. Jim thrusts his hips forward with need. I can feel his cock start to swell. I know that he is close but I don't want this to end yet so I pull his cock out with an audible "pop."

"I want you to lick me honey."

He grunts, "Get against the window."

I move to the window and lean into it. Jim comes behind me and spreads my legs wide. I arch my back. He grabs my ass and spreads my cheeks. He kisses them, then I feel his tongue flatten as he licks up between my wet lips. My labia opens with his tender licks. His thumbs touch my folds and spreads them further, as he drives his tongue into my depths. I push back against his tongue thrusts, my breasts pressed to the cool glass of the window. My hard nipples abrade as his tongue moves in and out of slick channel. He stops only to swirl his tongue around my sensitive clit. A deep shudder goes up my spine to my tingling nipples. My hot breath condensates on the glass. I am very close. Jim senses this and stops. He stands behind me. I notice that he has removed his clothes as I feel his erection against my ass. I grind back against it, moaning, teasing him. I want him inside me, now.

"Fuck me!" 

"I intend to."

He grabs his turgid cock and rubs it through my dripping folds. I whimper with his touch. He presses his cock at the entrance and lunges forward. He knows how I like it a little rough. One of his hands comes up to my neck and presses me to the window as his cock claims me. His thrusts are hard and deep. My heart is pounding in my chest. My breasts are pressed against the glass, nipples rubbing the cool surface. They give off a squeaking sound as he pounds me with powerful thrusts. His cock has always pleasured me in so many ways. As he takes me, a glow of a cigar catches my eye a few floors up and across from us. Someone is watching us. The thought of our voyeur further excites me. 

Jim slips a hand around and rubs my clit as he continues to take me roughly. The swirling feeling in my gut tells me I am near my first orgasm. I press back against him and arch my back further. This allows him to go deeper, hitting my cervix with each of his strokes.

"I'm cumming..."

My spasms start. My aching nipples still abrading against the wet glass as the waves crash over me. My pussy is milking Jim's cock as it swells and he erupts inside me. The warm thick jets splash against my sensitive spot, sending me over the edge again. My eyes are focused on the glow across the way. Wondering if he is stroking his cock to our show. The thought extends my spasms as Jim's cock starts to slip out of my quivering hole. I feel his seed drip down my thighs. His hand still pressing me against the cool glass. He holds me there, on display while my breathing slowing calms. He finally releases me and I turn as he takes me in his arms. Our sweaty bodies come together in an embrace. 

My mind then wondered if we would ever leave that room. Thinking back on it now, as I walk the moonlit beach alone. I wonder if we can ever go back to before we met Kevin, my new lover.

Chapter Two

We woke up almost at noon the next day because of our late arrival and love making into the night. I showered and put on the one skimpy bikini I brought. For a girl in my thirties I still have a good figure. At 5'6" and around 120lbs, blonde and blue eyes, I still turn some heads. Jim is in good shape, 6'2" 210lbs. I couldn't wait to get to the beach. Jim slowly got his act in gear and we found a place to get some sun. We both laid down in beach chairs, but Jim opted for the umbrella. We both noticed right away that it was a clothing optional beach. Most of the girls were topless so I slipped my top off and put on some tanning lotion. 

At first I was a little self-conscious but before long it seemed natural to me. We had been out there for less than an hour when a group of guys came by us and started playing volleyball. There were four of them. All nice looking in their board shorts and no shirts. Three of them were in their early twenties but one of them was more our age or possibly a little older. They were all in great shape and I found myself watching them play. Another couple joined them later. The young girl, early twenties, was topless and her boyfriend was nude. Later I noticed that two of the other guys had slipped their shorts off as well. 

There was quite a lot of cock meat bouncing around, so I felt I needed a dip in the ocean to cool me off a bit. I told Jim where I was going and I'd be back soon. As I walked past the volleyball game a few of the guys followed me with their eyes. The most obvious one was the older guy. I swayed my hips a little more for the audience. The water was warmer than I thought it would be but I loved it. The surf was gentle and allowed me to float around with ease. Looking back at the beach I noticed more people going full nude walking the beach. Some singles and several couples. My nipples were perking up and slipped a finger into my thong bottoms and found my pussy slick from my juices. I watched as more people walked by. When I decided to head back to my recliner, I slipped my bottoms off. 

When I walked back by the volleyball game, every head turned this time. With all the attention and the cool breeze blowing across my shaved pussy, I felt my labia flower with arousal. When I got back to my chair, Jim even noticed my nakedness. I told him that quite a few people were fully nude so I thought, when in Rome, yadda yadda yadda. Jim leaned over and gave me a rather arousing kiss and tweaked one of my erect nipples. While he was slipping off his swim trunks, the volleyball landed near me and rolled up to my chair. The older guy came up and apologized and I tossed him the ball back. 

"Sorry for the interruption," in a low baritone voice that sounded like warm whiskey.

I smiled, "not a problem."

"My name in Kevin. Why don't you two come over and play with us? We don't bite." 

I looked over to Jim. He didn't seem interested but I did. "My name's Jen and this is my husband Jim. Honey, I'm going over to play. Do you want to come?"

"No, I'm still recovering from last night, but you go ahead." He said with an evil smile.

"OK but come over later if you're up to it."

I got up and walked over with Kevin. He put his hand on the small of my back. His touch sent an electric charge down my spine. Up closer, he was in great shape and must spend a lot of time in the gym. 

"I couldn't help but notice how gorgeous you are when you went past us. I'm glad you decided to come play."

I blushed and thanked him. He introduced me to everyone when we arrived. We played for a while then took a break to cool off and have a few drinks. When we started back up again, everyone had dropped their clothes, even Kevin. When his cock came into my view I was instantly aroused. Even flaccid it was an impressive size. I was glad my sunglasses hide my eyes, but my nipples perked and I could feel a flush of my juices start to flow. I played a little volleyball in High School but my game was a bit off as I was distracted by all the bouncing cocks.

During our next break, someone suggested we hit the water. I looked over to Jim. He appeared to be sleeping, so I went along with the group. Again, Kevin possessively had his hand on the small of my back. Kelly, the young girl had two of the guys holding her hands as we slipped into the warm waters. We floated around and talked. A few more females come to join us. We finally got back out and went to sit and have a few drinks, but later I told them I needed to get back to my husband as it was our anniversary. They all congratulated me. Kevin walked me back to where Jim was, his hand ever on the small of my back.

Jim propped himself up when we arrived. I think he was a little intimidated by Kevin's semi-erect cock and seeing his hand on my back. One look at my flowered labia and he knew what I was thinking. 

"My congratulations. Jen tells me that this is your 15th anniversary." Kevin said to Jim as we arrive.

"Thanks." Jim said as he eyed Kevin's hand.

"If you would, I'd like to take you two to dinner tonight, my treat. There's a great 5 star restaurant here."

Jim looks at me, "sounds good to me."

"Yeah, but I don't have anything appropriate to wear." I look over to Kevin, "genius here only let me bring a few things and gave me no clue we were coming here."

"Actually, that sound romantic. They have a great shop in the Hotel. I'm sure we could find you something that you would look lovely in." Kevin says smiling.

Jim just shrugs his shoulders. I look back at Kevin. "That sounds good to me. I could use a new dress."

We get back into our beach attire and head back to the Hotel. Jim begs off on shopping and says he needs a shower. Kevin offers to show me the shop. I wondering if Jim is thinking about having a threesome with Kevin. We've talked about it in the past, mostly adding another female but we never actually have done anything. The thought is coursing through my body right down to my core. I give Jim a kiss and tell him I will be up soon. When he turns to leave, Kevin guides me thru the lobby to the clothing shop.

Kevin and I spend a few hours shopping for a dress. The store owner knew him by name. I also find out that he actually lives here in the penthouse suite. The guy is loaded from some internet startup company. I try on several dresses. Kevin sits in a comfortable chair and watches me. Each time I come out of the changing room, he critics it. I can't help but blush every time his eyes wander over my body. It sends a fresh flood of juices to my pussy. When I come out the last time, he's standing there holding a beautiful black dress. It's a halter club dress.

"I'd like to see you in this Jen. Would you humor me? It would please me."

"It's lovely Kevin." 

I head back into the changing room. It easily slips on. The neckline plunges down almost to my navel, showing way too much cleavage. It leaves my shoulders and back bare to the soft curve of my ass. The length is more than I would usually wear out but it fits perfectly. I step out to show him. His eyes first go to my cleavage. My nipples harden and press against the thin Lycra material. 

"Turn for me Jen."

I slowly turned with my back to him. I felt his eyes on my skin. A warm rush of blood pulsed through me. I heard a hushed grunt from him and it made my pussy spasm. It felt so good to be looked at in a lustful way by another man. A man whose body made my mouth water. The flashback of his thick semi-erect cock at the beach sends a shudder through me.

"You're so sexy in that dress. That's the one for tonight Jen."

"I'd love to wear it Kevin but it's more than our suite cost for a week."

"It's my gift to you and Jim for your anniversary."

"Really I couldn't. It's too much."

"I insist and I don't want to hear another word about it."

My body flushed with his show of dominance. This was a man that was used to getting his way. His arms reached around me and held my waist. His taunt body pressed against my back. I could feel a slight bulge flush on my ass.

"I want this week to be best time you and Jim have ever had. You both deserve the best."

I turned in his arms. "When you say the best for us, are you including yourself?" The words came out of my mouth before I even thought about what I'd said. I wanted to swallow them but it was too late. "I'm sorry. That was rude of me, after you've been nothing but kind to us."

His body, still against mine, he took my face in his hands. "No apologies needed. Yes. I would like to include myself. I know it's forward of me, but there's something about you that makes me lose control. And I'm not one for losing control."

He leaned in to kiss me softly. His lips felt softer than I'd imagine them, but when my lips parted and his wet tongue invade my mouth, it felt harder more passionate. He owned my mouth. His tongue darting with mine. I felt flushed and found it difficult to catch my breath. When he released me, I was a left with my heart beat pounding out of my chest. Every part of my body wanted him. This was going to be an interesting week in paradise.

We parted ways and I went back to our room with several dresses that Kevin insisted I take. He told me that he would meet Jim and I back at the restaurant at six. I thanked him again. When I got back to the room. Jim was already out of the shower and having a drink out on the balcony with a towel wrapped around him. I hung my new dresses up and went out to see him. I hugged him from behind.

"Did Casanova find something sexy for you to wear?"

I bit Jim's shoulder playfully. "Yes he did. I can't wait for you to see it but I need a shower first. He's going to meet us at six downstairs."

"Do you think he wants a threesome? Is that what you want Jen?"

"I'm certainly attracted to him. Is it something you want? I know we've talked about it before." I asked hesitatingly. 

He turned and held me in his arms tightly. "Jen, I want you to know how much I love you. How much I would marry you all over again. This week is about that. If you want to spice things up, I'm all for it." 

He dips down and kisses me as Kevin had earlier. Jim has always be able to light a fire in my body. He is an excellent lover but I found myself comparing his kiss to Kevin's. Was that fair? Kevin was new and exciting. Jim's was more comforting and familiar. I knew it wasn't fair to compare the two. When Jim broke off our kiss, he pulled me tightly into his body. 

"I mean it Jen. I want you to pursue Kevin if that's what you want. I won't stand in your way."

I looked into his eyes. He was being honest and I loved him for it. A soft glow of a cigar caught my eye over his shoulder. Our voyeur was watching us again. I secretly wondered if it was Kevin. It was coming from the top floor across from our suite. I grabbed Jim's cock through the towel.

"I want you too Jim. No one will ever replace your cock, but I can't seem to get Kevin out of my mind. I do want to see how far it will go, but I don't want you getting jealous."

"I will be envious but as long as I know that you will be leaving at the end of the week with me, I'm good with it."

I leaned up and kissed his cheek. Then turned and went to take my shower.

Chapter Three

When Jim saw me in the dress Kevin had picked out his jaw dropped. From the lust in his eyes, I didn't think we'd ever leave the suite. He looked just as sexy in his off white linen pants and charcoal grey button down shirt and shimmering silver tie. The beige jacket he wore was new. I leaned up and kissed him.

"Wow you look handsome honey. When did you get that jacket?"

"About 10 minutes ago. Kevin had the whole ensemble sent to our room. This is some expensive clothing Jen. I think this guy is certainly into you."

"I think you're right. My dress cost over $2000."

We left the room and went down to meet Kevin. Little butterflies were dancing in my stomach. Who knew what the night would hold. When we got down to the restaurant the Maître d' showed us to our table. Kevin rose when we approached. He looked stunning in all black suit with a crisp white shirt and thin black tie. Of course his suit was Armani. He looked like he was born in it. He offered his hand to Jim as he introduced a beautiful young woman that was already sitting at the table. My heart stopped. Maybe we both had misread his advances.

"Jim, Jen, this is my friend Casey. I thought it would feel less awkward if there was a fourth. Casey, these are my newest friends celebrating their wedding anniversary." 

We all greeted each other. She was wearing a beautiful white silk duvet chiffon club dress. The deep V matched my own. The thin material left nothing to the imagination and I caught Jim staring at her large breasts. I nudged him as we sat down. Kevin held my chair for me. 

The dinner was lovely, filled with pleasant conversation and good company. Casey turned out to be a very intelligent young woman. I found myself engaged by her stories. I know Jim couldn't take his eyes off of her. I wondered if this was part of Kevin's plan to distract Jim with Casey's lithe and sexy body. When she asked Jim to dance I was floored. Not that she'd asked him, but that he jumped at the chance. I usually have to threaten to cut him off to get him out on the dance floor. Watching them dance, I was struck by how they made such a sexy couple. The two of them drew more than a few eyes as they danced together. I think I was becoming a little jealous until Kevin took my hand. I turned and saw his piercing grey eyes look right into my soul.
