 Continued from AP-!

Chapter Five 

When we did finally wake up, I felt refreshed. Jim and I had only been here for two nights, but they both were full of passionate sex. The first night with Jim, my husband. The second night Jim had spent with Casey, a young attractive female who Kevin had said was a "sexual beast." I of course had spent last night with Kevin, our host. A very rich man who lived here in the Caribbean. We had met Kevin on the beach the first day here and he had invited us to dinner to celebrate our anniversary. He had promised us a week to remember in the Caribbean. So far he was off to a great start.

After I had showered, I came out to find Kevin on the phone. I had put a robe on and sat on the couch in the main living room. I was still amazed by the sheer size of his place. When he hung up, he told me that Jim and Casey would be here shortly and that we would all have breakfast out on the veranda. It's not long before there is a knock on the door. Casey and Jim came in dressed in robes as well. He comes to me first and gives me a hug and kiss. He holds me tight and I wonder what brought this on. We head outside onto the covered patio of Kevin's suite. Jim and I went first, as Casey and Kevin were discussing something inside.

"So how did your night go Big Stud?" I say while smiling at Jim.

"Good god that girl nearly killed me. We didn't even make it all the way to the room before she had my cock in her mouth."

I snickered remembering Kevin's prediction. "You certainly look happy this morning. She must have done some good."

"Did I sound like I was complaining? I was just surprised is all. How did your night go with Casanova?"

I took a deep breath. I wasn't sure how I felt about telling him. We never keep anything from each other. "It was wonderful. He is a very good lover, my Casanova."

We were holding hands when Kevin and Casey came out to join us. An attendant was wheeling a large cart behind them. Kevin tipped him nicely and we all sat down for breakfast. There was everything that you could imagine, from eggs and bacon, to waffles and muffins. There was a fresh pot of coffee, juice and we finished with a few cups of Espresso. It seemed that we were all famished after our wild night of love making. I noticed that Jim is still eyeing Casey but his eyes moved to me as well. I had let my robe open a little and my breast was exposed. It's comforting to know he still notices me.

Kevin is the first to instigate the conversation. "Jim, I want to thank you for sharing your wife with me last night. You are one lucky man."

"Thank you. I like to think so." 

"Did you and Casey have a good time?" He says with a twinkle in his eyes.

"We did." Jim looks at Casey. "She's a lovely young lady. She certainly curled my toes more than a few times."

The conversation goes back and forth. Each man complementing each other. It seems friendlier this morning. They appear to be getting along better. They talk about business, fishing, golf, and their favorite baseball teams. I looked over to Casey and she seemed as excluded from the conversation as I did. She rolled her eyes as we continued to enjoy our Espresso. When they continued to ignore us, I let my robe slip completely off. I looked over and Casey did the same thing. Kevin noticed first.

"I'm sorry for being rude. I got carried away. What would you lovely ladies like to do today?" He said looking at me.

"I don't know. I'm up for anything." Now I looked at Jim. He just shrugged his shoulders. 

"How about you ladies have a spa day this morning and then we can have some more fun this afternoon. Jim do you smoke cigars?

"I do on occasion."

"While the girls are off being pampered, we can continue our conversation. Does sound good for everyone?"

We all nodded. Kevin made a call and set it all up. After we had finished breakfast and had our fill of coffee, Casey grabbed my hand and we went headed downstairs to the spa. She has a very bubbly personality. I guess some people might find that annoying but I liked her despite my jealousy of her youth. While we had massages and a manicure and pedicure, we talked about a whole host of subjects, from men, work, and of course Kevin. She told me that she had been working for him since she finished college. She does host and hospitality for the Resort. Comes to find out, Kevin owns this entire island retreat. That he is a billionaire many times over. 

She tells me that he owns property all over the world and made his fortune beginning with an upstart internet company, but that he invested wisely and now has a portfolio making him one of the richest men in the world. I asked if he does this kind of thing often, meeting couples or women and lavishes them with gifts. She told me that he is more of a recluse and that this is the first time he's ever done anything like this since she's been working for him. I pondered that thought for a moment. I wondered what made us so special. Surely a man that was so attractive and rich could have anyone he wanted. 

Meanwhile back with the guys... (Kevin's POV)

I had been impressed with Jim from the moment I met him. It wasn't just his wife that had attracted me. Don't misunderstand me, I'm not bisexual, I just liked the way he carried himself. He loved Jen and I knew she loved him back. His confidence in that had let him feel like he could share his wife with me on the first night we had met. I had to respect that in him. Having grown up in a family that did not show their love freely, I longed for someone to share my love with. In Jim and Jen, I saw my hopes and dreams of what might be out there for me. While I had the resources to live whatever lifestyle had wanted, it was what they shared that I desired most of all. I make a call downstairs for the staff to send up the two girls I had specifically asked for along with an assortment of cigars and a bottle of Rémy Martin VSOP with two sniffer glasses. Jim and I are still out of the veranda when the girls show up with my requests.

Looking at the young ladies coming out of my suite. "Ah, I see that our cigars and Cognac have arrived."

Jim turns his head and sees two rather naked young ladies coming out onto the veranda. One is only wearing a collar and heels. She's tall, about 5'8" but thin with curly red hair. Her skin is a most alluring alabaster, with a host of freckles covering her body. She has smallish pert breasts capped by rather large pink nipples. The other young lady in also in heels and collar but is carrying a tray with several cigar boxes and a bottle of brandy. What I notice first is that the tray is suspended by a chain from her collar and stabilized by a belt around her thin waist. Her hands are bound behind her back. She has dark black hair that is pulled back onto a ponytail. Her lips are bright red. Her breasts are much larger than the other girl and sway as she makes her way towards us. Her nipples are smaller but are distended with her arousal. The clicking of their heels stops as they arrive at our table.

The redhead spoke first. "Good morning Sirs."

"Good morning Eva. This is my friend Jim. Jim, this is Eva and Stephanie. They are submissives in training from my club."

"Nice to meet you ladies."

"Jim we have a nice Rémy Martin Centaure de Diamant Cognac, so I would suggest a Montecristo cigar to go with that. It's light and will go well with the fruity flavor of the cognac."

Eva poured Jim a sniffer and handed it to him. She unwrapped his cigar and offered it to him. He wetted it. Eva bent and clipped the end off for him and offered a lighter. He leaned into her. She lit his cigar and he took a few puffs, blowing the smoke out into the late morning breeze coming off the ocean. He took a sip of the cognac while I had my cigar lit for me. I held up my sniffer and offered a toast.

"To... to love."

Jim held his glass up and then repeated the offered toast. He drank another sip to love. He turned and looked out over the azure blue water. The early breeze was warm and wet from the humidity. He turned back to where the young ladies were standing. He saw that they had stepped a few paces back but near enough to be ready to refresh a drink or another light of his cigar. He noticed that both women's nipples were erect. Their eyes were downcast but he could tell they were very aware of what was going on. He turned to Kevin.

Chapter Six

"What kind of club do you own Kevin?"

"It's a BDSM club on the other side of the island. Have you ever been to one before?"

"No, I can't say that I have."

"We should go while you're here. Its separate from the Resort but some of the residents take up the offer for the temporary membership offered with their rooms."

"Sounds nice, maybe we should go one night."

I snapped my fingers and Eva quickly walked over and knelt at my feet. She presented herself, her knees were spread and arms behind her back with her head down. When I growled, she moved to open my robe and took my semi-erect cock in her hands. She stroked it until it stiffened, then she leaned in to take it in her mouth.

"Would you like some action this morning Jim?"

"Why not."

With that I snapped my fingers again. Stephanie unhooked her tray and set it down on the nearby table. She moved between Jim's thighs and opened his robe to find his cock hard. She expertly licked his shaft from his balls to the thick crown, swirling her wet lips around until she took it down her throat in one motion. 

§ § § § § § § § § § § § § § § § § §

Jen's POV

We had finished their pampering session and were heading back to our room. Casey had suggested we go there to talk some more. JI had learned quite a bit from Casey and didn't mind her company. When we arrived at the new room, I was impressed at the upgrade Kevin had arranged. I offered my new friend something to drink and decided on a cool bottle of water. We both sat down on the comfy sofa in the main room of the suite. The conversation was light. We laughed and giggled like school girls. It was when Casey leaned in to kiss me that fun really started. I've had been with girls before but it had been several years ago.

Casey cupped my face in her hands and our lips met in a passionate kiss. Casey's tongue push onto my mouth and attack my tongue. Her hands were everywhere, slipping inside of my robe. My nipples perked when Casey's fingernails teased across the areola. The tingling went all the down to my core. Our breathing got ragged as our hands explored each other's body. When Casey finally pulled back from the kiss, she grabbed my hand pulled me up and led me into the bedroom. 

The bright morning sun shone in, casting a warm glow on the bed. Casey turned and slipped the robe from my shoulders. I returned the favor. I had been secretly admiring Casey's luscious form since I met her last night. We both fell for the bed and became intertwined in a mass of legs and arms, each of us trying to taste and lick the other. Finally Casey laid back and let me explore her body. I went for her breasts first. My hand softly cupped her breast and bringing my lips to her hardening nipples. My tongue licked the areola as it started to tighten and pebble with gooseflesh. When I took the bud in my warm mouth, Casey moaned with pleasure. Her fingers ran through my hair as she pulled me into her breast flesh.

My tongue swirled and teased the nipple before grating my teeth on the tender flesh. I moved over to Casey's other breast and gave it soft loving kisses, my hand still teased the other nipple when my mouth claimed the new one. That had Casey's mouth emit a soft moan as her pleasure rose. I nipped the hard bud and started kissing my way down Casey's tight midriff. Her muscles quivered as Jmy lips made their way lower to her quim. Casey spread her legs to allow easy access, her fingers still in my hair. I placed soft kisses along her inner thighs, then up to her wet lips that had flowered with her arousal. She was without any hair just like myself and I licked from between her two holes up slowly and around her clit that was beginning to peek out from under its protective hood.

I gave it a small lick before moving down and spreading Casey's labia. Her wetness was evident and I licked her inner lips, tasting her sweet nectar. Casey pulled her legs up near her chest and let me have what I wanted. My tongue drove into her hole and swirled around inside her, savoring the slick juices that were leaking out. I then took one of her lips and sucked in into my mouth, pulling on it as I moved a finger into her hole. My finger slipped inside easily as I moved to the other lip, sucking and pulling on it. I added another finger to Casey's pussy and moved back to her clit that was now more engorged with need. That sent a loud moan into the room. I sent my two fingers in and out of Casey's slick channel as I swirled my tongue lightly around her clit. 

Casey's hips began to curl up to meet my ministrations as she moved towards her climax. I sensed her need and curled my finger up and softly rubbed the spongy spot as my lips encased her clit and started to suckle the sensitive nub. I felt Casey's pussy tighten around my fingers as the spams washed over her. I held her clitty in my lips and continued to finger Casey sending her over the edge again and again. When I felt quiver, I back off sucking her clit and gave it soft licks instead. When I looked up and saw Casey body slowly start to recover, her spasms were still coursing through her body. Her breathing became less ragged. I removed my finger gently and licked the juices from them as I moved up and gave Casey a sweet kiss. Our tongue swirled, sharing her tangy juices. We laid there wrapped in each other's arms. 

§ § § § § § § § § § § § § § § § § §

Kevin's POV

We watched from above as the two women were getting to know one another in the other room. Jim was leaning on the rail, his cock still in the mouth of the dark haired submissive as he watched his wife go down on Casey. He wanted to cum when he saw Casey's body writhe with the passion of her orgasm but he wanted to saver the wet throat that was milking his cock. I had my cock down the throat of Eva as I watched across the courtyard into the open drapes of the Honeymoon suite. I had moved Jim and Jen last night because I knew it was a better view from my suite.

When Casey flipped Jen over and started to kiss her body, I knew that Jen was in for a wild ride. I wasn't kidding about Casey being a sexual beast. That girl knew how to please her lovers. We both watched as she laved her tongue on Jen's nipples, teasing them with her lips and tongue. When Jen tried to reach down and tough her, she quickly forced her hands above her and held them there. I smiled, knowing that Casey had seen the submissive side of Jen too. This was going to be good. 

With Jen's arms above her now, Casey went back to her breasts. Her fingers and thumbs took the erect nipples and started to tease and pull them away from Jen's body. Jim knew that his wife loved her sensitive nipples. He had made her cum many times just by playing with them. As Casey toyed with her new pet, he could see Jen writhing with need. His cock swelled and he held his submissive in place to let his cock let his need subside. He wanted to savor this. 

§ § § § § § § § § § § § § § § § § §

Jen's POV

Casey could feel the spasms wash over my body. She continued to tease my nipples as the first orgasm swept through me. Then she bent down and laved her wet tongue across the tingling buds. She let me regain myself before she started to kiss her way down. Each wet kiss sent a shudder through me. When she placed gentle kisses along each of my hip bones I thought I would cum again. Finally she reached my wet pussy. My labia was swollen and slick with the juices from me first orgasm. I tried to lower her hands but was met with a sharp slap to my sensitive pussy. I let out a yelp and pushed my hands back where I was told to keep them. Once I was gripping the headboard, Casey started to lick my cum soaked labia. My hips moved, slowly rocking with the gentle licks from Casey's tongue. When she slipped two fingers inside me, I could feel my channel tighten around them. 

Casey swirled her tongue around my clit as her fingers slowly slid in and out of my pussy. The wet sloshing sounds of my juices mixed with the soft slurping sounds of her lips. When she felt me near my release, she slowed. Casey pursed her lips and blew cool air across my engorged clitty. She felt my pussy tighten around her finger. Then she opened her mouth and huffed hot air on my sensitive nub. This had me writhing with need. She repeated, switching from cool to hot air. My moans were getting louder, my hips curling up trying to gain friction with Casey's mouth and fingers. When I started begging, Casey latched onto my clit and drove three of her fingers deep into my pulsing channel. This was all I needed, and I broke into a million pieces around the sensual ministrations of Casey.

§ § § § § § § § § § § § § § § § § §

Kevin's POV

We both watched as Jen was writhing from Casey's expert tongue. Jim and I had our submissive bent over on all fours as we drove our cock's home deep into the wet channel of their pussy's. Jim had struggled to hold out while watching his wife and her lesbian lover go at it. Now he was emptying his cum inside of Stephanie, her body writhing from her own orgasm. I picked up my cell phone and called Jen's room. I was still pounding my cock into Eva when Jen picked up the line.

"Well I guess you're all sated now."

Jen looked out the window and saw the submissive bent over the railing as Kevin was fucking her. "I wished I'd known you all were watching. I see that you two have been occupied as well."

"Take a shower and get dressed. We have a tee time on my golf course in 30 minutes."

"What should I wear? I've never played golf before."

"You won't be playing golf, and you won't be wearing whatever you put on for long either." I said with a grin.

I grunted as I emptied myself into Eva. She was begging for release and I granted it with my own orgasm. She shuddered as her spasms took over her body. When I had slipped from her pussy, I went to sit back down along with Jim. The two submissives knelt at our feet and cleaned our cocks of the mixed juices. Jim raised his warm glass of cognac and gave a silent toast.

Chapter Seven

After Jim had showered, we went down and met Kevin at the clubhouse of the golf course. There were three other men waiting with him. One of them was a black man, Michael that had been playing volleyball the first day on the beach. The other was a tall stocky man, Mitch, with long blonde hair. The last was an older man, Esteban, about 6'4" tall and graying hair pulled back in a ponytail. All of them were dressed in shorts and polo shirts. Kevin made sure to introduce everyone before leading them all out to the first tee. Each of them had a waiting golf cart with clubs waiting for them. I was dressed in a flowery sun dress that came about mid-thigh. I had decided not to wear any undergarments from what Kevin had said about not wearing my clothes long. My heart rate was pounding with the anticipation of what he had in mind for the afternoon. The men gathered at the tee box with the club in hand.

"Gentlemen, I propose that we play a typical skins game with each hole having a particular payout. Instead of each hole representing money, I purpose that the beautiful Jen will be the reward for each hole. That is, if Jim is agreeable to this."

Everyone looks over to Jim. "I'm all in. I know Jen has been wet since she heard about this earlier."

"Alright then. The first hole prize will be Jen removing her dress and riding through the next hole with the winner. In case of a tie, we will carryover until a winner has been determined. The winner will not play the next hole as he will be busy until the next winner is determined."
