 My wife Susan and I have been married for 10 years. I'd have to describe our sex life as average, since we used to do just the "normal" things. Every time she felt horny, she started touching my dick a little, slurping the head for a little while, and then she just wide opened her legs waiting for me to penetrate. After 10 or 20 minutes of the good ole "in-out" I came inside, pulled it out and considered it done.

At her 37 years, Susan is quite good looking. Short blonde hair, beautiful green eyes, nice ass and a big pair of boobs. A little saggy but big (36-D). Who said that size didn't matter? Not that I complained, but there was something missing. She was very traditional in sex, and not so open to try new things. Several times I tried to make her give me a good blowjob with no results. She used to say that cock sucking was just good to make the penis hard, but then it belonged to the pussy. How many times I dreamt about cumming inside a mouth or an ass!

She had little interest on having her pussy eaten, and anal sex was totally out of question. In addition, she only gave me a good fuck once a week, while I needed it more often. But what could I do? As I said, my once-in-a-week fuck wasn't that bad, so I didn't complain.

Susan was a compelling smoker. I'm talking about the kind of woman that smokes 1 or 2 packs a day, and sometimes she simply couldn't work, or eat, or concentrate if she wasn't smoking a cigarette. Several times she tried to stop by herself with no success.

Eventually, her smoking habit started to take a hit on her health, and we both decided that it was enough. She went to a therapy clinic in order to be treated, and she asked me to go with her to the first session. The doctor told us that there were two habits she had to break: the nicotine habit (the addiction of having a certain level of nicotine in the blood) and the oral habit (the addiction of having something in her mouth). To start dealing with the first one, he prescribed her some nicotine patches. For the second, he suggested her to keep taking cigarettes to her mouth, but without lighting them.

The system worked well at the beginning, she was taking it seriously and never smoked again. The patches were working well, but the oral addiction was being more difficult to handle. One night we were staying in a hotel room out of town. It was about midnight, and she started yelling she needed to smoke. I woke up and found her trying to light a cigarette. I prevented her from doing it. She was already wearing a patch, and started sucking the cigarette. Then she started crying and threw the cigarette away. I hugged her trying to calm her down. She yelled at me:

"I can't take it anymore!"

"Just calm down honey, it's going to be ok"

"It's not. I need a cigarette! I need it now!"

"Please don't do it darling! You have done a good job so far. Don't ruin it now!"

"What can I do? I can't stop thinking about smoking! What do you want me to do?"

"Fuck me!" I said.

"Are you talking serious? Well…ok. Maybe that will calm me down. Just take off your shorts. But if it doesn't work, I'm going to smoke a fucking cigarette!!! Ok?"

"Ok dear. Just calm down"

I proceeded to take of my clothes, as usual. She undid her bra, took off her panties and started to do the usual quick slurping on my penis, "just to get it hard enough to fuck". Briefly, I notice that something strange was going on. She started to suck a little. Wow! She never does that! I said to myself: What is going on?

The soft and slow cock licking started to evolve into a deep blowjob. I didn't want to say anything because I was afraid of breaking the moment, but the blowjob was getting deeper and faster every second! She started moaning:

"MMMMMMMMH!! MMMH!! MMMMH! GIVE ME HMMMMHHH! MORE!! HMMMMMMH! I JUST HMMMMM! WANT IT HMMMMMH!! HMMMMMM!! IN MY MOUTH MMMMMM!"

She kept moving her mouth vigorously up and down my cock. She was sucking me pubic-hair deep, moaning at the same time. Then she grabbed my ass very firmly to preventing me from pulling out. A steady flow of saliva was running down my balls. The whole bed was bouncing!

I was so paralyzed by the surprise that I couldn't even say a word. I mumbled something like:

"Uh…..eeeeh…..honey…..I think that……I'm going to….do you want me to?....Oh fuck! Just forget it!"

Now it was me who was firmly grabbing her head. There was no way in this world I was going to pull out now. When I felt that my cock started pumping I thought I was going to pass out.

"Honey…dear…I'm cumming…in your mouth…ohhhhhh!"

I shot a big load down her throat. She slowed down a little, but she didn't stop sucking. She kept doing that for another 20 or 25 minutes when my penis started to get hard again. The second blowjob-in-a-row was somehow slower, nicer, and I was able to enjoy it even more. I touched and massaged her breasts this time. I also kept saying nice things to her. She laughed, but she didn't say a word. 

She just sucked, licked and blew.

Then I came for the second time. It was not that strong, but this time my orgasm was more intense and longer. Finally, she let me pull out.

"Well darling" She said "There you are. Isn't that what you always wanted me to do?"

We kissed and I just fell sleep. I wasn't able to say a word.

The next morning, we packed and went down for breakfast and checking out. When we were ready to leave she grabbed my arm and looked very deeply in my eyes. She didn't have to say it. I already knew it.

We dropped the luggage and ran into a small rest room right there in the lobby of the hotel. We didn't care if it was the gents or ladies one. We just went in and locked the door. I sat on the toiled, opened my fly and pulled it out. She went assumed the apologetic position and started sucking and moaning. I reminded her to keep it low, but she didn't. 

"MMMMMHHHH! MMM MMM MMMMMMHH!"

This blowjob was even better than the last one. Now that the surprise effect is not there anymore, it's like you are able to enjoy it better.

I came in her mouth. She swallowed it all. I zipped up. Kissed her, and we went out pretty fast. I felt everyone was looking at us.

In our way back we came to a very important agreement:

"Dear, you have it now. I'm not addicted to cigarettes anymore, but I need your penis in my mouth to break the habit. Don't you dare pulling it out of my mouth when I need it! Deal?"

"Deal, but if you make me cum twice a day in your mouth, I'm not going to be able to fuck you so often. You'll have to let my suck your pussy instead. Deal?"

"Deal". I love you! Thanks for being so supportive and making me so happy!"

"Love you Susan"

I think I'm the happiest man on earth now. My dream of cumming in her mouth is satisfied now. I know what you may be thinking: What about your other dream of fucking her ass?

Well, that's another story.