 "Mmmmmm. That was really good, lover. Now it's your turn."

I had just fulfilled one of my fantasies and gone down on Jennifer's pussy while using a vibrator on her. Honestly, I did not think it would ever happen, but it had been something I had fantasized about while getting myself off. I had no idea she would taste so good. And the way she moaned...

She rolled me over on my back, my dick seemingly harder than it had ever been. She took ahold of it with her left hand and slowly stroked me as she leaned forward and kissed me deeply. The smell of her was intoxicating. I reached out and played with her full breasts, and could feel her shiver we continued to kiss. She was such a damn good kisser.

She repositioned herself in between my legs. Looking up at me, she slowly reached out her tongue and licked from the base of my cock to the tip. It felt fucking amazing. I could feel her slowly tracing the lines of the veins on my dick with her tongue. As she got to the tip, she opened her mouth and slowly took me in her mouth - just an inch or so. She repeatedly swirled her tongue around the tip of my dick - all the while watching me with her gorgeous eyes. 

"Fuck. That feels so good, Jennifer."

She continued to gently stroke me, her saliva providing lubricant, as she said "I love your dick. The ways the veins stand out, the shape of the head, the size. I am going to get a lot of this dick this week."

I gasped deeply as she plunged her mouth back down on my cock. I could feel it at the back of her throat as she tried to push it deeper. Opening her throat up, I could feel her deep-throating me. So good. She was doing this humming kind of thing as she kept sucking me.

I did not realize that she had gotten her vibrator, until I heard the buzzing. Uh oh. I was not into the anal thing. Jennifer had other plans. She stopped deep throating me and just bobbed her head up and down on my dick. Her suction was perfect. She started using the vibrator at the base of my cock and on my balls. Oh. My. God. It felt incredible. This was easily the best blowjob I had ever received. 

I watched Jennifer sucking on my cock, and it was amazing. She had her eyes closed and was moaning a little as she did it. I realized that her other hand was between her legs and she was getting herself off as she was sucking on my cock.

"Jennifer, stop." 

She looked up at me and pulled me out of her mouth. "Did I hurt you or do something wrong?" She had a look of concern on her face.

"No. But turn around, so I can do you, while you do me." She grinned at me and then turned and lifted a leg over my head. She went back to sucking on my cock as I looked up at her beautiful pussy. She was closely trimmed, and her lips were hanging slightly from being so aroused. Her clit was poking out just slightly. I loved her pussy. Her ass was gorgeous too. With my right hand, I slowly thrust the vibrator in and out of her pussy, timing it with my tongue swirling around her entrance. When I would pull the vibrator all the way out, I would thrust my tongue in and get a good taste of her. Then I would push the vibrator back in and move my tongue to her clit, alternating swirling around it and pushing on it with the flat of my tongue.

All this time, Jennifer was slowly sucking my cock in and out of her mouth. God her mouth was heaven. Every once in a while she would deep throat me until she had to come up for air. She was making these moaning or mewling sounds in time with the way in which I was attacking her pussy. It was all creating this situation where it was going to be difficult for me to hold on much longer. 

Stopping eating her pussy briefly, I said "I am not going to last a lot longer, Jen". She moaned and simply redoubled her efforts on my cock, while pushing back more insistently on the vibrator and my tongue. I could tell she was really close too. I could feel my balls beginning to tightening.

"I am going to cum, Jen!" I wanted to give her a warning, but she just went even more crazy on my dick. Her legs were shaking, and I could feel her pussy tightening on my tongue when I pulled the vibrator out. She started moaning really loud and that was when I lost it. I tossed her vibrator to the side and just attacked her pussy with my tongue and teeth. It seemed like she was almost screaming around my cock. I couldn't take it any longer, and I shot my cum in her mouth repeatedly. Five or six times I spurted, but she took it all. And then she took her mouth of my cock and yelled "FUCK!" and came on my tongue. I felt like she was trying to suck it into her pussy, she was clamping down so tight. 

After cumming for a good minute it seemed, she lifted her leg over my head and lay back on the bed.

"God damn. That was so good, Jen." Her head down at my feet, she smiled. I could see some of my cum on her chin. She looked so damn hot right now. If we were going to actually go the whole way and fuck, I could not think about how good that would be.