 A momentary shaft of light interrupted his thoughts as the door opened and closed on the other side of the confessional. 

Before even a word was spoken, he knew it was she, and knew the consequence of her visit. His serenity vanished, fluttering off into the horizon as if a startled dove.

Her now familiar, intoxicating perfume wafted through the stall and permeated his mind. 

His agony of doubt had commenced.

"Forgive me Father, for I have sinned."

He felt the muscles in his genitals contract involuntarily.

"I have committed shameful, and deplorable acts. I have succumbed to temptation, and now seek forgiveness. I wish to be cleansed in the eyes of The Lord." 

Through the small lattice screen he could see her mouth, her moistened lips, parted as in a sigh. 

With conscious effort, he dutifully uttered his now familiar response.

"So long as we are in this world my child, we are exposed to temptations, and need ever to be on our watch against them. Tell me of your sins, so that you may repent and be forgiven."

The lips closed, softly, and her head bowed for a moment, as if she was gathering her thoughts. But he knew her thoughts. He knew her actions.

She silently rose and left the confessional.

He heard the hypnotic click of her heels on the sacred tiled floor, as beads of perspiration gathered on his forehead.

His door opened and there she stood before him, silhouetted in the stained glass light.

She closed the door behind her and knelt before him.

"Father, I have let my body be abused by men. I have neither objected nor resisted to their shameless enticements."

As she spoke, her hands lifted his robe above his knees, sliding it over his thighs.

He clutched his Rosary, as if in a last pitiful attempt at guidance. 

"I have let myself belong to them and therefore to be used as they wish."

She had one hand now on his penis, squeezing the shaft erect, her other hand lightly caressing his testicles.

"I have deviated from what is good, what is proper. I have taken pleasure in perversity and indulgence."

Her hand now enclosed his throbbing member, and she stroked his shaft in a single uninterrupted movement. Slow, long strokes up and down.

Tears welled in his eyes as surges of pleasure flowed through him.

"I have accepted this perversion as if nothing untoward had happened, as if the inevitable had occurred."

Slowly she rose from her knees, one hand still caressing his shaft lightly.

"I have trimmed my pubic hair and perfumed my sinful vagina, in preparation of your anointment my Father."

She pulled her dress up to her waist, revealing her naked genitals. 

He gasped, mesmerized at the beauty she displayed before him.

As his muscles contracted and his hips began to uncontrollably pound against her caressing hand, she moved her vagina over his erect penis.

"Anoint me Father, with your oil of gladness, for I am a sinner."