 This is an honest-to-God true story, which happened to me earlier this year. Believe me or not, it's still something I think of verrrrrry fondly. Email me if you like it...I have lots of other experiences I would like to write about!

* * * * *

I hadn't planned on picking anyone up, but when I entered the dark room there she was, and my eyes found her immediately. After I saw her, I could look at nothing else. I sat at a booth in the corner, where I had a perfect view of her, sitting at the bar counter, facing the door and sipping a drink slowly as if waiting for someone. God, she was beautiful. In an exotic way.

She wasn't your typical blonde bombshell or raven beauty, the kind that fill up places like these on the weekends, watching like hawks for Mr. Right, but the Mr. Right that has a long cock that can make them feel like a dirty whore. No, this girl was different. Pure, somehow. She looked to be around 22 or 23, her long dark hair flowing past her shoulders loose and unfettered. It was so smooth, and framed perfectly her oval face, those exotic slanted eyes deep and dark and expressive. 

Her mouth was red, but not overly painted. Her skin looked soft and was the color of caramel. I swallowed as my mouth went dry, imagining how she would taste. Her body was a work of art, with small but perfectly shaped breasts, pointed and firm. I could see a slight bulge where her nipples were, and imagined them dark and round on my tongue. Her white shirt was tight and form-fitting, and showed her flat belly about two inches above the top of her short black skirt. Her legs were long and lean, and her feet were nicely shaped with painted nails. She was wearing strappy black sandals.

I ordered a beer and watched her. With one hand below the table, I softly ran my fingers along my hardening cock as I imagined tearing off her shirt and biting her soft nipples. It was so dark in the joint, I felt safe but excited as I unzipped my pants and reached into my boxers to stroke my cock. Adjusting myself, the tip of my cock sprang up and out of my pants as I pinched and stroked the head of it. The waitress brought my beer and with one hand I took a long draught of it and set it back down on the table. Underneath the table, my fingers continued stroking and pinching the head of my cock which was now straining to come all the way free. God, I wanted to bury it deep inside her pussy.

I was staring openly at her, not caring if she saw me or not, when suddenly she looked straight at me. When our eyes met, my cock almost jumped and I looked away quickly, suddenly embarrassed. As soon as I looked back, I saw that her eyes were still on me. She licked her lips and sipped her drink again, looking at me over the rim of her glass. Never taking her eyes off me, she walked slowly towards me until she was sliding into the other side of the booth where I sat. My hand had pushed down my pants a little more and I was now slowly stroking the length of my cock, up and down. The tip of it was wet.

"Hi," she said softly so I could barely hear her. Her voice was slightly breathy and girlish. I nodded at her and she smiled, never taking her eyes off me. "You want to fuck?" She said it so demurely that it surprised me, but I swallowed and nodded, then finally found my voice. "Are you a prostitute?" I asked because she was so forward. She smiled and shook her head. "No, I just want to fuck someone." 

I stuffed my cock back in my pants and pulled up the zipper as I said, "Well, let's go then." We both stood up as I threw some money down on the table and took her arm, leading her out of the joint. Her skin was incredibly soft and she smelled sweet.

As soon as we were out of the bar, we looked at each other. "Where should we go?" I asked her. "You have a car around here?" She answered, looking up and down the street. I nodded and pulled her gently in the direction of my black Jeep Cherokee. I unlocked her door first and let her in, then got in myself on the other side. I was parked at a meter right on Sunset, and it was 2 o'clock in the afternoon. I looked at her and smiled. "You wanna go someplace or should I just find a private alley?"

She looked at me without smiling, then looked away and muttered, "Just find anyplace." I started the car and drove two blocks to an alley. When I pulled in, it looked deserted enough, with apartments with shuttered windows and no one to be seen. Pulling over into the shade beside a closed warehouse, I turned off the car. I looked over at her and said, "Here we are."

She looked at me, smiling seductively now, and pulled off her shirt without ceremony. She wasn't wearing a bra, and her breasts were perfect. Firm and perky, with large brown nipples that were now hardening in the cool air. She reached over and unzipped my pants and reached inside my boxers to touch my cock which was still half-hard. I quickly lifted my hips and pulled down my pants and boxers so my cock was the only thing she was touching. Instantly hard, it sat straight up as she began to stroke it with her hand. 

I lay my head back on the seat and closed my eyes, groaning softly. She knew just how to touch it. She swirled her fingers around on the purple head of my cock to wet them, then continued stroking the shaft up and down. Through half-lidded eyes, I reached over with my right hand and found her tits, bouncing back and forth as she moved her hand on me. Pinching a nipple, I heard her moan softly as she continued to work my cock. I touched her hair and pushed it behind her back as I cupped a breast in my hand and squeezed it over and over. 

Slouching down in the seat, she began to work my cock with both hands, lightly scratching my balls with her long fingernails. God, she was driving me crazy. My cock was wet with precum as she continued until I felt like I was going to burst. Wanting her mouth on me, I grabbed her hair and shoved her face down so her mouth was right by my cock. I was grunting now, close to cumming. 

"Suck my cock, slut," I grunted out loud. Without a word, she took my hard cock into her warm, soft mouth. It felt so good as she swirled her tongue around and over and around again, sucking hard on the bulbous head of my cock, then plunging down to swallow the whole length of my hard and twitching cock. She continued to lightly tickle and scratch my ball sack with her fingernails, and I was bucking my hips, fucking her mouth and throat. 

Suddenly my cock twitched and jerked as I plowed my load deep into her throat, moaning loudly. "Ohhhhhhh god, ohhhhhhhh god," I cried as the slut sucked my cum and squeezed my balls. As I lay back hard against the seat, I was breathing hard. My cock was almost sore, I had cum so hard. Her mouth was still on me, and she was swirling her tongue around and around my cock which was now half-hard. It felt nice, and I closed my eyes and let her continue licking me and tickling my balls. 

Usually I'm too sensitive for that once I cum, but this time something was different. Instead of getting sensitive and wanting her to get off me, I let her lick and scratch and was surprised to feel my cock getting hard again. That hadnt' happened to me for a while, so I just sat back and enjoyed it. God, this girl was hot, and she knew exactly how to suck my cock. Pretty soon it was a raging hardon again, and she had never stopped licking and sucking and tickling my balls. She lifted her head up and looked at me, her lips wet with saliva and precum, and smiled at me. She was so beautiful, and suddenly I wanted to fill her pussy.

Pulling her up so she was looking at me, I said, "Take off your skirt and sit on my cock." She quickly shimmied out of her skirt and I wasn't surprised to see she wasn't wearing any panties. Her pussy was neatly trimmed, almost bald, with just a small patch of dark hair at the top. As she stroked my cock with one hand, I twiddled her pussy with my fingers and felt the wetness on my fingers. Slowly sticking two fingers deep inside her cunt, I finger fucked her as she looked at me, her eyes half shut. Her pussy was so soft and wet, and I was ready to feel it on my cock. 

Grabbing her tits, I told her to sit on my cock. She quickly obeyed, straddling me so the lips of her pussy were barely touching my cock, which was standing straight up. Pushing on her shoulders, I pushed her down hard as my cock impaled her tight wet pussy. I groaned out loud as her pussy stroked up and down on my hard cock. The slurping, sucking sound was turning me on even more as I pinched her nipples and enjoyed her ride on my cock. She was breathing hard and whimpering slightly as my cock stretched her tight muscles. 

Her breasts were bouncing up and down as she rode my cock. I felt a tingle in my balls and I knew they were about to explode so I pushed her down hard as I bucked my hips up as hard as I could, filling her deeper than ever with my pulsing cock. I shot a huge load deep, deep inside her pussy as I cried out, falling against her chest. It was the most mind-blowing cum I had ever had. She was moaning too, and I could feel the muscles of her pussy walls spasming as she climaxed. My cock stayed hard inside her for about two minutes, and we just sat there, hugging as the final drops of my cum filled her womb. Slowly, she pulled herself off of me, her pussy slurping as she disimpaled herself. 

My cock was slick with our juices and only half hard now, red and raw from the bumping and grinding. I felt lightheaded and spent as I sat back, breathing hard. She was still for a moment, then pulled on her skirt and shirt. 

I looked over at her with incredulity as she took my hand and kissed it, said "Thank you" and got out of the car quickly. She ran down the alleyway into the street beyond, turning a corner and going out of sight. I sat there for a few more minutes, wondering what the hell had just happened. Even though I went to that bar many times after that, I never saw her again.