 As I approach the doorway, a beaming grin comes to my face. I remember thinking to myself, "This has become quite familiar, hasn't it?" Without any hesitation I enter the unlocked hotel room of yet another anonymous man. As I do so I softly bite my lower lip. The room is dimly lit as I enter and as my eyes adjust I begin taking in the sight. I see him sitting in a chair facing the doorway watching intently as I enter the room. I slowly close the door behind me, making sure to lock it tight. As I turn, I remove my jacket, letting it fall to the floor at my feet.

As I begin walking and get nearer to him, his sex, his manly, musky, sexual aroma hits my olfactory receptors and as it does so I'm sent into a state of pure bliss. He's sitting in his chair wearing an unbuttoned white dress shirt barely covering his tanned, toned six pack, and neatly trimmed treasure trail. The undone tie hanging around his neck hangs down between his shapely legs and is doing a rather poor job of covering up his obviously sizable package. Aside from his shirt and tie he is completely nude and there are absolutely no complaints from me in this regards! As I make my way closer, he moves forward a bit in his seat which allows his cock and balls to fall over the edge of the chair. As I watch his marvelous member hypnotically bouncing around before me, I'm mesmerized thinking, "My goodness, he's cut, about ten inches, maybe five and a half inches in girth, with a big, yummy mushroom head. You. Are. Mine!" I might have even have audibly told his cock this actually! I didn't waste one moment with talking, chatting or even flirting with him. I'm simply here to suck his cock and we both know it! And, like I say, his cock's all mine!!

When nearly to him I sink to my hands and knees and crawl the last few feet. The moment of first contact has arrived. I let one hand gently glide ever so slightly over his thigh, tickling his leg hairs beginning at his knee and working back towards my target, his marvelous manhood. Reaching out with the other hand I cup his large cock and balls, enjoying the feeling of his soft, warm, erotic flesh in my hand, As I'm completely lost in sensory lala land, I let out an involuntary gasp of pleasure. I bend my head down, taking in more of his sweet musky scent. I gently wrap my hand around his stiff cock and lift it out of the way to place a tender kiss on his lovely, low hanging scrotum. As I do so I inhale deeply through my nose, becoming further inebriated by his now more concentrated and intoxicatingly manly aroma. As I'm leaving his magnificent balls, I suck a testicle into my mouth and allow it to leave my mouth with a sudden pop. I rub his cock all over my face, smelling his wonderful scent.

At this he moans deeply and jumps slightly in his chair. Noticing that his cock has begun leaking tasty, silky elixir, I stick my tongue out and begin slowly and very deliberately moving closer to his cock, curling just the tip of my tongue upwards as I approach. Once his cock is within reach, I place the tip of my tongue into the delectable droplet. I can feel the slickness of it dissolve onto and then coat my tongue, the slight salty taste of his precum fills my senses. I'm now in a state of pure ecstasy. I lick my lips while ensuring the underside of my tongue begins making contact with his frenulum. In this position his precum laden cockhead is right at the tip of my nose. I again inhale deeply taking in the scent of his wonderful precum soaked penis, happy to again be tasting him on my lips. I rub his cockhead under my nose a few times so as to be able to continue taking in the scent of his precum, which now is absolutely covering my nostrils. I then kiss the end of his penis passionately, finally opening my very ready, hungry mouth, allowing his large, glorious manhood to slide against my lips on its way into my mouth.

I suck his still somewhat soft cock into my mouth, feeling it beginning to become very hot on my tongue, filling my mouth more and more with his succulent cock each passing moment. The taste and smell of his now hot cock makes my mouth water as he fills me. Every taste bud on my tongue is savoring his manhood and precum. Every olfactory receptor is registering his hot, musky, masculine smell. The smell of his precum, the smell of his slightly sweaty balls, the heat now emanating from his genitals, everything about it, I'm loving it. It's all marvelous and I take it all in! I take all of his hot, hard cock into my mouth too, pressing my lips into the base of his cock, feeling his pubic hairs tickling my nose as I bury my face into his crotch. I feel his hands come down on my head as he pushes my mouth further down onto his hard prick, firmly holding my head in place. I grab his balls and suck them into my mouth along with his now rapidly hardening cock. It's quite the mouthful, but I manage to get all of him in, but just barely, and, not for very long! I shake my head from side to side with all of him in my mouth in triumphant victory as he feels amazing in my mouth!

As he holds me down, I release his balls from my mouth and begin to use swallowing movements to stimulate the head of his cock. I feel him start hardening deep in my throat, pulsating, going from soft and spongy to hard and rubbery in a very short period of time. As he's hardening, his luscious cock pushes against my throat, almost causing me to gag, but I manage to overcome the reflex and relax my throat, allowing his cock to push ever deeper into my slutty throat. I swallow hard to help ease his big cock deeper into my eager throat and as I do so he simultaneously thrusts his hips forward, helping to push his hardening cock ever further into my mouth. I swallow again to accommodate him fully as he's growing larger and pressing further into my willing and accepting throat. With one last thrust I am all the way down on his tasty cock, staring at his belly button. I begin to rhythmically stretch and contract my throat muscles around his hot rod as he begins to more vigorously fuck my face. At this point I take note of the fact that he's beginning to taste like saltwater taffy! How much better could it get? Yummy!

Up until this point breathing had not been an issue as his cock hadn't been quite filling my throat. Yet now as his full mast erection is starting to restrict my ability to breathe through my nose, I need a breather. This is despite my clear desire to keep the cock with which I'm now so enamored in my hungry mouth. I try to push my head up but he holds my head onto his cock for a few seconds more before finally letting my head come up. I don't want to pull off in haste, and, if he wants to be playful he sure better be willing to receive! As I begin slowly raising my mouth off his cock, I wrap two fingers around the base, squeezing very tight. I pull up the length of his cock, paying particular attention to running my thumb tightly along his urethra in order to draw out all the accumulated precum held within his glorious member. I pull my mouth up to the tip of his cock and lap at the precum that has accumulated there, beginning to seriously work over his knob. Swirling my tongue around his cockhead rapidly, then quickly going up and down on his cock with my lips and mouth. After a few times I begin to suck my cheeks together and pull down my hard palate to envelop his cock tightly on each thrust, tonguing his sensitive frenulum with a side to side motion. Periodically I take him out and slap his moist cock against my tongue, then continue my rapid tongue and mouth work on his man meat until he tells me he's about to cum. I quicken the pace and keep going a few more seconds and then completely break all contact with his cock and balls.

Sitting back on the heels of my feet I admire the now rock hard, ten inch cock quivering in my face, ever so near cumming. I stick out my tongue and begin softly kissing and tonguing his large balls. I suck one into my mouth, tonguing it for a few seconds before going to the other to give it some attention and as I suck on his other ball I gaze down the length of his slick cock, my hand rapidly jerking his penis, precum glistening from the tip of his glorious member. I notice a string of his precum has bridged his cockhead and my hand. I release his nuts from my mouth and bringing my hand to my mouth, I lick his precum from my hand, taking in the wonderful taste of his cock juice. I quickly lower my mouth fully onto his cock and then bring him back out, take a deep breath and repeat.

Looking down at me, my chin deeply planted against his balls, he smiles and gently pats my head like I'm his pet. I let his cock slip from my mouth and am about to respond but am so caught up sucking his marvelous tool that I involuntarily start licking up and down the full length of his cock again, completely distracted by his wondrous prick. I love the feel of his hard cock, wet from my licking as I jack him off, getting his cock nice and hard as well as slippery wet and tasty. I reach up my free hand between his legs to fondle his balls and cup them again in my hand. Having figured it's time to give him a real working over I slide my mouth over the head of his cock, licking around his tasty cockhead with my tongue for a couple of seconds, French kissing his cockhead, darting my tongue in and out of his urethra. I then begin sucking him deeper into my mouth.

Looking up I find him watching with a smile on his face from ear to ear. I smile back with his cock still in my mouth and continue looking up at him while I take more and more of his cock into my mouth. I take a couple inches more of him and he hits the entrance to my throat. I then release his cock from my mouth, allowing it to pop loudly as the head exits. I then smack just the tip of his cock rather hard with the back of my hand, grab his balls tight with my other, and simultaneously leaning in towards him, looking him dead in the eyes saying, "Don't you ever pat me on the head like that again unless you're about to cum or you'll never again get such a great blowjob from me. I'm nobody's pet and you want this as much as I do, right? "You are after all the one getting your cock sucked! Deal?" I ask. He shakes his head yes in quite acknowledgement, sheepishly looking to the floor for some sort of reprieve. To give him some I grab his chin and turn his face towards mine. We lock eyes and I flash him the most devilish grin I can muster, then lick my lips.

Suddenly and in one quick motion I slide my mouth down around the entire length of his massive, glorious cock. Feeling his pubic hairs at my nose again I stick my tongue out to savor the flavor of his scrumptious sack. I reach my hands up between his legs to make sure his balls are getting the attention they deserve while using my throat muscles to massage his massive cock. I keep his cock buried deeply in my throat as long as I can. Completely entranced by the feeling of his cockhead pulsing against the walls of my throat in such a rhythmic motion. I can even feel his heartbeat through his cock in my throat and it's making me hot! I keep him in my throat until I have absolutely no choice as I am in need of air. Keeping just his cockhead in my mouth I take the opportunity to give it some quick attention, along with his frenulum. Afterward I remove him from my mouth momentarily to place a tender kiss on the tip of his dick. Then immediately drop my mouth back down the full length of his erect penis in one motion for another round of fun! I grab his hands and place them on the back of my head. He gets where I'd like to see this to go and starts to push my head down further into his crotch while also leaning in to begin shoving all his cock down my throat, my nose again is tickled by his pubic hair. I smile.

I widen my throat and breathe in heavily through my nose for a few seconds once I get down on him completely and just as I do he pulls my head back up, this time all the way up, barely leaving any of his cock in my mouth. He pauses for just a moment before slamming my head back down onto his rigid member. He continues fucking my throat with long, deep, powerful, and relentless thrusts. I can feel his cockhead pop in and out of my throat with every stroke. "My goodness I love this cock!!" I think to myself as he fucks my mouth and throat hard with his amazing penis, pushing my face against his toned belly every time he forcefully guides my hungry mouth back down onto his hot, delicious cock.

How long this went on I could not tell you, I was completely lost in the moment, but, thankfully at this point I had become so accustomed to him fucking my face, because, without warning, his body begins convulsing while my head is pulled down onto his cock all the way seemingly with everything he could muster. His cock is jammed deep into my throat while my head is being held to his groin tight as a vice. I can feel his cockhead swelling and growing larger, his penis twitches and his balls spasm in my hands as his back arches. As the first load of his semen travels down the length of his cock I can feel each pulse against my throat muscles. As he orgasms it feels like my head is going to pop he is holding my head down onto his spasming cock so hard!

With each pulse I enjoy the feel of his sperm ejected from his balls as they spasm in my hands and then as it streams down his cock as his urethra pulses. I'm fully immersed in the feeling of his cock sending his seed deep into my hungry stomach! As his convulsions weaken he pulls his cock back so just the head is left in my mouth. Another big load of his cum floods my mouth while his balls continue to dance in my hands. Loving this feeling I continue massaging his balls, feeling them pulling up with each spurt of his cum flowing into my awaiting mouth, pleased to now be able to better taste him. "My goodness he's tasty and I want more!" I thought. When he is finished cumming, I keep his cock in my mouth for a little post orgasm soaking to prolong the moment, and to keep pleasuring this marvelous member now emitting such delectable nectar! I finally and rather reluctantly release his tasty cock from my mouth with another loud pop. Giving his cockhead a playful lick and sucking just his cockhead into my mouth I french kiss his slit again, lapping up the remaining cum as my tongue gently leaves his cock.

I look up to him and he is smiling down at me. I can see clearly in his eyes that he wants to see his load in my mouth. So I open my mouth wide to show him the delicious load he deposited into my dirty, slutty, cocksucker mouth, and that I had indeed been savoring. I tilt my head back and gargle with it a bit, swish it around my slutty mouth, between my teeth, reveling in the aroma, the taste, and the texture of his jizz as he looks down at me, still stroking his rapidly deflating cock. Looking him in the eyes I let a little bit of his cum run down my chin and then slurp it back into my mouth with a smile and a giggle. I repeat this a few times then tilt my head back, gargle one last time, and swallow all of his delectable semen, all the while looking deeply into his eyes. I cannot help but let out another giggle and an, "Ahhhh!"

When I finish swallowing all of his tasty spunk, I lick my lips and use a finger to get the little that had escaped my hungry mouth. I lick my finger clean, swallow again and then open my mouth to show him that his hungry cocksucker has taken in all his marvelous seed. He nods his head in approval and motions me back to his cock with his gaze. My focus is again back on his wonderful tool that's now softening rapidly, but there was a remaining drop of sperm on his cock. So I bend down to lick up this last delicious drop of his seed. I then shove his whole cock back into my greedy, cocksucker mouth, happily shaking my head side to side as I do. As he's going soft I'm able to manage cramming both his cock and balls into my hungry mouth again and I suck deeply, tossing him side to side until he begins yelling, "Enough, enough, I can't take it any more, enough!"

With that he releases my head from his firm grasp and I reluctantly release my hook like grip on his ass. As I'm pulling my mouth back up off of his cock and balls I maintain a firm seal around his cock, stretching it while also running my thumb along his urethra to get all his delicious nectar out, until with a pop his manhood is released from my mouth. I then bend down and give his cockhead another French kiss followed by some quick lip loving. I pull my mouth off his cock leaving a kiss on the tip. I then move attention to his balls, playfully rubbing my face into his now extremely smelly, sweaty balls, savoring this intoxicant. I finish up by sucking each of his testicles into my mouth one at a time and then give each a kiss before standing up, and softly caressing his legs, while simultaneously turning to start walking towards the door.

As I stop to pick up my jacket before proceeding through the threshold I think of saying something just before walking out but then realize nothing more need be said. He's gotten what he wanted and that feeling is most definitely mutual considering I'm still enjoying the taste of his sperm on my tongue and the smell of his cum on my breath! As I hear the door closing behind me I'm comforted enough knowing he has my number. I'm even further comforted by the fact that I now have his memorized!