 For over a year now, I have been riding my road bike up a really steep hill into a residential neighborhood here in Southern California. I started riding in the mornings, right after my heart attack and have worked my way up building legs, lungs and heart muscles as I climbed higher and higher up the mountain. Now I not only ride to the top of the hill, but I ride around a couple of the circular streets and ride up that portion of the hill a second time. 

Today, Saturday, as I rode the top circular street I passed a woman in a blue full-length housecoat walking towards me on the sidewalk. She was sobbing, the front of her robe was open and I could see that she was wearing a sheer red something with red stockings. I rode past her and thought that she was completely out of place in this neighborhood, and perhaps something dreadfully wrong was going on. I wheeled around and rode past her and up the first driveway beyond and rode up to her on the sidewalk. She was slowly plodding along on leaden legs towards me with her shoulders heaving with her sobs. I dismounted in front of her and asked if she was all right. She looked right through me and continued to sob. Since I was blocking the sidewalk, she stopped in front of me and mumbled something. I said, "What did you say?" clearly and slowly.

She said, "He wouldn't do it to me. He just drove off." And sobbed even harder.

I reached out and pulled her to me and put her head against my chest. She was about 5-foot tall and very curvy redhead, from what I could see. She leaned forward with such force that she nearly pushed me backwards off my feet. I leaned into her and thrust my left leg forwards for balance. Because my bike was on my right side, she was off center with her left breast pushing against the middle of my belly and my left leg went between her legs. I patted her on the back and said, "There, there. It is okay. Things will be alright."

She sobbed even harder causing her breast to rub up and down against my belly. My dick woke up and stood at attention so I pulled my hips back a little to keep from prodding her with my hard on. I figured that she had enough problems without me adding to it.

Boy was I wrong! She sobbed, "You are so, so sweaty," in a dreamy, faraway voice.

I said, "Sure. I just rode my bike up the hill."

Then I felt her rotate her hips grinding her panty-covered pussy against my left thigh just above and below the hem of my Spandex riding shorts as she continued to say. "You are so, so sweaty. You are so, so sweaty," in that very dreamy voice. I looked around to see if anyone was looking out a window or if there was an angry husband coming down the street to hit me with a shovel or something. She humped my leg like a dog in heat, but she only lasted a few seconds before she was moaning against my chest as a massive orgasm ripped through her hips and rippled across her body. Soon she sagged against me and nearly pulled me, and my bike down with her. I said, "Let's get you home now." She nodded her assent against my chest so I pulled her erect and turned her up the street towards what I thought was her house. I guided her slowly up the street. She walked without closing the front of her robe. I saw a house with the front door wide open and figured that was her house. We walked up the drive and propped my bike against the bushes as she stepped up on the doorstep. As I turned from tending my bike I saw her shrug her shoulders and let her robe slide down her arms and come to rest on the concrete outside the door. As I bent to pick up her robe I could see that her red outfit was open all the way up the back with only a tie at the neck. 

The red see through material was closest together at the neck and flared as it came down her back and hips. She was wearing a matching red thong that lovingly disappeared between her beautiful round ass cheeks. Her thighs were bare till they reached the elastic topped red stockings with seams down the back. Her high-heeled mules were at least 6 inches tall and gave a wonderful shape to her calves and made her lovely ass bounce provocatively. I looked over my shoulder to make sure that none of the neighbors were looking. I could see no one out and about, so I closed the door behind me and twisted the lock as she turned and jumped into my arms. Her lips were lush and puffy and she kissed me with them open for my tongue to invade her. I pulled her to me and felt how wonderful her body was without the robe in the way. She was really hot, but I was frightened and pushed her back and said, "Now tell me just what happened."


She said, "My husband gets up early on Saturday morning. I got out of bed, showered and dressed up for him. He said that he didn't have time for sex now; he had a tee time at the local golf course with his buddies to celebrate his latest promotion. I followed him out and he just drove away. You found me on the sidewalk and helped me to cum." I want you to fuck me really hard. Right here in the entry. Slam me against the wall and fuck me silly. Don't be gentle. Don't be kind; just fuck me really hard like a slut. I don't want you to make love to me. Just fuck me like crazy."

I said, "If he is playing 18 holes, he won't be back home for at least 4 hours."

She said, "Probably won't be home till around supper actually.

"You don't know me, or anything about me." I said.

She said, "I know enough. You are gentle. You have a hard sweaty body, and I could feel your dick against me. You obviously like me."

I looked from her round face with a splash of freckles across her pert, nose to her full, pouting lips and down across her shoulders with they're sprinkling of freckles across her breasts where the freckles disappeared in the bodice of her red outfit, down across her erect pink nipples that were poking the front of her sheer red outfit, across her sexy little potbelly and over the vee of her red, pussy hair and her trim legs that resumed their sprinkling of freckles before I said, "What's not to like?"

She demurred saying, "Thank you."

I said, "Look lady. This is not something that you just jump into. You will have all sorts of second thoughts, but it will be too late after I make love to you."

She said, "My name is Linda, and this has been coming on for a long, long time. He does not want sex nearly as much as I do. We fight about it all the time. You can make love to me some other time. Now I want you to fuck me like a street slut."

I said, "Well, Linda. I have some things that I want when I make love that you might not want to put up with. I love talk to a woman and tell her things and do a little roll playing, and rough sex."

Linda said, "Oh God, me too. Fuck me now."

I said, "Linda, I am going to fuck you like you were a teasing little teenage slut. I am going to fuck the living shit out of you."

She said, "Yes! Yes! Fuck my brains out! Fuck me to death!"

I guided her into the living room and bent her face first over the back of the couch rather roughly. I tugged my spandex riding shorts down to mid thigh and released my raging hard on letting it slap against her soft, pale, mushy ass. She squealed with delight at the touch of my dick on her ass. I roughly tugged her thong to one side and rammed my dick all the way into her pussy. She cried out as her pussy lips were not completely lubricated and my dry dick forced her pussy lips into her cunt till I hit the wetness inside her. I pulled out and rammed back in with a lubricated dick head. Watching, I was fastinated to see my cock push her pussy lips and fold them into her cunt then pull them out and have them cling to my dick until I thrust forward again. All the while, her anus was winking at me in a taunting sort of way. I held her hips and slammed into her with long hard thrusts till I could feel the cum boiling in my nuts. Her pretty ass cheeks giggled each time I slammed my dick all the way to the bottom of her pussy, and I made one last thrust and held myself buried deep in her cunt while she came over and over on my pulsing staff. I pulled out to keep from cumming in her cunt and pulled her off the couch so that she fell on the floor at my feet. I grabbed a handful of her red hair and forced my cock into her mouth. 

She started to object, but I grabbed her head with both hands and smeared her cum around her mouth before I forced my dick all the way into her throat. I only lasted 3 or 4 thrusts before I erupted in her mouth. She gagged and coughed, but soon was sucking all my dick juice into her mouth with great slurping sounds. She lay against the back of the couch and used her finger to scrape my cum off her chin and into her mouth. My dick deflated like a punctured tire before her eyes. I stepped back and told her to get on the couch and get ready for me to eat her cunt. She leapt up with surprising speed and flopped on her back on the couch. I told her to move down because we were going to 69, and I needed room for my legs on the sofa. While I was taking my riding shoes off I told Linda to finger fuck herself with her panties. I said, "I want to see you slide your panty covered fingers into your wet hole. Get those panties good and wet with your cum. I am going to take them home as a trophy." Linda willingly finger fucked herself while I undressed. I dangled my limp dick over her face as I got onto the couch with my face poised over her dripping cunt.

I said, "Linda, pull your panties to one side so that I can eat your cunt now." She complied in a flash and raised her head up to capture my cock in her mouth. I let her suck me till she started to get my dick hard again before lowering myself on her and ramming my cock into her mouth.

I said, "I am going to fuck your mouth like it was a wet pussy," as I thrust my dick into her head trapping her under me. Then I lowered my mouth to her pussy and teased her clit with my tongue as I pulled her legs wide apart. I could feel the silky smooth material of her stockings rubbing against my shoulders and ears as I ate her cunt with great gusto. Soon Linda was struggling under me to get some relief from my thrusting cock, but I only humped her face all the harder. I slid two fingers into her pussy as I sucked her clit into my mouth. I could hear her scream into the head of my dick, like it was a microphone, but that only made me jab her mouth all the harder. After she came 3 or 4 times on my mouth, I got up and let her up for air.

Linda gasped and gasped like she had been suffocating. Finally, she said, "God! You really took what I said seriously about fucking me to death."

I lay back on the couch trying to recover, and trying to pace myself. I realized that this woman would be able to take more fucking than I had in me. I pulled her up in my arms and kissed her on her puffy lips slowly sliding my tongue into her mouth and massaging her body. I realized then, that I had completely ignored her beautiful breasts. I massaged the one that was most open to my hand as Linda moaned in my arms.

I pushed her back and looked her in the eyes as I said, "I only have one more good fuck in me, so why don't you get up on top of me and ride yourself to as many orgasms as you can before I shoot my last load in your beautiful pussy.

Linda slid off the couch and crawled between my legs. She took my cock in her hands and licked me from balls to tip and back again as I reached down and pushed her red outfit off her shoulders. Then I pulled her from my cock and pushed the red thing down her hips. She pushed her thong down her thighs too wiggling her ass as she stepped out of them. Her pussy was neatly trimmed and opened lovingly as she knelt on the couch straddling my legs. She reached between us and positioned my cock in the opening of her very wet cunt before sitting on it. I reached up and captured a tit in each hand pulling her towards me by her pink nipples. I put my head down and sucked one tit in my mouth as I raised my hips up to slam my cock all the way to the bottom of her cunt. Linda squealed her pleasure as I sucked her tits and fucked up into her gyrating hips. As promised, I didn't last long, and fucked deep into her as I shot my last load into her squeezing pussy. She came again and collapsed against me, holding me around the neck. Linda sighed against my chest and we both rested like that till my dick slipped out of her sopping pussy. I pushed her back and said, "Let's take a little nap here on the couch before we have some lunch."

Linda grinned and said, "What are we having for lunch."

I wiggled my flaccid dick between her legs and said, "I don't know what you will be eating, but I sure know what I am going to eat."

We drifted off to sleep in each other's arms right there on the couch.