 Do you remember back in junior high school when, all of a sudden, girls were no longer the bearers of cooties but were objects of attraction and longing? My epiphany was a girl named Janet Pell, but she was known as Jan. She had dark hair and bright blue eyes that were mesmerizing to me. To me she was beauty personified...I loved this girl despite hardly knowing her. As we aged Jan managed to get more and more beautiful as her body developed and my longing increased. For my part, I was a gawky and slightly tubby lad with no idea how to talk to girls, especially one I admired as much as Jan. I interacted with her as I did the other kids in my classes and she was always nice.

In the 8th grade we had various fun events like 'dress-up day' and 'slave day' that were excuses to be whimsical. 'Slave day' was a day when you would select a partner of the opposite sex who would be your 'slave' (doing your bidding without complaint) during the morning and then your 'master' in the afternoon. For whatever reason (and I still have no clue how it happened!), Jan chose me to be her partner for the day. I was the master in the morning and was totally agog that the object of my desire was mine to command. I didn't want to blow it with her so I didn't really make her do much as I was happy to be in her presence all day. In the afternoon when Jan was the master she made me carry her, piggy-back, to all of her classes. I, of course, was in ecstasy as I was able to touch her all day.

When we entered high school, life changed because Jan's family moved from the area...she was no longer there. The next year my family moved too and soon Jan was a fading memory. I would see her picture periodically when I would look at our junior high yearbook and would wonder where she was and hoped that her life had been a happy one. 

As you have probably surmised, we did encounter each other very many years after our idyllic childhood years. I was employed by one of the major airlines and was assigned to work in baggage service. My job was to collect information from passengers whose luggage failed to arrive, enter that information into the computer system, check the computer for clues as to where the missing baggage may have gone and then forward the delayed luggage to the customer upon its arrival. Understandably, most people are irritated when their luggage doesn't arrive so you don't, generally, catch people at their best in this situation. I was on the morning shift and was dealing with a handful of people off our first arrival of the day. All of the customers were from a flight that had a very tight connection in the hub so they all understood why their bags were late.

The last person in line was a lovely woman with dark hair and strikingly blue eyes who was pleasant in her demeanor despite standing in line for 20 minutes. I asked for her name so I could pull up her ticket information in order to begin filling in her delayed bag claim. When she said Janet Pell I stopped typing and looked at her more closely.

"Did you, by chance, go to junior high at Roman Hills school?" I asked.

Jan looked up sharply and looked at me intently and said, "Yes I did. Oh, my god! Are you Jimmy Hart?"

I smiled in disbelief that she knew my name! "Yes I am! I can't believe you know my name let alone recognize me! I haven't seen you in, what, 25 years?"

Jan smiled, "At least 25 years! How have you been?"

"I've been well, and you?"

"I've been grand! We should get together while I'm in town."

"I can bring your bag to your hotel when I get off work and then perhaps we could talk and maybe have dinner?"

Jan thought for a minute and then said, "What time do you get off work? I have a meeting at noon and it will, probably, go until 2:30 or 3:00pm."

"My shift ends at 3:30. What hotel are you staying in?"

"I'm at the Excelsior downtown, do you know it?"

"Yeah, my condo is about 3 blocks away. I'll come to your hotel at 4:00 and will wait for you in the lobby if your meeting hasn't finished."

"I can't wait!" Jan replied.

I took down all of the information I needed for her baggage claim and then we said our goodbyes. I was in a state of euphoria knowing I was going to spend the evening with this woman whom I had adored all of those years ago. Since the day was slow and all the work in baggage service was caught up I asked for and got permission to leave early for the day. I caught the light rail from the airport to the downtown area and made the 4 block walk to my condo with Jan's bag in tow. It was a lovely summer afternoon which made the walk very nice. When I got home I shed my uniform, took a shower and then dressed in my casual clothes. I made it to Jan's hotel five minutes early and went to the front desk to ask for Jan's room. The concierge called up to her room and when he was satisfied that I was the person Jan was expecting directed me to room 1503.

Moments after I knocked on her door it swung open and I was engulfed in a bear hug. I could feel Jan's ample bosom pressing into my chest as we hugged so I hugged her back with equal gusto. When Jan broke the hug, she held me at arm's length and looked into my eyes with a bright smile. "Come in and have a seat" Jan beckoned.

Her hotel room was a suite of rooms with a small sitting room and a bedroom. There was a small settee and an armchair next to a small coffee table along with a TV, desk and small refrigerator in the sitting room. I sat on the settee and Jan took the chair. She offered me a drink from the 'minibar' that was the refrigerator. She grabbed a small bottle of white wine for herself and I had a beer. 

"Don't worry, my company will pay for this." Jan said. "I have been thinking about you and our days at Roman Hills all day since the airport! Do you remember when we were partners for 'slave day'? I had to beg you to have me do things. Were you afraid I was going to break or something?"

I laughed and said, "Something like that! I was in total awe that you chose me to be your partner! Here I was, this geeky kid who had no clue about girls, asked to partner with prettiest girl in our class, if not the school! I was in way over my head! You've probably deduced it by now, I had a huge crush on you in those days."

I could see Jan blush at my words. "Well, I always thought you were cute and wondered why you never asked me out."

"I had no idea about that kind of stuff. It took me a few years to get the nerve to ask a girl out on a date."

We sat and talked for several hours while we cleaned out the 'minibar' in her room. We talked about kids we remembered from our days in school and then about what happened later in our lives. Jan's family had left our little town for the state capitol where she lived until she went off to college. She had been married for a few years but it had been a disaster so she divorced and took back her old last name. I told her about my family moving out of state, then me going off to college in Chicago and finally getting my airline job so I could travel the world.

"You never got married, Jimmy?" Jan asked.

"No. I came close a couple of times, but then one or both of us would break things off. I, sometimes, regret it because it would have been nice to have a partner to share the travel with but I can't complain. I'm getting hungry, how about you?"

"I'm famished! Where should we go?"

I rattled off a number of different restaurants in the area and we decided on a Lebanese place that was about 6 blocks away. As we walked to the restaurant Jan took my hand in hers as we continued talking. Since it was Friday night the restaurant was fairly busy but we did get a nice table for two. During our meal, I asked Jan how long she was going to be in town.

"I have, kind of, a weird schedule. I had the meeting this afternoon and then another meeting on Monday before leaving on Tuesday. You wouldn't happen to have tomorrow off, would you?"

I smiled like I had hit the jackpot! "Not only am I off tomorrow but I have Sunday off too! I can show you around town or go to museums. Whatever you would like."

"That sounds wonderful. Since you don't have to be up early should we make an evening of it? I saw a wine bar as we walked here, would you be interested?" Jan asked.

"I was going to suggest the same thing! They have a lot of great local wines and it's not too loud, as bars on Friday night go."

We wandered down to the wine bar and drank until about 11:00. As we left I could tell I was a bit tipsy and I'm sure Jan was feeling the same way. She held my arm tightly as we walked back to her hotel and in the elevator, up to her room. After she opened her door she turned to face me. "I had a wonderful evening, I hate to have it end." Jan pulled me into another hug and then she kissed me on the lips with a quick peck. She looked into my eyes, smiled and then I kissed her back with a more lingering kiss. I felt her mouth open as we kissed so I opened mine as our tongues met and danced. We stood in her doorway for ten minutes making out like teenagers until Jan said, "Want to come in?"

We broke apart long enough for us to enter her room, close the door and make it to the middle of the room. We then embraced again kissing each other like we were making up for 25 years. I was in a state of shock that I was kissing the girl of my junior high dreams. It was better than anything I could have dreamed of. As we kissed I ran my hands up and down Jan's back and she did the same to me. Finally, after about 30 minutes of kissing, Jan asked, "Should we go to the bedroom?"

I looked into Jan's eyes and said, "Only if you want to. I don't want you to feel forced into anything. But if you do, you would make my dreams come true." 

Jan smiled brightly and said, "I want this more than anything!"

We broke our embrace and walked into the bedroom. We stopped at the foot of the bed and began undressing each other. Jan unbuttoned my shirt and let it fall from my shoulders onto the floor and then I did the same with hers. Jan leaned down and took each of my nipples into her mouth and sucked them hard while nibbling lightly. My penis really liked this treatment and went from mostly hard to massively turgid! When she lifted her head, I reached behind her and undid her lacy bra. As her breasts were exposed I gave her nipples the same treatment she had given mine. Jan moaned loudly and ran her fingers through my hair as I sucked and nibbled on her very hard nipples.

Jan then reached for my belt and unfastened it and then unbuttoned and unzipped my pants and let them fall to the floor. As I stepped out of my pants I reached over and undid Jan's pants and then pushed them off of her hips to the floor. Jan's panties matched her bra and looked very nice. My boxers, however, were strained to the max with my erection. Jan bent over and pushed my boxers down and my penis finally broke free from any confinement. Jan gasped and asked, "Is that for me?" She then kissed the head of my penis very delicately before standing back up. It was my turn to push Jan's panties off of her and when they were on the floor I stood up and took in Jan's beauty.

She had a classic hourglass shape with fairly large breasts that were capped with medium sized areolae and long hard nipples, a trim stomach and nice hips. Her pubic hair was trimmed very short so that you could make out her labia but she wasn't shaved. I stood and stared in amazement at Jan for several moments before I took her in my arms and kissed her deeply. I held her body close to mine as we kissed enjoying the feel of her skin against mine. I pulled away from the kiss for a moment, looked into Jan's eyes and said, "I think I have been waiting for this moment all of my life."

Jan smiled and said, "I think I have too." We then kissed each other again with intense passion for several minutes until Jan suggested we get on the bed. We led each other onto the bed, lay down on our sides facing each other and continued our embrace. I ran my hands all over Jan's body taking in the feel of her back, ass and breasts. Her skin felt so soft to my touch I was in heaven. Jan was running her hands all over me too, though I don't think she found my skin to be particularly soft. I fondled her left breast for a while, feeling the weight of it and rubbing her nipple between my thumb and forefinger, which caused her to moan. 

After several minutes Jan reached down and began caressing my erection which caused me to moan. Her soft hands felt very nice as she stroked my length slowly. I decided to reciprocate and reach down to touch Jan's vulva. Her outer labia were very swollen and I could detect moisture as my fingers worked their way deeper between her lips. As I rubbed my hand up and down between her lips Jan began to moan constantly and groaned very loudly when my fingers found her vaginal opening. She was so hot and wet as I dipped a finger into her depths. She spread her legs wide for me allowing unfettered access to her love pot.

"I need you in me, Jimmy!" Jan cooed as I stroked her pussy. I rolled around on top of her in the classic missionary position. She still had a grip on my penis, as I lifted my hips she placed me at her opening and I slowly pushed deep into Jan's depths. We both moaned as I pushed into her vagina. The sensations on my cock were fantastic. She was hot and tight and felt like we were made to be together. I slowly sawed in and out of Jan's wet vagina enjoying every inch of penetration as I delved deeper and deeper into her. We were both moaning as we enjoyed our union. 

I hadn't had sex in several months so I wasn't too confident about my staying power but I decided not to worry too much. Jan had wrapped her legs around my ass and was pulling me into her faster and harder. Her breath was quickening as was mine as we continued fucking each other. After a while Jan cried out, "OH MY GOD, JIMMY! I'M GOING TO CUM!! I'M GOING TO CUM!!!"

And cum she did! She began shaking and moaning while I continued to pound her pussy looking for my own release.

A couple of minutes after Jan climaxed I did too. I cried out, "I'M CUMMING JAN! I'M CUMMING!"

"CUM IN ME JIMMY! I WANT YOU TO CUM IN MY PUSSY!"

I began to shoot my load deep into Jan as spasm after spasm wracked my body. It felt like I was pumping gallon upon gallon of my sperm into her. When my orgasm finally ebbed, I collapsed on top of Jan and began kissing her. Our tongues danced as we tried to absorb each other with our mouths. I was in a state of ecstasy and never wanted the night to end.

Finally, I rolled off of Jan and we both laid on the bed staring at the ceiling. Jan then asked, "Was it everything you dreamt it would be, having sex with me?"

I rolled over onto my side to face her, propping my head on my hand. "Truthfully, I wasn't old enough to dream about sex with you. I did dream about kissing and holding you a lot and that wildly exceeded my dreams as a kid. If I had dreamt of sex with you I don't believe my imagination would have measured up to the reality!" I stared into Jan's eyes and looked at her smiling face. "You know, you are more beautiful now than when we were in school! I always lamented when your family moved away and wished that I had been able to grow up around you."

"Who knows what would have happened if we had stayed in that little town." Jane said. "Our lives would have been very different I'm sure. Maybe we would have got together and maybe we wouldn't have, who knows. But, I'm very happy we got together today. You are the best lover I have ever been with."

I leaned down and kissed Jan deeply with all of the passion I possessed and she returned the kiss with equal passion. When we broke the kiss we just laid there staring into each other's eyes. After a while I said, "I should, probably, get going."

A frown crossed Jan's face and then she asked "Would you consider staying here for the night?"

I smiled and said, "I would love to stay the night, I need a toothbrush though."

"There happens to be an extra toothbrush in the bathroom. Want to take a shower with me?"

"This day just gets better and better," I said.

We both got out of bed and jumped into the shower to wash the evening's activities off ourselves and to prepare us for the next occasion. We scrubbed each other thoroughly from top to bottom. It was the single most enjoyable shower of my life. When we finished our shower, we brushed our teeth and then returned to the bed. Jan had turned off all of the lights in the hotel room except one of the bedside lamps. I had turned down the bedding and laid down awaiting Jan as she tended to the lights. When she got into bed she threw her leg over my head and straddled my face as she reached out and grabbed my flaccid penis. At her touch, my cock arose to its full glory, ready, once again, for my school days' crush to bring me to a climax. 

I pulled Jan's hip down so that her vagina landed on my mouth and inhaled her bewitching aroma and tasted her ambrosia. As I licked deeper and deeper into her cleft I could taste remnants of our earlier coitus mixed with her dew. I had long decided that if the woman could taste my sperm so could I. I licked up and down Jan from her clitoris to her opening relishing every bit of her. Jan was working wonders on my penis and made it difficult to concentrate but I wanted to give as good as I got. I began concentrating on her clit and she began grinding down on my face until, all of a sudden, Jan experienced her second orgasm of the night. As her climax ebbed she relaxed her pressure on my face and I moved my tongue to lap up the dew she created.

Her ministrations on my cock were wearing me down as I could feel my own climax begin to build slowly. I began to get a little lustier and pulled Jan down a bit so I could lick her anus. She groaned a little but didn't pull away so I kept rimming and probing her ass with my tongue. Apparently, she liked it because she began grinding her ass down on my tongue. My own orgasm was now at a critical level so I pulled my mouth away from Jan's ass for a moment to alert her to the fact that I was about to cum, once again. Jan redoubled her effort on my cock and I returned my attention to her rosebud.

As my orgasm hit me I let out a deep groan as jism exploded from the end of my cock. Jan took me deep into her mouth as she sucked down my offering with gusto. When Jan was convinced she had sucked me dry she turned around and laid in my arms. We kissed for a while and then Jan reached over and turned off the bedside lamp. She then laid back down and turned her back to me and snuggled up against me. I pulled her close and held her tight.

"You have a very talented mouth." I said. "That was the best blowjob I have ever had!"

"Thank you. You have a pretty talented mouth yourself. I've never had anybody lick my anus before." Jane retorted. "I kind of liked it. Where did you learn that little trick?"

"I had a girlfriend in college who did it to me. I had never thought of the anus as something sexual until that moment. I loved the feeling of it when she did it to me and I thought I would do it to you to see if you liked it."

"Well, I might have to try it out on you, tomorrow!"

"I can't wait! Is there anything else you want to do tomorrow?"

"I can think of a lot of things I would like to do tomorrow! Thank you for a wonderful afternoon and evening, by the way."

"It was my pleasure." My mind began racing with all of the possibilities that lay in store as I drifted off to sleep.

When I awoke in the morning, it took me a while to get my bearings and remember where I was. Jan was still asleep and I really needed to relieve myself. I got out of bed as quietly as I could, went to the bathroom, emptied my bladder guzzled a couple of glasses of water, and then crept back into bed. I snuggled back up to Jan and waited for her to wake up. I may have dozed off again but awoke again when she stirred. She stretched languidly and turned to face me.
