 So, the temp agency sent me to an office downtown. I guess it didn't matter what kind of office, I was basically assigned to do light clerical work; typing and filing. I don't mind this kind of work. I just moved to this town and had not been here long enough to pursue a full-time job. I was still scoping out the opportunities and neighborhoods but needed to make some money in the meantime. Temp work suited me just fine for now.

My smaller desk was just behind the larger receptionist desk. Apparently, my assignment was to help her catch up. She had been on vacation. Someone had been hired to man her desk, but only that. Her worked just piled up and she needed to get a handle on the backlog.

She was sorting through all her stacks of papers spilling out of her in-box that laid between us on her desk. She sorted through her stack of papers piling them in shorter stacks. As each reached to about a quarter inch high, she would slap a sticky-note on the top page with a name directing me to whom it should be delivered.

The first addressee was just around the corner from reception. I confirmed I was in the right place and put the stack of papers in the secretary's inbox.

The next delivery went to a guy who had no secretary but did have an inbox. His desk was on the other side of the office.

Next, she had me photocopy a sheet of announcements and insert one sheet into every mailbox in the mail room.

Then I continued with the deliveries of the stacks of paperwork. The day went on uneventfully until I was given the last stack of papers to deliver. This pile was to be delivered to a guy whose office was in a secluded area in the back of the office building. It actually took me a while to find it.

I knocked on his door lightly and entered with my stack of papers. As I made the move to place them in his inbox, I dropped the entire stack. Papers flew everywhere. What a bad time to be wearing black thigh-highs and a short skirt...

"Oh my, let me help you," he said.

I was on my knees picking up papers. "Thank you. I'm so sorry." 

He also moved to his knees. I looked up and our eyes met. His were like soft, kind, chocolate drops. I melted immediately. It felt like a bolt of electricity went through my body. It was one of those rare instant connections. His lips looked delicious through his mustache. He put his hands on my upper arms and pulled me closer for a kiss. 

He kissed his way down my neck, at the same time unbuttoning my blouse. He cupped my breasts, pushed up my bra and fondled my nipples stiffening with his touch. I heard myself moan. He sucked my nipples and ran his hands down my sides. Each of us moved from our knees to laying on our sides. He took off his pants. 

He slid his hands under my skirt, found the ribbons that tied on each side of my panties and pulled to untie the bows. I slowly pushed them down off my pussy then used my foot to move them further down my legs. He spread my legs apart and rubbed his bare legs against my silky soft thigh-high stockings. Then rubbed his hands down the inside of my thighs.

One of his hands moved to massaging my breast, the other hand was caressing my bush. 

Then he moved his head between my thighs and kissed my pussy lips, licking them until my back arched uncontrollably. My natural aroma was very strong, my pussy was swelling, and my juices were oozing out. He stuck his tongue inside of me licking in and out then moved up to find my clit. He pushed my clit gently with his tongue, then increased the pressure. He pushed a finger into my slit. I was so excited that I grasped his finger with my vaginal muscles. He thrust his finger in and out while I thrust my hips up and down. When I came, I came hard. Damn, it ripped through me.

Now it was his turn.

He was already on his back. His dick was hard from his satisfaction of pleasuring me. I licked my hand and began massaging his balls. My other hand stroked his shaft and my tongue lapped up a drop of pre clear fluid before I was able to engulf his entire cock into my awaiting, wet mouth. My tongue danced over his swelling crown. I dripped a little spittle on his head and then climbed on. I got him buried in me right up to his balls, and then began gently fucking him. I squeezed him with my internal muscles while I moved up and down. I could feel him cum, hear him moan, and then relax.

We suddenly came to our senses. I had to pick up these papers and check in with the front desk receptionist ASAP.

He was smiling. He handed me his business card. "Call me." he said, "Maybe we can do this again sometime."