 She thinks to herself that this is only another dream. She wishes it wasn't, but she knows it is. 

... She hears the door close and turns around to find him... The man that she has wanted for sometime... He walks up behind her pulling her beautiful red hair to the side so he can kiss her neck... She feels his warm inviting breath on her.. She closes her eyes and enjoys what is about to happen to her, And their friendship... His hands wonder down her soft, full, rounded body .. Feeling every lovely curve that her body has to offer... She feels his hardening dick up against her... She knows that he is enjoying this.. He is glad that his advances are not unwelcome... He swings her around and stares deeply into her hazel eyes while he is running his hands through her soft red hair... He then pulls her head back to expose her neck and begins kissing her down her neck back up to her ear where he whispers that they should get more comfortable... With that she lifts her head up to meet his lips.. 

They share such a passionate kiss while each of them explore the others body... As their hands are exploring he lifts her shit to expose her bra covered size C breast... he cups each one in his hands bending down to kiss each one. She then pulls his shirt over his head to expose his muscular chest and arms... She pulls him closer and begins to nibble lightly on each of his hardened nipples... He moans with such pleasure... To feel her so close to him... He searches for the clasp on her bra and un-does it to expose her soft milky white tits... He takes them in his hand and with his fore finger and thumb tweaks each nipple... He bends over once again to nibble on her hardened nipples... She throws her head back with such pleasure... 

She pulls him up to share another kiss... Her hands move down toward his tight jeans and feels his hard cock and lightly squeezes it showing him her interest... She finds the button and un-does it then unzips his jeans... She pulls them down very carefully to expose his hard cock... She kneels down in front of him and begins slowing kissing around his shaft and over his balls, His knees are weak she can feel him tremble with anticipation of what is to come... 

She continues to tease him by licking and kissing around his balls and the base of his dick... She can see the glistening on the head of his dick from the pre-cum that had developed.. She licks up the shaft until she is at the head of his dick.. She licks up the pre-cum savoring his taste... With one swift move she takes his dick into her mouth and starts giving him head like he has only dreamed of... 

Once he can no longer take it.. He pulls her up and kisses her again while pulling her pants down and off... He feels her wetness between her legs and teases her with his fingers... He lays her down while kissing her and working his way down her neck, across each of her breast, down her stomach, until he reaches the top of her red mound... where he licks down her slit to her clit... She is moans in pleasure... He knows he has found the right spot... He takes a finger and inserts it into her hot wet pussy while taking her clit into his mouth and sucking and nibbling on it... He brings her to orgasm making sure not to let any of her sweet juices escape .. He then kisses his way back up to meet her lips.. She welcomes his kiss and cleans his lips of her taste... 

Spreading her legs he then takes his dick to meet her pussy and teases her with it... She tries to pull him closer without any luck... He keeps probing between her wet pussy lips pushing it in just a little more at a time making sure to pull just about all the way out... After teasing her this way for what seems like forever with one push he pushes his dick all the way inside of her tight wetness... Making her call out his name... He keeps up a good rhythm until he makes her juices flow all over his dick then he slows the rhythm to make sure he does not exploded just yet... Just moving slightly in and out of her... 

She rolls him over and starts kissing him... She moves over to his ears and start nibbling on them... He wonder how she knows that this drives him crazy.. She then kisses down his neck, down to his chest and finds each of his nipples and kisses and nibbles on them before working her way down his stomach to his hard cock... She takes him into her mouth... Tasting his juices mixed with her own makes her moan with pleasure... He stops her after a few mins of this and pulls her up where she positions herself just right so his hard cock slides right in... She starts rocking back and forth and up and down.. She knows she has total control of him now and moves just right to make herself build to another orgasm... She tosses her back and moans. She enjoys feeling his hard cock inside of her... He knows he is about to explode and wants control of this... So he slides from under her... He places himself behind her and takes her from behind so he can pump his cock in and out of her hot wet pussy... He places his hands at her waist to pull her towards him while he is pushing in and out of her... He is ready to explode... His pace quickens and he does explode.. Moving from behind her he lays down beside her and takes her in his arms and says, "I had no idea..."