 Once again, thank you for al the feedback good and bad. I am still trying to learn to do this better and sometimes my grammar and punctuation isn't the best. But this is for free and this isn't a professional website so as long as everyone gets off who cares....right?

* * * * *

I suddenly sit up in bed and look at Susan and ask, "What do ya mean Mary never said it would be this good." Susan just sits up and looks at me and says "Don't get all excited, Mary called me this morning and told me all about the Class Reunion she had been to and the hot guy that she had slept with and when she explained to me who you were I knew right away that it was you." I then told her that I was your business manager for your St. Louis office and she is the one that suggested I seduce you, as you were very good in bed." "She is also the one that told me about your love for her shaved pussy so I shaved mine just for you. Until today I have always had a pussy full of hair." " I am even gonna go get it periced now as Mary said you also loved her pericings, and besides it makes it much more sensitive." 

I sat there letting everything that Susan had just told me soak in and just had to laugh to myself. "Well I guess it is a small world." "Just how do you know Mary." Susan the tells me, " I met Mary in college, she was going to school for modeling while I was a business major." "But, until today we never knew that we both also knew you, it was quite a surprise when she said the name of your DJ business and I realized I was your business manager." She went on to say, " Mary told me that you were not very popular in HS and that she had turned you down for a prom date and now after seeing you years later wishes she wouldn't have as her date ended up being a tiny dicked 10 second wonder."

I laughed and said, " Well at the age I didn't last much longer then that but I did have my size then." I then told Susan, "Don't worry, I am not mad at ya for what has happened, could make for a interesting time someday though if you catch my drift." Susan then looks me in the eye and says, "Trust me, there will be a day when we all get together and have some fun." 

We then proceded to make love one more time, a nice long gentle round of love making and then fell asleep in each others arms. When I woke up, Susan was not in bed with me and I looked at the clock on the bedside table and noticed it was 1:30pm. So I got up and jumped into the shower and put on a fresh pair of jeans and a shirt and went out into the the main office. Susan was on the phone with a client taking down some last minute details from the bride that they wanted done at the wedding coming up. When she hung up the phone I said, "good morning, or should I say good afternoon." She gave me a smile with a twinkle in her eyes and said, " Good morning to you to." She then went on to say, "Are ya staying in town for long or will ya be heading back to Texas soon." I told her that I would be heading back for Texas as soon as I got done shopping for the new equipment and vans, but I would definately be back this way very soon. She then replied," How about in 3 weeks, Mary will be her for a visit at that time." I could just about see the mischevious things she was thinking and told her, "I will be here then." I then found out the exact dates and Susan turned on the answering machine and we went and bought the new equipment and the vans. I bought the best and newest state of the art equipment and got a excellent deal on the Vans as the dealership took the old ten in on trade even though they had to wait to get them. I just told them the shape they were in and the estimated amount of miles each one had and they gave me a figure for each one on trade. Considering I was buying 10 Vans at one time it ended up being a very good deal. We then 1 by 1 got the vans and equipment back to the shop and Susan called all the DJ's in so that she could show them how to work the new equipment. She told them all to be there around 8pm and it was now 6pm so I took her out for a quick bite to eat and then said my goodbyes and hit the road at about 7:30pm. I drove for about 4 hours and it was starting to rain out pretty good so I decide to stop and get a room for the night. So I stopped in a little town along the interstate and got a room at a Best Western Hotel." I was feeling kinda sore so I rented a room that had a jacuzzi in it and decided to soak in the jacuzzi for awhile before I went to sleep. After soaking for awhile I got on my lap top computer and checked my e-mails and noticed that my Madison, WI office had e-mailed me with the subject, VERY URGENT. Wondering what now I opened it to only find out the urgent message was that they were all of a sudden getting bombarded with calls for wedding dances and family reunions. I only have 5 systems in my Madison office and that wasn't enough to cover all the dances. So the manager was telling people that he would get back to them asap as he needed to contact me. I e-mailed him back and told him to go ahead and go out and buy 7 more systems and vans. I explained to him to go to the bank where we had our account and to get the money out of the account that would be needed for the vans and to charge the equipment to the company credit card. I also told him to remember that we didn't need anything real fancy for vans, just some cargo vans for hauling the equipment in, but to make sure they all had automatic transmissions and air conditioning. Also, I told him to go ahead and have CD players put in each one as I am sure the DJs would like that.

I then decide to go into a chat room and see what kinda trouble I could cause and logged into yahoo chat. I was in a younger girls looking for older men room when I noticed that there was a young lady from the town I was staying in in the room and private messaged her. We started to chat and I found out that she had just turned 18 that day and had no one to celebrate her birthday with and decide to get online and find someone to chat with. I found out her name was Trudy and that she was 5'7" and weighed about 125. She had blonde hair and green eyes and had her tongue and belly button periced. I wrote her back asking her why she had no one to spend her birthday with and she told me that she had just recently caught her boyfriend in bed with her best friend and that she broke it off with him and told her best friend to take a hike also. I told her that she was young yet and that she would find someone to love her that would realize what he had and wouldn't cheat on her. She then asked me my age and location and I told her I was 34 years old and my present location was here in town at the Best Western Hotel. She told me I was lying and I asked her if there was a nice place to eat in town that would be open this late. She told me the the truck stop was open yet and that the food was good there so I told her if she didn't believe me that she should meet me there in an hour. She accepted and asked me how she would know it was me and I told her that I would have a shirt that said JA's Music On Wheels on the back on. She said she would see me there if I was being truthful and logged off the computer. I logged off of mine and jumped into the shower real quik and shaved. I then put on my jeans and the shirt I told her I would be wearing and went to the truckstop. I ordered just a soda to start as I wanted to wait for her to get there before I ordered anything to eat. I was sitting there for about an hour when she walked up to me and said hello. I was stunned. She was beautiful. She had long blonde hair and I mean sun bleached blonde, but ya could tell it was 100% natural, no dark roots to be seen anywhere. The lightest green eyes that I had ever seen and a body that was made for loving.

She sat down and we started to chat. She asked me about the Music On Wheels and I explained to her about my Disc Jockey Services all over the country. She seemed very interested in what I had to say and just sat there and listened to every word I told her. We then ordered something to eat. Both of us just ordered salad. After about an hour I was feeling very comfortable with her and asked her if she would like to come back to my room and soak in the jacuzzi. She politely turned me down as she didn't think that was a very good idea as we had just met but that I should get on my computer when I got back to my room and she would also get on hers.

So we said our goodbyes and I gave her just a hug and a kiss on the check along with a birthday card and we both went our separate ways.

When I got back to my room I poured myself a drink from the bar in my room and logged back on my computer. She was already in the room we had met in and as soon as she saw me log in she invited me to a private room where it was just her and I. She then apologized again for not coming back to the room with me but that she felt we needed to get to know each other better first. I told her I totally understood where she was coming from as it was a cruel world we lived in. She then asked me if I had ever had cyber sex. I told her yes, I have many times as I have never been married and lots of times the computer was a way to have some fun. She then asked me if she could get personal with me and I said yes. She asked me how big my cock was, and I truthfully told her 9 inches. She then told me to get naked. She then started to explain to me what she would do if she had accepted my invitation back to my room. She told me that she would have started by slowly doing a strip tease for me. Slowly peeling her clothing off peice by peice. She told me that she was trimmed very short on her pussy and that she was getting very wet just thinking about what she would do to me. She said that she would start by slowly licking my cock from the head all the way to my balls, lightly and tenderly sucking each one into her mouth. She would then start licking me back up my shaft and teasing the head, She then would start to slowly suck me into her mouth, just sucking the head to start but would gradually work until she had the whole 9 inches in her mouth. She told me she loves to suck cock and had practiced with a vibrator until she could deep throat with out gagging. She was now to the point where she could deep throat 10 inches without gagging. She then told me how she would slowly work her mouth up and down my cock. Sliding up til just the head was in her mouth and the plunging down until she had the whole 9 inches in her throat. While she was telling me this my cock got rock hard so I started to slowly jack myself off while reading what she was telling me she would do to me. She was telling me that she would gradually build up speed and that she would be playing with my balls with one hand and using her other hand to follow her mouth up and down my shaft. I told her that if she did that to much she would get a mouthful. She said that is what she wanted, for me to cum in her mouth as she loved the taste of cum. She kept telling me that she would keep deep throating me and jacking me off with her mouth and hands. I was still jacking off and was getting close and told her so. She then told me to cum for her, that she wanted to taste everydrop I had to offer. She kept telling me that she wanted my cum on her tongue and down her throat and she would swallow every drop I gave her. I was still jacking off and when she said she would swallow every drop I started to cum. I told her I was cumming and she said yea, I can taste it, I can feel it sliding down my throat. I came all over my stomach and used a rag to wipe it off. I then told her to sit back as it was now my turn.

I told her I would start by kissing her and working my way down her neck and stopping at her nipples to kiss and suck them. Making them rock hard. She told me she was pinching them as I told her this and that they were indeed rock hard. I then would slide down till I reached her belly button and I would tease her belly pericing with my tongue as I have always said that they were a plaything for on the way down. I then would work my way down till I reached the top of her pubic hair and that I would then skip her pussy and start and ther feet and slowly lick my way up her right leg to her inner thigh. I would then blow air on her pussy and go back down to the foot of her left leg and proceed to lick her up her left leg to her inner thigh. She was then telling me to please quit teasing her and to eat her went hot young pussy. So I told her how I would start my lightly licking her outer lips, making her start to get wetter and wetter. I would then slowly spread her lips apart and lick up and down her pussy from the entrance all the way up to her clit, but skipping her clit and going back down and sticking my tongue into her. Tasting her sweet juices. 

I would then proceed to lick up down her pussy starting to lightly brush her hard clit. I would do this for awhile and keep teasing her, and she say, please no more teasing, make me cum. So I then tell her that I start to put more pressure on her clit and that I would slide one finger into her tight pussy and start to finger her slowly. Matching the speed of my finger with her tongue. She tells me that while I am telling her how I would eat her out she is playing with her pussy and that it is very, very wet. I tell her that teasing time is over and that I would start to suck on her clit. I would suck on it harder and harder while I was fingering her faster and faster. I would then add a second finger and suck her clit harder and harder. Just as I would feel her start to cum I would then slip a third finger slowly into her tight ass and she tells me that she is cumming. I would then drink every drop that she had to offer. She then types in, "I'M CUMMING" By now my cock is starting to get hard again and I start to jack off again. After about 5 minutes she types. That was awesome. I have never came that hard before even when I do it to myself. She then asks me if she can give me a present. I ask her and what is that. She then types in. "I want to give you..."

To be Continued..

* * * * *

Hope ya like the 3rd chapter of A Class Reunion to Remember. Write me and let me know what you think the present she wants to give Jon should be.