 When I lived in Paris, one day I found myself with a luxury... a day off with no one to answer to. My girlfriend and her brother were off buying stock, and as it was quiet, we had awarded ourselves a business day off. It was a gorgeous sunny day in early October, but it was lovely and warm. I decided to be a tourist for the day and to go see the sights of the wonderful City. Even though I had been in Paris for a few months I had only touched on the centre as I had been concentrating on the business that my girlfriend's brother was building up.

So, I had a nice breakfast in a cafe in the Montmartre where I lived. It's known as a hippy area, and is a quirky place to live. I took the Metro into the city and wandered around. I walked up the Left Bank of the Seine, looked across to Notre Dame Cathedral and watched the boats cruising up the river. It was a wonderful day; I had a spring in my step. The trees were a glorious colour and the streets were clean and remarkably quiet. I'm not an arty person, but I had never been to the Louvre before so I walked up to it. It is truly impressive. I found the correct entrance after a while and bought a guide. I followed the directions to find the Mona Lisa. It's actually quite disappointing when you see it, but at least I have seen it now. I spent a couple of hours wandering around but it is so huge you could easily spend a day in there.

I left there and walked up to the Arc de Triomphe which looked majestic against the blue sky. The colours of the French flags were vivid, it is a fabulous building.

I found myself walking towards the Place de la Concorde at the end of the Champs Elysees. This is really a massive square and has several monuments and statues on it. There is a huge obelisk, several pavilions and Government buildings as well as various sculptures, and right smack bang in the centre of the huge square are two fountains. I remember reading that they were supposed to be copy fountains of the ones in St Peters in Rome. They have these two structures coming from them at different heights, and the water is so powerful you can hear it from 100 yards away.

This is a truly beautiful place and tourists normally flock here, but today it was eerily quiet. I had been walking for an hour now and my feet were beginning to feel it as I walked over the hard cobbles of the square. At the back of the fountains there are stone benches built into the side where you can sit and touch the water, I thought I would sit there and take a break.

The bench on one of the fountains was empty, so I sat down and lit a cigarette. As I relaxed, I had a sudden urge to bathe my feet in the icy water of the fountain. I slipped my shoes off and rolled my socks off. I had a quick check to see if I was being watched...couldn't see anyone. I wasn't certain if this was permitted but as it was so quiet I thought 'fuck it'. So I turned and lowered both feet into the cold water. Jesus was it cold, but as I stirred my feet around they got used to the cold and it became very pleasant.

I was lost in my thoughts when a voice near to my left shoulder said "Do you know that is not permitted?"

I spun round, and saw a tall female in a long black coat over jeans smirking at me. First impressions I'd say she was around 40.

"Is it not?" I stammered..."I didn't know."

I had automatically taken my feet out of the fountain in reflex. I turned round fully to face her as my wet feet made puddles on the cobbles. There was something about her I couldn't place.

"Yes, you can get in trouble for bathing in the fountains; the police are very strict on it. But today as it's so quiet I'm sure you will be ok; just thought I should warn you." she replied.

She had a French accent but spoke English very well. She looked classy; blonde hair up in a ponytail, red scarf round her neck, jumper with her jeans, boots and coat. And she was very good looking with a nice figure.

"Thanks for the warning, how did you know I'm English?" I asked.

"You can just tell," she replied. "Plus I saw you in the Louvre and heard you asking for an English guide."

That's it!! I thought I could remember seeing her before, albeit briefly, as I was going into the Louvre. I did think at the time she looked attractive, but that was it. So what is she doing down here? "Oh yeah," I smiled. "Very good and observant of you. As you know the lie of the land, do you know the nearest place for coffee?" I asked. "I'm parched."

"Of course I do. I'm going there now. Do you want to come with me?" I joked about how could I possibly refuse and I followed her to a path at the side of the square bordering the gardens. The trees at this time of year were turning red and gold; the gardens looked stunning. Paris in autumn is amazing, and on a spectacular day like this it feels like paradise.

We walked to the pavement cafe about 300 yards away making small talk. I still hadn't found out why she was there and in the Louvre, but I wasn't complaining. I'd clocked a wedding ring and some nice jewellery; she really was classy. She kept an amused look on her face as we spoke, and she gently probed on what I was doing in Paris. She was surprised to find I lived in the Montmartre and that kept us busy till we reached the cafe.

We ordered coffees, sat down outside. I reached for my cigarettes. She looked and asked if she could have one. I offered her one and she asked me to light it for her. As I passed the lit cigarette to her, she ran her tongue round her lips to accept which I found amazingly sexy. This was one hot lady. Where is this going?

We chatted for around 20 minutes; she was easy company. She had taken her coat off in the warm sun and revealed a nice red jumper which outlined her full figure. She kept looking at me with piercing blue eyes as we spoke. I was beginning to feel a stirring. I suppose we were gently flirting as she played with my lighter on the table with her long fingers and red nails. Our coffees were long finished when she looked at me and asked what my plans were for the rest of the day. I told her I was planning some lunch and more general sightseeing as I didn't get the chance very often. She then dropped the bombshell.

"Well, I have an apartment on the other side of the gardens. I have salad and nice ham. I'm sure I could rustle up something you'd like."

"Of course" I stammered, taken aback. "How could I say no to such a generous offer? That's very kind of you." We then set off and as we walked she explained that she lives 'out of town' and she uses the apartment mainly at weekends or when her husband is away on business.

I asked if he was away at the moment; she looked at me and said "Of course" with a grin. I grinned back, mainly because I was becoming so excited it was difficult keeping my cool.

We were soon there. We walked round the side of a 3 storey building and through a courtyard full of gorgeous flowers and shrubs, with intoxicating smells. A really beautiful spot; also with a fountain in the middle. I joked that I could have bathed my feet in there. She laughed and said that I could make myself comfortable inside. She punched in a code, and we entered the hallway. There was an elevator on the right, stairs in front.

"I'm on the top floor and use the elevator." she said, as she pushed the call button.

In the elevator I noticed her scent, I hadn't really noticed it outside but in this cramped space it was very noticeable, with a lovely hint of orange.

We arrived on floor 3. There were 4 doors, we turned right and she took out her keys for the first oak door. In we went. As we went in she was taking off her coat which she hung in the hallway, inviting me to do the same. I followed her through the apartment; Christ it was nice, and oozed money. We went into the main lounge with double doors out to a balcony. Out there it overlooked the square; this must be worth a fortune!

"You like?" she asked.

"Yeah, not bad at all!" I laughed.

She looked at me quizzically and whispered "Are you really hungry, or would you prefer something else?" I didn't reply as I was thinking how best to answer.

She took 2 quick paces forward and put her arms round my neck and kissed me strongly. It caught me unawares at first, but I recovered enough to start kissing back as our mouths opened to each other and our tongues danced. She pulled herself against me; my arms went round her and we kissed furiously. She was grinding herself against me as she moaned into my mouth. She dropped one arm from my shoulders and grabbed my ass and pulled me in even closer to her. I could feel my cock swell as she rubbed against me. My hands were on her bum, kneading both cheeks, and I got one hand underneath and started stroking her outside of her jeans.

She broke. "This way" she said, grabbing my hand and pulling me down the hallway. She turned to the right into a fabulous bedroom with a huge bed covered in gold drapes. "I only have one request" she said. I nodded. "That this is our secret, and if I find you have broken your promise to keep this to ourselves, I will come after you." I nodded again.

She then looked at me and said ..."Ok, I want you to fuck me. You turned me on from the second I saw you, and I knew I had to have you today. One last thing, do you mind being filmed?"

"I don't think so, never really thought about it!" I gasped.

"Good" she said and turned, opened a cabinet and flicked a switch.

"I guess that means we are on film?" I laughed.

"Yes" she said, "And you had better be on your best behaviour."

With that, she pulled her jumper over her head revealing a black lace bra holding her generous breasts.

"Come here" she said, as I moved to her and we kissed again, this time more controlled. It was as if we knew what was happening and we had time. Her skin felt so soft. I caressed her as we kissed, while she reached down and stroked my hard cock outside of my chinos. "Mmmmm, is that all for me?" she purred into my ear.

"Every inch of it" I replied as she fumbled with my belt. Meanwhile I had managed to unclip her bra strap at the second attempt and lowered it to take in the view of her tits. She was big, lovely brown areola and long nipples, standing erect. I stroked her nipple whilst fondling her other breast. I then dipped my head down to gently suck on her nipple, whilst she freed my trousers which fell to the floor around my ankles. She reached into my trunks and pulled out my cock, which thankfully was at full length by now. I was now lapping both breasts whilst she wanked my cock, rubbing the head with her thumb. We were both groaning.

She stepped back."Get naked" she commanded. I stepped back to the bed and sat and threw my shoes and socks off. I used my feet to free my chinos, stood up and lifted my polo shirt over my head and stood facing her. Meanwhile, she had let her hair down, popped her jeans and rolled them off her legs. She faced me wearing just a black lace thong. We appraised each other.

"I have chosen well" she mused "you are perfect, I love your body and I especially love your cock." She licked her thumb and treasured the taste as she licked her lips. "I need your tongue inside me right now. Come here, on your knees."

I walked forward and got on my knees in front of her. "I call the shots, ok?" she demanded.

"Yeah" I trembled; this was a lady who was totally in charge, and I was loving it.

"I knew you would be mine, the second I saw you. Lick me, but leave my pants on." she ordered.

I leaned in and started to lick between her legs, as she was standing astride. I licked up her thighs, both sides, then along the top of her thong.

"Lower" she said forcibly. I then went for her, I licked outside her pants strongly, and I could smell her aroma. I used my hands to hold her legs as I tongued her pussy through her pants. "Jesus that's great" she said as she writhed under my mouth. "Roll my pants down slowly, and take them off completely." I did this as slowly as I could.

She now stood legs apart, her smooth pussy open for me. Her lips were puffed and moist, and her clit was poking out near the top of her slit. She had been waxed and she was absolutely smooth.

"Bring me off, and make it quick."

Her hands were in my hair as I leant in and started to eat her out thoroughly from the bottom to the top. I licked, nuzzled, and sucked at her; her juice now becoming obvious as it dripped on my chin. She tasted amazing, beautiful. I was kneading her ass as I licked her and her hands were ripping at my hair. Her legs were shaking as I continued to eat her glorious pussy.

"Let's move" she said and she moved to the bed, got on all fours with her ass facing me and scuttled up to the middle. She raised her ass in the air and said loudly "eat me from behind, and I mean both holes."

'Oh my God' I thought as I complied by moving in behind her on my knees. I got under her with my head and started licking her pussy with my tongue extended to its full limit. She lowered herself onto my face as I licked her mercilessly. She was moaning loudly, "c'mon c'mon!" she said as I saw her fingers appear and she rubbed her clit. She was dripping on my face, so wet; my face must have shone with her juices.

"I'm ready" she shrieked "eat my ass now, c'mon." I got out from under her then got both hands on her cheeks. Her rosebud was right there for me, and I moved in and started licking round it.

"No, eat my ass now - I'm on the edge" she demanded. I bent forward with my tongue out and pressed on the bud and pushed in as hard as I could.

It gave way, and my tongue slipped into her ass. "OH MY GOD, RIGHT THERE, RIGHT THERE, DONT STOP!!" I pushed and licked as best I could as she trembled her orgasm out for at least a minute.

Her pussy was gushing juice as she writhed when she came. I slipped two fingers fully inside her soaking pussy as I carried on with my tongue inside her ass. "Enough baby, enough." she gasped.

So I removed my mouth and fingers as she collapsed on the bed, breathing heavily. I was covered in sweat with the effort I had made to bring her to orgasm. She turned round and lay next to me. "You are a very talented boy. That was great. I don't always do this, but you are now going to cum in my mouth; don't move."

I lay there on my back as she straddled me and took me in her mouth. She went from base to tip, worshipping my cock, kissing, licking, and swallowing my pre cum and rubbing the swollen head in her mouth. Her hand played with my balls as she milked me. Her mouth went all the way down my cock as she relaxed her throat muscles to take it all in. Her other hand played with my ass as she gently stroked it, then she slowly slid her finger inside me.

This sent me over the edge, I was writhing with her mouth impaled on me as she throated me and fingered my ass. "I'm coming now!" I shouted, as she raised her head and replaced it with her hand as she squatted, waiting for me.

I exploded into her waiting mouth as she wanked every drop out of me. I pulsed and pulsed; she swallowed every drop then waited until I had stopped thrusting before going back to me and licking me clean.

She lay back on the bed, her wonderful body glistening, breasts heaving with hard nipples pointing up and her legs wide apart. "Thank you. That was absolutely fabulous and will look great on film." she gasped as we came down.

"You are great" she said, "I'm not finished with you yet."

"Thank god for that," I replied "I want you so much."

"Let's have some wine" she said, "follow me." So we padded through to the kitchen, she opened a double door fridge and took out a bottle of white wine. She poured into two crystal glasses and we drank. "Kiss me" she demanded.

So we kissed tenderly as she fondled my cock, which amazingly was showing signs of coming back to life. We kissed for fully 5 minutes as she rubbed and stroked me, and I fingered her pussy gently with one finger. "Oh Jesus Graeme, I'm ready for you again. I want your cock inside me."

She dragged me back to the bedroom, and kissed me again.

"Lie on your back" she ordered.

I lay back, arms above my head. She ordered me back to the headboard. She then came up the bed to me as my cock twitched. She bowed her head to suck me again, and then straddled me with her thighs on either side of my legs and lowered herself onto me. She steadied herself with one hand on the headboard. She used one hand on my cock as she sunk on to me slowly until she was fully down on my thighs. We were both panting as we started to fuck slowly, and then we found a rhythm. She was controlling me and squeezing her pussy around me as she built up pace. Jesus she was amazing. Her breasts were in my face as I licked sucked and bit her nipples gently as she fucked my cock. She was now slapping down on me, drawing out till she nearly lost me then slamming back down as she demanded my cum inside her.

On and on, I felt her ass as I stretched my arms round her. "OH MY FUCKING GOD!" she trembled. "OH YES, FUCK ME FUCK ME FUCK ME, FUCK MY CUNT FUCK MY CUNT; OH YESSSSS!!" she exploded, as I spurted inside her. I groaned as she screwed me relentlessly. She squeezed every drop from me as she kissed me and quivered as her climax relented.

"That was fabulous, truly" she said.

"You are the best ever" I gasped.

"Yes and don't forget it. If you behave yourself, maybe we can do this again. Only next time I will get my toys out", she replied with a broad smile. We spent 5 minutes stroking each other, kissing and holding each other close.

Afterwards, we showered together in a huge wet room where I licked her to orgasm against the wall, and she blew me -- though I did not cum into her mouth this time; she had drained me. As I dressed to leave, she came into the lounge and popped a cd into my jacket pocket. "That is for your eyes only," she nodded "and this is for you too." She held a plain business card with a number on it.

I kissed her again, she walked me to the door and we said goodbye.