 I looked across my desk at Katie. She looked tired and a little warm. We'd been in the office for almost fourteen hours straight and the air conditioning had stopped working about six hours ago. Our company was moving to new offices over the weekend, and while Katie and I both should have been at our respective homes enjoying the start of the weekend, we'd instead been forced to stay at the office. All of our other IT support folks were involved in moving the company's equipment, while at the same time, our company's network was being subjected to a denial-of-service attack. So Katie and I were assigned to keeping the company's web servers up and running (and customers happy!) until the IT folks could install the replacement systems at the new office.

It should have already been completed, but we'd just talked to our folks over at the new office and they were missing a vital piece of equipment and were busy trying to track down a replacement that would work. It was coming up on midnight and we likely had at least another 12 hours to go. The DDoS attack had quieted down, so we were left with little to do except monitor the website and look for signs the attacks had picked back up again.

"Okay... bored now" I said, with a bit of a smile.

Katie smiled in return, "Yeah, me too. It wasn't so bad when we were busy, but this night seems like it is going to take forever."

My smile became a little more ironic. "Would that be so bad? I mean, it sucks and all, but at least they promised we'd get some extra vacation days out of it and this is a lot more fun with you here than when Ryan was in your job." Ryan had been the person Katie replaced, and while he was good at the job, he was about as interesting to spend time with as a piece of drywall. Katie was even better at the job, and she and I always had interesting conversations. It didn't hurt that she was gorgeous: a tall and tight body, blonde hair, and blue eyes. However with both of us being married and me being quite a bit older, we'd quickly become friends but nothing more.

"I guess you're right. I...Ow!" She suddenly grabbed at her neck.

"What's wrong?"

"Oh, I guess I was sitting in one place too long looking at this damn screen and now I've got a muscle spasm in my neck." She was obviously in quite a bit of pain.

I got up from my desk and walked over. "Here," I said, "let me see if I can help." I gently removed her hand from her neck and slowly and tenderly started to work out the tension in her neck and shoulders.

She made a happy sighing sound. "Mmmm. David, that feels really nice. Where'd you learn to do that?"

"Here and there. Mostly it just takes a little empathy to understand how and where to push in the right way." I didn't add that it helped to have really strong fingers and hands, but that helped too.

"A little higher on the right side please," she asked. I obliged, sliding my thumb up the side of her neck while applying a little bit of pressure and motion. She let out a small moan, and despite being tired and hot, I felt myself respond. "I need you to teach my husband how to do that. He's... well, he doesn't have your touch."

"It can be hard for some people to notice what's working and what's not I guess. I know Mary appreciates it, especially when..."

"Especially when what?"

I had been about to say "when she gets a leg cramp during sex," but had censored myself. "Um... when she's been really active for a long time," I finished, hoping it didn't sound as lame to her as it did to my own ears. I continued to massage her neck and shoulders, gradually feeling the tightness melt away.

"Oh, that's so much better!" Katie stood up and stretched, and I couldn't help but appreciate how her clothes slid along her toned body as she did so. As it was casual Friday and the last day in the office before the move, we were both in pretty casual clothes. I had on jeans and a t-shirt, while Katie was in fairly tight jeans and a mens-style button down Oxford. She looked much better in her clothes than I looked in mine. There's something about a woman in a button-down Oxford that just does it for me, you know? Seeing her stretch like that and watching as the fabric of her shirt was pulled taut by the fullness of her breasts was probably the best thing to happen to me that day so far.

She turned around with a coy glance. "So, does your wife often get really active for long periods of time?" Her tone of voice sounded completely innocent, but between her words and how she looked at me when she said them, I couldn't help but realize that perhaps something had changed.

I decided to play along. "Hmm... maybe four or five times a week or so? Not as often as when we were younger, but often enough I guess." I must have said something wrong. It was like a shadow passed over Katie's face. Had I misinterpreted what I thought was flirting? Katie and I were more "work friends" than "friend friends" but she'd been exposed a little bit to my ability to make pretty much anything sound dirty - and I'd definitely made that line sound pretty damn dirty.

She sat back down. "David, can I ask you something?"

"Of course. Whatever you need to."

"You and Mary have been married for more than twenty years, right?"

"Yep. Twenty-three years next August."

"Have you and she... I can't believe I'm going to ask this, but I'm at the end of my rope. Have you and she ever had a dry spell? You know, physically?" She looked like she was on the verge of tears.

"Sure. I think everyone married that long goes through them from time to time. It's just part of marriage. In our case, she had some health issues that affected our love life for almost five years. But through some new medication and her working hard to recover her sex drive, we bounced back just fine." Katie's look of relief seemed to speak volumes. "Why? Are you and Justin having issues? I mean I wouldn't ordinarily ask, but considering we're already in the middle of this conversation, seems silly to bail out now."

"So... as you know, Justin and I will have been married three years in July. And he... are you sure you want to hear all this?"

"Katie, I've always liked and respected you and I think you feel the same about me. Let's just ignore the fact we work together and just talk as two friends."

She smiled at me. "Thank you David. That means a lot."

"Anyway - so we've been married almost three years, and the sex...well, the sex just stopped. I don't know what happened! It was fine for all the years we dated and when we were engaged, but then he slipped this ring on my finger and it just seems to have stopped. Like a top that just wound down." The tears that had just been hinted at earlier stood bright in her eyes.

"I hope you'll excuse me if this sounds indelicate, but 'it just seems to have stopped' makes it sound like something abstract. Is it that you still want to have sex and he doesn't?"

"Yes, you're absolutely right. I guess I've been framing it that way in my head for so long because if I don't, I just get so mad! Yes, it's that he doesn't want to have sex any more."

"This is going to be sort of the 'have you tried turning it off and on again' tech support question, but have you talked to him about this?"

"I couldn't for the longest time. I think partly I was afraid he just didn't want to have sex with *me* anymore. And I think partly I was just afraid to bring it up in general. What do they say? 'Don't ever ask a question you don't already know the answer to'?" She looked down at her hands, and in a small voice added, "We've been together since college. I've never even really been with anyone else and I guess part of it is also I'm just wasn't sure what 'normal' is."

"What's 'normal' is probably a conversation for later, but you eventually talked to him about how you were feeling?"

"Yes. Just this past weekend in fact. We'd gone out to dinner and had a really nice time. I'd had a couple of drinks and was feeling on top of the world. And I guess a little horny. I mean it's been FOREVER. And I was looking forward to ripping his clothes off when we got home."

"So what happened?"

"We got home and he said he wanted to take a shower first. So while I waited for him to get out of the shower, I put on my sexiest lingerie, dabbed a little perfume in all the right places..."

"Fully baiting the trap, I see."

She giggled. "Yes, the trap was set. And I waited. His shower took longer than usual and I was fighting to hang on to the feeling from earlier when he finally came out. He was already wearing his sleep pants and an old t-shirt! He climbed into bed and went to turn off the light on his side of the bed. Like he was just going to roll over and go to sleep!"

"What did you do?" I asked. I had some idea, but I wanted to hear it from her. I had noticed how upset she'd seemed at the beginning of the week.

"Honestly? I threw a bit of a fit. It's not exactly clear to me now, but I said something like 'what the hell is wrong with you?!' and then I cried a lot."

"What did he say?"

"Oh that sticks out clearly in my memory. 'Katie, I'm sorry. I'm just not that interested in sex any more.' Like it was the most normal thing in the world! Like people don't continue to have sex most of their lives! He added something about how it wasn't me, it was him and again how he was sorry. Sorry! Like he'd spilt something on my dress!" At this point, she broke down sobbing. 

I pulled her out of her chair and just hugged her while she cried. "B... bu... but that's not even the worst part! I found out later that he's been jacking off all the time. He does want to have sex, but just not with me!" Her sobbing now had an edge of real grief and she shook with the force of crying.

I reached up and caressed her cheek. "So you married an idiot then? Yeah, I could see how that could be a problem." The unexpectedness of my comment surprised a laugh out of her.

She leaned her face into my hand. "Yes. That's the problem exactly. I married a fucking idiot. Or rather a non-fucking idiot." We both laughed.

The light was back in her eyes and the sobbing had stopped. She leaned forward a bit and looked me straight in the eyes. "But you're not an idiot, are you David?" And then she kissed me. Her breath was sweet, and her lips supple and warm. Our tongues met and then there was nothing but that kiss for some unmeasurable amount of time.

She pulled back, looking worried. "Your wife..."

"...has already given us permission," I said with a grin.

"What?! But..." she said, her eyes wide.

"Relax. She and I aren't swingers or anything, but let's just say we have an unconventional relationship. She knew I found you very attractive and after you two spent last year's Christmas party talking to each other the whole time, she gave me her permission, should the opportunity every come up."

Katie's hand snaked down to the bulge in my pants. "Hmm, well I'd definitely say that something has come up." I couldn't help my hips thrusting my hardness into her hand.

I leaned into her neck and whispered next to her ear, "Are you sure you're up to this. Your neck okay?"

"Huh? Yes, it's fi..." And I started gently sucking at the spot where her neck and shoulders met. "Oh my god!" I switched to softly kissing my way up her neck and then gently sucked on her earlobe. "Mmhmm. More... please..."

I reached down and undid the buttons on her shirt, and pulled it off her shoulders, my kisses following down her shoulders as they were revealed. I reached around and deftly undid her bra and slid that off her arms, while kissing my way down to her breast. My tongue circled her areola and I gently enveloped it with my mouth - sucking gently at first but then with increasing strength and passion. Her hands came around to the back of my head, her fingers entwining with my hair, and she pulled me towards her, urging me on. She moaned, "Please... more..."

I switched to the other breast, flicking her hardened nipple with my tongue, teasing it, while my hands slipped around to cup her ass. Her moans got more insistent, and my hand came back up to her other nipple and gently rubbed it with the ball of my thumb while I matched the motion with my tongue on the other nipple. I let my teeth just lightly graze her nipple, gently squeezing her breasts, and she threw her head back and shook just a little.

"Oh my... David. I've never come from someone just playing with my breasts before."

"That? That's still just foreplay. We haven't even got to the good parts yet."

Katie looked at me with no small amount of wonder. "I'm starting to think that even when we were having sex, Justin wasn't doing something right."

"Well, let's see what else I can do right tonight." I grabbed her hand and led her to the CEO's office. With the move nearly finished, it was almost empty, but the almost never-used couch for visitors was still there.

I went to lead Katie to sit down but she pivoted and pushed me down first. "My turn," she said as she unbuckled my belt and undid my pants and pulled them off me. There was a look of hunger in her eyes. My cock was already rock hard, and while it's just average in size, it seemed to be just what she was looking for. While still looking me straight in the eyes, she knelt down between my legs and took me into her mouth.

Now my wife is very good at oral. Fantastic in fact. But Katie definitely was in the running for one of the best blow-jobs ever. One hand played with my balls while the other held my cock. She moaned as she pushed more and more of my cock into her mouth and I could feel her throat on the head of my cock. She slowed for a second, making eye contact with me again, and as she pushed my cock into her throat, one of her spit-covered fingers snaked down and started rubbing my asshole. I was in absolute heaven. I could feel her breath on my balls and as she started sliding my cock in and out of her throat, her finger gently started pushing into my ass. I could feel my blood pulsing in my cock at the same speed her finger in my ass pulsed forward and back in little bursts of motion.

"Katie. I. Am. Going. To..." She looked at me and gave a small nod of her head. As my cum shot into her mouth and throat, my ass tightened down on her finger, amplifying the feeling of pressure. And I came again and again, while Katie continued taking it all in. Her finger gently came out of my ass and she looked like she was about to swallow the cum that hadn't already gone down her throat.

"Wait." I moved forward and started kissing her. She seemed slightly startled but when she realized I was kissing her to share in the taste of my own cum, she quickly responded, growing more and more passionate. Her hand went down past the waistband of her jeans. After a moment or two, I pulled back a bit and placed my hand on her arm. "Are you sure you want to do that, or would you rather I take care of that?"

"Um...well, since you just... you know... I thought you were sort of done." She looked at me and then down at my once-again hardening cock. "You're getting hard again already?" She genuinely seemed shocked now. While my cock is indeed just average in size, I've always had a very fast recovery time, and even in my mid-40s could still easily cum four or five times in a day. No little blue pills needed, thank you very much.

Instead of answering, I stood up and moved to have us switch places. This time I was the one removing her jeans ...and her sodden panties. Luckily it was a nice deep couch and there was plenty of room as I turned her sideways and laid her down, bent her knees, and beginning at her succulent lips, I kissed my way down going from her pert breasts, across her toned stomach, and down to her pussy.

Now my wife never really enjoyed me giving her oral, but part of that was the fact she usually just wanted to skip foreplay entirely and get straight to fucking like rabbits, so it wasn't really a loss. But several previous girlfriends had complimented me on my skills in that area, and I immediately dusted those skills off and got to work. Evidently, I hadn't forgotten everything.

"Oh, David. Oh my god. Justin never... he wouldn't... oh my god. Yes. Yes!" I felt her juices really starting to flow as I slipped a finger inside her. As I explored her pussy, sensing her reactions and focusing on certain pressure points inside her wet, slippery warmth, I switched from worshipping her entire pussy to just focusing on her clit. Never too hard, but also never entirely pulling my tongue completely off of it either. Her hips started to lift off the couch in rhythmic bursts as my finger and tongue alternated between teasing and reward. "Fuck! Yes! Yes! David! Yes!" I felt the walls of her pussy spasm at the same time a literal flood washed over my face. I kept going, with just enough to keep the orgasm going, without making it too much. Eventually she started to calm down and quietly rode the aftershocks of her orgasm, the shudders being the only sign.

Now my wife is also a squirter, and it's always been a huge turn on for me, but evidently this was something new for Katie. "Oh my god, David, I'm so sorry! That's never happened before! I don't know..."

"Shhhhh...it's okay." And I moved back up and kissed her on the lips, her juices still covering my mouth - her back arched as that triggered one last shudder. I kissed her again. "You never squirted before?"

"No. Is that what that was? Honestly, with Justin I don't always even have an orgasm."

"Yeah, he was definitely not doing something right."

She looked at me shyly and asked, "Does Mary... you know... squirt too?"

"Well, she does with me. It was fairly infrequent before she and I met, but it happens nearly every single time now."

She paused for a moment as she took that in, "And are the orgasms always that... intense?"

"It's sort of a feedback loop I think. Squirting leads to more intense orgasms. More intense orgasms then lead to more squirting. She definitely has a more all-over reaction to the orgasms when she squirts. If I string enough of them together for her, she swears she sees God."

"Wait. What do you mean 'string enough of them together'? She has more than one orgasm? I've heard that women who can do that but..." Katie looked somewhat stunned.

"Well, again, I guess more so since when we've been having sex, but yes, she almost always has multiple orgasms."

"How many?" Katie's tone was urgent.

"Um, I don't really know. We sort of lose count."

Katie's hand wrapped around my cock as she pulled it towards her. "Show me. Show me now. Please."

"Are you sure?" I was worried that while a little oral sex might be seen as an indiscretion, actually having sex would be crossing a line there was no coming back from.

"Yes, dammit! Now. Please!"

I kissed her again as I let her line up my cock with her pussy and my tongue began dancing with hers as I entered her. I felt her need and quickly began thrusting into her, feeling her respond as her nails dug into my back and my arm. I angled my hips a bit and thrust into her more deeply, making sure my thrusts had my pelvic bone repeatedly hit just above her clit, alternating with a little grinding motion. She pulled away from the kiss and shouted "Shit! Yes! Fuck me, David! Fuck me!" I looked down at her, reveling in her long blond hair spread out on the couch cushion behind her head. There was sweat on her forehead and on her chest. A flush began to rise up from her chest towards her neck and face. I thrust into her again and again and again. "Oh my god! David! I'm cuuuuuuuming!" And with that, the wave of her orgasm crashed down on us. Her eyes rolled back in her head, and a fresh spray of her cum coated my cock and balls, so forcefully I felt the pressure of it as she ejaculated.

I slowed for a moment, not stopping, but changing the rhythm of our lovemaking and let her recover a bit. For a brief moment, she looked up at me as if she'd never seen me before. And then as quickly as that came, there was another look that slowly spread across her face. Her blue eyes sparkled, her lips slightly parted, and I knew she was ready for more. I made shallower strokes into her, slower than before, but not gently. My thrusts grew faster, but not deeper. She moaned, wanting more but not having the words to explain her need.
