 "Just another lousy night," Riley muttered as she walked out into the night, leaving the whine and scream of the rock bar where she waitressed behind her. Lately it seemed that the tips were getting smaller and the numbers of hands groping her nightly were getting bigger. At first it was fun, dressing up in 80's grunge, going to work, getting a little slap and tickle and a big chunk of change all seemed worth it. The novelty of the place was wearing off and instead of enjoying the crowd and the night life; Riley dreaded walking this stretch of pavement to work more and more. Tonight everything just seemed to be going wrong. 

First she was late to work for which she got prime ass-ripping for, and then Riley was assigned to serve the men there for poker night. All old, lecherous men with their leering eyes and grabbing fingers. One had had the audacity to grab her and spank her repeatedly in his excitement over winning a big pot. Her butt was still sore from the thrashing she received for the rest of the night. She wouldn't have minded so much if it was from a young, virile man, instead of a wrinkly, limp geezer. Sighing, she put her head down, clutched the night's earnings in her coat pocket and walked faster, the cool November breeze freezing her bare legs.  

She watched the pattern of the street lamps on the pavement and thought of her dreary life. No friends, no family, no love...and a bad excuse for a job. After leaving her husband and their cold marriage behind in Iowa, Riley had moved west, hoping to find some place to begin a new life. Las Vegas seemed like a good choice, a place were everything could easily be forgotten. And so she settled in, found a cheap but decent apartment and went looking for work. She had waitressed a bit in college, before she had gotten married, so Riley thought it would be a good way to make some quick money to start out. And three years later she was still at the same joint she had started out in, in just about the same financial shape.

Riley shook her head and looked forward, the click of her high heels echoing against the dark store fronts. She hugged herself against the chill and hurried on, the neon sign on her apartment building coming into view. Using her key code, Riley entered the building and walked up the four flights to her apartment, opened the door, tossed her stuff on the floor and leaned back against the closed door. The darkness and hush of the living room was welcoming, enveloping her in its soft caress. All depressed thoughts were shed from her mind as she removed each layer of clothing, dropping it on the floor as she walked to the bedroom.

Moonlight fell in the windows, casting a silvery glow on the mirror beside her bed. A woman with tussled midnight locks, lush, feminine curves, and strong, silky legs stared back at her. Running her hands down her side, Riley caressed the sides of her soft white bosom, and down the flaring curves of her hips. Turning, one milky buttock was red, with the defined outline of a large hand. She chuckled, thinking that must have been one lusty man, and gently touched the rosy skin. A tingle of pain inflamed the flesh, sending a sliver of heat throughout her. 

It had disturbed her husband that she needed to feel pain to achieve real orgasm, but he also balked at anything other than missionary position once they had been married. How could a man go from wild and full of curiosity to pure conservatism? Shaking her head at the memory, Riley moved to the bed, pulling back the rich Egyptian cotton. It was cool against her bare flesh, chilling her arousal. She closed her eyes, the fringe of her lashes tickling the skin, and cleared her mind for sleep.

A sharp knocking on the door startled her awake, pulling her from a dream of men and leather. Looking around the room for her robe it was still dark, moonlight still littering her bedroom floor. The knocking continued, getting louder. Peering through the peephole, Riley groaned. Jack, fuck. "Go away, I'm sleeping Jack," she ground out. 

"Ri, answer the door. Come on, please," he whined, putting his hands down to his sides. Growling in frustration she opened the door and Jack hurried past chased by the scent of pure male musk. Why did he always have to smell so damn good, she thought, closing and locking the door. Turning around she watched him pace back and forth in the dark, fists clenched at his sides. 

"What happened this time?" 

"Ri, I didn't do anything. She just kicked me out. I haven't cheated on her since before we went to therapy. Things were going great and then tonight, I get home, and my stuff is sitting on the front steps and the locks are changed," Jack said, running a hand through his short, salt and pepper hair. He had started turning gray when they were sophomores in high school. Jack always said they made him look more sophisticated. Riley had thought so too until he crushed her by wanting to date her best friend instead of her. Then they had the bad taste to go and get married while she was away on her honeymoon. Some how they had stayed friends, though Riley still kept a healthy dose of resentment towards him and the fact that he didn't know how much she secretly loved him. 

Looking away from him before that resentment rose up and bubbled out of her mouth, she flopped down on the couch as he cursed and rambled about his wife and how she was crazy. Finally, after listening to him rant and rave for an hour, Riley sat up. "Will you just quit bitching about her Jack? Please? Fuck, I had a shitty night, you woke me up, and then you make me sit here and hear about a fucking woman who doesn't give a fuck about you!" 

Jack stopped in his tracks and stared at Riley in shock, further feeding the fire. "I don't give a shit if you stay here, but don't make me listen to you moan over that stupid bitch!" she cried, throwing her hands down, standing up and stomping up to him to poke him in the chest. 

Grabbing her hand, Jack stopped her and held her in front of him. Riley glared up at him, her body vibrating with irritation. "What the hell has gotten in to you? Christ, if you're gonna be like that forget it. I'll stay at James'," he yelled, pushing her back and stalking to the door.

"Oh fuck Jack. Don't be such a god-damn baby," Riley growled, pulling him back over to the couch. "I'll get you a pillow. You can sleep here." Pushing him onto the couch she went to her room. 

Digging through the cedar chest, she muttered to herself about men and manipulation. A soft caress on her bum made her yelp and jump forward, clutching at the robe. "What the hell Jack!" she screamed at him, tying the belt tightly.

"What happened to your butt? Looks like you took a helluva beating," he said as he reached forward, wanting to inspect it again. "You've got handprints all over the back of your thigh and butt!"

"I know I do. What the hell were you doing looking there anyways?" she grouched, embarrassed that she wanted him to touch it again. 

"Well I didn't mean to, but you're walking around in the tiny thing and I couldn't miss the red mark on the back of your leg," Jack grumbled, stepping back from her. "What happened?"

"Not that it's any of your concern, but I had a few customers get a little too friendly with my butt," Riley said, turning back around to get the dropped pillow and blanket. 

"I can't believe they can get away with that! Old fuckers," he mumbled behind her back, again looking at the redness that glared out at him on her pale skin. "I hurt?"

"A little. I've had worse," she grunted, lifting the load in her arms and carrying it towards the living room. Jack stopped her, grabbed the linens from her arms, threw them down and bent her over the bed to better get a look. "What the hell do you think you're doing?" Riley cried, kicking back at him.

"Stop being a damn baby. I'm a doctor, let me look," Jack replied, lightly pressing around the welted areas. Riley had to bite her lip as a soft moan escaped her. Inspecting her, he touched lightly, barely palpating the skin. His fingers moved steadily up the back of her thigh, coming ever so close to the bundle of nerves between her legs. "You've got a nice bruise right here," he said softly, rubbing his fingertip next to the cleft of her buttocks. That time an audible moan hissed from her lips. Jack glanced up at the back of her head as she tried to hide in the covers. 

He pushed more firmly, indenting a particularly red area with his own handprint. The heat from his hand further increased the heat of her flesh, forcing her eyes closed and her head to fall back. Jack watched her, entranced by the pleasure emanating from Riley. He stroked his hand down her rump to her knees, then stroked back up slowly, spreading his fingers wide. A visible tremor passed through Riley, and her hips instinctively pressed back into him, as she parted her legs further. Moisture glistened from between her thighs, clinging to the dark tendrils. 

Jack placed both hands on her flesh, feeling his manhood harden at the sight of Riley's pleasure. He massaged her soft and pliable buttocks, then raised one hand and lightly tapped the left cheek. Riley cried out, her fingernails digging into the bedspread. Slivers of pain sparked a torch within her, sending raging fire along her nerves. Again he tapped her ass, and again. Each slap brought more pleasure and in a gush of fluid Riley came, writhing on the bed as he spanked her again. Her climax was strong and unexpected, arousing Jack even more. He quickly undid the snap of his jeans, pushing them off in one fluid motion then leaning forward and sliding his erection deep inside her. Her vagina quivered around him as it stretched and made room, the juices coating her walls helping speed the process. Riley clawed the bed, screaming out again as waves of lust slammed through her with his cock. 

"Jesus Christ! Oh, God," Jack moaned, thrusting harder into her, grimacing in pleasure as the wetness clenched around his girth. He raised his hand again, slapping her harder and leaving a mark of his own as he pushed his entire length into her depths. She squirmed, pressing back to meet his thrusts and impaling herself upon him as he struck her backside. As another orgasm threatened to wash over her, Jack grunted and grabbed her hips, slamming into her, sending them both over the edge. Riley reared back as she came; screaming his name, then fell forward and passed out. His own orgasm rode him hard, filling every inch on his body with heaven. As Riley passed out he caught her and laid her on the bed, concern taking the place of pleasure.

"Riley! Riley, are you ok? Ri?" Jack yelled, shaking her roughly and opening her eyes. 

"Wh-what...ooooh God," she moaned, opening her icy eyes and meeting the chocolate orbs above her. "What happened?"

"You scared the shit out of me! Here I was, fucking you and you pass out!" he cried, fear making him grab Riley and shake her again. 

"STOP! Stop it, stop it!" She cried, coming out of her pleasure induced funk. As her eyes focused, Riley wrenched her arms out of his hands. "Christ Jack! I fucking came and...well it happens sometimes," she snapped, rolling away from him and off of the bed. She reached down yanked her robe in place and walked to stand in front of the mirror. "What a girl can't orgasm anymore? What the hell Jack?"

"Hey, you seriously passed out. You-you were almost blue there for a second," he said, sitting up and stalking towards her, his finger raised in her direction. 

"Well I'm breathing now, so get away from me," she yelled, shoving him away from her. "I didn't ask you to bend me over and fuck me! You are the one who started the whole thing."

"If I had known that you would cream just by me examining your butt, I probably wouldn't have done it," Jack growled, glaring down at her.

Riley's anger melted away with his words. "Thanks a lot Jack. Thanks so fucking much!" She yelled, the resentment bubbling out of her. "I'm glad that meant so goddamn much to you." Riley stomped away to the doorway of her bedroom and looked back in fury. "Get the hell out of my house. Don't EVER come back to me when you need to bitch about that stupid whore! I DON'T WANT TO HEAR IT!" Tears flowing down her cheeks, she slammed the door to the bathroom and slammed the lock.

Astounded Jack slumps back on the bed, his jaw slack with shock. No. Not possible. After all these years? Scenes from their past floated through his mind; she was there for him always, even when he wasn't the nicest guy. He walked towards the bathroom door and knocked gently, her whimpers as she cried causing a physical ache in his chest. "Ri, I didn't know. Why didn't you say anything?" his voice soft in regret. Her crying got louder as he spoke until she shook with the sobs.

"GET AWAY! I don't want to hear it, and I don't want your fucking pity!" she screamed, her voice choked with tears. 

"Riley, come on, talk to me about this," he pleaded, frustration creeping into his voice. Jack leaned his head against the wall, listening as she cried and cursed him. He said her name again, hoping to get her to open the door. "I didn't know. I never saw you as other than a sister before," he said, closing his eyes and banging his head on the door.

"A sister? Would a fucking sister sit there and listen to you brag about your damn conquests and sooth you when every damn one of them backfired?" Riley went to the door, ripped it open and stopped as Jack stumbled into her. He caught them both before they ended up on the floor, and looked into her eyes. Flecks of ice shot at him like daggers in her blue eyes. Jack reached forward and smoothed his hand over her cheek, brushing at the angry tears trailing down her face. Riley swatted his hand away and struggled away from him.

"Don't touch me! Just leave Jack!" she cried, her voice cracking with rage and defeat. Riley cinched the belt on her robe tightly and shoved past him into the bedroom when he didn't move. Why won't he just leave? Hasn't he done enough to me tonight? Riley thought, throwing the covers off her bed in a huff. She turned around to yell at Jack again, but he was right behind her, so close that her breasts brushed up against his chest when she took a breath. His eyes were intense, swirling with molten copper. Riley took a deep breath to ask him to leave again, but Jack reacted, grasping her upper arms firmly and pulling her mouth to his, devouring her already swollen lips. Riley's first thought was to push him away, which just made Jack hold her more tightly and to deepen the kiss. She couldn't deny what his assault was doing to her but allow with the desire racing through her blood was also fear that he would use her and then leave her. 

Jack's grip got tighter as he demanded more from her, forcing her mouth open with his tongue and delving deep, tasting her sweetness. Riley allowed the intrusion but made an invasion of her own, nipping at his tongue and lips, her nails skimming down the musculature of his back. One hand slid from Riley's arm and up her neck, his fingers tangling in the ebony tresses. Taking control again, Jack pulled, forcing her head back and exposing the pale flesh of her neck. A grimace crossed Riley's face but was quickly gone as her eyes closed and lips formed an "O" of pleasure when Jack bent down and ravaged her neck. 

He couldn't get enough of her taste! He wanted to devour her and yet to savor her as one would a fine wine. Jack nibbled down her neck then lapped at the hurt with his tongue, a feeling of pure masculine power flooding through him as she shivered in need. Her scent wafted in the air, further empowering the beast inside him. Jack walked her backwards and tossed her on the bed, following her down and settling in between her thighs. He growled as he felt her moisture and heat pressed against his rigidness. Jack ground against her, the denim of his jeans rough against the slick heat of her womanhood.

Riley arched under him, the friction against her most tender areas causing a unique pain and incredible pleasure to bloom throughout. She tried to touch him, to hold him closer against her and Jack grabbed her wrists, holding them down to the bed with one hand. With the other he pushed the robe open, exposing the heavy peaks of her breasts. Without a glance at her, Jack swooped, taking one nipple fiercely in his mouth. Riley bucked and writhed, trying to free her hands, her mind lost to his onslaught. 

He stroked his free hand down her hip and gripped the back of my thigh, pulling it up around his hip. When she wrapped her legs around him, Jack attacked the other breast, giving it the same ravaging treatment, while his fingers dig into the muscle of her thigh, forcing her groin tighter against him. 

"Jack....oooh fuck Jack," Riley moaned, again trying to free her hands to unleash the beast in his jeans. Her words spurred him on, and all Jack could think of was being sheathed inside her quivering depths. Jack released her hands and sat back on his heels to unbutton his pants. Riley opened her eyes, meeting the hard edge of Jack's need in his stare. She kept his gaze and got up on her needs, dropping her hands to his waist and pushing his hands away. Jack let her, bringing one hand up to her cheek and sliding his fingers into the knot of hair at her nape. His eyes closed when her warm fingers circled the engorged shaft, the other hand cupping his testes. 

Riley stroked slowly up his length, reveling in the groans wrung from his throat. Jack opened his eyes and made a fist in her hair, pushing her head downward, not allowing any resistance. She put up a fight for show, but it was only for show. Riley wanted him in her mouth; she was positively salivating at the idea. Getting down on all fours, she looked up at him again, and then let him guide her lips to the tip. Her tongue flicked out hungrily, gathering his musky taste. The gentle teasing of her ministrations felt good, but Jack wanted more. With a twist of his wrist he forced her mouth completely on his length until the stricture of her throat gripped him. Riley gagged, unaccustomed to such girth and length. She tried to swallow around him, to make room for him and her tongue, then he pulled back, and Riley sucked hard, wanting to keep him there once she was comfortable. 

Jack shivered and could feel himself tightening even more. He pulled her forward again and began fucking her mouth with fervor, reaching out with his other hand to slap her already reddened buttocks. The first blow resonated through her, wringing a cry from her full mouth. Riley sucked harder, her mind gone, her senses enveloped entirely in the experience. 

He ground his teeth, torn between filling her sweet mouth with his seed or the hot cavern of her sex. The hand resting on her bum moved down, his fingers searching for her core, becoming coated with juices. Bringing them up to his mouth he tasted her essence and wanted nothing more than to be buried to the hilt inside her.

Jack pulled her head off of him, picked her up, and turned her around and pushed her shoulders down so her delectably crimson ass rose up in the air. Without a second thought he dove in, his head tossed back as her walls stretched to accommodate him. Riley cried out and tried to rear back, fighting against Jack's hand holding her head down. She leaned back, meeting his thrust, squeezing him inside her. Marveling at her muscle control, Jack pulled completely out and then slammed into Riley again, rocking her forward. This time he halted wanting to savor the heat and quivering of her body. His hands gripped her sides, pulling her up onto her knees and caressing his way to her pendulous breasts. Riley gasped, covering his hands with her own, overwhelmed with sensation. 

He began to slowly rock back and forth, pulling almost completely out and then sliding forward until his pelvis rested on the curve of her ass. He urged her to drop her head back on his shoulder, allowing him to taste her neck and sensitive ears. Encouraged by the sounds of pleasure erupting from her lips, Jack increased his pace, slid his hands down to her hips, and then walked his fingers to the cleft of her mound. The tip of his finger brushed the tip of her nubbin, sending fire up her veins. He stroked it harder, matching the rhythm with the thrusts of his pelvis. Jack could feel a tightening in his core and urged her on, wanting to feel the caress of her climax on his manhood.
