 Cara was sitting in her truck in front of the airport. She had volunteered to pick Ian up from his business trip rather than have him take a cab. It was a beautiful sunny Friday, early afternoon with the distinct feel of early spring in the air, and she had her own ideas about how to spend the afternoon and evening. Suddenly, her heart jumped in her chest as she spotted him coming out the door carrying his work backpack and a small suitcase. He was dressed, as she knew he would be, in casual clothes. A blue flannel shirt, cargo pants, a light suede jacket, and white walking shoes. Her heart jumped again when she saw the huge smile on his face when he spotted her. 

"God she's beautiful", he thought to himself as he saw her flashing a smile from behind the wheel of her 4 wheel drive truck. "What an unusual girl, driving that big truck... unusual, but wonderful"... 

He quickly covered the ground from the door to her truck, opened the door and pitched his bags in the crew seat behind them and reached over and took her face in his hands, pressing his lips to hers, gently but forcefully. Feeling her lips part slightly, he pressed his advantage by sliding his tongue into her waiting mouth and searching for her tongue, which she willingly presented. 

She felt a twitch in her pelvic region as he kissed her and as they separated, noticed his pants were a little tighter in the crotch than they had been before. 

"Cara, I can't tell you how happy I am to see you... It's been a brutal week, such rampant incompetence at the operation center, you can't imagine."

"I'm terribly happy to see you as well. I hope their problems don't mean you have to be there even more." 

"No, thank God... one of the things I did accomplish was to set up the VPN so that I can monitor and repair their systems remotely, so hopefully that's the last time I have to go there for a while." 

She pulled out of the airport and onto I-90 east, the familiar freeway heading toward their office. As she drove, he just stared at her. Her large breasts jiggled slightly under her tight sweater whenever the truck hit a bump or changed road surfaces. 

"God, I think I'm falling in love with this woman"... His eye scanned her legs which even in jeans looked amazing.

She just smiled, eyes forward, every once in a while glancing at his piercing blue eyes and those soft lips... "I know it's crazy, but I think I'm really falling for this guy". She thought to herself.

They engaged in small talk and office gossip as they continued down the freeway. As they began to approach the turnoff which would take them downtown and into their office, he realized that she was not in the turning lane.

"Don't you want to get over Cara? The turn is coming quickly and with all this traffic...."

She just smiled,interrupting him, "Relax, I know what I'm doing" as they passed the turn at 75 mph and sped on to the east toward the mountains.

"Ok", he said resigned to the idea that the office could wait. The gleam in her eye was a little mysterious and exciting. He was remembering a certain board meeting that turned out to be anything but boring.

They continued driving for a few miles and she said, "There are sandwiches and beer in the cooler behind me. Would you mind getting a couple out for us?"

He reached back and opened the cooler to see rather more than a few sandwiches and at least a 6 pack of beer, but also what looked like a fruit and cheese plate and... what was that? A bottle of his favorite wine and two glasses. He unwrapped a sandwich, put a napkin around it and handed it to her. He also popped a beer and put it in the cup holder closest to her and did the same for himself.

They were halfway through the sandwiches when she said, "here, hold this for me" and as he took the sandwich from her, she negotiated a right hand turn on to old Highway 95 south and he realized they weren't in Washington anymore, but rather were headed toward Coeur d'Alene Lake in northern Idaho. 

"Where exactly are we going?" he asked.

"That's for me to know and you to find out," she replied flashing him a brilliant smile and twinkling eyes. 

Better just settle back and enjoy the ride he told himself as he handed her back the sandwich.

An hour later, she was pulling of onto a side road and then onto a dirt road headed east again toward the western shore of the lake. As they passed rusty old mailbox on a rotting cedar post and entered what looked like a private driveway, his curiosity peaked.

"OK, where are you taking me and whose driveway is this??" 

Suddenly, the truck broke out of the cover of tall trees into a small clearing. The sudden shower of sunlight contrasting the shade of the trees nearly blinded Ian. As he regained his vision, he could see a rustic old cabin, a small fishing dock and a driveway down to the most beautiful mountain lake he had ever seen.

"WOW... just WOW..." he said as she turned the truck around so that the tailgate faced the lake. 

"This is my grandfather's place; at least it was before he died. He was one of the first settlers up here and built this cabin back in the 20's... It's mine now I guess... I thought you might like to see it"

"It's amazing... beautiful" He was looking at her, not the lake... "And the lake is pretty too." he said as she noticed his gaze and smiled that sweet smile he loved so much... Loved... yes loved... he was sure he loved that smile... and those breasts... and that awesome ass and legs... but especially this woman... They had spent so much time together at work and he had grown dependent on her there, but now away from the office, he was beginning to realize it wasn't her work, which was excellent, that he loved, it was her... Her mind.... her laugh... the way she looked at him...

"Come on you" she said as she hopped out of the truck and began to stroll down toward the lake. He followed her just so he could watch her walk. Her perfect ass swaying as she negotiated the rough ground. She found a large rock on the edge of the lake and sat down, patting the rock beside her inviting him to sit.

He sat down next to her and finally began to take in the lake. It was huge, at least a mile across where they were and maybe 150 miles long stretching far down into Idaho. It was lined with tall trees on all sides except where people had built their own little refuges.

"All this is yours?"

"Well 25 acres of shoreline by 50 acres back from the shore to the road."

Again, he stared into her eyes. She stared back. His eyes seemed to pierce her very soul and she could feel herself begin to quiver as he leaned forward and kissed her again. A long gentle kiss as they both explored each other's mouths with their tongues. Then as he reached his arms around her waist and pulled her closer. He began to kiss her face... cheeks, eyelids... down her long neck to the base of her collar bone... he stood in front of her as she sat and pressed himself between her legs as they embraced. 

He could feel her nipples, hard against his chest as he kissed his way from her neck back to her lips. Slowly he began to move his hands under her sweater and down to the small of her back and began to massage it. 

As she nestled closer, he slid his hands down the back of her pants and squeezed her firm butt cheeks making her moan quietly. He pulled her so close that she could feel his manhood pulsing against her and he could feel that sweet warmth through her jeans.

He kissed her deeply as though nothing else in the world mattered but her. In his mind he was sure that nothing else did matter. His heart was pounding and he was sure he could feel hers as well, pounding through her breasts as they pressed against him. Again he kissed her cheek and then her neck. Her skin felt soft against his lips. He slid his hands out of her pants, knelt in front of her and lifted her sweater revealing her belly which he began to kiss, stopping on her belly button before proceeding upward. As his lips traveled up toward her breasts, he lifted the sweater.

"Oh God", he thought, "Those perfect breasts aren't even constrained by a bra." 

He kissed underneath her left breast and slowly worked his way up to her nipple, kissing it and running his tongue around her areola before sucking it into his mouth and tightening his lips around it. It stood hard and beautiful in his mouth. 

Again she gave a little moan, closed her eyes, let her head drop back, and rose up slightly presenting herself to him. 

He took both breasts in his hands and gently squeezed, his forefinger encircling the nipple that was not in his mouth, first the left, and then the right, then the left again. 

Then rising to meet her lips once again, his hands dropped to her belt, unfastening it and her pants in one swift motion. He unzipped the jeans and began to wriggle her out of them when he discovered that she also wasn't wearing any panties.

"She planned this... God I love her..." 

She lifted her bottom and then her legs kicking off her sandals as he pulled her pants off and laid them on the rock next to her. He looked down and saw her love mound. A single strip of hair neatly trimmed leading from her pelvis to her vagina. He knelt again and began kissing his way down the little landing strip, pausing over the place he knew her clitoris was under the protective cover of her outer labia. He placed her legs across his shoulders and spread her. She leaned back on her elbows smiling that smile at him.

He kissed her outer labia and then pressed his tongue between them and spread her more with his fingers. Her breathing deepened. His tongue began to trace the line between her inner and outer labia, slowly sliding all the way down and then up one side and again down and up the other. Then he let his head fall slightly and began to lick the skin between her anus and her vagina occasionally running his tongue down and around her anus. 

He could feel the heat rising from her as she began to wiggle on her perch. He slid his tongue deep inside her pussy and upward finding her g-spot and stroking it.

She felt his hot breath on her as yet untouched clit, as he massaged her g-spot with his tongue. He moved one hand around and over her leg and with two fingers slid back the skin covering her clitoris exposing its blood gorged visage to the full force of his hot breath. It was standing almost perpendicular to her body, pulsing, begging to be touched. 

His other hand slid up from beneath, his fingers scrapping across her anus as they found their way into her wet vaginal cavity, replacing his tongue on her g-spot, as his tongue made its way to the base of her throbbing clitoris. He kissed it with closed lips and then with the very tip of his tongue stroked it slowly from the base to the tip. She gasped and he could feel the moisture increasing inside her. Again, he slowly stroked her and then wrapped his lips around the object of his affection. He took her clit deep in his mouth and sucked it, pushing and pulling gently while licking the tip inside his mouth. He began to lick faster and with more pressure, up and down her clit, his tongue tasting every part of it.

She was twisting and turning and moaning and raising her hips to meet him as his tongue played masterfully on her clit and his fingers rubbed her g-spot. 

He could feel her body shudder as her orgasm broke over her like a wave. Her breath came fast and hard. Her stomach tightened and released and then a flood of sweet warm cum flowing over his fingers and out of her. He slid one finger into her anus and almost immediately she came again. 

He could hardly contain his joy at her joy. Nothing in the world compared to bringing this woman, that now he was sure he loved, to such a powerful climax. He looked up at her face as she came and came again.

She gently pushed his face away and pulled him to his feet. She kissed him deeply tasting herself on his lips and tongue. 

She stood up and turned him around facing the lake and unbuckled his belt, all the time kissing him deeply. She ran her hand across his crotch, feeling his cock pulsating inside his pants. She unfastened and unzipped his pants. His cock fairly leaped out.

"He isn't wearing any underwear either... I wonder if he was hoping to be with Me." she thought as, still kissing him, she took his shaft firmly in her hand. 

"My God, he's bigger than I remember. I want this." 

She pushed him into a sitting position on the rock which was wet with the overflow of her cum and kissed his belly as one hand gently stroked him while the other reached up to cup his ball sack. She knelt in front of him and kissed the tip of his cock. Then she licked the pre-cum from the tip and then guided the huge pulsing member into her waiting mouth.

"AHHHHHHHHHH!!!" 

He couldn't contain his appreciation, as she proceeded to take more and more of him in her mouth. He shook in ecstasy. 

She began to pump his shaft with one hand and with her lips as she gently squeezed his ball sack. 

His hips began to move involuntarily thrusting his cock deep inside of her mouth and then back out. He reached down, putting his hands behind her head and began pulling her toward him as he filled her mouth with flesh. 

She started to gag a little. It was so hard and thick, but she made her throat relax and open up to take it in. At last she found her lips against his pelvis and knew she had taken the whole of him in. 

The hand that was on his shaft, no longer needed, found his anus and one finger rimmed it three times and then plunged in up to her second knuckle. 

He winced. His cock jerked in her mouth and then his whole body shook again. 

It was his time and she knew it. She wanted to feel his hot cum in her mouth and on her face.

She slowly let him out of her oral strangle hold until only the head was still in her mouth, and she began to pump him with her other hand, pressing her finger a little deeper in his anus with every stroke. 

She opened her mouth, looked up at his clearly overwhelmed face and smiled. 

His body shook and the first load of hot white cum ejaculated with such force that it pounded the back of her throat and with such volume that it filled her mouth. The second fired with even greater force as she had pulled her finger out and pushed it back in. This time it shot high, a thick line of cum rising over her head and landing across her face and in her hair. The third and forth she directed to her breasts as he covered one areola and spewed across the top of her other breast. 

She removed her finger from his ass and stood up still pumping him as the fifth and sixth shot fell on her belly. He was shaking furiously until with a sense of finality, she pumped him once more and let her thumb cross the tip of his cock wiping the last few drops of his cum away.

"Oh my god", he gasped, trying desperately to catch his breath and regain some semblance of composure. 

She had conveniently placed a warm wet wash cloth and two dry towels by the rock as they had come down and was now wiping cum from her face, hair and body.

He sat up and took the wash cloth from her and gently washed her, cleaning her face and hair with gentleness and love before proceeding to her breasts and belly. 

"Oh god those breasts." He thought. 

When he thought she was clean enough her dried her with the towel and then took her in his arms and held her tight.

"Cara, I hope this doesn't make you feel weird, but..., " his voice trailed off.

She looked up at him and smiled, "What Ian? You've made me feel wonderful. You couldn't make me feel weird. What is it?"

Again, he looked down into that face. His heart filled and he said it, words he never thought he'd say again to anyone, not since he'd said it some 30 years ago to his wife who had contracted cancer 6 years ago and left their marriage loving, but totally devoid of intimacy.

"Cara, I love you... there, I've said it... I love you... I really love you..." 

She buried her head in his chest, her naked body against his.

"You don't know how long I've waited to hear you say that Ian. I love you. I have since we first met. I love you."

He could feel the moisture of a tear on his chest where her head lay and dripping from his own eye down his cheek. He tilted her head up to face him and kissed her deeply.

The embrace was one of total surrender, total vulnerability... love...