 Tired from a long day at work I was so thankful to come home to the quiet house my husband and I shared. I noticed an extra pair of shoes by the front door when I walked in and heard two voices coming from our sitting room down the hall. As I walked towards the kitchen I stepped into the doorway to say hello to my husband and was introduced to the man sitting in the armchair across from him, David, a friend from work. They were each sipping on a rye, laughing and joking with their ties loosened around their necks and their shirt collars slightly open.

"It's nice to meet you," I smiled and carried on into the kitchen.

I was relieved to set down my things from work and slip off my high-heeled shoes. As I mulled the day's events over in my mind I poured myself a glass of wine.

"Come join us," I heard my husband call in to me.

I picked up my glass and carried it into the sitting room where I sat down in the second armchair opposite my husband and beside his friend.

"You have a lovely home," he complemented.

After all the work I had put into decorating and renovating I smiled wholeheartedly and thanked him.

"You have a lovely smile," he continued.

I blushed slightly. I graciously accepted the compliment but having Nathan in the room had me wary of attention from other men. I looked over at him and saw that he didn't seem to mind. In fact, he was encouraging it.

"Doesn't she," he added, "and a beautiful figure."

"Nathan," I said blushingly under my breath.

"Don't be shy," he told me. "In fact, David and I were just talking about how gorgeous you are."

I didn't know what to say. My gaze shifted between both men and fell on my husband.

"You're so beautiful," Nathan carried on.

I wasn't sure where he thought he was going to get with all this flattery.

"I've been telling Dave about what a wonderful wife you are. I told him about what you did for me this Valentines Day... after we came home from dinner," he said with a tone in his voice that was purely sensual.

"Oh gosh Nathan!" I held a hand up to the side of my face to shield myself from Dave's gaze.

"Don't be embarrassed," Nathan coaxed me, "he was just as turned on hearing about it as I was while you were doing it. Do you remember," he asked, "do you remember what you did to me that night?"

I could remember, of course. We had spent a wonderful Valentines together but I had no idea why Nathan was bringing this up now.

"Yes," I replied, confused that neither Nathan nor Dave seemed the slightest bit uncomfortable by this topic of conversation.

"I'd like you to do the same for Dave," he proposed.

'What?!' I thought, so shocked I couldn't get it into words. Instead I just looked at him, confused. 

"Nathan," I asked, "I'm not sure what you're proposing." I wanted clarification for the fact that my husband just suggested I go down on and have sex with his work partner.

"You've always been such a good listener Kara," he said to me softly. "Now I want you to listen to me as I tell you what to do. I'm going to tell you what to do to Dave, you're going to do it and I'm going to watch."

Suddenly I felt very isolated in the room. Nathan had never expressed this desire before. Thoughts weren't racing through my mind as I expected them to be. In fact, I had one clear thought; I wanted to do this. I had heard of couples bringing another person into their bedroom and had already had plenty of time to think about it. I was curious about it but never wanted to mention it to Nathan, afraid he might think of it as some kind of affair. As if reading my mind he spoke,

"I don't consider it cheating Kara, I want you to do this. In fact I'm telling you to."

"Stand up and walk towards Dave," he directed.

I paused for a moment, staring at him. I wanted to know if he was serious about this. The room was dimly lit but with enough light for me to see the look on Nathan's face and enough to know that he was getting very turned on. I stood from my chair and took a step in Dave's direction.

"Stand in front of him," Nathan led me, "she's beautiful isn't she," he looked at me admiringly.

"Now slip off your jacket."

I let my blazer slide down my arms, caught it in my hands and rested it over the arm of the chair behind me.

"Undress her," he continued.

I was standing within arms reach and Dave began to carefully undo the buttons of my blouse. He slipped it off my shoulders and rolled down the thigh-highs I had on under my skirt. Nathan continued to watch as Dave slowly pulled on the zipper at the back of my skirt and saw it fall to the floor. Now I was left standing before him in just a bra and panties.

"Kneel down," he told me.

Thoughts of the night Nathan and I had spent together on Valentines Day flashed through my mind as I thought about doing those very same things to his colleague Dave.

"Undo his belt buckle and open his pants," Nathan instructed coolly.

I followed his instructions, surprised when I felt the outline of Dave's already rigid cock beneath his boxer shorts. Carefully sliding them down his legs I stared at the erect penis in front of me, trying to distinguish how I felt -- a mix between anticipation to be so intimate with someone else while my husband told me what to do and the strange feeling of seeing this part of someone who wasn't Nathan.

I slowly bent my head down, surrounded the tip of his cock with my soft lips and took just the first inch into my mouth.

"Good Kara," Nathan praised me, "move all the way down."

I began to slide my lips further down his hard cock, slowly, so I could feel each new inch. With my lips now pressed against the base of his cock I could feel the tip pushing at the back of my throat. I swallowed, Dave moaned at the changing pressure and so did Nathan.

"Brush her hair away from her face," Nathan told Dave.

"That's great," he continued as Dave gathered my hair and held it in a bunch at the back of my head. "I can see that all of Dave's dick is in your mouth Kara. It must be pushing into the back of your throat, relax and open it up like you did for me."

I began to get so turned on by Nathan's words I almost wished I could push Dave's cock even farther into my mouth. Instead I began to slide up and down, my mouth hot and wet, moving fluidly over his hard length. I was thoroughly enjoying myself exploring Dave's cock. I lusciously licked at the base of him before dragging my tongue up along his hardness and flicked the tip with my tongue. He tasted a little different than Nathan, but I wasn't interested in comparing. I felt just as intimate with Nathan watching, knowing I was only doing what he wanted me to do. I began to bob up and down more energetically, using my hand in tandem with my mouth.

Nathan watched for a minute before he spoke again,

"Hold your hands behind your back Kara, hold them tight and don't let go."

He instructed Dave to stand up from the armchair. With his dick still in my mouth he stood up, forcing me to straighten up slightly as well. I felt his pants slide down his legs and heard his belt buckle as it knocked against the floor.

"Open your mouth wide Kara," Nathan continued, "and don't let your hands come unclasped from behind your back."

"Hold her head," he instructed Dave, "and move in and out of her mouth."

I concentrated hard on keeping my hands clasped together behind my back. The force with which Dave began to move his cock in and out of my mouth was so strong it was hard to resist the urge to move my hands up.

"Do you like that Kara?" he asked, "because I love watching you."

"Take every inch of it," he continued, "just like you do mine, watching you is amazing."

Dave began to moan. Listening to him was attractive although what really turned me on was knowing how much Nathan enjoyed this. I began to moan over Dave's cock.

"Yes Kara, let me hear how much you like this," Nathan went on.

Suddenly Dave drew out of my mouth.

"Get on your hands and knees," Nathan told me, "Dave is going to fuck you from behind."

I couldn't believe it, eagerly I lay my hands on the floor in front of me. I felt a gush of wetness, knowing what was about to happen. I looked up at Nathan and he smiled wickedly. I felt Dave rub his hands over my ass and thighs.

"You're going to love this Kara."