 A quiet neighborhood, with a brick façade, the house was small but well taken care of. As he walked around back to find the key under the stone frog he wondered what time it was. It seemed like after 12 anyway. The house was silent, soft rustling of a rotating fan in kitchen and the smell of cinnamon candles and stale coffee. Stairs creaking under plush carpet up he walks, somehow knowing that her room is the one on the left. 

Slowly pushing the door open he waits for his eyes to focus. Moonlight is shining, glistening off her curves. Hot night, she's lying face down unclothed. Slumber deep, a twitching of her foot, deep breathing and a sigh. He watches her. A clock ticking a somber beat; slow, steady, languid...wishing for sleep of it's own.

'Tick...Tock'

Removing shorts that have become too confining, checking his cock, fondling. Kneeling to kiss her foot; small and firm, each toe a jewel, an edible morsel as he lightly licks each digit. She has the sinewy calf of a dancer; every muscle, every tendon a tapestry of flesh. His tongue flitting, tasting the sweat from her sleep, tasting the salty tang of her skin at a curved knee... an audible breath escapes her lips, legs twitch; opening just a little more as his eyes follow the starlight on her limbs to her dark female center. A scent of honey, flowers, morning dew; heightened senses.

So much more leg to explore, a thigh; soft and shaven, rippling and tensing in miniscule flutters every time his mouth reaches out to her. Skin rising in gentle slopes to the twin peaks of mounded flesh, goose bumped. His body aroused as he lies on the bed behind her feeling his hardness mash against the sheets. His lips tasting each cheek, kissing, feeling tracing wet signatures and small red sucks to the valley between. Legs parting voluntarily as hands glide up the suckled skin. Sleep disturbed, she moans out a hello in an approving giggle. As he nibbles deeper his mouth finds her crinkled rosebud as his fingers find her wet, inviting pussy. 

"Oooh, you... yessss." She whispers not wanting to wake from this dream.

Her flower dripping wetness onto one, then two fingers as they slowly go deeper into her. Ass rises to an arch as his tongue does interesting twists around her anus. Humping back at his face; a bit rough from his moustache. Escalating friction adds to clenching of her inner muscles. He feels the shudders from the inside and somewhere in his mind he wonders at the pure sexuality of this woman. In sheer joy of the moment he wants to tell her how much that he wants her but doesn't want to remove from his project, making her cum would be enough. He in one quick movement flips to his back and under her so that she is perched on his face and she begins to writhe as his tongue finds her clit. Hard as a little pebble she grinds on his fingers inside twisting, thrusting, fluttering. The disturbed room becomes an echo chamber as her moans bounce off the wall.

"Yes, I'm going to...ahh, lick me!!" she shudders, and exhales and cums. For time unknown he languishes on her shore, swims in her ocean quenching his thirst as she feeds him her nectar. 

Still he can't stand the desire and quickly climbs behind her. As she begins to come down from a plateau of pleasure he introduces his cock to her, finally after all the torturous games he wriggles inside of her and almost too quickly jabs. She gasps at the intrusion; he smiles at the accomplishment and stops. Clenching every muscle in his torso feeling and unfeeling every slick ripple of her tunnel. 

He opens his eyes and notices her head turned looking at him with a triumphant look of her own. She planned this, worked this, fed this until THIS exact second with his hard cock tingling inside of her and she circles her hips and slowly inches off then sways back on. He, like a stunned man wakes and pushes back. With the creaking of the bed and the soft slither of sweat on sweat the dance begins. He lifts one leg for a different angle; she rolls her back for another. Grasping her ass he spreads and stares at her winking asshole; tickling it with his thumb. She reaches between them and fondles her clit and his balls at the same time; feeling the copious fluids churning there. He begins to thrust harder until it is a controlled 'Thwaap!' on her ass, as rhythmic and tantric as the clock on the wall. He feels the urge as she swims in and out of different levels of heaven. He knows that he will cum soon and can only think of the rising tension in his groin, mind almost blank, focused on the spot between his balls and ass as it snaps, and he cringes and shoots inside; a jet of white heat that feels like a gallon with every spasm. 

Eyes clenched shut, he hears her soft moan. Dual sets of knees buckling to the soaked mattress, arms entwining. He spoons her from behind and begins to nibble her neck. Soft, languid fingers caress his cheek. He looks at her soft dark hair in the soft sliver light. A smile crosses his lips in the dark as she mumbles. He pulls her closer and wraps his strong arms around her, wedging his now almost flaccid tool in her ass crack. She wiggles back 'til it slips between moist thighs nuzzling near her now satisfied womb, as their combined fluids mingle and encase him in a soft, warm shelter. 

"You're staying, right?...Please stay.." She hums almost in her sleep.