 After she got dressed, Jane headed for the kitchen where she could hear Emma moving around. Coming through the door, she saw that Emma was already dressed and just clearing away her breakfast dishes.

"Good morning," called Jane as she entered.

"Hello again," said Emma, as she turned from the sink. "Are you all clean now?"

"Yes, clean and ready to face the day," she glanced at the clock. "Is that the time? I have to meet Peter in half an hour, I'd better get going."

"Jane," said Emma, her voice apprehensive, "do you have time to talk before you bolt?"

"Of course, I do, and we need to talk don't we?"

"I don't want this to interfere with our friendship, I just want you to know that. I see this as kind of a new level of friendship, don't you? I really enjoyed last night, and I look forward to doing it again, but it's not about love is it? It's about a new kind of sex. I don't want to be your girlfriend at all."

"I'm so happy you feel that way," said Jane, crossing the kitchen to hug her friend. "I love you dearly and now I know I'm attracted to you physically, but yes, we both need men don't we? I mean you were fabulous, and I definitely didn't have to fake it, so we can do it again, we just won't worry about a 'relationship'. The one we have right now is perfect."

The girls hugged and laughed. Jane grabbed some fruit and rushed out of the house. She was in a hurry to meet Peter, the more she thought about sex with him the faster she moved. It was one of those times when she knew before hand how good it was going to be, without question.

When she reached the coffee shop, he was not yet there, she debated buying something to drink, but decided against it. She went back outside to wait; she wanted to have him as soon as possible. She was getting wet just thinking about him.

Jane's heart leapt when she saw Peter approaching. With his tall, athletic figure and thick, dark hair, he was unmistakable even from a distance. She had intended to play it cool and wait for him to reach her, but she could not hold back. She ran down the street to meet him halfway along the block. He stopped when he saw her coming and waited for her.

"Good morning," he said, smiling down at her as he hugged her.

"Hey handsome," she replied.

She pulled his face down and kissed him. He was surprised by the public show of affection, but responded to her as she slipped her tongue between his lips and into his mouth. After a brief time, she pulled back to look him in the eyes. She could tell from the look in his eyes that she had his attention. "I'm neglected to put something on this morning," she said.

Peter immediately knew what she was referring to and what she wanted. "But what about our lunch plans?"

She knew he was as ready for it as she was; they were already heading towards his apartment, both of them walking at top speed. When they got into the elevator, he caught hold of her again. He pushed her back into the corner and she could feel the passion and desire in the fervent manner in which he bit at her neck and groped at her breasts. By the time they reached his floor he had one hand down the back of her trousers, the other was up her shirt pulling at her right nipple. His mouth was against hers; their tongues were intertwined in their hunger for each other. Her hands were up under his shirt, clawing at his back.

When the door opened at his floor, they moved as one to the apartment door; he released his grip on her rear only long enough to find his keys and open the door. Once the door was open, Peter pushed her roughly through and against the wall. He grabbed her by the hair and pulled her head back, bending down and kissing her neck.

"God, you're sexy!" he whispered, in between his fervent bites and kisses.

Jane pushed him away and looked up into his hungry blue eyes, she was filled with an overwhelming need to have him. Glancing down, she could see that he was already hard, he was ready for her as well. She quickly shook off her jacket, kicked off her shoes, pulled her t_shirt over her head, and slipped off her jeans. Standing naked in front of him, her hunger for him grew. She looked at the hands that were already reaching out to touch her; this would be good.

She put a hand behind his neck and pulled him back down to her, his hands went to her waist, but didn't stay there. Feeling his hands moving from her hips, to her breasts, to her thighs, her passion increased. His hand grazed along the inside curve of her upper thigh, as he ran it along her pelvic bone up to her hip, she could feel that his fingers were wet. Unable to wait any longer she reached down and undid his belt, lacking dexterity in her desire, she fiddled with his khakis before getting them undone. Sliding his trousers and boxers off his hips, she was greeted by his large, erect cock. She traced its length with her index finger, the skin was so smooth when he was up, she loved that feeling.

Unable to contain herself any longer, Jane pushed Peter through the hallway and down onto the floor of the living room. She didn't need anymore foreplay, they were both ready to go. Peter was still wearing his shirt and she had only pushed his pants down around his ankles, but he didn't need to be naked, she had access to what she needed. She watched the desire and excitement in his eyes as she straddled him and lowered herself onto his stomach.

"I want you right now, I can't wait, I need to feel you fill me!" she told him as she stared into his eyes.

Jane raised herself on to her knees and glanced down at Peter's swelling penis. She lowered herself down gently so that her clit made contact with the head of his shaft. She slowly slid back and forth a couple of times to make sure he was well lubricated. His eyes closed and he let his head fall back as he groaned with pleasure. His hands reached up blindly and found her breasts, he twisted and pulled at her already firm nipples until they were as hard as rocks.

"I want you to surround me," he whispered, "I want to go deep inside of you."

With Jane carefully lowered herself onto him, feeling his dick fill her, its girth pushing against the walls of her vagina as it entered. She moaned in pleasure and looked down at him. He opened his eyes, and as she began to pump against him slowly, he slid his left hand down her ribs and stomach to her mound. He easily located her now swollen clit with his thumb and began to stroke it in time with her thrusts. Jane increased the speed of her pumping, feeling herself about to orgasm from his manual stimulation. Her head fell back and she cried out as she came for the first time. Peter smiled up at her, it always amazed him how she could come over and over again, rarely having fewer than five orgasms during one fuck.

Jane concentrated on milking Peter's penis inside of her. She contracted her muscles around him, holding him as tightly as she could as she pushed herself down until he was deep inside of her or pulled up until all she held inside was the head and foreskin. She continued to come at short intervals as Peter stroked and rubbed at her clit. It was fabulous and so different from her sessions with Emma the previous night and that morning. Emma's fingers couldn't fill her the way Peter did.

She looked down and saw he was about to come, she could tell from the way his head rolled back as he moaned and bit his lips until they were red. She upped her speed again so she was thrusting as fast as she could. Peter's hands were at his sides now as he pushed himself towards orgasm; Jane didn't need manual stimulation now though. She knew this time they would come together.

She could feel him get bigger just before he came, and as he exploded inside of her, they cried out in unison as the rush went through both their bodies. She looked down at him and watched as his eyes opened and he smiled up at her. He put his arms around her and pulled her down to lie on top of him. She still held him inside of her and would do so as long as possible.

"That was better than any lunch I've had in a long time," he whispered in her ear.

"Well, I just wasn't really hungry, so I tried to come up with a good alternative," she laughed.

For a while they continued to lie there together. Peter loved her naked body and continually kept his hands moving along her back and over the curve of her firm, round bottom. She thought about Emma, they could give each other great manual and oral sex, but she still needed this as well. She needed the feeling of a man coming inside of her. It was fine for her though, because now she could have both, any time she wanted. Life doesn't get better than this, she thought to herself, as she lay on top of Peter, feeling him still inside of her.

An idea was beginning to form in the back of Jane's mind. She knew she enjoyed sex with Peter, and she had a good time with Emma. If she and Emma continued to experiment, maybe the time would come when she could combine these two passions and try them together. She looked down at Peter gazing up at her; she was not sure whether she was ready to share him. She would think about it before she mentioned the idea to either of them.

"What are you thinking about?" Peter asked.

"Just stuff, what we're going to do this afternoon, you know."

"What are we going to do?"

"I'm getting kind of hungry now, so I was thinking lunch and then maybe we could go for a walk by the river. Then I can go and see if the book that I want is at Byron's. But first I think I should get dressed and you should put your pants back on."

Peter agreed with that plan; after a few more minutes they got up and dressed, ready to move on to lunch. As they embraced before leaving the room, Jane took the time to anticipate the next time they would make love. She had never had a lover she wanted so often before, if she thought about it for too long she would be ready to go again. How had this man turned her into a sex machine? Whatever it was, she hoped it would continue.