 I'm standing in your office, just looking over the papers on your desk when I sense you approach behind me... My hands reach back on either side... Finding your lovely breasts, mmmm nice! Squeezing... Massaging... A little rougher than normal today... Feeling the nipples hardening already... Turning to face you, still massaging them.. Pinching the tips... Hearing the way you react... Stopping to pull up your blouse... Setting it atop your breasts... The bra unfastened... 

So I can start to suck and tease them... Trying to draw the whole breast into my mouth... My teeth nipping at you... Hand not neglecting that other lovely tit... Still just rough enough to turn them red & make you moan in pleasure... Today I'm leaving your office door open though... I want anyone walking by to see me pleasing you... Tongue circling... Lips sucking... As I feel your nipples get harder and harder... Asking if you want me to keep going? You reply with a moaned "Yes!" biting harder on the nipples now... Pulling back with my teeth each time, only releasing when it's almost too much to take... While my one hand has moved down now... Massaging your groin as I rub the denim into your mound over and over... 

God I love hearing you get hot above me as I do this... Teasing the other nipple... Just the same way... Unsnapping your jeans... Easing the zipper down... Back to your first breast... Less teeth this time, more sucking the whole tit in... Twisting and tonguing at it... Hand snaking down the front of your jeans, tight fit! Mmmmmmm... You're freshly shaved babe... So nice... Fingers grazing the top of your slit now... Just barely teasing you... Perfect angle to tease and not quite touch the clit the way you want and need... Kissing a little lower... My tongue running down... Across your flat stomach... Stopping to tease your navel... My tongue flicking in and out... While my hand leaves your crotch... Moving to pull your jeans to your knees...

It takes some wiggling, they're such a sexy, tight fit... Pausing... Kissing, just once at the top of your slit over your clit... You can feel my breath and moan at the touch... Then, standing... Pulling you to me as I kiss you... Tongues dueling... Your body grinds against me from all the teasing i've done... I pull away... Sensing your frustration I tell you "Turn around lover. Grab your desk and bend over... I want to lick you from behind..." you eagerly move to comply I kneel behind you... Picture the scene... Your door is open - anyone could walk by... 

Your breasts hanging free, nipples so very hard... Hands holding the edge... Your ass sticking out at me... So close to my face... And I wish you knew how incredible you looked from this viewpoint... The way your pussy is, all shaven the way I love.. The way your lips get all red and swollen when you get hot... And I can see how wet you are... You hear me behind you...

"Where do you want me to lick first baby??"

"Tease my cheeks..." my tongue is out for you... So very close I can feel your heat... And smell that wonderful aroma of your sex... Mmmm yes... The tip of my tongue touching the left one... Tracing a path as I lick sloooooowwwwwllllllyyyyyy up... To the base of your spine... Tickling and teasing you there... Then the right... Both times, right about the middle of the cheek... Nipping you gently with my teeth at the top this time... Then, back down... My tongue further in, just at that part where they start to curve into your asscrack... Licking up... Up... Up... Again... Another bite... The other side... You feel how wet my tongue is... And I feel you pushing slightly back to meet my touch each time... Sucking this time at your skin, instead of biting... And this time, my tongue moving to the center up top... My hands spreading your cheeks... As I lick slooooowwwlllyy but firmly right down the middle... Lower... Lower... 

Crossing your ass... Lower... Finally... Pausing... You know you want it... Your ass pushing back towards my face... Licking and sliding along the outer lips, where they join your inner thighs... God lover, you're soaked already... You do get so wet... Licking in this stroke... From bottom to top... 

"Oh!!!" you cry as my tongue finally touches where you need... Circling just above your clit... Your one hand moving up to pinch and squeeze your nipple... Licking the other way... This time my tongue spreading your pussy lips wide... I love the taste of wet pussy! 

"You're killing me!" I hear from in front, as I dart it in and out of your hole... Fucking it with my tongue... You can hear the sounds of me drinking your juices... I pause and ask if you want me to stop, and you moan "NO!" even louder... My mouth moving closer to your pussy... No more teasing as I bury my face into you from behind... Licking, sucking, slurping up all of your slick wetness... Drawing your lips apart with my thumbs so I can get in even closer... My tongue concentrating on your clit now... It's stiff and excited, and you moan at the touch... 

Sucking it into my mouth then, hard slurps... My teeth nipping at it softly the way they did at your nipples... Then shifting to my tongue flicking back and forth... The whole time my nose and face rubbing at the rest of your hot pussy... Your moans and gasps getting louder each time, but neither of us care... Moving my tongue back to your dripping hole again... Darting in and out a few more times, licking your wetness... Then back to tease your ass again too... Loving the fact my mouth is possessing all of you... I pull my face away as you moan in frustration again... "No baby... I HAVE to fuck you... Eating you has gotten me sooooo hard."

"Yes," you cry, "fuck me... I don't want it slow today, fuck the shit out of me!" I quickly stand behind you and you hear my zipper lower... Feel the hot hard head of my cock sliding around the outside of your wet shaved pussy... Teasing you a little more... Not entering... Rolling over your swollen clit... Over and over... Loving how wet and hot i've made you already... The way your hips are pushing back, dying to get me inside you... Your juices glistening on the head of my cock, dripping down your inner thighs... You can't take any more teasing as you reach back with one soft hand... Guiding me inside your pussy... It's so tight I can barely get in... 

I hear you cry from the mixture of pain and pleasure, as you push back to meet my first forward thrust... My hands on your hips as I bury myself to the balls in one stroke... With both cry out at the feeling... God, there is nothing on earth like the first moment a pussy fits itself around you... Neither of us waiting for more... I begin to pump in and out, fast and hard... My balls slapping into your clit with each stroke... You pushing back to meet each thrust... Your one hand on the desk for balance... Your other back to pinch and tease your nipples... You can hear the sounds of your dripping hot hole taking me in and out... I keep my hands on your hips, holding them tight as I keep fucking you hard and fast... You can feel how stiff you've gotten me today... 

I tell you how sexy you look like this... How you've turned me on... How I love taking you right in your office, where anyone can see... "Oh, yes!" you moan, as you push back, urging me to fuck your hot pussy, to give it to you hard and fast... I tell you how I love looking at this, the way your lips wrap around me, moving in and out as my cock fills you... How you're so wet the juices are running off my hard dick... God... So good... I'm fucking even harder than before, almost driving you into the desk with each stroke... But hitting that spot inside you just right... At the same time my one hand around your waist to rub and tease your clit in that way you love so much... Pulling you close with my other arm as I keep pounding into you... 

Slapping into that wet, hot mound like a man possessed... Biting and nibbling at your neck, living only for the feeling of this hot, wonderful fuck... Your body grinding back to meet me, loving the rough, wild sex we've needed for so long... Finally pinching your clit between my fingers as I circle and rub hard, burying myself to the balls as I cum!!!! Screaming your name for the world to hear as it feels as if I'm emptying my entire body through my balls into you... The feeling of my throbbing eruption, my fingers and my cry drives you over the edge... 

I feel you cum as well, your pussy squeezing me even tighter than before as you grind your hips in circles against me, letting the head of my cock rub your special spot just right... The mixture of our cum overflowing as it runs out... Still holding you close as I give those few last, hard thrusts inside you, my final spurts matching the end of your own orgasm... Finally collapsing into the chair, still inside you as we try to catch our breath...