 (A traditional week at the beach for old friends takes a new turn when passions affect the life-long barriers among the couples. This chapter continues the story of Bryan, Jeff and Linda, Mark and Sasha, and Bob and Carol. You might enjoy this chapter more if you read Chapter 1.)



Bryan and Linda stood at the top of the Highland Lighthouse in Truro. Their conversation brought Bryan to the edge of a deep ravine. Would peeking over the rim allow him to see clearly that his late wife was sleeping with one of his best friends? Would he ever let find out the truth? Maybe, but not now. Not, with Linda standing close to him.

"Let's go down," Bryan said.

Linda hugged him and stepped back. She looked him in the eye and moved in to kiss his lips.

Bryan wanted to pull back, but the heat of her caress kept him sealed to her mouth.

When she broke off, Bryan's mind was still reeling.

She took his hand and led him to the door. In minutes they were on the ground.

"Time to bore me," she said.

"Uh, Linda, about up there..."

"Bryan, let's just go over to the museum."

They moved off in the direction of the building. 

"Do you mind if I just sit out here and get some sun?"

Bryan assured her it was ok.

After an hour and a half of reading old newspaper accounts and personal diaries, Bryan had enough notes to begin organizing his plot outline. He emerged and found Linda engaged in conversation with an older woman. They were sitting on a rough bench situated on the grass.

Bryan learned the woman, Susan, was a volunteer at the museum. She said Linda told her he was interested in shipwrecks. He acknowledged that and she offered to help him track down information. They talked for a while and then he and Linda headed back.

The gang met back at the house and headed out to a great afternoon on the beach, followed by another delicious dinner and good times. Being tired from the late evening the night before, all were in bed by eleven.

*** 

Bryan returned from his morning run and once again headed to the outdoor shower while wrapped in a towel.

He hung the towel and began one of the showers, enjoying the pulse of the water on his head and back.

"I like a man who keeps to a schedule."

Bryan opened my eyes to see Sasha standing in front of him. She had her towel around her and the shower caddy in her left hand.

"Uh, I don't think this time is a mistake," he said, but making no effort to cover up.

"Nope."

She looked him up and down.

"It looks just as good soft as it did hard," she said.

"Thanks, I guess."

Sasha smiled and set her caddy on the small stool against the foundation. She stepped back and adjusted the second shower. When her hand indicated the water was the right temp, she slipped her towel off and placed it on the hook outside of the flow.

Bryan looked at her white bottom. Her cheeks looked firm and round. Sasha walked under the water and stood until she was all wet, including her hair. Slowly she turned and faced him. He couldn't help but stare. He willed himself to look away, but his strength flagged. Sasha's breasts were white and stood out against her tanned body. Each delicate globe, sagging slightly was topped by a dark areola and darker, hard nipple. Her middle was tanned and flat. Although she and Mark had two children, she had the figure of a woman in her thirties, not late-forties. His gaze travelled to her dark patch. Sasha displayed a neatly trimmed set of tight curls. She obviously groomed herself to conform to the lines of her two-piece bathing suit.

She smiled at him. 

He stared, with his mouth hanging open.

"Say something, for god's sake, Bryan."

"You're beautiful, Sasha. Simply beautiful."

She beamed. Glancing down, she saw his erection confirmed his words.

Sasha soaped her body, starting at her shoulders, covering her breasts, lathering her pubic patch and finally dealing with each leg. She rubbed her hands together and soon they overflowed with suds. Taking a step toward Bryan, she spread the suds along his hard, and now aching, shaft. Slowly she moved her hands up and down.

"Sasha, don't," he moaned.

She continued gently stroking him.

"God, that feels so good. But, Sasha, this isn't right."

"It's ok, Bryan. Just enjoy."

He closed his eyes and let the sensations rack his body. "Please, stop." Sasha removed her hands. He immediately regretted the loss of intimacy.

"Sasha, I was so close."

"Let it go. You need it."

Bryan let his hand travel the soapy length of his erection. He groaned and began pumping. Bryan pushed his pelvis forward. His tip hit her stomach. He stroked faster and let loose. The first stream went up as far as her right breast. As his second eruption began, Sasha moved tight against him, trapping the erupting organ between their bodies. Bryan felt her breasts mashed against his chest. Without consciously willing, his hands moved behind her and grasped her buns. He pulled her tighter as he continued to hump her stomach and shoot hot liquid.

Sasha's arms were around his waist and she wiggled her body, opening her legs to allow his thigh to rest between hers. Dropping her hands until they found his butt, she ground against him. He let go with two more bursts. Soon, only the sound of the two showers broke the calm of the early morning. Sasha continued to rub her crotch against his thigh. Bryan pushed back against her. If this is what she needed, he would help and bent his leg to offer her the right angle to fit her pussy. Sasha was now breathing hard. Her lower body moved faster and pounded stronger against him. Bryan slid one hand from her rear, along her hip and crammed it in between them. Slowly, he pushed down until his finger plowed through her hair and he felt the hard bud. He pushed against it.

"Oh, Jesus, Mary and Joseph," Sasha cried. She dug her fingernails into his ass and pressed her face fast against his chest.

Bryan began rubbing her clit as she moved up and down on his bent thigh. He slipped his other hand on her left breast. Massaging it gently, he moved his hand in circles. Sasha clamped onto his nipple. He held back a scream as she bit down. Moving his hand to her pebble-like nipple, he pinched it hard. At the same time, he used his thumb on her clit.

"No, no, no," Sasha cried as her body tensed against his. Bryan felt her tighten against him. He pushed hard on her exposed clit. Crying out once more, she released him and began to slide to the wet, cedar floor. Bryan steadied her until she sat, the two showers cascading on top of her. Her head hung and moved slowly back and forth.

After a minute, Sasha seemed to gather herself. She turned her face up to him. From her position, she looked directly at his semi-flaccid member. She took the tip and brought it to her lips. Placing tiny kisses around his head, she extended her tongue and licked the entire crown. Bryan was frozen in place. Sasha caught his eye. She smiled and opened her mouth. The sensations exploded in his groin. Her warm mouth and tongue welcomed him as she began to softly suck. Bryan was sure they were breaking too many barriers and doing so too fast. He petted her damp hair and moved her off his dick.

"Come here," he said and helped her to stand.

He bent and kissed her mouth. She kissed back, using her tongue and opening her mouth to allow him entry. They remained in this embrace until the water started to chill.

Bryan broke from her and turned off each shower. 

He took her towel and dried her. His hands moved over every inch of her body. Even with the thick cotton between his touch and her skin, he relished the feel of each contour. He wrapped her in her towel and gathered her in his arms.

"I don't think we shampooed."

"Shame," she said. "But, I think I can overlook it."

He kissed the top of her head.

"Sasha..."

"Bryan, please don't say anything right now."

He remained silent. Involuntarily, he shivered.

Sasha looked up. "You need to towel off."

He grabbed his towel and dried himself. He saw Sasha smiling as he moved the towel over his body.

"What?"

"I love looking at your cock."

Bryan had never heard her use any sort of vulgarity. His face betrayed his reaction.

"What, you don't think I should be allowed to say 'cock'?"

"It's just...Well, I never heard you say it before."

"Yeah, well I never watched you jerk off before. Nor, did I ever have you give me an orgasm. So, I think I'm entitled to say cock."

Bryan laughed. "Well, since you put it that way..."

Sasha grinned. He wrapped the towel around him. "Ok, we won't talk about this now. But, Sasha, we have to talk about it sometime."

"Why?"

"Why? Let's see. We've been friends forever. You're married. You're married to my best friend. My best friend, your husband, is no more than fifty feet away. I could go on, but I think you must see there is something to talk about."

"Listen, Bryan, Mark knows where I am. I am pretty sure he knows why I came here. If there is any doubt, however, I will tell him."

"Tell him what?" Bryan said in mild shock.

"Tell him that I watched our best friend jerk off."

"Are you nuts? He'll go crazy."

Sasha took a brush from her caddy and began running it through her hair.

"No, he won't. We had a long talk last night. He realizes how hard it must be on you. He also understands that, while I don't blame him for his impotency, it's been damn hard on me. If we can help each other, then he can live with it."

"I won't be able to look him in the eye."

Sasha took his hand. "Yes, Bryan, you will. You will act like nothing happened. You will be his friend; you will talk about cars and all the stupid stuff you guys always talk about and you will not let this come between you. You don't have to talk about what happened in the shower, but you will not let it change us." 

"But, you took my cock into your mouth."

Sasha thought about that and grinned slyly.

"Well, let's just say that was not planned."

Bryan stared at her. He never imagined she had such a sensual side.

"But, that doesn't mean I didn't enjoy the hell out of it.

"I also helped you get off, if I'm not mistaken," Bryan said.

Sasha dropped the brush back into her caddy.

"See, now we're talking about it. No good will come of this, Bryan."

"You did get off, didn't you?"

Sasha grinned from ear to ear.

"I came like an atomic explosion. It was the best in years."

Bryan felt a tinge of pride. Sasha read his expression.

"Ok, before you go getting all pumped up, yes, it was great, but it was just one orgasm—one, long-overdue orgasm."

"Aw, and I thought it was special," Bryan teased.

"It was lovely. And, maybe the next time it can be better."

"Next time?"

"Well, we are going to be here all week, aren't we?"

Bryan nodded.

"So, yeah, next time," she said.

"Sasha?"

"What?"

"It was special for me. You are incredibly beautiful. I loved touching you. I loved making you cum. Maybe if there is a next time, would you let me...?"

"Bryan, Mark made it clear. He does not want you fucking me."

"Fucking? Who said anything about fucking? Anyway, that's the first time I ever heard you say that word, either."

"Well, today has a lot of firsts. If you weren't going to ask to fuck me, what were you going to say?"

Bryan blushed. "I was going to ask if I could go down on you."

Now it was Sasha's turn to blush. Her face reddened and the blush spread from her ears to as much as he could still see of her flesh before disappearing into her towel.

"What?" he asked.

"No man has ever done that to me."

"No way. You mean Mark..."

"No. I thought there must be something wrong with me. I tried to guide him there in the beginning, but he never took the hint. Once I asked him outright. He just said that was not his thing. So, I just went along."

Bryan shook his head.

"Why are you doing that?" Sasha asked.

"It's just that all these years that he's been impotent, at least he could have given you oral. That would have been something."

Sasha looked away. Softly she said, "True, that would have been something."

"So, are you game?"

"Let me think about it?"

"I'm pretty good," Bryan said.

"Maybe," she replied and picked up her caddy. Bryan watched her butt move under the towel as she walked back up to the front. She looked over her shoulder and caught him staring at her behind. She smiled and turned away.

"I can live with 'Maybe' for now," he thought.

*** 

"I hear you had an interesting shower this morning."

Bryan looked up from his crossword to see Linda holding two steaming mugs. He took the one she offered and sipped the black coffee.

"Is nothing private anymore?" he asked.

"This is the digital age," she said sliding in next to him on the bench at the picnic table.

"My shower has nothing to do with anything digital."

Linda smiled. "Well, I understand digits were involved."

Bryan grinned back at her.

"God, I keep forgetting how women talk about everything."

"Not everything," she said as she nibbled on a plain bagel, "but certainly lots of things. Besides, Sasha is nervous."

Bryan recalled the look in Sasha's eyes and he stroked himself in front of her. His memory quickly switched to the feeling of holding her against him as his orgasm sent hot liquid between the two bodies as her naked breasts crushed against his chest. He was not sure her look exhibited nervousness. It seemed to be more lustful than anything else.

"Well, I hope she feels better now," Bryan said with a hint of sarcasm.

Linda turned to look directly at him.

"She said it was awesome. She's nervous about others finding out and thinking she is a tramp. I told her not to worry. Besides, I'm thinking we should sell tickets."

"Really! And, who would be interested in buying one?"

Linda blushed and looked away.

Departure for the beach was set for 1:00 pm since they all were going on a hike over the dunes before the tides shifted.

Between breakfast and departure, people busied themselves in various activities. Linda and Sasha worked on the large jigsaw puzzle set up on a card table in the living room. Bob, Carol and Jeff cleaned up the kitchen from breakfast and prepared a lunch to take to the beach. Mark spent time on the deck using his cell phone to stay on top of several deals he had pending for land sales. Bryan lay on the couch in the living room reading a history of Truro. He stole glances at the two women hunched over the puzzle. They spoke in whispers, shot him a glance and giggled as they tried to fit pieces into place.

Later, they piled into Bob's and Bryan's cars for the ten minute ride to Ballston Beach. Bob had a resident sticker and Bryan purchased one for a month. He was planning to stay at the house to work on his research. Bob and Carol were more than happy to have him.

The parking lot was three-quarters full. Leaving their supplies in the cars, they followed Bob as he led them on a trail that took them along the dunes until they reached a high point. Standing there they looked over the smaller dunes lining the beach. Beyond, the Atlantic glistened in the bright sunlight. Off to their left they watched as a pair of seals playing in the surf. Bob said they had sightings of Great Whites that were attracted to the tasty critters.

Hiking back, they unloaded the vehicles. People started lugging the chairs, umbrellas, and coolers up the sandy incline and down the other side. Carol led them about 100 yards up the beach to a level spot with no one immediately next to them.

Bob and Jeff assembled their fishing poles and wandered down to the ocean's edge. They slowly made their way up the shore, casting for striped bass and blue fish, but mostly just enjoying the sun and surf.

Mark settled into a beach chair, slipped a bottle of chilled water into the arm rest and began to stare out at the sea. Carol spread out her large towel and lay on her stomach. She reached behind to undo her top. She asked Linda to spread sunscreen all over her. Linda complied and finished the job with a hard slap on Carol's ass, barely contained in her bikini bottom. Carol rose up to complain and exposed her hanging breasts to Bryan. He had seen them often back in college. He noticed they were larger and heavier now. She caught him looking and smiled. 

"It's always good to see old friends," he said softly enough that Mark couldn't hear him.

"Old is right," Carol said and moved her torso so the large mounds swayed back and forth.

"Still, attractive, babe."

"For real?" she asked.

"For real," he said.

Smiling, Carol lay back down. She put in her ear buds, pulled her large sunhat over her head and began to drift off to sleep. 

Sasha and Linda helped each other apply sunscreen. Since Mark kept his shirt on, and covered his bottom with a beach towel. He was all set. He wore wrap-around sunglasses over his prescription ones and a SPF protection hat with a wide brim and a back flap. He hardly looked like he was enjoying the sun, but Bryan knew Mark loved sitting and looking at the waves.

Bryan had pulled his tee shirt off. He walked down to where the sand dropped off before the waves broke on the shore. The sandy decline was steep enough that those up on the beach could not see anyone standing at the water's edge.

Sasha and Linda came up behind him. 

"You need some sunscreen on your back. Do you mind if I help?" said Sasha

He shook his head. In a second he felt the cool liquid as it made a line across his shoulders. Next Sasha's fingers began to work it into his flesh. Her touch was firm and felt good. She squirted some more along his lower back and massaged it into his sides and along the top of his swim suit. Bryan tensed as she slipped her fingers under the band. Her fingers dipped low enough to touch the top of his buns.

"I think they'll be protected."

"Why take chances," she whispered into his ear and cupped each cheek.

Bryan noticed Linda watching with a grin.

Her hands, still within the waistband, moved around to his front. Her fingers now brushed his pubic hair.

"Jesus, Sasha."

She giggled as she removed one hand. Her other plunged down and grazed his dick.

"Christ almighty, what the hell are you doing?"

"Teasing you!"

"Well, you're doing a helluva job. Cut it out."

Sasha reached lower and pulled the tip of his dick up, then with it resting vertically, slipped her hand further down in to cup his balls. Finally she eased her hands out of his trunks. She continued to slide both hands up his chest and tweaked his nipples.

"Stop it," he hissed.

Linda giggled as she watched her friend torment Bryan.

Sasha reached down outside his suit to feel the hardness underneath.

"God, Linda, guys are so easy."

"Oh, yeah," he said. "I bet you'd be turned on if I did that to you in public."

Sasha rested her head against his back. 

"Yeah, you're right. I'm wet right now." She stroked him softly outside his suit.

Bryan thought he was going to pop. They stood quietly next to each other for a while.

Linda spoke first.

"Sasha and I are going for a walk. Care to join us?"

"Sorry," Bryan said, trying to control his voice. "Right now I have to jump in the freezing ocean to get rid of this tent. But, thanks anyway."

"Too bad. Well, if you need more sunscreen later, just let us know."

They left and Bryan raced down the sandy incline and dove into the first wave he reached. The shock numbed his entire body and effectively erased his erection. He turned and saw the two women walking hand in hand up the beach.

"This is getting too crazy," he thought.

Dripping, he picked up the tube of sunscreen from where Sasha dropped it and jogged back to where Carol and Mark remained. He toweled off and put sunscreen on his face, chest and legs. He pulled a beach chair next to Mark and sat.
