 ...as soon as he was completely undressed his huge cock stood straight out. His balls were shaved as well as his entire groin area. He grabbed his dick in his hand and stroked it a few times as he stared at me. 

I lifted my feet and put both of them on the bed and spread my legs wide open. I used one hand to open my pussy lips as I rubbed my clit with the other hand. I was staring right into his eyes...I wanted him to know I wanted him.

Quickly he approached the bed. He grabbed the front of my dress and ripped it open right down the front. I was startled, but excited...I really liked that dress! He then grabbed one of my arms and without hesitation, flipped me over. I was laying face down on the bed. He held both of my hands and put my arms behind my back, after that he pulled what was left of the dress, behind me. He used the dress to make a tie, restraining my hands behind my back. He then flipped me over once more. There I lay, hands tied behind my back. 

He positioned my legs back up on the bed and spread them far apart. As soon as he had done this he dove into me. He slammed his big dick all the way into me. I yelled out and he covered my mouth with his hand as he pumped away at my tight pussy. As he continued fucking me it became less painful, I began to get wet and lubricated. Eric grabbed my hair and jerked my head backwards as he started licking and biting at my neck. 

He worked his way down to my tits, biting at them and working them with his strong hands. He took both of his hands and placed them on my knees, holding them close to my body and continued slamming into me with his massive cock. He was breathing heavily and moaning.

Quickly he pulled his dick from my pussy and moved up towards my face. One of his hands he used to grab my face, "Open that pretty mouth," he breathed. As he shoved a fat finger between my lips forcing my mouth open. 

I opened my mouth wide and stuck out my tongue. "Oh yeah baby, you want it don't you?" he asked. I nodded my head up and down. I ran my tongue all along my lips.

"Mmmmm yes please, let me taste it, please..." I was begging for his cum. I was bucking my pussy up and down underneath him. 

He grabbed my hair again and laid his big cock right on my lips. He grabbed his cock with both hands and jacked it off right into my mouth. He had a huge amount of cum and it filled my mouth and ran down the sides. I wasn't going to swallow it...I wanted it to fill my mouth. I used my tongue to push it out of my mouth and move it all around. As he kept jacking his cock off he managed to cover most of my face. 

"Oh damn! Baby you look so good with my cum all over your face!" he said. "Does it make you want to cum, baby?"

I nodded again and was licking his cum from my lips. He turned me over once more. With my hands still restrained behind my back he pulled me to my knees, face down on the bed. I felt him spread my ass cheeks open. "Mmmmm, what a nice ass," he said. And then I felt his tongue on my asshole. He licked it one quick lick, I was squirming. He then licked at my cunt. He was licking at it with quick darts of his hard tongue. And all at once he used both of his hands to spread my ass wide open. He used his tongue to lick from my wet pussy to my asshole...."Ohhhhh yesss..." I was moaning "oh yes lick my cunt, lick my ass." "Please eat me baby." I was raising my ass as high into the air as I could. Giving him complete access.

Then suddenly he stopped. My pussy was aching for him to eat it. "Do you want it?" he asked "Do you want me to make it feel good?"

"OH yes, please" I cried "Please make me cum, I want you to taste my cum!" "Please eat me..." I was pleading with him. I was so hot and so ready to cum, I couldn't stand it.

"Tell me more, tell me what you want." He said. And he spanked my ass hard. He spread my ass opened with one hand and slapped my asshole hard with the other hand. "I won't stop until you tell me what you want." And he slapped my ass again.

The sensation was amazing. The sting of his hand on my asshole...made me want him to take care of me. My mind was racing...I wanted him to lick me to suck me to fuck me...anything...

"No!" I screamed...and he slapped me again. He then raised my ass up farther and slapped me again, this time slapping my pussy, hard. 

"Oh please!" I moaned.

"Please what?" he asked as he slapped me again, twice...this time hitting my asshole and then my pussy. "Tell me what you want!" He yelled.

"I WANT YOU TO EAT ME DAMN IT!" I screamed. "Eat my cunt, eat my ass make me cum damn you!" I was so aroused.

Then I felt his tongue on my burning cunt, it felt so good, so comforting. He licked and sucked at my pussy as his hands spread me open giving his tongue room to move. He licked my pussy he licked my asshole and rimmed my tight hole with his hard tongue. I felt his tongue enter my asshole as he spread it wide open and fucked it with his tongue. "OOOOhhhhh baby!" I moaned. It was so good. 

He shoved two of his fat fingers into my pussy as his tongue fucked my asshole. Then I felt him slowly push a finger into my ass. He continued licking as he fingered my tight asshole. Then he sat up...two fingers in my cunt and one inside my asshole, he fingered me. He was finger fucking both of my holes, slowly at first and then his rhythm grew quicker. I could feel his fingers against each other inside of me. 

"Ohhh God!, oh my God I am going to cum!!!" I was moaning "OH BABY....here I cum...."

Quickly he removed his finger from my ass and while he still fingered my pussy he sucked hard on my clit. I was ready to explode; he removed his fingers from my cunt and pressed down hard on my clit as he sucked on it. Then he moved his mouth from me and I could feel myself cumming. 

"Oh yes baby, that's it, squirt for me!" he was saying. "My God woman, you have a lot of juice!"

I could feel the cum shoot from my cunt...I could feel it run down my legs and puddle up on the bed beneath me.

Ohhhhh yessss," I was saying, completely out of breath. "That is sooooooo good!"

Eric then slipped the dress off of my arms and laid me back on the bed, rolling me over gently onto my back. He rubbed my pussy gently and licked the juices off slowly, tasting them. He used his hands to wipe his cum from my face and kissed me as he rubbed my hair. He was so tender after the rough session that preceded this. He caressed my face and rubbed my breasts. I was so exhausted I just lay there. He picked up one of my hands and massaged it.

"Are your hands ok? I wasn't too rough was I?" He questioned me. "I had wanted you for so long, I just couldn't control myself."

"It's fine." I told him. "I didn't do anything I didn't want to do." I smiled at him. Sooooo? What's next?" I giggled.

"Oh my God!" He replied, "I was hoping you would say that!"

"And while we're at it, I don't think we are going to make the magic show!?" I said

"How 'bout we make our own magic?" He playfully asked and then he kissed me again as we layback on the bed.

"I have to pee" I told him and sat up. It was dark in the room and I really hadn't looked around. It was difficult to get my bearings. "Well, are you going to show me around?" I asked him.

He sat up and then stood up and walked into the darkened room. A few moments later he flipped on a light. It was a huge room with a huge bed, a very nice room. I guess it is a suite since there is a conversation area as well as just a bedroom. 

"The bathroom is that way." He pointed and then dove headfirst back into the middle of the bed.

I snickered and slapped him on the ass as I got up to head to the bathroom.

The bathroom was huge too. It contained a big glass shower and a Jacuzzi tub big enough for about four people. I decided to fill the tub. I started the water, as I was bent over the tub I felt Eric come up from behind me and slide his hard dick in between my legs.

"Oh you decided to get up, lazy?" I joked as I bent over farther and began to ride his dick, sliding back and forth on it.

"Ok, I really have to pee." I said and used my ass to push him backwards. I stood up and turned to face him. As I did he took me by the hand and led me to the toilet.

"Stand over it and face me." He said. I did straddling the toilet. He then kneeled down in front of me and licked my pussy a little. "Mmmmm, pee, slowly."

I started to pee and he rubbed my pussy with his fingers, then he stuck out his tongue and tasted it. "Ok stop." He said. I managed to cut off the stream. He then stood up in front of me and placed his big dick in between my legs. "Pee on my cock." He said. I began to pee on his dick. He began to pee as well. "Mmmm, your urine is so warm. It feels so good on my hard cock."

A few moments later I was all peed out. He backed up and told me to sit down on the toilet. I did. As I did he moved towards me and stuck his dick in my face. I started to grab it and he stopped me. "Just use your mouth." He said.

I opened my mouth and sucked his cock into it. I was sitting on the toilet, both hands holding on to it as I moved my head back and forth sucking and licking his cock. He was swaying back and forth to the rhythm of my sucking. A minute later he began to pee. He grabbed my chin and moved my face upwards to look at him. I opened my mouth and smiled up at him. 

He peed into my mouth and I let it fill up and run out of the sides. He then peed down my chest and over my tits. It was very warm and felt nice. He finished pissing and it was almost as if he had had an orgasm. He put his cock back in my mouth and I sucked it a little more as he sighed and moaned a little.

He grabbed me by my shoulders and lifted me from the toilet. He kissed me hard and ran his hands down my back to my ass and squeezed both cheeks as he pulled me towards him.

He walked over to the tub and checked the water. "I think it's perfect, shall we?" he asked and held out his hand for me to join him. The bath wasn't completely filled yet but the water level was high enough once we got in, to cover the jets. As we entered the tub, Eric turned on the jets and the hot water began to swirl and bubble.

"Come here." He told me as he sat down and pulled me towards him. He bent me down and sat me down on his lap and kissed me. As he was kissing me he turned us around in the water. He grabbed my legs and bent them at the knees, so that I was on my knees with my arms wrapped around his neck. He scooted me across the tub and all of a sudden I felt one of the jets.

He placed my ass and pussy right into the hard stream of one of the jets. It felt amazing. He was still kissing me, our tongues all over each other's mouths. He began to raise up and down in the water as the jet of water flowed into my pussy and ass. I was fucking the stream of rushing water. Eric reached over and played with the knobs a bit. The water started to circulate. It was still moving very quickly, but now moving in a circular motion.

I used the jet as my toy to masturbate. I arched my back, pulled him towards me as I moved my ass closer to the jet. I shoved my tits in his face and grabbed the back of his head, letting him know I wanted him to suck on my nipples. He grabbed my tits and began sucking and kneading them, I fucked myself with the water. The hot rushing water, the feel of his hands and mouth on my tits...I was very aroused. 

I continued to fuck the water a little while longer; I was going to cum soon. I stood up quickly and put my cunt right in his face. I quickly rubbed my clit. As I used my fingers to spread my pussy open, the water that had flowed inside, came rushing out. At that moment I began to cum...I stroked my clit and pinched it...I squirted my juices down into his face. He grabbed my ass and placed his face directly in line with my cumming pussy...he stuck out his tongue as I continued squirting my juices all over his face.

I began to feel a little shaky and sat back down in the warm water. I lay back against the same jet that had stimulated my cunt so nicely. Now it was at my back. Eric smiled at me and went under the water. He swam over towards me, under water and came up right in front of me flipping the hair back out of his eyes. 

Once again he kissed me. Then he sat down next to me and we both sat and soaked in the hot bubbly water.

"Ought Oh!" He said, "now what am I going to do about this?" He asked and raised himself up as he was still laying in the water, just high enough that his dick came popping out of the water, like a submarine periscope!

We both laughed and I said, "Well, let's see, I'm sure we will be able to come up with something."