 "Miller Time," Ted said to himself when his laptop battery died. He had been working by lantern-light for the past couple of hours because heavy thunderstorms in the area knocked the electricity out. He was hot and uncomfortable due to the lack of airflow in his office. Now that his workday ended early, he left the hot and stuffy office. Carrying the lantern, he walked through the hot and stuffy house in search of his wife. 

He found her in their sunroom, which was also warm and humid. But, at least there was a little air flow. "According to the radio, the storm knocked power out all over the area. It's going to be several hours, possibly a day or so, before power is restored," Ted said as he entered the room. Georgette was lounging on the couch trying to stay comfortable in a t-shirt and panties. She was reading by the light of a small lantern. "Mmm Mu," she replied absently, lost in her book. Georgette is the type of person who, when she finds a good book, becomes oblivious to her surroundings. An empty nest and e-readers made these events more common.

Ted knew that it would be easier to join her than compete with the book. He placed the lantern on the side table and grabbed the newspaper. He settled next to Georgette on the couch and she unconsciously laid her legs across his. Ted automatically started to gently caress her skin and massage her bare feet, ankles, and legs. They both sighed and settled into what started out as a lazy, warm, humid, and dark afternoon.

Ted expected Georgette to eventually fall asleep like she had done a thousand times before, especially in the warm, humid, dimness of the storm. However, Georgette remained very much awake and showed every intention of staying that way as her focus on the book was fierce. "Must be a good book," Ted said to Georgette. Receiving no response, he went back to his paper. Shortly after flipping to the second page, he was startled by a loud gasp from Georgette.

"Are you OK?" he asked and received a thumbs-up. Seeing Georgette was OK, he went back to his paper. 

"Oh my," Georgette said not quite under her breath a few moment later.

"Really? If you are going to include me in your revelry, you could at least let me in on the plot," Ted said. But, Georgette had gone silent, engrossed in her book. Lifting the paper, he went back to the story he was trying to read. 

"With her too ... interesting," Georgette vocalizes in a lusty whisper. Ted just stared at his wife, annoyed.

For more than an hour, each time Ted would start reading, Georgette would distract him with a running commentary of expletives, gasps, and comments. It was as if she was having a book club meeting with invisible guests. "I don't believe she took it all," Georgette gasped. "That f'ing bastard," she whispered. "Both of them at one time?" she openly inquired to the book. 

Ted noticed that beads of sweat had formed on Georgette's forehead and he was sure it was not from the humidity in the room. She was totally engrossed in her book, had one finger in her mouth and was chewing on its nail. Ted also thought her skin was becoming warmer and flushed.

"I never saw that coming," Georgette told her imaginary club members.

Ted finally gave up, threw his paper on the floor, and decided to have a little fun. He intensified his manipulation of Georgette's legs. As he ran his hands up her inner thigh, Georgette unconsciously parted her legs. Ted continued his stroll up and down Georgette's legs. With each journey up, Ted would end a little closer to her pussy. Georgette opened her legs wider as he moved very close to her panties. He could feel the warmth and moistness of her pussy. He lightly ran one finger over her cotton-clad vagina. Georgette moaned but she kept reading. Ted again ran his finger over her covered pussy. Georgette gasped but refused to put down her book. 

Ted upped his efforts and rubbed Georgette's pussy through her panties. Her moans increased and her hand dropped from her mouth to her tits. Georgette lightly tickled a nipple through her t-shirt and Ted watched both nipples harden. Georgette was trying hard to focus on her book, but Ted could tell her determination was beginning to weaken. He pulled her panties to the side and slid a finger into her very wet pussy. He found the "Goody spot" (as Georgette called it) and began to tickle it with a slow, gentle, "come here" movement. Georgette opened her legs even wider and encouraged her husband with loud, lusty moans . However, Georgette desperately clung to her book, trying to read. But her moans increased in intensity and frequency and eventually, Georgette closed her eyes and dropped her reader. Ted finally had her attention.

Ted removed his finger. Georgette reached for the reader but Ted was faster. "Bastard," Georgette growled as it was swept away.

Raising himself off the couch, Ted disposed of the reader and extinguished the lanterns. It was still raining heavily and the room was plunged into a hazy, humid, darkness. 

Ted peeled off his clammy his clothes. Georgette watched in silence as his shirt, then his shorts and finally his briefs fell to the floor. He moved to his wife and indicated that she should raise her hips. He slowly slid her soggy panties down her smooth legs. Ted gently grasped her wrists and pulled her to a sitting position. He grabbed the bottom of her t-shirt and started to lift. Georgette raised her arms and the damp shirt came free. 

As Georgette's shirt cleared her face, she saw Ted's cock just inches away. "Mine!", she called and hungrily pushed it into her mouth. It was soft and warm with a faint taste of salty sweat. Using her hand, tongue, and lips, Georgette began to coax it to life. She massaged Ted's balls while his cock slid in and out of her mouth. With each passage, Ted's cock grew stiffer and larger. Soon Ted's cock stood at rigid attention. Ted enjoyed Georgette' attention for a few minutes more but he had other plans. He tenderly pushed Georgette back onto the couch.

Ted knelt and starting with her ankle, slowly and softly, kissed a trail up her leg. He stopped just short of her wet pussy and blew a gentle stream of air across her lips. The coolness sent shivers from her pussy over Georgette's ass and up her spine. Georgette inhaled and grabbed a pillow, hugging it tightly against her erect nipples. Switching direction, he slowly kissed down her other leg. And, with a tortuously slow pace, Ted kissed a trail back up her soft inner thigh. He reached Georgette's pussy. She exhaled, emitting soft "Ahs" as he saturated her with kisses.

Ted ran his tongue up and down Georgette's moist lips, stopping agonizingly close to her clit each time. He blew another gentle stream of air across her womanhood and Georgette almost squeezed the stuffing out of the pillow. He spread her pussy lips and slowly fucked it with his tongue. "Oh My!" Georgette groaned. 

Ted slowly licked his way around Georgette's pussy, kissing and licking her inner thighs. He paid particular attention to that soft and sensitive area between thigh and pussy. "Oh YES!," Georgette whispered encouragingly. 

Ted ran his tongue down Georgette's wet lips, savoring her earthy taste and aroma. He flattened his tongue and vigorously lapped at her pussy. "Shit!" Georgette inhaled as Ted drew small and leisurely circles on her clit. Georgette tossed the pillow away. With her hands now free, she grabbed her tits and pinched her nipples hard. She groaned, grunted, moaned, and cried out as carnal pressure swelled within her. Ted continued to lick her savory moistness, running his tongue up and down the length of Georgette's opening. He gave Georgette's clit a small kiss with each passing, sending sensual shock waves through her body.

Ted alternated sticking his tongue in Georgette's pussy and licking her lips and clit. Georgette was on the edge and Ted did his damnedest to keep her there. However, sensual pressure proved more powerful and Georgette soon arched her back and climaxed. She grabbed Ted's head and pushed his face into her pussy. His tongue feverishly lapped at her juices flowing freely as her orgasm peaked.

Ted pulled back and her climax subsided slightly. However, it redoubled as Ted switched to his fingers and rubbed her clit. Georgette emitted primal, animal-like grunts and squeals as her whole body shook through her second and third orgasms.

"STOP!" Georgette screamed and pushed Ted away as she reached her limit. Satisfied with a job well done and looking forward to his reward, Ted moved next to Georgette and held her until she recovered. 

It happened too quickly for Ted to react. One moment Georgette was curled up next to him, purring with a lustful afterglow, then the next she was gone. She had bolted out of the sunroom, leaving a stunned and somewhat dejected lover in her wake. But, she soon returned with a bottle of lube, a box of condoms, a tablecloth, and a couple of dishtowels. 

She laid the tablecloth on the floor and set the lube, condoms, and towels on the coffee table. She grabbed her husband's hand and pulled him up onto the tablecloth. 

Georgette fell to her knees and grabbed Ted's cock. She looked directly into his eyes as she pushed his hard members into her waiting mouth. Ted returned her gaze as his cock slowly slid into his wife's mouth, then slid slowly out, glistening. She placed on hand on Ted balls and gently messaged them. 

Without releasing his cock or eye contact, Georgette slowly slid Ted's shaft into her mouth again. Ted felt his cock slide over between her lips and over her tongue. He shivered as the member lightly grazed over her teeth. Georgette slowly with drew Ted's cock complexly then pushed it slowly through her lips and over her tongue. With each progression, Ted's member grew harder and larger. 

Georgette was in control and she knew exactly what she wanted Ted to do. She slowly withdrew Ted's now very hard cock from her mouth and ran the tip of her tongue down its sensitive underside. She licked and gently sucked Ted balls then ran her tongue back up his shaft. Georgette returned to sucking her husband until his cock was nice and wet (and so was she). 

Georgette stood and jerking him with one hand, she pulled his head down with the other and passionately kissed her husband. Pulling him even closer she whispered -- "I want your cock in my ass." Georgette dropped again to the tablecloth, ripped open a condom and slowly rolled it over her lover's shaft. She then turned and offered her ass to her husband. 

Ted knelt behind his horny and sexy wife, grabbed the lube and poured a liberal amount onto his hand and fingers. Then he liberally lubed Georgette's ass and slowly inserted one, then two fingers into her hole. As Ted gently finger-fucked his wife's ass, Georgette reached her hand under her and started to masturbate. Soon, Ted had three fingers easily slipping in and out of his wife's ass. 

When she was ready, Ted poured more lube on his cock and on her ass and slowly slid it into Georgette's asshole. The tip slipped in easily and as the head disappeared, Georgette pushed back. Ted's cock vanished. He grabbed her hips and slowly pushed her forward, exposing the shaft of his cock. He then pulled her hips to him and his cock slammed into Georgette's ass, causing her to cry out in sensual delight. When Ted retreated, it was with an agonizing slowness. When he thrusted, it was with a sharp and forceful motion. Georgette fingered herself furiously and called out wanton and lustful encouragement as Ted's cock repeatedly slammed deep into her ass.

The rain fell heavily, covering their lustful grunts, cries, and curses. Lightning flashes produced erotic shadows and thunder clashes mimicked the sound of their bodies crashing together. The darkness and the warm, humid air blanketed the lovers as sweat poured from them, adding to the slickness of the lube. The wind tried to cool their lust, but their heat proved too great.

Georgette climaxed again and again, her body convulsing in wave upon wave of sexual energy. Ted felt the familiar primal urges surging up from his balls and with one final thrust, he came deep in Georgette's ass. He remained still and held Georgette's hips in place as his cock throbbed and jettisoned his cum. Georgette shook in ecstasy.

Ted slowly slid from his wife and they collapsed onto the tablecloth. They were oblivious of the storm raging furiously outside. Ted moved closer to his wife and reached for her hand. Although it was dark, it was hot, and it was uncomfortably humid, husband and wife lay together for a very long time, their fingers intertwined. Slowly and begrudgingly, they left the sunroom to clean up.

The power remained out and looked like it was going to be out for at least the remainder of the night. The storms also looked as if they were going to stick around for a while. Returning to the sunroom, the couple settled on the couch. She unconsciously laid her legs across his and Ted automatically started to gently caress her skin and massage her bare feet, ankles, and legs. Raising their e-readers, the lovers sighed and settled into what knew was going to be anything but lazy.