 I opened the hotel door to find my wife standing there. It was not the pleasant surprise she probably thought it was. We hadn't been getting along well lately. And there had been other developments. Rebecca. Killian. 

"I've been knocking for ten minutes," she complained. "Why the hell didn't you answer the door?"

"I was on the pot," I said. "Can't exactly cut that off."

"Now for the bigger question," Janet warned. "What the hell are you doing in Powhatan?"

"Picking up our new truck," I told her. "It's out there in the parking lot if you want to see it."

There was a window in the hallway, overlooking the parking lot. Janet looked and saw the brand new Pizza Portal truck sitting just where I'd said it was. Her face went instantly pink with embarrassment. And a calculating look came over her face. I knew immediately what she was up to. 

My partner Maureen and I had opened Pizza Portal in the River Fork Shopping Mall six years ago. Janet had mocked me at the time, bitched about the money I was wasting, and bad-mouthed me to any who would listen. But then, three years ago, we'd started making a profit. And this year, we'd made a hefty profit. 

Janet wasn't laughing at me anymore. But she had started to think of the profits as hers. She resented Maureen for owning half the business. She resented every dime we re-invested in the business. And Janet got angry every time I refused some extravagant purchase she wanted to make. 

Janet had become increasingly suspicious that I was having an affair with Maureen. Janet probably didn't care much about the infidelity, but she wanted to protect her claim on the money we were making. She had probably heard that we had just leased franchising rights to three entrepreneurs. In addition to the immediate cash payments, that would mean a significant income every quarter. And more franchises would be coming soon. 

This trip to Powhatan would have alarmed her. Either I was continuing the affair with Maureen and coming closer to a divorce or I was secretly expanding the business and trying to keep her ignorant of the new money coming in. 

"How did you know I was here?" I asked. 

"I was using your computer."

"My computer is in my home office. My home office is in Charlotte. Last I heard, you were in Baltimore, visiting your sick mother."

Janet went even redder. "I may have logged in to your e-mail account."

"You were snooping."

"I didn't mean to, but I had sent you an e-mail to tell you when I would be home, but then I had decided to stay longer. So, I tried to delete the message so you wouldn't be expecting me. Then, the notice popped up about our credit card being used to rent this room. I came to check and make sure there wasn't any fraud."

"It isn't our credit card. It is my corporate credit card. You are not part of the corporation. You decided not to invest. It isn't really any of your business how that card gets used."

"It is if you're cheating on me!"

She had a point, but I wasn't going to admit anything. "You can see I'm here alone," I told her. That was a lie, but her snooping and suspicions gave me the advantage here. 

"Can I come in?" she asked coyly. The look in her eyes promised seduction. It was a tool she used to try and get her way. There was very little affection between us anymore. But I had no real excuse for refusing. 

This was going to be awkward. 

Three hours earlier, I'd gotten into town, driving my partner's car, to pick up the new truck. My partner's daughter, Killian, had come along, riding shotgun, to drive her mother's car back while I drove the truck. But it was too long a journey to safely drive back and forth on the same day. We'd picked up the truck and gone straight to a hotel. We were both eager to get in the room.

Killian, a hot Irish 19-year-old, had decided to relieve herself of her virginity on this trip. And I was the lucky man to be gifted with this privilege. Killian's mother Maureen knew all about our plans and had given her blessing. 

Killian was not at all shy. Just that morning, in the restaurant, with her mother and my partner just a few feet away, Killian had sucked my cock while I fondled my girlfriend Rebecca. But here in Powhatan, once that hotel door had closed, leaving us alone together, there was a distinct pink tinge on those pale cheeks. 

I gave her a moment to collect herself by getting out my cell phone and calling Maureen to let her know we'd arrived. She told me to have a good time tonight and she hoped her daughter enjoyed herself. I held the phone out to Killian, but she didn't want to talk to her mother just then. I also called my girlfriend to let her know where I was staying if she wanted to get in touch. We had made plans for when I returned and I wanted to keep on top of them. 

"Should I get undressed?" Killian asked quietly after I hung up.

"Yes," I said, grinning at her. I didn't really know the best way to handle a virgin, but I knew Killian. This sudden bashfulness was unlike her. She merely had to be coaxed into her usual bold behavior. Even now, she was setting up the camera she'd brought to capture the event on video. She had confessed to me on the journey over that she wanted to see the moment of her first penetration. So this shyness was certainly a temporary aberration. 

She lifted the hem of her polo shirt and pulled it up and over her head. Her breasts were small enough not to need a bra, but beautifully shaped and very appealing. She smiled as I stared at them. "Guys are so predictable," she said. 

"I like tits," I admitted. 

"How about pussy?" she asked. 

"Show me what you got," I said. 

"Are you qualified to judge?" she teased, her confidence coming back. "What makes you an expert on pussy?"

"I am a connoisseur with much experience."

"Good to hear. My pussy is fresh and untried. I would not want it judged by any amateur. Think of the damage a novice might do to such a vulnerable and innocent kitty. I would not dare run such a risk."

"Put yourself in my hands," I suggested. "I will keep you safe."

Killian sauntered closer. "May I ask a favor?"

"Anything," I promised. 

"I am in possession of a very great treasure. The burden of protecting it has grown heavy. I would ask for your help in the matter."

"And what is this treasure?" I asked.

"My virginity, dear sir."

"A very valuable treasure," I agreed. 

"I am so weary of carrying it," Killian said with a great sigh, trying not to grin. "May I give it to you, sir? If you would take this burden from me, I would be ever so grateful."

"I would take very great care of it," I promised. 

"In return, I will do anything you want. Anything."

"Remove your pants, then."

"You do not have my treasure yet," she scolded. You have not yet earned the right to command me."

"Your glorious treasure is within those tight jeans. I cannot claim it while you wear them."

"Well, sir, you are the expert on pussy. I'm sure you know better than I do where such a thing might be located. Perhaps you should remove those tight jeans yourself."

I put my hands on her hips and pulled her close. "Have any man's hands ever touched you here?" I asked. 

"Yes, sir," she said regretfully. "I took lessons in ballroom dancing. It was required." 

I brought her into a tight embrace and slid my hands down to her finely shaped derrière. "Have any man's hands touched you here?" I asked. 

"Yes, sir," she answered. "One man, sir. I broke his nose for the offense and took a baseball bat to his car." 

"Do you find my touch offensive?" I questioned. 

"Oh, no, sir. Not at all. You are invited to touch me wherever you please. I place myself entirely in your hands."

I surprised her by spinning her to face away from me, earning a sharp gasp at the suddenness of the movement. I cupped her tits in my hands and pressed my erection against her ass. 

"And has any man ever touched you here?" I asked. 

"Never, sir," she affirmed. "You would be the first."

"What would your mother say," I asked, "if she could see you carrying on like such a wanton whore?" 

"My mother would wonder why you're taking so long to deflower me," Killian said, dropping the playful banter. "Let's get on with it."

I laughed. She was right. Maureen wanted this to happen almost as much as Killian and I did. 

I knelt down behind her. With my arms around her, I undid her jeans, slid down her zipper, and peeled that tight denim down her lovely legs, exposing her cute bubble butt. She wore no panties underneath. She was naked to me now, ready for anything I chose to do to her. 

"Has any man ever licked you here?" I asked, pressing my tongue to her left cheek. 

"No, sir. No man has licked me ever."

"Let's fix that," I told her. I pulled her legs free of her jeans. I spun her back around and pushed my tongue up against her clit. 

That electric zing went shooting through her and she gasped. I massaged her cleft with my fingers as I tongued her. I kissed and licked her clit until her juices flowed. I pushed the tip of one finger just past the lips of her pussy, exploring her virgin passage until I felt her maidenhead. But I would go no further. My eager finger would not have the honor of breaking that barrier. But he could prepare her for that ultimate intrusion with a little light poking and teasing. 

And I could wait no longer. I stood and quickly shed my own clothes as fast as I could. Killian smiled to see my cock again. It had been hours since she'd taken me in her mouth. And I could see in her eyes that she was silently pledging to do so again. 

"Did I do it right?" she asked. "This morning, I mean. It was my first time sucking a dick. Did I get it right?"

"You were perfect," I assured her. 

"Not perfect," she shook her head. "I watched videos and read instructive lessons. I knew a lot of techniques. But when it came right down to it, I rushed through it. I forgot to lick your balls. I wanted to do everything right. I was really looking forward to licking your balls. But I forgot."

"Most women don't lick the balls," I told her. "It's fine."

"It's not fine," she said. "I know most women don't do it. Everything I read said that the balls are too often neglected during a blowjob. I had promised myself I would do better. But I failed. I failed you. I failed myself."

"Darling, I came in your mouth. That isn't failure. The whores call that a blowjob to completion. Completion isn't failure." 

"I swallowed your cum," she bragged, obviously proud of herself. "The books and videos said some girls spit and some girls swallow. And it said that guys prefer girls to swallow. I don't blame them. Of course they do. A guy wants to pump his sperm into a girl's body. He can't be happy about girls who reject that offering. But I was afraid I'd gag or throw up. It was my first time. I was worried that I wouldn't be able to do it the first time. But when your cum started spurting in my mouth, I managed to swallow it down. It was exciting to be so dirty." 

"You were wonderful," I told her. "Absolutely wonderful."

"Next time, I'll lick your balls," she promised. 

"Next time," I agreed. I picked her up and tossed her on the bed, then crawled on top of her. She opened her legs in welcome and I made myself at home between them. 

"I'm ready," she said breathlessly. "Do it. Open me up."

I lowered myself onto her waiting body. I touched the tip of my cock to her virgin opening. She nodded. "Do it. Do it. Push it in."

"It might hurt," I warned her. 

"Good," she said. "Major changes are always painful. Change is supposed to hurt. Hurt me, Carl. Do it."

I braced myself on one arm and took myself in hand. I positioned my cock at her entrance and pushed slightly, just enough to open the lips. I was on target now. If I took it slow and easy, I would need no further guidance. 

I looked down into Killian's wide eyes. She was expecting pain, and was prepared for it. But she was not at all fearful of this moment. There was absolute trust in her eyes. She was smiling in anticipation and nodding encouragement. 

"Go ahead," she said. "Fuck me. Make me yours."

I pushed forward, slowly and gently. Her pussy opened to receive me, well-lubed in excited anticipation. When I reached her barrier, she closed her eyes, bracing herself for the violent tearing of her innocence, but eager to experience it. 

"No," I said. "Keep your eyes on mine. Don't shut me out. Share this with me."

"Okay," she said. And I watched her expression as I pushed into her. She winced as I pressed up against her maidenhead, but she gritted her teeth and spread her knees wider. "Keep going," she insisted. "Just do it."

I took her at her word. I stopped being gentle. I pushed my cock violently into her cunt. Killian's innocence was putting up a fight. Her pussy resisted the invasion. But I felt the slow give as her hymen tore. 

Killian scrunched up her face as the pain increased, but she kept her eyes open and locked to mine as she gave up her virginity. With a final thrust, I broke through her barrier and seated myself fully in Killian's freshly-opened pussy. There were tears running down her cheeks now, but there was pride and triumph in her expression. 

"Just stop for a moment," she said. "Let me get used to this."

I was panting with the effort. I was perfectly willing to stop for the moment. But Killian seemed well pleased with the results. Her face held a self-satisfied expression. Now that the deed was done, she had closed her eyes and was basking in her new status. 

"That was just right," she said. "It was a pain like nothing I've felt before. And now, I can feel your dick inside me. That's such a strange new feeling. I love it. I am most definitely not a virgin anymore."

"Glad to be of service," I told her. "But it was my privilege." 

"I'm ready to continue now," she said. "Fuck me, Carl."

But it was at that moment that my phone rang. I was willing to ignore it, but Killian grabbed it from the nightstand and looked at the screen.

"It's Rebecca," she said with a mischievous grin, handing me the phone. 

"Hello?" I said, frowning at Killian. But she was rocking her hips in clear invitation. She had given me a blowjob while I'd fondled Rebecca that morning. Now she obviously wanted me to fuck her while I spoke to Rebecca on the phone. 

I was perfectly willing to play that way, but we were about to be interrupted. "Hi, Carl?" Rebecca said. "Surprise! I'm down in the parking lot. You promised me a spanking. I came to collect."

I had turned the volume up loud enough for Killian to hear and she clamped her hand over her mouth to muffle her laughter. She wasn't at all jealous of Rebecca. Killian had encouraged me to keep seeing her. She just wanted to be my sidepiece. 

"What room are you in?" Rebecca asked. 

"694," I told her. I couldn't exactly put her off. 

"I'll be right up."

When I hung up, Killian started giggling uncontrollably. "You are so busted," she said. 

"I don't suppose you'd be willing to hide," I asked. 

"I don't mind hiding. We can finish this later," she said. "You can have your Rebecca. I get to watch."

I regretfully withdrew from Killian's newly-pierced pussy and heaved myself up and off her delectable body. She hopped up and ran to the restroom. We were in a nice hotel. She came out wearing one of the hotel's complimentary terry cloth robes, a towel wrapped around her head, and a washcloth in her hand. She had brought a second robe for me to wear. 

"It's a little dusty under the bed," she said as I slipped into the robe. "Otherwise, I'd be happy to wait for you in my birthday suit. 

"Are you planning to clean up the dust?" I asked. "What's the washcloth for?"

"My virgin blood still flows, sir," she said with a giggle. Killian was a silly girl. 

"And don't move my camera," she added, pulling her phone from her pocket before hiding her clothes in the closet. "I want to watch you spank your Rebecca." 

"I've never spanked a girl," I admitted nervously. "I don't really know how."

"I do," Killian boasted. "I watch a lot of instructional porn."

"But there isn't time to teach me."

"Put your phone on the charger and call my phone. Wear that Bluetooth earpiece and turn off the lights so Rebecca won't see it. The curtains are open. The window provides enough light to see what you're doing."

I did as she said. And by the time Rebecca knocked at the door, Killian was well-hidden but secretly whispering in my ear. Rebecca came in, blinking in the dim light. She was dressed in a sexy nightclub dress, with a hemline just barely covering her ass. She gave me a big kiss. 

"I've only got an hour, but I couldn't resist coming to see you. I'm here for my spanking," she said.

"Tell her to call you 'Sir,'" Killian instructions sounded in my ear. "She can't enjoy her spanking until she learns to be submissive. And you can't give a proper spanking unless you dominate her."

"Call me 'Sir'!" I ordered loudly. 

"Yes, Sir!"

"Not like that," Killian scolded. "You need to be elegant. You need to be masterful. You need to have the confidence of a Mafia don. Raising your voice shows weakness. It shows doubt. If you have to yell, you don't have her attention. You need to speak in a low voice, barely above a whisper, and expect to be obeyed. Make her work to hear you. Now try it again."

"Say that again," I told Rebecca, softer this time. "Like you mean it." 

"Yes, Sir!"

"That's better," Killian approved. "Make her do the yelling."

"I'm here for my spanking, Sir," Rebecca said, her head down and her eyes bright with excitement. 

"Ask her if she's been naughty," Killian instructed. 

"Have you been a naughty girl?" I asked. 

"I've been very naughty," Rebecca answered. 

"Sir," Killian urged.

"Sir," I reminded Rebecca. 

"I've been very naughty, Sir," Rebecca corrected herself.

With Killian's coaching, I made Rebecca confess to a number of small sins, from cheating on a college exam to letting her dog crap on a neighbor's lawn, to sleeping with her sister's husband. And I agreed that, yes, she had been naughty. 

I asked her if she was ready to be punished.

"Oh, yes, Sir," she said. "I deserve to be punished." 

There was a small desk in the room. I had Rebecca pull out the chair and turn it around, leaving a little space between chair and desk. At my direction, she knelt on the seat. "Lean forward," I told her. "Put your hands on the desk."

They call the position doggy-style, but with her head and shoulders elevated by the height of the desk, she more closely resembled a cat. Killian saw the same thing I did. "Look at the sexy kitty. She wants to be petted." 

I stepped up to Rebecca's side and placed my left hand on Rebecca's back and filled my right palm with the cheeks of her ass.

"Massage her," Killian ordered. "Leave the skirt down for now. Touch her through the fabric. And don't forget her legs. Stroke her gently from her hair to her thighs."

It was a definite pleasure to have Rebecca's fine butt in my hands. And I could see the gleam of Killian's eyes as she watched me from under the bed. 

"Pet her," she was whispering. "Make her purr."

I did as Killian ordered, petting my lovely mistress, tickling here and there, running my fingers through her hair, rubbing the backs of her legs, and shaping her rounded butt with my hand. 

"Perfect," Killian said. "She's uncomfortable from the chair and desk, but she's enjoying the stroking. That tension of pleasure and discomfort is turning her on. Now step it up."

Following Killian's directions, I ran my hand down from Rebecca's lower back, over the delectable curve of her ass, to the bare skin of her legs. Then I reversed course, coming back up, catching her skirt with my fingers and pulling it up to expose her bottom.
