  Chapter One - Friday Night at the Cottage



The dishes were washed, the leftover food stored in the refrigerator and another bottle of wine opened. It was probably the fourth bottle of the evening, but on this cold winter night in late January, they weren't going anywhere.

Will and Brigit always enjoyed visiting Ross and Kate's cabin, but work schedules and kids kept them from taking advantage as often as the four close friends would like. But this weekend, the kids were all with grandparents or at sleepovers, and the adult-only weekend was just beginning.

Actually, Ross and Kate's place wasn't much of a cabin - it was more like a beautiful, full-size house that happened to sit on a picturesque lake in northern Michigan. It had everything, lots of bedrooms and bathrooms, a guesthouse, full garage, huge cedar decks and even a hot tub. It was the perfect spot for a romantic, get-away ski weekend with good friends.

The two couples had driven up north separately, Ross and Kate had arrived earlier in the afternoon to turn up the heat and lay in a fire. By the time Will and Brigit had arrived just after sunset, the whole house was toasty and glowing, in a way that is only possible on a cold winter night. 

Kate was wearing a simple white cotton t-shirt that was just tight enough to show off her rather large breasts. She had purposely set the thermostat higher than usual so she could feel comfortable going braless without "nipping out". Brigit chose a looser, low cut silk top that draped very enticingly over her nicely shaped breasts and showed quite a bit of cleavage. She knew full well that every time she bent over, everyone would get an eyeful. But this weekend, that was the point.

The two couples went way back, so long now that they couldn't actually remember how and when they met - sometime back in college or shortly thereafter, and they remained closest of friends. Their relationship had grown over the years as they became more familiar with each other. The girls seem to enjoy flirting with the other's mate, enticing them with an occasional flash of breasts. In the summertime, after the kids were solidly in bed, they had even skinny-dipped together, but nothing too racy had ever occurred. That didn't mean that none of them had any fantasies about the other's mate.

Physically, the four were all in pretty good shape, but their body styles differed greatly. Ross was tall and lanky, bordering on skinny, whereas Will was short and wiry. Together, they looked like the old cartoon characters Mutt and Jeff. Despite being over forty, both Ross and Will had admirable six-pack abs and no sign of love handles.

Kate was a bit taller than the average woman, and her large, firm breasts and small, almost boyish butt were an admirable combination. Brigit was only slightly shorter than Will, and her trim physique gave evidence to the hours she spent each week working out. Both women had beautiful breasts, but in quite contrasting ways - Brigit's were average in size, perky and perfectly shaped. According to French standards, the ideal breast should fit into a champagne glass, and that was Brigit. Kate's breasts were magnificent, full and round and firm, and would have no doubt spilled out of any kind of glassware.

Soon after she and Will had arrived arrived, Brigit had gone to work in the kitchen, spinning her culinary magic, preparing a gourmet meal to start the weekend's festivities. Eventually, she had sent the boys outside to grill the rack of lamb, the barbecue positioned in a sheltered corner of the deck right off one of the big windows in the kitchen.

As the boys shivered and stamped their feet, trying to stay warm as they tended the grill, huddled outside in the alcove, Kate and Brigit started to feel guilty about sitting inside the warm kitchen. It was Brigit who suggested flashing them to "warm the cockles of their hearts", and Kate had no problem going along. Brigit knocked on the window to get their attention, and when the boys turned and were definitely looking, she and Kate lifted their shirts, and lingered in their exposed positions longer than what would be considered a quick flash. The girls even had time to look at each other, smiling and laughing at being so bold together.

Both women were immediately aware that Will didn't even glance at Brigit, nor did Ross look in Kate's direction. Each husband's eyes were trained solely on the other wife's breasts, and the hunger in their eyes obviously had little to do with the cooking lamb. They weren't leering or being creepy in any way, but the guys' interest was certainly very obvious to the ladies, and they liked that.

Aware of how much Will was enjoying the view, Kate started moving her body up and down just enough to make her big tits bounce just a bit. Meanwhile, Brigit could almost feel Ross' eyes drifting across her torso, focusing on her nipples. She liked seeing the appreciative smile sweep over his face, so she turned from side to side to give him an even better view. She even took a deep breath and pushed out her chest, proudly showing off.

Each woman knew she was good looking and liked having such power over men. Each woman was also confident in her own relationship with her own husband, but there was something exciting, almost arousing about having a different man stare at her body. It helped that the "other man" was a close friend with whom they were so close and liked a lot.

Out in the cold, the flash incident had caused Ross to muse "what is the most beautiful curve on a woman's body?" 

Will listed his favorites: "breasts, hips, thighs?"

But Ross surprised him by answering: "no, it's her smile. And why is it that a woman always smiles so wonderfully when she is flashing her breasts? You see pictures on the internet, and the flashing woman always has this great look on her face, smiling so hard, like she is having a great time and really enjoying the experience. How can we get them to do this more often so they can be as happy as we are when they give us a treat like that?"

Inside, Kate asked Brigit "did you notice how Ross never took his eyes off of you? He never even glanced at me."

Brigit replied "but Will did the exact same thing. Never looked at me. He was downright leering at your boobs. I guess they'd just prefer to see something different." 

Both women were silently thinking to themselves for a few seconds before Brigit asked "how often do you think about seeing 'something different', I mean would you like to see Will naked? After all these years of being married, do you ever think of having sex with another man? And if so, do you fantasize about a guy you know, or a stranger, maybe like George Clooney?"

Kate said "I wouldn't kick George Clooney out of bed, that's for sure. But if I was going to cheat, I'd probably pick somebody whom I really liked, and who really liked me, so that would have to be a close friend. But don't worry - I'm not out to steal your husband."

After a few more seconds of contemplation, Kate said "why do you ask? Would you like to see Ross take off his clothes? How much would you like to have his hands go over you like his eyes just did when we were flashing? Would you pick a stranger, or would you rather get it on with somebody you know?"

Brigit thought about it, but didn't answer, and both women fell silent. They were both thinking about the possibilities, until a minute later when Ross and Will brought in the grilled lamb.

Dinner was exquisite, and between the food, wine, lighting and dinner music, the combination of sensory stimuli put all four people into a nice mellow mood. As they retired to the living room and flopped down into the sofa and love seat in front of the fire, Ross dashed out to check on the hot tub. Alas, he declared that it would take at least another half hour to reach an acceptable temperature. Brigit giggled and declared that she had forgotten about the hot tub and hadn't brought her swimsuit. Will scoffed and said that given their lengthy flash as dinner was being prepared, the naked dash to the hot tub on the darkened deck should be easier. 

It was Kate who said "what's a little nudity between friends? And it's nothing we all haven't seen before, and I'm sure there will be more of that this weekend." Kate noticed how Will had turned to look at her, catching her eye. He was simply looking at her with great interest and intensity. Kate had the impression that he was mentally undressing her already, and she caught herself fantasizing about standing completely naked in front of him. Not just exposing her breasts to a man other than her husband, but standing there completely undressed, allowing him to see every inch of her naked body.

Brigit leaned over the coffee table to pour herself another glass of wine, and she glanced at Ross and noticed how he was staring at her cleavage. She purposely turned just a bit to give him a better look at her breasts, which, given the loose fit of her silk blouse, she knew would be completely visible from his vantage point. She even poured more slowly and was pleased that Ross never averted his glance. Brigit knew that her breasts were perfectly shaped, but just not as big as Kate's. So his intense gaze was her validation that her body was desirable too, and that felt good.

"So what do we do for a half hour until the hot tub reaches 104 degrees?" asked Ross. Glances were exchanged, but no suggestions. One thing was sure - the TV wasn't going to be turned on. They all knew that would only ruin the evening.

Ross leaned over and whispered something in Kate's ear, causing her to giggle and say: "well, this is one time I'm not going to disagree."

Ross looked at Will and Brigit and said: "how about a game of strip poker?"

Brigit immediately complained: "I don't think I need to have anybody see me naked. On top of that, strip poker is inherently unfair to women. We're already showing stuff when we're down to one piece of clothing whereas you guys are still technically dressed."

Will turned to Brigit and asked: "isn't this a good reason why you work out like a fiend every day?" 

Brigit shrugged and said "well, I don't work out so I can play strip poker with you guys. I guess I'm comfortable enough with my body. OK, but I think us women should get an extra piece of clothing."

Ross and Will looked at each other, smiling at how easily the girls had been talked into it all and all it cost them was agreeing to give the women a free round. All four were wearing five pieces of clothing: two socks, a shirt, pants and underwear, so it was agreed that Brigit and Kate would each get one free pass.

Both girls burned their free round in the first hand, and Ross lost a sock. On the second hand, Ross lost another sock, and Will and Brigit each lost their first. The card god was not smiling on Ross, because on the third hand, he lost again, and he took off his shirt while Brigit and Will took off their second socks. 

Kate was feeling pretty confident, having won two of the first three hands, and she enjoyed watching her husband start to squirm. She thought to herself "serves him right, he wanted to play, figuring us women would be nude in no time, and he's the one who's half-naked already."

The fourth hand was no better for Ross, and he was forced to take off his pants while Kate lost her first sock and Will took off his shirt. Ross dawdled, seemingly flustered that he was the one losing so quickly. This wasn't how he had it all planned. He was by far the best poker player in the game, and it was Kate and Brigit who were supposed to be down to their last piece of clothing, not him.

As he slid out of his jeans, Brigit watched with interest. This answered one of her questions - Ross was a briefs guy, not boxers, and he obviously favored the minimalist, low-cut Speedo style. This pair was red and tight, giving her a very good idea of exactly what was underneath, and what she figured would soon be out in full view. On top of that, she was amazed at how muscular and defined his thighs and calves were. She knew he was big time into bicycling, but all those miles in the saddle had given him an amazing set of legs. So much so, she found herself staring. She even found herself thinking about how nice it would be to wrap her legs around his.

Ross was very relieved when he looked at his next hand and saw he had two pair, kings high. He finally won a hand. Maybe this meant that his luck was changing. Kate lost only her second sock, while Brigit was forced to take off her pants, but didn't seem to mind. In fact, she made a point of showing off her thong, holding up her long blouse and shaking her booty to give everybody a better look at her fit, trim behind.

The next hand, Ross got a pair of aces, but Kate had a flush and he came to the uncomfortable realization that he was beaten. He had lost, and he wondered how to be graceful about it. Could he back out now and just get everybody to go in the hot tub? He noticed his wife was smirking, and he felt a bit embarrassed. There she was, sitting back in the sofa, having lost only her two socks, and the expression on her face said she was waiting for him to live up to his end of the bargain. After all, the game was his idea.

Kate got up, and forced Ross to stand directly in front of Brigit. From behind, she started to slide his briefs down slowly, but he resisted, holding her hands in place against his hips. Kate kissed him on his neck and quietly whispered in his ear "I want her to see you". He relented, finally allowing her to pull down his briefs.

Ross was a little disappointed when he saw Brigit averting her gaze. As his briefs fell to the floor and he stepped out of them, he hoped she was just being polite and wasn't feeling uncomfortable or embarrassed for him. He was normally endowed at best, and he certainly wasn't aroused. Kate turned him around in a complete circle to show everything he had to everybody. 

As he turned back facing Brigit, she began to look at him closely, moving her head slightly to give a better angle. He realized she was studying him, looking intently at his penis. And from only five feet away, he knew she could see every fold, wrinkle and vein in his cock. Her eyes were locked on the tip of his cock, and he found it almost thrilling to watch her interest. He hadn't a woman other than Kate look at him naked that in years, and he realized it was very exciting.

Finally, Brigit licked her lips, rolling her tongue, making a rather sensuous low humming sound. He felt himself start to get harder. Brigit noticed right away how his cock was definitely getting bigger, and her face showed a bit of bad girl smile. 

From behind, Kate started to play with his nipples, a trick she had learned long ago and always excited Ross, and his cock continued to swell.

The girls enjoyed watching and playing with Ross, both women being in a position of power over him, knowing he was literally and figuratively naked.

It was Kate who broke the moment, spanking him on the butt and telling him to go outside and check the hot tub. 

As Ross turned to go out to the deck, Will called him back, noting that since she too had lost the hand, Brigit had to make a choice whether she was going to be bottomless or topless, and since he was the first to lose, Ross was certainly entitled to watch.

"This is a time-honored question for women - in a strip poker game, do we shed our tops or bottoms first? Top or bottom? Bottom or top? Kate - what should I do?" asked Brigit.

Kate pointed out that her thong didn't leave much covered, so it wouldn't make much difference if she took it off. Will disagreed, noting that topless sunbathing is commonplace in many parts of the world, so he counseled Brigit to take off her top first.

"Ross - which article of clothing would you like to see me take off first?" asked Brigit, slowly looking up and down his naked body as he stood there by the door. 

"Of course, I'd like you to take off your top, because I've been waiting to see your breasts again since you flashed us before dinner," he responded.

"OK, but I'm going to need your help, so come back over here and help me take off my blouse" she said as she stood up.

Ross eagerly walked back over to her and put his hands on her hips, moving his hands upwards, allowing his hands to slide slowly along her breasts and nipples as he lifted her blouse over her head. Even that quick touch of her breasts started getting him aroused again. Her breasts weren't quite as big as Kate's, but they were every bit as satisfying. Maybe even more so because of the newness and just the fact that Brigit thought enough of him to let him touch her like that. It was like he was back in high school, getting his first trip to second base.

Brigit moved close enough to him and turned around so that her hip brushed against his swelling penis, not once, but twice, presenting herself for his viewing pleasure. He liked what he saw.

Ross turned to Kate and was aware that she was actually enjoying the show and seemed in no way jealous or threatened. She was still ahead in the game and didn't seem to be worried about anything. "Go check the hot tub, Mr. Handyman."

He obeyed and the quick trip out in the cold quickly took away whatever erection he had started to attain. The hot tub had reached 104degF, so on his way back inside, he detoured into the master bathroom and gathered four towels. By the time he got back to the living room, Brigit had just lost and was taking off her thong. He stopped to watch the show. Ross and Brigit stood naked facing each other, eyes drifting up and down inspecting each other's body. Brigit pirouetted for his viewing pleasure, enjoying his appreciative gaze. 

After being so far ahead in the game, Kate had lost the last three hands, bringing her to the choice of being topless or bottomless. She decided to shed her panties, leaving her in only her tight t-shirt. Maybe it was the cold air drifting in as Ross had briefly opened the door to the deck, or maybe she just found herself getting excited, but Kate's nipples were hard and erect, displaying proudly through the cotton fabric. As she felt herself getting aroused, she pulled down on the t-shirt to cover her moistening pussy, but that only made her nipples more visible.

Ross grabbed a towel and invited Brigit to go out to the hot tub with him. She took hers, and in an amazing display of modesty, wrapped herself in the towel. As if to seek permission, she glanced at Will, who smiled and waved at her to go outside. 

Since the sliding door in the master bedroom was actually the closest to the hot tub and shortened the naked dash through the cold winter air, Ross and Brigit walked into the master bedroom.

But before Ross opened the outside door in the bedroom, he took Brigit's towel off from around her body and gave her a hug, pressing her breasts against his torso and her stomach against his penis. Since they were out of sight of their spouses, they lingered, enjoying the feeling of their naked bodies against each other. She liked having a different body pressing against hers - her head against his chest, and his penis as high as her navel. 

After a few seconds, she pushed him back, but only far enough to allow her to reach down and take his cock in her hand. He had already been getting hard and her touch quickened his erection. "I want to see you hard," was all she said. With her other hand, she guided Ross' hand to her breasts.

She rubbed and massaged his cock for about a minute until he was fully erect, smiled to herself at seeing him get that excited that quickly. Having accomplished exactly what she wanted to do, she let him go, opened the door, stepped out on the deck and slid into the hot tub. Hard as a rock and wanting more, Ross followed quickly behind her.

Back in the living room, Kate had lost the final hand and was mentally preparing to take off her t-shirt and get completely naked. But before she could get the shirt completely over her head, Will said "how would you like to go for double or nothing?"
