 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me.

*

The way the material of Patti's dress slid against her body as she moved about the kitchen made me fairly certain that the dress was all that she had on that night. When I finally stopped her and took her in my arms, my hands sliding down her back and to her hips detected no sign of any undergarments. She must have felt my cock growing as it pressed against her abdomen. As we made out, I caressed her round ass until I couldn't take it any longer and had to see what was under her dress. I lifted her up onto the counter of the center island and started to slide the hem of her dress up, exposing her bare thighs. As soon as her trim, brown bush was visible, I was lowering my face between her smooth thighs as she spread them apart for me.

I ran my tongue up between her lips, tasting her pungent nectar and causing her to moan as she leaned back, supporting herself on one arm. Once her dress was up around her waist, I slid my hands down over her smooth hips and upper thighs as I licked her dripping pussy. She lifted her legs up onto my shoulders and crossed her ankles on my back while running her fingers through my hair and moaning in response to my tongue. She ended up reclining all the way back and used both hands to hold my head in place when I started to lick and suck her clit while slipping a finger into her slippery pussy.

She was very wet and very engorged, responding to the intrusion of my finger with a guttural moan. When I slipped a second finger into her after a few minutes of pumping the first one while working over her clit with my tongue and lips, she dropped both feet to the countertop and started to force her pussy up against my face. I wasn't expecting her to be so worked up so quickly but I was glad that she was feeling so good. I would have been more than happy to devour her pussy all night, but it was looking like I'd be slipping my stiff cock into it a bit sooner than I'd expected.

Her moaning was becoming more high pitched as she held my head in place while continuing to force her pussy against my face. Her pussy seemed to be getting even hotter and juicier as she approached an orgasm that promised to be intense. Finally, she froze up momentarily and held her breath before her entire body shuddered and she let out a ragged sigh. She relaxed back onto the countertop and I raised my head when she finally released it from her grip. I sucked her nectar from my fingers before I continued to slide her dress up to reveal her luscious tits as she let her lower legs hang over the edge of the counter again.

Her boobs weren't huge, but they were definitely above average and her areolas were large and dark pink. Her hard nipples were sticking out so I ran my tongue over them before sucking them between my lips. I caressed the soft flesh of her breasts with both hands while alternating my oral attention from one to the other. She seemed to be enjoying it, but eventually sat up and took my face between her hands, turned it up toward hers and said, "I need your cock now."

I straightened up and dropped my pants and briefs, my rigid tool springing out, as she moved closer to the edge of the counter. Taking her by the hips, I lifted her down as I settled on the closest stool and brought her to sit on my lap. She reached down for my cock and guided it to her hot pussy as I lowered her onto it, both of us moaning. As she sat there for a moment, feeling my girth inside her, I brought my lips to hers and we started to make out. After a minute or so, we started to subtly move as she humped against my throbbing cock. My hands slid down from her waist to her ass, which I kneaded and massaged while pushing my cock deeply into her. While feeling my cock engulfed by her pussy was outstanding, it quickly became obvious that we were limited in what we could do on the stool due to the difficulty of getting any leverage without tipping over. When we decided to try something else, the first thing I did was to lift Patti's dress over her head so that she was completely naked. I then lifted her off of me and set her on the floor, admiring her fully naked physique before also standing.

We made out again while I fondled Patti's tits and she briefly stroked my cock before she turned and leaned on another of the stools, presenting her ass to me. I ran my hands over the smooth flesh before taking my cock and guiding it back into her hot, juicy pussy. Once my hips were touching her ass, I grasped her hips and started to slide my cock in and out of her as we both moaned once again. I was watching her ass as my cock moved in and out below it but soon slipped my hands up from her hips to cup her swinging breasts. Her hard nipples brushed against my palms as I caressed the soft flesh while continuing to hump slowly against her ass. I noticed that she had slipped one of her hands back under her, I assumed to stroke her clit, as she rested her head on her other arm.

Her pussy felt so good on my cock and her tits felt so good as I hefted them in my hands that I wanted to fuck her for as long as possible. Unfortunately, it all also felt so good that I could feel an orgasm beginning to stir. It didn't help that, the longer I slid my cock in and out of Patti, the hotter and wetter her pussy was feeling. I knew that meant that she was getting closer to cumming, which was a good thing, but it also meant that, as a result, I would be closer to cumming, as well. It was impossible to consider all of that a negative, however, as I relished the feel of her pussy and the weight of her succulent tits.

When she started pushing back against me more and her moans were getting louder, I reluctantly abandoned her tits and grasped her by the hips once again. I started fucking her harder and faster even though it brought me closer to an orgasm much faster. Luckily, it didn't take too much of this before Patti let out a cry and started to shudder as she came. I kept fucking her as her pussy unbelievably became even more hot and wet than it already had been. When she seemed to go nearly limp and brought her hand out from underneath her, I slowed my pace and continued to enjoy the feel of her pussy on my throbbing tool.

Once Patti had recovered, she straightened up and moved away from me so that my cock slipped out of her. She kissed me hard again as my hands went briefly back to her tits before she dropped to her knees. I watched as she took my throbbing cock in her hand, pumped it briefly, then wrapped her lips around it and slid them down as far as she could. My moan echoed through the kitchen as I ran my fingers through her dark hair and watched my cock reappear from her mouth. She held the base as she started sliding her mouth slowly up and down while I relished the feelings of pleasure shooting through me as a result.

The switch from fucking her to her sucking me off may have delayed my orgasm briefly, but her hot mouth had me very quickly right on the brink again. My staying power did not improve when she slipped her mouth off of my cock and brought her tits up on either side of it. She slid her soft flesh up and down my shaft as I felt my orgasm continue to build. I didn't have a preference regarding spilling my load on her cleavage or down her throat, so I was just going with the flow and appreciating her efforts. I was very close to cumming when she let go of her tits and took my cock into her mouth again.

I tried to just relax and ride out the waves of pleasure, which were becoming overwhelming. She seemed to be doing her best to maximize my enjoyment without getting to the point where she was torturing me but I also got the sense that she was also getting a level of enjoyment out of sucking my cock. I'm sure she wasn't the least bit disappointed, though, when I finally exploded into her mouth and she swallowed my load. She only let my cock fall from her mouth once I was completely spent, then stood up and wrapped her arms around me.

I held her, with her tits pressing against my ribs and the smell of her shampoo in my nose, until she finally suggested that we get dressed and head for home. I thought it might be a good idea to wipe down the counter so we didn't leave an ass print behind for our friends when they got home from their vacation. When that was done and we were dressed again, we made sure everything was in order and locked up the house.

"I love housesitting," Patti exclaimed as we walked to the car.