 Shanti was one of the few women in his life whom Kamesh did not deliberately set out to seduce.Their affair was surprisingly spontaneous and, later, it seemed remarkable that it had not happened sooner.She was a born slut who fucked men at her convenience and need, a contemporary. 

It was in the midst of a particularly brutal divorce wrangle, piquantly on a charge of adultery, that they became lovers.He was at her house late that night, working over the papers for the next day's trial. She lived alone in a sprawling old top-floor flat in a quiet, tree-shaded lane in a suburban neighbourhood once affluent and prestigious, now slowly going to seed.

She had one husband who was more a man-servant, impotent Sridhar. 

It was a two-bedroom apartment with a large terrace and and the doors of the bedroom were wide open.

A fan whirred overhead. Kamesh sat in a comfortable wicker armchair, papers on his lap, files scattered over the floor, his half-moon glasses on his nose, utterly absorbed. Shanti sat cross-legged on the bed, checking cases from a huge pile of books at the foot of the bed.

She glanced up at him, and her heart skipped a beat. He was so handsome, with that hard, yet gentle face, those sharp, piercing, yet infinitely tender, dark brown eyes, the square jaw, the hard nose, the lean looks, the immensely powerful body. She took in the breadth of his shoulders, the astoundingly savage V of his torso, the strength in his arms and legs. Her body tingled as she stripped him mentally. His shirt was open low now and she noticed that his chest was broad and hard and deeply cleaved and quite hairless. 

His hips were high, the waist narrow, and she noticed, looking down the V of his shirt, that his belly was hairless too, and hard as a washboard. There was not a roll of fat in it as he bent over the papers on his lap. She could even see his small, dark, prominent nipples, stretched wide apart on either side of his massive chest. Feeling intensely horny, she returned to her books. 

A few weeks earlier, she had jettisoned her last lover, a sturdy eighteen-year old with unusually impressive sexual skills, when he proposed marriage. She wanted no such ties in her life, not yet anyway. In her typically gentle fashion, she fucked the youth relentlessly till he was drained and then quietly ended the relationship. 

He left with a smile, no regrets and a standing over to return to her bed whenever he liked.

Since then, she had fucked her father in law Arjun and his brother Ramesh, to sate her powerful sexual appetite. 

They were good, but she craved variety; someone younger, stronger, better.

Desperate, she had taken two of the sons of Ramesh, Barman and Chandru, as lovers. They fucked her superbly, but their visits were far too irregular to be satisfactory. Kamesh finished with the papers. He stacked them neatly and, tying them into their folder, tossed it aside with a sigh. He took off his glasses and rubbed his eyes wearily.

"Okay, that's it. Enough." he muttered.

She shut her book in relief. She hadn't his capacity or endurance. She smiled at him.

"Thank god," she said.

"What for?"

"I thought you'd never finish."

"I haven't," he chuckled. "Just wait till tomorrow!"

He rose to go and she had to quell her disappointment. She got up off the bed.

"Okay, *ciao* love, see you tomorrow," he murmured.

"Kamesh. Wait."

She put her hand on his arm and he turned. Her face was turned up to his, and their eyes locked. He felt a sudden jolt hit him as he looked at her. She was quite lovely. Her hair was dark and silky with a superb sweep and a wave, parted slightly to one side, framing her firm-chinned, oval face. Her nose was a tad beaky, but on her it was perfect. Her lips were full, yet delicate, and she had a bright, alluring smile. Her eyes were dark, lined delicately with *kajal*. She had a good line to her jaw. Her skin was tawny, like wheat, and she had a few delectable beauty spots on one side, and an inter interesting little scar near her left eye. 

Her fingers and toes were shapely.

Her body was short and slight, yet slender and well-filled. Her breasts were high and firm, the belly tender and flat, though not hard, the hips nicely widened, the legs and arms smooth. She was wearing a simple *churidar* and *kurta* outfit of some semi-synthetic material that clung to her curves like film.

Their eyes locked. They were standing very close. Her lips parted slightly. He could see the white of her perfect teeth. She felt her body flush with excitement.

His head bent to hers. Her lips parted, and he felt her breath warm and sweet on his face. Their lips met, brushed, fleeting, then met again, in a long, delicate kiss. He drew her lip between his and sucked and gently she slid her tongue out between his lips, probing his mouth. Her arms wound about his thick shoulders, fingers entwining in his hair. Her body smelled musky with the sweat of the day, his was tacky and manly.

His hands slid up from her waist to her breasts. He felt them swell and grow hot and turgid in his hands. He squeezed gently, rolling the fleshy mounds in his hands, and her nipples, stubby and hard, popped out hard through the thin cloth. He realised that she didn't have a bra on. He flipped open the buttons of her *kurta*. They went down low, almost to her waist and he pulled it wide. Her breasts were perfect: large and firm, with a nice thrust and slope and a good cleavage. He slid his hands under her blouse and she arched her head, eyes fluttering shut, gasping softly as his expert hands caressed her nipples.

"Shanti ..."

"What," she murmured.

"Tell me ..."

"What?"

"Is this ..."

She understood the unasked question, and debated whether to answer, not knowing what his reaction might be. Finally, she shook her head, looking him straight in the eye.

"No," she said softly, "it's not my first time ..."

He arched an eyebrow in genuine surprise, and she smiled.

"Good," he murmured, smiling. "That's a relief."

Kamesh's lips met hers. She flicked open the buttons of his shirt, caressing his wonderful, hard, smooth, deeply muscled chest and belly, wondering what his prick would be like. He tugged at the draw cord of her *churidar* and it puddled about her feet with a sigh. She had nothing on beneath. He cupped her cunt, her fuzz neatly trimmed and found her already damp with excitement. His hands returned to her breasts, already swollen, the nipples hard in his fingers. 

He kissed her face and tongued her ear gently. She murmured in pleasure. He lifted her *kurta* and drew it off her head. She kissed him again, her tongue hungry in his mouth. He caressed her soft mound, wetting his fingers in her juices and caressing her breasts. She shivered in pleasure. They moved to the bed and his lips trickled down her throat to her chest. 

Shanti whimpered as he lapped at her rigid nipple. Her fingers twined in his hair. Her nipple was erect and it quivered in his lips. He fondled her other breasts, gently teasing the first, making her groan softly.

He squeezed her breasts together. His tongue flickered across one nipple, then the other, then the first again. Slowly, he drew the luscious mound into his mouth and sucked on it, teething the nipple, rasping it against his teeth and palate, flicking one with his tongue, the other with his fingers. He moved to the other and she groaned loudly, her body hot, her pulse racing, her face arched back, a vision of lust.

He slid lower and instantly, her legs spread open for him. He dragged his tongue down her belly, through her navel, nuzzling her pubis, her thighs, sliding down her legs to her feet, sucking onher toes, licking her soles, sliding up again. Shanti gasped and thrust her moist cunt up, the cunt-lips unfurled, her clitoris gorged and stiff. He pushed his face between her thighs.

Shanti hissed as his hot breath seared into her cunt, and then whimpered and gasped as his tongue followed, flickering like fire in her cunt, flicking her clitoris this way and that, his lips pressing in to suck her clitoris. He nibbled it gently and her hips jerked up savagely, her hands on his head, pinning him to her musky loins, her cunt juices streaming now . Her head jerked from side to side, and she panted and gasped with lust.

"Ohhhhh Kamesh yes ... OHHhh uhhhh OHHH yes yes yes ohhh god yes ohhhhh uhhh OHHH!" she moaned.

He stopped suddenly, just short of her orgasm. He turned her over onto her front and bent over her, kissing the nape of her neck, nuzzling her sweet smelling, silky hair, teasing the gold chain around her neck, trickling his tongue down her spine and the curve of her hips and buttocks, teething them, prising them apart to rim her dank, puckered anus with his tongue. Shanti gasped and he thrust his hands under her chest, crushing her swollen breasts in his hands. Her hard nipples quivered in his fingers.

Kamesh paused to admire the delectable curve of her naked body as she lay on her front before him, her slender legs spread wide, her face on its side on the pillow, eyes closed, hands hugging the pillow. Her silken hair was awry now. He bent his face and she shivered in delight as his tongue slid over her naked heels and soles and toes again, his lips parting to gently suck on them.

Slowly, he rose up higher, his tongue slithering up one naked leg, his fingers tracing the line of the other, teasing the backs of her knees. He rose higher still, over the backs of her slim thighs and they shook at his touch. He kissed her buttocks, and her hips quivered under him, as his fingers fondled her inner thighs tenderly. Gently, he parted her buttocks.

"Kamesh ... please ... go on..." she muttered, deeply aroused.

Smiling to himself, he prised them open further and she gasped, her head rising, mouth parting in a wide 'O' of delight as his tongue flickered gently against her anus, probing the dank, puckered flesh. He slid his fingers and hands under her thighs. Her hips jerked up, her thighs spreading. Panting with excitement, she plunged a hand between her legs and spread her cunt-lips wide for him with her fingers.

"Kamesh ... tongue-fuck me again," she gasped.

Chuckling, he slid his head lower and she gasped, crying out as he pushed his tongue up into her wide, gaping cunt once more. He rolled his tongue inside her cunt and her finger arched up between his lips, flickering between his mouth and her cunt, his tongue dancing around her finger and her cunt, her finger rolling inside her cunt, her hips grinding round and round. She gasped, veering towards a climax.

He stopped her short again. He ripped off his trousers, taking his cock in his hand. He began to masturbate quickly, and she looked over her shoulder at him and gasped at the size of his gargantuan penis. His cock became hard and stiff, hungry for her. He bent over her,deciding that if she had been fucked before he could as well fuck her from behind right way, take her nice and slow and deep. He pressed his cock against her buttocks, sliding it lower, and her fingers curled about it with the confidence of an able lover.

"Ohmygod!" she gasped.

"Seen bigger?" he chuckled.

"Only ...only in a dream ... Oh God Kamesh ... I want it ... I want it inside me!"

He drew her hips higher. Holding his erect tool in his hand, he slowly squeezed his huge cock-head into her. She gasped, rising onto her forearms, hands clenching the counterpane, then ducked her hand between her legs to spread her cunt-lips wider apart.

"More ..." she gasped, "Put it all in, Kamesh ... I want all of you in there ... God ... Kamesh, please ... hurry ... fuck me ... quickly .... shove it in OH uhh OH uhh Oh yes Oh god yes Oh yes oh god oh god OH GOD OHHHHHuhhhhhhh YES YESYESYES!"

Grinning in delight, his mind soaring, he skewered her cunt slowly, thrusting his cock slowly into her, the thick-veined, hairy shaft rasping against her inflamed clitoris, pranging her belly deeply, making her shudder and moan and cry out at the enormity of it inside her. She thought it would surely tear her in two and come ripping out of her throat .

Kneeling behind her, he waited till she caught her breath. His huge cock was embedded deep in her cunt, and its incredible heat made her cunt boil, her body flame with lust. She moaned. Her head sank between her arms, then rose in ecstasy, her eyes closed, and she bit her lower lip. Her hips began to move, slowly at first, round and round, churning her cunt with his huge pestle, then faster and faster, and back and forth. She rocked on all fours, jerking her cunt up and down on his lance with shuddering cries, pulling up till only the top of the big cock-head was inside her,then pushing heavily down again. Faster and faster she went, moaning and keening desperately. Finally, he began to move, sliding his hips back and forth in a heavy, steady, demanding rhythm, forcing his penis as deep into her cunt as he could, moving faster and faster, his thighs and balls slapping loudly against her buttocks, his head arching in delight. She was good, very good, her cunt hot and wet and tight as a drum.

"Ohhhh uhhh OHHHHH uhh OHHHH uh OH OH OH OH OHHHHHHH!" she went.

He paused and held her still and she waited as he spread his legs and pushed her down onto her front, her face on side on the pillow. He rose over her, knees astride her buttocks.

"Oh god Kamesh ... fuckme..." she gasped, her mouth open. "Keep fucking me!"

He began to move again. His body corded with strain, his belly drew in. Hands on her buttocks, he stroked smoothly in and out of her cunt, keeping her pinned beneath him. Faster and faster he went, till his cock was running in and out of her like a piston, pumping furiously up and down and in and out, the huge cock thrusting in, jerking out, thrusting in, jerking out, pile-driving, glistening, dark, hot, throbbing, squelching and rasping into her cunt. 

Shanti moaned deliriously.

She orgasmed, mewing and crying out, spasming and jerking, clawing at the counterpane. He continued to ram-fuck her from behind, plunging more and more deeply into her, his hips pounding against her buttocks. He sensed the end of the orgasm and slid smoothly out of her.

"C'mon bitch ... now gimme some head," he grunted.

Panting, hot, streaming with sweat, still deeply aroused, Shanti turned and bent before him as he knelt on the bed. Kamesh watched as she took his cock lovingly in her hand and began to jerk him.

She bent forward, parting her lips to swirl her tongue over his cock-head. He jerked her head forward and she took him deep into her mouth. He gasped. Her face distended, cheeks hollowed, she began to suck him hungrily, her head bobbing rapidly back and forth, up and down his sticky shaft, licking it, kissing it, sucking the cock-head and shaft deeply, lingering his balls, suckling them one by one, caressing her face with it, all the while fondling her own breasts. He felt his spoot roil up hot and he groaned, fucking her face with delight, moving her head back and forth to suit his pleasure. 

"Come on, cunt ... on your back!" he commanded.

She went down onto her back and once again he took her, this time leaning over her, his hands bending her thighs up, her knees hooked over his shoulders. She reached down to guide his cock into her cunt. He went into her smoothly, quickly, fast, running his lance into her in one skewering thrust. Shanti cried out, the

breath driven from her body and arched hard under him, his balls thumping against her buttocks, her body folded up in half. 

He fucked her hard, pumping his hips up and down, his buttocks rising and falling furiously, rapidly, his huge cock sliding in deep.

"Yes yes Ohhhh god yes fuck me ... fuck me ... fuck me Kamesh ohhhh yes!" she cried.

"God ohhhh god ohhhhh yeh ohhhh uhhh OHHHHH yeh yeh YEHHHH uhhhh OHHh god yes!" he responded.

Her body jerked and rocked under his, their bodies hot, streaming with sweat, the fires rising in their loins, commingling, his huge cock rasping into her, squelching in,stretching her cunt-lips to their fullest, filling her to the brim. Her hands were on her jiggling breasts, squeezing and rolling them in an erotic frenzy, and she cried out for more, her voice rising in pitch and volume, her hips bucking at his, her cunt spasming and clamping hot and tight on his enormous dick, his huge cock rasping against her gorged clitoris, pounding and stroking in and out like a mechanised trip hammer, till she exploded once more, and then again and yet again. At last, he skewered her deeply and lingered, quivering inside her, his hips twitching and thrusting at her cunt, his cock throbbing and burning fiercely inside her sodden cunt. 

He flung his head back and growled like an animal and she felt the quicksilver slugs of his spoot spurting into her in a hot, endless flood.

Gasping, his magnificent body streaming with sweat, Kamesh slid down onto Shanti, his enormous cock still inside her. She realised with a start that it was still rock-hard. She felt it throb and quiver inside her, felt the ooze of more jizz. She moaned her surprise and pleasure, tonguing his ear lasciviously, grinding her breasts under his hard chest.

"Fuck me again, lover ... fuck me again," she murmured hoarse voiced.

"With pleasure," he chuckled.

He swung over onto his back and took her on top of him, straddling his lap, her knees bent and folded under her buttocks, her cunt impaled deeply on his pole. He kissed her slowly, fondling her heavy, turgid breasts, examining their superb contours with his expert fingers, marveling at their perfection. The gold chain with its pearl pendant swung against his chin. She rose, her hips grinding heavily against his and pressed her breast to his lips.

"Suck it ... suck it Kamesh," she moaned.

He flipped his tongue at the rigid nipple, making her gasp, her head snapping up, mouth open in delight as he flicked the nut hard breast tip. He scraped it across his teeth and gums, across the roof of his mouth, pinching and tweaking and twirling the other nipple, squeezing and kneading the fleshy mounds.

She began to move in excitement, rocking back and forth, up and down, her breasts and the gold chain jiggling heavily, her cunt rising and falling on his cock, going up a good eight inches, then slowly slithering down deep again, impaling itself on his penis.

Kamesh held her hips and began to move her up and down in a steady rhythm, lifting her high, easing her down, his own hips moving now in a motion that matched hers, his hips rising as hers fell.

"Ohhhhhh uhhh Ohhhh Kamesh Kamesh Kamesh Kamesh yes ... ohhh god yes yes yes ... ohhh uhhhh ohh ma uhhhh Ahhhh uhh Ahhhh uhhh Ohhh uhhhh yes ohhh yes ohhh uhh ohhhh yes that's it ... ohhh god yes ... do it Kamesh ... do it ... mmm, yes ohhh uhhh ohhh yes!"

Her head was tilted back, her face a vision of lust, her lips parted, the nostrils flared, the perfect teeth bared. She hissed as he slid his fingers under her buttocks, a thick finger pressing insistently at her anus. She yielded and cried out as it slid in slowly, wriggling and jerking inside her.

"C'mon bitch ... take it ... mmm, yeh ... ohhh yes take it slut take it all ... ohhh god yeh ... take it ... take my cock, cunt ... take it ... ohhhh yeh Mmmm yes ... god, yes ...!" he gasped in unfaked delight.

He took control now, and began to move with her, bucking up heavily under her, tossing her on his lap, heaving with his powerful hips and loins. 

She cried out as his cock pranged deep into her, her hands on her breasts, at her cunt-lips, flicking her clitoris, reaching back to cup and squeeze his balls, then going back to her breasts to crush and maul and knead the fleshy mounds in frenzied excitement, her head whipping from side to side, her lovely hair tossing wildly, the gold chain slapping and thumping on her chest, her body shining with sweat as she cried out louder and louder, exploding at last in a shattering orgasm, her cunt spasming uncontrollably on his enormous battering ram.
