 Shanti had a very intimate relationships with men who were either boyfriends or husbands of her colleagues or women friends – she had this adept penchant of luring seducing and making these men fall for her hook line and sinker and drain them completely – much to the chagrin and many times divorce and in one unfortunate case where both the woman and the man committed suicide.

Her latest conquest was Kamesh – husband of Aruna – her colleague at the Bank – Sridhar was in the same branch and he introduced Aruna and they happened to visit them one evening and it was love or should we say lust at first sight – both Kamesh and Shanti knew the impact their mating eyes were having the mating organs and it was a matter of time – he would add his name to her innumerable lovers and partners in conjugal bliss – Shanti had lost the count – last time she counted was Khalid a few months ago – he was her 24th victim and later she just lost the interest to count – she was more interested in the event and not the participant.

A few days after that evening – Kamesh dropped her home and Aruna was in the car – and this continued for some time – every time Shanti will come home, Aruna innocently entrusted the task to Kamesh and soon it was alone – only the two of them, and after a few weeks – she asked him to come home but he will remind her he had to reach early or go to work or some other issue and delayed the dropping at her house, he also wasn't sure of Sridhar – and it was in one of the bouts with Aruna when he came to know that Sridhar was incapable to take her fire out between the legs and this emboldened him and he decided that next time he will accept the 'invite' and make himself available.

Shanti could sense some change in him the very next day and make out his excitement and decided not to let him drop her – she wanted to torment him, her instincts and knowledge of sexually aroused 'animals' told her, he was ready but she wished 'procrastination' and that was her style – It was a Tuesday one week when Shanti came to Aruna's place and was startled to find Kamesh -- Aruna's husband. 

The two saw each other and the message was clear. Both gave the same signal to each other of course knowing very well that it was not possible. Shanti knew it had to be made possible -- this was the chance to get even with the mistress of this house. She could clearly see that the couple were very close and looked like it was a perfect harmony in the family unlike her own -- which was all turmoil. 

Months passed and Shanti would meet Kamesh at their place -- and it was no secret that the man was secretly masturbating immensely thinking of the Tamil slut. Of course he was also not in knowledge of her true dark side. One day -- Shanti decided to bite the fruit a bit and knowing that he was at home, came early and took the younger daughter Ayesha in her arms and asked her, " Hi Ayesha uhmmmmmmaaa, you are so sweet, you are smelling, not taken a bath yet? No problem even I have not -- I do not like to take a bath so early" and all this in the safe distance of Kamesh to hear who got an instant hard on when he heard this conversation. In fact it was followed up by Ayesha coming and laughing at the episode and asking our dear Shanti to have a bath in their house. 

Shanti did have the bath but not before Kamesh had shagged three times in that one hour before she took her bath and all this while she would deliberately pass by him while he was on the dining table taking his breakfast or standing near the door taking his coffee only to let her sweat odor make it extremely difficult for the stud to hold on, he wanted her badly but how -- he knew she was taking him up the spike but was scared if it turned around him and made him look shafted. He finally left for work that day hoping one day he will hit the sack with her naked body in his arms. He already was fantasizing a lot of course all unknown to Aruna mostly during the bouts in the night. 

In the darkness when he was squeezing his dick into her pussy, our man would dream he was fucking Shanti. 

This hide and seek continued -- and though they did not go beyond this titillation and tormenting game Shanti knew it was going to happen soon when she will have him around her pussy begging to fuck but wanted it to be the day of revenge, cultivated pay back.

One day Aruna asked Shanti if there was a housemaid available in her knowhow – she was pregnant and needed help at home – Shanti saw big chance and promised help. Ina week or so – she got her sister Chitra to convince the steno at work Veronica who was vivacious and slut of the the third degree to accept this role – the plan was to seduce Kamesh with Veronica and make him their slave – Shanti was vicious and planned different with varied men – and this was her method of putting cocks to her use.

Veronica arrived and duly got introduced – she took a 2 month unpaid leave from work to do this dirty deed and had no compunctions – she was looking forward to the ultimate seduction and roll in the bed naked with Kamesh – dusky and extremely well chiseled Veronica was a slut of very high beauty and sexy features, she had fucked more than 15 men and all on duty – she did not have time for love only sex – and for her own pleasure, she fucked her brother, cousin and her brother in law and his father – once she fucked both together when the sister was out of town.

The stay began and very soon Veronica started to have her effect on the man – she would wear demure and extremely traditional clothes but would not lose opportunity to let a few slips here and there and let low cut revelations – sleeveless armpit smell permeate and many a time when Kamesh would come to the kitchen deliberately – slip the 'chunni' purposely and hum some sexy tune – giving him all right signals. 

Today – she chose well – he was back home after his shift and it was two full hours before Aruna would return, Ayesha was still at school and he came back from work emboldened – wanting to sink his prick into the dusky woman – he wanted the silky moist woman to give him the 'forbidden' pleasure – he had yet to taste a woman besides his wife and this was his opportunity.

Humming to herself, Veronica selected a cassette and popped it into the stereo deck. She adjusted the controls and a popular number began playing, with a steady, insistent beat. Snapping her fingers, mouthing the words, jigging in tune to the music, she crossed to the bank of closets. Kamesh's view was obscured by the open leaf. She closed it, her arms full of clothes and dumped them on the bed at the far end of the room, directly opposite the door. She flipped open a box of chocolates from the bedside table and popped one into her mouth.

There was a dressing table with a full-length mirror at the foot of the bed. She stood in front of it and quickly unbuttoned her long black *kurta*, pulled it off her head. Kamesh gasped behind the door. He could see hear naked back, the black bra straps. She tugged at the draw cord of her *churidar* and it rustled to her feet. 

Her panties were very small, lacy, black, sexy narrow at the back, giving him an unimpeded view of her lovely, firm, curved buttocks with the enticing dark cleft between them. She paused, her back to him and ran her hands down her flanks, squeezed her buttocks. Humming, she turned sideways, looking at herself in the mirror, and then turned around, facing them, looking over her shoulder in the mirror at her buttocks. Now he had a glimpse of her full frontal. His penis bounced erect.

She had a lovely oval dusky face with a pointed chin, a slim, straight nose and slightly flared nostrils, small, cutely stuck-out ears. 

Her face was small and delicate, that, from some angles, it looked like her cheeks were plump, but even that was really cute. Her cheekbones were high. Her eyes were lovely, large, brown full of magic. Her lips were light and full and her teeth were white and strong and even, the left incisor slightly chipped an attractive irregularity.

Her skin was like gold, smooth and clear, firm as a grape. Her hair was dark and tumbled about her shoulders or flounced in a sexy pony tail or was coiled up neatly high on the back of her head. Her neck was superb, an exceptionally long, slender, graceful column under her firm, pointed chin. Her arms and legs were nicely turned and slim, with attractive ankles and wrists and slim fingers and toes, beautifully shaped and arched. 

Her breasts jutted out, full and ripe and high, like succulent fruit. Her belly was dark in colour, firm and flat. Her bra was very pretty, with thin straps and tiny cups that only just covered her nipples, leaving most of the luscious globes bare. He could see the points of her nipples and the dark shadows of her aureoles through the fine material. Her panties were so small that they barely covered her slit, and tiny dark hair crept from either side of the V. Kamesh groaned as he watched her. 

She paused and reached behind her with both hands to unhook her bra. Her chest thrust outward and her breasts strained at the confines for a second, and then she slipped the straps off her rounded shoulders and her breasts bounced free. She tossed the bra into the pile of clothes at the foot of the bed and then, hooking her hands in her panties, rolled them down and kicked them aside. Kamesh stared at her naked body in mounting desire. The dark triangle of her cunt mesmerized him. As he watched, she bent to pick up the discarded clothes and carried them to the laundry basket in the corner. She dumped them in it and strolled back. Kamesh watched her breasts bouncing.

She stopped before the mirror, right in front of him. He could see her front in the reflection quite clearly. Reaching up, she coiled her hair into a knot high on the back of her head, accentuating the sweep of her neck. The gold chain glistened on her flesh.

Then she paused and smiled at her reflection. She looked at her teeth, grimacing, turning her head this way and that. Then she stopped, and he saw her eyes sparkling with mischief. She held her palms between her breasts, the outside edges touching, palm to the tip of her little finger and slowly weighed and lifted her breasts. Gently, she began to thumb her nipples. Moistening her finger with her tongue, she rubbed her nipples and aureoles. 

Her nipples stiffened and she pinched them gently, tweaking and twirling the hard stubs. Kamesh saw her breathing get shallower and more rapid, the tensing of her body the parting of her lips the flaring of her nostrils all the unmistakable signs of sexual arousal. She squeezed her breasts in her hands, the flesh squeezing between her fingertips and arched her head, her tongue arching lasciviously over her upper lip. Outside, watching her,Kamesh groaned and pulled his erect cock out of his jeans and began to masturbate slowly. He pressed his eye to the keyhole again. 

She was still fondling her beautiful breasts. Veronica knew Kamesh was watching her. He had been doing this for some weeks now; she had led him to it, satisfied when she saw the dark eye glittering at the key hole, Kamesh was tall and dark and muscular, with a finely chiseled face and strong features. His eyes were deep-set and dark, his nose fine and straight, his mouth lean and wide. His shoulders were broad, his chest cleaved and muscular and hard and his belly was firm and flat. 

His waist was narrow his hips were high and buttocks taut. His arms and legs bore thick bunches of musculature. She knew his body was lean and tough, his torso smoothly hairless. She had often watched him as he came out of his bath in his shorts and nothing else, toweling his thick, tousled hair. His nipples were small and dark and pulled low and wide on either side of his heavy pectorals. All said and done, Kamesh was one sexy hunk, as good as Kenny or Harry – her two lovers, one her bot friend, the other his friend, who had no regrets in sharing her in bed.

Over the past week or so, Kamesh's lust for her body had become overpowering, and he could not take his eyes off her. He watched as she continued to fondle herself, squeezing and massaging her gorgeous, full breasts. How he wanted to feel them, take them in his hands, sense their weight and fullness, feel the stiffness of her nipples in his fingers, watch her pleasure as his hands, not hers, moved over her irresistible flesh.

He gasped softly. In the room, With lot of encouragement and training and all allowances from Shanti who was braining the fuck with Kamesh, Veronica smiled wantonly at her reflection and slid a hand down to her crotch. Kamesh watched her face crease in pleasure as she teased her cunt-lips open and rubbed her finger along the slit. She gasped and her hips lurched, her buttocks writhing and twitching. Her mouth fluttered open and, slowly, she slid a finger into her cunt. Gently, she masturbated before the mirror, moving her finger in and out of her slit, twisting it round and round, while her other hand fondled her visibly swollen breasts. She gasped softly and her hand moved faster in her crotch, her wrist pumping back and forth. Her hips twitched and lurched, rocking and jerking back and forth, and her fingers were frenzied on her breasts. Kamesh groaned in despair.

She deserved better than her fingers; she deserved a cock, a big, thick cock in her cunt; a cock like what he possessed, which was waiting to lodge itself in the dark folds of the sensuous pussy hole.

Veronica kept masturbating and, as he watched, leaned forward on an outstretched arm, her hand on the dresser counter and spread her feet wide. Her buttocks splayed open and Kamesh had an unobstructed view of her puckered anus and her unfurled cunt-lips with her slender, shapely, elegant finger arched into it, rocking in and out, in and out. In the mirror, her upturned face was a vision of lust, her mouth a wide 'O'. Kamesh pumped his cock eagerly, moaning and gasping. In the room, Veronica's body rocked back and forth and he saw her pendulous breasts jiggling and bouncing, saw, too, the expression of delight on her face and her finger, wet and sticky, darting in and out of her tender cunt.

Abruptly, she stopped and rummaged in a drawer in her cupboard and pulled out something. Kamesh gasped when he saw that it was a vibrator, he expected her to use it as a dildo, but she surprised him yet again. Her chest heaving with excitement, her eyes glassy, her nostrils flared, Veronica moved away from the mirror. The bed had a carved wooden head-board and a matching, slightly lower foot-board. There was a decorative mirror above the bed, too. The ends of the foot-board bore carved wooden knobs, raised high, just below groin-level. Kamesh watched pop-eyed as she mounted the knob, spreading her legs on either side of it, one foot on the bed with her knee deeply bent, the other on the floor, her back to him. Slowly, she eased her cunt down onto it, and in the mirror, her face spasm with lust and her head arched back and her mouth jerked wide open as she sank her cunt onto the knob. He watched her moan, heard her voice, soft and husky and sexily sibilant and she gripped the vibrator and forced her cunt deeper onto the pillar. It disappeared into her flesh, the entire knob and part of the supporting cylindrical shaft. Whimpering, she rocked slowly back and forth, her cunt impaled on the wood. Moaning, she leaned forward and gripped the carved fretwork. Kamesh saw her buttocks flex tight, open, flex again and then she was fucking herself slowly and heavily on the bedstead, her buttocks writhing, swaying rocking back and forth, up and down. 

Her face turned, her eyes half-closed, her mouth open sensuously and her tongue swirled in an erotic arc over her upper lip. How he longed to fuck her mouth, feel her suck and lick his raging erection. His fingers were sticky with gunk.

On the bed's foot-board, Veronica gasped and moaned, rocking her body back and forth. The knob and shaft glistened with cunt-juice. Her cunt ran up and down the shaft, and her hips swirled, her cunt churning itself with the knob. She caressed her swinging, pendulous breasts sexily. The gold chain around her neck rocked back and forth. Groaning, she fumbled for the *vibrator, slowing her motions, she paused to uncap a jar of cream and dipped the narrower end of the apparatus into it. Pulling it out, she smeared it slowly and then her hand went between her buttocks and Kamesh saw her anoint her anus and understood what she was going to do and his jaw dropped in shock and astonishment.

Moaning, Veronica leaned forward again and shuffled her feet further apart. Holding the bed-stand with one hand, the *vibrator* in the other, she stretched a hand behind her buttocks and pressed the lubricated tip of the rod to her anus. He saw her pause and then her arm flexed and she pushed the *vibrator* into her asshole. 

Her head snapped up and he heard her cry. "OHHHHHHHHHH ma unhhhhh OHHHHHHH!"

Her fingers tensed on the fretwork. Her face convulsed and spasm in a contortion of excitement. Her buttocks lurched and writhed and sank deeper onto the upright pole and knob. The hand behind her began to move slowly, rocking back and forth, pushing the tip of the *vibrator* in and out of her anus. 

At the same time, her cunt slid up and down the bedpost. Faster and faster she went, moaning, gasping, rocking and lurching. Her breasts jiggled and bounced and he saw that her nipples were nut-hard. Her hand rocked behind her back, moving the *vibrator* in and out of her anus faster and faster, deeper and deeper.

The gold chain around her neck looked sexy, slithering on her tawny breasts.

With a shuddering gasp, she had an orgasm, her back bowing inward, her face jerking up and contorting with lust, the hand behind her back tensing, pressing the *vibrator* deep into her anus while her cunt sank deeply onto the bedpost. On and on it went, and she moaned, gasped, her chest heaving till it gradually ebbed. Slowly, she slid the *vibrator* out of her anus and gingerly lifted her cunt off the bedpost with a shaking moan. 

She flopped on the bed and lay across it, her hips at the edge, her feet on the floor, her chest heaving. He could see her cunt-flesh clearly, for her thighs were spread wide. Moaning, she caressed her breasts again, and her hand slid down her body to her cunt and she slid her finger sensuously up and down the wet slit. Kamesh thought the sight of her dark, wet cunt against her slender, bejeweled finger was incredibly erotic.

At last she rose and smiled to herself. It was a satisfied, sensual, wanton look, her eyes glittering with pleasure. Kamesh saw that she was sweating, beads of perspiration dotting her upper lip and coursing between her breasts. She went into the bathroom, leaving the door open. Her breasts bounced as she walked. 

The bathroom was positioned so that her every move was reflected in the mirror above the bed outside, or the one above the dressing table and so fully visible to Kamesh at the keyhole. He watched her on the toilet, douching herself carefully and then she went into the shower, humming to herself. Kamesh watched as she bathed and shampooed. 

When she soaped herself, her hands roaming her breasts and buttocks and thighs, lathering her crotch, Kamesh saw her smile again in pleasure. She plucked the hands shower from its bracket in the wall and adjusted the spray to a hard, drumming, spurt. She ran it over her breasts and he saw her nipples harden. 

Then she spread her legs and, arching her head, directed the jet into her slit. Kamesh watched her move it closer to her cunt-lips. Finally, she had it jammed to her cunt-lips and with her other hand she turned the tap up full. 

The water pressure must have been terrific gauging from her reaction for she gasped and her hips lurched and her head snapped back and she moaned wantonly. 
