 Kamesh had Shanti completely in his fold and firm grip– she pined for his prick and for a short period moved permanently with him – but then society starts talking and it became difficult to continue the act in his house – he was a smart guy – he had a penthouse without the knowledge of his spouse on rent a few months ago – he had taken it for his friend Ripu who came frequently down from Delhi and copulated with women he had taken up in the city, now it came to his use and what surprised him delightfully was the apparatus Ripu had installed in the bedroom of the penthouse –a whole video recording system and playback while conveniently relaxing back in the bed. Kamesh was going to enjoy this and the payback was Ripu at some time was going to have Shanti hook line and sinker – all her holes and in all shapes and also all the other sluts including her sister and Veronica.

Well – that was contemplated and now Shanti was giving up work husband and even Ratan Chitra and others for this latest flavor in her life – Kamesh. He was desirable and undisputed lust for him was surging and absorbing her completely – and she was sure to quench all her thirst of sex in this man – and make him her slave or become his slave – it was not clear which was the equation, but as it unfolded she had little left to betray of her desire and extreme lust for Kamesh. She felt satiated and completely filled up with him. And Kamesh was using this opportunity of his wife away suitably and fruitfully. He had applied to work from home and with no responsibility back home – this penthouse became a hub of the sexual calisthenics.

Everything was just the way Kamesh liked it. 

Up there was his wife's best friend and his favorite slut who was hot, naked, and wild, poised sexily above him. His favorite brandy was warm and exhilarating inside him. The plush bedroom was lit just right, his favorite music was playing in the background, and huge mirrors were hanging in place above the big, round bed. And his expensive, sophisticated video recorder system was capturing it all on tape. Kamesh glanced to the side of the bed for a moment and caught a glimpse of the big TV screen with the lovely image of Shanti languidly fingering herself to orgasm. 

He watched her slim fingers slowly dipping in and out of the brown slit between her long, loving legs. He heard her lust-filled voice coming through the speakers in gasps and sighs. 

It had been several weeks since he had made that film, he remembered. He turned his head, propping up a silk pillow, and gazed at the reflection in the bright, strategically placed mirror at the foot of the bed. There was Shanti's lovely face again. 

This time he viewed a reflection, but in the present and this time he saw her face flushed and excited and heard her moaning and gasping as she engulfed his swollen cock in her mouth. He watched contentedly. His cock felt wonderful in that hot, velvety mouth. She was as wildly turned on by sex as he was, just as promiscuous and just as daring, and he had never found anyone that could suck his long, thick pecker like she could. He enjoyed the show, watching first the taped Shanti playing with her wet, dark-haired pussy, then returning to the image of the real Shanti with her dark haired head bobbing up and down on his throbbing cock. He groaned deeply as he watched and felt her tongue lap hot circles around the bulbous head of his prick. The smooth dark of her tongue looked and felt beautiful against the red skin of his un-circumcised penis.

Kamesh grasped her thigh and pulled it closer to his head. She was kneeling with her full, dusky ass facing him. She raised her thigh as he pulled it toward him and straddled his head with her luscious hips, not missing a stroke on his cock as she did so, here was the third view that Kamesh had at his command -- Shanti's fragrant, hot pussy spread out invitingly right in front of his sex-flushed face and hungry mouth. 

Her dark pubic hair was soft and fine, and framed her plump pussy-lips and tightly puckered anus. 

He stared at the beautiful, juicy sight for a long moment before taking his first taste of her wet cunt. 

Grasping the smooth, cool flesh of her buttocks, he spread her ass-cheeks and exposed even more of her lovely pussy. He saw her cunt open, her asshole spread, and her swollen clit strain from between her turgid pussy-lips as he pressed his face into her steaming crotch. 

Shanti released an ecstatic groan as she felt Kamesh's skilled tongue touch her excited cunt. She sucked harder on the head of his cock, straining to get more of his massive prick into her mouth as he began to excite her juicy pussy.

Kamesh pressed his tongue lightly against Shanti's clit and licked smoothly up through the humid valley of her cunt, into her dripping hole, and onto her flexing asshole -- where he lingered for a moment to tantalize the wrinkled pucker. He then swept his tongue quickly back through the hot cleft of her cunt, pressing more firmly this time, and plucked the throbbing clit into his mouth, sucking hard.

"Aaaaahhhhh ... that's right ... suck my clit, Kamesh ... suck it hard!" she cried, her mouth involuntarily leaving his cock as the delicious feelings in her loins swept through her entire body.  She sucked his cock back into her quivering mouth, pulling him in deeper this time as he continued to tease her clit. He knew the way she liked it. He kept a steady pressure on that swollen bud of clit-flesh, feeling it throb and move, and then began to flick lightly and maddeningly with the tip of his tongue.

Keeping the hot little love-button trapped with his lips, he vibrated it expertly with his tongue. He felt the warm sensation of his cock going deeper and deeper into her mouth in return.  "Uuuuummmmm," she moaned her mouth and throat stuffed with Kamesh's cock. She was going wild with lust. Kamesh's hot mouth sucking and manipulating that most sensitive part of her cunt was unleashing all her passion. With her animal desires blazing, she fought back the reflex to gag and pressed her head down farther on Kamesh's long cock, letting it slide all the way into herthroat. Her lips pressed against his pubic hair as she gulped and sucked on his hot prick. The moans came from Kamesh now as he felt her consume his entire cock. He let her throbbing clit escape from his sucking mouth and began again to lap his tongue through the entire hot, wet region of her loins he licked in long strokes, massaging her burning crotch from clit to asshole.

His actions were becoming more and more frenzied, and he could no longer pull his face away from her pussy to look at her erotic image in the mirror or on the television screen. He knew that as they each sucked and licked, the video recorder was capturing every moment of their bliss on tape. Shanti was on the brink of orgasm. Kamesh could tell by the way his cock was deep in her throat, and by the way her hips were starting to buck and twitch above his face. He could also tell by the way her cunt-hole was squeezing his tongue as he plunged deep into her pussy, and by the way her asshole was flexing excitedly. He knew that now was the time to push her over the edge of bliss -- before he came and while she was at the peak of her passion. He again captured her twitching clit between his lips and massaged and pulled firmly on her small dark bud. He felt the tiny center of passion throb as he pulled, her hot pussy-flesh stretching and straining as he clamped down more firmly. "Aaaaahhhh ... uuuuhhhh!" His skillful manipulation of herclit did the trick. Her head was raised above his cock, her facea mask of passion as she howled and moaned in the ecstasy of her orgasm. As her orgasm gradually faded, Shanti relaxed her lust-tightened body. She hung her head back between Kamesh's legs and sucked gently just at the head of his bloated cock. She sucked with her eyes closed, a placid, satisfied expression on her face.  Kamesh took one last, loving lick at her tightly flexed asshole and gently pushed her hips forward. She knew just what he wanted her to do. All that was needed was a hint. She crept forward slowly on her knees, still straddling Kamesh's body. He watched with pleasure the lovely scene her spread ass-cheeks made as they shifted from side to side, opening and closing to reveal her asshole and the dark-haired pouch of her pussy- lips.

Kamesh looked again at the TV screen. The image was still that of Shanti finger fucking. The scene was farther along now and her actions were less relaxed and more feverish. One hand was at hertits, kneading her soft, white tit-flesh while pulling at her erect nipples. Her other hand was still between her smooth thighs, her fingers alternately plucking at her clit, dipping into her twat, tantalizing her asshole. Her face now had the expression of a woman totally absorbed in the wonderful task of jerking off and doing a very good job of it. Shanti's hips were now poised over Kamesh's cock -- it waved erect, pointing straight at her luscious loins. Reaching between her legs, Shanti spread her hanging cunt-lips with her fingers. She pulled them widely apart, opening her twat for Kamesh's ten-inch prick. She slowly lowered herself until the head of his large tool was just touching the inner opening of her pussy. She released her hold on her cunt-flaps and her pussy-lips surrounded the head of his cock with warm wetness. "Uuummmmm ... you're hot tonight, baby," Kamesh groaned as thread of his cock was engulfed by her warm pussy.

"Just feel this," Shanti said lustily. "If you think my pussy is hot on the outside, it's boiling on the inside!" She relaxed her hips and allowed herself to descend smoothly and steadily, his prick sliding straight into her cunt. Her hands went involuntarily to her smooth belly as she felt a wonderful sensation of fullness.

Kamesh's hot cock was a perfect fit in her tight pussy. She lowered her hips until she was resting on Kamesh's pelvis, his cock buried to the hilt in the warm folds of her flesh. "Ooooohhhhh ... that's good ... can you feel how hot it is?" she asked in a hoarse, passion-filled voice as she enjoyed the tightly stuffed feeling in her deep pussy. She watched herself in the mirror at the foot of the bed. She had a full frontal view of her lovely body. Her long dark hair fell down on her shoulders. Her tits were taut and uplifted with jutting dark nipples. Her slim waist tapered out to full hips with the soft patch of her dark pubic hair at the base of her belly pressing into the blackhair that encircled the base of Kamesh's cock.

"Yeah, baby," Kamesh answered. "It's boiling ... it's boiling hot in there!" Kamesh was enjoying the wonderful tight heat of her pussy and admiring his triple view of Shanti at the same time. Heturned his head away from the TV screen where Shanti was now beginning to probe her pussy with a large blue dildo. He looked down at his hips where she squatted with her flawless back and achingly beautiful ass facing toward him. He could see the base of his cock encircled by the turgid lips of her cunt, and her asshole nestled against his pubic hair, as she held his cock all the way inside her pussy. Turning his head slightly sideways, he was able to see her front side reflected in the mirror at the foot of the bed. She was stroking her tits, lightly pinching her swollen nipples as she watched her reflection and relished the feeling of his big cock inside her loins. He could see his balls pulled tightly up against the base of his cock, directly under the triangle of dark hair at the apex of her lower belly.

She raised her body smoothly and slowly. His cock appeared, inch by inch, sliding wetly out of her pussy. It was red and glistening from the heat and wetness of her cunt. The lips of her cunt adhered to the smooth skin of his cock as she raised her hips higher. Her cunt seemed to suck at the prick that stretched her inflamed, dark lips. She stopped at the point where only the head of his burning tool was enclosed in the moist folds of her pussy-flesh. 

"How does it feel in there tonight, honey?" she purred knowing how he loved that first complete immersion in her twat. She flexed the mouth of her cunt as she held her body steady, squeezing his hard cock-head.

"Oh, yeah ... it's good tonight, baby," Kamesh groaned, closing his eyes tightly from the biting sensation of her pussy squeezing his red, swollen cock-head. She's one in a million, he thought to himself. The only girl I've ever fucked who could control her pussy that way.

She began lowering herself again, her pussy sucking in his cock. He watched with pleasure as the huge head of his massive prick first stretched her pussy-lips to their widest point, then moved smoothly on through to her hot, tight cunt. He had always been amazed at the ease with which she could consume his cock with her mouth or her cunt. Even her ass could take in the whole thing -- but not quite as easily and usually not without some coaxing from Kamesh. His cock was long and thick, and many of the women he had fucked just couldn't handle it. Not Shanti, however. He never ceased to enjoy watching her engulfing his gorgeous cock with herlips or twat or asshole.

She was halfway down his cock by now, feeling the big head plow through her cunt-hole. Her pussy-juices were beginning to flow. She could feel them dripping from her widely stretched pussy. Her pubic hair and asshole were becoming saturated with her sweet, sticky juice. Shanti sighed deeply as the mouth of her pussy touched his pubic hair. She immediately began to slide her pussy up his cock again. She sped up her movements and was soon beginning another hot downward stroke. She began to groan deep in her throat with each upward stroke, then suck her breath sharply as she moved swiftly back down Kamesh's smooth cock, he watched her reflection in the mirror. Her face was flushed, her head thrown back with her mouth open, as she passionately caressed her tits and belly and thighs. At the downward portion of each thrust, she would grasp his fat balls in her hand and lightly squeeze his swollen nut-sac. As Kamesh looked back at the rear view of her body, her hips twitching and her ass-cheeks parting with each stroke, he realized that he was dose to shooting his cum into her pussy. He knew that now was the time to slow down and prolong the pleasure. He also knew that she was turned on enough at this point to take his entire cock into her tight, sexy asshole. 

"Hold on, baby!" Kamesh commanded, grabbing Shanti's ass tightly as he leaned forward. He held her there at the top of her stroke, her pussy barely making contact with the head of his cock.  "Let's slow down just a little," he said softly, teasing her by flexing his cock in the mouth of her cunt.

"Oh, Kamesh!" she whined. "Give it to me ... give it to me now!"

Kamesh held on tightly to Shanti's squirming ass and prevented her from ramming herself back down on his cock. He watched with delight as her tender asshole flexed excitedly. He knew she was hot enough to let him stuff his whole cock into that tight little hole.

"Okay, baby, okay," Kamesh said in a voice thickened by lust. "I'll give it to you ... in your ass."

"Oh, Kamesh," Shanti moaned, "anywhere ... anywhere you say!"

He looked on with pleasure as she raised her hips and released his cock from the strong grasp of her pussy. He was surprised at how easily she agreed to his demands. She usually had to be coaxed along for a while before she would let him stick that big cock of his into her ass. He released his grip on her ass-cheeks and turned his head to look at the television screen. The taped image of Shanti was going wild with the big, blue dildo. She was slamming the huge plastic cock into her pussy with crazed passion. Her face was flushed with deep, sexual desire. He loved watching her finger-fuck. Returning his gaze to the real Shanti, he saw that she had leaned forward, raising her ass away from his cock. He loved to watch her prepare herself for getting fucked in the ass.

She spread her thighs wider. Reaching down between her legs, she began to dip her long fingers into her dripping cunt then rub the juices on her tightly flexed anus. She was first using only two, but she gradually worked three fingers into her still-excited pussy. Slowly withdrawing them, enjoying the feeling as she did so, she smeared her sweet, sticky cunt-sauce all over her dark asshole. Kamesh enjoyed this part of their little ritual almost as much as he loved the feeling of her tight asshole sliding down his cock. The thrill of watching a beautiful woman playing with her pussy and asshole was almost beyond compare. As she gradually soaked her puckered anus in love-juices, it took on the dark brown, feverish color of her inflamed pussy-flesh. Once it was properly lubricated, she began to lightly probe into the opening with her fingertips. Slowly, she pushed two fingers into her hot opening, stretching it wider and wider. She continued to alternately plunge her fingers first into her asshole then back into her pussy, wetting her anus still more, finally sinking three fingers into her tight, puckered opening.

Kamesh saw her passionate expression in the big mirror as she leaned toward it, her big tits hanging forward and swaying with her movements. He glanced again at the TV screen and saw her now arching her back in orgasm, totally wild with lust, the blue plastic cock deep in her pussy.  Kamesh again returned his gaze to the real-life Shanti and saw that she now had three fingers sunk completely in the widely stretched hole between the cheeks of her perfect, white ass.  "Oh ... Kamesh," she gasped feverishly. "I'm ready ... I'm ready for your cock."

"Just a second, baby," Kamesh replied. "Scoot back here for a minute and give me a taste of that asshole before I put my cock in there."

Shanti complied with his order. She crawled backwards on her knees, her ass spread wide. Each backward movement she made with her knees pulled her cheeks apart invitingly as her loins moved closer to Kamesh's waiting mouth. She stopped with her beautiful ass and pussy spread wide and wet right in front of Kamesh's face. "Oh, yeah, baby," Kamesh moaned, placing his hands on the smooth ass-cheeks directly in front of him. He stretched them apart as wide as they would go, making her asshole actually protrude slightly from the wet crevice between her ass-globes.

Pulling her ass toward his face, he opened his mouth and pressed his lips to her dark, puckered hole. He held his open mouth against her closed anus. He licked it lovingly and tickled the very center of her tight little rosette with the tip of his tongue. He loved the way her anus tasted and felt after she had been playing with it and rubbing it with her pussy-juice. He pressed his tongue hard against the center of her tight ring of ass-muscle. Her fingers had loosened her tight sphincter and his tongue slid easily into the hot passage. He fucked his tongue in and out of the squeezing hole, enjoying the little moans and gasps his actions caused. He kept his lips pressed around the musky opening and continued to manipulate her anus with his tongue, just like he was kissing her mouth!

Shanti let a long, lusty sigh escape her throat as she felt Kamesh's tongue probe deeper and deeper into her inflamed anus. She felt him remove one of his hands from her buttocks and soon felt his experienced fingers take hold of her swollen clit. Shivers shot deliciously through her body as her clit was tweaked and lightly pinched. Then she felt the simultaneous deep thrust of his tongue and an extreme, squeezing pressure on her protruding clit.

"Aaaaahhhhh ... squeeze my clit ... squeeze it, baby!" she screamed. "Ooooohhhhh, that's sooooo goooood ... tongue-fuck my ass, lover!"

Kamesh loved the sound of her sexual excitement. He squeezed harder on her throbbing clit, sticking his tongue as deep into her shit-hole as it would go as a powerful orgasm swept through her lovely body. Removing his tongue from her hole, he pushed her sex-stunned body forward. "Okay, baby. Now for the real thing," he said lustily.
