 The Sneha fuck was invigorating and extremely arousing for me whose own track record was immensely avid and full of extremely sensual episodes which could make Cleopatra shy away when it came to sex and fucks – but it was soon we had to meet – and it happened on the 4th day post arrival and during lunch at the Excelsior Dining Room – it was only him and me was asked to serve and he made his advances..

He asked me to come with him to visit the ancestral village where they have enough cultivation land in that village. Next to the farm is a big lake. Shivu, was taking care of the farm. He took me around the farm; there was a big well in our farm. Then we moved to the lake area. After sometime we came back to our farm. Shivu had good physique. He is almost six feet tall and broad chest with full of hair. He went to the pump room and removed his dress and came out wearing shorts. He dived in the well and started swimming. He asked me "I, do you know swimming? I said "No Uncle". 

He said "Shall I teach you? I said ok. He came out and I stepped in the well through the steps. He dived first and showed me the way of moving legs and hands while swimming. He spread his hands and asked me to float on his hands. He asked me to move my hands and legs. I moved my hands and legs. I was in salwar kameez. He hold my waist and came along with me. It was wonderful. I was tired and stopped moving my limbs and hugged him. He pulled me closer to him and hugged me. The heat was between my legs and there was no going back now- was completely prepared to get fucked.

Then I spread his hands and started swimming. Now his left hand went under my kameez and touched my belly. I enjoyed that. Since there was no resistance from me, his hand moved little up and touched my right boob. I was swimming and he also came along with me. 

Now he started massaging my right boob and his right hand came between my legs and came closer to my pussy. I stopped swimming and hugged him. We kissed each other passionately. 

We came out of the well and wiped ourselves. Shivu showed the field with full of tall maize crops and asked me "Shanti, Shall we go there"

I said "Ok" and we went there. 

Both of us moved inside the field. The crops were more than six feet and we could not spot the person standing inside. He immediately hugged me and kissed me. 

He turned me and from the back he hugged me and kissed me on the neck and bit my earlobes. He inserted his hands under my kameez and played on my belly area. I became so hot and started enjoying the play. He massaged my belly and inserted his forefinger in my navel. His both hands cupped my breast and massaged my boobs. He removed my kameez and cupped my breast over my bra. He hugged me tightly. He unhooked my bra and removed it. He turned me towards him and sucked my right boob and crushed my left boob. He pulled my nipple. He swallowed half of my right boob, bit the nipple. At the same time his right hand fondled my left boob. His fingers played on my boob and crushed it.

I felt the pain at the same time it was pleasure. Now he untied the knot of my salwar and it came to my feet. He sat in front of me caressed my legs. His hands move to my thigh. He kissed my pussy. He rolled my panty down and removed it. I was standing naked in front of him. He widened my legs slightly and started licking my pussy. He licked my pussy lips and opened it with his fingers and inserted his tongue inside my pussy. He moved his tongue close to my clitoris and gave a gentle bit. 

I jerked and pressed his head tightly to my pussy. He played well with his tongue and made me to reach the orgasm. I moaned due to pleasure. I released my pussy juice and he eagerly drunk it. He cleaned my pussy with his magic tongue.

He spread my dress and asked me to lie on that. I did so. He removed his shorts. I was surprised to see his huge dick. He laid on me and kissed me and bit me on my shoulder. He rubbed his pubic hair with mine. I felt the heat due to friction. I really enjoyed that rubbing. He widened my legs with his legs. He moved his fore skin of his dick back. It was pink in color. He placed his dick on my pussy. I opened my pussy and guided him to enter my pussy. His thick dick was not able to enter completely. He entered inside me partly. Now he put his arms under my arms and came closer. 

He covered my mouth with his mouth and suddenly he applied more pressure and inserted his dick completely. I was not able to scream because he covered my mouth. He started fucking me. He moved his dick deep inside my pussy. I felt a thick wooden pole moving up and down inside my pussy. I was gasping for air. He put his tongue inside my mouth and played. At the same time he was moving gently inside my pussy up and down. His hairy chest pressed my boobs. It was really amazing moment for me. A huge thick dick moving inside pussy tightly is really superb. He fucked me about five minutes increased his speed suddenly. 

He asked me "I shall I fill your pussy with my sperm or take my dick out without filling?"

I said "Shivu, please inject your sperm deep inside my pussy". 

He pressed his dick deep and ejaculated his sperm well inside my vagina. I hugged him tightly and kissed him. He spread on me for some time and caressed my body inch by inch. He got up and now I turned around facing the ground. Now he spread on me. His dick was rubbing my butt. He put his hand under my breast and cupped my boobs. I raised my chest little up and made convenient for him to play on my boobs. 

He pinched my nipples and made it hard. He said "Shanti, let us move". 

We both got up and dressed. We took bath in the small tank near the well and went home. In the noon we all had lunch and took rest. Night, Shivu went to the farm for night security. While going he asked me "Will you come tomorrow to learn swimming? 

I said "Yes, my dear uncle". 

Next morning I went little early to the farm. Shivu was resting near the pump room on the cot. On seeing me he smiled. We two entered the pump room. I hugged him tightly. He kissed me and played his hands on my back. He crushed my butt. We both removed our clothes. His dick was in full length and ready to fuck me. He hugged me tightly. His dick was rubbing my pussy. He hit my pussy with his hard dick. I put my right hand on his dick and moved the skin front and back. 

I asked him"Shivu, shall I take your dick in my mouth?

He said "With pleasure". I sat in front of him and licked his balls and kissed it. My tongue was licking his dick inch by inch. I pealed his fore skin and allowed my tongue to play on the tip of his dick. He moaned. I took his dick in my mouth and started moving my head front and back. He was enjoying the play. I tried to swallow his full dick but it hit my throat and I choked severely. Tears came from my eyes. 

He took his dick from my mouth. I breathed heavily and rested for some time. Then we got up and dressed. He said "We will go to the lake area and have fun". 

I asked him "Shiv, will anyone can notice us? He said "I, there is a remote area on the other end of the lake, there no one will come". 

We moved to that area. The people movement was very rare. 

We stepped in the water and he guided me to safe point, where there was a rock. The water level was just above our shoulder. We removed our dress and kept on the rock. He hugged me and we two kissed each other. His hands come to my waist and massaged my waist. His right hand crushed my pussy. He inserted his middle finger inside my pussy and rubbed the wall. I was moaning. He finger fucked me for some time. 

He moved me to the rock and positioned me that my back was touching the rock. Then he guided his dick inside my pussy by opening my pussy lips. He slowly inserted his dick. His dick completely went inside my pussy. Now he started fucking me. He went deep inside me and made me to fly in the air. I was moaning loudly. He covered my lips with his lips and fucked me with his full strength. 

At last he released his sperm inside my pussy and hugged me tightly. We caressed each other. We dressed and came to the pump room. We took bath together in the well and went home. While coming Shivu said "Tonight I will not go to the farm so we will play another round in the night".

That night Shivu stayed back at home. After everybody slept, we went to the Barn. He was expecting me. As soon as I entered the shed he hugged me and removed my dress. He was wearing dhoti. I pulled his dhoti. His junior was in full erection. 

He said "I, I want to do from your back". I went to the leg side of the thatched dry grass and adjusted my position by holding the iron pillar arms. 

He came behind me and crushed my butt. He bent me little and widened my legs. From the back he slowly inserted his dick inside my pussy. He slowly started fucking me. My boobs were swinging. He cupped my boobs and fondled them. I was really enjoying that fuck style. He kept on fucking for about five minutes and ejected his sperm inside my pussy. I hugged him and kissed him. We dressed up and we went back to the house hoping nobody had noticed us. 

We spend three days in the village and whenever we got the chance we would hook up.

Daily morning he used to fuck me in the pump room and sometimes in the house till the Wedding Day.

We returned to the Cottage and it was embarrassing since the folks who had come with us to the Village reported some stories which made people look at me with dirty and deceit – and I knew they were fully aware that Shivu had conquered me.

The Wedding got over and we were now in the neighboring town of Erode where the Reception was held for the Reception of the newly wed.

On the night of the Reception when I got out of the shower, saw that Shivu had already gone down to greet the guests. I walked over dressed and found a small box with a note saying "wear this tonight with your Saree." I opened the box was inside was a pair of black lace bra and panties. I felt the material and it had the freshness and softness of a brand new pair. I lifted it up and found a surprise. Both cups of the bra as well of the crotch of the panties had slits down right through the middle. The material was kept together by and small string tied in a bow in all the places. 

I just blinked for a second and then smiled very mischievously.

I toweled myself dry, rolled on my deodorant and sprayed my favorite body spray on me, Rose with a touch of Jasmine; 

I then picked up the bra and examined it again. The slits looked provocative and I noticed that the sting was undoable allowing the slits to completely open. I started getting all sorts of naughty thought and had to shake my head to bring my back to my senses. I was expected down soon and I had to get ready. I wore the bra first and then slipped on my panties. When I bent down to wear my Petticoat (skirt worn inside the Saree) I felt my pussy lips pushing against the slit trying to slip out. Not the most comfortable feeling, but certainly an erotic factor. 

I wore very exquisite chiffon saree with gold embroideries and a red trim. I tied it low below the navel, just above the hip accentuating my almost flat tummy. The material was very transparent and when I draped the long end over my body, it did nothing to hide my belly and prominent navel. 

The accompanying sleeveless blouse was made of silk with a deep and board back and a V-neck pattern.

I could feel my nipples pushing through the slit and occasionally peeking out as I wore the blouse. 

The ample bra covered bosoms was confined by thee hooks that kept the blouse from opening up. 

The saree drape again did nothing to hide the cleavage that was bulging out of the blouse. I could feel my nipple brushing against the lips blouse and getting hard frequently. This was going to be a very interesting night I thought to myself.

Next came the jewelry and I wanted it to be extra special. I started with items I knew would get Shivu's attention. First I wore my payal (anklets), then the thin gold waist chat with the pendant resting right below the navel. I wore my wedding chain or Mangal Sutra which is the mark of every Indian married woman. I put on my wedding rings on my henna covered hands, and complimented them with my toe ring on my henna covered feet. I wore matching earrings and put the finishing touches on my outfit by putting on a small decorative Bindi (forehead décor) on my forehead, followed by the Teeka (hair pendant) that hung just below my hair line above my Bindi.

I looked in the mirror and admired myself for a second. I had a sly smile on my face because I knew that Shivu was going to be floored. He always commented on my beauty and I knew that he loved me with all his heart. I wanted to see the look of awe on his face when I he saw him and experience the feeling of love, satisfaction and desire wash over me. I wanted to see his expression when I told him that I was wearing his favorite pair or bra and panties he had selected for me and knowing that in such a formal occasion he would be powerless to give into his lust, I wanted to see his agony.

But I knew that I too would pay the price for this because I knew what laid ahead after the function and that was already causing my heart to flutter. Thinking about Shivu's prowess and sexual energy, which I had experienced many times, was causing my body to respond and awaken my own sexual desires. Forcing myself to calm down, I took deep breaths and walked out of the bedroom.

I walked down the stairs and into the hall leading to the living room. Shivu was busy entertaining for of the early arrivals. He turned his head and almost bumped into the server when his eyes found mine and he gave a broad grin and winked me approvingly. 

He mouthed the words "love you" and as I smilingly went on my way, Shivu just gave a deep sigh counting the hours till he would enjoy his just rewards.

This was a very festive night in the household as Shivu and his brothers were hosting Shivu's niece wedding reception. The wedding had taken place three days ago, and while the reception was going to be in a banquet hall of a luxury hotel, a number of the family had gathered at their place before heading out together. 

While segregation was never an issue, the older generation always preferred to stay within the sexes. So while Shivu was busy entertaining along with other uncles, and the grandparents, we women were busy taking care of the ladies' needs. Also the women who needed to make last minute adjustments to their wardrobe or makeup, all wanted opinion. I was somewhat of an expert in this area and was well accepted and respected ad the best looking and best dressed woman of the family.

Suddenly the cell phone buzzed and I picked it up to see a text message from Shivu. Smiling I checked it and it said "U LK SXY". I felt my face flush. 

At around eight O'clock, everyone started to get ready to leave when the phone buzzed again. Shivu had sent another message "I WNT U." This time I felt a shiver run through my. I had been right, Shivu was counting the minutes to tonight and he wasn't going to make the wait easy for my eitmy.

The bride and groom were staying in the honeymoon suite of the same hotel. Shivu and I along with the rest of the family and guests arrived at the hall, and the couple went up to the honeymoon suite to help the bride and groom came down. 

Shivu immediately started back slapping his nephew in a "well done" fashion while teasing his new sister-in- law. I in typical sisterly fashion chided the two men.

"Don't tease me, you men. This is my special time." she admitted. 

But part of me was thinking how the bride and groom must have made love the past three nights. Just the thought of it brought back vivid and graphic memories of my wedding night. The rush with which my body responded to the sexual scenes in my mind surprised me even today and I excused myself to go to the bathroom thinking of the time when I fucked different men and none of them was my husband.

I was not surprised to see a pair of very sexy and very revealing lingerie hanging on the bathroom. Pink was a very good color for the bride as it complimented my fair skin and the pink lace thong panties were exquisite. My curiosity got the best of me so I looked closer and smiled to find the crotch smeared with dried pussy juices. I was getting wetter thinking about their sex-filled night. Wanting to regain composure, I wet a towel with cold water and gently patted my neck to cool myself down.

When I came out I saw the guys chatting in the couch and the bride was looking at me. I looked at her, gestured at the bathroom, and smiled, causing the bride to turn a bright crimson red.

"Did you have fun?" I whispered walking over to her. "C'mon we're sisters now, you can tell me."

"Yes I did." She smiled back. "He's very good" she continued blushing even more.

I was getting horny hearing this, and felt my pussy moisten. Imagining the bride and groom in the throes of their passion in the bed I was sitting on was an erotic thought.

"Any juicy details?" I inquired.

"Well" was a very hesitant reply. After a moments silence she said "he's got a very talented mouth" and turned away.

"Just like his Uncle" I thought and looked at Shivu and who looked back at me and winked. I smiled and felt my pussy moisten even more.

When the bride was ready, the foursome walked into the banquet hall to applause as Shivu and his family escorted the newlyweds to the stage. The reception was a grand affair with guests from all over. After the ceremonial festivities, dinner was served and Shivu and his family and all of us sat next to the bride and groom in their pace of honor at the head table. 

Once the dinner had been served Shivu's lust went into overdrive. First he moved his hand behind my back running his finger across it and then trailed his fingers up and down my exposed spine. I sucked in air as I felt Shivu's hot touch yet teasing touch. 

"Please stop it honey, not now" I whispered.

Shivu smiled and moved his hand back. 

I relaxed a little thanking my starts that my lover complied. I was busy enjoying my meal when I suddenly jumped a little in my seat. The people closest to my turned their head but I composed myself and smiled everyone away. Unknown to everyone else, using a guise of picking up the spoon, Shivu had slipped under the table and slipped his hand under my saree and caressed my leg starting his relatives.

I composed myself again but didn't say anything. Shivu behaved himself through the rest of the dinner and when dessert was served he took a small spoonful and slowly fed his brother's wife the first bite. I loved his sweetness and took sweet's bite in my mouth. Then to tease Shivu, I extended my tongue and licked my lips making Shivu's eyes go wide.

Seeing that everyone was still busy, he winked at I and before I could react, he was under the table again. Trying to maintain composure, I could feel Shivu's hand snaked up my leg under the Saree and gently start to caress my inner thighs. I felt his hand getting closer and closer to my crotch so involuntarily I parted my legs wider. Shivu got the message and rubbed his fingers on the crevice of my groin and on the elastic of my panties. I parted my legs wider hoping for his finger on my now wet pussy, but Shivu removed his hand and was back up.

I looked at him with a mixture of excitement, disappointment and inquisitiveness. Shivu just replied "tonight."

Not wanting to be left behind, I placed my hand on his crotch and felt it semi hard and started give it short squeezes under the table. I could feel Shivu start to lose control now and get hard. His cock was not forming a tent in his pants and as he closed his eyes in enjoyment, I removed my hand.

When Shivu looked at me, I simply winked at him and said "tonight."
