 le Sulaiman, Shanti, and Sneha were enjoying their three-way fuck, Shanti knew that this interlude was not enough and she needed more and what could be this more – her ass was tingling and lying on the mat next to the duo – she realized the hunk was immature for a real good afternoon siesta erotic anthology and Shanti wanted a long drawn erotic adventure and so quickly said good bye to both and made her way out of their place – find a Cab and quickly left for her place. 

She reached her place and was climbing the 4 floors to her apartment when a speedy jog on the stairs distracted her – a fair handsome man of 40 years – she remembered him, Aditya's Neighbor was running down in a pair of good looking T shirt and shorts and – they exchanged quick glances and smiles. 

"WoW- early today, care for a quick drive to the Mall – am in need of some groceries and Meena is not around" he quipped. 

Meena was Aditya's sister and this man was a bachelor – some miscued love affair. 

She looked straight into his eyes and left him thinking for a while and smiled at him " No Sir – I am a bit tired – want to take rest – how about a nice cup of coffee whenever you a free?" she had met him couple of times last week when Meena was strolling with him and once when they were in the lift while going to work. She found him rather attractive. And her temptation for the hard dick was immense and making alliances with men an easy affair – Shanti was known to make quick liaisons with men than those men thinking of making it with women – their imagination and mind was slower compared to her actual accomplishment on acquiring male friends. 

"Sure – let us – where your place or mine -?" 

"Mine – come over once you are back from the Mall" – she gave him the seductive look with sweat developing around her lips droplets of course and the saree slipped to the side giving him a fair and easy appealing exposure to the cleavage mauled by the duo a few hours back – the bites on her boobs were still hurting – though sweetly – and Sulaiman's juices were drying up on her crevices down below and itching – she needed to freshen up if this was going to be the quick next round sexual bout – she wanted to be a lily for this man. She also wished he had the cock of her dreams. 

It was a matter of time she will add the 24th man in her life who will sleep with her – Sulaiman was the 23rd – she was the slut of the colony and her lovers were all obsessed and enamored and excited to be drilling in her holes. 

She was looking forward to this exciting afternoon when she noticed Mala and Meena – this man's sister (and suddenly realized – she did not his name and was going to most likely indulge in a naked execution of lust and sexual dirt muck and scum calisthenics where the cock and the cunt /ass were to play together), she hoped he will suck and pluck on her ass. She wanted her anal orifice to be drilled. 

She wanted her lover to pay obeisance to the bung hole. And she knew the enema tool was to be used to make her lover fall for the small aperture – hook line and sinker. 

"I'm really glad you came over to visit your sister, I do not know your name yet 

What do I call you," Shanti drawled, handing her sexy hunk neighbor yet another drink.

"What is in a name – people call me by many names – I am Markandeya Sharma, but am known as Mike." And as he said that, Mike's cock leaped into a full hard-on as he felt his neighbor's thighs pressed lewdly against her other – she was wearing a sexy multi colored with blue predominant in the polka gown and most likely panty less. 

She had a great body, and he had always wanted a female like her to fuck the winds out of the body and mind. Why not now and why not her – will she yield, the indications were she was willing – will it translate to the bout in reality or just fizzle away – he wanted her since the day he saw her the first time a week ago in the corridor talking to his nephew, he suspected she had something for him in her mind, was he right or just some dirty mind confabulation? 

That was obviously what he was after.

Suddenly, Shanti moved her hand and stroked his hand and looked into his eyes directly and slowly brushed his eye brows and touched his bulging cheeks.

"You must be 30 or whereabouts –?" she was obviously taking him up the vine yard. 

"No dear not that young – I am 42 years old but look young, maybe because did not plunge into marriage and get into the rigmarole of regular hackneyed boring daily chore of a nagged married man – saved me the blues and has left me to look young"

"Wow! You're sure magic! Did all women with whom you flirt do that to you, Neighbor Mike?" she asked innocently.

"Neighbor – oh no – I know you will be in your early twenties but still don't call me Neighbor but yes you sure did, and you know it, you little tease! Don't know about other women" he growled, downing the remainder of his drink.

"In that case, let's become more familiar with each other " Shanti suggested, watching the virile young old man hotly. In a matter of seconds, the two had completely removed any more distance he was kissing her all over leaving saliva on her eyelids, face cheeks and finally smooching and finally kissing till the tongues got tired of twisting against each other – his and faced each other, breathing hard.

She quietly removed his shorts and shirt and he was equally prepared, if she was pantyless, he was with no underwear and that was enormous – called the prick. She was salivating – her 3 months wait for a good long luxurious fuck was going to be answered – the pray was going to be a prey sitting in front of her and she did not want to lose this opportunity. 

Just then – her phone rang, since it was close to the place where he was sitting, he picked it and his twinkling eyes told her – he had concluded something, "Aditya? – my nephew?" he questioned.

She took it from his hand – " What now Aditya, how is it going, what did you do at College today, come on, you cannot give up, you must tell her that – well, take the 1st step, after all, she will come around and if not – there are so many – don't lose heart "- and she kept on talking for a while before closing the call.

"What now, Shanti? You seem to be calling all the shots, I am sure he is our Aditya, bewitched the young man, he will be just 18 years and I can see it in his eyes, he is completely lost in someone, now I know it is you" Mike murmured.

Shanti grinned and decided to divert his attention, Aditya was an investment which she did not want to get into a discussion as of now so reaching out, she stroked the man's balls. Using the tip of her soft finger, she teased it along the stiffening underside of his prick as he stared at her big tits with their long, hard nips. Suddenly, the young slut fell to her knees and clamped down on Mike's fully erect cock. She stretched her mouth over his prick as if it were a lollipop. She slid down it with a slick motion that took her sexy mouth nearly to his balls. He gasped, feeling as if he had sunk into her belly. Then, she pulled back, her eyes wide, her entire body wriggling in ecstasy.

"I love your body and want you to suck my boobs – the brown nipples and the aureoles and then tit fuck the hell out of this hard cock!" the woman squealed, finally pulling her mouth away from his raging hard-on.

"Do it!" he demanded, hardly able to talk, he was so turned on.

Shanti eagerly lay down on the carpeted floor on her back, beckoning to her neighbor to join her. With a groan of lust, Mike straddled her chest and fucked his mammoth cock into the sexy valley between the slut's big, firm tits. Her nipples were hard and they pulsed visibly. He fucked in and out of the silky tunnel between her heavy tits, loving the lewd sensation as she mashed her tits tight around his prick with her hands and the gown had become a sheer cloth now completely off her assets still on the body for the sake of it.

He rocked into the trough, back and forth between those warm mounds pressed to his aching cock. The thick mass of his hard cock became an angry red blur of flesh that seared across her chest between the up-reaching hills of her tits. His balls throbbed as he drove his cock across that satiny expanse of flesh, enclosed by the mounds of her tits. It felt like a rare virgin fuck. His cock-head mushroomed even bigger as he saw her head tilting forward, closer and closer. 

Her pink tongue darted out and saliva drooled from the edges of her mouth, she bent forward to meet the head of her neighbor's cock.

Again and again, his turgid prick jammed into the tit-tunnel, fucking in and out, pulsing along the silken passage as her eyes widened in delight and her mouth pressed nearer. With each expertly controlled roll forward, Mike made his cock pop out the end of the tunnel of the slut's tits and stare her in the face, the cum-slit oozing liquid. But before she could get a good fix on it, it disappeared back down the tunnel.

"Oh, God, my lover Mike, you're driving me crazy!" she squealed. Her tongue flicked out farther, trying desperately to reach the man's prick. She longed to taste it and to swallow his pre-cum. Mike rammed his prick even harder between his niece's lush, firm tits until he could feel his cum sizzling hot in his balls.Shanti smacked her lips impatiently and watched. "Please, Mike, I want it!" she cried.

He grinned and shoved his cock all the way down the tit tunnel toward her mouth. The drool streamed from her mouth as she closed her lips around its head. The young slut's entire body wriggled lewdly in a dance of lust as she sucked, loud, slurping noises escaping from her mouth. She plunged deeper down the immense length of her neighbor's prick, coating it with her saliva. She made love to the cock with her mouth, slithering along its considerable length, cupping the man's balls in her soft hands and juggling them obscenely.

"Commmmmiiinnnggg!" Mike suddenly cried, unable to hold back any longer. He poured his cum into his niece's mouth and she eagerly, hungrily drank it all up. When he pulled his cock from her clasping mouth, it was still shooting. He sprayed her face with the rest of his jism.

"Mmmm, delicious, Neighbor Mike," the young slut cooed as she scooped up the spilled cum with her fingers and licked it all off, grinning up at her neighbor.

"Want to take a shower?" Shanti asked.

"With you?"

"Sure. I love to shower with a guy. I always have trouble soaping my back, you know," she said, laughing.

The young slut followed her neighbor into the huge bathroom just off of the master bedrooms. It was all white marble with fixtures and it even sported a red velvet couch along one wall. Mike slid back the shower curtain and turned on the water, adjusting it for just the right temperature. Shanti stepped in, craning her head back to let the spray soak her cum-drenched face and run down her body. The water formed dew like bubbles on her tits and slicken her flat tummy, her thighs, and gently curving legs. As Mike moved into the shower with his niece, he found that he was already getting another hard-on.

"Turned on again, Sir Mike?" Shanti asked delighted. 

"I was never turned off, you little slut," he said. "Turn around."

She obediently turned and he lathered up a bar of soap and began to suds her back, running his hands in quick circles along her smooth back, down to her firm ass. The shower was soon filled with the strong fragrance of the soap and the more subtle aroma of sex.

Mike's cock rose up high in front of him, red and throbbing. His niece's ass, lush and ripe, lured him forward. He edged his cock between her ass cheeks.

"Mmm, how'd you get so big and hard so fast,Mike?" Shanti asked as her ass flesh yielded to the man's prick.

"It wasn't any problem at all, baby, not with your sexy little body turning me on. Now ease back, baby," he muttered.

She did what he told her, easing back, parting her ass cheeks and screwing the wet, inviting opening of her cunt on his cock head. Mike grunted and drove his prick harder up her, relishing the softness of her ass, which acted as a huge pillow for his invasion. He had never seen a female yet who didn't love to dog-fuck, and it was clear that Shanti was an old pro at it.

"Ohhh, my dear Mike," she whimpered as she started to wheel around on his cock in great, convulsive, clockwise movements first. Then she whirled her cunt around in a counter-clockwise movement. While Shanti massaged the man's cock with her cunt, her trim little ass ground up against his muscular body. It was almost more than he could bear and he gritted his teeth tightly together in an effort to hold his orgasm back. He kept his prick snugly up her pussy, letting her do all the work, pumping and gyrating on his long prick. 

He slid his meaty hands around her waist and cupped her big tits, playing with them.

Mike sodded his slut's pulsing tits with the soap. His fingers pinched her big nips, making them even stiffer as the young slut turned on more and more.

"Oooh,Mike, your cock's getting even bigger!" the Tamil slut squealed with excitement. And it was true. Her clenching cunt was arousing the man so powerfully that, still inside her pussy, his prick was growing in length and thickness.

"It's all your fault, baby," he moaned.

He held onto her tits as if they were handles and rocked his thick mass of cock meat in and out of her grasping pussy. She used her strong, tight pussy muscles to hold him tight inside her before releasing him once again. 

She thrust the warm mounds of her ass up tight against his crotch as she fucked her neighbor. The hot water spraying them from the shower acted as both a cleanser and a lubricant as he rode her harder now, firing his hammering cock into her pussy as his hips smacked hard against the slick rise of her ass. In slow circles, he moved his hands around and around her tits, slippery from the soap and water, as their bodies slid to and fro in a frenzy of lust-filled fucking.

"Oh, God, it feels sooo hot!" Shanti groaned.

She lurched and more loud moans came from her mouth as she really fucked back hard now. She greedily skewered her pussy on her neighbor's cock, straining for release. Back and forth, she shoved her cunt-tunnel along the length of the man's fat cock. One each lunge, his body smacked powerfully into that juicy crease, cushioned only by the velvety hills of her ass.

"I am going to fuck you hard, my beautiful sluttish whore!" he groaned.

He threw his cock into her as hard as possible as his balls ached to spill their hot load. Wet, slushing sounds spread from her cunt-lips as his prick drew back before each of its hard plunges up her raw pussy-hole.

He rammed his big cock forcefully in and out of her gaping pussy hole and it closed around his prick in a lewd grip. At the same time she thrust her ass back at him, impaling her cunt on his long, stiff prick.

"Ohhh, yessss, fuck meeee, Mike!" the young slut moaned in ecstasy.

Her lush, curving body shuddered and her firm thighs jerked as he shoved his cock into her relentlessly. His hard strokes split her ass and cracked her delicate, pink cunt wider as he fucked her. Her cunt-hole poured out a steady stream of juice, which dribbled out from between her bloated pussy-lips and trickled down her thighs.

Shanti maneuvered her cunt downward so that her blood-engorged clit came in more direct contact along the path of her neighbor's long, thick cock-shaft. 

She shivered with pleasure as the man's cock-shaft rode over her enlarged clit both ways - forward and backward.

Her ass bounced in rhythm with the cock-assault. Her moans grew louder and her body trembled more intensely as the two lovers fucked each other harder and faster. "Oh . . . soooo good, Neighbor Mike . . . don't stop . . . don't ever stop . . . keep fucking meeeee!" she cried.

She shivered in pleasure and fuck-lust as he sawed his rock- hard cock into her. She opened and closed her burning cunt around her neighbor's prick, making him groan with excitement and the need to come.

"I'm coming!" she panted finally.

"I'm about to pop too, baby," he groaned.

"Let's count, okay? One . . ." Shanti began.

"One," he repeated.

"Two," Shanti said, grinning with anticipation.

"Threeeeeeee! Awwww, Shiiiit!" Mike yelled.

"Now! Shoot your wad now!" the young slut screamed at the top of her lungs.

She backed up hard against him in a continuing, lewd wiggle, then, suddenly, she felt her neighbor's cum shooting into her cunt and she exploded with her own orgasm and pleasure flooded through her and fountains of pussy-juice sprayed from her cunt-hole as she came, moaning and groaning all the while with a volley after hot volley of hot cum jerked into her, creaming her cunt so fully it overflowed, mixing with the shower water and her own slut-cum.

When her orgasms had subsided, Shanti rinsed her neighbor's softening prick with soap and lovingly cleansed it. After a final wash-down with cold water, they stepped, shivering, from the shower.

Then, they dried each other off and, grinning eagerly at each other, they moved toward the velvet couch, realizing that their fuck-session had only just begun.