 David Chase is a wanna-be paperback writer. By day he sells copycat signature dresses in Melrose, Hollywood and by night he writes mystery stories. He's finishing his 12-part series on August 3, his 21st birthday. His publisher was also pushing him to finish all the stories on that day. 

However, he couldn't get on with his 12th story that he'd started the first week of June. The previous stories he'd started were a total breeze but this one's different. Whenever he faced his computer his mind would go blank and his eyes seem to pop out of his head and hang there on his cheeks. 

Besieged by the persistence of this so-called writer's block, he decided one evening to hang around in his favorite bar in Sunset Boulevard. No dice. The following day was just the same. Walking along the boulevard on another night he decided to enter a barbershop. He thought that a little hair trim and a good massage might do better.

In the barbershop, David leafed through the Sports Illustrated's Swimwear issue and came across a stunning model named Sofia Moran. He was smitten like never before. To him her beauty was beyond compare.

Lost in admiration, his mind was filled with her and he kept mumbling her name as he walked back to his pad. Pausing at a newsstand, his heart leaped when he found six magazines that featured Sofia Moran. He bought them all. 

Back in his one-room pad, he stripped off his pants and shirt and sat with his Calvin briefs on a beanbag and then dropped the magazines on the wooden floor. He looked them over and picked Cosmopolitan where Sofia's beautiful face was up close for a cosmetic ad. "She's a goddamn piece of work. I'd give my left ball just to..." he murmured to himself breaking off when he sniffed something unusual. He was sniffing some exotic fragrance in the air as though someone's presence was there in his room. Sofia looked so alive on the glossy ad that he gave in to a moment's fantasy of pressing his lips on hers. To his shock he felt her delicate lips responded. When he pulled away his lips, the taste of her lipstick clung on to him. He was stunned and dropped the magazine abruptly like it was on fire. 

"What the devil was that?" he mumbled to himself seeing the trace of lipstick on his finger after he wiped it off his lips. Not long after, the magazines flipped open on their own as if fanned by a breeze. Surprisingly they settled down at the pages where Sofia was featured in. He couldn't believe seeing her pictures staring at him and giving him a come-hither gesture with her eyes and finger. As much as he was bewildered at this strange occurrence he felt strongly aroused. 

David took the matter for granted and decided to take a shower. Maybe a cold shower would dredge him out of this strange, inexplicable thing. He stepped naked under the cold invigorating needles of the shower and felt good. His erection deflated to half-mast. 

He soaped his lean six-foot frame and admired his well-cut muscles he'd developed through his chinning bar exercises. When he turned on the shower knob to rinse, fine blue and pink mists emanated from the shower before the cold spray hit him. Magical! Were his eyes playing tricks on him?

After rinsing, he grabbed a towel and stepped out of the shower stall. To his astonishment, he couldn't see himself in the mirror except the towel he was holding. He wiped the misted mirror with the heel of his palm and still he was invisible. But looking down on his body, he was visible and touchable. 

"What the fuck is happening to me. This is unbelievable!" he exclaimed moving out of the bathroom and into his room where the strewn magazines were drawing him like magnet.

His body was still when he knelt down one knee and confronted the weird Cosmopolitan that gave him the unbelievable kiss. The moment he picked up the magazine, he felt it had a life of its own moving to him not to his accord but targeting to attach to his penis. To his astonishment Sofia's face partly emerged out of the magazine with an open mouth taking in his penis and sucking it like a lollipop complete with lascivious noises. Appalled he pushed the magazine off his penis. 

"Am I goin' nuts?" He mumbled under his panting breath. 

Just then another magazine opened up showing Sofia lying on her side on a haystack. She was dressed in a light blue shirt that gaped open at the top showing an ample cleavage under a plunging lacy bra and a denim mini skirt that didn't conceal the view of her white cotton panties. The provocative picture completed his hard-on. In a few seconds that page of the magazine vacuumed his whole body and landed him in a studio filled with several people. He found them seeing through him as he walked on by. He had indeed become an invisible human being. 

However, he saw Sofia waving at him as if she knew him. Apparently she's the only one who could actually see him. The make-up artist was prepping her up in the makeshift haystack--the exact picture he'd seen in the magazine. He waved back at her and walked over near the stage to get a closer view of her devastatingly pretty face and body. 

As he stood and watched Sofia a bustling female worker jostled his erect penis. He backed off instantly while she halted wondering what her arm felt. She sniffed the moist part of her arm and it smelled of soapy fragrance. She flicked up her eyes to the ceiling to see if there was a leak but none. So she just shook her head and went back to her task.

"Look at the camera, Sofie!" The wiry white-haired Italian photographer called. Sofia was apparently looking at his erection. "Alright give me that delicious smile...give me the lips, those delicious lips...more... fantastic! Bellisima...I get off on those lips, " the photographer crooned with encouragement as Sofia moved her body sensuously in front of the camera, giving him the exact poses he wanted. 

Finally the shoot was over and she started packing right away. In about 30 minutes she was on her way to leave waving good-bye to everyone on the set and then she turned to David saying: "Come with me." He followed her without a word to the exit door leading to the indoor car park of the building.

Sofia was dressed in a man's blue striped shirt, unbuttoned all the way down and with its sleeves folded up to her elbows. Underneath the shirt was a stretchy red tank top matching heather gray track pants and red sneakers. Large dark glasses obscured her eyes.

"Get in the car!" she ordered him as she opened the front passenger seat and then walked around to get behind the wheel of her silver BMW M5. David hopped in. 

"Hey, you have an appendectomy scar!" she exclaimed as she was about to fasten her seat belt.

"Yeah, I've got it since I was a kid." He spoke for the first time. 

"I also have that kind of scar," she said tugging under her top and pushing down slightly her track pants to show her own. 

He gazed at it and he was embarrassingly hard again. His hands covered it. 

"That's some woody," she said half glancing down him.

"I apologize."

"Apologies quite unnecessary. I often have that effect on men," she said matter-of-factly.

"Even if it didn't become this way I'd apologize just the same," he quipped.

"Hard to imagine it won't," she said stifling a laugh.

"Do you have anything that I can cover my indecency here? I'm too self-conscious."

She took off her shirt and handed it to him. She couldn't help giggling amusingly at his impressive readiness.

"Thanks," he said bunching up the shirt over his attentive Boy Scout.

"Look, I don't know why this is happening to me. You're the only one in the studio who saw me, right?"

"Yeah, I know that," she said tapping her hand lightly over his thigh. "Oh and I could even feel you. You're not virtual." She giggled. 

"Aren't you afraid of me?" 

She shook her head. "No. I feel privileged seeing you. It's funny and way cool." 

"Do you have any idea how I got into the studio?"

"No. You just... popped in there out of nowhere," she said snapping her fingers in the air. "If people saw you naked like that, they would think that you're probably a loony, who'd just escaped from a nuthouse," she chuckled.

"I..." his voice broke off when suddenly the car door at his side swung open. A punch exploded in his face. Before he could react an ugly-faced brute dragged him by the neck out of the car.

"You're stealin' my girl," the attacker thundered. David felt warm blood trickled under his nose. He was aghast for the guy could see him.

"Hey, let him go you jerk!" shouted Sofia springing out of the car and running toward the other side of the car in an attempt to defend David. 

"Stand back, you slut! I'm gonna break this mothafucker's neck!" he threatened.

Instantly David pulled up his martial art skill by wiggling his head under his arm and biting the man's biceps as hard as he could. The man yelped in pain and David swiftly moved behind the man bending his elbow backward while twisting his wrist. Now the man was hollering in pain, and David gave him a swift knee kick up the side of his thigh. This caused the man to fall easily off his back and David finished him off by landing a fist blow over his face and throat. The man fell to the ground gurgling in pain. 

"C'mon let's get out of here quick," Sofia said almost diving into the open door of the car and quickly gunning the engine into action. David jumped in and slammed the car door shut and locked it. The BMW squealed its tires as it roared out of the parking place. David looked behind and the big guy was struggling to stand up holding his throat.

"That was cool. You just knocked down that gorilla. You're my knight in shining armor...the lancer of my delight," she said almost squealing at her lapsing into some poetic uttering.

"Who's that?" David was clearing his throat, touching his sore neck. "He could see me?"

"I don't know. You meet different sorts of people here in LA. Gosh, even an invisible man like you is no longer safe here in LA," she laughed.

"Where are we heading?" he asked.

"Home. In my bed," she said throwing him a knowing look. "Fasten your seatbelt amigo I'm going to make this fly so that we could get home in seconds flat." Sofia reached for a box of Kleenex lying on the gear shift box. "Here, you're bleeding." 

David wiped the blood under his nose with the tissue and looked at the rear view mirror. Only the Kleenex tissue was reflected.

Sofia was in the mood to show off her driving prowess and really stepped on the gas. A cop carrying fries and a hamburger sandwich noticed her speeding and immediately jumped into his patrol car to give a chase but she easily lost him.

"This is fun!" She laughed. "This is really my day!"

"Know what my wish is?" Sofia said eyes gleaming with enthusiasm.

"No, what?"

"A steamy session in my bed. But make no mistake about it. I'm no easy lay. I just love a healthy dose of sex and I don't do it with just anybody. I can go without sex for months if I don't find a guy that gives me the urge."

"Am I turning you on?"

"Pretty much so."

"We just met and I still don't know what the hell happened to me."

"That's what makes you even unique. You don't have to dress to see me and you've got an equipment all set and rarin' to engage in loving romance."

"Still this ain't normal," he said in a low voice.

"Have you heard of the freakin' paranormal?"

"Yeah," he said.

"Now that's what's happening to you," she said.

"What do you know about paranormal?"

"Oh not much, stuffs like astral projection, being in one place to another, or getting ahead of the time, if that's to be believed."

"Have you experienced that?"

"Nah, wish I could also be invisible just like you."

"I know about astral projection, but I didn't astral project. I wasn't sleeping when it happened and I didn't see myself leaving my body."

"Now that's a mystery. Are you into magic or practicing something that is out of the ordinary?"

"No, I just want to be a writer and I'm writing some stories that deal with mystery."

"Perhaps you're a very spiritual person or a very deep thinker and you suddenly got tuned in to some mysterious channel or traverse an unknown dimension and then absorbed some electrons that light cannot penetrate."

"That's a swell idea to put it. Sofia, you're not only beautiful but you also possess a highly intelligent mind."

"That's nice to know," she beamed proudly. Receiving compliment as intelligent was much better. 

"What's your name?" she asked.

"David Chase."

"I owe you David. You saved me from that gorilla who could have abducted and raped me. He's the ugliest fella I've seen."

"No you saved me. If I hadn't met you before him it would have been a different story. I'm glad that there's someone as beautiful as you who could talk to me and see me without any fear at all." 

Yeah. Who would fear your cute face, tight ass, not to mention that lance? She cleared her throat. "Ever seen the movie 'Hollow Man?'"

"I heard about that but I didn't get to watch it."

"Hey that's you...hello Mr. Hollow man," she said huskily and removed her shades putting it on the dashboard. "Welcome to my home David," she said as her car swung into a sloping driveway. She clicked the remote to open her garage door and settled her car inside along with another car -- a Porsche Boxster. Sofia got a nice bungalow somewhere in Manhattan, California.

Sofia led David into her room with a large mirror in front and top of the bed. Her shirt was wrapped around his waist. She switched on her stereo and played a Tracy Chapman CD. Chapman's haunting vocals poured forth a soulful tune called 'Baby Can I Hold You Tonight.'

"Would you like a drink?" she offered.

"Water will do," he replied. She opened a little fridge and took two small bottles of Evian. They both drank from the bottle.

"David, will you dance with me?"

He nodded and pulled her into his arms. They danced cheek to cheek, and David was moving his face to her hair, inhaling her alluring fragrance. He could sense that Sofia was aroused like him. 

"Oh David, this feels too good," she said feeling his erection against her. 

Then she threw a wild look on him. "Radical shit! David, you're not reflected in the mirror! And I look like crazy dancing with a shirt!" she laughed ghastly.

"I know," he said.

"You have fangs?"

"Fangs?" His face creased.

"Yeah, I mean like Dracula! You can't see him in the mirror, can you?" Her hands crossed and held her neck. "You're not gonna bite me are you?"

He flashed his teeth. "Nibble maybe." There were no sharp fangs.

She felt a rush of excitement.

"I'd like to kiss you David," she said. David didn't speak. She held his face and kissed him on the lips, her deep searching kiss moving across his full lips and then insistently parting his full sensual lips. Her tongue entered his mouth, exploring. His mouth was the sweetest she ever tasted.

"Gosh, I could get off just by kissing you," Sofia said. 

Their hands moved over each other's bodies, their tongues played in each other's mouths. 

"I want you, " he said. "I want to make love with you," he said pulling off the shirt that wrapped his body.

Sofia gazed into his incredible blue eyes and then to his blazing organ. Without pulling off her stare she stepped backward and then threw her bottom down on her queen-size bed rushing to remove her sneakers. No, she changed her mind. 

"Do it to me David, take off my clothes," she said in a hurried tone, lying across the bed. "I want to see my self in the mirror being undressed by a sex-crazed hollow man." 

Gripped by an overpowering lust, David obliged with urgency and she watched her clothes one by one flew off her body in the mirror. 

"This is exciting David!" she said flinging her arms on David. He glanced over her—such startlingly pretty face, magnificent body, sleek and feline with a scar like his own, and an exquisite pussy to behold. 

"You have a boyfriend?" he asked.

She shook her head and reached over to the night table, sliding open the little drawer, and retrieving a vibrator. "I've got this thing and even recommended this to my mom. It's my ever best companion whenever I'm not with any suitable man," she laughed deliciously. 

"Point taken," David said as Chapman's song Give Me A Reason swirled on by.

She switched the vibrator on and ran it over his abs and skimmed it around his manhood, all the more making it stiff. Then she switched if off flinging it aside. "How did it feel?" 

"Feels prickly," he replied grinning.

David bent his head to her breasts, kissing first one taut nipple, then the other. She moaned and moved her hips against him, thrilling to his tongue and lips as he licked and sucked at her like a baby. Her hands slipped down his body and slid over his penis. They groaned together—he at her breasts, her head thrown back, and her fingers sliding over his velvety skin, squeezing. 

David ran his hands down her smooth back to her bottom, spreading his fingers over the rounded bottom globes, kneading. A moment later, he skimmed one hand over her hip, then moved to cup her soft mound. Heat emanated from there. His fingers fluffed the auburn wisps that lightly covered her there, then pulled the soft hair gently between his thumb and forefinger, marveling at its silken smoothness, before dipping a finger in and down her. She gasped and he smiled against her breasts, his finger exploring the slippery folds. 

Sofia was shivering with pleasure, her body undulating, her hips moving against David's hand. Her thumb, then her palm rubbed over the tip of his tumescent in widening circles wetting her hand, which she stroked down him. She cupped the heavy sac, caressing the skin with her fingertips, then slipped her hand back squeezing him, running her palm and down him.

David took the vibrator and switched it on. He ran it around her erect nipples then slowly slid it downward. She was in short gasps as she watched the vibrator in the mirror moving animatedly over her without David.

David switched it off and put it aside. On the bed, he pressed his face into her, rubbing it against the silk of her hair and skin, his nose and mouth parting her lips, licking her. She tasted of musk and root beer to him.

"Wait a second bit," she said jumping off the bed and took from her dresser table the reversible round mirror with the magnifier on one side. Then she summoned back David to resume his giving head to her while she held the mirror. Of course David was invisible so she could only see herself, marveling how her pink sheath responded to David's tongue and intruding finger. Her hips squirmed and her lips elicited murmurs of pleasure. 

Lost in the swirl of pleasure, Sofia finally let go of the mirror in her hand and wallowed into the sensation that David was triggering upon her. 

"I want you inside me David!" she croaked.

She spread her legs and David mounted her, both of them panting. He rubbed himself up and down then slowly pressed in, until he was buried deep inside. 

They didn't move at first, though David gasped at her tiny contraction rippling over him. He began to move slowly, pulling almost all the way out, then slipping back in. He was whispering in her ear, "You're so beautiful. So beautiful." 

The song 'Bang Bang' swirled around them--sexual and insistent. David was moving in longer, even strokes now, slapping against her. Sofia rocked up and back, knees up, matching him move for move, punctuating their rhythm with involuntary moans and whimpers. They kissed over and over. In the big mirror the sight of her making passionate cries under an invisible being awed her. It had a mixture of terror and pleasure like she was being humped by an incubus and at the same time driving her with intense pleasure. Her arms were wrapped around his back her fingertips raking his skin and her legs curling around his waist. She could see her succulent opening like it was voicing rah! rah! rah! go! go! go! The wet and sloshing sound making her delirious. 
