 How can I explain my feelings into words adequate enough to say what I felt that day. Anticipation felt to my very core. Desires and needs so strong and yet….to this day and hour…had been….unfulfilled in my life. Not even in my wildest hopes and dreams could I imagine that this weekend would awaken within me feelings that were buried…yes hidden…so deep inside of me. Did I know they were there? I ask myself that….and yes…I think I always knew that the passion you unleashed and brought to fruition was there….it just took someone very special, very sensual …to bring it out in me….and show me …what it is to be a total….woman. A woman who wanted to be pleasured …and yes…give it as well. 

I was nervous as the hour drew near. I watched the clock….yes….I needed this weekend spent in your arms. I looked forward to it now for weeks and finally … it was here. Then the phone rang and you were trying to find the hotel. I looked out of my window ….the very top floor. I watched the traffic and tried to see which car was yours. You now were close…even the sound of your voice sent chills down my spine. I paced around the room…waiting…then finally I heard it….the knock on the door. How my heart beat faster as I went to look out and see you standing there. I remember thinking, "Wow such a sensual man!" 

I slowly unlocked the door and smiled as you walked in. You were finally… here! Then, hesitantly, we were in each others arms…hugging…and you kissed me. I knew it was the beginning of a fantastic weekend…and wondered…could you hear my thoughts. Even in those first few moments….something awakened …did you know this? How you set my senses afire?

Then I walked on in the room….and sat on the edge of the bed…and asked if you wanted to sit down too. As you sat next to me and we talked a few minutes….your question stunned me just a little. You asked…."Am I going to have to take care of you before we go to dinner?" This embarrassed me some…but yes….I wanted you to take care of me. 

We began to kiss….slowly touch…and then our kiss deepened and we lay back on the bed. Soon you were undoing my white silky blouse….then my bra as I was on top of you. Hands roaming…and then when your lips found my breasts…my nipples….I almost cum just by your exquisite touch. How I moaned…loud…and I didn't care how loud. I needed you so much. We kissed …and with each kiss….I felt I couldn't get enough of your mouth… your sweet lips. Teasing my lips as you pulled…and then kissed more. I held you close and I wanted more. Your kisses left my mouth…slowly making your way down my tummy…by now you were pulling my pants off. I was so wet…so hot…I can't remember now at what point you removed my panties….your mouth was kissing my clit…down…further….kissing…tongue moving…to open my pussy lips. I gasped as you began to tease my inner depth with your tongue. Oh baby how I needed you inside of me. Then I cum…and cum…as your tongue worked it's magic on my pussy.

Did I beg you to fuck me? Or did I just think it? Words I don't normally use seemed so natural with you. Your body soon moved over mine again and then your clothes disappeared too. I could feel your hardness next to me. But I was soon to find out…that your teasing…had only just begun. Your kisses again teased my lips….and I held your head…hands roaming through your hair.

More teasing…as you again played with my nipples…they were so hard. Your hands explored…touched…ignited so many fires inside of me. I felt free within your arms. And with each orgasm….I felt that I needed another…..each one…the plateau of pleasure was even more intense.

At what point did I touch your cock? All I know is that your cock …felt soooo good. And I wanted it in my mouth…to taste you…tease you. Mmmmm your cock is fabulous baby….can you still feel my lips as I wrapped them around you for the first time? Feel my hot breath….lingering…..kissing your cock….such a wonderful cock baby.

Then when you slid your hard cock inside of my pussy…and began to slowly make love to me….it was….so….beautiful. I had never felt this way and the intensity of each release…one right after another….made the tears start flowing….yes I cried….and I could not stop. The depth of emotion I felt at those moments….was like none I've ever felt before. And the fleeting thought passed through my mind…will I ever feel this again? The sharing and giving of such sweet passion….as two souls united for moments of the purest and most beautiful pleasure two humans can share? I was lightheaded… with such a floaty feeling that I knew if I tried to stand…I would not be able to do so.

Then your lips….captivating mine again….such languorous teasing kisses. I was on fire again…and yes…I needed….more….again…now. Were you surprised baby at just how much passion you unleashed? How I seemed to be so insatiable? 

As our….breathing….began to return to a normal state…it was time to shower. You asked…if I had ever had my hair washed in the shower. And I was so surprised… for I've never shared this before….another first for me. As we stepped into the shower and you gently…washed my hair…and every inch of my body….I could have cried then too. For you made me feel…like a princess. I've never felt so pampered in my life.

Then we dressed for dinner….and I had brought a special dress…one that I would not wear a bra with….crissed-crossed back that fit snug through the bust yet the hips became fuller…flaring in sensual array….small buttons down the front. The look on your face still makes me smile….for I could tell not only by your words…but by the look in your eyes….that you liked it. I left my hair curly and unruly. I felt so wanton…and I wanted to please you again. Ahhh but first, we needed nourishment.

Dinner was so sweet too….I liked the way that you sat next to me…not only then…but every time we dined. I liked the way ….your hand crept between my legs to tease me…unbuttoning one of the buttons. I felt self-conscious, yet I loved this feeling in public. I was still being shy about this….but inside….I was screaming that this is what I wanted…what ….I needed. After dinner…walking down to your car ….you pulled me to you on the elevator…in the parking garage. You know, the thought even went through my mind…that you may want to make love down here….secretly… I almost hoped we would. But I was rather shy and you didn't push it. I think now… should you have? I wouldn't have objected.

The night seemed to go on and on….loosing track of time as we again enjoyed each other. Falling asleep in your arms felt so good. I felt totally content.

During the night…..early morning hours….which of us woke first I do not remember. But feeling you reaching for me….as I did you….enjoying early morning sex and falling back to sleep…was marvelous.

Feather light kisses upon my lips awakened the fire within me…even deep in slumber I was on fire. Was it a dream or did I really feel you….no dream as I soon felt your hands teasing my body….moving down my breasts…cupping each one to be followed by your lips. Ahhhhh how enticing this was. To feel your lips gently pulling and tugging on my nipples as my back arched making me moan…more more more. I was still half awake….languishing in that medium between sleep and awakened state … as I felt your hand moving further down my tummy….my legs opening without any conscious thought or effort. Your fingers working magic as you began to rub me. 

Then I felt you move as I tried to open my eyes ….realizing that you had already blindfolded me hindering my sight. I smiled a sleepy smiled as I tried to speak to you. Your finger immediately covering my lips with a whisper close to my ear….

"Shhhhhhhhh Baby…just …..feel…and…..enjoy."

I felt you leave the bed for a few moments….my curiousity peaked as I turned my head… trying to follow your movements. 

"What are you doing baby?" I whispered….afraid to speak any louder lest all this would truly turn out to be a dream.

The only sound I heard was a soft humming noise and I tried to place the sound. Then I felt you close to me again….whispering in my ear…

"I am going to capture ‘us' together….so you can see later how you look… when your reach your orgasms…"

The thought…your voice….sent chills over my body. I could almost see your smile at my reaction. The image of us being video-taped was uppermost in my mind making me quite self-conscious. But as soon as your lips once again began to caress my body…igniting the fires of desire….the video camera set up just a few feet away from the bed was soon forgotten. I was lost in the passion of your lovemaking. 

Yes, I moaned and begged you to consume me….crying out your name each time I felt your tongue flicking across my clit…sending tingles from head to toe. I needed you inside of me….this was such sweet torture…being denied the very thing that I craved… that I begged for…that I needed more than anything. My breathing was hard as I moaned ….

"Please Baby….now…plleeassseeeeee….."

Then I felt your lips close to my ear again whispering….teasing me….

"Tell me….exactly….what you want….what you need….tell me….say it…"

I swallowed hard trying to breath and speak at the same time…as my body and mind tried to reason together. All I could do is moan as I felt the tears behind my blindfold. Did you smile as you watched me trying to speak? Ahhhh yes…your hand again… caressing the insides of my legs….more yes baby I cried in my mind….was I whimpering….mingled with moans….you knew exactly how close you had me and yet….were denying me at the same time.

As your fingers teased the smoothness of my nether lips I could no longer contain the fires so deep within. I screamed as your fingers sought the inner warmth and began to move within me….deeper …and …faster….and harder. I was…. Cumming….

"Ahhhhhhhhhhh yeessssssssssssssss…….." I screamed. Your lips claiming mine as your fingers never stopped…riding those waves as my pussy juices coated them…my arms….clinging to your neck.

Then I felt your fingers pulling away from me….and yes….I moaned again at the emptiness I felt and still desired….only to feel them opening my lips as you spoke softly….

"Taste Baby…."

Opening my lips I began to suck on each of your fingers…tasting as I heard you chuckle at my greediness. Again your voice as began to tease my nipples with your lips. My body reacted instantly as I arched against you….wanting…more.

You removed the blindfold… and gently pulled me on top of you. Still, I paid no attention to the camera capturing our every move. Thinking back now, I believe you never forgot about the camera. The positions you had me in ….always …aimed directly at the lens…every movement captured forever within the lens. 

You lay upon your back now….softly whispering again…telling me what you now desired and wanted me to do. As I moved by your side…you lifted my hair … watching as my mouth began to tease your body….ahhhh yes….I did exactly as you did…for it was now…'my' turn…to tease. Mmmmmmmmmm how I liked this part.

You lifted my hair to watch my tongue as I traced it down your body…to each leg and then….back up….never touching your cock that now was aching for a kiss…a touch…anything….ahhhh isn't it sweet torture for you baby….as it was for me?

I moved positions…to now kneel between your legs….as my fingers began to simultaneously run up the insides of your legs…I smiled as I watched your cock grow even more. Did I moan? Ahhh yes…I wanted to feel that hard cock inside my wet pussy…I need it….but…….not yet.

I looked into your eyes….as I began to lower my mouth…closer…closer….my tongue reaching out….to……..

(to be continued).....