 It's Friday afternoon, she's been reading and rereading the emails he has sent over the last couple of days. The emails are so wonderfully delicious and have her sexually aroused and aching for his touch. As she reads his email for the 3rd, 4th or 5th time (she's lost count), she feels the moisture in her panties and the ache in her lower belly. The foreplay of the mind has gotten her soooo horny, so much so it almost hurts.

Rushing home from work, she gets the kids fed, packed and off to their father's for the weekend. She is free of responsibilities until Saturday night. 

With the kids gone and in anticipation of the night ahead, she pours herself a hot bath....while standing there horny and aroused from his emails, she contemplates her favorite form of masturbation (under the water faucet), but decides against it; she want that fire put out by him.

As the water is running for her bath, she decides to trim the hairs that have grown on her pubic mound over the last couple of days. She straddles the toilet seat and begins to methodically trim away the hairs .

He once told her he preferred the airstrip/runway to clean shaven. She had researched the internet to try and find what he preferred. She never asked if she got it right....she'll have to remember to ask. She thinks to herself that maybe sometime, with increased comfort and familiarity with each other, maybe she should let her pubic hair grow out slightly and let him trim it to his liking....but then she wonders if he would even enjoy such a thing....she is still trying to get to know him.

Slowly and carefully, she shaves away all the hair around her anus, off her lips and to the side of the symbolic airstrip. She can't believe how wet she is....accidentally brushing past her clit as she trims away the hairs, she feels that all knowing tingle. She smells her sexual essence. And she again contemplates taking matters into her own hands, but again she decides to leave it for his extinguishing.

Trimming done, she climbs into the tub.....the warm water feels so good on her clean shaven pussy. Just bringing further attention to the tension building inside her. She lathers up her legs and underarms, and shaves them smooth. Then finding the sweet smelling body gel, she lathers up her whole body. Slowly massaging the soap into her skin. Slowly rubbing up and down her arms, her legs, her belly, her breasts. At some point she realizes that she is no longer just bathing, but actually massaging and touching herself. She has closed her eyes to the scent of the body gel, the warmth of the water with her feather like touches....she imagines those hands being his hands. Feeling his touch. She traces her body noticing what is uniquely hers (the two moles on her inner thigh, the mole under her right arm and yes even her stretch marks) and paying particular attention to the fact that her nerve endings feel as if they are exposed, sensitive to her touch....her skin tingling. She moves down to her pubic area and shudders, letting out a moan, as she feels the contraction in her belly and knows she must stop if she is to save it for him. 

Her legs shaky and her body trembling, she slowly gets herself out of the tub and towel dries her body. All the hot water, her body is dehydrated so she pulls out the jar of body butter. Wanting her skin to be soft, she massages the body butter into her legs, her arms, her buttocks, her belly and her chest. Again, imagining his fingers all over her body.....keeping the fire burning with in her.

As she applies her make up and does her hair, she chuckles to herself, wondering if he knows the fucking he is in for. She recalls his emails and his wishes keeping them all forefront in her mind she keeps her self wet and horny for him.

She puts on a pair of lacy black panties and her matching lacy black bra. With her clean shaven pussy , the panties rub against her clit, she is much more sensitive to the feel of the fabric on her skin. Her nipples are hard and sensitive with anticipation and the fabric from her bra rubbing against her nipples sends a tingle through her body. 

She packs her over night bag with only a few items....toothbrush, clean panties for the next day, a nighty that she really doesn't use, but places in there for precautions and her vibrating bullet (a girl never knows when she might use it). She notices the lubricant is still in her bag from one of her last visits, it wasn't used...leaving it in her bag, she knows she will likely not use it this time either, he has a way of arousing her that she provides more than enough of her own juices for anything they may attempt to do.

It is 9:00 and she is ready to go. She drives to the country western bar where she is to meet him. She walks into the club and sees him standing there waiting for her. He has on the wranglers that she likes so much....damn he has one fine ass. She can't wait to put her hands on his ass and pull him in to her. 

He escorts her to the back where they find a table and begin to catch up on each others lives. Small talk. Funny, as intimate as they are in the bedroom, they really don't know each other very well. 

They go out onto the dance floor and he guides her into a progressive dance. She loves the way he dances and loves moving on the floor with him.....a little self conscious, she slips up a time or two, but he gently pulls her right back in to the moves....reminding her of the count and steps. As she regains her comfort, he adds moves and she is pleased that she is able to move into them effortlessly. A couple more dances and the song shifts to something slow. He pulls her close and as they dance, she can feel his hardness against her leg. She smiles to herself and lays her head in his shoulder....closing her eyes she melts into his body feeling his every move. Wrapped in his arms nothing else matters at that moment except his body against hers. She doesn't want the song to end. His warmth, his strength enveloping her. They kiss....she is so lost in his kiss and in the feel of his body next to hers that she has tuned out and forgotten there is anyone else on the dance floor....she is lost in this world of him. She continues to feel him growing harder against her leg.

The song does end, sensing his urgency and wanting to really send a thrill through him, she steps out of your comfort zone and decides to be the aggressor and surprises him by whispering in his ear....."Take me home Chad. Please take me home and fuck me." With that he smiles, pulls her tight into him, kisses her hard and they leave in haste.

They arrive back at his place, and walking in the door, he barely gets the garage door shut before he turns to her, again kisses her hard and then with his hands on her shoulders pushes her down to her knees, his hard cock protruding from his pants and at her eye level. He tells her "Suck me Judy! Make me cum baby! I want to cum now!" She smiles and obliges. Fumblingly to get his pants undone, she can not get them off quick enough. He helps and as his pants drop to the floor, his big cock springs out from his clothing, free from its bondage. She kisses the head of his cock and slowly puts it into her warm mouth. "UMMMM" Sliding her tongue around the shaft of his cock, she didn't think he could get any harder, but she feels him growing inside her mouth. She sucks on his cock hard, sliding up and down. He has filled her mouth so fully she almost gags....he is so big, so hard. He's watching her, holding her hair back so he can see her swallowing his cock. "Suck it Judy", she hears him say. "You suck it so good baby." With that she can feel her juices again. She is sooo turned on. She wants to taste him. She wants to feel him cum. With a sense of urgency, she sucks harder and bobbing her head faster keeps in rhythm with his increasing breath. She pulls away briefly to let him know she wants to taste him; she wants to feel his pleasure...."Cum for me Chad. I want to taste all of you." He lets go, he spews his hot cum all the way down her throat. She smiles to herself and licks every drop of his cum from his still hard dick. 

He lifts her to her feet and pulls her to him. Kissing her long and hard, he tastes his cum on her lips and thanks her. They stand there embrassing for several minutes. When his breathing has stilled, he pulls his pants to his waist and wrapping his arms around hers, guides her back to his room.

From his emails, she knows what's coming next. Can she do this? Expanding her comfort zone again. She is so turned on by the thought, but will her apprehension get in the way?

Once in his room, he helps her out of her boots and then leans in to kiss her again. This time slowly exploring every inch of her mouth. He cups her hard between her legs; she shudders at his touch. Days of anticipation mounting; she is close to exploding! She wants to feel his hard cock inside of her, but knows there is more teasing and foreplay ahead of her.

He begins to undress her, removing her shirt, then her bra, pausing to play with her now rock hard nipples. She shudders again. Her breathing increasing at his touch. He moves down to remove her pants; as he removes her panties, he places a finger inside her hot cunt and notices just how wet she is. "Judy is so hot. Your perfect pussy is so wet!" 

He guides her to the middle of the bed with his finger still deep inside of her, kissing her hard, making her juices flow. She lets out a moan. He reaches to the side of the bed and comes back with the BIG toy and hands it to her. "Fill your cunt up baby." He begins to pull away to slowly undress and to watch as he had promised in his email. Apprehensive, she holds on to him, kissing him hard, a moment of hesitation as she tries to find it within herself to masturbate in front of him...........

....she let's him go. As he stands before her, she slides the toy into her cunt....she is so wet, it slides in with ease. Moving the toy in and out of her pussy, she watches him undress revealing his handsome body....all the while, he is watching her bury that toy deep with in her cunt...hearing the slirping sounds from her very wet pussy. When he finishes undressing, he watches a moment or two more saying "Fuck it Judy, Fuck your pussy Judy" He then climbs into the bed. She can hardly contain herself, waiting for him to keep his promise. Tremors rip through her body as she feels his hot breath on her clit. He begins to Lick and Suck on her pussy.....she finally can take no more. "Chad!...I'm gonna cum! Yes! I'm cumming!" and she bears down and with one huge shudder she releases all her pent up sexual tension as she cums all over his face. Squirting, trembling, shuddering. 

He holds her while she rides it out, talking to her...."Sweet Judy. You cum so good."

...and the night has just begun!