 The house is dark as you pull your car into the driveway, another long day at work is over. The darkness is really nothing new, since you live alone, yet, you can sense something is odd, something isn't normal. After you get out of your car, you approach the front door cautiously, checking the doorknob. And to your surprise, and relief, it's locked. Thinking to yourself you're just imagining things, you unlock the front door and walk into your house. 

Just as you enter the dark house, a slightly familiar scent passes you, and you turn, your brow furrowed slightly. The scent, a soft, almost musky perfume, tickles your nose as you close the door behind you. As the door closes, you feel a hand move against your back, not an intimidating touch, but a lingering, soft touch. Almost as if it's a caress. Of course you jump, you hadn't expected that, and you turn, demanding to know who is here in your house.

A soft "Shhh..." is all you hear, yet you feel a warm breath against your ear as the hand that was at your back slides around your side to press against your stomach. You think for a minute, everything in the house is quiet. You realize who it is, yet you decide to go along with the game. You had forgotten, briefly, that you'd shown me where you kept your spare house key, under a potted plant on your back porch.

You are being moved forwards, not with a force, but with more of an urging, and again a whisper against your ear. "I want you to go upstairs and change your clothes. Put on something comfortable, perhaps shorts and a t-shirt, and then come outside to the backyard. Hurry" The hand slides from you and you can tell that I'm moving away from you, heading to the back of the house.

You hurry upstairs, fumbling with the buttons on your shirt as you do so. And after entering your room, you strip yourself of your shirt and pants, shoes and socks, and then you quickly put on a loose pair of shorts and a plain white t-shirt. Anticipation at what I had planned, and of what the night would bring has you becoming aroused. Your cock becomes semi-hard, making a slight tented bulge in the front of your shorts.

You come downstairs, quickly, yet trying to not show any excitement as you walk through the back door and into the yard. You pause, your jaw dropping in surprise as you see the work I've put into making tonight special. The patio is lit up with what seems like hundreds of candles, all giving off a soft light. There is a blanket lying in the middle of the yard, surrounded by candles, a basket, and a bucket of ice that is cooling a bottle of wine. I'm lying on the blanket, wearing a short silver mini skirt, and a white short sleeved silk top. A provocative grin is on my face as I motion for you to come closer, my eyes roam over your body, drinking it in.

You come towards me, walking slowly, a grin on your lips as well, you can see by the look in my eyes that I want you. Badly. I reach up with my hand, taking yours, and slowly pull you down to where you're kneeling in front of me. The bulge in the front of your shorts is very obvious, and I slowly lick my bottom lip as my eyes linger on the sight, and without a word, I reach out to run my fingers softly over it, feeling your cock becoming a bit harder. You gasp softly and lean forwards, as if to try to lie on top of me, but that's not what I have planned, so I push you away, so that you're sitting on your knees once more.

As I look into your eyes, my hands move to the hem of your t-shirt, and you feel them slowly pushing it upwards. Your stomach is revealed, and then your chest, which I love so much. I move my head towards you, pressing my mouth against your chest, my tongue caressing you softly, moving to flick over your nipples as your shirt is pulled up to your shoulders. You lift your arms, helping me to remove the shirt. The muscles in your arm flex as the shirt falls behind you, and my tongue is still gently licking at your nipple. My hands move to the waist of your shorts and begin slowly pushing them down over your hips. You can feel some of the pressure relieved as your hardened cock springs from the restraints of your shorts. You try to stand up as you feel the shorts being pushed over your hips and down your legs, yet I push you back, to where you're lying on your back on the soft blanket, under the many stars that light the night sky. I sit up, at your side, leaning just enough so my lips can graze your ear, and you hear me whisper, softly "Just lie back and enjoy what I'm about to do for you.......to you" And with a gentle sigh, you comply, resigning to let me do as I wish. You rest your arms at your sides and gently close your eyes...waiting for my first move.

You can hear me reaching into the bucket of ice, and you shudder with anticipation, guessing at what my next move will be. I slide an ice cube into my mouth, letting it linger in my mouth for a few minutes, until it is completely melted and my mouth is ice cold. The whole while I'm doing this, you can feel my nails very lightly grazing the tops of your thighs, reaching so close, yet so far from your straining cock. You lift your hips slightly, arching your body just off of the mat, when suddenly you feel the ice cold tip of my tongue press against the underside of your balls, not moving, just lingering there. If I could, I would grin as I hear your sudden intake of air, and then the slow release of it as you lower your hips back to the blanket. Knowing that I have you at this mercy is turning me on more than I had expected, I can feel myself becoming wet as my want for you grows. 

My tongue begins a slow caress, ice cold and pressed flat against the center of your tightening sack, moving over them, under them...all around them. Anyplace I can lick. God, you taste so good, and your pubic hair had been recently trimmed...just the way I like it. My hand replaces my mouth, and it begins kneading, caressing your balls as you feel my still cool tongue sliding up the underside of your cock, towards the velvety head. I want to feel you in my mouth...I want to fuck your cock with my mouth and taste you as you come deep in my throat. As my mouth slides up to the head of your cock, I can taste a bit of precum. I slide my tongue over the head of your cock, gathering the sweetness into my mouth, savoring every taste. Damn you taste so good, I want more. And more I will have. Your breathing begins to come a bit faster, and you moan out my name as you feel my lips wrapping around your cockhead, pulling you slowly into my cool, wet, tight, and wanting mouth. 

My mouth begins to slide slowly up and down the length of your cock, my nose brushing against your pubic hair, the head of your cock hitting the back of my throat with each downwards slide. As my pace increases, so does your breathing, and under the thrusts of my mouth on your cock, I can feel you tensing slightly, lifting your hips off of the blanket. I know you're about to come, and oh how I want to feel it fill up my mouth and slide down my throat. I want to taste every drop of you. Your hands, which have been at your sides since I began my play, now reach into the back of my hair, holding my head in place as you thrust deep into my mouth, and with a few grunts and moans, I taste the salty-sweetness of your come filling my mouth, and then as you loosen your grip on my hair, I pull my mouth up your cock, slowly pulling my lips from it as I let your hot come slide down my throat.

I sit back and look down at you. Lust for you written all over my face, and I can feel my wetness spreading between my legs. I'm so wet and ready for you, yet, I continue to hold off. I stand, slowly, slipping off my shoes as I take a step away from you. The whole time, you stare at me, having yet to say a word to me. My fingers begin to unbutton my silk top, exposing my braless breasts, and as the cool night air hits them, my nipples harden into little nubs, standing at attention, just waiting to be touched, licked, or sucked. I slide my shirt over my shoulders, and let it fall to the ground behind me before I slowly push my skirt down over my hips, letting it fall down my legs to gather at my ankles. 

And as I stand there, totally naked in front of you, you can see the dampness that has gathered between my legs, glistening in the moonlight. You sit up and rest yourself on your elbows as I step over you with one leg, straddling over you. I reach one hand behind your head, pulling your face towards my pussy. With no resistance, you bring your mouth to my dampened lips, probing my slit with your tongue. My hips quiver slightly as your touch feels so good, so wanted. 

As you feel the quivering, your tongue probing becomes more of a gentle massage or a caress. Your tongue slides up and down my slit, careful not to touch my clit...coming close enough to tease me. I bury my fingers in the back of your hair, pulling you closer as I press my hips outwards. The gentleness of your tongue so arousing, the anticipation so close to sending me over the edge. I moan out as your hands reach up to brace my hips, a gentle urging as you suddenly wrap your lips around my clit and begin sucking it, flicking your tongue quickly back and forth over the tip of it. 

Oh God, I can feel the pit of my stomach warming, tingling, every nerve ending comes alive as I feel the familiar pressure between my legs. I was going to come, and there was no place better to come than in your mouth. My hips begin to buck lightly, my legs tremble as I cry out, coming into your wanting mouth. My juices flow, and you manage to lick every drop, not missing a single drop. As my orgasm subsides, I lower myself to your still semi-hard cock, rubbing my wet pussy against it as I lean over, kissing you passionately, our tongues dancing fiercely with each others. 

I can feel your cock growing, hardening even more than I had thought it could, being sandwiched between my wet lips. I break from the kiss and look into your eyes, whispering softly "I want you inside of me...now". And with that, you grip my hips once more, lifting me off of you briefly, only to roughly pull me back down at the same time you thrust your hips. You enter me so quickly, so passionately, I can't help but cry out.

The moment being so animalistic, any mood of romance was gone...I just wanted to fuck. I wanted to be fucked by you. I grip your hips with my thighs, pushing downwards with each of your fierce upward thrusts. The rhythm is fast, hard, just the way I like it. I grind my hips against yours as I ride you, fucking you as if it were the one and only time this would ever happen. I can't get enough of you...I want more. You must have read my mind, because you suddenly lifted me off of you and roughly roll me over onto my hands and knees, my ass in the air. You get up on your knees and grab my hips once more to pull me back, impaling me on your long, hard cock. Oh God, I can feel it in my throat as you enter me so deeply from behind. The only sounds are the sounds of our mixed moans, grunts and whimpers, and the sound of our skin slapping against each other. Such an erotic sound. 

You lean over me, lying over my back as you continue pumping your cock in and out of my slick pussy, never once breaking the fast and rough rhythm you've created. I feel your fingers rubbing at my clit, quickly, with no mercy. I begin whimpering, crying out loudly as you feel my pussy quivering around your cock. I was coming again, so hard, my whole body shaking. I feel you slamming deep inside of me once more at the same time you let out a loud moan. I can feel your cock twitching and throbbing as you come so deep inside of me. So much come that I can feel it seeping from my pussy and down the inside of my leg. You slowly pull your dick from me, but my swollen pussy clings to it, making you pull out so much slower than you had wanted. I moan, as do you at the sensation, and you thrust once more inside of me, remaining buried as deep as possible. 

We both lower ourselves to the blanket, not wanting to break the moment, and you stay inside of me, your arms around me as we turn to the side, my back to your front. I can feel your cock softening as we lie there, yet we remain as we are. I feel a soft kiss against my shoulder and I smile, turning my head just enough so that I can see you. I smile softly before closing my eyes, a gentle sleep soon coming over both of us as we lie there, our bodies as one.