 I hope you enjoy this erotic fantasy based upon two people, Tres and Steffie, who became friends on the Internet.  This first part includes an introduction to the characters and ends with their first meeting in person after a very long distance Internet romance.

Part I

What a long agonizing day. When I travel I hate how the minutes can sometimes seem like hours.  My normal course of action is to board the plane and try to go to sleep immediately. I call it my "suspended animation" approach to air travel.  Go to sleep and wake up at my destination. But, today was different, really different! First of all, a flight from Costa Rica to Belgium is not your routine flight. I had boarded my plane at 6:00 A.M. Costa Rican time, and would not arrive in Brussels until 10:40 A.M. Belgium time, which is eight hours ahead of Costa Rica.  This was a twenty-hour trip! Besides all of this, I could not get the thoughts of Steffie out of my mind. I knew that today there would be little sleep, only anticipation.

As I settled back into my seat, I began to relive the past weeks of our relationship.  I thanked God that I stumbled onto Steffie while surfing the Internet.  Looking back I can't recall exactly why I went to the Adultfriender chat room, maybe I was just bored. But boy am I glad I did.  Just the thought of Steffie heightened the anticipation of this trip, and made me conscious of the arousal my body had felt so many times in recent weeks.

As the hours crept by, I relived the hours of email and instant chat. The smile that came to my face was close to a laugh out loud. If anyone were watching me surely they would think I was some kind of a nut. My smile broadened. Quick thoughts came to my mind. "What will she really look like?  Will she be as wonderful in person as she had been through our vicarious experience?"  I brushed those thoughts aside and recalled that we were to meet outside the customs area. We had become fast friends in a very short time.  This was not exactly what I had originally envisioned from an Internet experience. There was something coming from this woman's heart that soothed my soul. Now I was on my way to visit her for the first time. All of these thoughts merged and I drifted in and out of a very restless sleep.

The plane shuddered lightly as the pilot lowered the flaps in preparation for the final approach.  My heart beat faster and I wanted to be there more than ever. I was incredibly conscious of what a long day this had already been particularly with the eight-hour time difference. It was now mid morning in the skies over Belgium. I reset my watch to local time and prayed my bodily clock would follow suit. The long day made me really glad I had been putting in those extra hours at the gym and on my bike. Somehow I knew I would need my strength.

When we pulled into the gate, I leaped from my seat to be first into the aisle. As soon as the cabin door opened I was out of there like a racehorse out of the starting gate. People had to think I was nuts, but I didn't care. I found my way to the baggage claim area. While I was the first to arrive, it made no difference since we had to wait for the bags to be unloaded from the plane.  Soon the claim area was teaming with people from my plane.  Finally, after what seemed like forever, the baggage carousel began to move. I waited and watched as seemingly everyone picked up his or her bags. What a day for my bags to be the last ones to come down the slide!  Finally, bag in hand I headed for the lines in customs and immigration.

There was a glass wall separating customs from the waiting area outside. There were lots of people out there but no one who looked like Steffie. My mind played tricks on me, "maybe she would not come," I thought to myself.  My self-doubt was soon erased as I saw what had to be Steffie enter the area. Finding her was easy because she was the only other person there with a grin as big as mine. Yes, this had to be her.  We approached each other like two magnets. I had rehearsed this moment a thousand times, and now I forgot what I had intended to do.  Should I hug her? We introduced, without touching, but she stood so close I could smell her lovely fragrance. She looked so radiant, so alive. This was real life and it was already better than any dream I had ever had. 

When we exited the door to the outside, we had a fairly long walk to where her car was parked. We didn't say much as we walked but ironically we reached out for each other's hand at exactly the same time.  How often things like this had happened online, now it was happening for real. We said nothing as I placed my bag in the trunk and took my place beside her in the front seat. "What do you want to do," she asked, followed quickly by "Are you hungry?" I was hungry all right, hungry with anticipation of what the next hours and days would bring.  She pulled away from the parking area and out into traffic.  It was a gorgeous day, mostly because I had finally made it here. I felt myself begin to relax. The warmth of the sun on my face felt good and reminded me this was actually happening.

Instead of taking the expressway, she took the local roads, which helped give me a flavor for the countryside. After about twenty-five minutes of driving she said "I know a great place for lunch."  We drove on, now beginning to feel more comfortable with each other. We had become soul mates over the past months, and the natural air that existed between us on the computer took over in person. I felt like I had known Steffie forever. In short order she pulled into the small parking area of a quaint country inn.  She said, "There's a quiet little restaurant behind the hotel with a lovely terrace and a beautiful little garden." We walked through the entrance and she stayed so close, occasionally letting her dress and left arm brush against me. My heart was pounding. As we exited the back, it was as if we had entered another world. There was a quiet array of tables spaced adequately so that each had an appropriate amount of privacy. It was a glorious day. The garden was beautiful and Steffie was as radiant as the sun.

We sat down and I ordered two Scotch on the rocks. I was putting my Internet knowledge to work. We began to talk like two old college friends who hadn't seen each other in years.  I was so comfortable and so aroused by this woman.  Several times during the conversation she would brush her soft hand briefly against my arm or my thigh. I returned the gentle overtures and soon we felt ourselves freely touching, placing a friendly hand on a knee, or a thigh, or simply holding hands. .  You could sense the electricity and the anticipation travel between us.  Although her dress was conservative, I could sense her arousal by the way her nipples made little peaks in the fabric. It was obvious that she had chosen something conservative, and yet had consciously not worn a bra. The energy was so strong between us that I consciously moved my napkin into my lap to hide my now growing erection.  This was more perfect than I could ever have imagined.

When we were almost finished with our second cocktail she said to me "Come with me, I want to show you the inside of the inn." We got up and strolled across the terrace and back through the door we had exited only an hour ago.  This time, however we turned down a different hallway and just as we came to the end she grabbed my hand and pulled me inside one of the rooms, quickly shutting the door. I was so excited I thought I would explode.  We embraced each other, and experienced a kiss I shall remember for the rest of my life. I stroked her cheek softly with my hand and felt her tongue expertly caress my own. It felt so good to finally have her in my arms and her kisses turned out to be even better than I had imagined. . As I was to learn later, she had made arrangements to leave the door unlocked as part of her surprise. I loved the forward nature of this woman.

She grabbed my hand again and pulled me softly to the bed at the back of the room. I loved the aggressive self-assured nature of this woman. "I have made arrangements to spend our first night together here," she said. The afternoon sunlight that streamed into the room through the large window gave the space an eerily romantic atmosphere. As we lay down I remember thinking there is no way get as close to this woman as I want. As I moved as close as I could, I could feel her hand now gently touched the outside of my bulging pants. It felt better than I could ever imagine.  She whispered softly in my ear "Take me Tres. You can't believe how much I want you now that we are finally together. Take me like I have anticipated every night since we first met."  

This was not the kind of experience I wanted to rush into.  Since I had waited so many months for us to finally meet in person, I wanted to savor every last second, every tender kiss. My fingers found the buttons on the front of her dress, but instead of simply unbuttoning them I let my hands wander to other yet unexplored areas.  Her kisses were so passionate and erotic that I knew I had to savor every second we were experiencing. At the same time my mind was telling me to go slow and savor every last detail, that other voice in me was saying, "What! Are you crazy!  If you don't get on with this process I'll have you declared legally insane."

The voice seemed to win and I began to undo the buttons on her dress. I could feel her gorgeous firm breasts responding accordingly. It was one thing to imagine them over the Internet; it was sheer joy releasing them from her dress.  I thought back to how many times I had imagined her breasts in my mind.  I had often told her that breasts were very erotic to me and she teased me back telling me that hers were very nice.  After one of our first contacts she had tauntingly e-mailed me a photo of a pair of naked breasts from some random website with the accompanying statement. "These are not mine, but they very easily could be."  I recalled how that photo and little statement had given me an instant erection upon receiving them.  They were a perky set of full 36 D's. Now my imagination was about to learn the truth.

As I undid the remaining buttons, I felt her grasp my belt and deftly begin undoing my zipper.  My cock pounded in unison with my chest. Her touch felt so good. We were both so heightened by the weeks of anticipation. I loved her touch, the feel of her soft skin, her erect nipples, and the deep soft wet kisses. Perfectly wet, long kisses that I had dreamed of ever since our first exchange of words. I thought about that lovely mouth and what it would feel like elsewhere.

Once the remaining buttons on her dress were undone it was simple to raise her hips and slip off her now soaked panties. I could sense the moisture from her pubic area as I got her fully naked. I teasingly avoided her soft pouting pussy in an effort to increase her arousal. I knew I was succeeding by the low moans creeping into my ears as she gently bit my ear lobes. "Oh, Tres, You are so wicked to tease me like this."

I hadn't waited weeks for this to rush the process.  I loved giving her pleasure because I knew I would benefit equally.  She continued to stroke my penis in expert fashion. She knew just when to stimulate and just when to back off to heighten my desire. Simultaneously, I sucked on her luscious tits, tits more beautiful than I had ever imagined.  My hands began to roam.  I searched her inner thighs. As my fingers inched higher, her body began to heave upward in response. As I was about to move my hand back down her thighs she grabbed it and put it where she wanted to be stimulated.  I traced the curves of her vagina, and used the moisture flowing from her to lubricate her clit.  When I began soft gentile circles on her clitoris, I thought she would explode. I thrust my fingers gently inside and she pulled my cock close to her body, rubbing it against her thighs. She took the precum from the tip and rubbed it on her nipples. This was true ecstasy.

I let my tongue work its way tenderly toward her navel. I could smell her desire as I inched my way lower. As my tongue found her clit I felt her shudder. I slowly made circles feeling her respond as I went forward. I sucked very gently and found all of the right places. I began to feel her thighs, then her whole body quiver as she exploded into orgasm. She moaned softly, making a conscious effort to restrain herself, as she reached climax.  As I relaxed, and rose back to where I could see her beautiful face, I felt her mouth biting gently on my nipples.  She had removed her hands from my cock. I wanted her touch so much that I slid her hand back to where I so desperately wanted it. By the time I had accomplished this maneuver I felt her soft wet lips take me gently into her mouth. She was so gentile. She sparked such desire. I responded gently by thrusting lightly with my hips. "Steffie, it feels so wonderful, don't stop." She would take the head gently and trace its outline with her tongue.  Then she would put my penis completely into her mouth.  Next she began to suck gently, urging me closer and closer to climax. 

I could take it no longer. I had to place my hard cock where it had wanted to be for months. I pulled her face gently to me while simultaneously rolling her on her back, all the while looking deeply into her beautiful brown eyes.  We both knew what we wanted. I entered her and felt the sensation I had been longing for. There is no substitute for that initial feeling of penetration. She was so wet, so warm, so desirous. I moved in gently at first responding to her pulsating hips.  We were like one. It was as if we anticipated each other's every move. I traced her nipples with my fingers while at the same time enjoying her soft tongue exploring the inside of my mouth. I thrust more deeply responding to her body's direction.  I could feel the quivers begin anew and I could hold back no longer. I began to explode inside of her. We climaxed in perfect rhythm and this time her body quivered from head to toe. It was more wonderful than I could have ever imagined. Our little rendezvous had been consummated in a way I never dreamed possible. I slowly let my energy drain and held her tightly in my arms staying inside to make the feeling last as long as possible.  We were as close as too people can get. What had begun as a dream had finally become reality.  I learned first-hand that this experience had turned out to be more wonderful than even my fondest dream.

As the sunlight dropped lower in the sky, and the room turned to amber darkness, I thought to myself how lucky I had been to stumble upon this woman.  We continued to hold each other in the warmth of our bodies, and the anticipation grew in my heart about what was yet to come, but that my friends is another story.