 To say that she touched him was an understatement. His passion nearly consumed him. He slowly traced circles on her taught stomach. 'Is it possible she drives me this crazy?' he considered to himself. Those luscious hips he thought as he moved his hand over them. She lay there beside him in her bra and stockings talking dirty as he caressed her body. The desire, building again, was reaching a pitch. He would have her.

He had only picked her up at the airport two hours ago. Despite the length of the flight, she came off the plane looking unbelievable. She had obviously dressed to provoke him. Coming from a warm climate it was not uncommon for her to wear a mini-skirt, but in the winter she now got more than her share of looks. To accompany her black mini-skirt she had chosen a form-fitting button down blouse and dark stocking. As soon as he saw her he could feel his cock stiffen. She grinned mischievously, knowing the suffering she was causing. As soon as they meet they hugged deeply and he kissed her intensely – letting his tongue rove throughout her mouth. This only complicated matters further, as his cock was now as rigid as plumbing. She was definitely in a mood, as she nonchalantly caressed his cock through his pants. 'This can't last he thought,' as he ran his hand over her ass.

They made their way out to the car where she provoked him further. They kissed passionately again – exploring each other's mouths. His cock was aching for attention, and as they climbed into the car and continued to kiss, she stuck her hand into his pants and proceeded to caress his aching tool. He moaned "god yes," as he squeezed her firm breasts through her blouse. He reached up under her skirt to discover that she was wearing a garter belt. He shuddered. "You're evil," he said. She grinned that mischievous grin again, as she let him caress her pussy through her panties. He was aching with lust. All at once she stopped, looking around. "Not here," she said as she composed herself. For the moment he bottled his desire, realizing it would blow if not alleviated soon.

Seeing his condition, she decided to prolong his agony by requesting that they go somewhere for coffee. Despite his turmoil, he agreed – flexing his forearm muscles to control his eagerness. They sat in the coffee shop chatting – all the while he was imagining caressing her naked body. He marveled at her every move as if it was all part of some erotic dance; the way she shook the sugar before adding it to her coffee, the way she unconsciously licked her lips as she poured the milk, and the stirring… "that's nearly obscene," he thought to himself. All of her actions were completely unconscious to her, and perhaps more imagined by him, but proved to increase his desire exponentially. He would have her.

Finishing the coffee, they made their way out to the car where, once inside, she leaned over and kissed him deeply while she reached inside his pants and began to fondle his bare balls. He groaned. He reached up her skirt and grabbed her pussy firmly. She ground her pussy into his palm while he buried his mouth in her cleavage. She began jerking him off and then abruptly stopped. "Wait till you get me home," she said. "I'm going to fuck you so hard."

He practically peeled out of the parking lot. She sat up and put on her seatbelt, all the while her hand was still in his pants caressing his cock. "Oh god," he groaned. They were back at his apartment five minutes later and he nearly ran into the building with the luggage. 

Once inside the building she threw him up against the wall and immediately unbuckled his pants, pulling them down to his ankles along with his boxers. He groaned, "yes…" She got down on her knees and began sucking his cock – stroking it up and down with her hand, while caressing his balls with the other. She looked up at him licking the pre-cum from his throbbing member as he felt his orgasm building. Back to rhythmically bobbing up and down, she sucked the tip of his prick until his breath deepened and he spewed his cum down her throat with a loud moan.

Up in the bedroom he pulled her to him and kissed her deeply as he tore open her blouse. She gasped, "oh." He ran his hands down her back while kissing her face and nibbling on her ears and neck. He unzipped her skirt, which fell to the floor at her feet, and kissed her passionately. She leaned into him as he cupped her rounded ass. He drew away and pushed her backward onto the bed.

He reached down; caressing her legs, he tore her panties off. She inhaled deeply. He climbed on top of her and kissed her deeply – thrusting his tongue into her mouth. He squeezed her tits hard, and caressed her sides and stomach. He began to kiss her ears and neck again – kissing his way down to her breasts, which he pulled out of her bra and nibbled on. He kissed his way down to her pussy, caressing her thighs. He thrust his tongue into her pussy while caressing her hips and stomach. She began to caress his head with her hands as she moaned. He ran his hands under her ass and pulled her torso up to him as he began to nibble on her clit. She squirmed. "Oh yes…" she squealed as she shouted his name. He alternately sucked at her clit and pussy in a broken rhythm. She began to buck her hips; her breath quickening she forced his head deeper into her pussy, her thighs tightening. Her muscles began to quiver as her orgasm wracked her body. She cried out, as she tore at his hair. She flushed as the orgasm rushed through her.

Presently, feeling his cock stiffen he grabbed her and pulled her to him – kissing her deeply. He climbed on top and thrust his cock into her wet pussy. She wrapped her legs around him as he thrust into her. He pulled back, grabbed her leg, and rolled her over on her stomach. He began to pump her doggie style, which was his favorite position. He reached around and massaged her clit while pumping her from behind rhythmically. She groaned, "yeah… fuck that pussy!" She began to thrust backwards into his cock tightening her vaginal muscles as their bodies worked towards release. His breath deepening, he groaned into her ear "god what a slut you are… I love fucking that pussy of yours." She reached underneath him and began caressing his balls as he thrust into her. Feeling his orgasm building he slowed his pace and reached underneath her and caressed her breasts while teasing her clit. She responded by thrusting backwards into his cock and crying out "fuck me, fuck me…" He thrust into her harder; her vaginal muscles clenched around his cock and she screamed. Just then he growled thrusting into her and spewing his cum into her pussy.

He awoke feeling the wetness in his boxers. 'Three more days till she arrives' he grimaced. He hated the distance.