 She pulled into the driveway, put the car in park, picked up the bottle of water, draining it of it's contents, quickly checked her makeup in the mirror, ran her fingers haphazardly though her hair, ruffling it some, pulled the keys out of the ignition, dumping them into her purse as she grabbed it and the overnight bag. 

She opened the car door, feeling the cold air waft up her skirt as she stepped out of the car, one leg perched on the driveway, the other still inside the car. She pushed the button to lock it, stepped completely out; stretching her cramped legs and closed the door. 

She felt her tummy flutter, her inside tumble and tingle, her nipples tighten inside her bra, her pussy clench as her thighs pressed together for a brief moment as she walked to his door. 

She went to ring the doorbell when he caught her eye and waved her in with his hand as he was on the phone. A mischievous light forming in her eyes as they danced and her lips forming into a slightly evil grin as an idea formed in her head. She opened the door, walked through his living room and into the kitchen where she dropped her bag and purse; quietly of course as he put his finger to his lips for her to be quiet and rolled his eyes as he continued his conversation on the phone.

She made her way to the bathroom and freshened up, ruffling her hair again, letting it frame her face slightly as the soft curls settled back into place around her shoulders and neck. She popped a breath mint into her mouth and felt it melt against her warm tongue as she applied some lip-gloss; she swallowed as the mint freshness filled her mouth and throat. 

She emerged from the bathroom and peeked around the corner, noticing he was still on the phone, leaning against the kitchen counter in a t-shirt and sweats, hair still a bit wet from the shower he had probably taken right before she had arrived. She would usually stand there, shifting from foot to foot, hands clasped behind her back, patiently waiting for him to get off the phone, waiting for him to make the first move towards her which usually was a hug and kiss saying hi and welcoming her at the same time, but not this time. She was feeling a bit brazen and was horny as hell. 

She could feel her pussy pulse as she approached him. She walked over to him and fell to her knees, linking her fingers into the waistband of his sweats, tugging and pulling them down off his waist and hips, glancing up at him as his eyes initially widened in surprise or maybe even shock at her boldness. He pushed forward from the counter he'd been leaning against just long enough for her to pull his sweatpants from his waist, never once losing his concentration from the ongoing phone conversation. The only part of him that revealed he wasn't fully concentrating on the conversation was his eyes as he glanced down at her, the surprised look fading as a glimmer of lust replaced it. 

She continued to look up at him, awaiting a sign from him for her to stop or a look of annoyance as he was talking on the phone, but none came, so she continued to pull and tug at his sweatpants, slowly revealing his bare flesh. Her gaze wavered away from his as his bare hip came into her view first, a quick intake of breath at seeing it, a lick across her lips before she leaned in and nipped at the skin along his hip, glancing up as she heard him pull in a quick breath and then clear his throat, she briefly stopped and stifled a giggle as he playfully glared down at her. She moved to his other hip she had bared and suckled and licked along the hipbone tracing its outline with her tongue. He didn't falter in his conversation this time but she heard his voice grow a bit deeper and lower. She felt his cock twitch against her chest as she kissed across his tummy. She sat back on her heels and tugged some more, trapping his cock right underneath the rim. She could see it pressing against the material, straining to get released. 

She leaned forward and nuzzled against it with her nose, then her mouth and lips. She heard him suppress another cough as he shifted his legs apart just a bit. She peeked up to check and his eyes were now dark, glazed over in desire, reflecting his lust. She smiled up at him as her hand slid inside the waistband, gently encircling his cock with her fingers and released it from his pants, softly groaning as her tongue flicked across her lips. She could feel her stomach tighten and her pussy squeeze and clench as her thighs rubbed against each other. She didn't care if he was on the phone anymore or what her punishment might be if she continued along this path. The craving to have him in her mouth was too much. She wanted to taste him, lick him, and suckle his hard throbbing cock. 

She pushed the rest of the material down his muscular legs, letting it bunch up at his feet. She inched closer and parted her lips, letting her pink tongue snake out and lick tentatively along the smooth head. Placing her lips just around the tip as her tongue playfully danced along the smooth head and teased at the small slit. 

She quietly moaned in the back of her throat as his musky smell filled her nostrils and a bit of pre-cum dripped onto her awaiting tongue. She could vaguely hear him starting to stutter and stammer through the conversation. 

His hand dropped into her hair and rested upon her head. She whimpered at feeling his touch, even if it was in her hair. Maybe it was his way of instructing her to stop or quit, but she was too far gone to care anymore. 

She changed tactics and let the tip slip from between her lips, swallowing the small amount of pre-cum she had collected. She turned her head and slid the flat of her tongue down the one side of his shaft, stopping to nibble and suckle as she met his groin, she let her fingertips caress lightly against his newly shaven ball sacs, lifting his hardening cock with her other hand as she swept her tongue along the entire bottom of it, only to then turn and lick down the other side. She pulled back only enough to look at his cock, now wet with her saliva. 

She moaned again and looked up. 

His eyes were still focused on her and what she was doing but his look had intensified. His fingers entangled in her locks and pulled her head closer. 

She felt his cock bump against her lips. She immediately opened them and let him slide his cock into her warm wet mouth. She closed her eyes as her tongue played along his veiny flesh, moaning as she suckled his cock into the warm cavern of her mouth. She heard him struggling to talk on the phone, his breath catching here and there as she started to allow his cock in and out of her mouth, the shaft sliding in and out of her pursed wet lips, an occasional graze of her teeth along the underside. 

She felt his grip tighten in her hair, tugging a bit as he started to buck his hips, pushing his cock further in, the tip bumping the back of her throat. She heard him say he had to go and he'd call back later as the phone landed on the counter with a thud. 

His hand joining his other one, entangling his fingers in her tousled hair, controlling her movements as his cock picked up speed and momentum. She slightly rocked on her heels as he fucked her mouth. His grip in hair tightening as he began to shove his cock all the way in, pressing it down her throat. 

She happily relaxed her muscles to accept the tip into her throat. Choking back a gag as the thick girth filled her throat and mouth. His moans turning to groans as he stayed buried in her throat. Her face was snuggled against his groin, nose nestled right against his stomach. Soft breaths were wafting against his skin as she breathed through her nose. 

Her hands were now gently rolling his heavy sacs between her fingers, causing him to moan more and thrust his hips, further embedding his cock in her mouth. She felt his fingers loosen their grip and she pulled back slightly, gasping for breath through her nose as his cock slipped out of her throat, slid past her tongue, grazing the roof of her mouth. Hollowing her cheeks she sucked hard as he pulled out to just the tip, only to thrust it back in again. 

She shifted her position so she was now kneeling instead of being poised on her heels'. Her one hand snaking down the front of her skirt, hoping to somewhat ease the burning ache that was forming in her wet dripping cunt. Her hand stopping right at her bare mound as she felt his warm breath against her ear...

"Nuh uh...no touching...that's mine to take care of later when and if I determine to do so."

The emphasis on 'if' as her body shuddered and her pussy quivered...her soft groan of protest being muffled as he began fucking her mouth again with his now rock hard cock. 

She shifted her concentration from her own cravings to his cock as it picked up speed and momentum. Her mouth was practically drooling as his hands tightened in her locks, completely taking control of the entire situation. She whimpered as she felt his fingers flick across her pert nipple, then grasp it, pinching. She felt warm liquid dribble down her thighs as her inner muscles clenched. 'oh and no cumming either, no matter what I do'; she whimpered as he twisted her nipple, pinching it even harder between his fingers. 

She could feel his cock swell as he fucked her mouth, her tongue flying along his cock as he thrust it in and out of her pursed lips. She inwardly groaned as she felt it twitch against her tongue, each time letting it slip down her throat. 

He every so often just holding it there snug, letting it throb deep in her throat. She wanted him to erupt right there, feel his hot thick white cum spurt and run down her throat, coating it; but she knew he wouldn't allow it and he knew she could suck him for hours if he wanted.

She heard him grunt a few times and at others pulling in raspy breathes. He was close but wouldn't allow himself to topple. She heard his husky lust filled words against her ear...

'Do you want something?" as his fingers cruelly twisted and pulled on her nipple. She groaned and shuddered as she opened her eyes and looked up at him, nodding, his cock deeply embedded in her mouth and throat. 

He could actually see her throat bulge as his girth filled it. He didn't need her nod to know what she craved. He knew but he liked to see her submit. He'd make her beg for him in a bit. He continued to fuck her mouth and throat for a few more minutes. 

He pulled out suddenly as she gasped for a deep breath, quickly swallowing as her mouth was filled with saliva from sucking and licking him for so long. Her entire body hummed and was on fire. Her cunt was sopping wet. She needed to be fucked now.

He knew it. He could tell from the slight sheen of sweat on her flushed skin, from the look in her now dark blue eyes as she gazed up at him, and from her heavy breathing. 

He fell to his knees and pushed her back on hers, grabbing at her shirt and ripping it open, pushing it off of her shoulders, baring her chest, her tits straining at her bra, reaching behind her to unhook it, roughly removing all of it, leaning down to take her red rock hard nipple between his teeth and biting it. 

Her quick intake of breath was followed quickly by a mixture of a moan and a groan as he bit down. Her hand gripping the back of his head as her other one raked down his back. The nails made him bite down even harder. She was shuddering in need pinned beneath him.

His other hand gathered up her skirt, shoving it up her thighs, bunching it at her waist. Trailing his hand up her inner thigh expecting to slip his fingers and hand under her panties to tease and toy with her wet slit. 

He instead found bare hot wet smooth skin under his probing fingertips. His fingers washed up her wet slit to find her clit, coating it with his fingers. He eventually replaced them with his thumb. He was rubbing and pressing against the nub as he shoved two fingers into her wet wanting hole. 

She clutched at his back as a soft scream escaped her lips. 

He murmurs against her tit "No cumming".

She groans in frustration as his fingers work their magic and bring her right to that edge, then withdraw. 

She whimpers as she pants for breath. 

He does this a few times more, bringing her right there, and stopping suddenly. Each time her groan of protest is more pronounced. 

He nibbles up along her chest to her neck and licks, "Tell me what you want!" He was thrusting in 3 of his now drenched fingers while pressing against her throbbing hard clit...

"I need you," her three words of admission.

He withdraws his fingers just a bit and pushes them back in, "you need what?"

Grinding against him she groaned, "I want you!"

He wiggles his fingers inside of her and thrusts them in deeper, "you want and need me to do what? Tell me exactly what you want me to do to you. Tell me you need my cock, here, inside of you!" as he said as his fingers fucked her harder and faster. He nibbled and breathed against her ear before softening his voice to whisper, "tell me you want and need me to fuck you"

She again whimpers and raises her hips against his invading fingers...she's close...she knows it and so does he...she struggles for her words.

He withdraws and holds his fingers right at her sopping hot entrance....he can actually feel the heat radiate from her quivering cunt.

She softly moans in a lustful ache. 

So, he repeats his request upon her ear in his soft sexy demanding whisper, "tell me...now!"

She utters softly, "I want your cock."

"Tell me where you want it. Tell me you want me to fuck you."

She hesitates and he rams his fingers back into her...she body quakes with need. She relents. "I want you to fuck me with your cock" she utters through pants of breaths.

He pushes it with the words, "beg me and tell me how much you want me to fuck you, how badly you need me to fuck you"

She can't think. She's overcome with lust and wanting. She reaches and grabs him by the back of his head and looks at him. "I want you to fuck me with your cock, hard and fast, make me explode all over it, soaking your balls!"

He groans and quickly moves in front of her, grabs his rock hard cock and positions it at her entrance. He doesn't even hesitate as he feels the heat hit the tip, her slick wet bare lips make contact, he thrusts in hard, burying his entire length into her spasming pussy, her muscles clamp down as her nails dig into his shoulders. 

He murmurs against her neck. "Not yet." Sinking his teeth into the juncture of her neck, "don't you dare cum yet." 

She groans but obeys and holds back.

He begins to pull out and thrust in so they can both look down and see his cock, slick and shiny covered in her juices, sliding in and out of her pussy. 

The sight alone sends her reeling. 

He reaches up with both of his hands and cups her tits, squeezing, mauling them before taking both her nipples between his fingertips, pinching them. He groans as he feels her inner muscles squeeze, clench and grip his cock as his fingers tighten...he pulls back till just his tip is at her entrance, her folds sucking him back in, almost as if they are begging, he slowly pushes in and pulls out.

She whimpers, "please..."

"Please what?" he asks. Already knowing what the response will be.

"Fuck me!....harder! Hard and fast...pleeea..." Her last few syllables being cut off because she is absorbed by how his is cock ramming her wanton pussy.

He feels her muscles ripple along and around his entire shaft, "Cum...now!!!" he demands. 

She bursts and screams as her orgasm erupts deep inside of her and she floods his cock and balls. 

He moans as he feels the hot liquid spurt from her cunt and splash upon his sacs.

She continues to moan and groan and whimper as her orgasm rolls over her, more and more fluid flooding out, soaking both of them.

As he starts to feel her calm down, he pulls out and tells her to flip over onto her stomach. 

She shifts and lies against the cold floor, her flesh on fire. 

He pushes her skirt up over her ass, exposing it and settles himself between her legs. 

She pushes up and backs up a bit, expecting him to slide back into her still quivering pussy. 

He places a hand upon her ass cheek and pulls, placing his wet coated cock at her ass, and he presses and pushes the tip into her tight entrance. 

She moans and wiggles, pushing back against him as he sinks his dick into her tight hole, hitting that first rim of resistance. She inhales a quick raspy breath. Eventually, she expels it with a yelp as his hand comes crashing down upon her ass cheek. She moans and wiggles more as the heat radiates on her flesh, she feels his cock push past the tight rim and she groans as she feels his cock filling her ass. 

He spanks her a few more times and she presses back against him until his entire length is sunk into her hole, stretching it, her now pink warm ass nestled against his thighs. He softly moans at feeling the heat against him and drops a few more well placed smacks, turning the pink to red. 

Her cunt clenches with each smack. 

He can feel the quiver. His hands move to her hips and grip them, holding her there, letting her adjust to his entire cock being in her ass...he hears her utter, "fuck me." 

He pulls back just a bit and pushes his cock back into her tight ass, "Oh fuckkkkkkkk,' she groans, "pleeease, oh god, pleeease...just fuck me..."

He grins and starts up a rhythm of fucking her, an occasionally smack or two or three with his hands upon her now red ass cheeks, increasing his pace and speed...he feels her body quake and quiver beneath him...he feels his cock twitch and swell as he fucks her tight ass...he starts to grunt and breathe heavily.

She clutches at the floor as she cries out, "I'm gonna cum!"

He rams himself into her ass, groans loudly, leans over and sinks his teeth into her shoulder blade.

She screams his name. 

His cock spurts out massive amounts of hot cum into her quivering ass.

She can feel her hot liquid pool beneath the two of them as his dick quivers in her ass, emptying itself into her...she tightens up a few more times as each orgasm hits producing more and more liquid.

He finally rolls to his side pulling her along with him.

His cock still in her ass as she turns to look at him and grins and states, "um, I think I soaked your floor."

He playfully tweaks a sore nipple, swatting her backside while retorting, "and I just mopped it too. Bad girl." Swatting her other cheek, "we'll have to come up with a suitable punishment." 

She grins even more as she nips his nose, "oh I'm sure you'll come up with something appropriate and suitable'...squeezing his cock with her ass muscles as he groans against her shoulder.

Snaking an arm around her waist, pulling her to him, they lay there longer snuggling.