 "Come here!" Quickly my wrists are taken hold of and tied behind my back with what feels like a soft silken scarf.

You announce, "I want to see your ass up high in the air."

"Bend over!" You gently lower me over your knees with your hand on the back of my neck as you sit on the ground. Then to make a stronger statement you hold my wrists tight against my lower back, even though I'm tied up, covering my dragon tattoo. I wait for what is to come.

"Spread your legs!"

As I do, the palm of your hand lands heavily on my bare white ass, first onto one cheek and then onto the other. I do my very best not to let out a squeal.

You tenderly caress my bum with your fingers in long slow loving strokes. Just as I begin to think about relaxing, you slap me again. Caressing, you rub my cheeks soothing my stinging skin and spank me again, over and over repeatedly. I'm kept tense after each fondling never knowing when you are actually going to be done. I love it. I think you are enjoying the experience too. I wonder how you learned to spank like that in a way which gave the recipient so much excitement.

I realize it surprised me how forcefully you told me to bend over and spread my legs but I naturally obeyed with a small smile. I had no idea you liked to be in control but I'm excited at the thought of being your submissive partner. Inspecting to see how wet I am, you must like to see the moisture inside my pussy lips. I feel vulnerably exposed as you study my private parts for the first time. I breathe heavily not wanting to move. You pick me up off your knees, raise my head with a hand under my chin, smile and gently kiss my red lips.

We are sitting together in a wide grassy clearing at the edge of a black forest at the soft base of a large oak. Many of the maple trees' coloured leaves have already dropped to the ground but it's too dark to tell how many. They coat the damp soil providing an outdoor bed. Surprisingly, the autumn air is still very warm. The world we came from no longer exists; it is only us now, finally.

On previous occasions when we had seen each other amongst friends, I wanted to be with you more. I am very attracted to you. I believe I have now experienced love at first sight. Ever since we met for the first time, I have dreamed up ways that I could get closer to you.

I'm glad we were able to have a few moments alone at the last party we attended together. Without saying a word, you cornered me and kissed me. I was so happy! I had no idea you felt the same way about me as I have fantasised about you. I am so lucky; I now know you desire me too.

Since we decided to have this secret date, away from the prying eyes of our respective partners, I've been dreaming and anticipating every night about what it will be like to have sex with you. The teasing fantasies you have written to me as flirtatious foreplay has left me craving your body even more than I had before. So much so, that after reading your letters, I have secretly snuck off to bed, earlier than usual just to be alone, so I can release the immense sexual tension that has mounted in my aching clit. My fingers wiggled me to explosive orgasms every time as my mind pretended it was your tongue licking and sucking me off. Recently I found when daydreaming about you I wasn't getting enough satisfaction, so whilst waiting to hear from you between your messages I have started to give myself hot electric orgasms each and every day.

Our evening has barely begun and the lustful desire that is building up in me is far beyond anything I could have ever imagined! I can see myself physically shake with mixed feelings of risky nervousness and sheer loving passion.

You untie my wrists as your tongue reaches back into my mouth. Against your broad chest, in your strong arms, my petite body seems extra small. My long dark wavy hair flows over my shoulders and covers my pink erect nipples. You tenderly brush the stray strands of hair off my blushing hot face and look deep into my watery eyes. My bum cheeks are sore, a deep crimson colour is what I imagine my bare ass must look like, but I don't think I could be wetter. It is a thrill to take what you give me without hesitation, not just for my pleasure but for your pleasure as well.

I'm breathing deeper now. You are so hot and sexy to me that I'm lost in lustful desire. Your lips are so soft velvety against mine. I love the way you kiss me. Our lips partially open and our tongues wiggle in rhythm, almost parting but not, over and over. Please don't stop. You seem to know what turns us both on. You have stripped me naked outdoors and we are together under the stars; two of the most natural and sexual feelings I have ever known. They arouse me.

You arouse me.

My love juices are now overflowing, running out of my aroused pussy lips and down the sides of my inner thighs ever since you spanked me. I can smell my excitement. Your fingers make their way down to my sex sliding over my shaved mound to the little tuft of hair I've left and push their way past my engorged lips to plunge deep inside. I can feel at least two, maybe three fingers. Passionately you finger-fuck me as we kiss. My swollen cunt is ready; my nipples are hard and tingly.

I reach down and feel you through your jeans. Your blood-engorged cock is rock hard. I start to breathe heavier with each thrust of your fingers and I moan thinking about what I want to happen next. As our breathing and kissing become faster I think I've got to get you to stop or I'm going to come. I want to save my rippling orgasm for later, when you have me, when you eat my cunt. I want to feel your soft, hot tongue stimulating my clit. With you there is no question, my explosion will be quick and enormous regardless of when or how it happens, but I do hope this ecstasy lasts all night. 

You must have read my mind. Suddenly you stop kissing and pull away. Tasting your fingers, you tell me I turn you on.

Your plump, seductive lips are slightly parted and I receive an erotic thrill just looking at them. I look deep into your brown eyes. I know you are ready too.

In this dark isolated field, only the chirping crickets are near enough to watch us. You pull the black shirt over your head and throw it aside on the layer of dry crunchy leaves; I hope it scares the crickets away and out from under us. I smile and take your arms pulling you closer to give you a hug. After I kiss your hairy chest and nipples, I rise up to kiss your neck and nibble on your ear. Your spicy cologne demands my attention. Your hand raises my chin and your lips lean forward landing on mine once again for another long, wet kiss.

I rub my lips and tongue all over your chest and belly as we both hold each other and lower ourselves down together to lie on the thick, cozy, leafy blanket under the oak. Reaching down with my hands, I unzip your blue jeans. I carefully lower them exposing your beautiful sex to me. Smiling, I give a lustful moan as I see you, for the first time, hard and ready for sex. Your member has surprising girth and I pause to inhale a deep breath of satisfaction as I enjoy the view. A sudden gush of warm juice leaks out of me as I watch your organ pulsate and begin to think about what I want to do with your body. I gently kneel between your bent legs as you open them, exposing yourself, wide enough for me to sit there. Lightly caressing the inside of your thighs and your balls with my fingers, I watch your hard cock throbbing and leaking with lustful anticipation.

You lie back closing your eyes as you turn yourself completely over to my trust and wait for me to play. I wonder if you get as aroused when you know I'm watching you as I do when you study my pussy. I start to kiss your inner thighs and continue to caress them as I let my tongue explore your soft dangling balls, up and down and around. I like how the light thin hair on them tickles my wet tongue. I let a finger slip down to rub your perineum and wonder if you would like something up your ass.

My tongue makes its way up the length of your long cock. I kiss its head licking off the thick sticky juice that has leaked out. My lips and tongue tease your smooth silky head around and around finishing up the last drops of pre-cum. Very firmly I squeeze your wide organ with my hand giving it a few quick pumps before lowering my mouth down onto you. I look forward to taking you in and thanking you for all the pleasures your stiff cock will bring to us both tonight, very soon.

Slowly, all the way down, my moist mouth envelopes your erect cock as my hand falls out of the way to support the base of your erection. I have to open my lips very wide to accommodate you. In this position my ass is, once again, up in the air just as you like to see it. Ever so slowly, I rise up and almost lift my mouth off you but as I reach your satiny, spongy head my tongue laps around and my mouth lowers again slowly all the way down, as far as I can take you into my spread lips. You hold yourself up in my mouth for a bit longer by interlocking your hands with my hair and pushing them against my head. Slowly, I begin to pull back up along your shaft the ribbed veined skin of your cock rubbing along my soft lips. I take you again down into my throat. I taste you as you leak, thick and salty turning me on. Teasing your delicate balls while I suck, I don't want to rush. I enjoy having you in my mouth, outdoors, under the glow of the Milky Way.

I continue pleasuring you for some moments, up and down, in and out, up and down, wondering what fantasies might be playing in your mind. You are lovingly pinching my erect nipples as I pleasure you. My breathing begins to quicken. I continue to caress your balls with my other hand. It is time, I decide, to give them a longer suck. I take them, one ball at a time, in my mouth and play with them with my tongue awhile as my hand rubs you pumping along your circumcised cock. I love feeling the warm flexible skin on your loose balls. My tongue wiggles and teases. The odour of your salty sweat mixed with your cologne turns me on.

I sit my left leg over your right leg where my love juices stick to your hairy skin. My tongue begins to lick back up the length of you and then I lower my open mouth over your raised and waiting cock again, letting it slip deep into my throat as it teases my open lips on the way in. In rhythm to my sucking, my wanting pussy starts to pump along your leg. It rubs in the wetness and I begin panting. I feel my long hair being gathered away from my face; you are playing with it as my head pumps slowly up and down, again up and down and even slower up and down. I am hoping you are enjoying this slow dreamy speed! It sure is making me very excited. Down I go again, your hardened cock deep in my hot mouth. You give a little moan of pleasure. I love your sex taste in my throat and the yearning sensation your rock hard cock gives running along the length of my tongue.

I'm taken by surprise; I hadn't realized, until now, that you have been watching me.

God, I want you so badly. My pussy needs to feel your large member pumping and swelling and then coming hot and heavy.

Fantasizing, I long for the touch of your cock deep and tight in my ass, filling me completely giving us both pleasures.

I hunger for your tongue to flick across my dancing clit; it's throbbing almost painful, and makes me squirm and want to touch it. I think I will scream in urgency if it is not stroked very soon.

You must have felt my need for more and wanted it yourself. You smile at me and lean over pulling me up with your strong hands to sit me on top of you as you lie back down against the covered ground. How long I've waited for you, lusted for you and now you are finally with me. You start to kiss me, passionate slow kissing as you let your fingers fan across my bare back. I'm straddling your stiff cock in this position as it teases the outside of my swollen, satiny pussy lips and brushes past my sensitive clit. You fondle my hard wanting nipples and kiss my exposed neck. I return the pleasure as we hug. Crawling forward just a bit I let a swollen nipple fall into your mouth. Your flirtatious lips and tongue dance on it. Your hands fall further down and soothingly tickle my red bum cheeks.

The night air is still warm on our nude bodies as we stretch out on the leaf covered grassy field. Time stands still. I look into your dark eyes and tell you I want you in every possible way: here, now and under the stars.

You whisper, "I want you too, tonight, all of you."