 Anticipation, the wait is making you doubt what you are doing. It is still early and you are sitting in front of your vanity looking at yourself as you apply just a little makeup. Can you really go through with this? Can you really do what you have planned for all week long? The idea has kept you excited all week but now that the time is here you wonder if you will be able to go through with it. You know you can easily back out as you haven't told me what your plans are. 

Will the reality be as exciting as the fantasy? There is only one way to find out. With a final fluff of your hair you stand and admire your nude body in the tall mirror. Freshly showered and shaved you see your nipples are already erect. Your hands glide up your sides, moving softly until they are cupping your wonderful breast. You can easily see how hard and erect your nipples are. Fingers sliding over your smooth breasts until they reach your dark little nipples. Pinching and pulling on them. Feeling as if they are both connected directly with your pussy and clit.

Looking in the mirror at the little landing strip of hair just above your clit a little tremble runs up your spine. You smile as it looks to be trying to point out where your hard little clit is located. In case the hard little bud poking out wasn't evidence enough. The hard nub just above the swollen lips that are already moist with your own excitement. A small moan escaping your lips as you run one finger down over your hard clit, between your wet lips, dipping inside yourself. Lifting your wet finger to your lips you can see the moisture shining before your taste your own excitement.

Moving to the bed you look over your outfit for the night, or at least the beginning of the night. A white lacy g-string, the front panel made of a black silky material that is almost transparent. Stepping into them you feel the soft material sliding up your smooth legs. Pulling them up over your hips feeling the lace settling between your cheeks, covering your tight little pucker ... barely. The front panel thin enough to barely see your swollen lips and the little strip of fur. Feeling the silky material caressing your sensitive lips and erect clit. 

Next your white lace bra with the black silk cups. Sliding it over your arms, the smooth cups feeling cool against your warm breasts. Reaching behind your back to fasten the little hook. Adjusting the cups so they hold your breast in smooth silk. Looking in the mirror once again you can easily see your nipples poking out hard and erect. You can also see how the g-string cups your warm wet pussy.

Only one item left to put on. Moving back to the bed you pick up your glass of wine from the night stand and drink deeply from it before reaching for the item I sent you a week ago. With trembling fingers you pick up the black satin blindfold. Feeling the material between your fingers as you examine it for the hundredth time since you got it. Putting down your glass you move to the foot of the bed and sit down. 

Taking a deep breath you press the satin material over your eyes and slip the elastic band over your head. By touch you adjust your hair so it covers the strap and you feel the blindfold almost molding itself to your face. You look in all directions and know that you can see absolutely nothing with it on, no matter how you try.

Sitting at the foot of your bed you wait for my arrival. As you wait you notice that your hearing seems to pick up every little noise around you. You can smell the scented candles burning so much better like this. You can feel the air moving across your bare skin from the fan slowly turning above the bed. Time seems to have stopped, at or least slowed way down, as you wait.

A thought crosses your mind as you wait and a sexy smile spreads across your red lips. Quickly you get off the bed and settle yourself into a new position. A position you hope I will find erotically sexy.

After what seems an eternity you hear my key enter the lock on the front door just before I enter. You can hear the sound of the door closing behind me and the lock as I secure our privacy. You are trembling with excitement as you can feel my footsteps as I cross the room to where you left a glass of wine and a note for me. 

"Lover, I hope you enjoy the wine. I am waiting for you in the bedroom."

Minutes (an eternity) pass, you can hear me moving around and what sounds like the rustling of clothes. You can feel the air moving as I open the door to your bedroom. You can hear the slight gasp as I take in the sight before me.

You are at the foot of your bed, kneeling on the floor sitting back on your heels. Your knees spread wide offering me eyes complete access to you. You have your arms behind your back, crossed at the wrists as if you where wearing hand cuffs but your not. This pushing your chest out as if offering your breast to me. Your face it tilted slightly downward, your hair partially covering your face.

You feel me moving closer and then the warmth of my fingers caress your left cheek. Pressing your cheek into the palm of my hand you moan softly. You never knew how exciting or intense it would be to give yourself over like this. How wet you would become just from the touch of my hand, how painfully hard your nipples would be. All of your senses seem to be enhanced since putting on the blindfold. You are practically trembling I passion. 

Suddenly you feel a small climax roll through your hot little pussy as you feel the hot hardness of me pressing against your right cheek. 

And you know this is only the first of many for you tonight.

Feeling my hardness bare against your cheek. So hot, so smooth as it slide down your cheek, slowly moving under your chin to your other cheek. My hands in your hair, holding you, caressing you. You can feel the heat of my body as I stand between your wide spread thighs. You can feel your heart pounding in your chest, your nipples throbbing, you pussy moistening. You can hear my breathing, deep and soft. Taking a deep breath you smell your own exciting growing even as you smell my own scent.

Feeling the silky head slowly brushing across your lips. Your tongue flicking out, teasing the swollen head as you taste me. Sliding the length of my shaft up and down your tongue as I guide you with my hands on your cheeks. Wanting to grasp my hardness in your hands but still holding them behind you as if bound. 

Further opening your mouth allowing the swollen head to slip between your lips. Entering your warm wet mouth, feeling the hot head sliding deeper as I pull your head closer to me. Holding myself in your wonderful mouth. Savoring the feel of your sweet mouth around me as you savor the hard length with your lips and tongue. In your mind you can see how you must look kneeling there before me. My hard shaft between your red lips, your hands submissively held behind you. Your knees spread wide apart as you give yourself over to the erotic moment. You feel my hard cock throbbing as your tongue swirls around the swollen head. 

My hands feeling so nice and warm as they slide down your back while you continue to suckle on my hardness. You feel your bra come loose as I release the single hook holding it around you. With your hands behind you back it hangs loose from your chest. You want to remove it and throw it across the room but you maintain the illusion of your restraint. A restraint that is becoming more and more difficult to maintain. 

Feeling my warm hands sliding down inside you bra, feeling your wonderful nipples in the palm of my hands as I cup them. Moaning around the hard cock between your lips as I firmly message both of your breast. My fingers deep in your flesh as you pleasure my hardness. Your nipples painfully hard and erect in need of direct attention. Feeling my fingers grasping each nipple, gently pinching them, twisting them, tugging them until you are moaning constantly from the painful pleasure radiating out from your hard hot tips. Wishing it was my lips, my teeth, my tongue on your hard nipples as you roll your hips in excitement. The feelings so incredible you feel as if your pussy is literally dripping with excitement. 

You look so wonderfully sexy like this, kneeling before me with my hardness in your sweet mouth. Your face turned slightly upwards as you try to suck the cream from me. Your nipples so hard and erect as they stand proudly on your firm breast. I step a little closer between your wide spread knees and you feel my foot slipping underneath you, my ankle pressing against the wet panties covering your swollen pussy. You begin sucking even harder as you roll your pussy against me. Feeling your hard clit rubbing against my leg, your swollen pussy lips sliding along the top of my foot. Trying to rub yourself to climax as you suck and lick my hard cock.

Slowly my hips begin to move now, sliding my hot cock in and out of your wet mouth. Your tongue sliding along the underside of the hard shaft as you suck and lick. Feeling every ridge, every vein as I penetrate your lips over and over again. My hands move up to grasp your head, pushing and pulling your mouth on and off my hard cock in time with my own thrusting. Swirling your tongue around the silky head as I pull out, pressing the shaft upwards with your tongue as I slide back in.

Smiling to yourself as you hear me groaning with pleasure as I use your wonderful cock sucking mouth. You can feel your pussy becoming wetter by the moment as you taste my hardness, as you feel the blood pumping through my hard shaft. My body trembling as your tongue slides around and around the swollen head. You know your little thin panties are completely soaked in your warm juices as you taste the pre-cum flowing from the swollen head. You want to grasp my hips and pull me deeper, harder into your wet mouth. Your own hips rocking against me in need as I continue to use your sweet mouth.

Moaning as I pull my cock from between your lips, feeling the wet shaft sliding up along your cheek. Your tongue sliding out to play across my cum filled balls, your lips sucking first one and then the other into your warm mouth. Rolling each one in your warm mouth as you suckle on them. Back and forth your lips travel as you give me pleasure until I once again return the swollen head of my cock toy our lips and tongue. Holding my hips still as I push and pull your wet sucking mouth along the length of my throbbing cock. Feeling the swollen head at the back of your throat over and over again. 

You can hear my breathing increasing as my fingers tighten in your hair. My hips thrusting my hardness deep inside your warm wet mouth as my cock swells even more. It feels so hot, so hard between your lips. It feels so good, taste so good in your mouth, you want it all. The pre-cum flowing freely as I seem to grow even harder, larger. You know I am rapidly getting closer and closer to a climax. Sucking harder on my cock as your own juices wetting my foot and your inner thighs. Imaging your own sweet pussy juices dripping onto the foot below you. Barely resisting the urge to finger yourself as you let me fuck your sweet mouth.

Rubbing your hot pussy harder and faster against my foot as you suckle on my hard length. Feeling your clit against the hard bone of my ankle you can't hold off any longer. You feel your clit throbbing, you pussy swelling and them you are cumming. Cumming as you rub yourself off on my foot. Your hot cunt spasms as you cum and cum, your juices wetting my entire foot as you moan loudly around my cock. Your climax rippling through your entire body as you try to breath around my hot cock filling your sweet mouth.

Suddenly I stop all motion with the swollen head just inside your warm lips. You can feel my entire body shudder as your tongue slides around the hot tip, flicking across the slit in the end. Sucking on the head as your orgasm slowly flows away. Moaning in pleasure as your sweet cream makes your hot little cunt so slippery wet. You can feel my cock throbbing in time with my pulse as you suckle the swollen head. You are certain that I am going to fill your sweet mouth with my hot cum. Wanting it, to feel it splashing on your tongue, to taste its saltiness. Grinding your wet pussy against me as you try drain me of all my hot cum. You know I am only moments away from erupting when I suddenly pull away from your sweet mouth. 

You can hear my ragged breath as I release my hold on you. You groan loudly as you lose the contact with my foot. You can easily hear me breathing hard and deep as I step back. You can imagine my cock hard and throbbing, shining with wetness from your mouth, imagining the pre-cum leaking from the swollen head. So hard, so dark, so ready to erupt. Imagining my cock bobby in front of your face in time with my pulse. Wondering if I am dripping on the floor as you are certain your wet pussy is. 

Slowly I begin to circle my sweet kneeling Lady. Admiring how erotically sexy you look. You feel my fingers slide slowly along your cheek. Slowly they move down your neck then across the back of your shoulders, return to the other cheek. Caressing you, you savor the feel of my hands on your smooth flush skin. 

You gasp as I suddenly kneel down and scoop you up in my arms. Your own arms automatically circling my neck. As I carry you over to the side of the bed I pull you closer to me. You feel my lips crushing down on top of your own. My tongue delving inside your mouth as we kiss deeply, passionately, hungrily. Your own erotic passion soaring as your arms wrap even tighter around my neck. Our lips crushed together as we savor the flavor of each other. 

Bending over I lay you down in the middle of the large bed. The white comforter so soft and giving as you lay back on it. Slowly our lips part and you slide your arms from around my neck. After you quickly free yourself of the bra you allow your hands to gently caress your skin across your smooth belly. Your beautiful body withers seductively before my eyes. You smile as you hear my own moan of approval at the wonderful sight before me. Your lips slightly parted, Your hair is disarray but looking gorgeous to me. Your taunt smooth body, your sweet beautiful breast, your hard dark nipples begging to be kissed and nipped. Your back arching upwards towards me in need. Feeling the silky material of your panties soaked completely with your juices. 

You feel my hands sliding up one smooth arm, gently grasping your wrist I raise your arm above your head. Stretching it out away from you. You become a bit fearful as you feel the silky material wrapping around your wrist, once....... twice....... You are not sure if you like the idea of being tied to bed. The fantasy of being bound while you sucked on my hard cock was wonderful and the fantasy of being tied to the bed has always been a little exciting to you. In fact you can even feel your pussy throb. But you are not so sure about the reality of it. 

After wrapping the silk around the headboard you wait but instead of tying the silk I place the loose ends in your hand. You feel my hand closing your fingers around the loose material. You realize that all you have to do is open you hand and you will be free. After repeating the process with your other wrist you pull on the silk holding you. It is your own bondage now that is keeping you tied to the bed. It is a bondage of the mind, all you have to do is let go and you will be free, but do you want to be or do you want to play this out. This might be harder then actually being bound as it is by your own choice that you are restrained.

So lost in these thoughts that you gasp loudly as you suddenly feel my lips around a hard nipple. Sucking it deep into my mouth as my tongue flicks across the hard tip. You moan as you feel a hand on your other breast messaging it deeply as I suckle on your sweet flesh. Spreading your thighs farther apart your hips thrust upwards as my hand rubs your wet pussy through your tiny panties. You can feel your swollen lips spreading open around my fingers, your own slippery juices coating my fingers as they press firmly against you. The silky material rubbing against your erect clit as you grind yourself into my palm. Wishing that it was my hardness instead of only my fingers.

As my warm mouth releases your hard nipple and begins to flick at the hard tip you almost let go of your bindings to grasp my head and crush it into your breast. My fingers sliding up and down your panties pressed deep between your wet lips. Feeling your moisture flowing from deep inside your pussy, my wet fingers traveling down between your cheeks and slowly back up again.

Your senses in over drive as you feel every movement, every touch. The way the bed moves just before my mouth descends upon your other nipple. Sucking you hard into my mouth, my teeth gripping the very tip as my tongue swirls around and across your hard erect tip. Moaning as you feel your panties being pulled tightly over your swollen pussy. You can feel the silky material splitting your lips apart, your erect clit being rubbed by the wet slippery material. My other hand caressing your face, your lips, sucking on my fingers as I suckle on your breasts one at a time. Moaning around my fingers as I play with your hot wet pussy. Using your own wet panties to slide across your exposed clit. Back and forth, back and forth. You can feel your erect clit throbbing as you climb closer and closer to climax. 

Your head thrashing back and forth as I pull your panties to the side and replace it with my hand, my fingers. Your juices flowing freely making each finger so very slippery. Every nerve in your pussy alive as you feel my fingers slipping between your swollen lips. Then both fingers pressing deep inside your hot little pussy. Coating two if them in your hot sweet juices as I slowly fuck you with my fingers. Curling them inside you, twisting them as they move in and out of you tightly grasping cunt. The hot wet walls grasping at my fingers, your juices running down between your cheeks. 

You hear how wet your little pussy is as my fingers fuck your delicious little cunt. Arms straining against the silk scarves binding you as I suck and lick and bite your firm breast and hard nipples. Moaning as you imagine how hard and ready my cock is to fill you. Wanting to feel my cock splitting your pussy open as my fingers continue to invade you. Plunging in and out of your hot little cunt faster and harder. Feeling and hearing the palm of my hand as it slaps against your hard clit. Your hips thrust in time with my finger fucking. Impaling your wet cunt on my fingers as your rush towards another climax. Suddenly my fingers pull free of your wet clasping pussy and slide upwards to your hard clit. Gasping loudly as you feel my fingers slipping around your hard little bud. Gasping even louder as one slippery finger begins to rapidly stroke across the hard tip of your clit. 

As my teeth bite down on your hard nipple it is more then you can stand as you begin to cum hard and long. Your hips thrusting up in the air as your pussy erupts in climatic spasms, practically throwing me off of your hard nipple. Screaming out your pleasure as you can feel your taunt stomach rippling in pleasure, your pussy spasm as your juices flow from deep inside you. Your hands gripping tightly to the silk scarves keeping your arms spread above your head. Every muscle in your sweet body rippling in pleasure as you cum and cum and cum. Your head thrown back, mouth opened wide as you cum for me. Your sweet cream pouring from deep inside your hot little cunt.

Over and over again your body shudders in pleasure with each stroke, each touch of my finger on your hard sensitive clit causing another spasm across your sweet body. Releasing your tender nipple I sit back to gaze upon you once again. Your hips thrusting up and down against my fingers. Groaning out your climax as it seems to go on and on. You haven't cum this hard in a very long time and you wonder if it is due to your self imposed bondage or just your own lustfulness. 
