 Amy looked at her naked form in the mirror.

"Not too bad", she thought to herself.

At 5 foot 5, blonde hair and after having a child her breasts still remained perky and full. Lost in a world of her own, Amy was surprised to find a hand cupping a breast, thumb and forefinger rolling and gently tugging on a pink, erect nipple. A familiar throbbing was now pulsing between her legs.

"I don't have time for this!" she said, exasperated.

Turning to the dresser, she grabbed a bra and panties, pausing as her hand passed over her vibrator. Frowning, she pushed the drawer closed. Pulling on her panties, her thoughts started to wander again.

"Nick will be here soon", she thought, watching herself in the mirror as she enclosed her breasts in the bra. Smiling, she noticed her erect nipples strain against the silky smooth material.

Looking through her wardrobe, Amy considered what she would wear, discarding one outfit after another.

"Ah, that's it!" pulling a simple white dress out. 

Amy dropped the dress over her head, feeling the cool cotton cascade over her skin. Reaching down she picked up a pair of sandals, slipping them onto her feet.

A final check in the mirror, a quick brush of her hair, a spray of perfume and she was ready.

"Actually, you look awesome, Amy! " she said talking to the image in the mirror and smiling.

Nick impatiently tapped the steering wheel of his car, hating running late.

"Why does this only happen when you are late!!??" he said to himself, staring at the red traffic light in front of him.

Checking the traffic in his mirrors, he catches himself doing another final check. Brown hair going slightly grey at the temple cut short, blue eyes and standing 6 foot 5 with a slim build. He considered himself as "moderately attractive".

The lights change, he turns his attention to the road. Approaching another set of lights, he watches in anguish as it turns from green, to amber, to red. Pulling the car to a stop, he sighed, reaching for his mobile phone, Nick typed a quick message.

"I am running late. Traffic, see you soon" stabbing the send button in frustration.

Sipping on a glass of chilled white wine, Amy looks at her watch for what seemed like the hundredth time.

"He is late", she thought, "He won't be happy when he gets here."

Hearing her phone beep and vibrate in the kitchen, she wandered in and checked the message.

"I am running late. Traffic, see you soon"

Looking at her watch again, she considered the vibrator in her bedroom.

"NO!!" angry at herself, "You will have the real thing soon enough!"

Walking back to the lounge room, she sat down on the couch and reached for her wine. Her thoughts turned back to the last few months.

The words in the messages between them building anticipation and want...the touches that had electrified the skin...kisses that melted the soul...the love making unrestrained and sensual.

Jolted out of her daydreaming by a knock at the door, she realised she was aroused.

"Oh god, I am soaked!"

Rising and walking to the door Amy tried her best to centre herself.

Opening the door, Nick stood there looking slightly perturbed. Amy felt her knees go weak, desperately hoping Nick hadn't noticed.

"Terribly sorry I am late!"

Stepping towards each other, arms slipped around waists, a passionate kiss was exchanged. Breaking away, Amy did a twirl.

"You like?" she cheekily asked and noticed Nick taking it all in and clearly undressing her with his eyes.

"Very much," he said gulping, "Ready to go?"

"Very much so!" again with a cheeky smile on her face.

"Okay, where to?" Nick asked, "Your choice."

Amy is shocked to see her arm dart out and brazenly grab at the front of Nick's shirt, pulling him close and planting a fervent and ardent kiss on his mouth, her tongue probing for his. Responding Nick pulls her close, one hand dropping to her arse gripping it, the other hand behind her head, holding the kiss.

Pulling away, Amy turns away and held her hand out behind her, she felt his hand grasp hers, fingers entwined. Moving towards the bedroom, she led the way. Reaching the bedroom, facing each other, kisses became passionate and intense.

Amy dropped to her knees and with sure and confident hands she released his hard cock and quickly took it into her mouth. Her tongue swirling patterns over the head, a hand reached between his legs and started toying with his perineum. A groan of pleasure escaped from Nick.

Teasingly she stood and pushed him back onto the bed. Standing before him, watching his cock jerk and twitch, she slipped the sandals from her feet. Seductively, she slowly bunched the dress up, the hemline slowly rising. Just as it reached the top of her legs, she paused locking her eyes onto his. With a final fluid movement, Amy pulled the dress free, letting it fall to the floor.

"You are amazing!" Nick gasped.

"Thank you," Amy replied, "Now strip!"

She watched as he quickly squirms out of his clothes, his hard cock seeming to wave to her. Amy bit her bottom lip and reaching up behind herself she freed her tits from the confines of her bra.

Standing at the end of the bed, Amy looked down at the naked body of her lover, his cock enticing her to come closer. Taking a small hesitant step forward, she stopped herself, a new thought coming to her.

"Pleasure, yourself!"

"What?" replied Nick a little surprised by the force of her voice.

"I want to watch you!" Amy commanded, taken aback by this new feeling of confidence.

Without a further word, Nick wrapped a hand around his cock and started stroking up and down. Watching, Amy felt a hand moving across her stomach and down towards her panties. She watched Nick close his eyes and the hand on his cock moving faster. Her fingers slid under the elastic of the panties, over her mound, slid a finger the length of her slit, small surges of pleasure radiating from the touch of her finger. Closing her eyes, she let her finger slide into her waiting pussy. Her other hand reached out, gripping the bed end to steady herself.

Opening her eyes, Amy realised Nick was watching her, his hand still working up and down on his cock. 

"I thought you wanted to watch?"

"I did!"

Taking her hand from between her legs, she slid her panties from her waist. Stepping out of her discarded panties, Amy moved to the side of the bed. Nick knelt in front the object of his desire, hands gliding over her skin. Leaning forward, their lips came together, their kisses lustful and long. Amy felt a hand on the small of her back pulling her close, moving down and stroking her arse. Nick kissed down her neck, Amy let her head drop back, closing her eyes. The brushing of his lips against the sensitive skin of her neck sent waves of desire crashing through her body.

Kissing lower, Nick took an erect nipple into his mouth, sucking it in deep, tongue swirling over the hard point. His hand now gripped her firm arse and pulled her closer to him. Amy felt the hardness of his cock against her, passion in his kisses and touch. She felt herself incredibly wet and wanting. Nick kissed lower, a hand moving up her inner thigh with teasing gentle touches. The hand on her arse massaging, stroking and pulling her closer until their bodies feel like one.

Amy moaned in pleasure, his mouth enclosing the hard nub of her clit, his tongue flicking across it. Her hands held his head to her, wanting his tongue, his fingers toying with her moist slit. Thrusting her hips forward, Amy ground them against Nick's mouth, moans getting louder and more insistent. Taking a deep breath, Amy regained some self-control and pulled Nick up to her face. Kissing him deeply, she tasted her juices in his mouth.

"I want you now!!" she said pulling back and holding his head in her hands.

"Same!" Nick replied as his arms encircled her and pulled her down onto the bed.

Straddling his chest, Amy pushed herself up, marvelling at her lover beneath her. She ran her hands over his chest, feeling the hair moving through her fingers, brushing over his nipples. Watching his body respond to her touch, knowing every point of contact fired off waves of pleasure in him. Pushing her hips down, she felt his hardness against her pussy.

Leaning down again, Amy fervently kissed her man, wanting every part of him. She felt his hands roaming over her body, touching, teasing.

Amy reached down between her legs and finding his cock, she placed it at the entrance of her hot, moist pussy, guiding the head inside her. Sitting up, Amy took the full length of his cock inside her with one forceful action, throwing her head back and letting out a moan of pleasure. Reaching forward, Amy searched out for his hands, pinning him to the bed.

Their bodies began moving together, hips thrusting and grinding. Nick leaned forward and circled a nipple with his tongue.

"Oh Nick...don't stop!" Amy gasped in pleasure.

Their movements became more urgent. Nick felt her juices covering his cock and balls. Amy felt her pussy contract and pulse, her orgasm building.

"I'm close...so close!" Amy moaned out.

Like a switch being flicked on, the words triggered an explosion inside Amy, wave after wave of pleasure assaulting every nerve in her body. She convulsed on top of Nick, body quivering and shaking. Then she felt it. Jets of hot and sticky cum filling her wet pussy, feeling more waves of pleasure as his cum continued her orgasm.

Releasing Nick from her grasp, Amy laid down against his heaving chest. She could hear his heart pound away. Kissing, bodies still quivering, Amy felt his cock go soft inside her and slide free.

Looking across at Nick, Amy smiled.

"So where are we going for dinner?"