 Author's note

Thanks for reading. This is my first attempt at posting.

***************************

It's late Friday night, and I've just gotten through eating with friends. The anticipation of meeting you later causing butterflies in my stomach, and me to be entirely too impatient during our meal. I call you as I get closer to the outside of your building, and you meet me at the door and escort me up to you apartment. I haven't said a word, because I'm too nervous. I've seen you naked, but this is the first time that I see you in person. You lean over an ask me if I'm wet, and I'm a little flustered, but you get a kick out of it, especially when I mumble "yes". As we walk into your place, I try and slip some sense of normalcy back into the conversation, I know I'm there to fuck you, but still...And then you lead me in, and back to your bedroom, where you cut on a light, and shut the door.

Things start normally, I sit on your bed, and you sit next me, and we start to kiss. Things begin getting hotter, and my top comes off, finally giving you a chance to be with the breasts you've been admiring for these past few days. You kiss and suck on them, turning me on, causing me to thrust them more into your mouth. You begin to undo my pants, sliding them down my legs, baring my skin and my wet shaved pussy for you. You slip your finger past my thong, and dip it in so you can see for yourself how wet I am for you. Pleased with your find you begin to kiss my neck, exploiting my weakness and driving me wild while you finger me, hitting my G-spot. Using your other hand you pin my hands above my head, while continuing to finger fuck my pussy and kissing me. 

Suddenly, your finger leaves my cunt, and me in my disorientation don't realise what you're doing, as you quickly bind my hands above me to your bed. Leaving me in a state of total surrender. I then realise that you are still dressed as you begin to slide your way down my body, between my legs, to settle your mouth right at the apex of my pussy.

You begin by teasing me, lightly kissing and licking all around it, while avoiding what I want you to touch so badly. Every so often lightly your nose touches it, and I squirm a little to get it closer beginning for your attention. "Please," I say. "Please Justin!" You merely smile, and lightly flick your tongue across my clit, making me shudder, while you slide two fingers into my pussy to push at my g-spot. "More," I scream, "I need more. Don't stop, please don't stop." I get closer and closer to the edge, and you continue lightly licking me, driving me while, and then orgasm begins to shake my body, as I moan, doing my best not to scream to loudly.

"Now, it's time for you to suck me...

You undo you pants and push them down along with your boxers. I begin to lick my lips as I see your member come forth, you being semi hard from licking at my pussy. You take off your shirt and move forth touching the tip of your cock to my lips. My tongue instinctively goes out to lightly taste it, watching as you shiver a little from it. I smile as you begin to push your way past my lips, sliding your cock into my mouth. I try to break my hands free of their bonds as you begin to fuck my face. I swirl my tongue around your dick, and you moan and pull back from my face before plunging back in at a voracious speed.

While pounding my mouth with your rock hard cock, you free my hands from their bindings, unaware of what I now have planned. Using momentum I flip you on your back on so that we've now switched positions, and your shock, I've taken the bindings and bound you in the same position you just had me.

"See the problem is you're just much to use to getting your way, so demanding. You shouldn't torture Justin, because you're just asking to be tortured right back." I start by lightly licking your cock all over, just using the tip of my tongue. I watch as you begin to breathe deeper, enjoying how my teasing is affecting you. Slowly I lick just the head of your cock, then take it in my mouth....

Greedily, I take your cock in my mouth and suck on it, up and down I pump it in my mouth. Sucking and licking, watching you from my position, enjoying the way you buck and groan under the assault of my mouth. I pull back a little, lightening the touch of my tongue, you plead for more. I take you back in my mouth, licking you all over, making sure you're good and wet, and then I stop to scoot up your body. "What are you doing," you ask. I just smile, and wrap my tits around your cock.

You enjoy the sensation so much, of my breasts sliding up and down your cock. It begins to send you over the edge, "I'm coming," you groan out. I quickly place my mouth back over your cock, sucking and sucking until I feel your semen spurt into my mouth. I take it all and swallow it, enjoying every last drop.

Fully rested, and ready for more, I release you from your restraints knowing you'll make me pay for tying you up like that and teasing you. You roughly pull me to you, and bend me over. I feel your cock growing harder against my ass. You rub the tip of it against my bare pussy, against my clit. "Please," I beg. "I need your cock in me," yet you continue to tease me as it gets harder and harder. Then slowly I feel you begin to enter me, teasing me, barely inserting the head of your dick into my tight pussy. Slowly, my pussy taking in your cock.

Once all the way in, you stay for a minute, enjoying the feeling of my pussy wrapped around you, and then you begin to pump into me. Slow, at first, but hard. Moving faster, and just fucking me, I begin to moan. "Oh god," I scream, enjoying the friction of you hitting my G-Spot. "More, please more, don't stop!" You fuck harder and harder, ignoring my pleas, it feels so good, I can't think straight, and then I cum, my whole body shaking with tremors, my pussy tightening around your cock.

I collapse onto the bed, unable to take the unbelievable orgasm that has gripped me, when you stop, pull out and flip me over. You're still hard cock is there staring at me. "Take all of it in you," you say. "I want every last inch between those lips."

You push it into my mouth, and I take your cock as deep as I can. You groan a little each time the tip touches the back of my throat. Loving every second of it. Faster and faster, harder and harder, you fuck my mouth and I'm loving every second of it. I've never tasted cock so good in my life. 

Just as I feel you about to cum, you pull your cock out of my mouth and grab my hand to wrap it around your dick. "Stroke it for me, I want to see my cum on your chest, all over those gorgeous breasts." And finally as I stroke you nice and hard, I see your cum beginning to squirt onto my chest. It looks so good, I begin to stroke you harder until I have completely milk you. You take your cock out of my hand and sit back on the bed, exhausted.