 "You're going to let go," she said softly. "Eventually."

Her client groaned in reply. He lay on his back, his hands cuffed to the headboard, his hard cock pointing straight at the hotel ceiling. Her gloved hand stroked it expertly, up and down, up and down. Pursing her lips above the tip of his member, she occasionally produced a slow string of saliva, letting it drip down gently on his helmet and run lazily down the sides of the shaft. She covered the skin of the cock in her spit, spreading it all over, and then dribbled some more, her glove wet and slippery like his bulging shaft. Her client breathed heavily.

"Yes," she went on. "It's going to happen. It will take a while - but you want that, don't you?"

"Uhhh!" he groaned. "Yes!"

"You want to feel the urge to come," she said. "Feel it for as long as possible. It feels good, doesn't it? Your cock swollen and hard, ready to burst. You like feeling the tension, the pressure building up inside you, don't you?"

"Ah!" her client cried.

His cock twitched violently.

"But," she went on. "It's also sort of painful, isn't it? The closer you get, the more you feel the need to let go. Oh! Wouldn't it be great just to give in? Feel all that sticky cum force its way out from the depth of your balls - burst up through your bulging shaft. You're so aroused, you'd probably shoot it several feet up into the air. You'd just love to feel that, wouldn't you?"

She masturbated him slowly, squeezing his cock hard.

"Ah!" he gasped. "No! Not yet!"

She laughed.

"Of course not!" she replied. "Because you want to feel the tension, right? Feel it building and building until it becomes unbearable. Until it becomes painful. Don't you?"

Her client grit his teeth, throwing his head from side to side on the king-size bed.

"Yes!" he gasped.

She released her grip slightly, massaging his cock in firm, rhythmic strokes. Clear fluid oozed from its tip. She licked it up, wriggling her tongue teasingly. He moaned.

"Strange, isn't it," she said thoughtfully. "You want to come - real bad - yet you also want to wait for as long as possible. You can't stand the anticipation - yet you want it to last and last. You poor, poor thing."

Her client threw his head back and gasped, his helmet bulging between her gloved fingers.

"But your cock ..." she whispered. "It's so beautiful now. So erect - as long and hard as it will ever get. So thick I can hardly wrap my fingers around it. So hard I can hardly squeeze it. It's so perfect - you must be just about to come."

"Yes!" he gasped. "I can't help myself any longer ... I'm going to come!"

"No!" she protested. "Not yet! Try to hold back - just a little while. Concentrate!"

"Aaah!" he groaned.

The clear liquid flowed from his twitching cock. But he didn't come. His balls contracted, shrunk into hard little pebbles inside the hairy sack. He breathed deep, trying to control himself.

"Ah!" he gasped. "Oh, my god ..."

"See!" she purred. "You can do it. There's a good little cock. I just want to play with it for a little longer."

"Mmm," her client said.

She opened her mouth and with a little, wet sound, she wrapped her red lips around the helmet. He began impatiently thrusting his member into her mouth. The handcuffs jingled as he moved.

"Ah, yes!" he gasped. "Suck it!"

"Mmm!" she replied. "Mmm!"

Wet and slippery, his shaft moved in and out of her sucking mouth. She salivated around his cock. It swelled on her tongue, his erection now firm and steady. With a loud pop she pulled his member from her mouth and smiled at him. Again she began stroking it in a hard, steady rhythm. He grunted with pleasure.

"Yes!" he gasped. "Like that! Jerk me off! Make me come!"

But instead, she let go of his cock. It twitched violently, throbbing and bulging.

"Uh-huh," she said, spreading her open hands in front of his face. "You're on your own now. Don't touch it. Just feel it ... feel the pressure building."

"Ah!" he cried, yanking at the jingling handcuffs. "Fuck! I can't ... I can't take it!"

A thick glob of white semen began to ooze slowly from the tip of his cock.

"Yes, you can," she whispered. "It's much better this way. Your cock all tense, stretching, almost in pain. You know the eruption is coming - can't hold back - but you still have to wait for it ..."

"Yes!" he gasped. "Ah!"

"Ooh," she purred. "Your big cock is bouncing around. Can you feel the spunk forcing it way out through the shaft? Any second now ..."

"Aaah!" he cried. "Aaah!"

With amazing force, the first jet of semen shot three feet into the air, hitting her left cheek. Twitching and bulging, his cock fired again and again. She stuck out her tongue, catching sticky drops of hot spunk, savoring the spicy, salty taste.

"Ohhh!" he roared. "Yes!"

A few more jets shot from his cock - then his ejaculation subsided. He closed his eyes. His member kept jumping and twitching. She bent down and licked the underside of the shaft, making him grunt with satisfaction. Ever so slowly his huge cock grew soft. He sighed deeply, then looked up at her.

"Thank you," he said.

"You're welcome," she replied.

She undid his handcuffs. Slowly, he sat up in bed, rubbing his wrists. She looked at her phone.

"You know," she said. "You paid for another half hour. Anything else you'd like to do?"

He paused, just sat there on the bed stark naked, looking at her. Then he reached for his briefcase on the floor, opened it, and pulled out a large vibrator.

"Yeah," he replied. "I'd like to do the same thing to you ..."

She smiled.

"Well," she said calmly. "That should be interesting."

He grabbed her left wrist and cuffed it - then the right. She sighed. Grinning, he turned on the vibrator. It buzzed loudly as he slowly guided the toy towards her cunt.