 Nola loved her job, but she wasn't always so keen on the traveling and today had not gone well. She has been working this case for months and thought it was a slam dunk. She'd done all the work, the endless hours analyzing data and pouring through boxes of records. She had witnesses ready. She had a meeting with the assistant district attorney next week to present the case. 

Today's twist left Nola uncertain. To prove fraud, you have to prove intent. Otherwise, all you have is a civil matter. While recovering money for the company is a good outcome, this scoundrel really needed to see the inside of a cell. 

Nola pushed the food around on her plate. She'd decided to have dinner at the hotel bar and lounge rather than go back out. 

There he was again. A few tables over sat the handsome blonde from the lobby who'd first caught her attention when she was checking in two days ago. Since then, she has bumped into him several times in passing, and once literally. As she was getting off the elevator this morning, reading through her case notes as she went, she walked straight into him.

"Oh, I'm so sorry," she said, her cheeks flushing. 

He had stunning grey eyes. Nola couldn't move. He held her gaze and smiled. There was something knowing in his smile and she flushed again. 

"Please. Don't be," he said. 

Nola excused herself and walked away quickly, chastising herself for reacting like a school girl with a crush. That was so unlike her. By the time she got to her rental car, her pulse had returned to normal. She rolled her eyes and shook it off. Time to nab a crook. 

Grey eyes was eating alone too. He looked up and caught Nola watching him. She quickly looked away, picked up her case file and opened it on the table in front of her. She flipped through a few pages and looked back to his table. Shit. He was still looking at her. He wore that same knowing smile from this morning. Her pulse quickened. 

Nola kept her eyes on her file while she picked at her meal. She didn't dare steal another glance because she was certain that now he was watching her. She didn't notice when he got up until he was at her table. Thinking it was her server checking to see if she needed anything else, she looked up and found him instead. God, those eyes. 

"Hello again." 

"Oh, hi," she replied. "Sorry again for this morning. Don't worry, though. I'm going to keep my reading stationary from now on." 

"Oh," he smiled, looking her over slowly, "I'm not worried. Don't work too hard." 

