 Author's Note: This is a submission for the 2012 Earth Day contest. Please take a moment to vote and--if you are of a mind to--submit comments. 

*

Nav came out of the tent muttering under his breath. I could hear the curse words he was uttering quietly as he stamped his feet into his hiking boots. "I'm walking over the bath house. Another fucking walk to take a piss. Tell me again why we couldn't go to a hotel...." 

I sat the French press I was using to make Nav's coffee down on the picnic table at our campsite and sighed. "Nav, look around. There are only a few other people in the tent area of this campground, and with the trees, they can't see us. The RV folks are clear on the other side of the campground, the for sure can't see us; just go pee in the woods. There are woods RIGHT THERE behind our tent," I said, pointing. "Your coffee is going to be hot and waiting for you. It's very manly to piss in the woods, I promise."

Nav harrumphed something it being manlier to go in a hotel bathroom in Vegas, but he went around behind the back of the tent. We had checked into the campground Saturday morning, 24 hours before, and Nav had sulked the whole time. Actually, he had started sulking before we even left our house in Los Angeles, when he found the receipt from the camping supply store, but this was the first trip we had taken as a couple since the oldest of our two kids was born 10 years before, and I really wanted it to work. We had planned this trip to reignite the fire in our marriage, but so far the sparks were falling on wet tinder. Last night, our first night in the tent, I'd zipped our sleeping bags together, but had gotten only a peck on the forehead before he rolled over and went to sleep.

I slipped around the back of the tent and sidled up behind Nav. "Hey," he shouted, "I'm trying to pee here." 

"Coffee's all ready. I just thought you could use a little help," I answered, wrapping my arms around his waist and sliding my hand around his cock. "I could give it a shake for you; you used to like that." Nav didn't answer, just brought his arms up and put them over mine, pulling me close, my breasts pressed into his back, my face between his shoulder blades. Nav is 6'1" and my head doesn't reach his shoulders. We stood there for a moment, silently, until Nav said, "Okay, Abby, give it a shake and let's go get coffee. It smells delicious." I smiled. Maybe the tinder was a little drier than I had thought.

I couldn't say that one single thing about Navjit Mathur made me fall in love with him when we met in college. He was smart, funny, and devastatingly good looking. We were both virgins when we started dating, and tried to stay that way, but it didn't last long. Neither of us could keep our hands, our mouths, or various other body parts off each other. It stayed that way for a long time, even through the grind of me finishing law school. But then the kids came—10 and 8 now—and Nav built his IT consulting business while I built my law practice. With family and career, something had to give, and it turned out to be our sex life. 

I had realized, three weeks before, as we did our all too frequent ritual of sitting at our respective laptops on opposite sides of the dining room table (this qualified as "spending time together," you see, whereas if we had been doing the same thing at our desks in the home office, that would have been "working," and not "spending time together"—a distinction without a difference) that the time had come for drastic action if we were going to get back on track, sexually speaking. It's amazing that everyone equates Los Angeles with the city of perfect, hot bodies partying until all hours but with the rat race to keep up with careers and, the truth is that L.A. is the city where boners go to die.

"Nav," I had said that night, "sometime in the next month, schedule off a Monday. We're going away for a long weekend. Let me know when by tomorrow. I'll clear my calendar and set it up with your mom to keep the kids." I closed the case files I was working on and started researching campsites a not-to-distant drive from Los Angeles that would still be remote enough to give us some privacy. Nav had grumbled and agreed to give it a try, although he was an Angeleno born and bred after his parents came here from India, and he and had no interest in nature unless there was a coffee shop or sushi place nearby. The grumbling had only intensified after we dropped off the kids at his parent's house and began the climb into the mountains and he discovered couldn't get a signal for his iPhone. 

"This is bullshit, Abby," he'd complained. "You cannot tell me this is going to be more romantic than a few nights at the Ritz-Carlton." (Nav's idea of communing with nature involves 24-hour room service.) 

"Just give it a chance. You've always been a city boy. Even when you go to India, you never step outside a city. I'm just a girl from the Midwest who grew up camping and loved it. Try to be open-minded for me." He'd still grumbled, but at least the cursing had stopped.

Back at the picnic table, Nav stood and sipped his coffee as I watched him. Jesus, was he gorgeous. At 6'1", he was muscled and solid. He worked hard at a desk job that didn't use any muscles other than the hand he used to move his mouse around, but his office had a gym and he went there every day, eating lunch at his desk while he worked and then using his lunch break to go down and lift weights or work with the punching bag. His olive skin contrasted against the fair completion I'd inherited from my Slavic parents. We shared brown eyes, although his were darker, almost black, with an intensity that could take your breath away when he looked at you with anger or love or lust, although it had been too long since I'd seen much of any emotion. As he approached his 40th birthday, his hair was beginning to grey at the temples, which only made him sexier in my eyes. I laid my head against his stomach, wrapping my arms around him. "Isn't it amazing here, Nav?" I asked. "So quiet, no one around anywhere."

"It's too quiet. Birds tweeting is nice and all that, but I'm used to the noise of the city," he answered. I let him go and smiled up at him. 

"I can think of a few noises you might like to hear," I said, as the zzzzzzip of me pulling down the zipper of his cargo shorts joined the sound of bird calls. I reached into his shorts, slid my hand through the opening of his boxers and pulled out his cock, which was just beginning to harden.

"Abby," he hissed. "We're in public." 

"No, we're not," I answered as I stroked his thick shaft to hardness. "We're in the middle of nowhere. All the RV campsites are a mile away and the only other tent campers left an hour ago to go out on a hike with the camp host. So let me make a little noise for you, and maybe you'll make some for me," I said, lowering my mouth to his manhood and taking the bead of pre-cum that had formed there onto my tongue. I moved down to the base, bathing his entire cock with long strokes of my tongue that went from the root of him clear up the tip, then swirling my tongue around the head before I took him full in my mouth. Nav wrapped his hand into my long, dark auburn hair and growled, pushing his thick shaft deep into my mouth. 

The sound of the birds was soon joined by the slurping noise of his cock fucking wetly in and out of my mouth as I held him tightly, sliding up and down the shaft, my tongue curled up to rub against the sensitive ridge on the bottom of his shaft. I had spread my legs wide, the heat of the bench that had been warmed in the morning sunshine radiating up against my wet cunt. 

It wasn't long before Nav pulled hard on my hair, growling, "Fuck, Abby, coming," before filling my mouth with his warm, salty spunk. I swallowed and smiled up to him, licking my lips. He bent down and kissed me hard. 

"Finish your coffee and we'll go for a hike. I saw a two-mile loop that starts not far from here," I told him. "There's supposed to be good bird-watching spots along it." 

"So what birds are we looking for?" Nav asked when we located the trailhead. 

"I'm looking for a mushroom-headed woodpecker," I said, my voice serious. Nav wouldn't know a pelican from a whippoorwill, but he nodded sagely. About a mile down the trail, we came to a bench and plopped down. 

As he took a drink from his water bottle, I squatted down in front of him and whispered, "Shhhh, I think I've spotted the mushroom-headed pecker. Don't scare it off!" I rubbed my face against the fabric covering his crotch.

"Jesus, Abby, what's gotten into you?" he asked, finally getting my joke.

"Nothing. That's just it, Nav. There's nothing to do out here. No errands to run. No phone calls to answer. No email to return. No soccer game to get the kids to. Nothing other than me and you and Mother Nature." His cock was hardening as I spoke and I could feel a flush of moisture between my legs. "We haven't seen anyone on the trail the whole time we've been out here, but just keep an eye out." I unzipped his shorts and freed his cock for the second time that day. It had been like this for us in college. Going down on Nav had been like a drug; I needed it—the smell, the feel of his skin, the taste of his cum. We'd misplaced some of that along the way, but I didn't think it was lost for good. Even as I was lowering my mouth around his throbbing head, I was planning the next time I could suck him off, moaning as I felt him fill my mouth with his heat. At that moment, I didn't even care if other hikers did see us as I slid up and down on his shaft, never releasing my lips from him even as I pushed my shorts to the side and slid my fingers inside my panties, rubbing from the opening of my cunt up to my clit, bringing the sweet, slick moisture up as I did so. I was moaning now, the humming noise vibrating through Nav's pelvis as I worked him up and down. He grabbed a handful of my hair, a feeling I always loved as he pulled me down on him at the same time he pushed his hips up off the bench. I flicked my clit over and over, racing to catch up to my husband, who I could tell was about to go over the edge without me. 

And then the final push, as Nav thrust up hard, rewarding my efforts with his salty sweetness. I released him and swallowed, still rubbing myself frantically, my head resting on Nav's thigh until I came, my whole body rigid, then relaxing down onto the dirt of the trail. 

When we got back to the campground, we climbed into our tent, opening the flaps to let the air move through, and fell asleep on the AeroBed Nav had insisted he would not leave Los Angeles county without. I had to admit, it was more comfortable than the bedrolls of my younger years, and my joints appreciated it. I woke up from our nap before Nav did and slipped from the tent to make a small surprise for him. I started by blowing a wading pool the kids had outgrown, then fetched cool water from a spigot in the center of the tent campground to fill it up. I pulled two folding lounge chairs from the back of our SUV and set them up with thick towels at the top and put the foot end of both hanging over the pool. As I set up platters of fresh fruits, vegetables and dips, along with naan bread my mother-in-law had packed for us along with some traditional vegetable curries and spreads, I heard Nav start to stir.

I quickly opened two of his favorite beers and poured them into metal cups I had bought on our last trip to India—Nav was not the type to drink from a bottle, even in the middle of nowhere—and sat down on my lounge chair just as Nav came from the tent. 

"What's all this, Abbs?"

"What," I joked, "you don't recognize an infinity pool when you see one? The pool staff just came by with drinks and a late lunch or early dinner, whatever you want to call it." 

Nav settled into his chair and I brought over the food. "This could only be my mother's naan," he said as he spread it thick with toppings. 

"I've found in our many years of marriage that praising your mother's cooking and emphasizing the fact that even the finest restaurant could not come close to her food has helped her to forgive me for not being the Indian daughter-in-law she wanted."

"Well, you agreeing to the names Preeti and Samir didn't hurt any," he answered. We both knew she was secretly delighted that the kids looked more like Nav than me. We took our time to eat slowly, feeding each other small bites and kissing in between them. Each soft feel of his lips on mine was like a short burst of electricity, a current running between us, then breaking apart as Nav probed deeper into my mouth, swirling his tongue against mine. "Hold on a second," he said, breaking the kiss. "I want to add some more water." He grabbed the bucket and walked to the spigot. Returning with the full bucket, he leaned over my lounge chair and poured the water, not into the pool, but right onto me, soaking me from head to toe. I sprang out of the chair, sputtering. 

"That's freezing, Nav! What the heck?"

"I just thought you might need a little cool-down," he answered, his dark eyes filled with laughter. 

"Well now I'm more than cool!"

"I can tell," Nav replied, his voice husky and his eyes fixated on my body. I looked down. My light blue t-shirt was stuck to my body and you could see the outline of the pink of my nipples, which were hard and bumpy from the cold water, poking through it. My shorts, at least, were denim, otherwise my trimmed snatch would have been equally visible. Nav pulled me close and kissed me, the softness of before gone now as he crushed out bodies together. Each hand cupping an ass cheek, he pulled me close, grinding his hard cock into me. And then he was pulling at my clothes and his, stripping us both bare there in the fresh air and the sunshine. 

"Nav! Someone could see us!"

"You said yourself there is no one around," Nav answered, pulling me over to the picnic table next to our tent, which at least gave us some more cover from the trees and our vehicle. Bending me over the table, he stood behind me. I stared at his hands, stretched out on the table to steady himself, years of cuts from working out with the punching bag making a spiderweb across his knuckles as his hard cock rubbed between my thighs, gathering more and more of my silky wetness the more he slid back and forth. And then he was inside me, the motion of his cock filling my cunt telescoping so many of these moments into one endless moment of coming together. No feeling ever like the feeling of my husband deep inside me, hand in glove. 

"Oh, Nav, I love you. Fuck me. Don't ever stop fucking me. I've missed you so much."

Nav's arm was strong around my belly as he thrust into me again and again, like animal in heat. I lost myself in the moment, feeling nothing but the hardness of his cock pounding into me until I saw his hand on the table clench into a fist as he pushed deep into me, the throbbing of his orgasm filling me. And then just a moment of Nav holding me tight as I listened to his breathing return to normal against the sound of the wind in the trees. 

"I'm not finished with you, Abby. Turn around and suck me. I want to fuck you again," Nav ordered.

I couldn't get on my knees fast enough, loving the taste of his cum combined with my juices, the unique chemistry of us, loving the feel of his cock growing inside my mouth as I serviced him. I could have stayed there forever, loving his cock, knowing he was looking down at me, watching me take as much of him as I could, knowing that I loved ever second, every taste, every thrust of his cock between my lips. But Nav pulled me up and lifted me onto the picnic table, laying me down on the tablecloth. I looked up at the wisps of clouds, naked under the sun as Nav worked two of his fingers in and out of my cunt, then slipped a finger down, spreading my wetness down to my ass as he put one and then two fingers in and out of my backside. The camp host could have led a group of 20 hikers past our camp site at that moment and I wouldn't have stopped Nav from finger-fucking my asshole; I just moaned and pinched my nipples tight then reached down to circle my clit.

"Please, Nav, please," I moaned.

"Please, what?" He loved to make me beg for it.

"Please, Nav..." 

"Please, what, Abby?" he insisted, loving my discomfort but knowing I would beg for it. He could always make me beg for it. 

"Please fuck my ass. With your cock. Please," I whimpered as his fingers pistoning in and out of me made me dizzy and delirious with the need for his cock.

Nav slid back into my cunt, lubricating himself, then changed position and waited for me to breathe out and relax before sliding deep into my ass with a single thrust.

"Oh, Nav," I moaned. "Fuck. Fuck me. Fuck me." Nav obliged, but it wasn't enough. "Deeper, Nav, please, I need it," I begged shamelessly. "Fuck my ass deep, fuck it and make me come." Nav grabbed on to me and slammed into me, deep dicking my ass as I moaned my encouragement. "Oh, yes, like that, hard like that, deep like that. Fuck my ass, I'm going to come, I'm going to come," I was yowling like cat in heat as I flicked my clit faster and faster, climbing closer to my orgasm as the heat of Nav's savage fucking pushed every nerve into a tight jangle until everything fell away except for the exquisite agony of my climax, my ass and cunt pulsing together, squeezing Nav as he growled and emptied his seed into me. 

The rest of the evening passed in a blur. We cleaned up and went to lie down in the tent, but in moments we were on each other again, Nav's face buried in my pussy, me sucking Nav for what seemed like an hour until he came for me again, the delicious taste of his spunk better than our forgotten dinner. We drifted in and out of sleep, waking again and again as afternoon waned into evening into night, coming together in every manner of sexual meeting. In the morning, the tent reeked of sex, our sleeping bags stained and wet and messy. Nav and I just grinned at each other in the sunlight, him stubbly with his dark beard unshaven and my hair a mess of curls and tangles. 

We cleaned up, loaded up, and checked out of the campground. The first time we stopped for gas and a pee, I noticed with irritation that Nav had his iPhone out and was clicking away. "Can't wait to get back to our regular life, emails and to-do lists, huh?" I asked, with more than a tinge of annoyance.

"Actually, I was looking up nearby campgrounds," Nav answered with a wicked smile. "I think we need to do this more often."