 I woke up to an empty and cold bed. Jenny must have slipped out of my arms early this morning. And Anya… Anya may have been a little jealous that Jenny had been in her usual place; in my arms. I got up and went to the bathroom. I had a very quick shower; I wanted to know where the girls were. Perhaps they were already down stairs? But I couldn’t hear any moaning. I smiled. Last night was great. 

I got out of the shower and went downstairs with just a towel around my waist. Thinking about the two sisters in a heated 69 made my cock strain against my towel. I needed release. I went in to the lounge but found that there wasn’t anyone there. I was about to ring Anya’s mobile when I saw Jenny sitting on a kitchen stool finishing her breakfast. She was completely naked; apart from a black garter belt and fishnets adorned her beautiful legs. I sauntered up behind her and wrapped my arms around her and groped her boobs. She dropped back in to my chest, and I could feel her nipples start to harden against my palms. I kissed her neck, and made my way up to her mouth. She pushed her cereal bowl away as I sat on the stool next to her. Whilst we had our lips locked in passion, I reached behind Jenny and grabbed her ass. Mean while she untied the knot of my towel. Jenny stroked my cock up with her open palm. 

“Jesus! You’re already hard!” She gasped.

I moaned at her touch and picked her up by her ass and placed her in my laps. I dropped her down a little short; her pussy was just rubbing the underside of my cock. But damn she was wet. I left her rubbing her nub on my cock; as I enjoyed her boobs with my tongue. After a while I could feel drops of her juice congregating on my balls. Jenny had obviously had enough; she sat up and skewered herself on my rod. Her pussy felt great around my cock; I slid in with no resistance at all. I tried to lean back but was met with realisation that I was sitting on a stool. I rose up with Jenny still impaled on my cock, and walked across to the couch in the lounge. It was amazing how much shorter Jenny was compared to Anya; when I walked around with Anya impaled on my cock she came up to my nose at least. But Jenny only came up to my neck. 

I slumped back and thrust my hips to meet Jenny’s pounding. I slowed the pace down so I could prolong the fuck, and suck Jenny’s tongue in to my mouth. After about 10 minutes of kissing, and slow rocking Jenny surprised me by jumping off my cock with a pop. 

Jenny went down to her knees and started to roughly jerk me off with both her petite hands. She lowered her mouth to my head and licked around the tip. She then surprised me again by putting both her hands on my legs and deep throating me in one push. I looked at the in amazement and she giggled; the vibrations causing me to moan out loud. 

Jenny pulled off me again; once more with a pop. She then got on all fours and spread her ass cheeks wide. I smiled. 

“It’s not what you’re thinking! Remember I was a lesbian yesterday morning!” She laughed. 

I rubbed my head on her pussy lips wetting myself, and plunged once more in to the deep. I started off slow, but when Jenny started to push back at my thrusts I switched to a rougher speed. I replaced Jenny’s hands on her ass; she laid her head on her hands and closed her eyes. Jenny started to grunt and I knew her mind must be lost in our fuck. I moved my hands to her hips so I could fuck her with more force. 

Jenny started to scream; her pussy lips clamped down around my cock, and pussy juice started to gush out of her sopping cunt. Even though her pussy had tightened around my cock, the increase of juice allowed me to speed up my pounding. Jenny’s screams were becoming deafening, but her orgasm subsided; and she came back to earth. I relentlessly slammed in to her. We fucked for a further 5 minutes; I was so close to coming. The phone rang. Jenny scrambled up and I was taken out of her hot love pot. I groaned; I had still not came. 

Jenny stood there looking deliciously sexy talking to someone. I didn’t know who it was, and I didn’t care. I got back up and walked behind Jenny. I opened her ass cheeks once again and plunged myself in to her pussy. 

“Oh fuck!” Jenny moaned in to the phone. 

Jenny moved around to the couch, got on to it, and laid over the edge whilst still talking on the phone. I screwed her hard and fast, occasionally having to pull her back on to the couch after pushing her off with my hard thrusts. I spread her ass cheeks again, and stared at her ass. I silently resolved to teach her not to pull me out when I was so close to coming. I pulled out of her pussy, and Jenny grunted softly. I lined myself up with her rear hole, and added some pressure to it. To punish the little minx for leaving me in my current state; I drove my cock all the way up her ass. Neither of us was ready for the feeling. Jenny screamed about as loud as when she orgasmed; but she wasn’t orgasming. And I let out a roar; her ass was possibly the tightest thing that had ever been around my cock. I let her ass relax, and stretch fully to encompass my cock. After what felt like an eternity I felt that I could probably thrust in and out without causing too much pain. The first time I pulled out to my head Jenny screamed loudly. The second time she just grunted; and kept grunting until I lost count of how many thrusts I had done. Jenny started to moan. 

I remembered that by now her pussy had probably leaked so much juice that her chin was probably wet. I stuck two fingers up her pussy and she moaned louder; I was correct I had left her pussy empty for so long that it was flowing past her boobs. I took my cock out of Jenny’s ass, and slammed back in to her pussy. I fucked her pussy good and hard for about ten more strokes until Jenny screamed. Her pussy muscles clamped down on my cock, and I came. Her steamy pussy felt great around my cock as I shot my hot come in to her. Jenny’s pussy muscles had clamped me so tight, that none of my come leaked out. It was a hard job turning Jenny’s still clenched pussy around my cock so I could kiss her. I groaned in to her mouth, and pinched her nipples tightly. 

My orgasm settled down, but I could still feel come slithering up my cock and leaking in to Jenny’s pussy. I started to finger her ass. Jenny put her arms around me and kissed me. We stayed like that until Anya came home. I still had my finger up her little sister’s ass, as I was slowly pumped Jenny’s pussy with my cock. 

***Please give good or bad feedback***