 I had just spilt my last rope of come in to Jenny’s ass. I pulled out and admired the view. It was surprising how tight Jenny’s ass still was even though I had fucked in her ass so many times. These past few days must have been a wild time for the ex-lesbian; after realising her true heterosexuality she’s had my cock in all three of her tight little holes. Unfortunately she was leaving today… 

The porno I had put on whilst we were fucking had pretty much finished; one of the prisoners had just finished sucking the warden off, and was now on her way out of the prison (With the wardens help). Jenny put another one on whilst I lay on the three seater couch. As Jenny bent down to put the porno in to the DVD player she made no effort to hide her obvious wetness; I was gonna fuck her up her tight little cunt. Jenny lay down away from me; I had my arms around her waist. My cock was being hugged by her ass cheeks; as one of my hands sneaked down and played with her clit. 

The movie started and we were greeted by a very attractive blonde showing her white bikini clad body shamelessly. Jenny moaned her approval; I was reminded of her very pronounced bisexuality. Life was good. I moved my other hand to feel and grope Jenny’s boob. I pinched her nipple at the same time I shoved two of my fingers in to her little cunt. On screen the hot blonde was now fingering her pussy feverently; Jenny automatically made a move to align my cock with her pussy. I took her hand away from my cock; which slapped against her wet pussy. I moved her hand up to her clit; whilst I used both my hands to massage her tits. My cock meanwhile was rubbing against her pussy lips eliciting long and loud moans from Jenny’s mouth. 

The camera man in the porno had taken out his cock; and was having the blonde suck his balls. Jenny moved her head round and we met in a passionate kiss. I chose this moment to move my hips away from hers; and slowly plunge in to her sopping wet cunt with my entire length. I then continued to pump her slow; whilst all the time exploring her mouth with my tongue. 

I exited her mouth and started to kiss down her neck. Jenny moaned her appreciation and relaxed her neck; allowing me more access to her. My hands slithered down from her boobs to lie on her stomach; her skin was so soft, smooth and perfect. As I was slowly pumping in to her honey-pot I could feel her muscles begin to tighten around my cock; like the inevitability of the sea crashing against the rocks was the inevitability of her screaming orgasm. Her hot pussy juices flowed out of her pussy and trickled down to form a puddle around her leg. With one of my hands I reached down and dipped my two fingers in her juices; then brought it back up to Jenny’s waiting mouth. She violently sucked my fingers in to her mouth; the taste of her own juices only heightened her orgasm and lengthened it. 

Jenny’s orgasm subsided; and she was left glowing with my hard cock still fully inside her. I didn’t thrust; but just enjoyed the feeling of having her hot, tight pussy around my cock. I sucked Jenny’s neck; and started to once again grope her boobs. Jenny’s hard nipples felt great on the palm of my hands. I started to pinch her eraser like nipples; eliciting more moans from the younger sister of my girlfriend. 

Jenny’s moans were making me ever hornier. My cock seemed to have a mind of its own; I involuntarily started to pump Jenny’s cunt again. I could feel her juices starting to flow once more; making my pumping slicker by the second. Jenny was obviously getting in the mood a lot more; as she started to buck against cock; making circular motions with her hips. Because of these circular motions; every time my cock entered her tight cunt, I thrust at a different angle. The feeling for both of us was magnificent. Jenny’s moans were becoming screams; as we started to come together. I could feel my come finally travelling the length of my cock; and exiting with a mighty force. I kept pumping throughout our shared orgasm. 

Jenny’s pussy pumped the last drop of come out of my cock; but I was still hard. Jenny looked round at me and kissed me. The brief, but wonderful kiss was broken by Jenny; she had different plans. Jenny turned around so she was facing me; the cool air was a shock to my cock as I had been in Jenny’s pussy for so long. Jenny was also surprised when my cool cock slid back in to her pussy. 

“I thought I left that feeling behind with the non-heating vibrators!” Jenny laughed as she swung her leg over so I was lying in a combined puddle of sweat, and pussy juice. Sex on a leather couch was VERY wet. Jenny started to bounce on my cock; whilst trying in vain to sweep her long, silk-like, brown hair behind her. In this position her boobs poked out a little more; and were practically begging me to be groped. I started to grope her wonderful boobs whilst Jenny gave up on her hair; and just did a bun with it instead. Her hands came to rest on chest balancing her whilst she aggressively sprung on my cock. Jenny stopped bouncing on my cock and instead started to move back and forth on my cock. Her body was like a wave. As her pussy went back and forth; towards, and away from me. Because of this style of fucking my cock was being pumped, but then it was also changing angle very rapidly. The affect was that it felt great on the bass of my cock. I lowered my hands so they rested on her hips; and guided her motions. Jenny stopped moving, and lowered her head towards mine as we shared a kiss. Her mouth still held the taste of her pussy juice from when I stuck my pussy juice clad fingers in to Jenny’s mouth. 

I could feel my come once again rising to the tip of my cock; this was going to be the second blast of come that I would have shot in Jenny’s pussy. My hot come shot out of my cock, and mixed with Jenny’s juices for a second time that day. It felt great to have Jenny’s pussy muscles trying to pump all the come out of my cock whilst I took over the thrusting and help Jen-puss’s cause best I could. My orgasm died down, and Jenny lay on my chest. I was still hard! I guess my cock knew that this was the last day I was gonna be spending with this tight pussy. 

***Please give feedback! Good or bad!***