 PRELUDE

Cathleen and I had just finished our first round of sex at her apartment. In the past, our sexual adventures always took place in the office, my car or a hotel room. She recently got divorced and moved into her own apartment. Of course, I helped her with the move. Now that the infidelity was no longer an issue we still had to be careful about the workplace. Our affair had been going on for three years and to date we have managed to keep it a secret and remain discreet. She had been my admin assistant for five years and the first two years it was strictly business.

To look at her, one would never guess that she would be a woman that I would pursue. She was not beautiful but not sore to the eye either. Her body was firm and toned and at 36 years old she was solid. She worked out three days a week. At 5'5" she weighed a fit 120 pounds. Her hair was short blonde and coarse, which she hated. She had small breasts which were like little mounds on her chest. Her belly was flat and firm and her legs shapely and somewhat muscular. Then there was her ass and oh what an ass. If I could design one it would be modeled after hers and the best thing of all is that she loved anal sex.

I was the same age at 36 years, 6'1" and 195 pounds. I too was in good shape as I was very active outside the office. My favorite activities included; tennis, golf, skiing, gym workouts and SCUBA divining. I belonged to a ski club and a SCUBA club. My hair was light brown which a kept cut short, a habit from my military days. I had hazel eyes and the girls seemed to love them. Cathleen wasn't my only lover as I dated a number of young women but she was by far the best yet to come along in my life.

That evening we had not yet engaged in anal sex as we always liked saving that for last. We had had oral and vaginal sex and we had both cum, me once and her several times. Now as we sat naked in her bed she asked me about the first time I had anal sex and how I became so addicted to it. I was just as curious about her first time and why she loved it so much. We refreshed our wine and then shared our first and early experience. She wanted me to go first.

WALT'S STORY

It was in 1969 and I had been living and working in New York since 1963. I was discharged from the service in 1963 and then went to college at night on the G.I. Bill. On weekends in the summer time many of us headed to the Long Island Beaches. I was 28 at the time and after a day in the sun, I headed to the local favorite watering hole. It was mobbed with people and about 50 /50 girls and guys. I struck up a conversation with this one fairly attractive brunette named Abby, short for Abigail. 

We hit it off and she was just a year younger than me. We danced on the crowded floor and it became clear that she was up for sex that evening. I asked her if she wanted to come to my room and she jumped at the offer. She was sharing a room with two other girls and that wouldn't work. We left the bar and we went over to my motel room. 

Things moved fairly quickly as we began petting and kissing. I was fondling her medium size breasts through her top and she was squeezing my cock through my pants. I removed her top and kissed her lovely tits and sucked on her rock-hard nipples. Trailing kisses from her titties over her firm tummy. She was now panting with desire and I unfastened her Capri slacks and slide them down her legs. Her pussy was well trimmed beneath her see through panties.

Wasting no time, I slid the panties down and off her legs. Now she was completely naked and I was still fully dressed. I moved my mouth close to her pussy and blew on it. Her body lurched forward in response. I teased her a while longer and then fastened my mouth to her sweetness. Licking around her entrance, I flicked my tongue at her clit several times before she grabbed my head and pulled to her. My mouth engulfed her pussy and I probed it with my tongue and alternately nibbled on her aroused clit. Abby had a massive orgasm and drenched my face.

I had heard of squirters but had never been with one until then. It was pretty wild and a complete turn-on to see her cum like that. I licked her dry and she was gasping and breathing deeply. Then she spoke softly.

"My turn, stand up."

I stood up and she leaned in to unfasten my pants. Her cute titties tilted upward with swollen nipples. I pulled my shirt over my head and she pulled my pants and underwear down to my knees. My 7" cock sprang out and she quickly covered it with her mouth. She bobbed her head up and down as she held to my muscular thighs. Pulling me closer to her, she took all 7" in her mouth. No girl had ever deep-throated me before then but she seemed comfortable doing it and did not gag. 

Her hands then moved to my testicles and perineum. She gently massaged my balls and stroked the hardness of my perineum. Abby knew what she was doing and I was ready to shoot at any second. I warned her and she took her mouth off my cock and stroked it until I shot gobs of semen into the air. Once the initial barrage subsided she took my cock back in her mouth and sucked it again, draining the shaft of any remaining semen. I pushed her back on the bed as I planned to slip my still hard dick in her pussy but she stopped me.

"No don't, not there."

"Are you still a virgin?"

"No but I don't want your cock there. You can put it in my ass. I love it in the ass."

"Really, in your ass?"

Haven't you ever fucked a girl in the ass?"

"No, I haven't."

"Well then its time and you're going to love it."

Abby got out of bed and took a tube from her purse. She got back in bed on all fours and handed me the tube. She placed her head down on her folded hands and arched her back emphasizing the shape of her curvy bottom. I had fucked girls doggy-style and admired their asses but never had thought of putting my cock in one.

"Lube me thoroughly and put plenty on your cock too."

I had to admit that I got turned on lubricating her nether hole and my cock was rock-hard again. I smeared lube all over my shaft and then moved in closer placing the head at her anus. She reached back and held my cock guiding it into her anal passage. The soft spongy head popped through and she held me in place for a few seconds. Then she began to rock back and forth allowing my cock to go in deeper. She controlled the penetration and moved slowly until I was balls deep in her ass.

"Now fuck me, fuck my ass."

I moved slowly still a bit worried that I might hurt her. She was into it and I was too. I loved watching my cock slide in and out between her curvy buttocks. I have to say it was the most erotic experience in my life at the time. Caressing her lovely ass added to my excitement and I was soon drilling her hard and fast.

"I love your cock. It's perfect, not to big but big enough. Do you like my ass? How does it feel?"

"I'm loving it. Your ass is beautiful and sensual."

"Keep fucking me and cum in my ass. I want to feel it."

Just as she asked I kept fucking her ass and I savored every minute I was in her glorious bottom. I had never thought about anal sex with other girls but now I knew I was hooked. Her passage was snug and held my cock securely. Suddenly I felt the surge and seconds later my load spewed into her channel.

"Oh yeah, give me your cum. I love it. Cum in me."

It had to be one of the biggest ejaculations of my life. I flooded her rectum with my seed and plunged my cock all the way in her. Her sphincter massaged my shaft and I remained still relishing the exquisite sensation. Looking at her lovely bottom, I caressed the smooth buttocks and tapped them so that they would jiggle. Abby moved away from me but did not go prone on the bed. I stared at her anus and she expelled the semen. It was an unbelievable sight. Next, she flopped face down and I lay down along side of her. She turned her face to be kissed and I kissed her and we cuddled for several minutes.

"Can I stay here tonight?"

"Of course, I would love it if you stayed."

We cuddled in a spoon position with her back toward me. My lower body pressed against her buttocks and my right arm draped over her body and I caressed her titties. We fell asleep pressed against each other with my hand holding her breast. It was very early in the morning when I got another erection and she guided it back into her ass. We fucked on our sides and she positioned my hands on her breast and pussy. I fingered her and diddled her clit as I fucked her ass and she went wild. I came again too but it was not a huge ejaculation. 

The following morning was odd because I was always used to fucking an overnight squeeze with my morning piss hard-on. Instead I went to the bathroom and emptied my bladder. I returned to bed and Abby moved into a 69 position with me on our sides. She sucked my cock as I ate her pussy and she told me to put my fingers in her ass. I put one and then added a second finger to her bottom and she came quickly drenching my face again. 

I hadn't cum and I was glad because I wanted her ass again. She had me fetch the lube and prepare her bottom for another butt fuck. However first she wanted me to rim her, lick her anus. That was a shocker for me as I couldn't fathom putting my tongue in someone's ass. She assured me that she was clean as she had douched her ass earlier. I trusted her and honored her request. She moved to all fours and arched her back and her ass looked irresistible.

Tentatively I moved my face close to her anus and she actually smelled fragrant. I tested her rubbery ring with the tip of my tongue and there was not the pungent taste I had expected. I got bolder and soon I was into rimming her anus and she was loving it. I was okay with probing her deeper with the tip of my tongue as I caressed her lovely buttocks. I sensed that she had a mild orgasm and then she called out to me.

"Oh, that was wonderful. Now lube my ass and fuck me."

Picking up the lube, I worked it into her passage. I was really into fingering her ass now and getting it ready for my cock. Once she was well-lubed, I greased my dick and slipped it into her. I realized that I loved being in her ass and that in the future anal sex would play a big part in my life. This time when I came it was a huge load and I filled her rectum to capacity.

"Oh my God, that feels so good. I love being this full of cum."

As before, I caressed her lovely buttocks as she milked my cock dry. Her rectum was so full she asked me to get a towel for her. She held the towel to her bottom as she made her way onto the bathroom. Minutes later I heard the shower running and I knew we were done for the day. After she showered so did I and then we got dressed and went to breakfast. 

Over breakfast she told me about the all-girls college that she attended. Many of the girls were into eating pussy and having their bottoms penetrated. They would often 69 and feed tapered items into their lover's ass. They often used candles and sometimes carrots that they got from the kitchen. Abby said some of the staff got involved and they were more sophisticated using dildos and beads. She had been invited to a party with other girls and faculty where she was fucked with strap-on dildos in both her pussy and her ass.

I told her the story about her college days got me turned-on again. She suggested going back to the motel room where I fucked her ass one more time. It had been an incredible time with her and introduction to my new world of anal sex. I knew from that encounter going forward that I would always look at a beautiful ass differently.

CATHLEEN'S STORY

"That is really a wild and hot story. I'll tell you about my first time now and it is almost unbelievable."

I was working in Washington before I moved to the Midwest. It was not uncommon for us to go out for drinks on a Friday after work. I was with a bunch of colleagues and as the night went on, people paired off and left. Soon it was just me and two guys and they invited me to their place for a so-called nightcap. I had already drunk more that I should have but I was in the mood for sex so I agreed.

We got to their apartment and things moved quickly. It didn't take long before we were all naked and in one of the beds. The two of them were all over me and I could feel their erections against my naked skin. One of them was big but not as big as you. The other guy had an interesting cock as it was about 6" long and tapered. The base was thicker than the head. The next thing was that I was sucking the dick of the bigger guy named Curt and the other guy, Bruce began playing with my ass. I was on all fours with Curt's cock in my mouth and I felt my ass being lubed and probed with a finger. 

"I haven't done that before," I told them nervously.

Curt answered, "Don't worry babe, you'll love it. Your ass was made to have a cock in it and by the time we're done with you, you'll be begging for more."

Curt then held onto my head as Bruce slipped his cock into my ass. I had never had a cock in my ass but his felt more like a thick finger. He didn't go deep at first but once I opened up he was all the way in. It felt strange but at the same time it was a turn-on. 

I kept sucking Curt as Bruce fucked my ass. I was sure that I would have really protested if I hadn't had so much to drink. Without warning, Curt came in my mouth and it was an explosion. I swallowed as fast as I could as he kept flooding my mouth. Then I felt the strange sensation of Bruce cumming in my ass. I had never felt anything like it and it seemed so naughty and wicked. However, I actually liked the feel of the warm cum soothing my passage. My pussy was on fire and I need to cum. 

Curt flipped me over and dove into my pussy. A few licks of his tongue and I was creaming his face. The next thing I knew is that that I was back on all fours and this time sucking Bruce's cock. I didn't even give it a thought that it had just been in my ass. Next, I felt Curt behind me and I was anxious to feel his cock in my pussy. However, he had other ideas and I felt the mushroom head push past my anus. Bruce held me in place by my ears and I was helpless to do anything.

I stopped sucking cock momentarily as I was breathing deeply and gasping for air. The pain at first was nearly unbearable and then it turned to a bloating sensation. It took a while but the pain was gone and I just felt stuffed in my bottom. Curt moved in and out and I'm sure the tightness caused him to cum quickly. I felt another load shoot into my rectum which was now filled to capacity. Curt eased out of my ass and I flopped down forgetting about Bruce's cock. 

The next thing I knew was that Bruce mounted me while lying face down and he put his cock back in my ass. He came again and then he was quickly replaced by Curt who fucked my bottom and came a second time in my ass. I then had four loads in my ass which was no longer virgin territory. The feeling of constipation was overwhelming and all night I felt that I had to poop. They left me in that bed and I dozed off to sleep with semen oozing from my bottom. Eventually I got up. Found the bathroom and cleaned my bottom.

The next morning there was no rest for me. Both guys fucked me with their morning piss hard-ons until I begged them to let me rest. I had a string of continuous orgasms and I was drained. They were just getting started though and they were back at my ass. Again, Bruce went first to loosen me up a bit and then it was Curt. They both came in my ass and I felt as if I was given an enema. They let me rest and then they took me into the shower. They washed me and douched my pussy and ass. I had never had anyone else douche my body before and it was kind of erotic. 

We had a hearty breakfast and then they were back at me. Bruce got underneath me to eat my pussy and I leaned over him to suck his cock. Then I felt Curt's tongue on my anus. He lovingly caressed my bottom as he probed the taut entrance to my ass. I was going wild with the dual tongue action and I came very quickly. I continued to suck Bruce's cock and then felt Curt lubricating my anus again. He eased his cock in slowly and it was still uncomfortable at first but not painful. He spoke to me again.

"You're loving this aren't you Cathleen. It's Just what you wanted, a cock in your mouth and one in your ass."

It was difficult to concentrate on sucking Bruce's cock with the bigger one worming its way into my bottom. Soon Curt was all the way in and he was moving easily in and out fucking my ass. It didn't take long with my tightness for him to cum and he shot another big load in me. He eased out and then switched places with Bruce except that his cock was at my pussy.

This time Curt had me straddle him and lower my pussy onto his shaft. I was glad to have a cock back in my pussy. Then I felt Bruce behind me and he slipped his tapered cock back into my ass. It was my first double penetration and it was kind of exciting. The cock in my ass slid easily in and out as I focused on the one on my pussy. 

"Your first DP Cathleen, how do you like it? Babe you are a natural for anal," Curt called out.

It was the wildest thing I had ever experienced and I felt very naughty but sexy too. Curt did not cum again but Bruce did and once again I had another load in my rectum. The guys eased out of me and the next thing was I heard water running in the bathroom. They were running a bath for me so I could relax while they got lunch ready. I savored the bath and soaked for a long time. When I got out and dried off, I looked for my clothes. 

"You won't need them until tomorrow," Curt told me.

The three of us ate lunch naked and in fact stayed naked all day. We watched TV with me sitting in the middle between them. They played with my small titties and pussy as I played with their dicks. There was no more sex until after dinner and then I was butt fucked by both of them again. Then we all showered and turned in to sleep.

Sunday was nearly a repeat of Saturday as the day started with them fucking my pussy with their morning erections. Then it was another butt fucking session with them both but this time it got a little bit kinky. Bruce fucked my ass first and following Curt's instructions, he pulled out before he came and ejaculated on my buttocks and anus. He was aiming his cock right at my nether hole. Then he pushed it back in along with some of his cum. He fucked me a while longer, pulling out gathering more semen and then re-entering my passage. It was like a game he was playing with my ass.

Bruce moved away but my ass wasn't vacant for long as Curt quickly filled it with his thicker cock. He fucked me until it was time to cum and then he too pulled out and shot his load at my anus with some of it landing on my buttocks. I could feel the syrupy fluid dribbling down over the lips of my vagina. Curt pushed his cock back in and as Bruce had down, did it several times. Each time he re-entered my ass he pushed more semen back in it. Finally, the game was over but my pussy was on fire and I needed relief. 

Curt was still hard so he had me sit on his dick. I rode him fast keeping his cock in contact with my clit and then I exploded. I collapsed on his body and he held me to him. His cock was still in my pussy but he wasn't moving. His hands moved down to my buttocks and pulled my cheeks apart. Then I felt Bruce shove his tapered cock back in my bottom. I was well stretched by then and his cock moved around in my ass with ease. He came again but this time in my ass. Surprisingly as if my sphincter had a mind of its own, it was milking his shaft dry.

"Oh Curt, she's milking my cock. I can feel her gripping my dick."

"That's the girl Cathleen, I told you that you would be loving this."

Bruce let his cock soften in me before moving away and then Curt moved me off of him. The next thing I was back on my knees with my head on the mattress and Curt was lubing my anus again. He was thoughtful, as even though Bruce had just been there, he prepared me for his thicker cock. He eased it into my ass and fucked me for what seemed like hours before he came again. He was obviously savoring the time he was in my bottom. He caressed my cheeks all the time. As with Bruce when I felt the discharge my sphincter took over and milked the shaft dry.
