 This is a true story. I wrote it down for a man who is, so perfectly, fucking my mind.

* * * * *

So you want to hear a cock story? Okay, this happened when I was 25. I had just moved into an apartment complex with one of my girlfriends. It was a fairly new complex that housed mostly young, single people. 

As the weather goes in So. California, most days were warm and the sun was shining, so I would get home from work, put on my bikini and head out to the pool. I want to tell you that during that time my measurements were 36/24/36 and just like that song I was built like a brick house. 

Anyway, during my afternoon sun bathing sessions I met this guy that also lived in the complex. He was really cocky...hahaha...thought he was big shit and I am generally not attracted to men like this (of course later I was to find out that he acted this way to attract me, like some old mating ritual from before time remembers.)

But he had this bulge between his legs that left me panting! He would lay in the sun with his legs a little open and in a position so that I could always see inside his bathing boxers. After about a week of this I knew I had to have that cock. I wanted to smell it and taste it and feel it deep deep inside me. So I did what any other woman should have done, I approached him and started making small talk with him.

He was absolutely gorgeous. I think maybe one of the best male bodies I've ever had. He had blue, blue eyes, and black black hair and no hair on his chest and completely rippled, six-pack muscled abs. But what I truly wanted was his cock. 

So after about 1/2 hour of talking to him I asked him if he was thirsty and if he wanted to come up to my apartment for a drink. So picture this; I'm wearing a skimpy black and white bikini, my body is covered in coconut oil and here is this man, with but a hint of suntan lotion and smelling like the sun and that manly sweat smell that drives me nuts and nothing on but a smile and some boxers. The boxers had to come off at once.

I walked to the refrigerator and got him some iced tea and got me some too. I gave him my best come-hither look and said, "Let's drink these in the bedroom baby." So, like a little puppy dog, he followed me into my bedroom and onto my king sized waterbed. I slowly stripped off my top for him, letting my big, marvelous tits spill out and of course, he was all over me in a second. Kissing me, kissing my tits, rubbing the oil into my body, pressing that hard cock against me. 

He laid me down on the bed and took off my bikini bottom and immediately went down on me. Poor dear, he had no idea how to eat pussy. It felt terrible and it's not what I wanted at all. I wanted his cock! 

Anyway, I finally pushed him off me and onto the bed, straddling him. Ooooh now I had him. Now I could indulge in doing what I wanted and he was just a passive little boy beneath me (told you I had dom tendencies!) So ever so slowly I kissed and licked behind his ear, and down his neck and between the shoulder blades. By now my beautiful man had a raging hard on inside the boxers and I could feel it at the crack of my perfectly poised ass. Oh but I was going to torture myself before I got there, I was going to enjoy his body for just a short time before I just concentrated on his gorgeous cock. 

I kissed his bare chest, licking the salt and lotion off his body, then to his nipples where I sucked and licked lightly. Oh yes, he was moaning now, telling me how gorgeous I was and how great it all felt to him. Well of course it did, I was worshipping him and at the same turning myself on incredibly. 

I got to his belly button and there I kissed and licked and sucked. By now I could smell him, I could smell his cock; but there were other smells, chlorine on the boxers and lotion on his legs. I couldn't wait any longer, but I made myself go slow. I took his boxers off, sliding them down his legs while my head followed, kissing his thighs, the inside of his knees. Awwww, and now, those boxers were finally gone. 

Like a lioness crawling towards her kill, I slowly moved up and across his legs. Can you just see me, hair tousled over my shoulders, dreamy, dreamy look on my eyes as I focused on that which I wanted more than anything?

And then, I was there. The first thing that hit me was the sight of him. He was a little bigger than average, I'd say about 7" (but that is the perfect size, is it not?) with a very smooth shaft. The head of his cock was magnificent, like a perfect pink mushroom waiting to be eaten by the hungry lioness. And then, there was the smell of him. How do you describe the smell of cock? I've never quite been able to do it but yet, I would recognize it anywhere. I put my head between his balls so I could smell him. MMMMMMMMMM. And then, I put my hand on his shaft. So smooth, soft and yet hard. Such a perfect, perfect fit in my hand. I could place almost my whole hand around him, but he was thick (is there anything better in life than a thick cock? I am hard pressed to think of one at the moment...) so my middle finger did not quite touch my thumb. I stroked it gently. Up and down. It needed lubrication and I had just the perfect thing. 

And then, I lowered my head and licked the head. Circling it slowly. So smooth under my tongue. The very tip so very soft. I licked lower, beneath the head and then down one side of the shaft and then the other. All the way down to his balls. And I licked those too. I wanted to fuck his cock with my mouth. I wanted him to remember that he had never ever been made to feel like this by any other woman and that he would be hard pressed to ever find it again. Because I wanted to worship that cock. Because for that one moment in time, it was mine to do with as I wanted. So I licked and then I sucked his balls and then my hands were there while my hot, pretty mouth moved back over the head.

Where I gently sucked as I my tongue played. More, taking the shaft into my mouth, feeling the head hit the back of my throat. My hands now on the shaft, moving up as my mouth went up, down as my mouth went down. Making a warm, soft sleeve for his cock, the feel of mouth and hand. By now he was letting off and that combined with my saliva was more than the necessary lubrication that I needed. 

And then I kind of went on autopilot. Not really thinking at all, just following that dance that has been danced for all of time by women like me that love to suck cock. And soon I could feel him swell and I knew that he was going to cum and I knew that I wanted all of that cum in my mouth because that was the last piece of the puzzle. The last sensation, to taste his hot, creamy spunk. Then it was there, in my mouth for me to savor. He didn't taste acidy and it wasn't by any means sweet but I've never tasted another like it. It was delicious and I swallowed it all, secretly wanting more. 

I looked up at his eyes and saw nothing but hero worship there. Funny, he was worshipping me while I was worshipping him. 

I did get around to fucking him that day. Do you want to hear about it?