 Only three weeks remained in the semester, and the pressure was starting to build. Denise, a college professor who taught a required senior course, looked up from the stack of papers on her desk and looked at the clock. Groaning at the realization that it was already past 8pm, she rubbed her temples and closed her eyes. "10 term papers graded, 20 to go," she thought to herself. She was contemplating whether to keep plugging away or call it a night when she was startled by a knock on her open door.

"Oh Kyle, hello!"

"Hi Professor," Kyle said, "Sorry if I caught you off-guard - did I just wake you up?"

Laughing, Denise reassured him, "No, no, you're fine - I was just thinking about everything I need to get done in the next few weeks. Students never realize that end of the semester is crunch time for us professors, too!"

Kyle smiled, "I know," he acknowledged as he hesitated nervously. "Ummm there was something I wanted to talk to you about. I know I don't have an appointment or anything, and I can come back another time when you have some free time, I'm sure you're trying to get home to be with your-"

"Have a seat," she interrupted, "you're already here and I could use a break. What's up?"

Denise had had a thing for Kyle since the first day of the semester when he walked into her classroom. He was the tall, athletic type - blond hair, blue eyes, and a broad, muscular chest beneath his snug-fitting A&F shirts, with huge biceps popping out of his shirt sleeves. He wasn't the sharpest tool in the shed, but he was funny, polite, and sweet in her class. Kyle had taken up residence in her spank tank, the object of many of her late-night fantasies and bedroom solo sessions. She could only imagine how much strength this stallion probably had in bed!

"Well, as you know, I'm supposed to graduate this semester, but those last two tests were really hard. I mean, I read the material and studied hard, but I failed both of them...," his voice trailed off in disappointment as she looked at him sympathetically. "So now I'm worried that I might not pass your class and be able to graduate!"

In her head, she began to think of ways she might be able to give him extra credit. Perhaps a few extra problems.. an extra article to read and write a paper on.. maybe help with grading these papers..

"So, Professor," he said as he sat down across from her and leaned forward, looking imploringly into her eyes, "is there anything I can do to get some extra points so I pass?"

"Hmmm.. let me take a look in my filing cabinet, I might I have something I used in a past semester that I could give you to work on."

Denise stood up and walked around to the other side of the desk where Kyle sat, brushing past him in the cramped office as she went to her cabinet. As she walked past him, she caught a whiff of his sexy, youthful cologne and breathed deeply to savor the scent. 

As Denise leaned over to open the bottom drawer, Kyle couldn't help but admire her shapely ass, a mere foot away. She always dressed professionally in a suit, but today her black skirt seemed to slide up a little higher than usual, giving him a glimpse of the garter that held up her silky black stocking. Kyle couldn't take his eyes off of her as she absentmindedly rummaged through the bottom drawer.

Continuing to look through the papers, Denise was too distracted to realize Kyle had stood up and was now standing inches behind her. 

Suddenly she felt his big, strong hands on her hips, then one hand slid down the cheek of her ass, and she froze. "Ohmygod ohmygod ohmygod, what the hell is happening," was all that raced through her mind as she reconciled in her mind what was going on.

"You have got to be THE hottest professor in this school... you know that?" he said seductively as he slid a hand underneath her skirt and back up to her hip, lifting her skirt to get a clear view of her thonged ass.

"Kyle," she hissed, "what are you doing?" But as surprised as she was, she wasn't upset - in fact she had secretly fantasized about this exact situation.

Kyle used his heel to push her door shut as he whispered huskily, "Come on, Professor, admit it - you want me as much as I want you. And I'll do anything for an A," emphasizing the "anything" part.

As Denise began to stand up, Kyle pushed himself forward, pressing the bulge in his pants against the small of her back, forcing her against the filing cabinet.

"You feel that?" he asked as she silently nodded, "how long has it been since you've had young cock?"

All Denise could do was moan with need and desire. Kyle pushed her hair to the side and gently kissed her neck as he reached around to grope her tits through her shirt.

"Kyle," she whispered in partial resistance, "I am flattered - really I am - but we can't do this! I'm your Professor, this is wrong!" Denise gently pushed his hand off her breasts and tried to squirm out of his grasp, but he continued to push his clothed hard-on against her. "Kyle, seriously, we can't!"

But Kyle wasn't going to give up so easily. He wrapped both of his strong arms around her, holding her arms gently but firmly in place, as he slowly yet firmly dry-humped her back, making sure she could feel what he had for her. Denise stood there frozen, with an angel on one shoulder and the devil on the other, trying to decide if she should put a stop to this or give in to temptation.

With his left arm wrapped around her, pinning her left arm against her side while using his left hand to grasp her right forearm, Kyle slid his right hand under her skirt and into her panties, where wetness was already accumulating. Feeling the slipperiness of her hairless folds, he leaned his head forward and chuckled into her ear, "You obviously want me, too, don't try to deny it. Damn, woman, you are soaked!"

"Ohhhhh Kyle," she moaned gently as he continued to finger her. His finger slipped around her slick folds as he explored her pussy. "Oh!" she called out in surprise.

Kyle released his grasp, convinced that Denise wouldn't try to stop him or get away. Still standing behind her, he kissed her neck while using one hand to unbutton her blouse and the other to slide his athletic shorts and boxers down, releasing his raging cock.

Unable to see what was going on, but enjoying the sensations, Denise pushed her ass back against him as his fingers lightly ran over the outside of her lace bra. Kyle took a moment to unfasten her bra, releasing the pressure from her huge tits - the same tits that had tantalized him all semester as he enjoyed youthful fantasies of bending his hot teacher over the desk and having his way with her. Girls his own age were certainly sexy, but slightly older women has more experience and fewer hang-ups and insecurities, which turned him on.

"Mmmmmmmmmmmmm," she moaned in approval, still unable to see anything he was doing behind her, but fully enjoying his touch. She knew this encounter was so wrong, but she wanted it so badly.

With one hand fondling her now bare breasts, Kyle used the other hand to slide Denise's loose skirt up over her ass, exposing her to him. "Oh fuck yeah, that's what I like," he said in approval of her ass as he pushed his hot cock against the small of her back, sliding it up and down the crack of her ass with his pre-cum as lube.

"Oh God, Kyle, you are driving me wild!" she groaned.

"You wanna feel this?"

"Mmm-hmmmm... I do.."

"You mean like this?" he teased as he ran his steely pole along the slit of her pussy, without entering her, running his head up to her clit. She was so wet that his dick glided effortlessly along her folds - there was no artificial lube in the world that was as slick as her horny crevice.

"No," she replied, "I want it IN me!" Denise arched her back to try to impale herself on his cock, but he quickly pulled away to tease her further.

With Denise facing her desk, Kyle massaged her breast and pinched her nipple while using the other hand to push her chest forward, down onto her desk, leaving her pert ass in the air. Teasingly, he held his cock with his fist, leaving only the head exposed and thrust it inside her - only letting her feel the tip of him inside her pussy.

"Fuck, Kyle, give it to me already!"

Kyle used his hand to grasp behind her knee, guiding her leg up onto the chair so that she was fully exposed for him.

"Mmmmm... Now that is gorgeous! You want my meat buried in that pretty pink pussy of yours?"

"Yes, yes!!"

"Like this?" he teased, as he again only inserted the very tip of his hot, throbbing cock into her pussy.

"No - more!"

"Or like this?" he asked as he suddenly rammed the full length of his 9" hot cock deep inside her. 

Denise cried out in surprise then replied, "Yes, just like that!"

Kyle reached around her waist and settled his finger on her clit while fucking her forcefully from behind. The thickness of his young, throbbing cock was stretching her, filling her up and driving her wild - but unfortunately they both knew that his youthfulness would limit his ability to hold off.

Kyle slowed his pace and fucked her slowly but fully as he rubbed her clit with one hand and squeezed her tits with the other. "Professor, you are so fucking hot!" He leaned over and kissed and licked her neck, trying to stimulate her in as many ways as possible.

Denise moaned at the excitement of the situation. She hadn't even laid eyes on him since the moment his hand began touching her hip. With her back to him, she was living out one of the fantasies she had had about Kyle all semester. Hot Fratboy Kyle. Studmuffin extraordinaire. She giggled to herself while savoring the full length and thickness of his cock.

The excitement of the situation drove her wild, and she knew it wouldn't take long to cum, especially since this was the best lay she had had in years! Part of her wondered if this was all just a dream! Within seconds, she began to feel the telltale tingle of her impending orgasm. Her clit became extra sensitive and she lost feeling in her toes. Denise began to pant and she lost herself in the sensation as Kyle fucked her pussy and fingered her clit to orgasm.

Suddenly the orgasm gripped her and she screamed out unexpectedly. Kyle loved that he was driving her wild like this and fucked her harder, slamming his cock into her pussy while continuing to finger her. When she reached the peak of her orgasm, he could feel her pussy tighten and contract around him, milking his horny dick rhythmically.

He continued to touch, grope, and fuck her as he felt his own orgasm building, but he increased the speed. His frenzied pace of fucking her made her tits bounce around like crazy, and he felt his release quickly approaching. Just as he was about to cum, he pulled his cock out and began to release blasts of hot, thick, sticky cum all over her ass, back, and thighs. He stroked and pulled on his rock-hard cock, still soaked from her juices, to pull every last drop of cum out and onto her. "FUUUCCCKKKK!" he yelled as he finished off.

Exhausted, he stood there woozily and pulled her back against his chest. "Professor, that was amazing!"

"Yes it was, Kyle - wow!"

"So now... about that grade... do I deserve an A?"

"No, I don't think so."

"What? Why not?" he asked with surprise.

"Because that was an A+ performance for sure!"

Kyle and Denise both laughed as he continued to hold her in his arms. He kissed her on the neck and whispered, "Have a good night," as he pulled his pants up.

"Thanks, you too," she whispered back.

And without another word, Kyle slipped quietly out of Denise's office, back into the quiet hallways of the dark campus.