 The apartment was a simple upper west side Manhattan home. It looked out onto 96th street and was bordered with Central park west and Riverside park. From the outside, the apartments were painted white with its detailed architecture delicately covered in ivy that was crawling its way up the walls and arching over the curves of the doorways. The natural greenness on the white washed walls gave the apartments a fresh tranquil look, even for New York.

I paced the living room of the apartment waiting for the new resident to show. I was to give a quick tour and hand over the keys to them and then report back to my friend who owned the building and to who I owed the favour as they were out of town.

The place was ready furnished with classical and glamorous furnishings and painted in creams; white and gold's with prints of good art adorning the walls. I quickly checked my appearance in the gold gilded mirror above the marble fire place. In a word, the only way to describe me would be dashing. My coal black hair is always swept back out of my cerulean blue eyes and I am only ever to be seen in a tailored grey suit as I am a hard working business man. I am tanned from business trips abroad and I have high cheekbones and a great jawline. I take care of my body and have achieved the toned, healthy and athletic look.

I pace the entryway waiting for the new resident, checking my Omega watch every minute or so. With a name like Emerson, this guy is going to be a wealthy, upper class, mother's boy who probably hasn't worked a day in their life, gone to college just to mess around and have their trust fund or fathers business handed to them on a plate. Unlike me, who has worked hard all my life for something I never thought I would ever achieve in my lifetime or even at my young age, 27.

They were supposed to be here at nine and they are ten minutes late. I detest late people. I'm not a tolerant person when it comes to time. I have so little of it which is mostly consumed by lengthy meetings and business trips and as I am already doing something which I have no time for I find this person's lack of time keeping annoying and selfish. Suddenly there is a polite knock at the door and I open the black glossy apartment door.

"Hi! I'm Emerson. Are you Jasper?"

Suddenly I'm paralysed, paralysed with an anxiety and sudden self-consciousness that only a woman can give a man, that I haven't felt since I was fifteen and started to admire girls. Standing in the marble hallway, radiating sex appeal and a charm that all confident women seem to possess is one of the most beautiful creatures I have ever seen; a young woman, of about 24, stands before me with long, glossy, chestnut brown hair swept back into a casual but neat ponytail. She has a symmetrical heart shaped face with perfect features: A button nose, prominent cheekbones, big moss-green eyes lined with a set of thick black lashes. Her eyebrows are perfectly groomed and her large lips are widened into a sparkling, confident, white smile. She looks intelligent and professional, wearing a crisp white blouse that does wonders for her brown tan, a fitted grey blazer and black tailored pants that frame her slender hips and legs which are topped off with a pair of extremely high, black Christian Louboutin heels.

She hugs an Ipad to her ample chest, which I can visibly see past the buttoned down shirt, and wears a delicate silver necklace that looks like a collection from Tiffanys, two small diamond studs sit on her earlobes and on her arm hangs a giant patent Prada bag.

I drink her in, the scent of her sweet floral Chanel perfume, the flecks of gold that seem to swim in her green eyes and her perfectly manicured nails. Nothing turns me on more than an intelligent and well groomed woman and this wonderful creature is the most impeccable I have ever seen. Her melodic voice snaps me out of my reverie.

"I am so sorry I'm late! Manhattan traffic, nothing I could do! And then finding the building, hard work in these heels I tell you. I have never felt so unorganised in my life." She winks at me and I feel myself stir. Fuck. I haven't spoken since she arrived. Women never lead me off track. Usually I like it to be me who makes them speechless but shit. This girl has been here five minutes and I'm fucked.

"No problem," I say giving her my crooked grin. "Jasper, Jasper Bloom. Come on in I'll show you around." I shake her hand. I see there's no engagement ring and smile as I take her small soft hand in mine. I can't believe I thought it was going to be a guy. Best turn out.

As I turn around to welcome her inside her new home I notice her eyes flick up to the glint of the gold numbers: 153 above the peep hole on the black lacquer door. I lead her into the hallway and show her the living room, dining room, small study, bathroom, 2 spacious bedrooms, a master bedroom complete with en-suite and finally the kitchen.

We make small talk as we tour the apartment. Asking where she's from, why the move, jobs and weather but I'm not really paying attention. Just agreeing and subtly staring at her perfect ass whenever she bends over to inspect cupboards and drawers. The sight of her when she sat on her knees checking a drawer sent my cock into a frenzy.

From above I could see down her shirt at her two flawless tits perched high on her chest framed in a provocative lace bralet. God, I wanted nothing more than to rip open that shirt, exposing her tanned flesh, to have her kneel in front of me, delving into my pants to attain my erection. As she talked I fantasized like a high school boy about how her soft hands would feel as she held my cock. What her velvet tongue would do as it swirled up and down my length, how I would hold her pretty little head as she fucked my cock with her satin mouth.

I feel my erection growing as she stops inspecting and stands up in front of me. Once again, snapping me out of my fantasy.

"The place is great. Perfect for what I need." She pats her knees to discard any dust and procures her Ipad and bag. "I will be moving in later today after work. Is it okay if give the moving guys the key? They can unpack for me whilst I'm at work"

"That's fine." I say as we make our way to the entry hall. "I live two blocks away, in one of Mr Devon's other apartments. Well, I have a meeting in fifteen minutes so here's your key. And here's my card if you have any questions or need any help. If so I will call a repair man. As Mr Devon is away I will be your Landlord I guess." I smile and wink at her as I head out of the front door.

"Thank you Mr Bloom," She's smiles sweetly as she tucks my card in a fold in her bag and clutches her new set of silver keys. "I'll bear that in mind if I find I'm not able to ring myself. I'm a big girl y'know. It was nice to meet you Mr Bloom" and shut the door in my face.

Fuck. I stand outside the black doors in the marble stairwell dazed. That was abrupt. I think maybe I came across as arrogant and assumed that she was a helpless city girl but this woman is different. So in control and poised. Fuck that's hot I think to myself as I jog down the spiral staircase into the foyer. She is perfect and suddenly I am thinking of how I can see her again and decide to call my friend and this new tenant's real landlord.

"Harvey Devon" He answers on the second ring.

"Harvey! Hey man! I just met your new resident."

"Oh yeah what are they like?"

"You didn't tell me in was a chick. I thought it was gonna be some prissy rich boy. Fuck Harv, she's hot, I mean Victoria's Secret hot."

"Aw fuck. It's always when I'm away. You cannot fuck her man, I mean I have been trying to rent that place for ages and I don't want you to screw that up."

"Haha oh Harv," I chuckle, "you know I can't promise that." I hang up grinning. I need to think of a way to go back there without it looking like I think she needs help. I hail a cab and set off for my meeting, distracted for the rest of the day as this perfect woman and her perfect ass keeps popping up into my mind.

***

Around eight o'clock I find myself in the King Cole bar at the St. Regis with a few businessmen, drinking scotch and inquiring about new deals and exchanging details on Ipads and Iphones when I see a familiar figure sat in a gilded, barstool from the corner of my eye. I can't believe it. There she is, miss controlled and perfectly groomed sat sipping a famous Bloody Mary.

"Well well Miss Kitt. How lucky am I to have the pleasure of meeting you twice in one day." She smiles at her drink, which she is seductively running a finger around the edges, when she hears my voice and slowly looks up at me from under those long black lashes as I sit next to her.

"Mr Bloom, indeed it is." She smiles coyly.

"Waiting on a boyfriend are we? I'll leave in case he sees me if you wish" I tease.

"No. I have just had an important meeting if you must know, and thought I would finish my drink before I left."

Her black bralet is clearly visible through her shirt and it's taunting me, begging me to undo her top. She catches me staring and turns to face me.

"If you are quite done staring at my cleavage Mr Bloom I have to leave now." She grabs her Ipad and bag and looks at me passively as she saunters through the bar to the street without another word.

Fuck. There's something about her manner which turns me on. She is probably used to being hit on all the time with those looks but the way she handles it and as though playing hard to get turns me on so much I already feel an erection coming on.

***

The next morning I am awoken at seven am to a text message from an unknown number.

"Good Morning Mr Bloom this is Emerson. I don't seem to have a key for the balcony/fire escape. I would appreciate if you could give one to the doorman sometime today, I will collect it later on. Much appreciated, Emerson Kitt."

I think that this is a perfect opportunity to go and see her and I shower at once. I dress in my signature grey, Armani suit complete with cufflinks and a tie. I pocket the spare key and grab my own Ipad and head out the door over to 96th street.

I knock on her door and a second later her sweet voice calls out:

"Who is it?"

"Jasper," I reply, "I have the keys for the balcony."

There's a pause and then I hear the loud metallic click as she unlocks the black door.

"Mr Bloom. I'm sure leaving the keys with the doorman would have sufficed."

She looks fantastic. It's half seven but she's already dressed in a fitted black suit complete with a white shirt with those killer heels. Her makeup is flawless though not much is needed but her hair is down, the chocolaty coils just grazing her chest and shining in the light. Once again I feel myself slipping into a fantasy where I am pulling those silky locks away from her pretty face as she sucks my length.

"No trouble." I say and invite myself into the apartment. With a look of annoyance she closes the door after me and follows me into the living room where I place the key in the lock of the balcony door.

"There you are. Want me to show you how to use the fire escape? A little thing like you will need some help." I grin at her scowl as she folds her arms over her chest, raising her two perfect globes a little higher.

"That's not necessary Mr Bloom, I assure you I can manage myself thank you."

"Just checking, after all if there's no boyfriend figure around someone has got to do all the hard work." I know I'm being a prick but I can't help it. She looks sexy and somehow fiery when she's angry.

Her scowl hardens and she turns around and I follow her back to the entryway, admiring her pert ass as it sways with her walk.

"Will that be all Mr Bloom?" she turns on her heel and opens the black door, the gold numbers catching in the light. A look of annoyance still etched on her heart shaped face.

"Jasper, please, and yes I think that's all." I lean in and kiss her flawless cheek and as I do so I place my hand gently on her ass cheek and lean in to her ear.

"By the way, forgive me for last night. I couldn't resist a peek at your beautiful tits." I slowly remove my hand and walk out the door licking my lips, ignoring her look of outrage. I know its borderline sexual harassment but my god I can't help it. I need her.

***

Two days pass and I'm having withdrawal symptoms. I miss her face and that rocking body. My fantasies of this woman are not enough and I crave her touch and by the next evening my luck has changed.

I saw from across the street her perfectly coiffed hair, trademark fitted feminine suit and ever present Ipad talking to a salt and pepper haired man in his late fifties probably, a George Clooney lookalike, another suit and I instantly feel a pang of jealousy. It's absurd, I don't even know this woman but I know I want her. She air kisses the man and steps into the flamboyant yellow cab as her friend waves goodbye and before I know what I'm doing I'm already across the street, opening the cab and sliding in.

Her scowl is back and she leans against the worn fabric of the cab, looking down at her notes ignoring me.

"Miss Kitt! What a wonderful surprise." I grin.

"Mr Bloom." She says, still ignoring me.

"I've told you, call me Jasper." Her annoyance amuses me.

"Jasper" She corrects herself in a bored tone. She sighs and finally looks up. "Should I be concerned that I keep bumping into you? Is there a need to call NYPD telling them I have a stalker?"

I laugh. "Not at all miss Kitt. I simply thought I would say hello."

The cab pulls up on the sidewalk and she gathers her things.

"Then say hello next time Jasper, there's no need to follow me to the next block." She leans in and whispers, I'm overcome with that heady floral scent again. "Like I said I'm a big girl." And before I know it her manicured hand slowly runs down my thigh, outlining my length against the fitted grey fabric, her touch static. She feels my cock involuntarily twitch beneath the layer of cloth. She smirks at my response and at the look of shock on my face. She slides out of the cab and says "I'll see you soon, Mr Bloom." In her aurthorotive voice, her eyebrow arched seductively and that coy smirk on her lips as she shuts the door.

***

I am distracted, all day every day. I reminisce the moment in the cab, her hand gliding down my thigh. Her touch still burns and I cum every time I think about it, her hand curving around my cock as my erection showed. The lingering smell of her sweet perfume is driving me crazy, making me want her, to hold her and fuck her.

As the evening draws in I am sat back at the bar of the St. Regis, not paying attention to the conversation of my colleagues but thinking of my hands running down her petite frame, grasping her tits, dreaming of making her wet.

All of a sudden my Iphone vibrates on the glass table and I read the message:

I need a hand, and as you're Mr fix it I assume you will be obliged to help. E x"

Suddenly I'm on my feet, apologising to my business partners that I can't stay for drinks and chit chat and have to dash. Before I know it I'm in a cab then jogging up the stairwell to the familiar little black door.

I knock twice and after a second hear her honeyed voice calling from a room.

"It's open. I'm in the bedroom."

Fuck. The thought of what she is planning for me in there is making me salivate. I open the black door and step inside. I walk down the white and rose petal pink marble hallway opening doors to see which one she's in.

I find her in the master bedroom, standing in front of a large antique vanity table which holds trays of makeup, plants, an assortment of expensive perfume bottles and little blue boxes. She's looking into the mirror and removing the delicate silver necklace that she usually covets. She looks stunning, wearing a slim floor length black dress, her glossy hair messily piled in a bun on top of her head and her pretty bare feet peek out from under the dress as she moves.

"Ah Jasper, thank you for coming" She smiles sweetly as she places the necklace in a box on the vanity.

I lean against the doorway admiring her and then walk up to her so that I'm so close she has to look up to see my face.

"What was it that you needed help with Miss Kitt?" I murmur. She slowly turns around so that her back is facing me and points to the zipper, I can't help but pay attention to her ass which I have to tell myself not to pull into me.

"There's no one to undo me" she says innocently. I smirk and take the zipper, slowly unzipping the cold metal, taking in the peachy skin underneath until the zipper ends just above her pert buttocks.

The satin black dress slides off of her curves with a soft pat as it hits the brown hardwood floor and she turns and stands before me clad in plum coloured lace. Her bralet supporting her two perfect rounds tits on her chest framed in the lace bra with matching panties that wrap around her hips.

The light catches the sparkle of diamonds in her ears and she raises her slender arm and removes a pin in her hair, which falls just below her shoulders, the curls bouncing. From the front she raises her hands and unclasps the bralet letting the colours of black and plum fall in a heap to the floor with the dress, her nipples harden with the sudden loss of warmth and the pink areoles stand out on her beautiful bronzed skin. Without taking her eyes off mine she slowly and seductively shimmies out of the lace panties which slide down her slender legs and join the pile of delicate lace and satin.

I can't stop staring, her long legs, her waxed pussy, her stomach which is as flat as a paper plate. I can feel my erection growing, pinned against my trousers. I start to slowly make my way towards her, to place my hands on her face and kiss those perfect sweet lips when she suddenly turns around and heads back to the vanity.

"Thank you Mr Bloom, that's all I needed help with." My spirits nose dive and I feel the look lust fall off my face. She watches me in the mirror, a shadow of a smirk on her lips as she removes a small silver bangle off her slight wrist. I stand there stunned, not knowing what to do at being dismissed so abruptly, being dismissed in general.

My face hardens and I make up my mind. I will not be teased or mocked. I always get what I want. I move toward her, as I put my arms around her waist I notice she's watching me. My hands slide down her smooth abs, slowly making my way to her thighs, as I do this I pull her into me and I know she can feel my rock hard cock pressing into her ass cheek. I bury my face in her neck and luxurious locks of hair breathing in her scent of flowery perfume. I kiss her neck and my lips tingle when our flesh meets, static, biting and nibbling. She leans her head back so she's resting on my shoulder, welcoming my touch and kiss.

My hands smooth her thighs and I trace the outline of her cunt teasingly, soothingly. She inhales with closed eyes, waiting for me to explore her but I don't. I tease her, punishing her, making her wait. Her behind is grinding rhythmically up against my groin, teasing me back.

I slowly swipe my finger through her crevice and it's warm, soft and inviting. I hear her gasp in pleasure and I find my other hand has moved, softly but firmly caressing a hold on her neck. She moans as my index finger locates her rosebud clit, I tease and smooth it, twirling my entrenched fingers in her oils, loving her involuntary jerks of pleasure. I slip two fingers into her wet, silky hole and she moans, throwing her head back, letting me delve deeper.

I tease her, adding more fingers, smiling at her gasps then I force her to bend over her vanity, my one hand still holding her neck while her sweet head rests on the cool glass top of the vanity, her hair falling seductively in spirals on her face, her eyes closed, mouth partly opened as though wailing in pleasure. My other hand is squeezing and pulling at her left nipple, my groin firmly pushed up against her ass cheeks, forcing her to feel my erection.
