 Kara spent over an hour with her toffee colored perfectly waxed ass in the air getting railed by the man who lived across the hall from her and whom had just gotten back from a family vacation with his wife and 3 kids. Kara wasn't sure what his name was, which had made her feel most whorish when she acted like she didn't notice his elbow pressing into the side of her bare, unprotected breast as they rode up in the elevator prior to their little rendezvous.

Benjamin hadn't lived across the hall long but he had been there long enough to notice how the support the sports bras Kara usually wore allowed her double DD titties to bounce and sway all over her chest. Two days ago late at night he had stood in front of a window in the family room and watched Kara down on the street. She had been completely wasted and a cute flat chested red head was forcefully making out with poor Kara. Kara had tried to push the girl away but the red head was persistent. That ginger pushed Kara's hands down, captured mouth and used her tongue to subdue Kara into submission. With Kara's drunken complacency taking hold, the lesbian began to fondle her body. The fondling turned into a heavy duty finger bang and when Kara began to convulse Benjamin shot a thick creamy load all over the window. He rushed to clean it up so that he could just happen to be in the hallway to help Kara when she came in. He heard her clumping up the stairs and opened the door in time to see her fall as she cleared the last step at the top. Her little tube top had come completely down and he made sure to pinch her dark brown, almost black nipples when he helped her stand and adjust her clothing. He knew she was going to pass out soon and he wanted her conscious when he played with her. So, he took the spare key that was hanging by the door when he let himself out after watching her pass out on the couch.

As Kara tried not to moan from the cum Benjamin was squirting into her pussy because she wasn't sure of the location of his wife, she thought back to the elevator. She had been coming back from a yoga class and met the married guy on the elevator. He mentioned that he had helped her get inside her apartment the other night when she came home drunk with Mary. She told him she couldn't remember but thanked him and noticed he was staring at her tits very intently. She had the feeling he had probably groped her the other night. The thought turned her on. She decided to give him a show. Kara began stretching and talking about how good the workout was. The married guy shifted his stance and crossed his arms over his chest. That was when she felt his elbow on her breast. Kara gave a content sigh to encourage him more. The elevator reached their floor and he said he'd be over in a minute to talk to her. 

Now, as her legs shook with orgasm and the married guy pulled her head back by her hair and hooked a couple fingers in her mouth as he told her about how he watched the lesbian make her cum outside on the street as they leaned against a car, she knew this wouldn't be the last time she'd let him fuck her. When he had come over "to talk", he had acted concerned at first. He rubbed her shoulders and talked about the "daddy issues" he was noticing. Pretty much every point he made had to do with how Kara flaunted her "big tits". He said he wanted to help her and fill her with confidence. He was filling her but it wasn't with confidence. His hands had been moving lower and lower until Kara could feel the cold tips of his fingers on her nipples. She loved it so she let him touch her until he dragged her up and bent her over and began to fuck her right in her living room standing up.

Benjamin couldn't stop using the poor girl. "Cum all over this fat cock, little girl," whispering to her as she shook. His cock was soaked and squishy, wet noises coming from their locked bodies only made him want her more. 

"Pl-ea-se," Kara begged and gasped. Her pussy was getting sore and she felt light headed. Her tits were hanging down. She had previously been playing with them during the hard fucking but the nipple play only made her tired pussy pulse harder. It was too much. Benjamin pulled out and Kara collapsed onto the floor. "Uhm, sir," Kara watched him collapse on the couch holding his dick. 

"You don't remember my name, do you? You let me fuck you and you don't know my name," Benjamin began to rub the head of his sensitive cock even more. "Crawl to me." Kara hesitated but did as she was told. "Suck me, Kara. Suck me until I cum and don't move your mouth until I say."

She started to say something and Benjamin grabbed her by the back of the neck and guided his dick into her mouth. "There you go, honey. That's it." As Kara bobbed and choked on Benjamin's swollen dick, the familiar laughing and giggling of three children could be heard on the stairs. Kara tried to stop. She heard it too. "No, no. I have to cum before I go home, babe." He began to fuck her face with new urgency and choked her as his cum spewed into her throat. "Ohh, fuck yea!" Kara fell over coughing up globs of cum that flew out and onto her chin or the side of her face. 

Benjamin walked over to watch through the peephole as his wife and kids went into their apartment across the hall. He turned around to watch Kara as she finally stopped coughing and sat up again. "Come here." Kara walked over and stood into front of him with the cum still on her face, her tits hanging out of her sports bra and her thighs wet and sticky with cum. Kara's straight long black hair was a mess with strands having escaped from the ponytail. Benjamin massaged her tits and pulled her nipples as he spoke to her. "I'm Benjamin and you'll see me again, honey." He moved one hand from a tit to scoop the cum from her face and used it to rub her clit to another orgasm as he pulled the nipple he still held just a little bit harder. 

"Ohhh, GOD!" Kara licked her lips and stared into Benjamin's eyes. "Oh, thank you. Oh, yesss." 

"Now take my dick and tuck it back into my pants." Kara gave the cock that she had just fucked and sucked a few strokes and squeezes as she tucked it back into the his pants. She zipped his pants up and continued to rub his crotch. Benjamin slapped her tits and turned and left the apartment.

Kara stood there a complete mess and wandered what excuse to she'd make to her fiancé for being late for dinner. There was no way she'd be able to skip taking a shower beforehand.