 I knew, I absolutely knew, that one day I would be in bed with Maria, our cleaning lady. But I didn't know when, or how - and when it did happen it was a delightful surprise.

We lived in a nice, bright apartment in San Francisco. My wife worked in a local office much of the time, and traveled for business the rest - usually away for two or three days at a time. I was semi-retired, and worked at home writing and consulting, most of which was done online.

Maria came once a week to clean our apartment and do the washing. If I was at home, which I usually was, I tried to avoid her, aware of the vulnerability that would arise if we started chatting. I moved from room to room so as not to get in her way, but otherwise just enjoyed covertly watching her as she moved around the apartment. She was from South America, probably in her early to mid-thirties, and her English was poor. 5'4", petite, slim, attractive rather than beautiful. She wore her jet-black hair tied back. She had a lovely, round face, black-rimmed specs, and was always smiling and cheerful. I was always interested to see which of her range of bras she wore on any particular day. One was firm, well-shaped, and kept her 34" tits well held in. Occasionally a black lacy strap was visible. On other days she wore a much looser bra, which enable her tits to hang lower down and gently sway. Her last variety - and I can't think what made her choose to wear it for work - was a push-up model which held her tits high and prominent, as if offering them to the world. I cannot tell you whether her nipples were above or below the bra cup, as she always wore a top which carefully masked that detail!

Maria always wore jeans to work - either black cord or denim. Her legs looked good, and she had a smallish, well-shaped bottom, which I always enjoyed looking at from the rear. 

So, I welcomed her visits. Our exchanges were always short and formal; my wife generally dealt with her. 

This went on for three or four years. One morning, my wife left at the crack of dawn to catch a flight to somewhere or other. As she left, I was still asleep. She kissed me goodbye, and murmured to me not to forget that Maria was coming today, and that she had sent a message that she might be early. I'd been up late the previous night; rolled over and went back to sleep.

At about 8:00AM I suddenly sensed movement in the room. Half opening my eyes I saw Maria in the bedroom. The curtains were still closed. 

"Mr. Mike - you still in bed? I am coming to join you."

It took her only seconds to take off her t-shirt, and slip out of her jeans. She drew back the covers and lay down in bed next to me.

"Long time I want to do this!" she giggled, rolling over on top of me. She gave me an aggressive kiss, pushing her tongue in my mouth, and nipping at my lips. At the same time, I felt her hand dive into my pajama trousers, and start caressing my cock and balls. They were quick to respond.

I ran my hands over her back, and down to her bottom. She groaned, and again giggled. I went straight to her bra, and unclipped it. Two gorgeous, round breasts fell free. She rose slightly, and, biting her lower lip, offered one to my mouth. I took it and sucked hard, running my tongue over her and around her nipple. I slid my right hand into her black panties, where I encountered a bush of wet hair. She raised her hips, and quickly slid her panties down, kicking them off. Sliding herself down my chest, she kissed her way down to my cock, which she took in her mouth. I was in heaven. The moment she felt that I was really hard, she sat up, looked at me, and mounted my cock.

I have no idea where she learned her technique, but she rolled around my erect cock, massaging it with her pelvic rotation and, simultaneously, exercising her cunt muscles. "You like?" she grinned at me. I responded by reaching up and taking her breasts into my two hands, squeezing and twisting her nipples, which made her grimace - but she didn't stop me. After a minute or so - which felt like an hour - she reached behind herself and with her fingernails gently scratched my balls. The exquisite sensation caused me to come immediately. I took one hand and put a finger inside her slit, on top of my cock, reaching up to her clit. Her mouth opened in a huge grin. It took only a few seconds of massaging her clit to bring her to orgasm. She leaned forward, writhing all over me, and kissing me strongly.

She lay still for a few moments, then pulled herself off me, and knelt by my side. She took my cock in her mouth, gently licking it and cleaning it, while stroking my balls. Her ass was in the air. I reached over and put my hand between her legs, putting two and then three fingers into her gaping cunt and slowly stroking. Taking one finger out, I slowly slid it upwards to her anus, where I first massaged, and then inserted. Her sucking on my cock increased in intensity; then she froze, and trembled through another, different orgasm.

A series of possibilities had definitely opened up...