 It was an ordinary summer day weekend. The day was hot, and my team had just won another water volleyball contest. I was ready to celebrate, and just like always, my complex had a keg of beer on hand for the victory. I headed for the keg looking around at all the bikini clad girls around the pool. Another great weekend, so many women wearing skimpy bikinis, I was in heaven.

That's when I saw her, a little spitfire in an even smaller swimsuit. She had curves to die for, and I noticed that there was no lining in her top. Her breasts were standing out, her nipples standing out hard and perky against the thin lining. 

Before I go on, let me tell you a little about myself. I've never considered myself a hunk. I'm 6'1 brown hair with blue eyes, but I do like my beer, if you know what I mean. Anyways, I happened to be standing behind her waiting for my turn at the keg. Her cute baby butt was barely contained by her bottoms. I guess I was staring a little too long, because she noticed. 

"I saw you playing out there …Impressive," she said.

"Thank you, by the way, my name's Rick."

"I'm Krista, nice to meet you Rick."

We talked for a while, sitting by the side of the pool, our feet playfully splashing each other, when I noticed that most of the crowd had left. Just the hardcore drunks (mostly my teammates) were still around. "Do you want to get into the Jacuzzi?" I asked. 

"Sure" Krista replied, and again I was treated to the sight of that cute butt, this time with the panties of her suit dug up into the crack of her ass. I could just barely see a few wisps of pussy hair from beneath her suit.

Well, we got in the Jacuzzi, and Krista snuggled up next to me. I had formed a fairly obvious tent in my shorts by this point. Krista noticed this, and started rubbing me. I leaned over and kissed her softly, she returned it with a passion, her tongue fighting mine for control. I reached up and cupped her perky breasts, massaging them slowly, rubbing my fingers against her nipples. My brain telling me that there were still people around, but the alcohol was saying, who cares.

Krista shifted and slowly pulled down my shorts, finally giving my 10" member a chance to breathe. Then she surprised me by sitting on my lap. Pulling the crotch of her panties aside, she slowly sank down on me. My cock sank into her hot, tight pussy. At first I was startled; I mean, there were still people around the pool, but by some miracle no one was paying any attention to us. Not that I was complaining, the feel of her tight pussy going up and down on me was driving me crazy with lust. Then my little spitfire shocked me again. Krista started carrying on a conversation with someone on the other side of the pool!!! She was still moving up and down slowly on my hard cock, but the Kelli, who she was talking to, didn't seem to notice, or at least was ignoring it.

Now believe me, I never thought of myself as an exhibitionist, but this was turning me on big time. Krista must have noticed because she started humping me harder and faster. Well, Kelli finally said her goodbyes to both of us and… Wait, was that a wink from Kelli, did she see us? Did she know what's going on? 

At that point I didn't care. I exploded into Krista, who; god love her, never stopped her hip action the entire time. She climbed off me and gave me a soul searching kiss and readjusted her bikini bottoms. I pulled up my trunks and looked around. My drunken teammates were still wandering around the pool; obviously there was still beer to be found in the general area.

We both slowly got up out of the Jacuzzi, and I asked her to come up to my poolside apartment with me for some good music and some more fun. Krista gave me a bewitching smile and took my hand. As we were walking through the pool area, we said our goodbyes to our friends still lingering around. Did I see some faint smiles on the lips of my teammates? What about Kelli's wink? These thoughts went fleetingly through my mind, but were soon put to rest as I watched Krista's perfect ass barely hidden by her bikini bottoms wiggling in front of me.

To Be Continued... Maybe