 For those who just joined in, Rick has just enjoyed a very memorable encounter in the Jacuzzi with Krista….

Rick follows Krista's shapely ass as she lead him away from the pool and up the stairs to his apartment. "How in the hell did I get this lucky," he wonders. Krista's friends wink eluding his thoughts for the moment as he climbs the stairs to his apartment behind the most beautiful bikini clad girl he has seen in awhile. He doesn't even notice that Krista knows which apartment he lives in as he follows her up to the door.

Rick opens the door letting Krista in, briefly considering turning on the lights, but the light from the setting sun coming through his balcony door is more than enough to let him see. Luckily, he thought enough to clean his apartment this morning. It still had the telltale signs of a single guy; an old pizza box and a few empty beer cans lying around, but the way Krista was eying him, it did not matter.

Rick turned on his stereo, asking what she would like to hear. "Something romantic," Krista replied. Rick fumbles for a few minutes looking through his cd collection, and then he puts on some slow Eric Clapton. 

"Oooh, I love that song", Krista says, as she starts to sway her luscious hips to the music. Rick's eyes are drawn to the hard points in her bikini top. Her nipples were standing out hard, pointy and very irresistible. Rick put his arms around Krista, drawing her close, and danced with her through one song. His arms around her, he felt her hard nipples against his chest, as he slipped his hand lower along her back, slowly pushing his hand in her bikini bottoms cupping he tight ass.

Rick leans down and gives a soul searching kiss to Krista. She returns it in passion, their tongues dancing in their mouths for several long minutes. "I hope Kelli didn't embarrass you, she can be quite a tease", she whispered in Rick's ear. "Not at all baby", Rick said. Krista moans in his ear, "Take me baby."

Rick leads Krista back to the bedroom and turns the light on. The second the light goes on cheers are heard from the pool area "What's that?" Krista asked. "Just ignore it" Rick says, reminding himself to kick some major ass later, teammates or not.

Rick reaches around and unties Krista's bikini top, finally letting him see those awesome globes kept barely hidden. He leans down and takes a hard nipple in his mouth, sucking it, pulling it gently with his teeth. Krista moans, her hand cupping Rick's already hard cock. Rick backs her towards his bed, and hooks his fingers in her bikini bottoms, slowly pulling them down. "Ooh baby, you're shaved, I had no idea." "You like?" Krista purred. "Very much," Rick said as he slowly traced his tongue down her body

Rick laid her gently down on the bed and commenced to slowly use his tongue to explore every inch of Krista's body. When Rick lowered his head between Krista's legs her moans became louder. She cupped her hands behind Ricks head as his tongue gently massaged her clit. He licked slowly up and down her sensitive lips, his tongue entering her teasingly every now and then, his nose rubbing against her sensitive nub. Krista started moaning "I want some cock." Rick gets up and does a slow striptease in front of her, releasing his 10 inch cock finally from his swim trunks. "Come here" Krista says. Rick walks to her and she grabs his cock and stuffs it in her mouth hungrily. Rick shifts and gets on the bed, his face only inches from Krista's shaved pussy. Feeling the wonderful sensations of her tongue against his cock, Rick lowers his head, first inhaling the sweet smell of her arousal; he then plants his lips on her clit.

After awhile of this wonderful 69 action, Rick finally is on the verge of letting go, "Krista, just wanted to warn you, I'm about to cum"

"Give it to me baby, you've already made me cum many times over", Krista says.

That's all the invitation Rick needs as he lets loose, spurting inside Krista's loving mouth.

Krista hungrily sucks and swallows it all. Rick wipes his cock across Krista's lips then shifts so that his cock is in line with Krista's pussy. Rick thrusts in, rewarded with Krista's moans. She wraps her legs around his body and equals his thrusts, biting his shoulder in ecstasy. Rick not to be outdone cups his hands under Krista's ass, his finger playing with her asshole; he slowly pushes his finger into her ass as she starts to thrash violently in the course of a major orgasm. Rick renews his thrusts and they both shudder in the act of simultaneous orgasms. Rick moves off her and he settles down beside her laying gentle kisses till they are on the verge of falling asleep.

Rick is still gently kissing Krista's shoulder when he hears her mumble, "Kelli is going to be so jealous." Rick whispers, "Who is Kelli?" Krista replies, half asleep, "my roommate."

With a smile on her face, Krista falls asleep.

END OF PART 2