 Sarah pulled into the makeshift parking lot next to the job site she was working at and sucked in a deep breath. Working Sunday sucked. She was working overtime she definitely needed, but it meant she was working alone with the boss and that she was not looking forward to. She worked in a male dominated field, she was used to crude, she was used to rude, she was used to having to prove herself. What she was not used to was the constant bad mood her boss seemed to live in. He was okay at first, they had laughed and traded jokes. They had worked together a lot on her first couple jobs but over the last month, he'd gotten progressively worse to the point that if he wasn't yelling at her then he wasn't even acknowledging her. She liked what she did, but she was really starting to hate this job. Unfortunately, since she had recently walked out on her limp dick boyfriend she couldn't afford to quit until she got another roof over her head. So, she had to deal with Mr. Cranky Pants. 

Sarah grabbed her coffee as well as the one she'd gotten for him, as a peace offering. She heard a saw running as soon as she stepped into the huge house they were renovating. Great, he was already working. That made her late. She wasn't late, in fact, she was thirty minutes early, but it didn't matter. Before she even had a chance to put down her coffee the object of her frustration came striding from the back. He had a long section of banister balanced on his shoulder. He looked good, damn him. His short sleeves showed off an impressive set of muscles. She was such a sucker for biceps. His short black hair was covered by a ball cap, but his dark eyes were quick and assessing. 

"Good morning," she said brightly. "I brought you some coffee." 

"You're late." He growled as he continued past her. She rolled her eyes but didn't bother to argue, there was no point. She was so annoyed that she didn't even watch him walk away, and that broad back and tight ass was not a sight she gave up easy. Instead, she put his coffee beside the saw he'd been using and buckled her tool belt around her slim waist. Thankfully her hips were enough to hold it up.

When he'd asked her to work overtime, he said he needed the molding hung so that's where she went. She measured and cut molding according to the plans and tried to pretend he wasn't there. Until she heard him coughing and sputtering. 

"Good God, this is not coffee." He yelled, and she inwardly groaned. The coffee stand must have switched the lids on the cup. She hadn't tasted hers yet, but she liked her's sweet and cream filled. He liked his hot black and strong. She picked up the cup she'd thought was hers and carried it back in the other room. 

"Is this your idea of a joke?" He growled. 

"No," she set the other cup down and took the one she had originally given him. "Apparently I gave you the wrong one." 

"How can you drink that nasty shit." 

"I like it sweet and full of cream." 

His eyes narrowed, and he glared at her. "Did you make that sound like innuendo on purpose?"

The comment surprised her, and she almost laughed, almost. "No. I was really talking about the coffee." 

"Look I don't need a lawsuit." 

"Oh my God, give it a rest, it wasn't innuendo. I'm not trying to seduce you, or hit on you, or harass you. The stick you've got shoved all the way up your ass is safe!" She hadn't meant to say so much, and she could see she'd surprised them both when his jaw sagged. She didn't wait for a response she just walked back into the kitchen. Hoping he didn't fire her when he got over the initial shock of her comments. After a moment she heard his saw again and breathed a sigh of relief before going back to work. It was hard to find a construction job as a woman and she really didn't want to be job hunting as well as apartment hunting. That would likely mean she'd be stripping again and while she didn't mind taking her clothes off for money, she liked building things a whole lot more. She could deal with one asshole. 

He didn't speak to her throughout the rest of the morning, which suited her just fine, but the reprieve had to end eventually. "The banister is in. Can you stain it?" 

"Sure, let me tack in the last of this molding." 

Jack tried not to watch her, but he couldn't help it. She was standing on a ladder hanging the crown molding and the position gave him a prime view of her ass in her tight jeans. She had a great ass, no sparkles on the pockets, just nice blue denim and it was driving him slowly insane. She was much too young for him to be ogling her ass, not to mention she was his employee. There were a thousand reasons he shouldn't be staring at her ass and yet he was. She was a tiny little thing when she came off that ladder, she only reached somewhere near his mid chest, but her size was deceptive. When he hired her, he thought no way in hell could she do the job, but she'd surprised him. She was a whole lot stronger than she looked and worked harder than half his crew. It was really too bad he couldn't tolerate being near her. 

"Boss?" 

"Hmm?" He realized she was talking to him and he was off in fantasy land again. 

"Do you have the stain?" 

"It's in the supply trailer." 

"Do you know what color?" 

"Look at the plans, I'm not doing your job for you," he snapped and walked off. He hated his shitty attitude as much as anyone, but he couldn't help it. This girl was driving him crazy, burrowed under his skin and nothing he'd tried had gotten her out. He walked out the front door and hopped in his truck. He would go get sandwiches or something. A little air would be good. 

Sarah was nearly finished staining the bannister when Jack returned. She was sitting at the top of the stairs. He was carrying a brown paper bag and stopped at the bottom of the stairs.

"It doesn't look right," he said, and she silently reminded herself not to let him get to her. "Are you sure that's the right stain?" 

"It's what the plans say." 

"It's too dark." 

"It will dry lighter." 

He wasn't listening he was already looking at the plans and comparing it to the can. It pissed her off. She wasn't the bimbo her blond hair suggested, she could compare numbers on plans to those on a can.

"If you really think I'm that inept, why don't you just fire me?" She snapped. He looked up at her wide-eyed. "Stop looking for an excuse and just do it already."

"I can't fire you."

"Why?" She expected another lawsuit comment but that's not what she got. 

"Because you're the best finish person I've got! If I'm so shitty to work for why don't you quit?" He yelled at her. 

"Because I need this job until I find an apartment." She yelled back. She stood and stomped down the stairs. "Believe me if I weren't a shitty motel away from homeless, I wouldn't take this shit!"

"Why are you living in a shitty motel?" 

"Because I left my limp dick ex in the apartment that I paid for."

His expression seemed to soften just a bit, "Sorry," he muttered. "I recently went through that myself."

"You living in a shitty motel too?"

"I have a 32-foot travel trailer it's not great, but it beats a shitty motel." 

"Yeah, I guess it would. You have a limp dick ex too?"

He actually smiled and she nearly gasped. "No, my ex has no dick. Which might be why she wanted to carry my balls in her purse." 

Sarah huffed a slight laugh. 

"Let's break for lunch. I got sandwiches from that deli up the street." 

He gave her the food and she sat down against the wall. At least he knew what she liked. The crew had ordered from that deli often enough and they always gave her a ration of shit over the amount of food she could put away. 

"The break up the reason why you're so pissed all the time?" She asked not looking at him. 

"No, glad to be rid of her."

"Why are you always acting like someone pissed in your Wheaties then?"

"You don't pull any punches, do you?"

"I like it blunt."

"All right, here's blunt for you. I'm an asshole because I'm sexually frustrated."

"You know what bars are for don't you? I bet you could pick up a one-nighter in less than half an hour."

"Yep, doesn't help."

"Rosy palm?"

"Also, doesn't help. Look we really shouldn't be talking about this." 

Sarah was quiet for a few minutes while she ate her sandwich and thought about what he'd said. "It's me isn't it?" 

"Yes." He didn't play dumb and she appreciated that. 

"You've never made a move."

"I don't need a lawsuit. More importantly, I don't need to go to jail. What are you like sixteen?"

"You're a dumb ass." 

"Because I'd rather not go to jail?" He glared at her.

"No, because you have a copy of my drivers license. I'm twenty-four."

"You damn sure don't look it."

"I know." 

Sarah stood up and he stood from the stairs where he was sitting as well. She stopped right in front of him and he looked supremely uncomfortable. 

"Sit down." 

"What for?"

She pushed him and repeated her earlier command, "Sit down." 

Jack dropped back onto the stairs and she reached for his fly. Immediately he dodged. "What are you doing?"

"I'm fixing you. Sit still."

He wanted to push her away, but he just didn't have the willpower. He was already swelling as she pulled down the zipper of his Levi's. He rarely wore underwear, so she had no trouble freeing him through the opening. 

"Damn, guys that look like you should not have a dick like this. That is an unfair advantage."

"What?" The question was lost as she engulfed his cock in her hot mouth. He groaned and braced his elbows on the step behind him. Leaning back to give her plenty of room. She ran her tongue up one side and down the other before sucking him deep again. 

Sarah had given her share of blow jobs, she didn't get off on the action, but she certainly got off on the reaction. Every guy had a different reaction. Some wanted to take control, some acted like she was doing them a huge favor. Some even acted like they could care less. 

Jack was no exception. He was clearly enjoying it if what he said about her having him frustrated was true, he was probably enjoying it a hell of a lot. He was watching her and oddly that excited her. The idea that he wanted to watch her suck his dick was exciting. 

His cock was beautiful as dicks went. It was big and thick with a wide mushroom head. There was very little arc to it, but it didn't matter he was long enough she could position him right where she wanted him and get off easy. She had no intention of actually fucking him, but that didn't stop her from wondering what kind of lover he would be. Given the attitude she'd seen so far, she guessed he was a pretty selfish lover. The kinda guy that thought sex was over the second he came. 

She saw his hands clench at his sides and she knew he was fighting his orgasm. Trying to prolong his pleasure. She doubled her efforts adding her hand for friction. He groaned when he came. She didn't let up, sucking the fluid from the tip of his dick. He didn't immediately soften but he didn't protest when she tucked him back in and zipped his fly. 

"I'm going to finish that molding." She bent and picked up her garbage before walking back through the empty house. She felt his eyes on her, but she didn't look back. She wasn't looking for a relationship and she wasn't looking for quid pro quo. She just wanted a relaxed work environment and it seemed to work. For the rest of the day, he didn't yell at her. He didn't bitch about nonexistent mistakes. He actually talked about what he still needed her to do on the job. It was slightly awkward, but she'd happily take that over hostility. 

When she was getting ready to leave, she knew the reprieve was over, he was going to ask her out she could tell so she cut him off before he got a chance.

"Don't." 

"Don't what?" 

"You know what." She sighed, "I don't do relationships, I suck at them." 

"I wasn't going to ask." 

"Okay, see you tomorrow then." She turned to go but he stopped her. 

"Wait," she sighed and turned back. "I won't pretend that I don't want to fuck you in a thousand different ways, I think we both know I do. But that's not what I was going to say." He held up a single key on a ring. "There is a twin bed with a bathroom and a shower in the office trailer. It's nothing special but it's a step up from a shitty motel. You can use it as long as you keep it clean and don't let anyone on the crew know you're there." 

"Thanks, but I'm good." 

"Well... You can think about it." He tossed her the key and she caught it. 

"See ya tomorrow, jailbait," he called as he walked the other way.

The motel room was already paid for but as she sat in the dingy room and listened to her neighbor loudly fucking the prostitute who worked in front of the hotel, she had to wonder why stubborn pride should keep her in this disgusting place. Every night she spent at the job site would be money she could put toward deposits on a new apartment. 

She parked a block away from the job site and walked in, it was deserted of course, but she did spot Jack's trailer. It glowed with soft light from the windows. She didn't go there, instead, she went to the construction trailer. The key unlocked the door and she locked it behind her when she stepped in. She'd been in this trailer a few times but never paid much attention. It was a portable office, but Jack didn't keep an admin on staff, so it was just him. She made her way down the hall and found a very small bedroom at the back just as he'd described. 

The bed smelled like him and she wondered how many late nights he'd spent there, she also wondered just when she'd learned what he smelled like. As soon as the question entered her mind, she knew the answer. When she'd had his dick in her mouth, she became very intimate with his scent. Now as she lay there, she could think of little else. She ran her fingers along the seam in the crotch of her shorts and thought of him. He was easy to fantasize about, he was hot and well built, an excellent male specimen. She even knew he had a good-sized cock. What she didn't know was whether or not he knew how to use it. 

Before she could talk herself out of it, she threw back the covers and slipped her bare feet into her tennis shoes. He was shirtless when he opened the door and she took an involuntary step back. He looked even better than his tight t-shirts had led her to believe. 

"Sarah?" He frowned at her, "Come in, is there a problem?" 

She sucked in a breath to quell the butterflies of arousal in her belly before she stepped up into the trailer. "I'll get right to the point, I'm still not interested in a relationship, but I am very interested in you fucking me a thousand different ways." 

He smiled and reached out for her, he grabbed a handful at each side of her tank top and tugged it up over her head. Since she had been in bed, she wasn't wearing a bra. Her full tits bounced and swayed, and he groaned. He took her hand and tugged her back to the bed and tipped her onto it. The lack of awkward conversation turned her on almost as much as the way he dove straight in. 

As soon as she was on the bed, he tugged off her shorts and panties and dropped his own jeans before joining her on the bed. Finally, he kissed her. He swept his tongue deep into her mouth while his hand slid up her side, cupping her breast. If he expected her to slow him down, he was going to be disappointed. 

"I'm not sure I can stop at a thousand," he whispered as he ran his tongue down her throat, and she moaned. This is exactly what she needed. It had been way too long. He sucked her nipple hard and she moaned again. "Anything I need to stay away from?" He asked before sucking as much of her breast as he could into his mouth. 

"No, give me everything... twice." 

"Will do," he chuckled but it was short-lived, he was like a man on a mission as he moved down her body. When he reached her pussy, he buried his tongue in and drug it slowly up through her folds. She groaned, and he did too. "Mmm," he hummed and repeated the motion. She needed to hold onto something, so she gripped her thighs, holding them wide for him while he licked and nibbled. He drove two calloused fingers deep into her twat and she arched up for more. He obliged driving his fingers deep and sucking her clit until she came with a broken cry. He eased up on her clit, but he didn't stop finger fucking her. His fingers continued stroking while his tongue moved lower. He licked over the sensitive bundle of nerves at her back door and she groaned and arched into him. After thoroughly teasing her with his tongue he moved his middle finger, coated with her cream, down and slowly pushed into her. It felt so good and she needed it so much, it had been too long since anyone had truly fucked her. 

He finger fucked her ass with his finger and began licking her clit again, and she buried her hands in his hair to hold him there, she didn't let him up until she came again hard against his face. When her orgasm subsided, he withdrew and rolled her over onto her stomach. He lifted her propping her up on her knees and rolled on a condom before he positioned his cock at her tight little pussy. He pushed in hard and deep and she cried out and clawed his sheets. 

"Oh god again, again!" She begged, and he obliged. 

"Damn, jailbait, you're so tight," he groaned through clenched teeth.

"Won't break," she gasped even as he bottomed out inside her. 

He rode her as hard as he dared and still, she begged for more. He ran his thumb around her ass hole and breached it with one hard push and that was what she needed, she came again, this time all around his dick and it felt so damn good he barely kept from coming himself. Only the thought of what he was going to do next kept him at bay. He continued his hard pound through her orgasm, her cries, and moans, pleading for more were music to his ears. He reached for the lube in his drawer and wedged it in beside his thumb. He used his thumb to lube her as much as he possibly could then he ripped the condom off and lubed his dick. 

She had to know what he was about to do but she only laid with her face on the bad moaning at his every stroke. His cock was so much bigger than his thumb it didn't look at all like it would fit but he pushed anyway. Hard and steady he pushed against the tight muscle until it finally gave way. His cock head slipped in and she gasped and her back hunched. Still, he didn't let up. He pushed with steady pressure until his pelvis met her ass and then he withdrew, slowly. 

"Oh god, oh god, oh god," she chanted as her body shook and trembled. He continued his long slow strokes until she begged for more. He slid his hand under her and caught her clit between his fingers before he picked up the pace. He felt her body as the orgasm rolled through her, he heard her cry and beg him not to stop even as her legs shook all over and finally, he found his release. He shot his load deep in her ass. His spine-tingling all the way from the top of his head to his balls. His own body shook and wanted to give out, but he managed to lower himself to the bed instead. 

"I think I may need to spread that thousand out over a couple days," he mumbled, and she laughed. 

"God Jack that was... amazing," she sighed. 

"Yeah, it was," he grinned making her laugh again. 

"I gotta clean up," she rolled off the bed and onto her feet and he was right behind her. 

"I'll help," he said when she gave him a look. She shook her head, but she didn't argue so he followed her into the tiny bathroom. 

"I don't think there's room for both of us in here. Hell, I don't even believe there's room for you in here alone." 

Jack turned on the shower and pulled her in with him after they bumped and slid against each other for a few minutes he finally just picked her up and she wrapped her legs around his waist. 
