 Appetizers

She stood at the kitchen counter silently cutting up vegetables for supper. It had been a long day. She had arrived home before him; changed into a one of his comfortable old T-shirts and begun to prepare supper. The house was quiet and she was lost in her own thoughts. The challenges of the day had taken a toll on her. She was mentally and physically drained.

She heard the garage door go up and down and knew that he had arrived home. She heard him come through the door; aware of his presence in the kitchen although still no words had been exchanged. He moved across the room toward her. She could feel him standing close behind her even before he reached out to touch her. He pushed his body against hers. One hand went around her chest and reached for her breasts. His other arm went lower and pulled her hips against him. He bent his head and kissed her neck softly. 

He whispered low, "Supper smells good. You feel wonderful."

She stopped cutting, closed her eyes and leaned back into him. She sighed deeply as the frustrations of the day began to melt out of her. The arms that enfolded her provided a safe space. She finally began to relax. He continued to nuzzle the back of her neck. His hands moved slowly across the front of her body finding their way under the loose oversized cotton T-shirt to discover her naked body. She moaned softly in response to his touch.

A few moments went by; each of them lost in the feeling of the other. Suddenly she opened her eyes and began again to cut vegetables; or at least she tried. It was difficult to concentrate on her task. She was continually aware of his body behind her. His hands continued to move slowly but with intention across her naked body.

"Am I distracting you?" he asked.

"Yes," she murmured, "but please don't stop."

She laid down the knife and placed both her palms against the cool surface of the counter. She closed her eyes again and gave herself over to the feelings that he was awakening in her. She was constantly amazed at the strength of her response to this man. No expectations, no hidden agendas - just the incredible power and passion that their bodies created together.

His hands both moved across the roundness of her belly, each approaching the center from the opposite side. His pressure lightened considerably as he traced small circles across her tummy. She moaned softly. His hands spread apart and moved up to take each of her breasts. He gently, but firmly massaged each, his fingertips tightly pinching her nipples. They responded and grew into tight little buds. She became aware of the warmth and hardness of his penis pressing into her backside. His hands continued to explore her breasts as his hips began to move behind her. He moved in the silent dance of lovers as his penis pushed and probed her bottom and between her legs. Her hips began to move instinctively against him, mirroring his movements, as they fit their bodies together. Time stood still and they were lost in the magic of their bodies together.

Suddenly, his hands moved firmly to her hips and he turned her to face him. She leaned into him expecting his kiss, but instead, he fell to the floor, his mouth finding the smoothness of her vulva. She certainly had not anticipated this and her knees buckled with delighted surprise. He immediately reached to steady her; his large hands each gripping a cheek of her bottom. He pulled her closer to his face and continued to delight her with his mouth. 

He was an experienced and responsive lover. He paid attention to the pace and the pressures that he knew she preferred. He knew when to vary them to guide her through the full range of emotions and feelings. She reached behind, gripping the edge of the kitchen counter to support her self. His mouth continued to provide pleasure beyond belief. His tongue massaged her clitoris. He gently grabbed the outer folds of her labia in between his teeth. His tongue moved over every part of her, alternating between ultra light feather soft barely there movements to strong and steady intense pressure. He knew from experience that the clitoral stimulation alone could bring her to orgasm. He also knew that she preferred the simultaneous pressure from inside. One hand came from behind her and he thrust his fingers into her hot, wet vagina. He used the other hand to steady her and to control the contact between them. 

The intensity was peaking and he orchestrated the dance perfectly. His knowledge of her body and her responses to him was a gift. He was intently focused on providing her with these moments of pure pleasure. She concentrated solely on her body as he brought her to the edge. She could feel the orgasm building deep inside her. It was as if all the frustrations of the day poured out in shuddering tingling spasms as her whole body released into his mouth and his fingers. In this moment it was all about her. It was so easy for her to allow herself to go over the edge and lose herself in her orgasm. He never let up. The pressure of his tongue on her clitoris was strong and steady. His fingers pushed deeply and rhythmically into her vagina. Her orgasm was intense and satisfying. 

Her whole body relaxed, totally spent. She felt her knees buckle. He quickly rose from the floor, slid his arm around her and guided her to the sofa in the family room. They both sat and she curled her body into his. Her breathing was still ragged and uneven. She closed her eyes as he gathered her near. In the shelter of his arms, fully satisfied, she rested.

Dessert

They finished supper. He leaned back in his chair and sighed deeply. She looked into his eyes and could see he was tired. The challenges of the day had taken a toll on him. He was mentally and physically drained.

"Why don't you go catch the end of the game while I clean up in here?" she offered.

He nodded. "Are you sure? I thought I'd help."

She rose, took his hand and led him into the family room. He settled himself in his recliner and reached for the remote. The game came on as he pushed back into a comfortable reclining position. She bent over him and began to slowly untie the laces of his shoes. She slipped them off his feet. She eased the socks off and gently massaged his tired, swollen feet. She heard him moan softly and looked up to see him smile. She reached for the afghan and gently covered him. 

She kissed him softly. "I'll be back soon."

"Don't go. Stay here with me."

And so she did. Her hands could never stop touching him; especially when he was so close. She knelt at the side of the recliner and continued to massage his feet. Her hands moved with firm but gentle pressure, slowly loosening the knots of the day. From his feet she continued up his legs. She could feel the tense stiffness underneath the thick fabric of his jeans. Against the backdrop of the game, she kneaded his tired muscles; helping him relax

A few moments went by. Each of them lost in the feeling of the other. Suddenly he opened his eyes and began to concentrate on the game; or at least he tried. It was difficult. He was continually aware of her hands as they moved slowly and firmly across his body.

"Am I distracting you?" she asked.

"Yes," he murmured, "but please don't stop."

He closed his eyes again and gave himself over to the feelings that she was awakening in him. He was constantly amazed at the strength of her desire for him. No games, no manipulation - just the pure joy and satisfaction of all that their bodies shared together.

He relaxed into the recliner and she could begin to feel the tension leaving his body. She leaned forward and began to slowly undo the buttons of this shirt. Her hands ran lightly over his chest. Each hand came from a different side and moved down his neck and across the broad expanse of his shoulders. She leaned closer and kissed his nipples. They responded and grew into tight little buds. She became aware of the warmth and hardness of his penis pressing against his jeans. Her hands continued to explore his chest but her mouth began to move toward his penis. 

Suddenly, she stood over him. He opened his eyes expecting her to leave him to finish up in the kitchen, but instead, she reached down to unzip his jeans. Her mouth found his penis as it was released from his pants. This was not what he had expected and he was delighted to be surprised, yet again by her. Her mouth moved a silent dance of love as she licked and sucked and kissed his penis. He was motionless as she took his penis deep into her mouth. Time stood still and they were lost in the magic of their bodies together.

She moistened his penis and moved her hand up and down the length of the shaft as her tongue teased and delighted the tip. She was an experienced and responsive lover. She paid attention to the pace and the pressures that she knew he preferred. She knew when to vary them to guide him through the full range of emotions and feelings. He reached to the side, gripping the arms of the recliner to moderate his response to her. Her mouth continued to provide pleasure beyond belief. Her tongue massaged her penis. She gently licked and sucked his testicles. Her tongue moved over every part of his groin, alternating between ultra light feather soft barely there movements to strong and steady intense pressure. 

She knew from experience that the extreme slippery wetness she created on his penis with her mouth, coupled with the titillating touch of her tongue on the tip of his penis, would bring him to the edge. She knew he preferred the rapid stroking of his penis until the moment right before his orgasm and then the deep penetration of the full length of his shaft as the semen ejaculated against the back of her throat. The intensity was peaking and she orchestrated the dance perfectly. Her knowledge of his body and his responses to her was a gift. She was intently focused on providing him with these moments of pure pleasure. 

He concentrated solely on his body as she brought him to the edge. He could feel the orgasm building deep inside him. It was as if all the frustrations of the day poured out in shuddering tingling spasms as he came in the warm safe space of her mouth. In this moment it was all about him. It was so easy for him to allow himself to go over the edge and lose himself in his orgasm. She never let up. The pressure of her hand and her tongue on his penis was strong and steady. His orgasm was intense and satisfying. 

His whole body relaxed, totally spent. His breathing was still ragged and uneven. He could not move and could barely speak. He whispered, "Come closer to me." She moved toward him, and laid her head against his chest. He closed his eyes as his arms brought her near. Holding her in the shelter of his arms, with each of their bodies so fully satisfied, they rested.