 I love to think of my wife in all kinds of different sexual situations ranging from having sex with others as I watch, MFM and MFF threesomes, some role playing, imagining her pleasing herself and incorporating sex toys into our love making and other hot and random situations. 

In regards to sex toys, I have purchased several toys for my wife over the past few years, including a couple of vibrators, a Sqweel and my favorite, a nice thick seven inch dildo. I have masturbated to the thought of her using the dildo on herself many times and I have thought of bringing it into our sex life.

She has used the vibrator a few times but she has never used the Sqweel or dildo to my knowledge. Until recently, that is.

A week or so ago I got the idea to give my wife a full body massage, front, back, everywhere. In my mind I was going to break out the dildo half way through the massage and please her with it and hopefully watch her use it on herself. Keep in mind that I have had this thought and fantasy for a few years but never pulled the trigger and took out the toy. I kept telling myself this time would be different.

So, a few days later I suggested to my wife that if she would like a fully body massage she should make an "appointment" with her personal masseuse. She said she would like that very much and that she would "look at her calendar and make an appointment." An hour or so later at about 10 a.m., I received a text stating that she would be available for her massage at 12 noon. I responded to "Mrs. Nelson" suggesting that she meet me at my massage station at that time and be ready to go.

Now I was really excited. Was this the day I would finally see this wonderful toy slide in and out of my beautiful wife? I had full intention of living out one of my fantasies this day but I was nervous. How would she react? Would she be receptive? 

For the next two hours I thought about how it would all unfold. My cock got hard repeatedly as I thought about it all (just like it is right now writing about it). How she would look, how it would feel for us both and, most of all, how fun it was going to be pleasing her and making her feel so good.

A little bit before "appointment time" I snuck upstairs to our bedroom, prepared the bed and her pillows, and took out the seven inch cock, washed it and placed it under one of our blankets on the bed so it would be close by and easy to access when the time was right.

At 11:55 I went up to my "Massage Station" and waited for my favorite customer, Mrs. Nelson. She arrived promptly at 12 noon looking as stunning and sexy as ever. My mind was racing in anticipation of what was to come.

I greeted her as Mrs. Nelson and instructed her to "go ahead and undress and to lay down on her stomach." She said, "ok" and proceeded to undress, revealing her beautiful 34d breasts and nice fit body. I was trying to play my role and be a good masseuse and not look at her but it was just too hard! When she finished disrobing, she lay down on her tummy and I covered her lower half, just as they do in the real massage offices. I took out some lotion rubbed it on my hands to warm it up and began massaging her back, shoulders, neck and down to the top of her nice ass. This lasted for about 10 minutes until I slid the covers down fully revealing her ass and legs, which I began rubbing the length of. Up and down her legs I rubbed, spending time on her feet and bringing my fingers inside of her thighs and up close to her pussy, just stopping right before I would make contact. I squeezed and massaged her ass and continued up her back and gently brushing the sides of her breasts as they were pressed out to the sides. I often wonder about this when she gets a massage at a real salon. Do they brush her breasts? If so, what does she think?

My cock was so hard through all of this. I was trying so hard to be as patient as I could with the toy. I knew it was there and she had no clue. The anticipation was wonderful. It was so exciting and sexy. I so wanted the moment to come when I would take it out. But I waited.

After giving her backside ample attention, I asked her to turn over so I could work on her front side. She complied without question and slowly rolled onto her back fully revealing the body I love so much.

I was standing at the side of our bed so I was on her left side as she lay naked on her back. I put some more lotion in my hands and began rubbing her upper chest above her tits, slowly moving lower and lower until I was gently kneading her nice soft breasts, purposely avoiding her nipples and going down to her belly. I spent a good ten minutes doing this, nicely and sometimes more firmly squeezing and massaging her, gently pinching and circling her nipples.

I could tell she was getting hot, as her breathing was picking up a little to my touch. Then she reached out with her left hand and found my very hard cock pressing through my satin Addidas shorts. I loved this. I was massaging my wife's tits while she was perfectly stroking and rubbing me through my shorts. Keeping my role and adding some more fantasy I was imagining that I was a true masseuse and that my wife was doing this to him.

Her tits felt so good in my hands. Her hands felt so good on my cock. After rubbing me from the outside for a few minutes, she pulled down on the waistband freeing my very, very hard cock into her wanting hand. She continued stroking me, releasing some pre-cum and circling that around the swollen head of my dick.

I now started to bring my massage lower, down to her pubic mound and around her inner thighs gently grazing her pussy and onto her clit for the first time of the day. She was nice and wet. She spread her legs just a little to let my fingers have better access. I rubbed her pussy with my left hand and her tits with my right as she continued to stroke my cock -- faster and faster, keeping time with my rubbing of her pussy.

Knowing that the dildo was on the other side of her on the bed under the blanket I climbed up onto the bed and straddled her so I could easily massage all of her beautiful body with both hands.

I really, really love my wife's tits. Sitting on top of her I pushed her breasts together and leaned down to suck on them. First the left, then the right, circling her large areolas and nipples she reached down and grabbed my cock again. Stroking me so nice, it was hard not to cum at this point. I was so hot and ready but I moved back and off of her to hold the moment and get into position for my big move.

I spread her legs and sat between them putting her legs over mine and giving me a perfect view of her pussy and up to her gorgeous tits.

Her beautiful pussy lips were spread just a little in anticipation of things to come, as I began rubbing her clit with my right thumb. I rubbed her inner thighs, around her belly and all over her pussy with both hands and then just my right.

Her eyes were closed as I rubbed her with my right hand and reached under the covers to my left with my left hand and pulled out the dildo, set it on my left leg and opened a small bottle of KY oil and poured some on the big cock on my lap. I stopped rubbing her and picked up the dildo and started stroking it, getting it nice and lubed up. Her eyes were still closed.

This was my big moment, I was definitely nervous but I proceeded. I brought the big toy down between her legs and pressed the head against her clit. She didn't flinch at all but she asked what it was. I told her it was her toy and pressed it more firmly against her clit. She was into it and I was thrilled. I pressed it there for a few seconds and began sliding it up and down the length of her slit. All seven inches up and down, massaging her pussy with this big fake, but very realistic cock. I couldn't wait to penetrate her with it, to see her take every inch. But I continued to stroke her with the cock and rub her tits simultaneously. After a good while I took her right hand and put the cock in it and moved her hand and told her to stroke it, to "stroke that big cock." And she did. She stroked it just like she strokes me stopping intermittently to just hold it and rub under its head with her thumb. I loved the thought of her imagining it was another man's cock, that she was having two at the same time. She was stroking and rubbing the monster just as if it was a real cock. She looked so sexy. Her eyes were closed as she stroked both the toy cock and mine simultaneously. I was in heaven and it looked like she was, too. 

Again I could have cum right then and there so I stopped her from stroking me and took the toy from her and started rubbing the cock up and down the length of her extremely wet pussy again. Only for a couple of minutes this time until on one last long slow down stroke until the head was pressed up between her open pussy lips. I then slowly began to slide the big toy inside her, spreading her pussy wide with the glistening head of the cock until just the head was buried inside her making nice circular motions, then another inch, and another. It was half way insider her and I slid it almost all the way out and then back in again. Nice and slow and a little bit further inside her with each stroke. Then I pulled it almost all the way out and gave her one long slow penetration until the entire cock was buried deep inside her. I held it insider her with my right hand and gently rubbed her right breast and belly with my left. I began systematically gliding the toy in and out of her slowly at first but building up speed with each long stroke. In and out her breasts were now heaving as if a man with this cock was nicely fucking her. I absolutely loved it -- and so did she. My cock was about to explode just watching her enjoy every inch of this lovely cock. 

I wanted to watch her fuck herself with the cock so I took her right hand and brought it down to hold it by the balls and she took control holding it by the balls with her index finger on the base and she guided that big thing so nicely in and out of her wet pussy, loving every inch, every stroke as I watched and stroked myself. 

It was so hot to see her fucking this magnificent cock. I was so imagining her with another man.

As she continued to fuck her cock I leaned down and began licking her clit with my right hand now firmly squeezing her left breast and ever so nicely tweaking her nipple.

Her pussy tasted so good as I circled her clit. I knew it wouldn't be long before she came. Being so close I was watching the cock slide in and out of her, smelling her beautiful pussy and tasting her juices she began to tense up about to cum and she let out her telltale, "I'm going to cum, I'm going to cum" and she came with that big cock inside of her and my tongue swirling her clit, she came. Oh did she cum.

Letting her relax for a minute I mounted her missionary style and pressed my cock up against her pussy sending shivers through her body. I pressed the head between her lips, just as I had done with the dildo just a short while earlier. Only this time it was my hot, hard and live manhood that was ready to penetrate her. She was so warm and wet that my cock slid right in, all they way. I fucked her good. Her tits were swaying so perfectly as she moaned and whispered, "oh my god..." It wouldn't be long as I quickened my pace and leaned down entangling our tongues and squeezing both breasts, squeezing them together. Faster and faster I pumped my wife's pussy. Like the dildo, one last long stroke and fully buried deep inside her I came like I had never cum before. 

I thanked Mrs. Nelson, asked her if she enjoyed her massage and told her I looked forward to her next "Appointment." She smiled and assured me she was satisfied and that she would come back for another visit.

Fantasy fulfilled and two awesome orgasms later we laid naked and drifted off for a nice late-morning nap. Life Is Good!