 Even though it was early evening, she made a pot of fresh coffee, made with that chicory blend special ordered from New Orleans. It had been a beautiful day, but now that the sun had disappeared over the horizon, a cool breeze filled the air. She poured the thick black liquid, half-filling her cup, adding scalded milk to simulate café au lait – not as good as Café du Monde, but an adequate substitute.

She went out to the porch and leaned against the wooden rail, watching as dusk settled across the field. The sounds of night were beginning, and she could hear crickets in the bushes just beyond the driveway, chirping as they scuffled among the leaves. Far away, sounds of vehicles on the highway… and even farther, the train whistle at the crossing just before town. It was so peaceful here, and she felt safe. Away from the city. Finally.

She opened the screen door and stepped back inside the house. It was an older home, built in the early 1900’s, but she had it remodeled to add all the conveniences she had enjoyed in her city high-rise condominium. Still, she kept much of the original woodwork and basic design, appreciating the fine workmanship and hand-crafting that had been put into it.

She worked entirely from home these days, asking clients and associates to meet at her country location. She had planned for several years to make this transition, while building a reputation for artistic talents that would not discourage business from coming to her, regardless of the distance.

Tonight she was expecting a special visitor. She had spoken with him only once, but his voice alone left her momentarily speechless – a deep, commanding spirit that spoke of confidence, mastery. She barely heard the words – it was almost as if he didn’t speak any, but communicated with her telepathically. Finally, after a long pause, she gathered her senses again and invited him to a personal meeting to discuss his ideas.

She went upstairs, running the bath, and then selected her attire from a tall antique dressing closet. Her one indulgence was lingerie and sexy accessories – and was inclined to fantasize about the most erotic encounters, wearing appropriate costumes to set the mood. Satin. Spandex. Silk. Leather. Pearls. Chokers. Scarves. Exotic perfume. Expensive cosmetics. The choices were endless… the collection extensive. The ritual was foreplay in itself – imagination shaping the mind until the body responded.

She carefully lit candles around the tub, then stepped into the tepid water, letting it surround her as she leaned backwards, long red mahogany hair swirling around her head as she completely submerged. She came back up just as slowly, relishing the moment, breathing in the warm, sandalwood scent from the candles. She closed her eyes, wondering what he would look like….

In a daring mood, she put on a lacy, strapless bra and satin thong before slipping into a pearl-colored silk kimono with a low v-neck that accented her full figure and deep cleavage. The material framed her soft curves, draped to the ankles, where red-painted toenails peeked out as she walked. Manicured fingers wrapped around a silver hairbrush as she stroked her hair, loose blonde streaks falling back haphazardly among the red-brown strands, as if they had no real place of their own. She put on little makeup this evening – her complexion was flawless, with a healthy glow from working in her flower garden – but she brushed black mascara on lashes to frame blue eyes, brilliant topaz crystals that were unforgettable once looked upon. And, finally, a brilliant shade of garnet red was carefully drawn on perfectly shaped lips.

He wondered what she was really like. He had heard the tales about her studio… but those stories were just too outrageous to be true. Intriguing, he had to admit – there was quite a range of past experiences circulating among her clientele. In the end, the simple fact remained that she was reputed to be best in the field – more than worth the drive out to her house – and the “best” was just what he needed right now.

He drove into the narrow driveway, lined by a white picket fence, and parked next to a classic black mustang convertible. Yes, he had heard about that car… gleaming in moonlight as if to flaunt the secrets under its dark coat. He looked up at the house – she did have excellent taste. Simple and inviting while stately and elegant, not an easy trick to blend the old with the new, but she had achieved it quite well.

He had only touched the brass knocker when the door opened and the soft glow of a candlelight chandelier lit the entryway. Red lips parted in a warm smile, and she invited him in, taking his hand in an affectionate greeting. He stood there, stunned by his own unexpected reaction to this exceptional mortal – her very essence seemed surreal, tangible and invisible at the same time. Feeling her fingers squeeze his arm, he regained his composure and smiled back, following her, his voice still trapped…

She was surprised, but pleased, that he was so strikingly handsome. Although her clientele was selective, she was even more so… keeping interaction impersonal, easily meeting the requests of men desperate for an intelligent female with an imagination… always maintaining each transaction as strictly business. Somehow, her instincts… and the pounding in her chest… told her that tonight promised to be very different... unexpected… and memorable.

She built the studio herself, using her limitless imagination to create the ultimate environment for pure pleasure. The posted headboard of the bed was solid oak and displayed an intricate carving of two lovers, entwined in passionate embrace under an umbrella tree, surrounded by a field of wild flowers, the full moon rising above a mountain far in the distance. Matching posts rose above the carved footboard, and decorative silver rings hung by braided leather from the top of each of the four posts. Fresh white cotton sheets covered a triple goose down mattress, topped by a hand sewn quilt. A welcoming sight… made for pleasure.

The room was dim, lit by candles, and as they crossed the threshold, she turned suddenly, slipping her hands into his shirt, deftly manipulating each button one a time until his chest was exposed. She leaned forward, ample breasts brushing against him seductively, and he pressed his face into her soft hair, her cologne touching more than one of his senses. She let her lips touch his ear slightly, then ran her tongue along his jawbone until she reached his mouth, then kissed him hungrily… sucking him in… imagining how his cock would feel thrusting deep inside her.

He brought both his hands forward, wrapping her breasts in his palms, letting her explore his mouth… her nipples grew hard under his touch, and he squeezed them harder when she leaned into him, asking for more without taking her lips from his. He traced her body with his hands, pulling the silky material up with his fingers, until he could touch bare skin. She shivered as he lifted it off, then wrapped her legs around his waist as he carried her to the bed… the kimono left in a heap on the floor where they had been.

He sat her on the bed, then stood before her, removing his shirt. She lay back, watching, vulnerable and wanton. His steel blue eyes locked in hers as he unbuckled the brown leather belt, taking it from around his waist in one swift motion and laying it across her belly as she winced – but didn’t move. She heard, rather than saw, him unsnap and step out of his jeans, unable to take her eyes away from his - two hypnotizing gems set in an extraordinary face, unlike any she had ever seen - she melted, fluid in his arms as he slipped them around her…

He never took his eyes off her face, and still – their voices silent, all conversation strictly body language – they seemed to communicate in perfect tandem.

He didn’t ask what she needed, for some unspoken message had revealed her desires. And he would fulfill them to her expectations.

She reached above her, pushing tenderly against the erect penis of the man in the carving, and suddenly the panel began to move, displaying behind it a hidden trove of unexpected trinkets… everything carefully selected, destined to provide every pleasure imaginable. Holding her hands now with one of his, he reached for a pair of gold trimmed cuffs, snapping her wrists together… his cock was hard, throbbing at the very thought of taking her on an adventure – one that would surpass her wildest fantasy.

She felt his manhood press against her thigh, her breath stopped for a second as she felt her heart beat faster, her blood rushing in anticipation of him entering her… She lunged upward against him, longing for the ecstasy his touch promised – and he continued to explore, holding her hostage to his own desire.

He would have her, in time. But first, she must earn his pleasure. Once again, she let her deep blue eyes meet his compelling gaze – full, red lips opened invitingly and she let him come to her, his bulging cock touching her gently at first… she wrapped her luscious mouth around him, still watching his face, tasting him with her tongue, taking him farther into her throat, until his balls were against her chin, her face against his loins… and she sucked him tenderly – then greedily. He pulled away, holding her by the hair, and then pulled him to him again, thrusting against her… his eyes closed, head back. He felt her soft, wet mouth caress his cock, her cuffed hands stretched back toward the headboard. He held her head, twisting silky hair in his fingers, pulling her away from him again… She looked up at him, her tongue tracing her lips seductively as their eyes locked, communicating still without words – a silent exchange of raw yearning.

She lifted herself up, bringing her arms forward to touch his face, the back of her hand on his jaw, each of them unable to take their eyes from the other… She pushed her body against him, taking his hands into hers to place them under her aching breasts, her nipples hard and erect as his fingers brushed against them. 

Her breath quickened… she wanted him to feel her heart pounding under the heated mounds… she whispered for him to squeeze her nipples, and he suddenly could no longer resist taking her into his mouth. She felt his lips and tongue on her right nipple, teasing it… then he sucked hungrily and she pressed harder against him, breathing a faint whisper, ‘yes, please, babe… harder…’ He tasted sweet nectar, milky white and silky against his lips – just a tiny sip intoxicated him.

He reached for her cuffed wrists with his left hand, savoring his right to touch her, wanting to discover every secret she concealed. His fingers played gently against her chest, between her breasts, down her stomach, pinching her ever so slightly, playfully… Rising to her face again, he kissed her deep on the mouth, their tongues embracing.

She pushed up against him, hips pleading… and she gasped when his fingertips touched her just above the inner thigh, such a tender crease… just there… she moaned, a deep wanton sound that sent such an intensity down his spine, his cock stood hard and almost painfully erect, blood rushing like a flood through his veins.

He leaned up, looking down at her… wrapped his fingers around her throat, and she opened her mouth, but no sound came out… her eyes pleading for him to devour her.

He held her hands above her head as she watched, hypnotized as he moved around her, using silk scarves found in the headboard to secure ankles to foot posts… his hands always on her skin, a comforting caress… whispering to her as his lips lightly touched her thighs, his breath hot against her flesh.

He moved back up to her face, kneeling over her with his hands on either side of her, his cock poised between her thighs… She was so warm there… She lifted up against him as she placed her tongue against his lips, pushing inside his mouth sweetly, darting in and out, and he understood she wanted him inside her – but he would decide when… and how.

He moved his throbbing shaft until he felt her smoothly shaven mound just above satiny outer lips. He touched her only with the hot, blood-engorged head… moving just inside her… slowly… feeling her pulse beneath him – feeling pleading screams from within, begging him to come inside.

She wanted him so badly now… The sensual awakening she was experiencing with this man was unfamiliar, and she was beginning to understand what erotic really meant – below the surface to depths where passion turned in the tide. 

He began to press harder, trailing pre-cum against her tight opening, entering slowly, deliberately. Closing around him possessively, she felt every fraction of him as he pushed further inside her… her muscles holding him tightly, imprisoning him… feeling his hardness, his pulsing cock rocking back and forth as his hips met hers… all the way inside her.

Her heart pounding, she brought her cuffed wrists from above, placing her arms around his neck as they kissed… unable to get enough of each other. He moved slightly, lifting his hips, pulling his cock out just to the edge of her – then pushed forward abruptly, thrusting against her now, unable anymore to hold back… fucking her hard, deep, fast – desperately.

He untied the ankle scarves with one hand, and she immediately wrapped her legs around him, pulling him closer, her heels against his back… animal desire overwhelming both of them, filling their minds and bodies with undeniable lust… He kissed her lips, her neck, and her forehead as she moaned softly, vulnerably… She held him to her with her arms and legs, wanting more of him.

He held her shoulder down, thrashing his hips against her recklessly now, his cock pulsing against her swollen clit, setting a fire in her that could not be extinguished by anyone but him.

She met his thrusts, matching his pace, moaning louder with her soft voice somewhere inside her throat… pleading sounds that made him want her even more.

She began to whimper… ‘fuck me, fuck me, fuck me’… her blood like molten lava, wanting him deeper… deeper… harder… pushing against him faster, pulse racing.

He felt her muscles clasp against him, holding his cock hostage with tight spasms… he could barely hear her screams of ecstasy as he felt his own tide swell, then spill in bursts of pleasure… filling her with his hot cum. He couldn’t stop – it felt so good – she felt him moving, every muscle alive with his touch. Again, the waves rose, drowning them both in orgasm, their hearts beating against each other as they finally collapsed.

He lay there, taking her wrists gently to unlatch the gold cuffs, freeing her now. She touched his face with soft fingertips, and then kissed him tenderly on the lips… this stranger was the man she had been dreaming about, hoping he would find her, and she felt an spiritual connection to him – she had thought such a thing was elusive, something she might never experience.

They both realized this was no ordinary encounter – in fact, business hadn’t even been discussed. Instead, it began spontaneously and evolved into an extraordinary evening neither had anticipated.

Only one thing seemed certain now. Since destiny and fate held them captive, release would escape them forever – and yet, bound together as one, they would discover ultimate freedom was intangible, and as close as their next kiss. Memorable… forever, never-ending.