 When Carolyn stumbled sleepily into the kitchen the next morning, she saw April already sitting there, eating her usual bagel and coffee. For some reason she stood stock-still a few moments before walking stiffly to the coffeemaker to pour herself a cup. It didn't help that April was watching her stepmother's every move, as if they were two spies keeping each other under surveillance. It almost seemed as if Carolyn didn't want to sit at the breakfast table with April; but as going off into the dining room to sit there by herself was obviously absurd, she sat down gingerly, trying to avoid her stepdaughter's gaze. 

But April wasn't about to let Carolyn off the hook. 

"Did you really . . .?" she said, cutting herself off as if too appalled to continue. 

"Really what?" Carolyn said with trembling faux naïveté. 

"You know—with Kumar," April said accusingly. 

Suddenly Carolyn decided to be in high dudgeon. "And what's wrong with that, young lady?" 

"My God," April said, almost to herself. "That man's insatiable!" 

"I can't help that." 

"Did he tell you what he did with us? I mean, do you know how many times—?" 

"Look, April, you don't need to go into the gory details. He gave me an overview of your 'party.'" 

All of a sudden April burst into a wide grin. "He was really something!" 

"I daresay he was," Carolyn said primly. 

"You shoulda been there," April said almost without realizing what she was saying. 

"April, are you crazy? There's no way I would have participated in something like that!" 

"Oh, Mom, it was just fun. He nearly chewed my head off at one point, but sex can be just fun, you know—it doesn't always have to be deadly serious." 

"I understand that, but still—I think you forced him into it." 

"Oh, yeah? Well, nobody was twisting his arm—or any other part of his anatomy." 

"April, I think you'd better wash your mouth out with soap." 

"You said that once before, Mom. Sorry, but I don't think it's going to happen." 

"I think you're out of control!" 

"Oh, Mom, I'm fine. It's not me that I'm worried about. It's—Melody." 

"What about her?" 

"He must have told you what happened. He deflow—" 

"You don't have to say it. He did tell me. And what of it? It had to happen sometime." 

"Yeah, but she's getting all weird about it. I think she's gotten this huge crush on Kumar." 

"April, she's only known him for a single evening. You can't get a crush that quickly." 

"You wanna bet? You haven't been eighteen in a while, Mom." 

Carolyn was quietly seething. "You don't have to remind me how old I am." 

"Sorry, I didn't really mean that. It's just that—well, we're going to have to do something about her." 

"About Melody?" 

"Yeah. I think she's going to want to see Kumar again." 

"Well, let her!" 

"You really mean that, Mom? You know what that means, don't you? I'm not saying they should just sit down and have tea together." 

"I know exactly what you're saying, dear." 

"And—and you're okay with it?" 

Carolyn sighed. "I don't know. I guess so. For your information, I do remember what it was like to be eighteen. I don't want her to—suffer." 

"So it'll be all right for her to come over here sometime? It'll have to be here. She can't possibly meet Kumar at her place—she's still living with her parents." 

"I understand that. But you realize that Kumar's only going to be here a few weeks. Then he goes back home." 

"But Mom, he's going to move here, isn't he? I thought that was the plan!" 

"I don't know, dear!" Carolyn said agitatedly, her voice suddenly rising. "He hasn't made up his mind yet. He has to make sure he can work out here. He's only now getting in touch with tech companies to see if he can do his consulting work. If he can't, well, he won't be coming here." 

"Oh, Mom, there's no way that's going to happen! I'm sure he can do lots of work here." 

"Well, I think so—but it's not a done deal." 

April looked off in the distance, trying to avoid facing the appalling prospect of Kumar drifting out of her life. And when she gazed at her stepmother, she realized that she was thinking exactly the same thing. 

"It'll be fine, I think," Carolyn said in a whisper, reaching over to take her stepdaughter's hand. 

"Okay," April said. Doing her best to shake off lugubrious thoughts, she said, "I'll talk to Melody about it. I'm sure she'll be thrilled to see him again." 

April didn't waste any time, moseying on over to Melody's house later that morning. Melody's mother led April up to her daughter's room, giving April an unreadable glance before leaving the two young women alone. 

"Your mom looked at me weird," April announced. 

Melody was sitting quietly on a loveseat, staring dreamily off into space. She almost didn't notice April plumping herself next to her; but when the loveseat shook as April sat down on it, Melody seemed to snap out of her reverie. 

"What? What?" she cried. 

"I said," April said, with exaggerated patience, "your mother looked at me strangely. She doesn't know what happened, does she? You couldn't possibly have told her." 

"Good God, no!" Melody burst out. "You think I'm an idiot? But I think Mom suspects." 

"How could she?" 

"Well, I had to tell her who was coming to the party—she wanted to know." 

"You told her about Kumar? Why the hell did you do that?" 

"No, no, I didn't mention his name. I tried to get away by saying there would be mostly girls there, but Mom pressed me and said, 'Have any guys been invited?' I just said, 'Well, maybe one or two.' And when I came home, I think she noticed something funny about the way I was walking." 

"Sore, huh?" 

"You bet! My, um, places still throb from when Kumar . . ." 

"Yeah, I figured they would." 

"How long does that go on?" 

"What—the soreness and throbbing?" 

"Yeah." 

"I don't know—a couple of days. You'll be fine." 

"Well, I know that. It does feel kind of strange to be—not a virgin anymore." 

April smiled. "Well, I'm sort of in the same boat. I was a virgin until about a month ago." If you don't count the fifty or sixty guys whose cocks I put in my hand or my mouth. 

"I always thought you'd done it long before." 

"Yeah, well, maybe I liked to pretend that. But I really didn't want to have any of the guys at school do that to me. I mean, giving someone a blowjob doesn't count, does it?" 

"I think it counts!" 

"Well, I don't. As far as actual penetration is concerned, I wanted to save myself for someone special." 

"And you did." 

"So did you." 

Melody lapsed into silence, looking at her hands. Several times she seemed on the verge of saying something, but she kept quiet. 

"You want to see him again, don't you?" April said quietly. 

Melody looked over to her friend with an expression that April thought almost unbearably sad. She swallowed hard before saying, "Of course I do—but only if he wants to." 

"Of course he wants to!" 

"He said that?" Melody asked as if her life depended on it. 

"Well, not in so many words, but I think he really liked you. You must have sensed that." 

"I guess I did." 

April gazed at Melody benignly. "You're really smitten with him, aren't you?" 

Then Melody did something April wasn't expecting. Her face crumpled in misery and she flung her arms around her friend, crying, "I love him!" 

April had no choice but to hug Melody in return, encircling her slender form tentatively. Even though they were almost exactly the same age, April suddenly felt incalculably older than this naïve little girl who'd never had a relationship—and rarely even a date—with a man or boy before. She didn't want to crush Melody by saying something harsh or derisive, for she could sense the swirl of emotions that must have been running through her. After all, maybe something similar had happened to her down in Mexico. 

"It's okay, dear," April cooed, patting her friend on the back as she cried her eyes out on April's shoulder. "Just settle down. You can see him again if you want to." 

Melody pulled back from April's embrace. "Really? You mean that?" 

"Of course! Not a problem at all." 

"But—but he's your boyfriend." Then, in some confusion: "And your mom's." 

"I know, but that's okay. We don't mind if you're with him every now and then. Maybe you can see him, like, once a week while he's here?" 

Melody tried to hide her disappointment. Once a week? Is that all? But she realized that she probably couldn't realistically expect any more access to that wonderful man. 

"Okay," she said. 

"Maybe Thursday," April went on. That was three days from now. 

"Fine. But, um, it'll have to be at your house." 

"I know that." 

"And I can't spend the night." The idea of spending the night with Kumar was so overwhelming that she could hardly articulate it. "My parents would kill me! So I have to be back home by, say, ten." 

"Why don't you come over for dinner? Then afterward, you two can—you know, do whatever." 

Melody smiled bravely through her tears. "That would be fabulous." Then she hugged April tightly again. "Oh, April, you're the best friend a girl ever had!" 

"You're a good friend too, Melody." 

And as they were parting, Melody added: "And thank your mom for me." 

* 

Not surprisingly, Melody showed up early that Thursday evening, arriving well before dinner was scheduled for six o'clock. She seemed to be on tenterhooks, and Carolyn took pity on the poor girl by doling out a little white wine that she hoped would soothe her nerves. She fully agreed that young people shouldn't drink before the legal age of twenty-one, but exceptions had to be made in unusual circumstances. 

Kumar had been working hard on something—no one was quite sure what—upstairs, and when he came downstairs and ambled into the living room, looking a bit weary but with a soft smile on his face, Melody almost spilled her wine in her eagerness to jump up and greet him. 

She went to him with that solemn expression that she had unwittingly perfected over years—April had always chided her for taking everything too seriously—and let Kumar enfold her in his arms. He kissed the top of her head, but that didn't satisfy her, and she held up her face to him and let him know she wanted a proper kiss on the mouth—and she didn't care that April and Carolyn were watching her closely. Kumar obliged, putting a hand on her cheek while giving her a kiss that seemed to her to last an eternity. 

"Hello, Melody," Kumar said with a kindly twinkle in his eye. 

A breathy "hi" was all Melody could manage. 

When they settled down to dinner, Melody did little but push the food around on her plate. Maybe Carolyn had erred in preparing something so heavy as pot roast, vegetables, and biscuits, but she knew that Kumar had worked pretty hard all afternoon and would need some sustenance. She gently rebuffed Melody's plea for a glass of red wine: she didn't want the poor girl to fall asleep just when her big moment—getting Kumar all to herself—was approaching! 

As Carolyn looked at the slender young woman (who in olden days would have been called "a little slip of a girl"), she pondered on whether Kumar was in fact right that losing one's virginity was more significant to women than to men. She tried to cast her mind back to when she was Melody's age. She had gone through a series of crushes on boys in high school and maybe even in her early college years; but she sensed that what Melody felt for Kumar was far above and beyond something so frivolous as that, and she herself couldn't recall experiencing any such thing. She'd certainly not had any major crush on the boy who had so clumsily deflowered her: probably she had just reached the stage where she felt that her virginity was getting to be a nuisance and a bore, and she picked a guy almost at random to relieve her of it. 

When the main part of the meal was over, Melody took only a few sips of her coffee and spurned Carolyn's apple pie altogether. When Kumar, picking up on signals from his imminent bedmate, did the same, Carolyn threw in the towel and, with her patented smirk, said: 

"Okay, you two, you're excused. Melody, don't be too late: better head home by ten." 

Kumar didn't appreciate being treated as some kind of adolescent being ordered around by his mother. As he got up from the table, he whispered to Carolyn: 

"Can we use your bed?" 

"Sure," she said. "Lots of room there." 

Melody had already flitted up the stairs, and Kumar had to direct her to the master bedroom as the place where the next stage of the proceedings was to happen. She dashed into the room as if escaping a pursuing ghost. Kumar walked in more sedately and gently closed the door behind him. 

Now that Melody was finally faced with the consummation of her heart's desire, she suddenly seemed to get cold feet. Kumar saw her give a kind of awed and alarmed look at the big bed, which took up most of the space in the room. As he calmly began disrobing, Melody stood frozen in place. 

"Are you going to undress?" Kumar said, then added with a smile: "Or do you want me to do it for you?" 

Melody laughed nervously and shook her head. By this time, Kumar had already stripped down to his underwear; and as he peeled his briefs off, exhibiting a fairly substantial erection, she rushed to get rid of her own remaining clothes. 

She had long had an inferiority complex about her body, not realizing how appealing her girlish figure was to a great many men. Her breasts in particular—which seemed like little peaches stuck to her chest, with a broad, flat gap between—were a source of mortification to her; and now that she had seen such amply supplied females as April and Lindsey (with Maryann not far behind), she wished there were some way to have a complete bodily makeover. 

But Kumar's sincere admiration for her physique—to say nothing of her other qualities—was immensely reassuring. As he again enfolded her in his arms, the contact of their naked bodies was a sure-fire stimulus to both of them; and as he stroked her back, bottom, thighs—and, yes, those breasts, which he found inexpressibly fascinating if only because he had not seen any like them before—she felt a surge in her self-confidence. And while she hated the common practice of judging females purely on their appearance, she sensed that pride in her body could easily translate to pride in her less tangible assets. 

She gave Kumar a solemn, almost frightened look as she stiffly walked toward him and then fell to her knees in front of him. 

"Melody," Kumar chided, "you don't have to do it that way." He recalled that he had said almost exactly the same thing to April on a similar occasion. 

"I don't mind," she said absently, and put his cock in her mouth. 

She was too embarrassed to say that she liked this position because it allowed her to fix her hands on Kumar's muscular bottom. There seemed to be a kind of dimple on the side of each cheek that she found incredibly erotic, and she also delighted in the firmness of the whole area, tempered as it was with utterly soft, baby-like skin covering it. And she decided to try, purely for her own interest, seeing how much of his cock she could get into her mouth: she had set herself the absurd goal of trying to touch his pubic area with her nose if at all possible. But it proved impossible; when she got about two-thirds of his member into her mouth, a gag reflex came over her and she was forced to pull back abruptly. But she was now fixated on the saliva that liberally coated his organ, and the mere sight of it made her get suddenly wet. 

After a few minutes Kumar pulled her up and almost carried her to the bed. With her slight build and their substantial difference in age, she already felt—try as she might to dismiss it—that he was a quasi-father to her, and she didn't mind him treating her almost like a daughter (but what father would be carrying a naked daughter to bed while being naked himself?). He placed her gently on the bed after pulling back the covers, and then he slipped in next to her. 

At first he just held her, glorying in her warmth, softness, and the feel of her breasts, belly, and tuft of pubic hair against his body. After giving her bottom a squeeze, he urged her to lie on her back while he rained kisses down on her face, neck, breasts, and stomach, leaving a trail of his own saliva on her. And when he reached her delta, he pushed her legs open and, taking in the fragrant aroma—so similar to, and yet different from, that of April and Carolyn—he buried his face in her sex and began licking. 

To Melody, it was an awesome moment. Watching him service her—and only her, not a gaggle of other females nearby—she felt a connection to him that she felt nothing could sever. The physical sensations, while ecstatic enough, paled in comparison to the spiritual unity that was being established by this act—an act that stressed Kumar's humility in nurturing her pleasure before he took his own. 

The climax that came over Melody happened almost before she knew it, and it caused her vision to blur and a spell of dizziness to come over her. But it was such an ineffably mild orgasm that she couldn't tell when it actually started, and it seemed to go on indefinitely as he continued to lick and suck at her sex, drinking in the fluids oozing out of her. 

At last she had to push his head away, unable to endure so much pleasure. He considerately gave her time to recover before sliding up her body and positioning himself to mount her. When he did so, Melody realized that yet another level of intimacy had been reached, and with wide-open eyes she gazed up at him as he entered her and gently pumped her while giving her a tender glance that bespoke the love and devotion he already felt for her. 

She still felt a little pain, but that was something she felt was a necessary part of her maturation as a woman. The sensation of being filled to capacity, almost as if his entire body had somehow gone into her, was both ecstatic and reassuring: it made her feel immense pride in her femininity, a realization that she had ignited a man's desire to its fullest extent. Even though Kumar was bigger, stronger, and older than she was, and even though she was in a superficially subordinate position on her back, with this big, heavy man on top of her, she dimly sensed that she was really in charge. He was really submissive to her, since he had such a desperate thirst for access to her sex that he would have done anything to get it. And when he sent his seed forcefully into her, she accepted it graciously as the fitting tribute to her desirability. 

He collapsed on top of her, and she clung to him, wishing to keep him in her as long as possible and relishing his weight as his orgasm dissipated. She hadn't come, but the feeling of triumph at bringing out his climax was more than enough pleasure for her. 

He grudgingly pulled out, and she caught a glimpse of his slick, softening member as he flopped over to the other side of the bed. She thought she detected a few red drops there, and she quickly seized some Kleenex to wipe them away. 

They cuddled for some time, and as she rested her body against his, gently stroking his face, his chest, his flat, hard stomach, and then his groin, where his cock was growing again in preparation for a second round, she looked him straight in the face and said: 

"I want you to go into my bottom." 

A cloud of uncertainty came over Kumar's face. 

"Oh, Melody, darling, I don't know if we should do that." 

She felt a keen stab of disappointment. "Why not?" she cried, cursing herself for sounding like a disappointed toddler. 

"I don't want to hurt you." 

"You won't hurt me." 

"I did the first time, at the party." 
