 I was excited to see April. It had been almost ten years since we'd graduated from college and nearly that long since we'd last seen each other. We were close friends in college, though never more than that, and had stayed in close touch after graduation for a while, but once our careers had taken us to different cities we'd drifted apart and now only talked once or twice a year.

As was usually the case, I was pleasantly surprised to hear from April when she called. She excitedly explained that she would be attending a conference in the city where I work and was hoping we could get together. It turned out the conference was in a hotel not far from my office and my schedule was pretty open, so the chances of a reunion looked very good. For the first day of the conference, April had signed up for a bike tour of a local project and expected to be done by mid-afternoon so I planned to meet her and bring her down to my house for dinner with my family.

As her visit approached, I was thinking about April more and more. We may have flirted a bit in college, but we never even came close to anything more than that. That's not to say April wasn't attractive. On the contrary, she is an exotic Filipino with dark hair, dark eyes and a slim, tight little body. I didn't start wondering why nothing had ever happened between us in college, its one of those things that is hard to explain, but I was wondering if the same forces that kept us apart in college still existed. Of course, for all I knew she'd gained 50 pounds since college or had aged poorly over the last 10 years. Maybe I wouldn't even think of her in "that way" when I finally saw her.

The day of her arrival finally came and I worked dutifully all day while awaiting a call following her bike tour. The call finally came around 3pm. We talked for just a couple of minutes before I asked what the plan was. April indicated that, after her bike ride, she still needed to take a shower and change her clothes.

"Okay, so I'll be right over to help." I said, only half jokingly.

"Okay," she answered, without hesitation. "I'm in room 1309." I wasn't sure if she was serious or not, so I asked her.

"If your offer was serious, then so am I," she replied. I told her I was as serious as a heart attack and I'd be right over. I hung up the phone and my heart was pounding. It was what I'd wanted but at the same time I kept thinking that something would be dreadfully wrong when I got there. That didn't stop me, though. I shut down my computer, grabbed my stuff and headed to the hotel.

I knocked confidently on the door of room 1309 and April pulled the door open. She looked just as I remembered her except for the bike shorts and baggy sweatshirt. We hugged each other tightly in the doorway before I came in and she closed the door.

I didn't want there to be an awkward pause while we each waited for the other to do something, so I made the first move.

"So let's get you all cleaned up." I said, "And I was thinking on the way over that in order to insure that I don't set the shower water temperature to hot or cold, I'd probably better get in there myself to adjust it. Put your arms up." I lifted April's sweatshirt up over her head, revealing that tight body clad only in bike shorts and a black sports bra. She dropped her arms as I tossed the sweatshirt onto the bed, but I had her raise them again so I could remove her sports bra.

Running my hands from her waist up her back I pulled out the elastic at the bottom of the bra and began to push it up as I ran my hands around to the front. I pulled the bottom out far enough to lift it over her 34B's and slid the entire thing over her head. Her long, dark nipples pointed at me, tempting me to play with them and suck them, but I resisted and dropped to my knees in front of her. She'd already removed her shoes and socks before I'd arrived, so all that was left was her bike shorts and panties. I ran my hands up the backs of her legs from her calves to her ass. I hooked my thumbs in the waistband of her shorts and started pulling down as I worked around from back to front.

I have no idea what April was doing while all of this was going on. I don't know if she had her eyes closed or was staring at the wall or the top of my head. I was so entranced by her body -- her narrow waist, her perky breasts, her smooth brown skin -- I didn't know what was going on around me.

I made sure my hands slid over her ass again as I slid her shorts down in back but refrained from touching the front of her panties as it came into view. They were black, like her shorts, and pushed just slightly into the cleft of her pussy. My face was less than six inches from her pussy as I had her step out of her shorts, which had hit the floor.

I tossed the shorts toward the bed then ran my hands up the backs of her legs again. I slid my hands up under the legbands of her panties to cup her ass cheeks then slipped them out again, up and over her ass to the waistband. I slowly began to peel her panties downward, first revealing the top half of her ass then pulling down the front until I saw my first glimpse of her pubic hair. I stared intently as her pussy slowly, almost agonizingly, came into view. Her black pubes were trimmed very short and pretty narrow but still hid the prize that my cock was aching to explore. Rather than jam my tongue into her bush in search of her clit, like I wanted to do, I stood and looked into April's glassy eyes and said, "It looks like you are about ready for your shower."

She blinked away her daze and told me she would help me get ready to test the water temperature. As she unbuttoned my shirt, I unbuttoned the cuffs. She pushed it off my shoulders and, as she ran her hands over my chest through my t-shirt, I threw it onto the bed. I raised my arms to allow her to remove my t-shirt, which she tossed behind her. I kept my arms up in the air as she ran her hands over my now bare chest before moving to undo my belt. With my belt undone, she dropped to her knees and unbuttoned and unzipped my slacks. She helped my pants down before realizing that I still had my shoes on.

I looked down upon her naked form before me on the floor as she untied and removed my shoes, followed by my socks and pants. She placed her hands on the sides of my legs as she gazed directly at the bulge straining the cotton of my briefs. She slid her hands up to the waistband, gripped it and slowly slid my briefs down, allowing my cock to spring free and almost hit her in the face. I stepped out of my briefs, leaving them on the floor, as she ran her hands up to grip my ass while opening her mouth to engulf my rigid cock.

I hadn't planned to let this happen, figuring I'd try to resist all temptation until we'd teased ourselves silly in the shower, but there was no turning back now. Once I felt April's warm mouth encompass me, I was powerless to stop her. Instead, I ran my fingers through her thick black hair while her head bobbed up and down. I started pumping my hips toward her as her wet lips slid down my prick, my balls bouncing against her chin. It probably took less than five minutes of her mouth on me and her tongue snaking around the underside of my cock before I was unloading into her mouth. April didn't allow a single drop to spill, swallowing my entire load and continuing to milk me with her mouth until I was totally limp.

By this point, April's pussy must have been on fire. I planned to take care of her, but not yet. I helped her to her feet and led her to the bathroom. I stepped into the shower and turned on the water, adjusting it until it was just right. I reached out for April's hand and brought her into the shower with me. I placed her under the shower head and let the water cascade over her body, making her nipples harder than I thought they could get. I got a soapy lather going between my hands and had April move out from under the spray.

Standing behind her, starting at her neck and shoulders, I began lathering her up. I worked down each arm and soaped down to the small of her back before reaching around the front of her and beginning my journey upwards from her belly. My hands circled around her belly coming closer and closer to the top of her pubic hair before finally moving upwards to her breasts. I started out cleaning underneath them then moved up and over her nipples, which poked at my palms. I lathered the upper part of her chest and came back down to focus on her breasts. I spread the slippery foam around and around, passing back and forth over her nipples, eliciting soft moans.

I grabbed the bar of soap again and got another good lather going before dropping to my knees on the shower floor. I had April lift each foot as I washed it, then ran up each leg until I felt her sopping pubic hairs brushing against my hands. I asked her to bend over and soaped up an ass cheek with each hand. I then focused on her crack and made sure that her anus was nice and clean inside and out, slipping a soapy digit into her rectum. Now only her pussy was left.

I stood behind her, my revived cock pressing between her ass cheeks, and went to work on her pussy with both soapy hands. After thoroughly lathering it up by rubbing both hands all over the outside, I plunged two fingers into her and concentrated another one on her clit. She was playing with her own nipples at this point and moaning louder. It was only a few minutes before she forced herself down on my fingers with a grunt and I could feel her pussy convulsing. I worked her through that orgasm with my fingers before removing them and reaching for the shower head.

The shower was equipped with a removable shower head connected with a hose. I took the head and rinsed all of the soap from April's glistening, wet body, making especially sure no suds lingered in her bush. I wasn't sure I'd successfully cleaned it so I dropped to my knees again for a closer inspection. I let go of the shower head and left it dangling from its hose as I buried my face between April's legs. She backed up against the shower wall and slid down slightly so that her legs spread wider.

I buried two fingers into her again as my tongue went to work on her clit. She grabbed the back of my head while I lapped at her pussy, tasting her flowing juices. She started gyrating her hips toward me faster and faster as she started moaning again. Finally she let out a cry and pulled my face against her while pushing her hips toward me. I could taste more juices flowing across my face. I kept licking until she released her hold on me, then I stood up.

I stood before her, my rock hard cock between us, and looked down at her as she opened her eyes. I leaned down and our lips met for the first time. We simultaneously opened our mouths, our tongues intertwining. Her arms were up around my neck while my hands rested on her waist. One of her hands dropped down and I felt it grasp my throbbing cock. She broke our kiss and reached to turn off the shower, never letting go of me. She then led me by my member out of the shower, out of the bathroom still dripping wet and to the bed.

She pushed me onto my back and I moved up until my head rested on a pillow. She started at my feet, working her way up me with her tongue and her lips, stopping to suck on my rigid cock for a few too brief seconds. She then continued up my stomach and chest and as she worked on my neck I felt her hand grasp my prick again and guide it into her hot, tight pussy. She quit working on my neck as she pushed back impaling herself on me. We both let out a grunt. April then planted her hands on either side of my head and began riding me up and down, back and forth.

Her eyes were closed and her mouth hung open as little groans escaped her. I had my hands on her hips and was finally sucking on her long, hard nipples. Her tight, wet pussy felt like a velvet glove gripping and pulling me. I was in heaven as waves of pleasure washed over me and I felt that familiar feeling slowly beginning to build. I had just moved my hands from her hips to her ass to help move her up and down when April beat me to the punch, the velvet glove suddenly gripping me tighter as she let out a long, low moan. She shuddered several times as her pussy convulsed around my throbbing member, then looked down at me and smiled as she began riding me again.

I decided it was time for a change of position and briefly considered turning her over doggy-style. Slipping my cock into her tight pussy, I'd start with my hands on her hips but move them down to cup her dangling breasts and pull on her erect nipples as her fingers snuck back between her legs to stroke her own clit. The thought was enticing, but I couldn't bring myself to pull my cock out of her steamy depths to make that position change. Instead, with one quick move I was on top of April without ever pulling out. She wrapped her legs around my back and her arms around my neck and began to kiss me as I plunged into her as deeply as I could.

I started out slowly, pulling almost all the way out and pushing back in as far as I could, but gradually picked up the pace. We grunted into each other's mouths as our tongues explored. April had dropped her feet to the mattress and was raising her hips to meet my thrusts and had moved her hands down to my ass to try to pull me in even deeper. Our movements raised to a frenzy with our hips smacking against each other until finally my orgasm tore out of me and my cum pumped deep into April. After the second shot, I felt her pussy milking the rest of my juices out of me as she experienced another orgasm.

Eventually our movements ceased and I collapsed on top of her in a sweaty heap. It took a few minutes before I even had enough energy to roll off of her to the side. We lay there for a brief time catching our breath, but knew we needed to get going soon so as not to miss dinner with my family. We reluctantly dressed and made ourselves presentable before heading down to the train for the ride home. During the trip we figured out every opportunity we would have over the next few days to get together before she took off for home. We ended up getting in a good deal of carnal pleasure before her departure, including the hot blowjob she gave me as I drove her back to her hotel after dinner that night.