 I had just nodded into sleep a few minutes after midnight when I was awoke with a flash of car lights through my window. I threw my blanket to the floor in a pissed off fit as I grabbed my boxers at the foot of the bed. My wife stirred and asked me who was outside. I didn’t answer.

 I swung my front door open to find my sister in law stumbling out of her car. She was twenty and anxiously awaiting the day she became legal, so she could graduate into full blown alcoholism. April walked clumsily to the door, a red haze swimming around her usually vibrant emerald eyes; she clutched a strawberry wine cooler like a life support unit.

 “The hell are you doing driving?” I asked.

 She didn’t answer, but she walked past me and let herself in. I sat on the couch and prepared myself for her sad reportoire and tales of love gone wrong. I had memorized all of her weepy tales from previous drunken visits she had blessed me with. She had just moved in with the supposed love of her life and the bliss was fastly turning dull.

 “Kurt’s being a dickweed.” she said, throwing herself on the couch next to me.

 At that point, I decided I would listen. I was all kinds of pissed off for being woke up and it was often fun to fuck with her fragile head.

 “Oh now,’ I said. ‘You just don’t understand men.”

 “I understand everything, I got y’all figured out.” she said as she pulled from her drink.

 “Well, it wouldn’t appear that way at this point.” I told her.

 “Where’s my sister?” she demanded.

 “Asleep, where she should be.”

 “Why would you say that?” she asked.

 “Because I don’t want her to wake up and then I get attacked by two men bashing harpies.”

 “So that’s what you think I am.” she said.

 “You know my opinion of you, so just quit.”

 “What is your opinion?”

 I told her again. I never kept my opinion secret from her. I thought she was the stuff of trailer park porno films. I wanted to gnaw her milky flesh until she sliced mine with her perfectly manicured nails. I wanted to saturate her socks in honey and suck them until they felt like they had come out of a nuclear powered clothes dryer.

 “What would you do right now if you could do anything you wanted to do?” she asked.

  “I’ll never tell. I don’t expose my weaknesses. Besides, you’ll just tease.”

 “Yeah, okay. Look who’s calling who a tease.” she sneered

 “You were in high school, April! Besides, your parents would have squashed my nuts into oblivion.” I told her, trying not to raise my voice.

 “Now answer my question.” she demanded.

 “I can’t. I’ll have to show you. Outside.”

 “I don’t know if I trust you.” she cocked a suspicious eyebrow.

 “You have to. Oh wait, I can always just go to bed and leave you out here bored.  I got your keys. I promise you’re not going any damn place tonight.”

 I saw the horror in her eyes. She was in the throes of drunken bliss and needed a friend, a listener and worshiper. She knew she was pretty much fucked if she made me mad. April then agreed to my terms.

 First, I woke my wife. “You’re dumbass little sister is drunker than hell, oddly enough, so I am fixing to go dunk her ass in the pool.”

 My wife arose halfway asleep. “Don’t be mean to her.” she pleaded.

 I promised I wouldn’t. No, I would never be mean to my dear, sweet, dim-wited sister in law.

 Outside was the cheap wading pool I had bought for the summer. Even worse, I installed a lame privacy fence around it. Also, my version of a sun deck and some tropical container plants I had going for the whole Tiki-man/swinger effect.

 April damn near fell over the steps to the deck before she lowered herself down and onto her back.

 “It’s wild to come out here at night and phisolophize about what’s out there in the stars.” She said.

 “That’s philosophise, brainiac.” I told her.

 April kicked off her sandals, exposing her perfectly symmetrical violet painted toes. She then performed some sort of a drunken stretch, trying to arch her back and signal her pert boobs to the stars.

 “Oh nice.’ I said. ‘I thought this was supposed to be about what I would do.”

 “Hell, I’ve all but drawed you a map.” April said.

 I gave that a chuckle and moved closer to her. I pulled on the loose legs of her shorts to see what she was hiding beneath. The black lace panties were almost too much and I almost ended my night right there. The bulge in my boxers was far passed evident.

 I pulled the shorts to her knees and buried my face at the moist lace covered mound. She pushed my head into her as she let out a soft groan.

 “Those come down, too.” she explained.

 I thanked her for that fact and obliged.

 I don’t know why she always had black pubes in my fantasy, but I was proven wrong. I carressed her silky dark blonde hair as my fingers dares to explore the tiny pink slit. She emitted more closed mouth groans as I rubbed my dick against my makeshift deck. I spread her delicate flesh with two fingers and just wanted to stare into it all night, amazed at how small it all was.

 My finger searched for her hole in vain she grabbed my hand and guided me. I pushed my finger halfway into her and felt like I was putting a hole through a block of microwaved hardware putty. My other hand clutched her foot. At least she knew where to put her toes. I worked my tongue between all of her toes and the arches of her feet as she flipped her hips wildly on the deck.

 Her hand reached and started stroking my cock beneath my shorts.

 “Gawd!’ she said. ‘Just what in the hell do you think you are gonna do with that thing?”

 “Anything I want, just like you said.”

 She mumbled some nonsense about not knowing if she could handle my inches, but I shut her up quickly as her tiny hole swallowed the rest of my finger. She begged to me fuck her and started talking like I had never heard any woman, but I was having too much fun to blow my good time in a couple of frustrated spurts.

 I turned her over and admired the pale white ass I had always dreamed of, only guessing what it looked like under various garments over the past few years. I bit into one of the hemisphere’s of her ass until she let out an excitred squeal. I then cupped my hands under her midrift and pulled her onto her knees.

 “Whoa. No man has ever seen me like this.” she said.

 “Why?”

 “I just don’t do this.” she stated very matter of factly.

 I told her to shut her mouth as I crept under her and put my tongue to work on her thick outer lips. She collapsed on me after a few minutes, but I was not bothered by the fear of suffication as I lapped my way into her tasty middle. Her moans changed as I tongue fucked her barely visible pussy. My five O’ clock shadow was soaked by her nectar like juices as I turned her onto her back once more.

 “That’s just weird!” she said.

 “No, you’ve just never had a man.”

 I slid my throbbing cock into her slowly, her mouth agape as she was trying to sustain breathing and not make any obvious noise. I pulled all the way out of her so I could repeat the process. I only got three or four times in before she covered her mouth in a muffled groan and her sugary walls and hips twitched uncontrollably. I gave her a final thrust and sprayed into her sweet thing. Cum overflowed and spilled over my shaft onto the deck as she simply didn’t have room for it all.

 April turned to her side and continued to train her breathing back to normal.

 “I can’t believe we did this.” she said sadly.

 “But you did. And you wanted to.”

 “I know. It’s just wrong. You’re married to my sister.” she whined.

 “Nice detective work. You loved it. Now I’m hooked. You have no idea what you have done.”

 I slithered against her and wedged my cock between the cheeks of her white ass. I layed there, enjoying her warmth and my adventures in her once forbidden zone.

 “No one can ever find out.” she said.

 “Don’t be stupid. No one will. But this isn’t the end of this. By no means.”

 I inched my way into her soaked cunt again as I grabbed her platinum blonde hair and forced me to look into my eyes. Her glazed green eyes disappeared into her head each time I moved inside her. I spoke to her each time I pumped my selfish prick into her.

 “Now. You take your drunk ass to the couch and go to sleep. Don’t be frightened when I come knocking in the night though.”

 “Haaaah! What do you mean?” she groaned.

 “Anything.’ I shoved into her as deeply as I could. “A nibble at your ass, my dick across your cheek, anything....and you won’t make a noise. Will you?”

 “N-No.” April sighed as I pulled out again.

 I had to explain several trips to my wife as I left the bed during the night. One excuse was powerful thirst. I did something else to April on each trip to the kitchen. To my surprise, she had hidden the panties and only wore her shorts for easier access. Little did I know what I was turning her into or what was dormant demon was about to emerge from her seemingly harmless, tight little body. We would have more adventures, each time I was burying myself into a dark tunnel of trouble I never thought possible. I soon found that nothing was secret and one could never get away with anything in this world.

 April waited one week before she knocked on my door and flashed the dangerous, impish grin of hers. She had brought a Monopoly board and told me she was going to teach me by her rules while her sister was at work. She insisted on being the dog and had improvised rules about hotels, collateral and property which ended in a tragedy I will soon tell.

 END

The first intallment of this is true, with the next ones being loosely based on fact.  Somehow, I hope you like.