 I hadn't been called Miss Blanchard in the eleven years I had been Mrs. Murtz, and when she called me by that name, her voice caught a chord in my heart, and I knew I knew her, though her look was unfamiliar. Her hand was cold from the beer when she reached for mine, and with a great playfulness, the woman sat beside me and introduced herself. Re-introduced herself. 

"Saylia Diamond. You were my teacher in the seventh grade."

I smiled, trying to reconcile her short hair, black nails, fitted grey tank top with long blonde braids and a schoolgirl's tunic. Saylia was always more mature than her years, I remembered her quick intelligence and dark humour immediately. "You are all grown up," I said, barely able to keep my eyes from tracing the muscles in her arms, her firm breasts, and her slim abdomen. She caught me staring, and looked delighted. 

"Are you waiting for someone?" I smiled. Did it matter? I was thrilled that she had found me these years later. I came here often now... now that I was single again. 

"No," I said, so aware of the heat coming off of her. She was half my age, and burning energy like a machine. "What are you doing now?" I asked benignly, sipping my drink. 

"You want to know where I've ended up?" She laughed, and it was all mischief. 

"Of course." I took a sip of my drink and stared into blue eyes that had seen tragedy and disappointment since I'd stared into them last. She was a grown woman, I could see that, and as she took a sip of her beer, I counted in my head how old she must be. 

"I'm a scientist. An allergist."

"I'm not surprised, Saylia. You are so bright..." She shifted toward me. 

"Yeah?" She was no wearing makeup, but her skin was so pale, the flush upon it was evident. Had she finished too many drinks before she spotted me?

"Yeah. I always thought so." I smiled at her. 

"Why are you here tonight," Saylia asked. 

"I'm here sometimes... Just looking for a friend..."

"I'll be your friend tonight," Saylia said and placed a graceful-fingered hand on my thigh. My body responded immediately, but I wanted to push her hand away. I felt, however, powerless to her. Her eyes were locked on mine as her hand travelled slowly up my thigh. 

"Um..." I said, "I'm so sorry, I've just... never thought of you this way."

"I wanted you since the seventh grade," Saylia said, gripping my thigh and smiling eagerly. I wasn't sure what to think, but she was close enough that I could smell the baby powder on her. 

I looked down at her perfect hand, and back up to those steely eyes that wanted me so badly. Saylia Diamond, winner of the spelling bee, eating me up with her eyes. I had to laugh. This girl had been one of my favourites, but she had been dark. Now I saw a mature need in her eyes. "I used to stare at you," she said, with a smile. "I've thought about you so often since then, It's quite... magical that I found you here."

"Indeed," I said, placing my hand over hers. She was stroking my thigh, and I felt so excited by her touch that I had to stop her.

"Listen," I heard myself say. "I don't live far from here..." her fingers tightened on my leg. 

"Yes?"

"And if you want to come home with..."

"I'd like very much to come." Saylia downed the rest of her drink and grabbed her jacket. Her eyes were cool fire as she stood on thin and lithe legs. "Take me home, Miss Blanchard."

As we walked, I could feel her beside me. She smoked a cigarette which was unexpected, and every few paces, I was engulfed in a cloud of smoke. My legs felt like jelly as we approached my building. "You live here?" she asked, butting out her cigarette with her Birkenstock sandal. 

"I do now," I said. 

"Which floor? It's either safety or view, isn't it?"

"View," I said, smiling. "I live on the top floor." 

As we walked toward the elevators, she did something unexpected, and touched my face. I drew back, unsure of what to do. My fingers found the button, and she leaned in to kiss my cheek. It was slow and warm, and when the elevator came, Saylia practically pushed me inside. 

I felt her mouth on mine, and her fingers in my hair. As we rose into the sky she kissed me hard, and pressed herself against my hip. I responded to her, because I had no choice! Her mouth was demanding, and when the door to my floor opened, we fell out of it and slammed against the wall on the twelfth floor. She had me pinned, and I dropped my bag on the floor to touch her face. And suddenly her hands were everywhere on me. 

"Second door," I stammered, grabbing that beautiful hand and leading her to my apartment. What was I thinking? This girl was twenty-three, maybe twenty-four, and I was... well, I knew better. We entered my apartment door and into the small foyer. She dropped her coat on the floor. I could see the outline of her nipples on that gray tank top, and I don't know, but my hands gravitated towards them, until we were standing, face to face, with our hands on each other's boobs. 

"You were always beautiful, Miss Blanchard." 

"I'm an older woman now..." I started to explain, but her mouth cut me off. I felt her soft lips against mine, her tongue exploring my mouth. 

"I know what I want," Saylia said. "And I want you." She wrapped her arms around my neck, and pulled me toward her. I felt her warm against me, and drank her in with my hands on her small waist, on her ass. 

When I walked her to my bedroom, she didn't resist. She crossed her arms in front of her and pealed off her tank top, exposing perfect young breasts -no bra- and she looked pleased at herself. 

"Lose the top," she said. 

"I was hoping you could help me with that," I said, feeling a spread of warmth in my groin. 

"Sure." She pressed herself against me to remove my top, and I laced my fingers around her waist as she relieved me of my clothing. 

Her hands found my bare breasts as we fell backwards on my bed. I arched my back and moaned as she took my nipple between her teeth and bit down a little. I cried out, but she just said "shh.." and I bit my lip. She slid her pants down, and straddled me. I was still wearing my pants, but she was grinding into me so it didn't matter. She lay on top of me and rubbed my clit with her body. I was squirming underneath her, desperate to take off my stupid pants. I reached down and undid them. 

"Hang on," I said as I wriggled out of my pants. "Come back," I urged when i was lying only in my underwear. She did. 

I grasped her hips as she rubbed against me with her crotch. It felt beautiful and my hips rose to meet her movement. I felt her breathing change and her pulse increase, like a fine engine. I pulled her into me, and she wriggled above me, kissing my neck and the top of my chest. 

"Mmm," she moaned. "Does that feel good?"

"So good," I groaned, lifting my hips faster. 

Suddenly she straddled my face and pulled her underwear over to the side. "Lick me. Fast," she said, lowering herself so her sex was in my face.

"Ok," I said, and started flicking my tongue over her swollen clit. 

"Yeah..." she said as I licked her hard. She rode my face until she started moaning ad begging for more. 

"Make me cum!"

"Mmm..."

"Yeah, I'm gonna cum!" she moaned, gripping my headboard. I licked her as fast as I could, my tongue grazing her sensitive clitoris. She sat on my face, and rode my tongue like a jockey at the Breeder's Cup. I knew I hit the spot when she practically exploded into me. and called out my old name... Miss Blanchard... Miss Blanchard... She collapsed into my bed and covered herself in blankets, smiling, smiling. 

"I'd like to return the favour," Saylia said, slipping her hand between my legs. I admit, it didn't take much prompting until I was practically begging her to rub between my thighs, and bring me to the same ecstasy she had found riding my mouth. She kissed my neck, sending delicious shivers down my body, and I didn't want her to stop touching me. "I want to taste you," she said, sliding down the bed until she was covered by the sheets and the duvet. I closed my eyes and felt her. 

Her tongue circled my clit, and i rubbed against her mouth, calling out Saylia! Saylia! She sped up and I felt myself building towards orgasm. 

"You want me?" Saylia asked from somewhere dark. 

"Yes. Don't stop!" She didn't stop. My orgasm came hard, and I pressed into her face as I came in great waves of relief. She licked me slow now, and my pulse came against her tongue. 

"Are you happy," Saylia said, emerging from my covers. 

"Yes," I managed. 

"So am I," she said. She lay with her head on my chest. 

"Is that what..."

"What I always wanted," she finished.