 As I spotted Mari heading toward the exit of the bar at the same time I was, I almost turned around immediately and headed back to the happy hour but I knew she'd already spotted me, too. It wasn't just that I didn't want to leave happy hour at the same time she did; it was because I knew she'd be headed to catch the train just as I was and that meant I'd be stuck riding with her. Just looking at her, you might wonder why I'd be reluctant to spend some time with such a good-looking blond but Mari was painfully pretentious; I'd never been involved in a conversation with her that wasn't primarily about her. When we'd first started working on a big project together, me as an engineer and her as an architect, I'd definitely made every effort to tolerate her self-centered ramblings. With time, though, even those deep blue eyes couldn't keep me interested. Had it been acceptable to stare at her tits as she talked to me, I might have lasted longer but I was so far beyond even feigning interest by this point. Unfortunately, there was no escape this time.

Giving her my most sincere fake smile, I held the door for her while reminding myself that, if we caught a train pretty quickly, I'd be free of her in less than an hour. It didn't work out that way but I ended up not really having any complaints about how the night turned out. In fact, running into her as we were both leaving happy hour ended up being quite fortuitous for both of us. The conversation began innocuously enough but, by the time we were standing on the train platform, she was telling me about all the trendy places she and her friends had been the previous weekend. It was an effort to keep my eyes from glazing over but, because we were a bit after rush hour, once we were on the train, there was enough room that she sat across from me. She was wearing a fairly short skirt and her legs looked nice but I still made the effort to keep my eyes above her neck.

As the train began rolling, rather than continue the conversation about her cool and trendy activities, she actually asked which stop would be mine. I told her where I got off the train and that I walked home from there.

"My car is parked at the stop before yours," she said, "so I wonder if I could make you a deal."

"Yeah?" I asked, "What are you thinking?"

"I would be more than happy to drive you home," she said, "if you'd be willing to help me cum first."

"Did I hear you right?" I asked, certain that I must not have.

"I'm so horny and I'm tired of taking care of myself," she said, "and, look, I'm even wearing a skirt for easy access."

She spread her legs and raised the hem of her skirt, showing me her panties as my cock began to stiffen. My mind was racing as I was considering that I might possibly see her naked and, even if I didn't, at the very least I'd get a hand into her panties. Regardless of which ended up being the case, I was in.

"I'd be more than happy to help," I replied, trying to sound casual, "were you thinking we'd go to your place?"

"You said you have a roommate, right?" she asked, "I don't want to deal with questions from roommates and I know mine will be relentless. Do you know of somewhere private we can go and not be interrupted? I don't care if it's outside; it's a nice night."

I'd lived in the area my entire life so I'd been cataloging locations for activities requiring privacy since before I'd even been driving. A handful came to mind immediately. When we reached her stop, I disembarked with her, though I let her go ahead of me so I could admire her ass. She did have a really nice figure, with just the right amount of curves, along with the blond hair and blue eyes passed down by her Finnish ancestors. She led me to an expensive, sporty little two-seater that would be a little difficult to fuck in but could work for fucking on. I directed her to a location where I knew we could accomplish exactly that without anyone interrupting us and which her sporty car could also access without any issues. She parked and shut the car off then looked over at me so I indicated that we should hop out. If I was going to make her cum manually, just slipping my hand into her panties, we could have accomplished that in the parking lot of the train station or my apartment complex. Since we'd parked someplace private, I was planning at the very least to eat her pussy if not fuck her.

I wasn't planning on any kissing but, when we met behind her car, she moved right in and brought her lips to mine. I didn't resist, of course, and when her tongue found its way into my mouth, I obviously reciprocated. As we were making out and my cock was stiffening, my hands were on her ass, caressing it while pulling her against the bulge in my pants. When I slipped my hands up under her skirt, I was pleased to discover that her panties were actually a thong so I was able to caress her bare ass cheeks. Figuring she was probably good and wet, I soon pulled my mouth from hers and hunkered down in front of her. I lifted the hem of her skirt and had her hold it up then caressed the front of her panties, feeling the texture of her bush through them, before sliding them down.

Her bush was a thing of beauty, both incredibly blond and meticulously groomed. I could have just stared at it but, once she'd stepped out of her panties, I stood and lifted her onto the trunk of her car. She planted her feet on the bumper and spread her legs so I set her panties beside her and lowered my head toward her pussy, pushing her skirt up around her waist. I ran my tongue along her slit, tasting the abundant juices that were accumulating and causing her to moan. She lay back and held my head as I slurped at her pussy, continuing to moan and starting to rock her hips. After lapping up her juices for a bit, I slipped a finger into her snug, slippery pussy and focused my tongue on her clit. This immediately had her moaning even louder and longer while she held my head tighter.

She was obviously pent up sexually just based on the fact that she'd propositioned me. Add to that the drive over and a little making out and she was completely fired up so I wasn't expecting it to take too long before she was cumming. I didn't necessarily want to be done eating her pussy too quickly, though, so I was making the effort to draw out the pleasure so we could both enjoy it for longer. I never would have thought that I'd find myself in this position and didn't know whether it would be my only opportunity to enjoy her pussy so I wanted to make the most of the experience. I didn't want to just continue to build her up while indulging myself without providing her any relief, though, so I didn't draw things out for too long. As I pushed her closer to an orgasm, she began to tense up slightly. I could feel her pussy becoming even wetter and more engorged as she got closer to cumming and knew that slipping my cock into her was going to feel amazing. I had no doubt at this point that I'd be fucking her.

Just before she started to cum, all of the tension left her body then she started shaking as she cried out. I continued to lick and suck her clit while sliding my finger in and out of her hotter, wetter pussy. Her orgasm was clearly a long and intensely pleasurable one so I was happy that I'd been able to provide her what she'd needed. When she finally went still and quiet, I slipped my finger out of her and raised my head. Straightening up again, I slipped my finger into my mouth to suck her juices off of it as I gazed at her blond pussy.

"You are going to stick your hard cock into me now, right?" she asked, I guess in case I wasn't sure that I was allowed to.

"Of course," I replied, "but first we're going to get you naked."

I absolutely wanted to see her completely naked and, if her getting fucked was contingent on that, I figured she'd be more acquiescent. I started to unbutton her blouse, revealing a very sexy bra that matched her thong panties. Her tits weren't huge but they were above average in size. As she was letting her blouse slide down her arms, I was caressing her tits through her bra, feeling her hard nipples through the thin material. I reached behind her and unfastened it, pulling it forward and revealing her big beauties topped with light pink nipples and areolas. I set her bra aside with her blouse and panties then caressed the soft, smooth flesh before lowering my head to lick and suck her hard nipples. She moaned and ran her fingers through my hair but I only indulged myself briefly because my cock was still throbbing. When I raised my head, I started to slide her skirt down so she raised her ass to help me get it off.

I stepped back slightly to admire her fully naked before me while I worked on getting my pants open. She looked fantastic and I think my cock got even harder. When I pushed my pants and underwear down together, it sprung out and her eyes went wide, followed by her smile. I moved back closer to her and she reached down to grip it, stroking it briefly before guiding it toward her pussy. As I slipped into her, we both moaned; her pussy felt incredible. I wasn't sure I'd be able to last long enough to help her cum again because of how good it felt as I started slowly fucking her. Rather than making out as we were fucking, she lay back again which gave me a nice view of her body and access to her tits. As I reached forward to caress them, she slipped a hand down to her pussy and caressed her clit.

I don't know how I managed to not cum immediately but it certainly wasn't due to thinking about baseball. I was gazing at her tits as I fondled them while savoring the pleasurable feeling of sliding in and out of her snug, slippery pussy. I wondered about the possibility of fucking her tits, too, but also realized that I hadn't gotten a look yet at her bare ass. If I could hold out long enough, there were definitely a few more things to try but it'd be even better if this didn't end up being my only opportunity. As annoying as I found Mari in general, I was finding her a lot more tolerable while she was naked so I'd definitely be into continuing this type of relationship. Based on the noises she was making and how her pussy was feeling even better the longer I was fucking her, it seemed like she was building pretty quickly toward another orgasm. I figured if I was able to help her get to another orgasm, the odds of being invited back to partake of her pussy once again would greatly improve. Fortunately, although I was thoroughly enjoying sliding my cock in and out of her, I was somehow not in any danger of blowing my load quite yet.

The fingers on her clit were practically a blur as she was helping herself along toward that impending orgasm, despite having claimed that she was tired of taking care of herself. If it helped her experience a higher level of pleasure, I had no issue with it but I sure hoped that my cock sliding in and out of her snug, slippery pussy was providing her at least as much pleasure as her fingers were. I didn't have to wonder just how much pleasure she was experiencing when she let out a cry and her body started shaking. I continued to fuck her as her pussy felt even hotter and wetter as a result of her orgasm. In fact, after another long and apparently highly pleasurable orgasm, I didn't want to stop fucking her. I did want to get a look at her ass, though, so once I was certain that she was done cumming, I slipped out of her. I helped her down off of the trunk and immediately turned her around so she leaned down on it. Her ass was quite nice so I caressed it briefly before guiding my cock back into her pussy from behind. She moaned and pushed back until my hips were pressed against her ass, then I resumed fucking her.

Looking down at her ass, I loved how it jiggled each time my hips tapped it. I was still caressing it at first but, once we had a good rhythm going, I slid my hands forward and cupped her swinging tits. She reached back under herself, I assumed to continue caressing her clit, so I was feeling pretty confident that she'd be assuring herself another orgasm. I could feel her hard nipples against my palms so I lightly caressed them, hoping that would arouse her even more and, not just help her cum again, but help her experience even more intense pleasure. I also felt as though feeling the soft, smooth flesh of her tits in my hands was making my cock even harder which in turn made her push back harder against my thrusting. It got to the point where it wouldn't just be her moaning that gave us away had anyone been around to hear it but the telltale smacking of my hips against her ass as we were fucking harder and faster would have been a dead giveaway.

The longer I was fucking her, the even more incredible her pussy was feeling so I was starting to think that I might just be blowing a load deep inside her. I straightened up and took her by the hips again, pulling her back each time I thrust into her to make sure she was receiving the full length of my stiff cock. My orgasm was building up faster but she ended up beating me to the punch. She gave a shove backwards and just stayed there so I embedded myself fully and held on as she started shaking while letting out another cry. A third orgasm was even better than two so I was feeling like this would not end up being my only opportunity to see her naked and fuck her. This orgasm appeared to be at least as long and pleasurable as the first two as well as flooding her pussy with even more lubrication. I figured it wouldn't be much longer after I started fucking her again that I'd be adding my own juices to hers.

When she finished cumming, but before I started fucking her again, she pulled away from me so that my cock slipped out of her. I was momentarily concerned that she was going to end up leaving me high and dry until she turned and dropped down in front of me. As I gazed down at her, she gripped the base of my cock and engulfed it in her mouth. It was my turn to moan as she started to expertly suck my cock while gently pumping the base. As self-centered as she typically came across, I wouldn't have expected her to not only be interested in sucking my cock but also be so skilled at cocksucking. It also didn't feel like she was trying to show me how good she was; I was getting a very strong impression that she was actually enjoying having my cock in her mouth. I certainly was enjoying having my cock in her mouth and could feel my orgasm continuing to build. I was looking forward to blowing a load in her mouth even more than I had to blowing a load deep in her pussy, although I had considered how much I'd enjoy blowing my load all over her face, too. In the end, though, I didn't want to jerk myself to an orgasm.

Her skills when it came to cocksucking also included being able to draw out the pleasure for longer than I expected to be able to last. Looking down at her blond hair surrounding her face as my cock disappeared into her mouth while she was kneeling there completely naked, I was unbelievable aroused, but somehow didn't blow my load within sixty seconds of my cock entering her hot, talented mouth. She wasn't denying me an orgasm by any means; I definitely appreciated the opportunity to enjoy her cocksucking for longer and probably wouldn't have minded if she'd kept it up even longer. Ultimately, though, she changed her technique from drawing out the pleasure to making me cum with the highest level of pleasure. I thought my head might actually explode, though it was more likely that I might have passed out from all of the blood in my body being in the general region of my cock. When I started blasting a load into her hot mouth, it was with a feeling of both pleasure and relief. She easily swallowed my load and nursed my cock until I was completely spent and beginning to soften, then let it fall from her mouth and stood.

"This was even better than I expected," she said with a big smile, "I was just hoping to feel a cock inside me. I definitely wasn't expecting more than one orgasm."

"As I said earlier," I replied, "I'm more than happy to help so don't hesitate to let me know if you want to do this again."

As it turned out, she wanted to do it again a lot; so much so that we figured out how we could fuck regularly at work and, if either of us had our place to ourselves with no risk of being interrupted by roommates, we took advantage of the opportunity to fuck each other in one of our beds. I still could not tolerate her very well when we weren't naked and getting off and she didn't think highly enough of me to ever tell her friends that we were fucking but we managed to make it work otherwise. I was actually a little disappointed when the project we were working on together wrapped up and she ended up moving away to work on a different project. She did leave me with a lot of good memories, though, as well as a ton of naked and semi-naked selfies which she'd often send me to entice me to stay involved with her. It hadn't been necessary but I appreciated it anyway.