 WORDS: 1700+

DIALOG: Uber Minimal, only in the afterglow

BUILD-UP: Minimal: Dives Right In

NARRATION: 3rd Person (She/Her He/Him They/Their/Them)

--

Lane Stayley's unique vocals charmed out a smooth melody in his rough tone, alongside the lead guitarist Jerry Cantrell who strummed out a mean rift, greeting her ears as Ruby strode through the front door. She kicked off her heels in front of the shoe rack, the music was muffled by a closed door and the sound of running water but it was loud enough to lift her brow and curl the corner of her lips in a slow smile. He had been driving her wild for some time now. Brushing past her in the kitchen, leaning over her at dinner, lounging in front of her on movie night, and with each little thing, Ruby found keeping her thoughts platonic evermore difficult.

He knew she enjoyed a nice shower when she got home from work, and now he was in it. The blonde haired vixen pulled the pins to let her hair cascade down her shoulders in golden waves before shrugging out of her suit jacket and letting it fall to the floor on her slow stroll across the foyer. Her pencil skirt was unzipped and dropped, stepping out of it with sleek thigh-high's and garter exposed beneath the tips of her crisp lavender blouse. She didn't even bother with the buttons, lifting it over her head she dropped it on the floor also. Those soft hands running along her wide hips, up the slight curve of her belly to her full breasts cupped in the nude lace of her doubleD. The fashion industry would call her plus sized, but to the randy Ruby, she was just "satisfying." Her head tilted back for a moment, pinching her nipple between her fingers. Yes, he would pay for his selfishness.

Reaching behind her, Ruby unhooked her bra and enjoyed the luxurious weight of her tits dropping free and bouncing just slightly as she let the lace sink to the floor on her path down the hall. Black satin panties were caressed across her hip and down between her thighs, feeling her moist heat beneath with a soft moan that made her knees weak and slapped her other palm to the wall in an effort to stop her from falling. Her chest heaved for a moment before she forced herself to move her hand away from that sodden center. Drawing her thumbs into the hemline she shimmied deliciously free of her puddled panties and let them drop to the floor to step out of them. Naked except for her garter and hose (not something to take off while walking,) she quietly pressed her ear to the bathroom door, her nipple raking across the cold surface and making her gasp softly. 

She could hear nothing over the water and the music and so she turned the knob carefully and quietly to slip inside the steamy room and close the door quietly behind her without being noticed. By now Alice in Chains had "No Excuses" and the plush petite minx had none either as her pale jade hues landed on her roommate's silhouette. Around six feet tall to her five-five, with his broad shoulders and narrow waist, not a body builder but a man who was fit and vital as noted by how his shoulders flexed as he leaned over slightly, left hand on the tile under the showerhead, the hot water rushing down his shoulder to cascade in front and behind him while his right remained vigorously occupied. 

A moments silence between songs saw Ruby holding her breath and listening to his subtle growl of pleasure and need. A whimper of excitement pushed past her lips, drowned in the amazing belt by Cutrell in the opening of "Whale and Wasp" that did little to hide his growing pleasure and frustrated filled groans and grunts with every fast and hard jerk he played to his engorged cock. She felt her loins pulse, tightening and then opening in plea, warm heat leaking down the inside of her thigh and across her fingers which suddenly found themselves at her soft pussy lips. Ruby rubbed across them as fast as he rubbed his cock for he was too intent to notice her there, perhaps trying to hurry since he heard her come home. 

She was unable to resist once he turned his back to her more completely, standing more upright and leaning back as if he felt close, closing his eyes and focusing on that pressure around his cock while his hand slid up and down it's meaty girth only as far as the head and first three fingers width down. The quiet slide of the ball-bearings on the curtain was drowned out by the music but he felt the cooler air only moments before she pressed her supple and ripe body into his back, reaching around him as he pushed on his cock toward the head so she could grip the base in her smaller, delicate hand. Her other hand planted securely to his chest, to hold him there.

She felt his cock twitch in her hand, hips bucking forward with a surprised and guttural pleasure filled sound escaping his lips, while he threw his head back. One hand on her quivering thigh, the other once more braced on the wall, he shuddered against her, lost in the ecstasy of her small hand so tightly gripped around his cock and her heavy breasts and panting breath hot against his back. He growled and tensed in her hand and she shifted off his back, stroking him hard as she came under his arm to squat (silken thighs splayed) in front of him.

The water sprayed mostly down his back, shielding her except for a hot mist as she pulled his cock toward her mouth and he bucked hard toward her parted lips as a gush of hot cum exploded across them and her face before being plunged between her ruby lips and down her throat along with his cock. Her hands slapped his thighs hard, nails digging in as he let his free hand grip into her hair and controlled a hard, fast, tight bob on his thick shaft. Her rapid swallowing constantly milking him of every hot jet of cum, but not all of it could be swallowed and filled her mouth, spilling from her lips while she watched him. He rammed it down her throat, making her gag until the last of his seed was pumped down her pretty little neck, something he had wanted to do for a long time.

Her cheeks were streaked with mascara as she looked up at him with eyes darkened with lust. Surprised when he pulled out of her mouth with his cock still hard, and grabbed her by the throat, lifting her up and pushing her against the wall as his other hand lifted from the tile to grab her hosed thigh soaked by the water, and lift it high to open her supple nether lips for him. She gasped and grinded her hips toward him, his raging cock sliding across her cunt like he hadn't just cum in her mouth, until he felt it catch in her tight hole, driving a sound of desperate plea from her lips. 

He rewarded her by claiming those lips, his fingertips bruising her thigh just under her knee and around her neck as he thrust hard into her. Her moan was drank by his lips and his fleshy sword sheathed tighter than a glove inside her, pushing against her pussy lips with his pelvis and heavy balls, to burry himself in her as deep as physically possible. His tongue demanded a dance with hers within her mouth, dominating her desire to feel him and taste him, their panted, hungry breaths taken and given between them with flaring nostrils and throaty sounds.

Her back arched and she cried out in his mouth with her tongue sliding eagerly against his, her hands dropping to his hips, encouraging him to fuck her harder. He ripped his lips from hers with a pant and leaned into her, looking into her pale green eyes, ramming up into her. He lifted her other foot off the shower floor and used his grip on her neck to hold her there while his hand on her thigh pulled her down onto him, with a roaring groan that amplified as those velvet folds suddenly tensed and pulsed in a series of rapid waves, sending a hot cleansing honey down her channel and over his stiff member. 

Her cry was so sweet to his ears, her hands, arms, legs and body clinging to him so desperately as he held her so roughly, thrusting into her with vengeful force, he found himself unable to stop the second load that erupted up into her with an explosive drive that rocked both of them, and caused him to lean more heavily on her. His hips bucked in short, deep thrusts that ground against her womb's gate until the last of his hot pleasure was nestled steaming inside her. His body shuddering in the intensity of his pleasure, a beautiful compliment to the way she trembled in her own bliss.

They both panted under the hot spray of the water, his cock gliding so easily he parted his lips and he let his hand drop from her thigh to grope across her ass, his middle finger dipping across that pert little hole that suddenly tensed. He chuckled as her pussy pulsed around his cock with that touch and her lips brushed his neck in a whisper that said "Don't even think about it;" Her teeth nipping his neck not too kindly. His grin was broad as he let go of her, sliding his twice spent cock out with a wet plop, finally softening, and looked at her sated and pleased with herself. She reached out and gripped his cock with a washcloth, rubbing him clean and hanging it up adding, "see? No harm done."

It was with a shake of his head that he offered, "shower's yours," raked his eyes across her one last time and casually stepped out, grabbing a towel and exiting the bathroom to see the trail of clothes she had left behind. Randy Ruby...he was right about that one.