 I got the name of this story from Arctic Cat, a snowmobile company. The events in this are real, but all the erotic stuff is made up. Hope you like it. 

I came up with the idea of taking my girlfriend of 2 years snowmobiling for the day. Her name was Liv, and we were both home on break from college. For Christmas, my dad bought a brand new sled, a 2013 Arctic Cat F5. It was jet black with bright green stripes, a very cool color combo. It was a family gift, but I've ridden it the most out of my family. We also traded in our old one, also an Arctic Cat, that was old and falling apart. We currently have 2. This new one was more for performance, while the other that we still have is more luxury oriented, with heated seats and side mirrors. Despite all those fancy luxury features, the new sled still handles much better and is much more comfortable to sit on. I'm a snowmobile junkie if you haven't guessed, cars as well. Let me wipe the drool from my mouth and continue the story. 

My mother always said I looked so sexy riding those beasts, all decked out in my snowmobiling gear and helmet, and had suggested multiple times that I should take a girl snowmobiling as a date, even before I got a girlfriend. I'd been dating Liv for over 2 years (our anniversary was in December, and it was currently January) but this was my first time taking her for a ride. She came over several times and I took her around my yard on it to see if she liked it, first with me driving and her holding on to me, then vice versa, then finally on her own. Being adventurous, she did, and was soon riding it like a pro (the sled, not my dick. She's already a pro at that lol). However, I wasn't sure if she was ready to take it out on the trails, with other riders. Snowmobiling is fun, but like driving, can be dangerous. There are all sorts of rules and different hand signals to learn; sleds don't have blinkers and it's too loud to talk over the engines. The trails I usually go to even have cops on sleds driving around! It's basically like driving a car there. The trails have speed limits, just like normal roads. The cops can even give sobriety tests if they have probable cause of a DUI. So she came over again one day and I gave her a crash course on the rules of the trails and all the hand signals. She was a quick learner, and got them all down fast. I decided she was competent enough to come with me for a day trip. 

So the following Saturday morning, we left for the trails. Early. Liv arrived at my house at about 6 in the morning. The trails were about 2 and a half hours away. The bitch about these types of journeys is trying to hook the trailer up to my dad's truck, a 2004 GMC Yukon. It must've taken me about 20 solid minutes, not to mention it was pitch black outside. My dad had taught me how to hook up the trailer already, but still, it was surprisingly tricky. And driving while towing it is a whole different matter altogether! After the trailer was finally locked in, I had to install towing mirrors on the truck. The blind spots towing this fucker were enormous! I was really wishing I'd done all this shit last night! 

We finally left at about 7. Liv brought her own boots and snow pants but was borrowing my sister's helmet, jacket, and gloves. Being adults, we didn't actually need to wear helmets, but we weren't stupid, so we did. I had to stop at the gas station and fill the truck and the 2 sleds, which cost about $100. Trying to open the trailer was a bitch. There's no door, the thing just opens vertically. It was fucking heavy! We grabbed breakfast for the road, and finally started the drive, excited for the day ahead and talking animatedly.

The place we were going to was notoriously nicknamed "Satan's Notch," usually just called "the Notch." This was because of the weather, which could change literally in the course of minutes, as I'd experienced firsthand before. Sure enough, it was sunny as I was driving into the Notch, but by the time I took the exit ramp off the highway 10 minutes later, it was foggy and snowing lightly. 

Liv shivered and looked out the window. "Damn. Is it always like this around here?"

"Pretty much," I replied, not looking at her, trying to focus on the road. Visibility was awful, about 10 feet. I tried turning on the fog lights, which improved it slightly. 

We pulled into a parking lot and parked about 20 minutes later. Parking with a trailer is a task in itself. Add fog and snow, and it's even harder. Back-in parking is required, so god help you if you can't back a trailer and a truck into a parking spot. With other trucks and trailers on both sides. This was the single hardest bit of driving I have ever done. I thought learning to drive stick was bad, but this was a nightmare. I was literally sweating, trying to maneuver accurately. It took me 3 or 4 tries, but I finally got it. The fucking thing kept jackknifing on me (that's when the trailer sticks out an angle from the vehicle towing it, usually forming an 'L' or 'V' shape). I finally got it straight and parked, sighing with relief. 

Liv looked genuinely impressed. "Wow. Nice job babe. I don't think I could do that!" 

I smiled, "I'm not gonna lie. That was a bitch!" I wiped the sweat off my face. "This next part is gonna suck too. We're gonna have to open the trailer and back the sleds off. Feeling strong?"

She shrugged. "More or less." She opened the door and swore. "Fuck, it's cold!" And it damn well was. The thermometer said it was negative temperatures. 

She had to hold the trailer open while I backed the sleds off. If she didn't, the whole roof would come crashing down, hitting me on the head. Ouch! Luckily, we managed.

I started the sleds to warm up the engines and smiled. "Now this is the fun part. Sort of. For me anyway." 

"What is it?" 

"We have to put on all our gear. It's a pain in the ass for both of us, but I get to see you take some of your clothes off." I grinned.

She sighed and smiled, and muttered, "Fuckin' horn dog." 

Trying to get into all the gear while sitting down inside a vehicle is bad enough, but with 2 people, it was even more cramped. On the plus side, Liv needed help, so I got to assist in redressing her in several layers. Snowmobiling is fucking miserable if you're freezing your ass off the whole time! She had on her normal clothes, a long-sleeved shirt and jeans. Then on top of that, she had on a sweatshirt. Still on top of that, she had on snow pants and a thick Arctic Cat jacket, plus gloves. Then on her face, she was wearing a ski mask underneath a thick, heated helmet. I looked exactly the same. We sounded like a walking junkyard, but at least we were warm. 

I let Liv have the new sled. It might have been nicer and had a better ride quality, but the older one was more powerful, despite being luxury-equipped. She wasn't experienced enough to handle this one. 

Anyway, we finally set off at about 10:30 that morning. The trails were perfect, smooth and dead straight. I got the sled up to about 65, 20 mph over the speed limit, with Liv not far behind. The only problem was potentially getting lost. The trails are well marked, but there are literally hundreds of miles of them, some even going into Canada. 

My mom was right. Liv looked really hot riding the sled. Especially with white powder kicking up around her and the snow coming down. I presumed I must've looked pretty attractive too. Anyway, we cruised around, encountering many other riders. I was impressed, Liv never forgot any of the hand signals. She was a natural, indicating how many people were behind her or if she was the last one. She did make mistakes though, particularly taking her hand off the handlebar to signal when it was unsafe, nearly losing control of the sled. If you can't steer safely with one hand, even if you need to indicate to other riders, you should always keep your hand on the handlebar. They'll figure it out, they can count. That's the number one cause of accidents on snowmobiles, apart from riding drunk. I stopped, motioning for her to do so, and told her that. She apologized, and never did it again. 

We rode for several hours straight, covering about 100 miles. It gets dark early around there, so we got some night riding in. We even took a break to watch the sun set behind the mountains. Very romantic. 

By this point we were both starving, having skipped lunch. So we rode about 25 miles back to civilization, arriving at a restaurant about 5 miles from where I parked the truck. You know it's remote when they have parking spots for snowmobiles. This restaurant is famous for their burgers, which we both got. We walked in and sat down, still in full sled gear, removing our helmets, ski masks, and gloves. We both had helmet hair, which is a pain in the ass to fix.

Neither of us had spoken much. We couldn't, over the roar of the engines. I finally said to Liv over our food, "So what do you think?"

She was very enthusiastic. "It's great! But my thumb's killing me! Is that normal?"

Snowmobiling uses hand muscles that I didn't even know existed at first. "Yeah. Mine was on fire too when I first started. But after a while, you get used to it."

She smiled. "That's a relief. I hope to get over it soon. When can we go again?" 

I smiled. "You like it that much?"

"Yes! It's so easy to lose yourself riding one of those and forget all your troubles. That's why I like it." 

I hadn't really thought about it like that, but come to think of it, she was right. "Sure, we can go again. Anytime. Text me when you're free and I'll make sure to hook the trailer up well in advance next time." 

She laughed. "Will do. I don't know how you did that in pitch darkness." 

The bill came. I grabbed it before Liv could. As I was writing in the amounts, I replied, "It wasn't easy, believe me." We stood up, putting on our gloves. 

Outside, it was really cold, and snowing again. Nights around here get fucking freezing. I had just started the sleds and was waiting for them to warm up. I was looking around at the scenery and talking to Liv, when she suddenly stood on tiptoe and put her lips to mine, breaking off my sentence. She finally pulled away with a smile. "Thank you for a great day."

I smiled. "My pleasure. We're almost done. Five miles to go!" 

"Wanna race? Back to the trailer?"

"You won't get lost?"

She smiled. "I'll try."

"You're on. I'm gonna kick your ass." 

She smiled and put her helmet on. "You'll have to catch it first." With that, I put my helmet on too and sat down on the sled. Then I remembered she had the high performance one. Shit! I could potentially lose. If I lost to a girl, a girl on the trails for the first time nonetheless, I would probably go kill myself! I turned to her, saluting her. With that, I revved the engine and quickly took the e-brake off, launching from the starting point with no warning, doing a wheelie. She did the same, catching up fast. I could never look at her again if she beat me! Lucky for me, I knew the trails better than her. There were plenty of shortcuts which I hadn't shown her. I took advantage of one soon after, turning off the main trail and waving triumphantly as she continued down the other trail. I won the race, arriving a good 5 minutes before her. 

I was waiting for her with a triumphant grin when she finally arrived at the trailer. Damn, she was annoyed. She stood up and took the helmet off, her hair all static and her hazel eyes filled with annoyance. "Matt, you jackass! You didn't tell me there were shortcuts!"

I laughed. "You didn't ask, babe. You should've thought of that. You couldn't beat me anyway. I know the trails better than you." 

She smiled. "I can't stay mad at you. Come here and kiss me. You owe me for losing to you." I obliged. I finally stopped and she asked, "My thumb is killing me. Could I ride on the back with you?" 

"Of course. Anything for you, Livvi. You'll have to help me load the other sled onto the trailer first though." 

This was a bitch. She had to stand on the end of the trailer, making it touch the ground so I could get the sled on. As well as hold the roof up again so it wouldn't fall on me. I finally got it and we jumped on the other sled, the new one. Liv lifted the helmet visor and said, "You look so hot riding a snowmobile."

"Thanks. You did too." With that, I tore off into the night, with her hanging on for her life. It felt nice having her arms wrapped in a death grip around my torso as we sped through the forest. It was a nice night, despite being cold. We rode for another hour. I was enjoying sharing a sled, perhaps more than when she rode her own. I was making her gasp and hold on even tighter, drifting around corners and slamming on the throttle, gunning it down straight stretches of trail. We finally came into view of the trailer again, a straight stretch about 200 yards long. I wanted to surprise Liv one more time. I gunned the throttle, hitting about 75 mph, well over the speed limit. On top of that, when we were about 20 yards away from the trailer, I yanked the handle bars hard to the left and slammed the e-brake on, drifting sideways and stopping about 10 feet from the trailer. Basically a handbrake turn but on a sled. She really held on for that, tensing up and pressing her body against mine. I stopped the sled and took my helmet off, turning to her with a grin. 

She looked torn between being terrified and impressed. "Holy shit. I thought you were gonna kill us! You're like a different person driving a snowmobile! Wow. Guitar and driving a flashy car are cool enough, but pulling insane stunts on a sled just made you top my list!" she took her helmet off. Her face was pink from the cold and her helmet hair was even worse. Her breath was visible as she added, "Matt, you're my hero," making it intentionally sound sappy. 

I replied simply, "I love you," and kissed her. Her lips were dry but I didn't care. She returned the kiss, and soon it was a full-fledged make out session, still sitting on the sled. We were getting cold so we finally came up for air. 

We put the sled back on the trailer and jumped in the truck to warm up. Most of the other trucks and trailers had gone by now. I started the engine and the heat came on, much to our relief. 

After several minutes, feeling returned to our bodies, and we started taking off all our gear. Liv was struggling and finally said with a wink, "Hey, can you give me a hand with this?" 

I was only too happy to help. However, I was surprised when I took her jacket off and she said, "More. I'm sweating under all these clothes." So I took off her sweatshirt. She said again, "More." Off came her shirt this time. She winked and said, "One more time." She was naked from the waist up now. She took my hands and put them on her boobs, and leaned in and kissed me. I squeezed and fondled them, making her inhale sharply and moan. She whispered, "Now get started on my legs. I'm sweating down there too." So I did, removing her boots, snow pants, jeans, and finally her thong.

We had limited room in the back seat, so I knelt down as best I could and slowly, painfully slowly, licked her slit. She moaned and grabbed my head. I took that as an invitation and dug in, licking and tonguing her pussy like my life depended on it. She was dripping wet now, and really moaning. She finally came about 20 seconds later. 

It took her a minute to regain composure, but she spoke, "My turn. Sit." I was still fully clothed, so she took off all my stuff slowly, dragging it out and kissing me forcefully. Before long, I was naked too. She bent down and slowly ran her tongue up my dick, making me shudder and close my eyes. Eyes still closed, I felt her mouth engulfing me. Pure bliss is all I can say. Even more when she started sucking gently and humming. It drove me wild! I was on the verge of cumming when she stopped. She kissed me and pushed me so I was lying down across the seat. She proceeded to sit on my face and resume the blowjob. The fabled 69! I'd never done it before, but was soon loving it. We both came after 2 or 3 minutes of this. I sat up, groaning from a random aftershock. Liv then slowly impaled herself on my cock, facing me, and slowly started riding me, moaning already and gritting her teeth. I was getting a nice view of her gorgeous body, despite it being dark inside the truck. 

We switched positions a few minutes later, now I was doing her doggy style. Like I said, space was limited, so I had to bend over slightly to avoid hitting my head with every thrust. I started slow and gentle, but she kept getting louder, so it escalated into violently railing her, before finally blasting inside her, making her cum too. We collapsed across the back seat, our bodies tangled, exhausted and covered in sweat despite the cold outside. 

Liv quickly kissed me and pulled away, panting. "Man, is it hot in here or is it just us?"

I laughed. "No, gorgeous, it's just you." 

She groaned. "These cheesy one liners, they get worse and worse!" 

We dressed, just in regular clothes this time, and left all the sled gear on the back seat. The truck was still running this whole time. We started the drive home. It was still snowing, and fucking foggy coming up to the highway, just like when we were arriving. Liv was chatting at first but eventually fell asleep. Riding around on a sled all day is surprisingly tiring. 

We finally arrived back at my house about 2 hours later, at about 9. My parents were apparently out, seeing as there was just my car in the driveway. I had to back in to the driveway in order to unhook the trailer. Reverse parking with a trailer is bad enough in a parking lot, but in a driveway, it's a nightmare. I had to watch out for the mailbox, trees, cars, and people. Not to mention avoiding driving on the grass and keeping the trailer from jackknifing. Liv was awake by this point and again, was impressed with my driving. It literally took me 5 whole minutes to park. Normally, I can back into my driveway in about 5 seconds, but I normally drive a small sporty car, not a truck with a big-ass trailer. 

We brought all the stuff in and just crashed on my couch. Normally, we'd have probably had sex, seeing as we were home alone, but we were both wiped. 

I turned to Liv and asked, "Are you gonna leave? You look tired." 

She replied, "I normally would, but I think I'll fall asleep behind the wheel. Could I crash here tonight?" 

"Of course. You can have my bed. I'll sleep on the floor." 

"Aww, putting my comfort before yours. That's sweet of you. Thanks Matt. You're a good boyfriend." 

"I do my best," I replied, standing up. "You hungry or thirsty or anything?" 

"Got any beer?" 

"Yeah. Downstairs." I was only 18, but my parents let me drink at the house, as did Liv's. "Hold on a second. I'll grab you one," I leaned in and kissed her, walking away. I went down to the basement and grabbed beers for both of us. I was debating if I should bang her while I had the chance. Beer always got her horny, so that would definitely help. The problem was, I didn't want my parents walking in on me busting a nut all over her face. Talk about awkward! 

I went back upstairs and gave her the beer. "Thanks," she said, cracking it open. 

Like I said, her already high sex drive only increases with alcohol. She hadn't even finished her second beer but was already all over me, kissing me sloppily and groping my cock through my jeans. I finally decided to go for it. I was willing to risk my parents coming home. 

I took her hand and led her to my room in the basement. It's nice living down there during the winter; it's the warmest room in the house. Liv noticed and said mischievously, "It's only gonna get hotter in here, if you know what I mean." 

With that, she drained the rest of the beer and quickly pulled her shirt and jeans off. She came over and ripped my shirt off too and kissed me. She pushed me down onto my bed and got on top of me, still kissing me heavily. Her hands roamed all over my body and eventually settled on my cock, fondling it through my jeans. I groaned and quickly took my jeans off. We started kissing madly again, which led to me eventually unhooking her bra and orally attacking her boobs. She squirmed and shuddered, really turning me on. The alcohol only helped. I stopped and took off her thong, sticking a finger in her and vigorously started thrusting. She moaned in response and leaned in and took my boxers off. 
