 Having had a fair dry spell in the sexual satisfaction department, I decided to post online.

But I didn't want the usual dick pic in the bathroom shots that the majority post. Those are a dime a dozen.

I summoned all my photographic knowledge and managed a few very nice, artistic, black and white shots, with morning sun coming in through the blinds. Full morning erection glory.

Got the usual replies from gay/bi males. Apparently the assumption is that I somehow am going to change my desires, because I must be desperate anyway for posting online.

At some point I got a compliment from a real woman. So I replied.

Nothing sexual in my response. Just some comments about the overall state of lousy photographic techniques online. And my desire to work with the correct lighting techniques, to attain a much nicer result.

And so the conversational ball got rolling. Turns out she was living about 2 hours away at the time. But she would be traveling to the area for an upcoming family event.

We set a plan to meet up. She sent me one photo of her. Blonde shoulder length hair, very pretty, heavier set, maybe 180lbs but still in my "yes" zone. I think she was about 38 at the time. I was about 45.

I've always been fairly slender. Never weighing more than about 150 pounds at most. So it was not unusual for women to generally be heavier than me. I think many of them have trouble with that, and always seem to seek out taller and heavier men.

Thankfully Diane was not one of them.

She was intelligent, and educated and seemed sincere about meeting. I kept in touch via email for about two weeks prior to her trip.

The weekend came and she was about to head my way. Pretty much a straight two hour ride west down the highway. We exchanged cell numbers in case she was delayed because of a flat tire or traffic issues.

I had booked a room at a decent hotel in my area. She was due to arrive around 1pm.

I always remember to check the hotel cancellation policy, to make sure I'm not on the hook, if I have to cancel the day I am supposed to arrive.

After some texts that morning, all seemed good to go for the meet up. I checked in to the room about noon. Nice room. Modern. Two beds. Top floor.

We initially decided to meet up at a restaurant for a bit to eat.

I got online and made sure the internet was working. I pulled up the map program and checked the nearby eateries. 

I texted Diane, "Do you have a preference on food?"

She replied, "No. I'm not too fussy."

I said, "Ok, well there is plenty to choose from right nearby. So we can decide when you get here."

"That's fine." She said. "I'm about 40 minutes away."

I had already showered, shaved etc, before I left the house. I turned on the a/c to get some fresh air circulating in the hotel room.

I wandered downstairs for a bit, checking out the hotel. I had not been to this particular brand before. Nice breakfast, social area. There was not much activity, since it was early afternoon.

So I went back to the room. Stretching out on the bed, I decided to look at some amateur porn. I must be an audible person. Watching it with no sound doesn't do much for me. But when I hear a woman enjoying herself, boner city.

I checked the time. Diane should arrive in about 20 minutes. 

I decided to sext her. "Do you shave or have a bush?

She replied, "Nicely trimmed, blonde bush."

"Blonde?" I said

"Yep." She replied.

"Sweet. I can't wait to feel my tongue gliding over those pussy lips. My cock is getting

hard at the thought. I love to lick pussy."

"Nice. Send me a pic." She said.

I took a pic of my erect cock in front of a hotel brochure and sent it.

"Rooms fully equipped for the traveler." I said.

"Fuck, your full on hard!" She said.

"Indeed." I said. "Looking forward to watching you suck it."

"I want that in my mouth soon." She answered. "I'm going to be there in 10 minutes." 

"Ok. I'm going to sit here and stroke it for a bit. Then I will come meet you in the lobby." I said.

I laid on the bed and stroked slowly, glancing at woman getting it deep on a couch on my laptop.

Diane texts me, "I parked. I'm coming up to the room. What is the number?"

"504" I reply. "Top floor. Elevators are to the right as you walk in."

"I want to taste those delicious looking tits of yours. Nipples in my mouth."

I get the bed straightened up. Put my laptop on the other bed, with the porn still playing. I wash my hands and hear a knock on the door.

Looking through the peep, I see a blonde. I open the door and she is wearing a long overcoat.

"Hi there." I say, smiling. "Come on in."

She smiles and walks in. She glances around the room. 

"Nice room. She says as she walks to the bathroom. "I'll be out in a few minutes."

I said, "I'm going to head down one floor and grab some ice. I'll be back shortly."

I grab the ice bucket and take my time walking down one floor. I find the ice machine and load up the bucket and walk back upstairs.

Opening the door to the room, I see Diane fixing her hair in the mirror on the dresser. She is still wearing her overcoat.

I put the ice bucket down. 

Walking over to her, I hold out my arms to hug her. She does the same. I kiss her lightly on the lips. My erection is still slightly visible pressing against my slacks.

"Hi. Nice to see you again." I say. "So what do you have a taste for? There are a bunch of casual places near the hotel."

With that, she undoes her overcoat belt, and lets it drop to the floor. Standing before me is a gorgeous woman in sheer lace black panties and bra.

She says, "How about your cock, in me?"

"Hell yes!" I say enthusiastically.

I walk to her and immediately put my hands on her D cups. So nice. I feel her nipples through the sheer material. I pull her to me and kiss her. Our tongues waste no time introducing each other.

She gets on the bed and lays down. 

I pop by button on my slacks and unzip. They drop to the floor. My erection now is pressing a very nice outline on my tight black shorts.

I climb on top of her, kissing her passionately.

"This is all part of our new hotel welcome service here." I say, as I kiss her chest with her bra covered breasts in my hands.

"Mmm, I'm liking it so far." She says, reaching down to feel my hard on through my shorts.

She is large but solid. Not flabby fat. Nice.

"Did my sexting distract you from dinner plans?" I inquired.

"Yes, it did." She replied.

I kissed her again and pulled her bra straps off her shoulders. Her tits now filling each of my small hands, I suck on her large nipples. Not super pointy, but big diameter.

My cock is now in her hand. She reached into my shorts to stroke it. My pre-cum getting her hand wet.

"Let me suck that thing." She demanded.

I moved to kneel by her and she pushed me flat on the bed. Her mouth was deep down on my shaft quickly.

She pulled off, "Fuck that's a nice cock." She said, as she lowered her mouth on it again.

I reached under her to feel those sexy tits in my hands. So nice. 

She moaned with my shaft in her mouth, tickling my balls with her nails.

To say that it felt good would be a massive understatement. Watching her blonde hair fall down on me. I reached, and moved her hair so I could watch her suck me. Her lips wrapped firmly around my shaft and pleasuring every bit of it. 

I pulled her up to me. She sat on top of my cock. It was pressing against her panties. Undoing her bra, she grabbed her tits and pushed them together and leaned over, and fed each on to me. My hands reached back and grabbed her ass. And what an amazingly firm ass it was. Solid.

"That's what years of ballet lessons do to a girls ass." She said smiling.

"I'm not complaining." I said, sucking her breast deep in my mouth. Her perfume filled my senses. My cock was dripping.

She was rubbing my cock against her panties. Oh it felt good.

I pulled her down to me and kissed her deep. Then I pushed her over and pulled her panties off. I laid down, facing that sexy blonde bush. My tongue was so ready to taste her pussy. I wanted to trace every little angle.

I moved forward and let my tongue lick the entire length of her lips. She squeezed her tits as my tongue explored her wet skin. I sucked her lips into my mouth, tasting her juice. So good. 

My cock was throbbing with anticipation as the tip of my tongue found her clit. My lips zeroed in on it and sucked it while my tongue flicked it. Diane was in ecstasy. Moaning like crazy.

"Oh that feels so good." She said multiple times, as I focused on her pleasure.

I inserted a few fingers into her, while I teased her clit. Her moaning grew louder as I added pressure against her clit. My tongue circling it.

She started to hold her breath and tense. I sucked her button and really worked it good with my tongue and after about ten seconds she she started cumming.

"Holy fuck!" She said as she tensed and thighs clamped on my head. 

My tongue stayed on target and she rolled and shook into another orgasm. I let up on her, licking up her juice and kissing her thighs and bush. My very first true blonde. I have to say, I definitely like blonde pubic hair.

I got up, and slipped a condom on my rigid shaft.

I was on my knees to her right as I looked at her. Her hand was on my condom covered cock. I moved my left hand to her pussy. 

She said, "I want you to shoot it all over my tits."

My middle finger slid inside her, and my thumb remained out, rubbing her clit. The combo, as I called it. G spot massage and clit massage. Few women can hold out long when the left hand gets called into action. Diane was no exception.

My middle finger pressed upwards and my thumb worked her clit. Together the combo was like winning the orgasm lotto. She started to curl up, like wanting to do a sit up. And then back down, reaching to grab the sheets.

"Ohhhh...ohhh...holy mother fuck...fucking...f...f...fucking hell." She gasped. Her hands grabbing whatever bed fabric was near.

She took a deep breath and held it, tensing, neck veins popping. My thumb pressing her clit in hard massage motion and my middle finger stroking her g-spot.

A short breath out, and she shook from head to toe, and let out the most intense body writhing motion, as she came intensely.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh fuuuuuuuuuuuckkkkk." She yelled.

I kept working her pussy, and moved over. Then I took my hand out and slid my cock in, pushed her legs back and pounded her deep. My balls tight against her ass. Every inch of my cock thrusting deep in her pulsing pussy.

She kept saying "Fuck me. Fuck Me!"

I used a two second thrust timing, driving deep in her blonde box each time. She was still having orgasms. Her pussy contracting around me.

My balls tightened up and my load was ready to release.

I pulled out and quickly slid the condom off, moved up to her tits and stroked my hot jizz all over her tits and face. She was drenched in my cum, as she massaged my juice over her tits and licked it off her hand. 

She took my cock and sucked the last drops from it, pulling my balls with her hand.

I let out a deep sigh as I laid down next to her. We just rested for a while.

"That was fucking hot as hell." She said.

"Yes, it was indeed. I guess blondes do like it hot." I said.

I glanced over at the clock. 

"So are you hungry for some food now?" I asked. We can just figure on having dessert back here later.

She said, "Yes, that sounds like an excellent idea. Let me take a quick shower."

And so I laid in bed, drained, as the sound of the shower filled the room. After she was done, I hopped in and got washed. 

We both dressed and got ready to go eat.

"Not bad for a random internet date eh." I said.

Diane smiled and said, "It's off to a very good start."

We walked down the hall of the hotel to the elevator. Waiting for it to come up, I stepped in front of her and kissed her.

Ding. The elevator has arrived.

We walked through the lobby and went to my car. Deciding on a small local restaurant down the road about 3 miles.

It wasn't too busy. We sat down and ordered.

As we talked, I found out she was in the media field. She worked at a radio station for a long time and now was doing some news reporting in the field.

She had lived in the area a long time. As of yet, had not married. No kids. I got the feeling she was kind of in an exploration phase of her sexuality.

We continued talking about various things. It was a nice relaxing few hours.

She had some family event to go to the following day. Originally planning on arriving at her relatives later that day.

I said, "Well you are welcome to spend the night with me at the hotel here and leave in the morning if you want."

"I may just take you up on that." She replied.

We left the restaurant and drove her around the local area a bit. She wanted to stop at the one craft store for something. So we went in and I wandered around, while she searched for some items.

Afterwards, we headed back to the hotel. 

I went into the bath and stripped down. Put on my nice striped robe. Nothing on underneath.

I had some wine and crackers I brought. I opened the bottle and poured us each a glass into fancy plastic hotel cups. 

Diane used the bath, while I flipped through cable channels on the remote. There was a movie on in a bit. One I actually had not seen. Some vampire based movie.

She came out of the bath, and was wearing an off white silk robe. Very nice.

We chatted and sipped wine. Once in a while I would catch a glimpse of her breast inside the robe.

The movie came on and we snuggle next to each other with pillows. It actually was pretty good. I think it was the first time ever I watched a full movie at a hotel.

As the credits started to roll, her hand slid up my leg, inside my robe and found my cock. Her head was resting on my chest. She felt my balls, and my shaft started to thicken and enlarge.

I switched to the music channel, as she moved lower and took my semi rigid cock in her mouth. Her attention had it fully hard in no time.

She got off the bed and went over to the round table in the corner. She moved the chair out.

"Come sit over here." She said.

I got up and sat in the chair with my robe still on but hanging open.

"Dessert is now being served." She said, as she carefully sat on the table and laid back. Her feet on my chair.

I moved my chair closer and pulled her to the edge.

My tongue went to her pussy and slowly teased her. I alternated kissing her thighs and teasing her kitty.

She was getting very turned on.

Standing up, I took my cock and rubbed it across her lips. From the head to the base, stroking her lips and clit with my entire shaft.

She reached down and pushed my cock down to her sweet spot. I slid it in. Bare. Stroking her very slowly, I reached up to massage her tits.

After a bit I sat back down and continued my oral attention on her sweet box. My finger slid in and slowly rubbed her g-spot again. Her legs on my back, my tongue delighted in teasing her clit.

"Oh yes, that's it. Eat that pussy good." She breathed.

I concentrated on her clit, and knew she was going to cum. My cock was straight up. I could feel her contract around my finger as I sucked her love button.

"Oh that's it...right...ohhhh" She gasped.

She came hard. I put both hands on her thighs and buried my face in her pussy, lapping at it like a thirsty dog.

I got up. Helped her off the table. She kissed me hard. Tasting her pussy and grabbing my cock.

She got on the bed, on her hands and knees. Her pussy waiting for my cock. I dropped my robe. 

Positioning myself, I slid my bare cock in and grabbed her hips. Fucking her slowly. 

I reached forward to her shoulders. Pulling her into me.

"Oh that's so fucking good. Fuck my pussy." She demanded.

Grabbing her hips again, I began fucking that oh so tight blonde box harder.

"Grab my hair." She said. "Pull it!"

With my left hand in her hair pulling, my right hand smacked her ass.

"Oh fuck. Smack it good. Fuck me hard!"

My cock was slam fucking her good. Buried in tight pussy bliss.

"Pull my hair harder!" She said.

"Uhhhh...uhhh...oh yea...oh fuck...fuck me!"

"I'm going to cum!" I said.

"Shoot me full...give it to me!" She snarled.

As she rolled into another orgasm, my cock shot it's load into her. Her pussy milked my shaft

for all it was worth. I held her hips, my cock twitching deep in her, draining my shaft.

She fell to the bed and me on top of her. Both of us breathing hard.

"So fucking good." She moaned.

We laid there spent for a good twenty minutes. Almost falling asleep.

I got up and showered and brushed my teeth. Flossed. I put on my normal pajama bottoms and a t-shirt.

When I came out, she was still in the same spot. I walked over to the edge of the bed and bent over and kissed her back three times. She was drifting almost to sleep. 

I whispered to her, "The bath is all yours."

She got up slowly and went to the bath. I got the bed straightened up and climbed in and turned out the light. I laid my head on the pillow and sighed and smiled.

A bit later, Diane was done washing up. She got in bed. I got back up to put the 'Do Not Disturb" sign on the outside of the door.

I climbed back into bed and kissed her gently. 

"What time do you want to get up?" I said.

She sighed and said, "I set my alarm for 7."

I kissed her cheek.

"You know I'm going to fuck you again in the morning." I stated.

"Mmmm, I certainly hope so." She said.

I smiled. And with that we snuggled for a while. I gently played with her tits. Lightly tracing circles around them with my fingers.

"That feels really good." She said.

Eventually we fell sound asleep to the sound of the room a/c unit. Having the top floor was nice. Nobody stomping around late at night above you.

I woke up about 6am. Slept good. And my cock was ready for action again. I got up to use the bath.

Brushing my teeth and rinsing with mouthwash. My cock went down enough so I could pee. 

I climbed back into bed and drifted off a bit again. I felt the bed move and woke. Diane was climbing back in. We both kind of fell slightly asleep again. 

A door slammed in the hall waking me again. She was asleep still. 

I reached down and stroked my cock lightly. It took a few minutes for it to wake. I reached down and slipped my pj's off.

Rolling over to Diane, she was on her back, she moved a bit. I moved my right hand down to her pussy. I let my finger gently glide over her folds. After a few minutes she woke a bit more. Her pussy was getting slippery. I circled her clit with my index finger. Then I used it to pull upwards in a slow pulsating movement. 

Her breathing quickened. My cock was rock hard again in her right hand now. She quivered as I slowly brought her over the edge. 

I moved quickly under the sheets on top, slid my shaft into her. I moved her legs in front of my arms and drove my cock deep. Steady deep stroking. I kissed her lightly and then tensed and let my cum fill her again, draining my balls. She wrapped her arms around me, holding me as my hot cream filled her pussy.

Still sleepy and tired, I said, "Good morning."

Her eyes barely open, she said, "Yes, it is."

Her alarm went off after a short while. And so she got up and washed. Dressed. I laid in bed relaxed and happy.

She came over to me and sat on the bed by me.

"I am going to get going now." She said.

"Mmm...yes. Well enjoy your day," I said. "I'm glad you wrote me and we got a chance to meet. Maybe we can do it again another day."

"Yes, maybe." she said. "I had a very nice time. Thank you."

And she bent down and kissed my cheek, and off she went.

I laid there thinking for a while. Then hearing enough activity in the hall, dragged myself out of bed and into the shower again.
