 "Are you busy?" Her voice sounded friendly and natural on the phone. "Can you come over?"

"Sure," I replied. "Is there a problem?"

"No, I'd just like to show you something."

When I got there, I knocked on the door and heard her voice say "Come in, the door's open."

I opened the door and stepped inside. She was standing in the middle of the room, wearing a mid-calf length dress with a V-neck and buttons down the full length of the front, I started to move towards her, but she motioned me to stop. Then, without taking her eyes off mine, she slowly and sensually unbuttoned the dress, one button at a time, finally allowing the dress to fall in a pile at her feet. Beneath the dress she was naked, except for a white lace garter-belt and white stockings. Her nipples were pink and hardening with the action that was taking place. Her pussy, with its covering of soft, downy, blonde hair, seemed to be beckoning me to run my fingers, no, my lips across it.

We stood there face to face, a few feet apart, the charge of the situation building as the moments passed. I looked at her face and into her eyes, which now had a wicked, sensuous gleam in them, and at her lips, which were moist and pouting with that seductive look that was so intoxicating. In no time I could feel the stirring in my loins as my erection grew to a point where I felt like I would literally explode!

I slowly walked over to where she was standing and softly caressed her shoulders with my hands, allowing them to slowly trace a path down to her hands and to her very fingertips. She took my hand and led me to the bedroom where she lay back on the bed covers. Kicking off my shoes, but otherwise still clothed, I lay down beside her, taking her in my arms.

I started by softly kissing all over her face. Soft, wet, nibbling little kisses, with occasional little licks. I traced my tongue around the edges of both her ears. Her eyes were closed and her breathing had become much faster. I kissed her eyelids gently and kissed down both sides of her nose. I stopped and ran my tongue very softly around her lips. Her lips parted and our tongues entwined in an erotic dance. Moving down, I ran my tongue gently along her jaw-line and covered her neck with soft little kisses.

Licking slowly and softly, I moved to her breasts...

Her nipples were harder than ever. Alternating, I started licking her breasts all around the base. As I moved towards her nipples, I could feel her heart beating much faster and little sighs escaping from her lips. As I took her left nipple in my mouth and begin gently sucking and nibbling it, I heard a sharp intake of breath and a loud moan. I continue sucking her nipple, feeling it swell even more between my lips. Increasing the suction more, I massage her nipple with my tongue and then took it between my teeth gently rolling it back and forth. She let out an even louder moan as her hands clutched the bedspread.

Stopping for a moment, I raised my head and asked, "Does this feel good to you?" She vigorously nodded her head. Leaning over, I moved to her right nipple and lavished it with the same loving treatment. She now let out little mews every time I licked her nipple or gently rolled it between my teeth. After a few minutes I continued my journey down. Both nipples were standing upright, high and round, and a flush was spreading around her upper shoulders and breasts. I moved down giving her more generous licks and wetter kisses. Tracing my tongue along the edge of her ribcage, I saw her suck in her stomach with a sharp breath and a loud moan. Moving back and forth between her right and left side, I moved down to her pelvic region and stopped just a few inches above her pubic mound.

Slowly moving her legs apart and up, I positioned myself between them and started giving the backs of her knees wet kisses and licks. That produced some big sighs and deep breathing. Placing her feet back on the bed so both her knees were up and her legs apart, I started licking my way down the inside of her thighs. Her lower lips were full and puffy and I softly licked all the way around them without actually touching them. Encouraged by her responses, I give her pussy a big, slow, wet lick starting at the bottom and working up to her clitoris, which was, by now, hard and very sensitive. As I did this she moaned loudly, pushing herself against my tongue.

Using my tongue, I spread her lips, licking back and forth. I took each lip into my mouth and sucked on it. Shuddering and moaning some more, she once again pushed herself against my tongue. Exploring all the folds of her labia, I smelled her sensual musky odor. Looking up I could see her stomach muscles contracting with her rapid breathing. Probing with my tongue, I tasted her sweet juices and took her clitoris gently between my teeth, causing her to suddenly arch her back, and fall back to the bed, with a loud "Ohhhhh".

I looked up. Her chest was flushed, her nipples were standing proud, her breathing was very fast; her hands were clenching and unclenching the bedspread. I returned to my task, slowly sliding my tongue as deep as I could between her lips and into her juicy pussy. I used my tongue, rapidly sliding back and forth, massaging the inside of her delightful and welcoming passage. Her movements were becoming erratic as she neared her orgasm. I continued my tongue movements, concentrating on the little bud that was her clitoris. All of a sudden, she arched her back, shoved herself against my tongue, and clamped my head between her thighs as her orgasm hit...

After her orgasm, we lay in each other's arms. I held her tightly, feeling her heart beating strongly and the heat of her body penetrating my clothing. Slowly, she unbuttoned my shirt as far as she could. Then her fingers unbuckled my belt, undid the waistband of my slacks and lowered my zip. Sensually, she lowered my slacks and briefs and pulled them off, along with my socks. As she pushed back my shirt, she kissed me softly and gently on each shoulder and allowed the shirt to fall in a pile on the bed.

I was getting that unmistakable feeling in my groin. A hand was rubbing, massaging, my erection. Thanks to her, I was very hard, and there was her strong, but gentle, hand on my penis. I looked into her eyes and she smiled an erotic, sensual smile.

I lay back, closing my eyes, and felt her lips on my forehead. I felt the warmth of her breath and her lips all over my face. Her tongue on the edge of my ears and my lips had me tingling. Feeling her tongue on my lips, I took it in, and our lips entwined once again. Her kisses on my neck were exquisite. She moved lower. She ran her tongue softly around my right nipple and then gently sucked it, which caused my toes to curl. After a few moments she moved to the left, which resulted in a small moan escaping from between my clenched teeth. As she continued down, I saw her beautiful eyes looking up at me and a big smile on her face.

Now, she traced her tongue along the edge of my ribcage, then moved down to my stomach and gave me big wet kisses as she worked her way down to my groin. Moving so she was positioned between my legs, she licked along the inside of my thighs. My breath was definitely getting faster! She gave my rock-hard shaft a big, wet lick, starting at the base and working up to the head. Sucking in a sharp breath, I let out a moan.

I heard a soft "How am I doing?"

"You are awesome," I replied, almost breathlessly.

She licked me again, this time licking my testicles, which she then gently sucked into her mouth.

Doing this sent me into another realm! "Oh! My God!" I uttered.

"Did I do something wrong?" She said, looking concerned.

"No, you did something very right!"

She resumed sucking and licking my testicles. My heart was beating so hard and fast and my erection was throbbing. She once more licked up to the head of my penis and took my erection in her mouth as far as she could. Slowly bobbing her head up and down, I felt her tongue on the underside of my shaft, and her warm breasts pressing against my thigh.

"I'm getting ready to cum," I gasped.

Looking up at me, she continued her slow up and down movement. The underside of my erection was becoming extremely sensitive, especially around the head. Like a speeding train I felt my orgasm rushing through my body. When my first ejaculation comes, she stopped, keeping my erection in her mouth. It felt like I had cum forever, and when my orgasm had subsided, I felt her tongue moving around, rubbing my head, which was very slick with my juices. I was so sensitive, that I arched my back moaning loudly, as it was my turn to clutch the bedspread. She lifted up her head, letting some of my juice slide down my softening shaft to the base. She tenderly licked around my shaft and its base as I lay there basking in the sensations.

We embraced and kissed, tasting our juices on each other's lips. There was a warmth and a glow about us. The night was still young!