 "Are you horny?" If not, I have a fantasy to share with you, that hopefully will make you horny, and have a great orgasm at the same time. 

Are you ready??? 

Please put on a tight pair of jeans with black panties, and a nice tight top, braless of course, (like the gray shirt you got for Christmas). Find a comfortable spot, slip on the headphone, pop this tape in, hit play and ENJOY.....

Close your eyes.. Clear you mind... Are you horny?

Do you remember the first time we made love?? It was September 25, 1992. Picture that Friday afternoon in your mind. It was rainy. I arrived before you at our clandestine location, picking up strawberries and Champagne for this special occasion. It was special because for the first time I was going to make love to you. Anticipation had been building for weeks. Teasing, touching, letters, notes... Remember!!!!

Excitement, nervousness, and passion filled the air. Take a deep breath. Can you smell it?? You finally arrive. As I open the door to let you in to our sex chamber, I notice your beauty immediately. Your sexual energy fills the room. Can you feel it??

You are ready to take your man in ways he could not imagine. All the while surprising yourself in the process. As the champagne brings euphoria, so does the smell of sex that now envelopes the room. Can you smell it? Our bodies start to tingle. Be free with your body!! Your lips are inviting. As I slowly, softly start to kiss you, the euphoric feeling brought on by the champagne, intensifies the sexual energy that fills the air. Neither of us can remember discarding our unwanted clothing. Caressing, licking, sucking, fucking.. I can feel my cock start to harden, as I remember how hot and beautiful you looked. Upon reaching our first of many orgasms, our minds could no longer hold what needed to be said. "I LOVE YOU"...

"ARE YOU HORNY YET??" 

"What I want to do is to have us masturbate each other. More accurately, I want to get you off using your hands instead of my own. When I say I'm doing something, I want you to do it for me. Like, right now I want to caress your neck, so I need you to rub your neck, caress it for me..." (If the experience will be better for you, you can respond to me using your voice as if I was there) "Your neck feels wonderful to my fingertips. I like stroking them over it, feeling the softness of your skin as I run my hand over it. The touch of your hair on the back of my hand as I look into your eyes, enjoying the passion I see reflected in them. I move my hand down the front of your shirt, lightly, outlining the curves of your breasts, without touching them firmly enough to enjoy their mass. I move my hand down to your belly, and rest it there, massaging for a moment before I move to your hip and caress there. Your body feels so soft, so warm and so alive under me that I want to tear your clothes off. My cock gets stiffer just thinking about it.

"I'm rubbing your belly, your shirt between my hand and your fine skin. I can't wait to see your naked body... I move my hand down to your silky shorts and rub there for a little while, caressing around your hip bones, enjoying the feel of your body beneath the silk. I want to feel that body, so I move my hand back up, under your silky shirt, to your belly. I can feel it quivering under my hand. I rub the skin, back and forth, tracing your navel. I like the way your skin feels to my questing fingers. I move them down to the top of your shorts, working them underneath. "If I stretch far enough, I can feel pubic hairs. My cock throbs at the touch of your pubes. I can't see all the way to your beautiful pussy yet... All I can see of you is a little of your belly, and your silky shorts. The pubic hair feels soft and silky as I caress the top of your mound.

"I can't wait to touch your pussy, but I have to feel your tits first. I move my hands from your pubic hairs up to feel your breasts through the material of your shirt. I like their mass, the way they feel under my hand. I can feel your nipples getting hard as I caress your breasts. It feels marvelous.

I'm stroking my cock, just thinking about it.

I want to see those wondrous mounds of yours. I slowly pull your shirt off.

As soon as it's off, I use both hands to play with your nipples, rubbing each of them between my thumb and forefinger, tugging gently, feeling the way they move as each finger comes into contact with them; caressing them with the palms of my hands. I love your nipples poking into the palms of my hands. MMMMMMmmmmm they feel good. I like stroking and looking at my rock-hard cock as I think about rubbing those marvelous tits of yours.

"Are your nipples hard?? 

Is your pussy feeling warm?? 

ARE YOU HORNY YET??

I look back at your breasts, taking my eyes of my cock. They look wonderful to me, round and _very_ hard nipples, poking up from on top. I take my hands and cup your breasts, running my thumbs over your nipples while I knead the soft undersides, running my hand back and forth against the skin of your belly." "Are you moaning?? I can hear your mouth watering with anticipation. "My cock is starting to drip with pre-cum. You look so good, and your moans just make me want you more. I keep one hand on your breasts, moving back and forth between the two, caressing the nipples, stroking the round sides, and enjoying the soft undersides. The other hand moves down your belly, to your silky shorts and starts caressing the top of your mound. I slowly find the top of your clit, running my finger over the top of your shorts. You can't cum just yet..

ARE YOU HORNY YET??

I move my hand to the skin just above your shorts. I trace the outline of the top of your shorts, around the outside, down the inside of your thighs, building the anticipation of the heat and wetness underneath them. I like the heat I feel coming off of them. This all feels so good, I have to stop touching myself, or I'll cum right here! "Does it feel good, having me touch you? Your skin is so soft to my hands that my head is spinning and my cock is drooling. I can't wait to blow my wad - it's going to be awesome.

"I take my hand off of your breast. It's time to take your silky shorts off. I reach down with both hands... Slowly I take them off, and smell them. The smell of your wet pussy races around my brain, and my hard cock is pulsating... "Do you smell good??" "Does you clit want to be touched" "It's going to have to wait a little bit, I want to touch you all over first. I like running my hands up and down the outsides of your thighs, reaching around to cup your ass. I love your tight ass. Just looking at it always makes me want to fuck you. I squeeze it for a moment before I move my hands back to your thighs. As soon as my hands start to move to the inside of your thighs, you spread your legs. Even moving your hips in the direction of my hand so that I'll touch your pussy. I'm not going to do that quite yet.

On the inside of your thigh, I move my hand down to the bottom, and work my way up until I'm tickling the pubic hairs around your hot pussy. "I move my hand to your pussy, cupping it in my hands, and not moving for a minute. After what seems an eternity, I slowly move my left hand to your tits, as my right hand starts its magic on your waiting clit. My fingers move in circles around your swollen member. I stop occasionally to gentle flick it, building anticipation for your orgasm. Each time I flick it, your breathing staggers and your moaning intensifies. I stop circling and flicking to feel the wetness building. "I've got my palm on the top of your pubic mound, above the hood to your clit. My middle finger is resting between pussy lips; a favorite position for it to be, with your pussy lips on either side of it. I start moving my hand up and down, allowing my middle finger to feel the wetness coming from inside you. Each time my hand moves up, it bumps against your clitoris... You are so wet.

Are you horny yet?

Do you want to cum??

"I touch your clit again, making you gasp... It almost makes me come right then and there to hear that kind of passion in your voice.

"Slowly, I start to apply pressure with my middle finger as I move my hand up and down. My left hand is expertly squeezing and pinching your nipples, which now are reaching their height of sensitivity. My right hand begins circling around your hole, slipping it in every so often, before moving back to your clit. I tease you. Circling your clit, stopping short of ecstasy, and moving my middle finger into your wet pussy. Each time I put it into you a little deeper, until my hand almost stops moving. My middle finger moves in and out of your wet pussy, slowly at first, but then faster and faster. "Do you feel it?? It feels so good, feeling your pussy grabbing at my finger, I want so badly to cum... You are so wet, and you're so beautiful. I can hear you gasping with pleasure.

GOD, I want to stroke my cock, but I know that I'm going to cum the moment I touch it - your passion has gotten me so horny, I can't stand it!" "I can tell that you're ready... I move my middle finger out of your wetness and find your clit. The slipperiness of your pussy intensifies the circling on your clit.

Your left hand has found its way to join you right for a moment. It spreads your hairy pussy lips, to give your right hand the perfect motion for orgasm.

I'm starting to stroke my cock, now. I can hear your ragged breathing telling me that you're getting close to orgasm. It feels so good to stroke my cock while I watch you enjoying your body. I love that look on your face. It is so filled with passion... 

"Your left hand has found it's way back to your nipples, while your other rubs at your clit both at the same time looks so sexy! I'm drooling about it. My cock is, too. I can feel my own orgasm growing." I can hear you starting to gasp as an orgasm builds within you. It fires my cock all the more. I know you're close. I can hear it in your voice. "Mmmmmmmmm your orgasm is feeling so good building on my fingers.

I'm getting close. I can't hold on any longer. I'm cumming... Cum with me!!! "Ohhh - Ohhh- yes, yes that's good. MMMMM" my cum explodes all over my stomach. I wish I was shooting into you. Did you come yet?" Did You?? Yes you did, Your pussy feels so wet. I love the taste of your wetness. I put my finger back into your wet pussy, and then to mouth, absorbing the nectar you left on my finger... I hope you enjoyed this as much as I did... 

"I Love you"