 WARNING: English is NOT my first language - I have learned it in school and practiced it a lot in trading, but this is (even though pornographic) supposed to be literature.

So please bear with me, or, if not, just read something else.

*****

I'm on the verge of kicking some ass...

It's a summer day, at noon, when most people are either at work, either at home, resting, when I see the following scene, right across the boulevard.

On the wall, not in a cabin, there is, installed, a public telephone.

A young girl, I cannot tell her age from this distance, is approaching it, takes the handle, inserts a coin, then, while trying to dial, from a group of three jerks, one of them goes forward, right behind the girl, and flexes his knees towards the back of her knees, making them involuntarily flex too, so that her ass falls directly on his awaiting dick.

It's a foolish dirty trick that some punks use here, but... not on the streets, to unknown persons...

All the jerks start laughing, in cascades, and, the moment the girl turns toward her assailant, he grabs her by her neck, forcing her to bend and puts her face on his jeans, mimicking face fucking her.

Then, he just pushes her hard towards the wall, making her hit, with her shoulder, the telephone, which, it so happens that is all covered in a metal case...

As if it isn't enough, the guy pinches her by the breast, then slaps her.

Fortunately, that is the last thing that he manages to do to her, since the tip of my foot is already between his ass cheeks, making him jump towards the wall.

I haven't played too much football, but, please believe me, I do know how to hit an ass hole!...

I immediately turn towards the other two jerks, but the distance of a few meters and the speed with which they turn around and run away, make me turn back to my football "ball"...

He's already running away, but I still manage to reach him, and place a new hit, with my foot, right above his heel, making him lose his balance and fall, face down, horribly scratching his hands and his nose on the asphalt.

He jumps up, looking terrified towards me, and, when he sees that I'm approaching him again, he falls on his knees and starts yelling:

"Aaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh!..." Ooooooooooooohhhhhhhh!... Heeeeeeelp!... He wants to kiiiiiiill me!..."

He is crying, literally...

I'm not in the mood to have to go to the militia, give explanations, do some hand writing, and so on, so that I simply turn around, grab the girl by her arm, not before putting the handle of the telephone back on it's cradle, and... gone we are!...

It so happens that I am in my neighborhood, so that I do know well all the streets, entrances, halls, and so on, including blocks of flats with two entries, one in front and the other in the back.

We've approached the entrance of such a block, and I almost forcibly rush the girl to get inside it, then hurriedly exit the other way...

I only stop after we arrive at a terrace, make her sit, and ask the waitress for two bottles with mineral water...

It so happens that the waitress knows me, since it's not the first time when I come here, so that she immediately brings two bottles, half a liter each, real cold...

She looks at the girl, who isn't in her best shape, then at me.

I explain to her, in a low voice, that the girl has been assaulted by some punks...

Hearing this, she immediately takes the girl by her hand:

"Come with me, dear, you need a little refreshment!"...

In less than ten minutes, she brings back a much better looking girl, with combed hair and tears washed away from her face, with her yellow blouse beautifully aligned with her beige skirt...

The waitress smiles at me:

"Here, hero, she's all yours!"

Then she whispers to me:

"I'm only sorry that I haven't had the chance to witness how you've kicked that bastard's ass!"

She turns to leave, but suddenly, as if she has remembered something, she turns around, coming back at our table:

"Now, sir, let me introduce to you Aretha, she's barely nineteen, in her first year of studies at the faculty of philology, and the reason she was trying to use the public phone, was to find out if her aunt, who so happens to live in the neighborhood, is, or isn't at home, since she wanted to pay her a visit.

By the way, Aretha, when you're done here, before you leave, let me take you back and give you the chance to make that call from here".

Aretha smiles, showing me not only that she's got a beautiful light brown hair and a nice pair of green eyes, but also some exquisitely white, perfect teeth.

She thanks the lady, who, while leaving, tells me:

"Now, sir, I shall just let you introduce yourself to this nice young lady.

Good luck!..."

She winks at me, and leaves us alone - finally!

Honestly, I don't know what we would have done without this nice lady's help...

I introduce myself, tell her what I do, I also tell her that I live in the neighborhood, so that I ask about her aunt, where she lives, to find out that her aunt lives a block away from the place where she's got into trouble...

I keep reassuring her, telling her that this was the first time in my life when I've seen the faces of those jerks, so that, most probably, they are not living in the area, and, furthermore, after today's experience, they will avoid to show their faces around here, again...

She's still slightly trembling, so that I encourage her to drink some more water.

Practically, she needs to hold the glass with both hands, making me tremble too, regretting that, at the last moment, I have changed my mind and didn't hit that bastard's diaphragm, to make him stop yelling and breathing for a while...

After a half of an hour, I ask the waitress for the bill, but she refuses, telling me that it's "on the house"...

Then, she takes Aretha to the telephone of the restaurant.

Her aunt is at home, expecting her now, so that Aretha kindly asks me to join her, and let her introduce me to her aunt.

Gosh! It's becoming a family thing!

I accept, so that we go at her aunt's.

I won't describe here the mixture of desperation, fear, then satisfaction!.

Practically, the old lady jumps from her chair, comes to me and kisses me on both my cheeks.

Gosh! I blush! And I am twenty three, already!...

We stay there for almost two hours, being served with various cookies, juices, and so on...

When we are getting ready to leave, her aunt asks me kindly to take Aretha to the nearest taxi station, and not leave her alone before I see her getting into one, and safe...

I decide to do more than that. I accompany Aretha at her rented apartment, where she introduces me to Samantha, her room mate.

I have forgotten to mention that Aretha is not from Bucharest, her parents living quite far away from here, but she was the one who has insisted to come to the faculty at Bucharest, since she knew that it was the best available...

Here, again, I have to sit and wait until Aretha tells Samantha the whole story.

Samantha looks at me:

"It's true that you are very good looking and clearly solid, but... three guys?!?

You must be very courageous!"...

I simply smile at her:

"And very well trained, almost on daily basis!"...

Then, I feel the need to add:

"Now, actually, as you've heard already, I've had to deal with only one of them...

It's a psychological thing...

When you deal with a gang, you need to attack and beat their leader.

If you manage to do that, then, usually, the rest try to salvage their asses"...

Samantha looks at me, interested, then asks:

"Is there any possibility that we, girls, could get some training here?"

I smile:

"Yes, it is, and, in fact, very close to your faculty - just across the road, in the basement of the faculty of Architecture - you'll only have to go and see their training schedule for beginners, and see if they still have places available"...

Samantha goes to the telephone, takes the agenda, and asks me for my telephone number, then she rips a sheet of paper from the back of the agenda and writes their number on it.

"It's been a real pleasure meeting you, not to mention what a huge luck for Aretha!"...

I say good bye to the girls, and leave.

After two weeks, or so, when the incident has almost been erased from my memory, I receive a call, on a Friday evening.

It's a very enthusiastic Aretha, who's telling me that both Samantha and herself have started the training, and then, that she would love to see me on Sunday, before noon, in the park, together with Samantha and her boyfriend...

I giggle:

"Aretha! This sounds like a date proposition!"

"Yes it is!"

"Whaw!..."

"And, this time, I won't be shy, or forget to kiss you, at least on both your cheeks, as my aunt has done!..."

We are both laughing, then arrange to see each other in the park, at a certain terrace, at ten sharp.

At two minutes to ten, I'm there, and see Aretha practically jumping from the table, flying towards me, and embracing me, while she seals her lips to mine.

I'm startled at first, but I quickly recover, embrace her, and make my tongue part her lips...

After less than a minute, the decency makes me stop, since I've already seen some parents with their kids.

I mention:

"The kids"...

I take Aretha by the hand and we go to the table where Samantha is enthusiastically applauding, while her boyfriend raises and shakes hands with me, introducing himself as Gerald.

Samantha is very talkative, explaining how she has reproached Aretha all this time that she hasn't even kissed me as a thank you, especially since I am such a good looking guy, and she's got no boyfriend, neither at Bucharest, nor at her parent's home...

Gosh! If I'm not attentive with Samantha's maneuvers, I may very well reach in front of the marital officer in no time!...

I'm desperately trying to find a way to change the subject, politely, so that I ask them about their training...

They are enthusiastic, telling me that they have already learned how to use their fists, and some hits with their legs...

It seems that I need to put some reasoning into their too hot minds, explaining to them that most beginners tend to think just like them, and that, in fact, to reach the level when they can engage into a fight, for real, takes a lot of time, work and perspiration. Also, they must not exclude some pain from the equation...

I also explain to them that very many people, no matter if males or females, after only three months, get tired, and usually give up, considering that they do have better things to do, instead of repeating some moves, again, and again, and again!...

Samantha is stubbornly looking at me:

"Look, if this will happen to me, I kindly ask you, right from this moment, in front of these two witnesses, to slap my face on both my chicks, then kick my ass!... Of course, not as hard as you've kicked the ass of that punk!"... They all burst into laughter, but I only smile...

Gosh, I need to change the subject again, so that I ask them if they like music, what kind, and so on, then I tell them about my collection of hi-fi music...

They all seem to be enthusiastic about it, then they beg me to let them come and visit my place.

"No problem! Any time you want!"

The answer comes sharp:

"What about today, after we take a stroll in the park?"

"Well, when I say any time, it really means any time, so that all I can add is that you are welcome!..."

At one o'clock we are already entering my apartment, and, by three, I'm almost tired of how many records and tapes I've had to put, then change, since Samantha proves to be a real pain in the ass...

She wants to hear this, then, seeing in the catalog something else, she wants to listen to that something else, and so on!...

Her boyfriend probably senses that too much is, somewhat, too much, and whispers something to her.

Suddenly, she smiles, then whispers back something to him.

Honestly, I feel irritated by this sort of secrecy, right in my apartment, and I just hope that it doesn't show on my face...

Instead of stopping, Samantha goes towards Aretha, and also whispers some words into her ear, then, makes a sign, and her boyfriend raises, coming to me and shaking my hand, thanking me for all and blah, blah...

Samantha comes to me, kisses me on both my cheeks, then tells me that she and her boyfriend will be leaving now, asking me to take good care of her friend, Aretha, who so happens, from her point of view, to be a little bit too shy...

She then winks at me, and turns towards Aretha:

"Now, remember! Be a good girl, see how you behave with him, don't make him kick your ass away from here, unless you are prepared to take a looooong walk on the streets! If I catch you coming at home one minute before eleven, I'll break your legs!"...

She then goes towards the door, but turns back:

"And, if you get into I don't know what, and you decide to do not come home at all tonight, all that I require is that you give me a call!"

Aretha is absolutely blushing, and, to be honest, even I feel, somewhat, like blushing...

I'm wondering what is her boyfriend's life with this so direct and determined girl...

She's a born leader and, definitely, a pain in the ass!...

After I follow them and shut the door and lock it, I come into the room, and I try to make myself busy, taking away the used glasses of the two, some leftovers from some crackers, and go to the kitchen.

I simply need some time to let Aretha come back into a normal state...

I start preparing some coffee, then put the two cups on a tray and bring it in my room, where Aretha keeps on sitting on her arm chair, like a little mouse, in front of the cat...

I smile at her:

"Aretha, you don't need to worry!

Samantha cannot, and will not lead our lives...

Look, if you want, after we drink this coffee, you can call your aunt and we can go and pay her a visit.

What do you say?"

... "Nnnno, I cannot do that!... If my aunt sees me with you again, she will surely call my mother, then my mother will be calling me, asking me a bunch on interminable questions, then, most probably, she will remember that she has some business to attend at Bucharest, will insist to meet you, and so on! Only complications!"...

"I see"...

I take the catalogs from the bed, arrange them in a pile, and put them at the place where they've originally been, before Samantha's arrival...

Now I feel the need to be mean, a little, so that I ask Aretha:

"Is Samantha doing, at your place, the same, spreading the things and leaving them like that?"

Aretha giggles:

"It's the main reason for our daily fights!"...

I've finally managed to find something to make Aretha start talking - it takes her more than twenty minutes to explain to me, in detail, how this, how that, and so on...

Gosh, I didn't know that I have touched such a sensible subject, furthermore, I'm not really interested how they are doing their laundry and stuff...

Anyway, Aretha is relaxed now, so that I consider it a good moment to break the ice.

I take her by her hand, make her come closer to me, then tell her:

"Now, let's continue what we've so abruptly interrupted in the park, due to the kids around"...

I don't give her time to answer, I embrace her and start parting her lips with my tongue...

Finally, I think that Samantha is, somewhat, right.

This woman is, a little bit, too shy...

After about five minutes, I take a seat on my arm chair, then make Aretha sit on my lap.

Then, I continue kissing her.

Gosh! It takes her more than a quarter of an hour, before she timidly starts to meet my tongue with hers...

And I was almost close to believe that this girl simply doesn't know how to kiss...

Suddenly, a question strikes me: what if she is still a virgin?

Thinking a bit harder, I realize that Samantha, with her style, surely would have had found a way to give me that info...

Finally, I stop kissing her, then help her raise, then go, stop the music, put some ambient tunes, then I tell Aretha that I need to talk to her.

She looks at me, somewhat surprised, but she's clearly only eyes and ears...

I start explaining to her that the fact that I've saved her ass from those bastards, surely makes her owe to me one, but... not sexually.

I explain that I do feel attracted to her, but I wouldn't do a single move, unless she also feels attracted to me, and, again, I underline: sexually.

I also tell her that I do not have a permanent girlfriend, that I've had, in the past, but this doesn't automatically transform me into a monk, since I do have a few fuck buddies, who visit me from time to time, or I pay them visits, so that I don't really have a problem in that area.

I also explain that kissing her was a pleasure, especially close to the end, when she has opened a little, becoming more... active.

Anyway, if she doesn't feel like it, that was our last kiss, since I shall never ask her to do something that she doesn't want to do...

Furthermore, let alone Samantha's ideas, if she doesn't feel right to be here, in my house, alone with me, we can always go to some movie, a terrace, or simply take a stroll in a park, or visit some streets downtown.

Whatever she wishes!

Suddenly, Aretha stands up, comes towards, me, trembling a little, and simply tells me:

"Come! Take me in your arms and kiss me!"...

I simply do as I'm told, but, this time, Aretha is... somewhat different!

She proves to me that, in fact, she knows how to kiss, even be a little aggressive, if I may describe so the way she fills my mouth with her tongue, looking for mine...

I gently lead her towards the bed, and help her lay on it, while we're still having our lips sealed.

I gently dare to put my palm on her breast, making her shiver a little.

She doesn't stop me, while I start feeling in the middle of my palm the nipple that starts protruding through the thin fabric of her bra, and also through her blouse.

I keep on caressing her, then, all of a sudden, I stop the kissing, but immediately start licking her neck.

Gosh! It seems that I've found a very sensitive spot, since she's trembling, while her hands start caressing my back and my hair...

I take advantage of the opportunity, to start unbuttoning her blouse.

She takes a hand from my back - now, this is it! I've probably crossed the line. She shall now stop me...

I may be experienced, as I claim and I know that I am, but, to my surprise, after I finish unbuttoning her second button, I realize that the rest have already been unbuttoned!

She then suddenly raises, sitting on the edge of my bed and... takes off her blouse, then her bra, then stands up and starts taking off her skirt...

After I recover from the shock, I do realize that I'm wasting precious time, so that I strip too!

She then goes at the window, and makes the blinds dim the light coming from outside, then she jumps back to bed, obviously avoiding to look at my dick.

As soon as she reaches in bed, she quickly takes off her panties, and throws them on the rest of the clothes...

The room is dark, but not THAT dark, so that I can see her beautiful erect nipples.

I suck them, one by one, then back to her neck, while she starts, again, caressing my back and my hair...

Something is pressing my mind...

You know what they say: "Curiosity killed the cat"...

I don't want to put her in shock, or feel embarrassed, or something, so that I start veeeery careful:

"Now, Aretha, since we are so intimate now, may I ask you a very, but very intimate question?

Anyway, if you agree to listen to my question, this does not imply, by all means, that you need to answer my question if you don't want to!"...

Gosh! This is almost as an introduction to a conference!...
