 Now that I've completed the first chapter of my life's sexual journey, where I sprung from the status of virgin to that of a girl who couldn't resist the pleasures of sex let's consider the next stage of my sexual journey. This is where I turn too far. You judge just how bad a girl I was through this point.

Dave came hot and heavy inside of me squeezing every drop of his seed into my hot pussy. He banged me as hard as he could enjoying my sex for all it was worth. We had done the date thing. He picked me up at seven. We went to the movies. But it was only courtship towards sex. I used him as much as he did me. I never expected to get laid, I never did, but I didn't expect not to be desired either. So here I was screwing again, this time in the back of a Chevy. I lay uncomfortably on the seat taking his cock deep between my legs, panting as he came I took his seed.

Since losing my cherry I had become a very popular date. It seamed that word around school was Arlene was willing. The guys talked about the girls and I had moved to the willing side. In fact I began to realize just how desired my pussy was.

I also discovered the shorter my skirt the hornier the guys. But it also meant that It would make sex easier. One day I wore the shortest red mini allowable. Every guy's head turned as I walked by. I knew they wanted me.

My blood was hot thinking about all those dicks eyeing me.

I somehow found myself late for chemistry class. Hurrying down the hall I heard Steven call "Hey Arlene late for class?"

"Ya" , I giggled. I guess he was also late.

I waited for Steven to catch up with me so we at least could try to sneak in together. We went down from the third floor to the second. Heading down the stairs Steven passed me and took my hand. We continued down. Chemistry was on the first floor. We were half way between floors and Steven suddenly stopped. Holding on to my hand tightly, I swung around and we ended up face to face. Steven gently kissed me, and pulled me closer for a hug. I loved the suspense. I was shocked when he placed his hand on my pussy. I think he expected a slap but I froze as I felt his hand through my skirt. I was electrified by the chance of getting caught messing around. I then guided his hand under my skirt to my pussy while nibbling on his ear. We nervously checked to see if the stairwell was deserted, it was. I then unzipped his pants and pulled his tool out. I'm sure he couldn't believe his luck.

It was a risk, I was unprotected but I couldn't resist.

I whispered in his ear "the chance of getting caught turns me on, wanta get lucky Stevie?"

He was still in shock from me pulling out his cock.

I lifted my skirt and slid his hard cock into my undies, rubbing my hot slit in pleasure.

It wasn't good enough, I wanted more. I dropped my undies to the floor quickly stepping out of them. Steven was nervously ready to get lucky. I was unbashfully ready to screw his brains out. He lifted me against the wall and I gladly guided his cock inside of me. I exploded in orgasm. I grabbed his ass milking him for whatever I could get. It didn't take long for Steven to shoot his load into me.

After he came we quickly straightened ourselves up and headed to our chemistry class. It was difficult explaining where we had been but we somehow were told to take our seats. We smiled across to each other. I sat through the 40 minute class in lala land completely screwed with Steven's sperm swimming circles inside of me.

After school ended, I joined up with Betsy and headed over to the mall. On the way over I told her what we had done. She thought I was making it up or something. We giggled while talking about our sexual fantasies.

At the mall we shopped around for an hour or so, then Betsy decided to go home. I decided to stay a little longer. I told her I'd take the bus home later. I called my mom and let her know I would be late as I was out shopping.

She told me to call me when I was ready and she'd pick me up.

I found the cutest blue dress in my favorite store, and decided to try it on. I went to the dressing room and slipped out of my mini and blouse and pulled the new dress over my head.

I heard a hello and found myself being watched by Mr. Smith, my friend Susan's dad. He smiled as I admired the dress in the three-way mirror.

"Very nice" he commented.

Mr. Smith then asked me "Lots of rumors around town about you Arlene. You'd better watch yourself."

I replied "I'm a big girl, I can take care of myself"

"I'm sure you can" he replied.

I returned to the change room. Before I knew where I was, he followed me in quietly closing the door behind him. I didn't know what was up, so I said "excuse me".

He responded saying "Arlene I've heard you fuck like a rabbit and I'd like to talk with you" Mr. Smith grabbed me from behind and began messaging my breasts as he squeezed my petite body against his. I was nervous and excited at the same time.

I could feel his manhood grow as he continued to fondle my breasts.

Mr. Smith then lifted my dress and swiftly pulled my panties to the floor.

I couldn't stop his moves. I was paralyzed. I didn't stop his advances I let him play on. He pulled the dress over my head leaving my ass bare before his eyes. I knew what was to follow, he removed my bra leaving me completely naked except for my shoes. I waited motionless as he dropped his trousers to the floor. He pushed my shoulders down bending me forward, I grabbed the bench before me. Mr. Smith spread my legs wide open and pushed his cock-head against my pussy. "Take this cunt, fuck me hoar" he said as his cock slid between my lips and entered my slit. He pounded into me as hard as he could, going deeper than I ever imagined possible. He pushed in and out going deeper with each thrust using his grip on my hips to pull me into his cock. I could feel the head of his cock painfully ram against my cervix with each thrust. His rhythm got faster and faster as he screwed me as deep as my pussy would allow. No, this was no screw this was a fucking.

My thoughts were "If he goes any deeper he'll tear me apart." Tears were in my eyes. I screamed uncontrollably as he exploded violently against my cervix. He continued to push into my cervix as he shot his load deep into his goal. I wondered if my screams were heard in the store. This was extreme, I was being fucked by a man who cared less about me. Didn't want to date me, I wasn't anything to him. Worse, I didn't know who I was, or where I was, or what I was doing.

As I left the store I was dazed. I had been screwed and fucked today. I felt cheap, was I a slut? Did every guy think of me as just a sex tool. I had had sex with a friend's father. How could I ever face her?

But worse, I had done unprotected sex. Once willingly and once less-willingly. But, I knew something was growing inside of me.

I could feel it... seed had met its goal.