 One night I got a call from my friend who I was supposed to go to a bar with. She said she was sick and wouldn't be able to make it. Disappointed and left without plans, I decided to go alone anyway. It was already 10:30pm and I didn't feel like trying to track down any other friends. 

I decided that I might as well have a little fun, so I dressed up in a dark red button front dress with a collar and fishnet stockings with black boots. I left the first few buttons undone, allowing the tops of my tits to be sexily visible. I wore no jewelry and my hair was down. I knew someone at the bar was bound to notice me alone and maybe I could have a quick romp.

I arrived at the place a while later and it was pretty busy. The dim lights accentuated the bar's atmosphere and the crowd of people talked and laughed over loud music. I sat right at the bar and ordered a drink. I sipped and watched the room, and after a few minutes decided to go out front for a cigarette. 

Not long after lighting up, I noticed a man who was also alone, smoking on the other side of the doorway. I walked over to him and started some small talk. He was pretty hot and he looked my age.

"You here all by yourself?" I asked. 

"Yeah, my friends all left," he replied "Are you here alone, too?" His inquiry came with a smile.

"Hopefully not for long..." I hinted.

"Well, I'm Sam," he reached out to shake my hand. How polite.

"I'm Raynne," I said as I shook back. His hands were big and his shake was firm. We talked a little more, being very flirtatious, until finally Sam told me he lived right around the corner and I could come over for more private conversation if I liked. I quickly agreed and we walked over.

His place was small but nice and he said he lived alone. His living room had a huge couch and we sat down with beers. We even lit up a joint and smoked it. In no time, our hands were all over each other.

Sam obviously liked my fishnet thigh highs because he ket caressing my legs and pulling at the elastics at my upper thighs. I didn't have on a garter belt or anything but the stockings were pretty hot. He didn't take them off, though. We made out and he started to unbutton my dress until it was slipping onto the floor. I could feel his dick getting hard against my thigh as he pressed himself to me, reaching around to unhook my bra.

When my tits spilled out my nipples were hard and Sam wasted no time. He rubbed my chest and bent over to press them together and suck on them until my nipples were red and a little swollen. I was getting so wet just thinking about his hard dick. When he couldn't take it anymore, he unbuttoned his pants and took off his shirt. He was pretty ripped. 

I reached for his cock and started stroking it until I realized it was very big. He moaned a little when I bent over and sucked the tip into my mouth. I licked and sucked until he started thrusting in and out of my mouth, fucking my face. During that time he started to finger my clit and then he switched positions so he could lick my pussy while I sucked his dick. 

His tongue slid into my warm hole and then moved up to my clit. He licked and pressed a finger inside, too. I moaned on his cock and sucked harder. He nibbled my clit and rubbed my pussy until I started bucking my hips slowly and moaning louder. Then he pulled his cock out of my mouth and stopped tongue fucking me. He turned me over so he could slap my ass and I laughed. 

Then, when I was on all fours, right up on the couch, he rammed his hard cock into my drenched pussy. "Oh yeah," he moaned and started pumping his dick up into me in piston-like motions. He gripped my hips and leaned over me, whispering in my ear.

"Mmm, you're so hot baby I love fucking you," he said. He continued to thrust in and out of me harder and faster, until he was ramming up until his hips grinded against my ass. I could feel his balls against my skin and he continued to increase his force. He would pull his whole cock out and then ram it back in, sending electrical feelings up and down my body. My tits bounced with each thrust and I squealed in pleasure. 

"Yeah baby, fuck me hard, do it just like that," I whispered back between moans. I reached up and gripped the side of the couch while he reamed me with his massive cock. It felt so good inside of me that I was drenched and orgasming constantly. Finally, he gripped my hips hard and pushed his length up me as far as he could, holding it in and cumming. He shot a hot load into my hole and pumped until he was done ejaculating. I screamed in ecstasy. 

When he pulled out, I turned over and sat down upright on the couch. My pussy was on fire and I caught my breath.

"Damn, I'm glad I saw you tonight!" I exclaimed. He expressed the same thoughts and we exchanged numbers before I left. Maybe we would meet again another night.