 After a few miles you can get off the rough paving stones, then hit the ones worn down by centuries, then as you get nearer the coast you hit the asphalt and can open the throttle. At first a lot of gravel kicks up, but as you speed uphill the wind comes in off the ocean at an angle and you head straight into it, good clean air.

I could move the Vespa up to fifty but that was it with a passenger. Any kind of weight slowed it right down, but I didn't mind because of who I was carrying. I had my crash helmet on, and the chivalrous thing would have been to let her use it, but...I wanted to see or just picture that hair blowing straight out in the wind...that lustrous mane of streaked candy colored silk, as delicious as a glimmering candy apple at Christmas. I had to get my hands on that hair too, to thrust my fingers into that sun kissed sweet thickness, so thick and rich and flowing I'd probably get stuck in it.

I stopped close by the ruins of an ancient Roman temple. There was a long slope down to the sea. It was hot, and the sun was directly overhead, glowing like a lamp, without any humidity. The sky was a clear crystal blue, the sea at the horizon was a deep cerulean blue, shading toward a light greenish blue at the shoreline, and the foam of the surf was a bluish tinged white. My Vespa was a blue-grey. All blues except for the ochre stones of the temple and the sand.

But the most delicious color was red. Long red curly hair. And she had on a sleeveless shirt of red stripes. She was an American girl, named Sue. She wasn't pale or willowy like the English or uselessly voluptuous like the French or slightly malnourished like the rest of the Europeans. This was an American woman, athletic, strong, thickly built for sports or outdoor work or horseriding or things like that. A pioneer woman. Independent. The whole structure of her body seemed to support the full forward thrust of her magnificent breasts, firm as melons, straining against the red striped cotton. When I stopped the Vespa and kicked out the stand, she jumped off lightly. Even with red hair,and a fair complexion, her skin held a delicious coppery tan. Across her cheeks and her snubby nose was a slight sunburn. All red. All ready to eat. My mouth was watering.

We wanted to get out of the sun, and out of the ocean wind, so she led me past the ancient columns under a stone alcove where there was a little angle of shade. I grabbed her around her waist. She wasn't delicate- Above her hips she felt like solid muscle. I desperately wanted my hands on the swell of her breasts but couldn't work up the nerve yet, so I grabbed her tighter and tried to pull her toward me, but there was some resistance.

The sun seemed to warm her up, radiating some of her essence so that I could inhale her and damn, the smell of her made me dizzy. She smelled of suntan lotion and shampoo and soap and the piercing clean smell of her laundered clothes. She smelled of cherry or strawberry and something that hardly any men can identify, that mysterious woman smell like a summer breeze coming off a lush riverbank. I stood with her locked in my arms and thought if I kept inhaling her scent, it would drive me into a frenzy.

"Stop," she said lightly. But she was smiling. "Stop. Not here. We've gotta walk."

"Walk where?"

"I don't know," she laughed. Then I bent my head toward her, but not too far, because she was almost as tall as I was. I could smell her breath, no toothpaste or mouthwash, but that tantalizing smell that comes from deep within, like heated sugar. She was staring straight into my eyes. I kissed her. She was the type who was always putting on lipstick or gloss or lotion but apparently had forgotten,or the wind had done its work, because her lips felt slightly chapped. Little flakes of dried skin seemed to bite into my mouth as our lips met. We kissed only lightly at first, then, instinctively, we both pressed harder, at the same time, and I sucked her lower lip into mine . She pushed back, firmer, her thicker bottom lip thrusting up into mine. I moved my hand up her back, she was warm and dry, no trace of sweat. Her head turned slowly sideways to my shoulder as we settled into a long slow kiss.Her hair fell in a soft wave over my chest.

She kept her mouth closed partway, then opened up slowly, just a little at first, letting me work my tongue in, then she slid her tongue over mine, all cool and wet and slick and we lowered ourselves to the hard stones and let our tongues keep swimming against each other.

I had my hand on her thick thigh, and it was thick, thick and firm and warmed by the sun. She had on very tight white shorts, too tight to get my hand under or down but I tried anyway, pushing my fingers up as far as I could but only touching more warm thigh. She put her hand on the back of my neck and sighed deeply into my mouth. I noticed she had closed her eyes now, and her long auburn lashes were brushing lightly on my chhek. Then she leaned back, as far as she could go, all the way down, spreading her hair out with her left hand in a wide fan-shape. I leaned over her, wanting my tongue to stay trapped in her mouth forever.

I could not open my eyes. I wanted to feel everything by instinct, to not think about it, to just hope. To hope she was doing what I thought she was. She was pushing at the waist of her shorts, sliding them down, and they were coming slowly, down her wide hips, down her thighs. When they reached her knees I stopped and brought my head up.

Her eyes were open now, and they were staring straight into mine again. Her lips were slightly parted. She had green eyes, deep green, emerald green. Emerald with diamond splinters. Her pink tongue slid out between her lips and she sighed deeply again and slid her shorts lower. I didn't look, I just watched her eyes. Then I slid down, brushing my face on the melon-swell of her breasts, brushing my cheek against the warmth of her copper thighs. I closed my eyes until I could inhale that lushness, that summertime river bank smell, and I let my own tongue slide out.

She began to sigh deeply, to say words so lightly I couldn't hear, but I let my tongue slide over her soft texture, let it run over her delicate lips, getting that sweet nectar she was making melt into my mouth and fill my senses. She spread her legs wider and stroked the top of my head and my tongue began to glide, lightly, then deeper, then it was lapping at her wetness, then sucking greedily. She moaned loudly and threw her right thigh over my shoulder so I pressed my whole face in and surrendered to her delicious wet heat.

Finally I let the tip of my tongue dance lightly over her clit and she pushed herself off the stones, grinding upwards into my face and grabbing at my shoulders. I moved back and raised myself up just a little, getting reading to slide into her. In just a few minutes we both had become wet with her candy essence and I wanted to savor the moment. She might have had the same idea and sat up, staring at me with those emerald eyes. I kissed her again, a wetter kiss this time, wet and tangy with her nectar, sloppy and warm and wet and promising hours of ecstasy. Then I leaned back and watched the crimson curls of her hair dance in the sea breeze.