 The sheets were red, silk and soft. She lay on them, her left leg up, her foot flat on the bed. Her arms were stretched above her head fanned beneath by her hair, black as a night without moon or stars. She stared at me with large browns eyes, twin pools sparkling with desire. I was eager to drown in them as eager as I was to drown in her sex.

My gaze moved from her eyes, to her lips, ripe with rouge, glistening like an apple plucked at its prime on a dewy morning. Her breasts rose slowly round alabaster mounds eager for my hands to grasp and massage. They were tipped with rosy nipples, hard and yearning. 

I touched them, my gaze returning to her face.

She bit her bottom lip and closed her eyes as I massaged first her left nipple and then her right and then both enjoying the sweet soft touch of her breasts so warm and soft and welcoming. She moaned and her leg fell flat on the bed. Her back arched and her sex, the sweet smooth mound of milky flesh brushed against my balls as they dangled.

I kissed her stomach and slide my tongue down to her belly button. She purred like a cat as I moved even further down to the clean shaved sex that oozed wetness. I kissed her soft moist lips. I slid my tongue between her slit, tickling the nub that was her clit. 

She pushed herself up into my mouth her butt rising off the bed. She gripped both sides and moaned louder, shuddering as I took her clit fully into my mouth and began to suckle it as a baby does its mother's nipple.

She pulled the sheets and wrapped her legs around my neck. Her soft thighs kissed the flesh of my neck, hot and firm. I took the scent of her into my nose and loved it. I felt my shaft already hard hardening even more. I wanted her and wanted her even more listening to the sounds erupting from her delicious lips.

Her breathing quickened becoming louder as she pushed her flesh harder against my face rolling her hips until finally with multiple shudders and cries of delight she fell back to the bed. Her legs relaxed and she released the sheets running her hands through my hair.

I looked up, her eyes were still closed. I looked down at her glistening sex. It was wet with opaque juices from her depts. My throbbing member was eager. I crawled up between her legs.

She opened her eyes and stared at me. 

I leaned and kissed her as the tip of my head touched the folds of her vagina. 

She kissed the corners of my mouth her tongue out licking remnants of her juices on my face.

My head popped into her, pushing past her sweet folds. I felt muscles contract at her opening. She moaned. I pushed further allowing my entire shaft to fill her. 

Her tongue was in my mouth as I began to slowly stroke her, our bodies pressed together, her breasts a delightful cushion between us, nipples poking me as I impaled her.

Her legs were up again and we danced our bodies moving in unison, one form amidst the red sheets, glistening with sweat the odor of sex in the air.

I began to go faster and faster pushing myself harder into her yearning to go deeper and deeper still. Our breathing was fast and loud and in fact quiet arousing. 

I pulled back, sitting on my heels, my shaft still buried in her sex. I grabbed her ankles and held her legs up. 

She opened her eyes and stared at me. They were wide and filled with lust.

I began to slam into her, the sound of our flesh smacking together mixing with the din of our panting.

She added to this beginning to cry out even louder than before with each thrust growing louder. 

I looked down and saw myself disappear into her candy pink hole. I watched as each time I pulled back the sweet milky film of her juices coated my shaft.

She was holding the sides of the bed again. Her lip again was between her teeth. Her head was back and her breasts pushed up. Her back was arched. 

I felt a tremor in my loins and my own body convulsed. I erupted in her in three waves, and three finally thrusts the last one bringing her higher off the bed before she again fell weak with satisfaction on the silk sheets.

She opened her eyes and smiled.

I let her legs down, staying inside her warm slot. I felt occasional contractions as she squeezed my shaft. I could feel the blood seeping from my shaft and my member soften. I lay on her. I kissed her, still inside. She wrapped her legs around me, her arms too, her breathing slowed as did mine and I whispered in her ear and we slumbered.