 I really can't believe how much my life has changed in the past three months. You just don't expect that at my age.

Let me explain.

I'll start with who I am. My name is Debby, I'm fifty-seven years old, yes, it's been a while since my high school prom, I'm married, happily married, actually, to Brian, he just turned sixty. We're reasonably well-off, have two children, now grown and out on their own, and we live a happy and contented life.

Well, actually, our sex life, like many couples married as long as we have, well, there's been some slippage over the years. Even though I've always believed that you either use it or you lose it, over the last few years intercourse has become a less frequent occurrence, and, recently, the past six to eight months, basically absent from our marriage.

It really began with Brian seeming less interested in sex, not initiating it like he used to. Oh, when were dating and first married, he was an 'every day' kind of guy. That was fine with me, I've always loved sex ever since the first time.

So, now that Brian not only seemed less interested, he also, even when we got naked and started trying, had trouble getting an erection. So, my sex life has become solo, I've started masturbating whenever I'm alone, it's just not something I feel comfortable doing around Brian, I just don't want him to think he's let me down.

We love one another, we just no longer make love to one another. Well, nothing's perfect and I had, frankly, resigned myself to it and had purchased a few vibrators from the bewildering variety now sold these days.

I remember once, Brian taking me into a sex shop years ago in Europe, it was in Heidelberg, near the Old Bridge, it was oddly called, 'Sex Shoppe,' and there were a number of items that seemed amazing at the time but, today, well, they sell thousands of items for every single thing you would ever want to do to yourself or anyone else. Recently, when I wanted a vibrator, I went online and was just overwhelmed. But I now have three or four that do the job very nicely.

My life, especially my sex life, had changed somewhat and was due for another, even more dramatic change a few months ago when I reconnected with an old college friend, finding each other and reconnecting over the internet.

Ruby and I had been roommates during our freshman year at University of Colorado and we met at a local restaurant, one that Brian and I particularly like, for a few drinks to reconnect after all these years.

We met in the bar, a large, oval bar, and were well into our first drink when I began to notice a man across from us paying particular attention to me. At first, I thought it was my imagination, I was almost sixty, he looked to be maybe thirty. Maybe.

Now, I'm not an old grandmotherly-looking babe, I still get my share of looks but I must admit not many from the twenties and thirties set. And I had on a short leather skirt that showed-off my second best asset, my legs. I was also showing a bit of my prime asset, my breasts, with just a bit of cleavage visible. I was wearing a push-up bra that really did make me look good.

Just so you know, I even look good without a bra. When I turned forty, Brian's present to me, and to himself, of course, was an implant job just to firm things up nicely. I didn't want big 'Dolly Parton' boobs, just something appropriate to my body size. And they turned out really well. For several months, Brian wouldn't let me wear a top or bra around the house after the initial healing time and his hands and lips were on them all the time. Not that I ever complained, I loved how I looked. I bought a whole closet of dresses and tops. And a few bras and bikinis that always got Brian's attention as soon as I put one on. Any way, back to the night in question.

After a while, there was no doubt that he was, well, checking me out. Finally, our eyes met together and we smiled, then I was sure he was flirting with me.

No, I'm not one of these women who think every guy on earth is making goo-goo eyes at her, but his interest seemed certain. I knew for sure it was when the bartender came over and leaned toward me to ask if the gentleman across the bar might buy me a drink.

Though I was thirty years away from the dating and bar scene, I knew enough that I had a guy interested in me. Well, well.

I told the bartender that I would accept his kind offer and Ruby leaned over to me and whispered, "I don't think you've lost an ounce of your ability to charm the fellows, Debby, not a bit. You're just what I remember from college."

Ruby and I resumed our conversation and, after a few minutes, the gentleman from across the way showed up at my elbow to ask if we minded if he moved to our side of the bar.

We both told him he was welcome and we made a space between us for him to drag up a barstool.

He introduced himself, Craig, and we all chatted for a few minutes about this and that.

Ruby had to beg off in order to be home for her sister-in-law to arrive from out of town, her husband was picking his sister up right about then at the airport and she needed to get home so we set another date to get together in the near future.

So, I was left with Craig.

"I hope you can stay for one more drink, Debby."

I told him I could and we talked about a number of things, our jobs, where we each grew up, I never hid the fact that I was married or had children, then I decided to ask him the question that was most on my mind.

"Unless I'm mistaken, Craig, you seem to be hitting on me, am I right?"

"Well, if I was, would you mind?"

"Um, no, no, I suppose not. But, you didn't answer my question."

"Yes, Debby, I am hitting on you. I find you to be a very attractive and enticing woman."

"Enticing? Well, you're rather enticing yourself. But, it's not nice for you to be hitting on a married woman, Craig. You're rather a naughty young man."

We chatted on for a while longer and I must admit that it did get my juices stirred up to be the center of attention of a man probably twenty-five years younger that me. Yes, I was feeling quite tingly and wet. Something that doesn't happen too frequently these days.

Our nice chat went on for a while longer, then I looked at my watch and saw that we were approaching ten o'clock so I began to beg off.

He gallantly paid our bill and offered to walk me to my car. I was turned on by his attention and his gentlemanly behavior was adding to my attraction to this handsome young man.

We got to my car and chatted for a few minutes, then I said goodbye and put my hand out as his arms surrounded me and he gave me a kiss.

"Well, Craig," I gasped, "you're young enough to be my son."

"Good thing I'm not, aren't there laws against incest?" and he leaned into me once again and kissed me. This time, two things happened, first, I felt his hard cock pressing up against me, second, I slipped my tongue into his mouth a bit as he began grinding his hips against me as I was pressed up against my car.

Well, this was the most heated-up I'd been in a few years and as he pulled his head back, he said, "Debby, I must say that I'm quite taken with you. Debby, you really turn me on," and he gave me another kiss, a hard, passionate kiss pressing against me, his tongue caressing my open mouth as my hands ranged up and down his back.

I just knew I had to leave. If I kept this up, I wouldn't go home at all.

"Um, Craig, I am married, I've told you that. I simply can't go any farther."

"I'm sorry, Debby, you're so beautiful and I want you so bad. You're so sexy."

"Under any other circumstances, Craig, I'd go with you to a hotel or your place, but I can't. Believe me, it's been a while since I've had sex and I'd love to be with you but I just can't."

"Your husband isn't fucking you, Debby? Is he crazy? God, I'd be doing you every night. And more than once."

"Well, I think he's getting older and it does happen. So, I just can't go with you."

I pulled away and turned to get into my car. Then, something stopped me. I turned back to him and put my hand on the large bulge in the front of his pants and whispered, "Craig, I can't believe I'm saying this but if you get in my car, I'll give you a handjob, okay?"

His arms surrounded me as he kissed me. I then unlocked my car and we both got in the back seat where he leaned back as I loosened his belt, zipped down his fly, reached in and unfolded his cock out into the evening air.

"Oh, you are hard, Craig. Makes me feel pretty good that I'm turning a young guy on this much," I murmured as I began jacking him up and down.

"Mmm, that's nice, Debby, really nice."

"Well, It's been a while since I've done this, especially with one this hard."

While I was saying that, his hand was sliding up my leg under my skirt, I spread open a bit to make it easier, even though I had on pantyhose. He was soon rubbing along my sopping wet crease as I stroked him up and down.

I was simply overcome with lust and passion. Fifty-seven is still a sexual age for a woman, at least it sure was for this woman, and I was turned-on like I haven't been in twenty years or more.

I was slowly stroking him as he rubbed over my pussy, then, his breath deepened and he began thrusting up, fucking my fist around his cock.

"UUUMH, UUUMH, UUUMH, uuh, uuh, mmm, mmm, oh, Debby, mmm, oh, that was nice, so nice," and he leaned forward and kissed me, his tongue probing my mouth as his thumb rubbed me through my pantyhose.

"UHH, UHH, UHH, mmm, mmm," and I pulled away from his warm mouth and hugged him to me as my orgasm swirled all around me. For a minute, I couldn't even speak, it had been so long since another person had caused me to have an orgasm, oh, it was wonderful, I just hugged him to me as the feelings sped through me.

A bit out of breath, I whispered, "I think we both enjoyed that, I know I did. Not just what you did to me but what I did to you. I really did enjoy making you cum," as he wiped it up with his handkerchief, then wiped his wet hand on it and put it in his pocket.

"I may just keep this hanky the way it is with both of us on it, so I can tuck it under my pillow at night, Debby," and we kissed again.

It was now late and we got ourselves straightened out and gave each other our email addresses and cell numbers, then went our separate ways, both happy and contented. I replayed his cumming in my hand all the way home.

As I drove home, I really didn't think I would ever hear from Craig again, still not convinced that a woman probably twice his age really turned him on.

I got home and went up to get ready for bed. Brian was already in bed reading and I went in to shower, thankfully something I usually did before bed, otherwise, I had undies that were sopping in the crotch, a bit hard to explain having a night out with a woman friend. When I pulled off my pantyhose, they were very wet and stained. Obviously I had a nice time tonight.

In the shower, I soaped my breasts and spent longer on them than usual, then gave myself some more pleasure with my fingers. I was just so stirred up and horny after all that. Who wouldn't be?

As I slipped into bed, Brian asked, "How was it with Ruby? Nice time? Kinda late."

"Oh, yes, we had lots to catch up on. It was fun."

"I must say, you looked sexy tonight, hon."

I couldn't remember the last time I'd heard those words from my husband.

"You wore that sexy leather skirt I like and were showing a bit of that lovely cleavage of yours. You looked good."

I bent over and kissed him, even putting is a bit of tongue which we hadn't done in a long time.

"Thank you, Brian, what a nice thing to say."

I wondered if he was perhaps suspicious of something, or just what. So, I decided to tell him a bit about my evening.

"Well, truth is, a young man did buy me a drink tonight."

"Woah, I bet that made you feel good, huh?"

"Well, yes, it actually did. At my age. Yes, it did. He actually came over and sat with Ruby and me, even kind of flirted with me."

"I'm glad you had fun, dear, you deserve it in my book. Yes, you do," and he went back to reading his book. I got back up, went into the closet and found the black lacy teddy and matching panties, put them on and walked back into the room and slid in next to him.

"Well, you're a bit frisky tonight. Your young man get you fired-up? I wouldn't blame you a bit," he said as he pulled me to him and kissed me as I moved my middle close and rubbed a bit. I could feel something between us but it was nothing like what I had held in my hand earlier in the evening. That was rock hard. But, at least, Brian seemed interested.

As we kissed and hugged, we were pressing our pelvic areas together and, like in our recent times, I was not feeling anything hard enough to be able to be pushed inside me no matter how slick and wet I was inside, which was a lot, I can tell you.

"You really look sexy in that black teddy, hon. It must turn you on to have the guy come on to you like that. Kinda turns me on, too," he whispered as he ground against me as I hoped to begin feeling a hardening between us.

He slipped his hand down into my panties and rubbed my sopping wet pubic hair which, as aroused as I already was, felt wonderful. Then, a finger slipped inside and began moving in and out. 

"I think my young man tonight has got me all wet inside. I'll bet you can tell, huh?"

"Oh, you're really juicy, just all ready for some fun, eh?"

Chapter 2

Maybe, maybe, this will do it, I thought as I moved my hand down and felt his cock.

Well, I would just have to get him hard, I thought, so I began rubbing him as he fingered me. I rubbed a bit and his cock did seem to thicken but not really get hard, certainly not enough to enter me.

"I think you're all turned-on, Brian, because another man flirted with me."

"Well, I think you're right. Just the thought has got me pretty worked up."

I couldn't help but think about how hard I had made my new friend's cock tonight as I tried to interest my husband's member in a little fun now that I was all hot and ready. So, I kept rubbing Brian's cock.

"Oh, Debby, I really want to have sex with you tonight, I just want to cum in you, I haven't in so long."

I kept stroking him and he still wasn't getting much harder so I lay on my back and asked him to get up on me and try. He got up between my legs as I took his cock and rubbed the tip up and down my eager slit.

"Mmm, that's nice," he said as I tried to push him into me. I kept rubbing him on my wetness up and down, trying to insert him and finally said, "Let me get up on you," and we changed places.

I held his dick on my opening as I pushed on it as much as I could. I also decided that perhaps a bit of dirty talk might arouse him.

"Mmm, fuck me Brian, I want to be fucked and I want your cock to fuck me," as I scooted back and forth across his cock under me.

He was bucking some back and forth under me as I rode over him, both of us scooting back and forth, his soft cock rubbing between my pussy lips. While it did feel good, it just wasn't a hard cock up inside my yearning, hungry pussy.

So, I kept grinding us together trying to make us feel as good as I could.

"Mmm, oh, Debby, that's really good, I think I'm gonna cum, mmm."

I kept rubbing back and forth on him and it was feeling better and better, finally, it just leapt up out of nowhere and I began cumming and cumming as I frantically rubbed my pussy wetly back and forth across his cock.

He held me tight as he said, "I'm glad you got off, hon, I just don't think I can. It's all right."

I really did want him to have a cum, too, and asked him, "Would you like me to suck you, see if that will make you cum?"

"It's been a long time since you've done that but, yes, that would be wonderful."

I moved down and took hold of him and began sucking on the tip of his cock as I jacked him with my finger and thumb around the base. I hadn't sucked Brian in many years, yet it all came back pretty quickly, I guess it's something you really don't forget.

His cock got a little harder, still not firm enough to hold up to fucking me, so I kept on sucking. He began to moan, then began pumping my mouth. Maybe I was getting somewhere at last.

"Oh, I'm cumming, mmm, mmm, oh, oh, OOH, OOH, that's so good, oh, yes, mmm," and I felt the pulses of his warm cum into my mouth. I sucked a minute more, then got up into his arms as we kissed.

"It's been a while since we've done anything like this, Brian, I'm glad we did."

"Mmm, I am, too, it was really nice."

We held each other for a while and, then, I rolled back over, pulled on my panties. When I turned out the light, I lay there for several hours as the excitement lessened and the guilt rose and I finally drifted off to sleep

It wasn't as though I had cheated on Brian, after all, I was a vital woman without the sexual attention I wanted and needed. Craig and I didn't have intercourse or even get naked with each other, it was just some sexual relief, that's all. And nice, at that.

I knew I was still really not fulfilled in the way I yearned for but it seemed to make Brian happy and that was good.

The next few days did have me thinking about all this, especially how I felt in the back seat of my car with Craig's hard cock spurting its cum as I masturbated him. I just kept thinking of that nonstop. Yes, I was horny and for once, I began thinking about what I wanted out of life. What did I want?

For days, I struggled with whether or not I should call him, I just wanted to be with him again, yes, not for the company, I knew what I wanted and I wanted a man's hard cock inside me fucking me like it was my first time again.

Then on Tuesday, my cell phone rang and I looked at it, 'Craig Wilson,' and picked it up.

"Hi, Debby, this is Craig, remember me?"

Well, I was alone, away from others, so I jokingly answered, "Um, you must be the guy I jacked-off in the back seat of my car the other night, right?"

Laughing, he said, "Yeah, I do remember that, yes," and we chatted for a few minutes. He asked me if I could meet him for a drink after work on Thursday and I agreed, the date was set. Luckily, Brian was traveling until Friday night so I would need no excuses.

For the next two days, I cycled between guilt at making a drinks date with a guy I knew was sexually interested in me and the thought that I had needs of my own and I deserved them met.

Then, on Wednesday, I went shopping. Yes, Victoria's Secret was one of the stops and I bought some thigh-length stockings, no more pantyhose being in the way for me, a few new and very sexy pairs of panties along with a lacy demi-cup bra. This I tried on and, oh, yes, it looked very good, very good. Just a bit of nipple showed. Pretty hot for a woman three years from her sixtieth birthday, I thought.

Finally, finally, Thursday came and since we were meeting after work, I had to dress somewhat conservatively and chose a white silk buttoned-down blouse with a black vest to cover the half bra, hardly something I would normally wear to the office, along with a knee-length black skirt. Then, to top things off, I had a pair of black boots in my car to change into before we met up.

At last, five o'clock came and I went to my car, put the boots on and drove to the restaurant where we had first met. I chose a table in a corner, well away from the door and in about five minutes, Craig came in, came over and kissed me on the cheek. We chitchatted for a while, then on our second vodka and tonic, we were both more relaxed as he moved around the banquette next to me.

As we talked, he moved his hand to my leg and moved it up, moving my skirt up at the same time. We kissed once or twice, his hands brushing against my breasts, we were pretty much out of the way, and I felt my skirt go up even further.
