 I'm a teacher, and I'm having an affair with the father of one of my students. The strange part though, is that he's the only one who thinks he's cheating on his wife, when the truth is that not only does his wife know, she's the one who set the whole thing up in the first place. And while she approves of him and I having sex with each other, she doesn't want him to know that, and prefers that he believe he really is cheating on her, so he'll treat her more nicely out of guilt. She even knows that we are in love with each other, but part of our agreement is that I discourage him from leaving her, in exchange for her giving us plenty of opportunities to be together. And I have no problem with that, because I'm not interested in marrying him, just in loving him, and making love to him, during the time that she gives us. The only times I'm ever tempted to break those rules, is when his guilt about being unfaithful to her makes him depressed, but I have plenty of other ways to cheer him up, and have never had to betray her trust.

My story begins about a month after I became a teacher at the school where I work, and I met my lover's wife at one of the functions there. We ended up as Facebook friends, and were soon sending each other messages on a daily basis. As is common, we'd use each other as sounding boards to complain about what was wrong in our lives. In my case it was not being able to find a decent boyfriend after my husband had died, since I had peculiar tastes in men. I'm 32, 160cm, and have what would be an extremely sexy body, if I was a 13 year old girl, meaning small tits and a tiny ass. It's not my body that's the problem though, and I get plenty of offers from guys who'd still love to fuck me. It's that I'm not into fucking, I like to make slow romantic love, and I have a thing for older men, because my husband had been 20 years older than me, and we'd married for love, not money. I mean, he had been rich, which was why my parents didn't object, but it had been his private kinks that made me love him. And his favorite kink was pretending I was his daughter during sex, even though he'd never had kids, and that he'd have to teach me how to please him. So, my problem was finding a man who was old enough to be my father, and would be glad to lovingly teach this little girl how to make her Daddy happy in bed.

My lover's wife, had her own problem, that her husband was also older, and she did love him. But she really didn't enjoy sex very much, especially fantasy role playing, and the lack of sex was slowing pushing her husband away. Of course, she was afraid he'd start cheating soon, although she'd had her problem for 12 years, and he hadn't cheated yet. And she was afraid she'd lose him when he did finally do it, since she had nothing to fight that battle with. Hell, she'd even let him have a mistress, to get what he needed, if she could guarantee that he wouldn't leave her for that woman. Then she opened the door by saying I'd be perfect if I wasn't looking for a new husband, because hers would love to have someone like me, and he not only liked the kind of sex I did, she was sure he'd enjoy the games I liked too. No, we didn't make any plans right away, because I didn't know anything about her husband, and at the time, I didn't know she'd been serious about what she'd said.

The subject didn't die though, because she'd convinced herself that I would be the perfect mistress for her husband. I didn't need to get married for money, because my husband had been rich, and I only worked out of boredom. I couldn't have kids, even if her husband had been capable of making anyone pregnant. I wasn't lonely, just horny, which her husband could fix for me. And, she was right, that I didn't need a man to tell me how to live my life, just a man who wanted what I wanted in bed. She also convinced me how perfect her husband would be for me, by sending me the fantasy stories he'd written for her, which said he did like the kind of sex I did. A lot of them were even about him teaching women how to do certain things in bed, and the only thing I'd have to convince him of, was to let me call him Daddy when he was "teaching" me. So, by the time she actually made it an official offer, I was as convinced as she was, that he was the lover I'd been looking for.

One thing she'd made clear at the beginning, was that she didn't want him to know this was an arranged thing, because he'd resent her picking out a mistress for him. She'd give me the opportunity to seduce him, by convincing him to start going to the gym again, which I would also join. But, she wasn't going to help me, except by maybe getting him pissed off at her more often, so he'd be an easier target for my attention. Meaning that it was up to me to convince him we should become lovers, not for her to tell him that. Getting him to notice me was the easiest part, because his tastes do run to girls like me, and he started seriously checking me out the minute I walked into the gym. Getting him to start talking to me was almost as easy, since he enjoys helping people and was glad to show me how to work all of the machines there. Getting him to let me join him for his after workout coffee was easy too, just ask where he was going, when we were done, then asking if he minded company. It got difficult after that though, because his wife had totally fucked his head up with her games. I mean, for someone as handsome and intelligent as he is, he has a very low opinion of himself and spent the entire night trying to convince me he wasn't worth wasting my time on. So it wasn't until his best friend joined us on Friday that I got the help I needed to get past his armor of self hatred.

That was them, his best friend and his best friend's girlfriend, giving me the rundown on the things his wife put him through. I'd have wanted to kill her, after they told me what she did to him, if it hadn't been her who'd sent me to fix things. And, had he not left before they told me those things, I'd have begged him to let me soothe some of his pain that night. But, when I said that I liked him and would be glad to fix his problem, they let me know that I wouldn't be the first to try and he'd rejected every girl who'd shown that kind of interest in him. It hadn't been a lack of interest on his part either, because he'd admitted to wanting to fuck some of them as much as he obviously wanted to fuck me. It had been a lack of trust, since he would be a good catch for a Turkish girl and he knew it. Because, despite all the shit his wife did, he refused to divorce her and ran from anyone or anything that was a threat to his marriage. And, to be honest, I was one of those threats, because I was at the right age to be looking for a husband and babies, so unless my interest was just in fucking him and I could make him believe it, I'd have no more chance than any of the other girls.

They were right too, because the more I tried to get close to him, the more he'd push me away, by something he said or did. So, since he didn't respond to traditional methods of seduction, I had to come at him from a new, and for me, completely different direction. In other words, I had to tell him my fantasies, in front of his friends, and make it clear that making them come true was all that mattered to me. And, I started telling him he reminded me of my father, when I was a little girl, and that I was going to start calling him "Daddy" from now on, especially when he acted like an old man around us. I called him that for over a week, until on Friday night I pretended to be drunker than I was, and told him he'd think I was sick, but I'd always had the hots for my father when I was younger, which was really true. Then, I whispered in his ear, that one of my biggest regrets was never telling him how much I wanted him to fuck me back then, before I broke out in tears, which at least got him to finally put his arms around me. After that, he said I'd had enough, and he should drive me home, which also fit my plans, because he got to see the villa I lived in and would understand that I wasn't after his money.

Because of what happened Friday night, when I called him Daddy at the coffee shop Monday he said I should stop calling him that. When I asked him why, he said I'd told him something when I was drunk, that made me calling him Daddy uncomfortable now. I laughed and said I knew what I'd said, because I hadn't been so drunk that I didn't remember, just too drunk to keep my thoughts to myself. Then, since his friends weren't there, I leaned forward and put my hand on his, saying thoughts I always had when I was near him. Thoughts of him making that fantasy come true and teaching his daughter everything a 13 year old could do with her father. He asked why I hadn't done the real thing, and I told him that by the time I got the guts, my father was too old to thrill me anymore. And I hadn't known back then that I couldn't have kids, and hadn't wanted my father to get me pregnant. But the fantasy that I had done it was still there, and he was enough like my father was back then, for me to want him to make that fantasy real for me. Of course, he pulled back when I said it, and I asked if he thought I was sick for wanting that. He said no, he was just too married to give me what I wanted. I hit back with what his friends said all the time, that his wife had absolutely no right to expect him to be faithful anymore. So there was no reason he couldn't be my Daddy and fuck his daughter like she wanted him to. Then I told him to just think about it for a few days, and that his daughter would be waiting for him on Friday, so we'd have the time to do it right.

During Wednesday's coffee time, he tried to argue with me some more, and I told him it was impossible to talk me out of my fantasy. I asked him to look at me and tell me what he saw, and he said a beautiful woman. I smiled at him saying I was beautiful, then told him I had a woman's face, but my body was that of a little girl. Hell, I didn't even have to shave my pussy, because I only had little girl's hair there. My fantasies matched that body, a little girl's fantasies, although I wasn't sure if my fantasies were so strong because I had a child's body, or if my body had never grown up, because my childhood fantasies were so strong. Then I switched to a little girl's voice, and told him I just knew that I wanted Daddy to teach me all about sex, and that I hoped he wanted to be my Daddy long enough to teach me everything. And I leaned across the table to put some icing on the cake I was baking, by saying I meant everything and I'd do whatever my Daddy wanted me to do, no matter how dirty it was. He didn't argue anymore after that, he just stared into his coffee cup, which I took to be a good sign, even though I hated seeing him like that. The best sign though, was when I asked Daddy if he was Ok, in my little girl voice, and he said "Don't worry honey, Daddy's fine, he just needs some time to think".

Like I said, this had always been our favorite game when my husband was alive, so I had all the clothes I needed to dress the part. A short pleated skirt, a white blouse like girls wear in middle school, a training bra in my size, and little girl cotton panties. And with my hair in pigtails, plus a little makeup to hide my laugh lines, I could have walked through that school without attracting attention. I also got the attention I really wanted, when he walked up to the gym, and saw me waiting outside for him. Then, I gave him my own attention, by throwing my arms around his neck and asking if he was ready to take me home and teach me all the things we'd talked about. He froze for a second, and I thought he might say no, then he nodded his head, and let me take his hand for the walk to his car. He didn't speak again, until we were both sitting inside the car, where he asked me if I was sure about this. And I answered that if my Daddy was sure he wanted to teach me bad things, I was sure I wanted to learn them. Then I started planting little kisses all over his face, until he grabbed my head to show me how big girls kissed.

When we got to my bedroom, I had him sit on the bed and I straddled his lap like a little girl would, to continue our kissing. My husband had loved telling me how to do the things he wanted, but my lover was better at acting like a real Daddy would. Like telling me that while he knew what he wanted was wrong, I was so beautiful that he couldn't stop himself from wanting me. Which let me tell him that what he wanted wasn't wrong to me, because I had the same desires he did, for him to love me the way he loved Mommy, and for him to do all the things with me that he did with her. By this time, he already had my blouse open and was working on getting my bra off. I made the comment that I knew my boobies were too small, being barely 32B, and he reminded me that not only were they pretty big for a 13 year old, he also told me that if they'd been any bigger he might not have wanted me as much as he did. Then he worked them over for a few minutes, with his lips and tongue, before saying he loved small tits and nice tight asses, and he'd like me to take off my skirt, so he could see that beautiful ass of mine. When he began fondling my ass, and raining little kisses all over it, I told him I wanted to see what my Daddy had too. And as he stood up, while still rubbing my ass, and kissing my lips, he took one of my hands, and placing it on his belt, told me I could unwrap my present all by myself if I wanted to.

I told him I definitely wanted to, and after his pants fell to the floor, I pushed him back onto the bed again, and fell to my knees to finish unwrapping it. His cock was not only longer than my husband's had been, it was quite a bit thicker too, and the more I played with it, the more anxious I was to suck it. But, like a good little girl, I waited for my Daddy to tell me his cock liked me, and ask if I wanted to give it a kiss to tell it I liked it too. Then he told me that Mommy liked it a lot, and kissed it even deeper than I did, even taking it inside her mouth, to kiss it better. I told him I liked it more than Mommy did, and was going to take it all the way into my mouth, which meant I was getting ahead of the game by showing him I could deep throat him, without making him teach me that part first. I almost didn't make it though, because of how thick it was, but I did make it, with him saying I really did like it more than Mommy. After that it was mostly the same things you always hear, like how I was a natural born cocksucker and how beautiful I looked with his cock in my mouth. And my responses back to him about how much I loved having it there, and how he'd never have to ask me twice to get me to suck it. Then it devolved into him warning me that Daddy was getting ready to do something real bad, and cum in his baby's mouth, and asking if I'd let him do that. Which I answered by reminding him that I'd said I'd do whatever my Daddy wanted me to, and if my Daddy wanted to cum in my mouth, I was going to swallow every single drop of it.

When he finished cumming, he did something no man had ever done, not even my husband, and that was kiss the mouth he'd cum in while asking me if I'd enjoyed it enough to want to suck my Daddy's cock again soon. Followed by me repeating what I'd said before about not having to ask me twice, especially if he always gave me plenty of his delicious sperm when I did it. Then he told me it was his turn, to do something else no one had ever done to me, even though I'd been warned about this by his wife, that it was his favorite thing to do, and that it would also be mine after my first time. That still didn't keep me from feeling a small amount of disgust, that he was going to stick his tongue into where I peed from, which is a funny reaction, considering what I'd just had in my mouth, and what it had done there. But my lover's wife was right, because as soon as he started licking me, my disgust was gone, and I would have killed anyone who tried to stop him. I also had more orgasms in the half hour he ate my pussy, than I'd had in whole nights of just fucking. And yes, I was going to pay my Daddy back for this, by sucking his cock again after he fucked me, even if it was what he pissed out of. Actually, that's a lie, because I really love sucking cock, and I'd already planned on sucking his again. It's just that feeling his tongue in my pussy, and my asshole too, was so awesome, I really would let him piss in my mouth if he wanted to.

Anyway, after that, "Daddy" crawled up my body, and asked if his baby was ready to become a woman now, which I definitely said yes to. Then he asked if I wanted him to try to break my cherry slowly, which might hurt a little more, or if I'd rather he popped it quickly to get the pain out of the way faster. I told him I wanted Daddy to make love to me, not fuck me, at least not the first time, and that as long as he was kissing me while he did it, I was sure I could handle any pain there was. When he reached the bottom, he asked if he'd hurt me, as if my moans as he slid inside didn't tell him he hadn't, but it was part of the game, so I told him only a little, and that he should go slow for a while. He's good at the slow part, although I prefer his medium rocking pace, once we found it, and I kept pushing up at him harder and faster until he reached that spot and I exploded in orgasm. Then I told him I liked that pace and kept him fucking me like that through three more of mine, before he filled me with his little babies. Ok, I can't have babies, which I'd already told him and he couldn't give me any anyway, that's just what I was screaming for him to fill me with when he started cumming, that's all.

Afterwards we lay there, kissing and touching until his dick was hard enough to make love again. Yes, I know what I said about wanting to suck his cock after he fucked me, and I could easily have cut our waiting time in half by doing that. Also, if you remember, I said I love sucking cock, especially the part where the guy cums in your mouth, and if had I taken his cock between my lips, I doubt I would have let it go until it did cum. But, I wanted him to cum in my pussy again too, and he might not have been able to if I sucked his cock first. So, since I had a better chance of making him cum with my tongue, than with my cunt, it was after this fucking that I'd suck him again. Now, just because I prefer making love to fucking, that doesn't mean I don't like getting fucked at all. And now that my cherry was out of the way, I told "Daddy" that was what I wanted to learn, how it felt for him to really pound my pussy hard. Because the sluts in school said fucking was better than making love, and I wanted to see if it was true. After 10 minutes of me screaming "Fuck me Daddy" and only one orgasm though, I told him they were wrong, and I hoped he liked the speed from our first time as much as I did. He kissed me and told me he loved that speed, because it was our speed, not someone else's, which was a turn of phrase I definitely liked hearing. Then he made love to me, at our speed, for another 45 minutes, before he filled me with more of his little babies.

Now, I told him that I wanted to taste Daddy's cream again, because I was more than ready to suck him to the finish line. He protested that he'd already cum three times and might not be able to cum again, but I told him in no uncertain terms that he wasn't going home until he came. So, he should be a good Daddy and let his little girl have her lollipop, and leave getting the cream out of it to me. By the time I finished, he only had 15 minutes left before he had to leave, and I spent that time talking him into coming straight to my house on Monday. Because he'd promised to teach me everything, and I still didn't know how my Daddy's cock would feel in my tiny asshole. I knew there was still a chance he wouldn't show up, because I could already see the guilt in his eyes for having cheated on his wife. I just had to hope that his wife had been right about that too, that he was obsessed with fucking her in the ass, and that holding that part back from our first date, would be what got me our second date. Because everything else she'd told me about him had been true so far. That my small tits wouldn't turn him off at all, because she'd had smaller tits than mine when they got married. That him eating my pussy would become my favorite thing once I let him do it. And that he was the boyfriend I was looking for, because I loved everything we did together. So, I had no reason to doubt she was right about him wanting to fuck me in the ass that bad, and that it would keep him coming back.
