 Walking down the hall he watched her body move. Her breasts bounced just a little with each step, her ass swayed sexily from side to side. He stopped her halfway down the hallway and put her hands above her head and leaned her against the wall. He leaned into her and let his body push against hers as he kissed her deeply. He held her hands above her head and surprised her by putting the open cuff around his own wrist. They were now locked together. Finishing his kisses with a soft tug on her lip they continued toward the bedroom.

Peggy had noticed his cock as they walked it stood out from his body like some thick arrow pointing the way. It's base was surrounded by thick dark curls, and his balls swung beneath his shaft. He had a well built body, and cute little ass she couldn't wait to slap and kiss. When he pressed her into the wall she took the opportunity to let her body feel every inch of his skin against her.

Her bed was huge, and taller than most, he saw there was more than enough room to enjoy it all. As they neared it, cuffed together, he stopped her at the edge and lifted her up to set her down on it. Her legs dangled off the edge and he gently pushed her back and let his hand brush against her nipples as he did so.

" I just want to kiss you everywhere Peggy" he whispered as he stood over her and put his thumb on her mons. He moved his thumb slowly around her hidden clitoris, alternately pressing and releasing pressure. She took their cuffed hands and put them on her breast where their fingers worked together kneaded her skin and pinching her nipple. Fred got to his knees at the side of the bed and began to kiss her legs, starting at the knees and working his way up her inner thigh.

"You are so beautiful Peggy, let me kiss you all over." She didn't need to reply, her body did for her as her legs opened slightly more. His thumb was now tracing the outside of her nether lips waiting for her to become wet enough to allow him entry to her treasure. He put his lips over hers and left soft kisses on her freshly shaved skin. Peggy felt his tongue press forward and split her petals open, she raised her buttocks up slightly at the sensation and moaned softly.

Fred's strong hands held her butt cheeks off the bed as he began a lovely assault on her pussy. Using his tongue and lips he dipped into her, pulled her nether lips open, and flicked at her tiny button as it peeked from it's hood. Peggy squirmed under his oral onslaught but loved each kiss all the same, she felt herself flowing with her own juices and held his head between her legs with her uncuffed hand.

She shuddered as reached what would be her first orgasm of the night. Fred drank in each drop of her wonderful nectar and let his free hand explore her folds until she was spent. Then he stood up and looked down on her flush body.

"I want to make you mine all night" he said as he took his cock in his hand and rubbed it up and down her still wet slit. His cock looked beautiful and Peggy told him so. "You have a beautiful cock Fred," she reached down and took it in her hand, "come lay down with me." Her right wrist and his left were still joined, the key lay on the night stand unused for now. Peggy rather enjoyed the feeling she got when one of her hands and one of his were touching her breasts earlier, she had an idea for what would come next. 

"I just want you to lay here and let me explore your body" she whispered in his ear as she crawled next to his warmth. She looked in his eyes and saw not just love, but a need she knew she could fulfill tonight. She lay on his left so her free hand was able to explore. She let her fingers circle his nipples already hard from the cool air in the room and the excitement coursing in his veins. His chest hair was soft and dark and she ran her nails along his pecs down to his abdomen. Fred squirmed and moaned his appreciation. When she traced his treasure trail to the base of his thick cock he grabbed the sheet and curled it in the ball of his hand and raised his ass off the bed. 

"Did I find a sensitive spot," she purred "hmmmmm, this might call for closer inspection." Peggy got to her knees and took a position between his spread legs. His cock thrust up from a thick nest of dark curly hair, except for his balls which had been shaved clean. She ran a fingernail up the seam of his ball sac "ooh I like this." A sharp intake of breath and a muted grunt was his only reply. She leaned over him and let her long blonde hair slide across his inner thighs and up and over his straining member. "ohhh that feels wonderful" he managed to say this time "don't stop." 

"I have no intention of stopping until I get what I want" she grinned at him. Her face was inches from his cock now and let a warm stream of air escape her lips and travel the length of his dick, it danced in front of her eyes involuntarily. She kissed his thighs and let her nose nuzzle his balls while she did so. She could feel his muscled body squirming beneath her but not wanting to escape. With her right hand now, the one still cuffed, she took his cock in her fist and began to stroke him slowly up and down. A tiny drop of cum appeared at the tip as she knew it would. She let her fingers spread it around his crown and then let some of her own saliva cover his head while her fingers squeezed just the tip of his cock. 

He was fully engorged now, his shaft so full his skin had no wrinkles and except for the dark pink of the head looked like a thick shaft of flesh. She put her lips on his head and kissed him, letting her tongue touch the sensitive glans and the tiny hole on top. He bucked his ass off the mattress at that "oh god that feels absolutely wonderful!!" he practically yelled. Peggy wrapped her right hand around the base of his shaft and squeezed keeping all the blood concentrated in his cock, his hand went to his balls and he held them not knowing quite what to do. Peggy opened her lips and lowered her head slowly to tease him until he felt his cock pass them. Her lips were soft to kiss, but this was heaven. They felt like velvet to him, and the inside of her mouth was warm and wet. Peggy took his entire cock inside until her lips touch his hand still holding his own balls. He gave himself a squeeze and it made his cock jump inside her mouth. She felt the big vein on the front of his dick throb against her lower lip as she circled his shaft with her tongue. Peggy could already taste a little of his salty cum on her tongue, but she wanted to make him give it all to her. 

"You take care of those balls, I'll do the rest" she told him and proceeded to do just that. 

Using her tongue she lapped the length of his cock from bottom to top paying close attention to the dark colored head now full of blood. She kissed his naked balls and suckled one then the other gently into her mouth, this sent a shiver through his body she could feel. He lifted his balls and she kissed behind them on the sensitive skin there. Then she leaned over him and began to move her head up and down on his thick shaft. 

"Ohhhhh your mouth is so warm, you make me feel so good and so big" he moaned into space. She felt his cock thicken even more as his orgasm built inside him. She tightened her grip on his base to make him last longer, and release more forcefully when he finally would. She enjoyed giving oral sex almost as much as she enjoyed receiving it, she was in control and all he could do at this point was enjoy. She liked that. His eyes were half closed now, and his voice was a croak and only sounds no words. His cock filled her mouth and hand and she increased the speed of her bobbing, sucking his cock hard each time she drew back. 

"I'm going to cum" he warned her, but she knew that before even he did. Peggy loosened the grip on the base of his cock and could feel the vein begin throbbing hard. His first spurt hit the back of her throat and suprised her with it's force. She took all of it he had and listened as his voice filled the room. When he was done she gave a last little squeeze and took the final drop on her tongue and moved over him to kiss him.