 The more he thought about this, the more he wished he hadn't agreed to it. Having her over to watch a movie was just asking for trouble. She was married after all. And though nothing had happened yet, each time they got together they came closer to letting their playful flirting go too far. Just as he contemplated calling her to cancel, he heard a loud banging at the door. "Damn, she's already here." he thought. "Why the hell can't she use the bell?" As he opened the door, a bright light filled his view. 

"Sir, there have been reports that you have been concealing a dangerous weapon, and I've been sent to conduct a search to determine the validity of these claims." He recognized her voice, but was still temporarily blinded. Once she lowered the light and his eyes adjusted, he couldn't believe them. She was was dressed in a police uniform. A very sexy police uniform. The shorts were shorter and tighter than he'd ever seen law enforcement wear. And her uniform top was so tight that it didn't button over her breasts, leaving plenty of them on display. Handcuffs dangled from her belt. Mirrored aviator sunglasses, a hat and a large flashlight finished off the ensemble. She smirked as she watched him try to make sense of what he was seeing. 

Before he had time to react, she pushed through the doorway, knocking him against the wall and closing the front door. "What the hell are you doing?" he asked, caught off guard. 

"Sir, this process will go much smoother if you cooperate and do as I say. Please stand facing the wall with your hands against it and your feet shoulder width apart" she commanded. Then she leaned up and cooed into his ear "It will be fun, I promise." He wasn't sure how to react, but couldn't deny that he was intrigued. He decided to play along. She began running her hands slowly and carefully over his back and shoulders, as though she was searching for a weapon. To reach the length of his arms, she had to stand on her tip toes and press her breasts against his back. He attempted to press back into her and she immediately stopped and backed away. "Sir, I'll need to ask you to remain still while the search is being conducted." She was all business. He'd never seen her act like this. She resumed her search, her hands reaching around to his chest. She began to unbutton his shirt. "I will need to remove this in order to ensure you aren't hiding anything under there." Her fingers danced slowly across his exposed chest. "I will need you to briefly remove one hand at a time from the wall so I can remove your shirt. Your hands will need to remain where I can see them and when one hand is off the wall, the other remains on it, understood?"

"Yes ma'am." if she was maintaining the character so well, the least he could do was go along with it. After his shirt was off, and she seemed satisfied there was nothing hiding there, she focused her efforts on his legs. She knelt behind him and began running her hands down the outside of his legs to his ankles and back up to his hips. Next, she glided them over the back of his legs, giving his backside a light squeeze. Then she moved to his thighs. The proximity of her hand to his zipper made him wonder just how far she was going to take this charade. He feel his erection beginning to bulge and his jeans getting very uncomfortable. There was no way she wouldn't notice this. He held his breath as her fingers moved along the front of his legs, down to his feet and back up to his waistband, where he felt them unbutton his jeans. She carefully slid her hand into the front of his pants and he heard her sharp intake of breath as she grasped his hardened cock, quickly releasing it and withdrawing her hand.

"Sir, I am placing you under arrest for possession of a concealed weapon. I am going to need to cuff you." He had no idea how she was staying in character, but it was really turning him on. He placed his hands behind his back and felt the handcuffs click onto them. Maintaining her authoritative tone, she leaned in and said softly "You have the right to remain silent, though I do enjoy a vocal prisoner. Anything I say can be held against you." She pressed her breasts into his back again for effect. "Now follow me." She turned him around and led him to the living room, pushing him onto the couch. 

Removing her hat and tossing it onto the couch beside them, she climbed into his lap, straddling him. She raked her fingers through his hair, kissing his neck, and taking pleasure in the fast pace of his pulse beneath his skin. Working her way down his chest, she lightly pinched one of his nipples, smiling as he let out a soft moan. Her hand traced down his stomach until she was again near his engorged cock. He strained a bit to move it toward her hand. She withdrew it quickly and grabbed him by the hair on the back of his head. She leaned in close enough that he could feel her breath against his neck and ear as she whispered "I knew you were hiding something." Her tongue grazed his earlobe and gave him goosebumps. She ran her fingers through his hair and began to slowly kiss his neck, working her way back down his chest, pausing a moment to lick his hardened nipples, blowing on them and running her teeth against them. It was making him crazy not to be able to touch her. Finally, she settled into a kneeling position between his legs. She unzipped his fly and slowly pulled down his jeans and boxers, allowing his erection to spring free.

"Hmmm... I need to get a better look at this." she said. She removed her sunglasses and he saw an unfamiliar look in her eyes. Desire. She licked her soft, pink lips and leaned in closer. She placed a gentle kiss on the head of his penis and and giggled when it jolted at her touch. She brought her hand up and grasped it lightly, running the length of it. Then she brought it to her mouth and took him in, her tongue swirling around the head as she used her hands to massage his balls and stroke his shaft. He began to moan as she expertly worked her way up and down his stiff cock. Reality began to sink in and was almost too much for him. A married woman had forced her way into his house, handcuffed him and was now sucking his cock like it was her last meal. It was unreal.

"Please uncuff me" he begged. 

"And why should I do that?" She asked coyly, crawling back into his lap. "I'm not done with you yet." She stared into his eyes as she began to unbutton her top, revealing the lacy bra that supported her gorgeous breasts. He struggled against the cuffs again. He wasn't sure how much more teasing he could take. She smiled. "I'll make you a deal. I will uncuff you, but you need to do as I ask. If you don't, I leave." He wasn't sure he liked that, but he sure as hell didn't want her to leave so he readily agreed. 

"I want to ask you something. And I want an honest answer- have you ever thought about me and touched yourself?" His face flushed with embarrassment as he nodded. "Good to know." She replied, unhooking her bra and slowly sliding it off. "What do you think about? Do you imagine my soft, wet mouth wrapped around your cock, working every last drop out of it? Or do you think about fucking me until your legs give out?" 

He'd never heard words like that come from her. The question, coupled with her naked breasts inches from his face made it hard to answer her back. "B-both." was all he could manage to get out. She smirked again and reached around his back to uncuff him, moving purposely so that her breasts brushed across his face in the process. He managed to take one of her nipples into his mouth. She let out a small whimper, then regained composure. "Mmm... Not yet tiger, you promised to play by my rules and there is something you need to do for me first." 

She removed the cuffs and he circled his arms around her waist "Anything." 

She whispered "I've thought about you so many times, pictured you stroking your cock while you think of me. It gets me so hot. I want to see it. I want to watch your hands work that thick cock. Can you do that for me?" She knelt back down on the floor and looked up at him expectantly, running her hands around her breasts and squeezing her nipples. He was a bit nervous, he'd never performed like that for someone before. But seeing her watching him, her eyes wild with desire- he decided to comply. He watched her as he began stroking, a drop of pre-cum glistening at his tip. "Yeah, I love watching you." He quickened his pace a bit, really wanting to show off. Her face grew more excited and her breath quickened. "Ooh, make that cock cum for me. Show me what you'd do to my sweet little pussy." He wasn't sure he could last longer, her words had him so turned on he was already getting close. He tightened his grip, using his other hand to massage his balls. "Yeah, do it. Cum on me!" she breathed heavily. She moaned it delight as she arched her back toward him, giving him better access to his target. Seeing her sitting there waiting for him to cum on her was all he needed to send him over the edge, shooting thick streams all over her neck and chest. She rubbed it in and softly moaned, licking her fingers clean. "That was amazing, even better than I imagined." She stood and kissed him deeply. "I am going to go clean off in the shower." she said, disappearing down the hallway.

After catching his breath, he pulled his pants back on, noticing the cuffs sitting on the couch next to him. Slipping them into his back pocket, he crept down the hall after her. Once he heard the shower running, he edged the door open a bit to peer in, not ready for her to know he was there. He had a perfect view, watching as she slid her shorts and panties down and stepped into the shower. He could see that she was carefully groomed, her pussy smoothy shaven except for a small, neatly trimmed strip in the front. He was thankful that the glass shower doors did little to conceal what was on the other side of them. He watched as she closed her eyes and let the hot water run over her body. Something about watching her in his shower was exciting. She acted like this was the most natural thing in the world, something she'd done before. She had always seemed a bit shy before, but tonight she was different, completely in control. Her confidence was incredibly sexy. He gazed as she washed herself, soap sliding down her body. 

She turned the shower off and looked toward the door. "I know you are there watching. Get over here and dry me off." He'd never allowed himself to be ordered around like this before, and was surprised to find he enjoyed it, though who was giving the orders and what those orders were factored heavily in his enjoyment. He slowly dried her with the towel, taking time to get a good look at her while he did. She was gorgeous. Short, but curvy. Soft and sexy. He massaged her scalp a bit as he dried her hair. She closed her eyes and moaned softly. "That feels so good." She leaned against his chest and he held her, running his hands through her hair. He brought her face to his and kissed her. She melted into his arms. All the hardness seemed to have faded, she was vulnerable now, not the demanding woman who had cuffed him not long ago. Suddenly he remembered the cuffs in his back pocket, and he had an idea. He moved his hands to her shoulders, slowing running them down her arms so as not to raise suspicion. He paused at her elbows and kissed her some more, then slid his hands down to her wrists and grabbed them quickly behind her, pinning her to the bathroom wall. 

"Hey! What are you doing?" She gasped. He was quite a bit larger and stronger than she was, so he had no problem keeping her arms behind her back with one hand while getting the cuffs out with the other. "Let go, I can't move. This isn't fair!" she cried. He got the cuffs on her while she struggled against him. She lunged toward him and lost her balance. Having no arms free to catch herself, he reached out to grab her and they both fell. He landed in a sitting position with her face down across his lap. As she tried to get up without use of her arms, he felt quite pleased with himself. He couldn't help but laugh at her, naked and struggling in his lap, her ass raised in the air trying to give herself leverage. Taking advantage of her position and inability to retaliate, he gave her a soft smack on the behind. It took her by surprise and she stopped struggling. So he followed it with another. And another. A moan escaped her lips. 

"Ah, someone's been naughty?" he asked. "Does the bad girl need a spanking?" Now the tables were turned, he was in control. He smiled wickedly. 

"Yes" she whispered. 

"Yes, what?" he replied. 

"Yes, I've been bad- please spank me." All the power from before had gone from her voice, she was now playing the helpless victim. He planted his hands across her ass, not too hard, but enough to leaving a rosy hand print. The whimper he heard let him know she was clearly enjoying it. He positioned his hand so he was softly spanking the swollen lips of her pussy and she started moaning even more. He ran a finger along her slit and felt wet she was getting. He picked her up and carried her over his shoulder into his bedroom, roughly tossing her onto the bed. He laid on top of her, overpowering her with his size and weight, and kissed her hard. She struggled to free herself from the cuffs, but soon gave up and let him stay in control. His hand and mouth explored her body, taking his time on her breasts taking one nipple into his mouth then the other, rolling them with his tongue, nibbling them. He kissed down her sides and belly until he got to her thighs, kissing and touching her everywhere but the place she wanted it most. 

"Please" She begged softly "Please, I need it." He let her beg a bit longer until he couldn't stand the wait either and he slowly ran his tongue along her wet lips. She shuddered. "Please un-cuff me, I need to touch you."

His hands began to move up to the cuffs, then he decided against it. Not that the thought of her hands on him didn't excite him, but he was relishing the power and control he now had. "Maybe later, if you're a good girl." He focused back on the task at hand. he could feel the heat rising from her pussy as he got closer. "Mmmm... you look delicious." he said, slowly kissing her clit. His lips parted and he slowly traced his tongue around it. "She tastes as good as she looks" he thought to himself. He moaned as he licked and sucked, the vibrations sending her into ecstasy. While he focused his tongue on her clit, he kept his fingers busy, alternating between massaging around her opening with his knuckles and slowly inserting a finger or two. Clearly, she was enjoying it as much as he was. He loved feeling her smooth, shaved pussy grinding against his face. She felt so good he could have stayed there for hours. "You like that, huh?" he smiled. 

"Yes! Oh please don't stop, make my pussy cum!" He was happy to oblige, renewing his efforts with more intensity. Soon, her breath became heavier and her moans louder. She was on the edge. He growled into her, the vibrations pushing her over as she started to shake. He kept up his pace and she cried out as a powerful orgasm came over her. He didn't let up and he felt a couple smaller orgasms follow. He gave her a moment to catch her breath, then removed the handcuffs from her and helped her sit up. "That was a dirty trick, cuffing me like that" She said, mischief flashing in her eyes. "Nicely done."

"You're telling me about dirty tricks?!" he replied. "I am not the one who showed up dressed as a cop with handcuffs. What was that about?"

She blushed. "I don't know what got into me. I suppose I have just been feeling extra horny lately. I knew we'd just end up wrestling around tonight and it wouldn't lead to anything, so I decided to take matters into my own hands."

"Well, I'd say it worked!"

"You're not upset?" The worried look on her face surprised him. She was genuinely concerned that she had made a mistake.

"Are you kidding me? I'm only upset that we didn't do this sooner. I never knew you had this side to you. We wasted a lot of time pretending we were both interested in watching movies together" he laughed.