 November can be unpredictable in these parts, and while our original plan was to take a nice long walk along the waterfront, the clear skies quickly turned black, and rain began to pour, forcing us to take cover in the lobby of an art gallery.

As we stood in the lobby looking out to the rain drops bouncing off of the pavement of the parking lot, drops of water fell from our rain-soaked coats onto the floor where we stood creating a ring-shaped puddle around our feet.

We looked at each other and laughed at the sorry sight that we were. 

"I don't think this is going to let up for a while," I said, wishing that I had taken the umbrella out of the trunk of my car before setting out on our walk, "Why don't we go into the gallery while we wait this out?"

"That could be fun!" She said as we both turned to head up the stairs into the gallery where a new art exhibit had just opened the day prior.

As she walked up the stairs ahead of me I watched her nicely shaped buttocks which was tightly wrapped in a pair of black yoga pants. The material hugged her curves in a way that showed off her beautiful figure without coming off as slutty. As she climbed the stairs she removed her coat which was heavy with rain water, but the form fitting t-shirt below was surprisingly dry. As she turned on a landing before heading up the next short flight of stairs, I felt a warmth building inside me as I admired her profile from her right side.

The little pink t-shirt stretched over her breasts, and clung tightly to her abdomen, and the bottom hem fell short of meeting the band of her yoga pants, offering a sexy glimpse of her soft, white skin.

She shook her hand through her auburn coloured hair, spraying a mist of water around her as she continued up the stairs.

As we entered the gallery, she set her coat on the back of a folding chair, and she pressed her hand into mine. Our fingers interlaced as we walked across the creaky wooden floors of the gallery sending a tingle through my body.

Though we had been getting together regularly for the last two months, we weren't really dating. Our relationship was largely sexual, and was mostly contained between the walls of my bedroom, so we had never talked about things like love, or partnership, and we certainly hadn't held hands in a public place as we were doing then.

Though I had no desire to move toward an actual relationship, the feeling of her soft, thin hand in mine, stirred feelings in me that I didn't want to entertain at the time, but those feelings were causing a hardening between my legs as we wandered the gallery.

As far as I could tell, the exhibit lacked a formal theme – unless the theme was a group of local artists from various disciplines, and a wide range of styles piling their work into the two large rooms of the gallery in a disjointed, and uncoordinated fashion.

Still, the patchwork of colours had an interesting effect, and as rain continued to knock against the windows of the gallery, it was a nice way to pass the time.

Her grip on my hand tightened as we approached one particularly large painting. Stopping in front of it, she turned and looked at me with her large green eyes, and smiled.

"It is beautiful!" She said, "It is kinda vaginal though, don't you think?"

I stepped back a little for a better view of the painting which was of a large, pinkish-red flower in full bloom. I don't know flowers well, so I had no idea what type of flower it was supposed to be, but she was right, there was certainly a sexy, vaginal quality to the folds of the petals on the flower. If it was intentional, it was very well done, and if not, it was certainly a happy accident.

"It makes me think of how amazing you are at licking my pussy," she whispered in my ear. 

There was no need to whisper, as we were the only people in the gallery, but the feeling of her hot breath on my neck as she whispered in my ear further hardened my already throbbing cock.

We continued through the exhibit, taking in the wide range of water colours, oils, sketches, and even a few small sculptures which were encased in glass boxes in the centre of the gallery. After we had seen the entire exhibit we found ourselves back in front of the painting which we now jokingly referred to as the "pussy-flower."

Again her fingers tightened around my own, and she smiled at me as she said that the painting made her horny. Then she tugged on my arm and said "Let's go."

We exited the gallery and were heading down the hallway toward the stairs. We didn't reach the stairs however as when we were passing the door to the men's room, she pushed into me with her shoulder, and said "Let's slip in here."

The large door slowly closed behind us, and we were alone in an empty, and surprisingly clean public washroom.

She tugged on my arm again, and pulled me toward one of the stalls.

Once inside, she closed and locked the door before pressing her lips to mine. Her tongue darted in and out of my mouth, and her breathing became heavy.

"I hope you don't mind, but that painting has me so distracted. All I can think about is how incredible it feels with your lips and tongue on my pussy," she said as she pushed my hand into her yoga pants.

She wasn't wearing panties, and as my hand slid lower I could feel her swollen, soaking wet lips, and she moaned softly.

"So, I thought maybe I could thank you for how wonderfully you treat my pussy by giving you a blow job," her green eyes looked deeply into mine.

"Here?" I asked, somewhat surprised at her suggestion.

"Why not? There's nobody here, I'm horny as hell, and you sir, are hard as a rock," she said as her hand rested on the front of my pants.

Though not convinced that this was a good place to carry out such an act, the feeling of her hand tightening on my hard manhood as she again kissed me deeply, convinced me that I should just let go, and enjoy the moment.

She undid my belt buckle, unzipped my pants and let them fall around my ankles as she lowered herself to her knees.

It took everything I had to not moan loudly as she took the head of my cock into her mouth. Slowly she swirled her tongue around my cock head as she looked up at me with those intoxicating green eyes.

As she treated my cock head to a wonderful tongue massage, she began slowly stroking my shaft with one hand, and with the other she gently fondled my balls.

I moaned. I thought I had moaned softly, but the sound bounced off the steel walls of the stall, and I tensed briefly, again wondering if we should be doing what we were doing, in the place we were doing it in.

She coated my cock in saliva as she began taking my full length deep into her mouth. With her thumb and her index finger she circled my cock and stroked me as she bobbed her head up and down on my hardness.

I placed a hand on her still rain-soaked hair, causing a muffled groaning sound to escape her cock-filled mouth.

With my hand on her head, she increased her pace, sucking and stroking with a controlled rhythm that created a sensation that words simply cannot describe.

My head was lost in the moment until I heard the door to the restroom open. She heard it as well, causing us both to freeze. Neither of us moved. She didn't even pull my cock out of her mouth, and we tried to remain as silent as we could.

The person that had entered the restroom, used a urinal, and left without washing his hands – or noticing the four feet on the floor of our little stall.

As the door began closing behind him, she resumed her sucking and stroking. I wanted desperately to have her stand up so that I could slide my cock inside her wetness, but it was clear that she wanted to suck me until I exploded.

Suddenly she pulled my hard shaft from her mouth and looked up and me.

"This isn't exactly comfortable," she laughed and she stood up and sat on the toilet seat and turned me around to face her.

Once she was comfortable in the seated position, she wrapped her fingers around my throbbing cock and began stroking me. As she stroked she leaned in and licked the length of my shaft, leaving behind a trail of thick, warm saliva which she used to lubricate my cock as she stroked it.

I put both of my hands on her head as she was once again taking me fully into her mouth.

"Mmm hmmm," she moaned with my cock still in her mouth, "Yeah, fuck my face."

I held her head tightly as I began thrusting in and out of her mouth which was opened widely creating an extraordinarily stimulating loose, wet opening for my cock to slip in and out of. As stimulating as it was, I wanted to again feel her mouth wrapped tightly around my shaft. I grabbed a clump of her hair in my right hand, and I pushed hard on the back of her head with my other hand, and with a groan of excitement, her mouth tightened around my cock, and she sucked tightly as I continued to fuck her glorious mouth, just as I had her pussy before we had gotten out of bed that morning.

I was getting close to exploding, and from each of us, the moans and grunts were becoming louder, neither of us any longer concerned with the possibility of being caught.

My shaft hardened further, and my balls tensed as the explosion began. She drove my cock deep into her mouth, and I could feel her tongue pressing on the underside of my shaft as pulse after pulse of my hot, sticky fluid drove toward the opening of her throat.

She sucked tightly around my shaft as she slowly pulled my still throbbing member out of her mouth. She paused as the head of my cock was slipping from her lips and she ran her tongue over, and over the sensitive slit in my cock causing me to moan with satisfaction once again.

She smiled as she stood up and our eyes met.

"Was that a nice thank you for all of the times you have made my pussy explode with your wonderful mouth?" She asked as she kissed me deeply, her tongue dancing in my mouth.

"It certainly was," I said with a smile, "Now let's get you back to my place so I can put my mouth to work on you."

"Why can't you do that here?" she asked teasingly.

"Well...uhh..I suppose I ....."

Before I could finish she began pulling down her tight pants, revealing her hard, well toned lower body. She reached over my shoulder to place her pants on the hook on the stall door, before she stood on the toilet, placing her feet on either side of the toilet seat which spread her legs nicely.

I lowered my hand to her steaming wetness and gently stroked a finger back and forth along her clit. Her hands clung to the tops of the walls on either side of the stall, and she moaned as I slid my finger inside her.

My finger massaged her favourite spot as I kissed my way down her body, while my other hand massaged her right breast. When I reached her crotch, which she always kept shaved bald, I kissed the area around her swollen, pink lips as I increased the pace with my finger.

An excited yelp escaped her lips as my tongue found her wet lips, and I began flicking her clit with my tongue.

"Oh God yes, lick my pussy. Oh please lick my pussy the way that you do," she said while breathing heavily.

Slowly I lengthened the strokes of my tongue, running it from her clit all the way to the bottom of her pussy, gently and playfully flicking her anus before returning to her gloriously damp lips.

I reached behind her with both of my hands so that I could hold her hard ass while pressing her pussy into my face. She responded by gently grinding herself into me as my tongue darted around her.

Her dampness increased as she continued to grind, and my tongue dove as deeply inside her as it could. I playfully applied pressure to her clit with a sucking action, and she yelped, more loudly this time as her body began to tremor slightly as she built toward an orgasm.

"Oh yeah, that's it, just like that, I am so close," she whispered.

I worked my tongue against her swollen pussy and brought my right hand back around so that I could slide two fingers deep inside her.

She let go of the stall wall on her right side and held my head tightly, grinding hard into my face as her body tensed and began to shake before a wave of warm fluid began flowing over my open mouth. I drove my fingers deeper inside her and she moaned loudly as her body again began to shake and she released another orgasmic wave upon me.

Our movements stopped and we both remained still for a few moments before she climbed down from the toilet and put her pants back on.

We exited the stall, and like school kids trying to sneak out of a place they should not have been, we opened the door a crack and peeked out into the hallway. After confirming the coast was clear, we quickly exited the restroom and made our way down the stairs.

In the lobby, a gallery worker smiled at us, and said "Careful, it's wet out there today!"

"It was pretty wet in there too," she whispered to me as we exited the building, both smiling and giggling at our rainy day adventure.