 As far as Kaleen was concerned, it was just another night going to bed. Maybe we would make love, maybe we would not. But I new different. And I knew tonight would be exciting. 

She does not know that I am upstairs writing this story and getting very hard and excited thinking about her and what the night will bring. She does not know my plan for the day and what I plan to do to make this evening a little different, including the fact that she will be reading this very story to me when she finds it under her pillow when she crawls into bed.

As I mentioned, the night started as any other night. We climbed into bed and to Kaleen's surprise there was an envelope under her pillow. She said, "what's this?" And I suggested she open it and read it to me.

She seemed a little nervous at first but I could sense a level of excitement and I wondered if her pussy was reacting -- or if maybe her nipples got a little aroused at the thought of what might be ahead.

She then opened the envelope and this is what she read...

I am a happily married man and I often fantasize about my wife in different situations and think about what it would be like to have someone else in the act with us, whether it is a man or a woman, or both. For example, occasionally, when I make love to Kaleen or eat her sweet, sweet pussy I will put a finger or two in her mouth, which she receives with open lips, and imagine her sucking a nice hard cock as I lick her swollen clit and massage her breasts and stiff nipples. I wonder what she thinks as I am busy making her moan and grind. I wonder if she is enjoying the thought of a hard cock in her mouth as her pussy gets eaten just the way she likes it.

Tonight was no different. I had been thinking about eating her sweetness all day and I couldn't wait for the opportunity to strike. So as we got into bed and began to say our goodnights, I moved swiftly over to her and just began kissing her -- deep and passionately. Our tongues were feverishly exploring each others mouths and it wasn't long before her hand found my long hard cock and began gently rubbing its length. She stroked me for a good while as I massaged and kissed her round breasts, occasionally, and very gently, tweaking her nipples. As she continued to rub my now extremely hard dick, she felt a little bit of pre-cum with her for finger and let out a little "hmmm...," she gently took her forefinger and wiped up the clear fluid from the tip of my cock and licked it all with her soft tongue, which was really sexy and a true turn-on.

As she went back to working on my stiff dick she began kissing my ear like she loves to do, slowly working her way down my chest and belly until she reached my belly button and the head of my swollen cock, where she licked up more of the visible pre-cum. She began circling the head of my cock with her tongue, slowly taking more and more of my inches into her mouth. 

I have to say, Kaleen has the most perfect, soft and full lips that truly feel magical when she sucks me off.

As she took my length in and out of her mouth, she simultaneously massaged my balls. She moved her way around the bed so she was now positioned between my legs where she could really get all of me. She would switch between sucking my cock and balls, paying more attention to my stiff cock but really enjoying licking and sucking my balls as well.

Kaleen sucked me for a good while and I could tell it would not be long before I shot my load into her mouth. She started stroking me with her hands and sucking the head just right. With my dick in her mouth, I could see her massaging her large breasts as she gently pinched her nipples. I couldn't take it any more and then she took the full length and with a few full sucks I buried my cum deep in her mouth and she swallowed every drop.

God was I in heaven!!

After a moment, I looked at her and thanked her for making me feel so good and proceeded to tell her it was her turn.

I took her in my arms and kissed her full lips. I caressed her back and rubbed her breast as she gently eased herself back. I kissed my way down her soft breasts and across her belly. As I got just below her belly button I got the first whiff of her love juice - that familiar scent that drives me wild. Rubbing her inner thighs I kissed slowly down her lower belly onto her pubic mound until I reached her swollen clit. I rubbed it with my nose a little a gave her a gentle lick from the base of her vagina up to her clit, where I stayed and began slowly sucking and applying more pressure the way she likes it. Kaleen was already very excited let out a little a little "oh God..." and began rubbing the back of my head as I concentrated on her beautiful pussy.

As I pleasured my wife's vagina I ran my right hand up the length of her body and up to her mouth and slid my forefinger past her open lips. I continued eating her increasingly moist pussy while she slid my finger in and out of her mouth as if she was giving a killer blow job to a nice stiff cock. We did this just for a few minutes until I took my finger out, which did not make Kaleen happy. She said "no, no. I want more, put it back."

At this time, I put my finger back in her mouth while I reached down inside the covers on my side of the bed and pulled out the nice seven inch dildo I had bought earlier in the afternoon and carefully slid it up - concealing from her view - to her mouth. As I continued to quicken the pace of my licking on her now very wet pussy, I again removed my finger from her moist mouth, only this time quickly replacing it with the realistic cock I had bought for her. 

It didn't take long for Kaleen to warm up the idea of adding this realistic cock to our fun and begin sucking its head, which was just a little bigger than my cock (I thought she would like that). 

As I continued eating her pussy I was watching her suck on the cock. Our eyes met and I loved the fact that she was feeling so good and enjoying this new pleasure. Her pussy was getting wetter and wetter, I licked her clit faster and faster as she sucked the cock in and out of her mouth, I was squeezing her breasts and circling her nipples. It was truly one of the hottest times we had shared together. She began squirming as if she was going to cum so I inserted a finger in her pussy and gave a long hard suck to her clit as she circled the head of the dildo with her tongue. It was all she could take. With my finger in her pussy, my other hand on her breast, my tongue on her clit and the seven inch cock in her mouth, Kaleen came harder than ever before -- and she loved it. She layed paralyzed in pure ecstasy.

All of this action had gotten me so excited that my cock was once again rock hard and ready to go since I had time to recover from the killer blow job Kaleen had given me a short while earlier.

She was still quite sensitive from the thunderous orgasm she had just experienced, but as I moved on top of her she guided my cock into her wet and sensitive love hole. I started with long slow strokes, gently massaging her sensitive breasts and nipples. Whispering I love you in her ears as she began pushing her pussy towards my increasingly rapid strokes.

I closed my eyes for a while and made beautiful love to my wife -- just enjoying the togetherness of it all when I heard a quiet sucking noise. I raised my head and looked at Kaleen. She had picked up the dildo again and began sucking it off while I fucked her. What a turn on. I raised my self up and supported myself with my arms fully extended so I could watch her suck this real looking cock as I fucked her. She gazed sexily in my eyes as she took as much of the "strangers" cock as she could.

So there I was fucking my wife, watching her beautiful breast sway as I entered and exited her pussy; enjoying the site of my hard cock sliding in and out of her wet pussy -- and seeing her totally enjoy sucking the dildo. To make things that much hotter, while enthusiastically sucking the dildo Kaleen began rubbing her clit as I fucked her. She was in sexual heaven and moaning more and more heavily. I was on the verge of cumming again when she started off on another incredible orgasm herself. We fucked, sucked and rubbed really intensely for about two more minutes when we both let loose incredible orgasms and fell into each others naked bodies.

After experiencing something very new to both of us, we laid there together very happy, content and comfortable. She is a beautiful woman and I love her. This was a beautiful experience.