 I didn't have long to wait before being shown into Professor Larnham's office. The waiting time had been enough to increase my uncertainty. I wasn't a fully fledged psychologist and had really only taken a couple of years of an Open University course before I realised that I probably wasn't in that league. In spite of that, my experience with the opposite sex had led me into certain avenues of exploration.

I liked women, although I had always doubted whether there could be one that could hold my attention for a lifetime.

Now I was here, armed with my notes, entering the office of one of the leading sexologists in the country. How I'd ever been able to persuade him to meet me, I don't know. Maybe he thought I was a suitable case for treatment. And maybe he was right!

Professor Larnham was a tall, very thin man, with a lean, lined face and piercing green eyes, aged mid-fifties, I would have guessed. His office was large with long windows, but apart from the desk there was only a black leather sofa, a large filing cabinet, and three chairs.

"Good morning, Mr Siter. How can I help you?" His voice was deep, and I felt as those green eyes were probing into my brain as we shook hands.

I drew a breath, and told him of the personal studies I had been doing. His face instantly fell and had an expression that said, "Not another one?"

"What kind of study?" he asked with a tone of weariness, glancing at his watch.

Tentatively, I held up my notebook, "I have some findings listed here."

His head nodded irritably, "Go on."

"In all cases I've used the findings from ten different ladies" I started.

"Hardly a definitive sample," he observed, and waving his hand in the air added, "Well, get on with it. I won't stop you unless I have to."

I opened my notebook and began, "This has been going for about two years now. In the first instance I was interested in how a woman reacted to being totally naked in front of a man who was fully or partially dressed. It took some practice to find the best way of gaining that situation. But the final results indicated that three quickly covered themselves with arms across the breasts and hand over the --er-pubes"

Don't know why I hesitated at that indication, and a quick glance at the professor revealed a deep scowl. I went on, "Two dived for the cover of a bed sheet, two stood awkwardly while looking to me to know when I was going to strip off, two flung themselves wantonly on the bed, while the other one posed elegantly on the edge of the bed. Turned out she had been an artist's model."

The professor held up a hand, "Where did these events take place?"

"Seven of them in my flat, two in their place and one in a hotel room."

"It would be helpful if you qualified which of the reactions occurred in which location," the professor stated flatly. 

I nodded and told him, "The two more eager ladies were in their own flat, and the model was in the hotel room."

Professor Larnham shrugged, "Nothing too surprising there then. And you do realise these results would differ greatly if the ladies were in front of a stranger. Anyway, go on."

I drew a deep breath before going on to my next topic, "In this case nine were in my flat, and one was in a hotel room. And this part was most difficult because I was studying their reaction to a naked man being close up---but with a flaccid penis."

I wasn't sure but I thought I heard the professor groan. I had difficulty with this particular part of my research because remaining flaccid with a naked lady is quite a tall order, but remaining flaccid was not always essential. Initial reactions were more important.

"I had no problem in getting them to look at me, and they all eyed my member. It was when I asked them to touch that I got different results. Four said they could never touch a flaccid penis, although later while they were still aroused after orgasm, two of them were kissing it although it was flaccid once more. Two stroked it rather unwillingly, another two took it firmly in hand and flexed it until it was erect. Another pair stroked, and them ran their tongues along it. One actually took the limp member in her mouth and looked up at my face as I swelled on her tongue. Intriguing, that one."

Professor Larnham's green eyes were staring at me now, "You've been a very active young man," he commented. "Continue."

Encouraged, I went on, "Next it was reaction to an erect penis, and like the earlier trial, three said they needed to be somewhat aroused before they took a man in hand. Yet of the others, three were keen to stroke, squeeze, firmly jerk it, and mouth it as their passion rose, two had their mouths and tongues licking and kissing it, moving it up and squeezing it between their breasts, and two had it, almost eagerly, straight into their mouths."

Professor Larnham's head was nodding and he wore a strange smile, as he said, "You seem adept at choosing your samples. Were both of these tests the same sample."

"Oh, no--they were entirely different."

The narrow face creased in a half smile, "A very confident young man, aren't you? Is there much else?"

I told him of a section on which parts of their body they preferred initial touching, and how that changed as foreplay advanced, there was a section on foreplay in general, something on position and domination. Quite a range of areas still to cover.

"What work do you do, Mr Siter" He smiled, "Apart from teasing ladies?" I told him I was in an audit office where I worked as deputy chief accountant. I added that there were a number of nubile women working in the general office, always visible through the windows of my personal office. but that I was always careful to avoid any close contacts with them.

The professor sat silently for a few minutes, as though deep in thought. It made me feel slightly uncomfortable. At last, he said, "I admire your efforts, Mr Siter. All willing ladies, I note." The green eyes regarded me coolly. "Would your scheme work with less willing ladies?"

"It would be difficult," I admitted.

"Maybe impossible. Unless you're a Don Juan. And few of us are that, Mr Siter. Agree?"

Uncertain at where this was going, I agreed, and he went on, " "What would you say was the most important part of the body in sexual congress?"

No more confident, I cautiously replied, " Genitalia?"

The professor looked dubious, and his hand came up to tap the side of his head. "Up here, Mr Siter. The brain governs everything else. How we move, how we think, how we feel. Why not how we govern the divine experience?"

He opened a drawer to his right and took out what at first looked like a complex of wires, but when he spread it out on the table I saw a small black box, not much bigger than a match box, with a power lead on one end and a USB lead on the other. Rather like a miniature external hard drive. A separate piece looked like a pair of earphones, on a lead that had a small T-shaped plug

"Fascinated?" Professor Larnham queried, a gentle smile playing at the corners of his mouth. "This is where I would appreciate your assistance. It's what I call Zed-box. No real reason for the name, but I'd like you to test it for me."

"Why me?" I asked

"Because it will need someone who can at least attract the ladies."

I noticed how the professor only ever referred to 'ladies' and rarely, if ever, to 'women'. So we weren't that different. 

He patted the pieces lying on his desk, "This is something which I trust will prove that it is the brain that controls the emotions, the libido. That--" he said, indicating the black box,"--plugs into the mains and the standard USB goes into your computer. You do have a good quality computer?"

"A laptop, but high megabyte."

"Good. You'll need it. I think you'll find that this," and he held up the plug fitted to the earphones, " will fit into one of the exit plugs on your machine."

He went on to explain and demonstrate that they were not actually earphones, but fitted just behind the ears, held in position because of the flexible band between them. They were meant to grip around the back of the head.

He pushed the equipment across the desk towards me. I picked up the piece that had looked like earphones and saw that the ends were some kind of aluminium metal.

"Don't think this is going to be an easy task, Mr Siter. I have to put certain restrictions in your way."

"Restrictions?"

He nodded, "First, as far as possible the ladies must be unwilling to succumb to your charms. Must have made clear that they'll come back for coffee, but nothing else. The test is useless with a willing partner. That's it's whole point, to break down barriers."

"I see," I said, without being totally clear about the whole thing. "But how do I get them to put on this unknown contraption."

Professor Larnham gave another rather whimsical smile as he said, "Again that is going to depend on your skill with the ladies. What subterfuge you use is entirely up to you. Oh, and as little alcohol as possible should be involved."

He produced a small cardboard box into which he placed the contraption, before handing it over. "You should get some pleasure out of this testing. I'll give you a few weeks and then you can let me know how it has gone."

As I moved to the door, Professor Larnham called, "Oh, and Mr Siter, should you get curious before you have your first lady, try it out on yourself. You may be surprised."

So, it seemed I was set for a most interesting period of experimentation involving the female sex, and my first problem was going to be finding the ladies who would declare themselves unavailable sexually, but who would be willing to come back to my flat for coffee.

I was a working man by day, so I could see I would have to haunt my favourite clubs and bars more frequently. I already knew that in the past I had encountered quite a few friendly but unwilling ladies. So maybe I would be lucky in my hunt.

It took me over a week to find my first candidate (or 'handy date', if I want to be facetious). But before that happened, my curiosity had got the better of me, and, one night I had connected the professor's little black box to my laptop, plugged it into the wall socket. For a moment or two I sat on the sofa, holding the earphone section in my hands, before reaching up and sliding it round the back of my head, so that the each cap was behind each ear

Apart from the grip of the plugs there was no immediate effect. No buzzing, pulsing, or any sensation at all. After about five minutes, I was beginning to hope that it would evoke a better reaction for a woman. But then, about ten minutes in, there came a rising warmth in my groin, and I found myself thinking about high points in my sessions with various women; the smooth roundness of a warm breast, the incredible sensation of my fingers along an inside thigh, the joy of my tongue lapping an eager clitoris.

Suddenly I found I had a massive erection bulging my pants. The longing to have a woman in my arms, vibrant and responsive, was overwhelming. Quickly I pulled the points from behind my ears, but the urges remained. God, I was longing for Angela's moistness, for Janet's lips on my body, Raquel's tongue teasing around my cock, all of it. My need was so intense I was on the verge of heading for the bathroom to relieve the pounding of my erection. I hadn't needed that kind of relief for so long. But I resisted, and in about half an hour the pressure eased, and I was left realising what powerful technology I had at my disposal.

So, to that first candidate. I was in one of the more high class night clubs where I had always sensed that women went to find a rich husband. Well, I was no way near that specification --yet. There were a few women who appeared to be together and only the occasional solo. At last I noticed a dark haired, trim-waisted lady, seated alone at the bar. To her left was another young woman who was in deep conversation with a man on her left, but to her right was an empty seat. I walked casually to it.

"Is anyone sitting here?" I asked quietly.

A pair of dark eyes looked at me openly, and her head shook, "Not as far as I know."

I sat, ordered a whiskey Mack and turned as though viewing the room. The lady was wearing a dark blue dress that zipped up the back, and showed a fair amount of cleavage. She had high cheek bones and she really was a good looking lady. I almost smiled to think I needed her to be reluctant, yet, I had realised if she was easy then I could score anyway.

In a very short time we were in good humoured conversation, had exchanged names, she was Rita, and I learned that she only ever had one single cocktail on nights like this. We covered news of the day, clubs and bars we had frequented, and onto flat ownership and efforts we had each made at improvement. I told her of the new walk-in wardrobe I had just had added to my bedroom.

"Oh, that's something I've always wanted in mine. If you don't mind me asking, was it expensive?"

It was at that moment that a rather exuberant group of men and women came in, obviously some kind of celebratory party. I was a little surprised that the management had let them in, but there they were, noisy and boisterous.

"Oh, hell, I choose my places for their quiet ambience. I hate sitting in this kind of atmosphere." Rita said agitatedly.

Here was my chance. "Look," I said, putting on my innocent face, "I know we've just met, but I don't live far away, and I make a mean pot of coffee, if you'd like to see the wardrobe." And now I set the agenda, by holding up my open palms and saying, "No strings attached."

Her dark eyes looked at me warily, "Well, you say that, but let me make this clear. I've enjoyed your company, I'd like to see the wardrobe, and enjoy a coffee and maybe further conversation. But I'm not a first date person, not even a second date, no kissing, no touching. You understand?"

"I understand that very well. I will in no way impose myself upon you. Okay?" Here was the kind of challenge that would please Professor Larnham. And I would not impose myself, but was eager to see if the reverse happened.

In no time I'd found a taxi and we'd taken the brief ride to the cosy block where my flat was on the third floor. In the cab, I noticed how she deliberately kept herself firmly against the door, well away from me.

Inside the flat, she admired my decor and furnishings and when I offered to take her coat she said, rather brusquely, "I can manage, thank you." So I could see what I was up against. But she allowed me to hang her coat behind the main door, before going to the window to admire the view across the city.

I deliberately directed her to a seat on the sofa, by the coffee table, on which I had the equipment laid out permanently. I had decided that female curiosity could be as good a way as any to get them interested. She took a seat and tucked her dress tightly around her knees. No entry. the action said.

"I'll won't be long," I told her, and went through to the kitchen, and while I was making the coffee I listened to hear if she noticed the small box. 

As I carried the steaming mugs through, she called, "What on earth it this?" And there she was holding the headpiece in her hands, looking at it, a puzzled frown lining her brow. I'd reached another step. 

I placed the mugs on place mats on the table, and said with as much casualness as I could muster, "Oh, I have a scientist friend who asked me to test it for him."

"But what is it for?"

"He said it was intended to sharpen brain power."

She laughed, a quite attractive sound, "Have you tried it?"

"Oh, yes, " I said boldly. "I'm a genius now."

She laughed again, then looked uncertain, "But surely these aren't earphones?"

"No, they fit behind each ear."

She was busy flexing the band, so I told her, "Just place the band around the back of your head, and adjust so the discs are neatly behind each ear."

"Can I try?"

Oh, God, yes. " Please do, " I said with a calmness that I wasn't feeling.

I watched as she carefully snuggled the band over her hair, and moved her long hair back to fit the end pieces behind her ears. Now I really paid attention.

"There's no feeling, no tingling," she said.

"No, it's perfectly safe that way." But I was studying her face closely, as her expression changed from questioning, to uncertainty, and then to some kind of surprise, as her hands rose as though to remove the set. But then they dropped to her lap, where, fingers spread, they slowly slid up and down her thighs.

Did I see her chest heave? The generous bosom appeared to be taking in extra air. Then her right hand stopped moving on her thigh, her eyes turned towards me, and that hand slid across the gap between us, as she shuffled closer across the sofa.

"Could I ask you to kiss me?" The question, the way it was asked was quite unexpected. Of course, I had no way of knowing how the reactions to this thing would manifest themselves.

I leaned towards her, taking in the gentle lavender aroma of her, and as I placed my lips on hers, her tongue was instantly searching for mine. It wasn't a desperate kiss. It was full on, natural, and searching. Our tongues wrestled for quite a while, and I was aware of her fingers on my thigh, and I suddenly realised that I hadn't evolved what moves I might make in this situation. So, for the time being I decided it might be best to let her lead.

When we kissed, I had placed my hands on her upper arms, but now she twisted her body so that my right hand moved over her breast, and I couldn't resist giving a gentle squeeze. And I knew I wouldn't be able to go on for long with her just leading, already I felt my erection beginning to bulge my pants.

She moved in closer now and one hand was unbuttoning my shirt, when I heard a slapping noise and realised that her movement had dislodged the headband. Now what would happen?

"Hell, I forgot I had that stupid thing on," she gasped, and her hand slipped inside my shirt sending tingling messages to my groin. "How strange. But I do feel affectionate tonight. Don't you want me?"

Before I could reply her other hand had dropped to my lap, and smoothed over the bulge of my erection. "Oh, you do. Good."

"Would you like to be more comfortable?" I asked, with a slight nod towards the bedroom.

"Oh, yes, I would like that." she exclaimed, so it seemed that the contacts created the impulses but could then be discarded. Hadn't I found that myself? Moving into the bedroom might risk giving her time to cool off, but I took that risk and led her to my bed.

"Is that the wardrobe?" she whispered, nodding at the mirrored sliding doors. "Oh, later." And she was tugging at my belt buckle as I unfastened the zip down her back. In no time, it seemed we were standing together totally naked, my erection pressed against her belly, while my mouth slid along the side of her neck. My hands clutched at her perfectly formed buttocks.

Then we fell sideways on to the bed, as she murmured, "It's so long since I felt this way. You must have secret powers."

So she was not associating her actions with the equipment. Well done, Professor. My hands stroked over each of her breasts as I eased her onto her back, and leaned over her to mouth the wonderful swell of her bosom, licking and tickling each pink tipped nipple.

"Oh, hell, " she moaned breathily. "I want everything at once, all of it." And she was half rising to reach down to grasp my erection.

"Touch me down there," was her next instruction.

In that situation my usual technique would have been the slow course of my hands over breast, belly, hips. before touching the pubic area, teasing before moving into that secret succulent groove. But as I began that process she grabbed at my hand and pulled it downwards, "Touch me now."
