 This series of short stories chronicles the journey of Ashleigh and her friend Danielle, as they explore their sexuality, and progress from teenage sex to the wider reaches of sexual behaviour. They are written from different points of view, to give insight into how the experiences influence the individual characters.

Read the whole set of stories for a better understanding of the characters' motivation and personality, and watch their exploits unfold with people of both sexes, in single and group situations and within their families.

*

My mobile phone rang. I didn't answer. I just sat up on my bed and listened. The deep breathing started. It got faster and deeper and went on and on. I began to panic and wonder if it was a mistake.

"Is that you Dylan?"

"Of course it is, you pussy ... how many other men do you get leering down the phone at you?"

"I just needed to check."

"Are we still on for tomorrow night, Dani?"

"We are if you tell me what's going to happen."

"First, I'm going to strip all your clothes off ... when I get you naked, I'll get my hands all over your tits and your cunt and your arse."

"That sounds good ... what's next?"

"Then I fuck you with all my might ... and cum in every hole ... and over your lovely tits."

"I'm going to swallow your dick ... and only spit it out when I can't breathe ... because you've filled my mouth with cum."

It went quiet again, with deep breathing in the background. "Are you wanking?" I asked.

"You talk so fucking sexy ... it's enough to make anyone wank."

"Have you got any pictures of yourself?"

"What ... like holiday snaps?"

"No you idiot ... pictures of you wanking."

"Wait a minute and I'll take some," he said. The phone went dead for a while. It bleeped. I stabbed at the buttons in my anxiety to see the picture.

"I like that," I said, studying the photograph of his hand wrapped around his erect penis, which looked so big because he'd shaved his pubes. "I can't wait to wrap my lips around it and feel it inside my cunt."

"You are a very dirty girl, Dani."

"Wait ... I'll send you a picture ... it'll be with you in no time."

I made the sexiest pose I could think of and photographed myself, making sure to get my tits into the shot but not my face. I took a few, chose the best, and sent it. I expected an immediate response. Nothing happened. My phone stayed quiet. I began to think it hadn't arrived. Then I heard the deep breathing again. I expected him to speak. He didn't. The breathing got louder. Then I realised what was going on.

"You're still wanking ... you fucking bastard."

"What do you expect when you send me a picture of your fucking lovely tits ... with your fingers stuck up your cunt? It's doing my head in."

"I love masturbating ... then I lick my fingers after I cum," I said, smiling to myself as I did his head in even more.

"You're at it again," he said then let out a loud gasp at the other end of the phone, which reverberated in my ear. 

"You've cum haven't you?"

"I've needed that all day, Dani."

"Send me a picture of your cum, you fucking bastard."

A few moments later, I was looking at a photo of cum splattered across his lower abdomen, with more dribbling down his still-erect dick.

My phone bleeped as another text message came in. It was from Ashleigh. She'd go hysterical if she knew what her brother and I were doing. Her news looked good, so I decided to turn Dylan off until the next night.

"Got to go ... roll on tomorrow ... we'll get along famously ... don't be late," I said to Dylan. He said his goodbyes and I knew the next night wouldn't come quickly enough for either of us.

I switched my attention to Ashleigh's text, and prepared myself for a night of torrid girl-on-girl action brought on by her Brazilian waxing.

That was yesterday. Today, I endured hours working on the checkout at the supermarket, only managing to take a quick look at the pictures of Dylan's prick in my breaks. They made me hot under my uniform -- tuning my body up for another night of sex and adventure while my parents were away.

After work, I had a long bath and relaxed while I shaved my cunt, trying to get to every hair and make it as smooth as Ashleigh's after her Brazilian waxing. Then I massaged cream into my shaven mound and just managed to stop myself from masturbating -- to hold on to the lusty feeling for what was to come later.

The doorbell rang. I switched off the TV and checked myself in the mirror: lots of plastered on lipstick and eye makeup; short skirt; no bra, high heels. Exactly the effect I wanted. I slipped off my knickers and hid them behind a cushion. Excitement gripped me. Everything seemed perfect for the moment I'd looked forward to for days. 

Despite the intimacy of our telephone sex sessions, I'd hardly seen Dylan for a year. He looked how I remembered: tall with good shoulders; large hands; dark hair ending in wispy curls now he'd let it grow longer; a square cut chin covered in stubble; eyes so brown they looked black in some lights; a deep voice; a wide smile from generous lips that reminded me of his sister Ashleigh

He didn't say anything when I opened the door. There was no need. We both knew what he came for. He looked as anxious to get on with it as I felt. We nodded and smiled as he entered the house.

"I want you to fuck the arse off me," I whispered as I held the door open and his ear passed close to my mouth. My heart pounded. My temperature rose. I felt giddy. 

My remark didn't change his expression, which was hardly surprising after the sensational sex messages we'd exchanged over the previous few days -- telling each other how we lusted after the other's body and how we longed to fuck each other to a standstill -- and the pictures of the previous night. 

Looking me up and down, a smirk crossed his face when he noticed I wasn't wearing a bra. His top lip rose slightly on the right side of his face. My nipples were on stalks, perfectly outlined by the flimsy material of my cheap, white top, slung by strings from my shoulders. 

"That's what I like about you, Danielle ... you're a fucking sex maniac."

"Did you enjoy the sexts I sent you?"

"I enjoyed wanking over that picture with your fingers up your cunt."

"If I had a sister who's so up for sex as Ashleigh ... I'd be fucking her ... not giving myself a hand job," I said, looking straight into his eyes, daring him to deny it. He didn't.

"Are we going to stand here looking at each other all night?" he asked, offering me a bottle of white wine as a present.

"You're all the present I want tonight," I said, taking the wine and turning my back on him to lead the way into the sitting room. I wanted him to check out the shortness of my denim skirt, cut down specially to show off the cheeks of my bottom. I wondered if he could spot I wasn't wearing any knickers.

There was no need to worry. Within seconds, he was clawing at my top from behind, dragging me back towards him. I made token resistance before turning to face him. He was like a man with ten hands -- inside my clothes and all over my tits and up my cunt and grabbing my arse and clasping me to him while our mouths slobbered together and our tongues fought like cats in a sack.

I love sex. You look forward to having sex with someone for days and can't think about anything else and fantasise about what he'll do to you and get excited about what you'll do to him. When you meet up, lust takes over and you rip each other's clothes off in your desperation to get naked. Then you're all over each other -- sucking and fucking and moving on to the next thing without finishing the first -- in the mad rush to do everything at once.

Dylan pushed me down, half on the settee and half on the floor. He stuck his dick inside my cunt from behind, fucking me with my head over the arm of the chair. His thrusts were so violent, the settee moved across the carpet beneath me. I pushed my arse upwards and back into him, our bodies slapping together when they met.

Then, I fucked his knob-end with my mouth while wanking at his length. I licked down his ten inches, intending to suck his balls -- but he was so hard they had disappeared up inside the base of his dick, to form a continuous member of solid man-meat.

The frenzy continued. Hands went everywhere again. He grabbed my ankles and pulled my arse to the edge of the settee and opened my legs to expose my cunt.

"I love shaved cunt ... much better to suck and fuck."

"I wanked myself off last night looking at the picture of your dick covered in cum, Dylan," I said, but didn't tell him his sister watched me do it.

"A slut like you needs a regular fuck."

"It's the biggest dick I've ever seen."

"I'm going to take more pictures of your cunt before I'm finished," he said, positioning his dick against my labia and pushing into me. Within seconds, his knob-end was hitting the back of my womb, taking my breath away with each stoke.

The settee moved again as he pulled out almost completely and pounded into me up to the hilt and repeated it, building up a rhythm, building up speed. I synchronised with his movement, grinding my cunt into him every time he reached maximum depth inside me, both of us snorting like horses on the charge.

It couldn't last long. The frenzy had to give. I was near to orgasm but knew I'd never reach it from penetration alone. So, he had to cum first. He started to gasp. He fucked me faster. Sweat ran down his hair and flew off into my face. I knew it was close. Then I felt warm liquid pumping inside me as he let out a long moan to signal the end.

He fell forward on top of me. I rolled him onto his back and removed his dick from inside me. Warm cum oozed from my cunt, cooling as it ran down my leg. I moved up over him, dribbling more cum onto his chest as I shuffled up to his mouth. 

The heaviness of his breath on my soaking cunt nearly got me to the orgasm I so wanted -- but not quite. He stuck out his tongue to lick at the cream pie of my cunt before searching for my clit. I turned to find his dick with my mouth. The spicy smell of his cum, mixed with the fragrance of my juices, took me closer to climax.

I lay on top of him in soixante-neuf: him sucking my clit and eating his own cum from my cunt; me licking his dick clean before swallowing as much of his length as I could; cum spread out to cover the space between his chest and my body; both of us drenched in sweat. 

The wave of contraction started in my clit. It spread across my lower abdomen and round to my arsehole. The whole area began to spasm. I could take no more. As the orgasm shuddered through me, I disengaged from his dick to let out a scream that echoed around the house. 

Dylan could have imagined I'd not had an orgasm for days. He didn't know his sister had given me several during the previous night. Not that it mattered -- you can never have too many -- and the latest orgasm always feels the best.

The tension eased from my body and I sank onto his, his dick in my hand, within inches of my face. I drifted into that sleep-like world known only to girls just after they climax -- a world impossible to reach by any other route -- a world of bliss -- a world where your body is sensitive to the gentlest touch -- a world where you want to live forever.

"You've learnt ... a lot about ... how to satisfy ... a girl ... since last time," I said between breaths, as I came back down to earth.

"And you're sucking cock like a porn star," he said to my cunt.

"You can do anything you want to me."

"I love fucking sluts like you ... who're never satisfied until their cunts are so sore they can't take any more."

"I bet I can keep going for longer than you, Dylan."

"It's easy for girls ... they don't have a cock to keep erect."

"You're doing a fair job so far," I said, watching his erection recover in front of my face. I pushed back his foreskin with my lips and sucked on his knob-end and then sucked his balls to make him fully erect again.

His length slid across my tongue, gagging me on its journey down my throat. I tried to reach my lips to the base of his dick but he was too big. Saliva dribbled down my chin and onto his legs, like cum. Then I sucked him like I'd never sucked before, wanking him at the same time.

"Come here, you dirty twat," he said, lifting me up off the floor and throwing me onto the settee and grabbing my ankles and opening my legs as wide as they would go. "I need another go at your cunt."

He pushed two of his large fingers inside me, quickly increasing this to three when he realised my cunt was big enough to take them. After finger fucking me for an age, he pushed the fourth finger hard into me.

"Yeh, give me more of that, Dylan," I said holding his hand tight against me, forcing myself against him, cunt juice gushing.

He snorted and laughed and pushed his thumb against my clit without changing rhythm. I felt my clit swell as he worked on it. Then, it was all change again as he extracted his hand and pushed his fingers into my mouth for me to savour the taste of spring flowers and sweat and a hint of spice left from his cum.

His mouth descended onto my soaking wet twat. He drank his fill of juice and looked at me and licked his lips before going in for more. His tongue worked on my labia as he sucked and bit at my clit. Another wave of contractions started. It made my head swim. I laid back and left him to it.

In no time, I reached a second climax -- not bad going, seeing as it felt as if he'd only just arrived. I didn't hold back and the noise of my satisfaction filled the room. The orgasm swam through my body, making me gasp for breath as if I'd just finished a hundred metres sprint.

I expected to rest and recover slowly, like the first time. Dylan had other ideas. He didn't wait for the contractions in my cunt to stop. He kept going -- sucking and licking and biting as if nothing had happened.

"Dylan ... stop ... I can't take any more," I said.

He ignored my pleas. If anything, his tongue lashed faster, and he sucked stronger and he bit harder. I fought him, wanting him to stop, needing him to stop. I pleaded again. He kept going. I felt another climax coming but felt as if I couldn't take it. 

My body pushed against him as if it had a mind of its own -- as if it knew what was coming and intended to make the most of the opportunity. 

The orgasm hit me. It felt like no other I'd ever had before. Not even Ashleigh had made me cum so strongly -- and so loudly.

I didn't realise how tense my body had become until I collapsed back into the settee. My cunt went into a spasm and the whole of my lower abdomen twitched uncontrollably. I let out a long low sigh. 

Dylan continued. I begged him to stop. It made no difference. He kept at it: sucking and licking and biting and rolling my clit between his lips. I didn't think my body could take any more. I fought against him. It made no difference. 

Then, I went through some sort of barrier -- and there was no way I wanted him to stop. Another orgasm swept through me. This time, Dylan kept going and going. I was too far away to protest. 

Orgasms flooded through me, one after another. I lost all understanding of where I was and who I was, drifting through a continuum that took over my existence.

I felt him roll away from me, but didn't care about anything or anyone. Drunk with ecstasy, the room was swaying. My brain, my body, my nipples, my cunt were throbbing. My hands were trembling. My legs were shaking. My toes were curling and uncurling. My toenails ached.

I became aware of Dylan propped up on his elbow, watching me. His heavy breath wafted across my tits and I shuddered as it produced another orgasm. I didn't believe it was possible. I tell you: it is.

"You OK?" he asked.

It was a while until I could answer. "What did you do to me?"

"I've never seen anyone react like that before."

"You have a special gift, Dylan ... nobody gives orgasms like you."

"I'm pleased you liked it."

"I'll never get another better than that ... you can come back whenever you like."

"I like," he said, pulling my nipple ring in his direction, with me behind it. He took my nipple, the ring and a large slice of my tit into his mouth and sucked at it. My body was so exhausted; I fell on top of him. 

My tits spread over his face. It was his turn to splutter as he fought to breathe. I should have released him, but didn't. I let him thrash around and ground my tits further into his face. He pushed me off and I landed half on the settee and half on the floor -- both of us laughing like crazy people.

"Give me a pose," he said, holding his mobile phone ready to take a shot.

"Keep my face out of it ... I don't trust you ... anyone could see it ... I don't want to be recognised." 

He nodded.

"You must send me copies, too."

He nodded again. I recognised the lust rising in him as I started to pose. I laid back and pulled open my cunt with both hands so he could see inside me. The camera clicked. I placed a finger inside my cunt. The camera clicked again. I pushed two fingers inside. Click. Three fingers. Click. I moved them around to different angles. Click. Click. Click.

I changed position and pushed my arse towards him. Click. 

I pulled on my arse cheeks so he could take a picture of my arsehole and cunt together. Click.

I pushed a finger inside my cunt from underneath. Click. Then I added another, this time up my arsehole. Click. Click. 

His dick was rock hard. He pushed it past my finger and into my cunt from behind, leaning back. Click. 

He withdrew and turned me around and offered his dick to my mouth. I licked at it. Click.

I wrapped my lips around his knob-end. Click.

I took a good length inside my mouth. Click.

"Wank me with your mouth, you fucking bitch," he ordered. "I want to take a video clip."

So I did and he filmed me. Then it was back to sucking and fucking again. He fell on my cunt like a man possessed by porn demons, anxious to keep up the momentum of the sex. This time, his hand went between my legs and his finger traced a figure of eight around my arsehole. Click.

He stopped licking my cunt and his tongue went further south until it reached my arsehole. He pushed against me, layering on loads of spit. The thrill of having the sensitivity of my anus tongued sent waves of lust through me. I wanted more. I wanted the ultimate. 

I grabbed the phone and turned the camera on him as he wetted my arsehole with saliva. Click.

Then his finger dipped into the spit and moved in circles around my arsehole before penetrating me. Click. 

I felt him push it up my arse. Click. 

Two fingers went inside me. He nailed me hard -- finger fucking me up the arse. Click. Click.

"Fuck me up the arse, Dylan," I said, anxious to move on to the main agenda. The phoned dropped to the floor with a clatter.

He positioned me on all fours, spread across the settee, and I felt something cold and oily being spread around my arsehole. I don't know where it came from. I looked around as he wanked some into his dick and felt him place his erection against my arsehole.

A few shoves and partial withdrawals and a few more shoves and shouts of encouragement and gasping, and his dick became fully embedded up my arse. My muscles tightened around his length as he held it there, waiting for me to relax before starting the onslaught.

I love the feeling of an erect cock inside my arse. I feel special, like I'm the only one who dares to experiment with extreme sex. I know it's not true, but don't care -- I like doing things other women would never entertain.

My arsehole relaxed as it grew accustomed to being impregnated with ten inches of solid dick. Dylan began to fuck me, slowly at first, responding to the tightness. He built up the speed and energy behind each thrust, until his dick was pounding me just as hard as it did earlier, up my cunt.
