 Alexis didn't know where else to turn in this moment, so she had headed toward Ashley's apartment off campus. She didn't know what else to do. They were sisters, but sometimes it seemed like the two and a half years between them had turned into many more. Alexis was barely conscious of the fact that it was Friday, it was October, and it was afternoon.

Ashley was a junior, twenty-one, and had embraced her experimental side in college. Alexis didn't know what she was up to most of the time. She had followed her sister to college as a freshman two months ago, thinking her sister could help her discover herself. She had tried, taking her to a raging party the first weekend she was there, but it just made Alexis nervous. She was eighteen, and scared to get in trouble. She barely even drank at that party.

Sometimes it seemed like Alexis just didn't know what to do with herself, and now was one of those times. Her boyfriend, the one she had been dating since she was a senior in high school, had cheated on her and had cared about honesty in their relationship so much that he called her the next day and admitted it, leaving it up to Alexis what happened with their relationship. Alexis was devastated and just started walking aimlessly ombré general direction of Ashley's apartment, making the apartment her official destination when she was about halfway there.

Alexis was soon knocking on Ashley's door, and it was opened by a surprised older sister. Ashley wore just a bra and a short zip-up hoodie and a pair of leggings when she opened the door, and the hoodie wasn't even zipped. Ashley, feigning a hint of modesty, partially zipped up the hoodie and invited Alexis inside, the short hoodie leaving about three inches of exposed midroff, including her pierced navel, and the zipper stopping short of covering her bra. Ashley smiled to herself a little as she realized the zipper had only come up as high as two inches below her bra, leaving the garment and her cleavage exposed. Alexis, for her part, would not have ever been caught wearing anything like that - not even in her own dorm room with only her roommate as company.

At first, Alexis had wanted to live with her sister, but Ashley and her parents objected. Ashley had convinced her parents that she really needed to spend a year in the dorms to get the whole "college experience," whatever that meant. Her parents probably just wanted to save a few dollars, at least for a year. So Alexis lived in a dorm room with some strange girl from halfway across the country, and Ashley lived with her hand-picked roommate.

"Hi, Alexis!" Ashley said, surprised, after opening the door. She gave Alexis a big hug, squeezing her exposed cleavage against Alexis' more covered body. Both girls were brunette, looked like they had tanned twice a week even if they didn't, and had brown eyes."how's everything been?" She asked.

"I don't know what to do, Ashley," she replied. "He - he cheated on me." Tears began to roll down her cheeks as the impact of the words she had spoken touched her heart. "I love him, but he cheated on me - i don't know whether to try to work it out or just end it, or something else, you know, but it's just - why would he do this?!" Alexis started to sob as her sister did her best to comfort her.

"Well, were you two in an open relationship or something?" Said Ashley.

"A what?"

"An open relationship."

"What do you mean?"

"Well, um...it's like a normal boyfriend-girlfriend relationship, only both people agree that instead of being exclusive, they can sleep with other people too."

"So it's like having a boyfriend but going out and having sex with other guys on the side? And vice versa?" Said Alexis. "I don't get it - If you are sleeping with other people, what's the point?"

"Well, you get a lot of the good things you have in a relationship - emotional support, a shoulder to cry on, someone to spend Valentine's Day and holidays with, and to surprise you on your birthday - without all the restrictions."

"Restrictions?" Alexis asked.

"Sexual restrictions. You know, expectations that you are going to sleep with this person and only this person. That way you can still be young and free and experiment and try new things. Learn what it's like to have sex with different people. Learn how to please different people."

"Sounds like a way for people to sleep around and not get totally busted for it," said Alexis.

"Well, yeah, but not like that. I mean, say you had a boyfriend for the last two years. You are young, sexy, adventurous. You don't want him to tie you down, sexually, metaphorically I mean - you want to experience other people too. You don't want to get into your thirties and all of the sudden wish you would have slept around more in college, so you both agree to do it now, with the understanding that you will both do it and maybe even talk about it after."

"Have you ever been in one of those?" Alexis asked bluntly.

"Y- yes, I have, actually," Ashley said, smiling. She was glad to finally get a chance to talk about sleeping with guys, lost of guys, hoping it would encourage Alexis to loosen up a little once she noticed how much fun it was for Ashley. "I think he took advantage of it more than I did," she continued, "although I did too a few times. But it didn't last and we broke up a while back."

Ashley didn't know whether to tell Alexis the whole story or not. She didn't want to scare off her little sister, and risk losing a chance to talk her into hooking up at random - her first journey into the slut lifestyle Ashley had and hoped Alexis would join her in in the near future. She thought about how her ex had used her as a backup girl, trying to sleep with someone else every night before coming back to Ashley on nights when his exploits failed. Ashley thought about how used that made her feel, and how she had been turned on by it for a few weeks and let it continue.

Then Ashley thought about the other side of the relationship, her side - about how after a few weeks she had turned the tables, tearing up campus for a couple weeks and sleeping with anything that would take her, just to prove a point. Then she slept with her boyfriend's best friend, and then she dumped him. But now was not the time to tell Alexis these things - she wanted to draw her into her inner circle, not scare her off.

"Wow, ok then," said Alexis as Ashley finished her thoughts. She was amazed that her sister would agree to such an arrangement. But for Alexis, this was not the time to ask too many questions about her sister's exploits - it was a time to try to figure out the mess of a relationship she was in. "Well, anyway, what would you do if you were me? What do you think I should do?"

"Oh, I would go hook up with somebody first. You know, give him a taste of his own medicine. Then, when he begs for forgiveness, you dump him. That's what I would do anyway, not sure if it's right for you. But if it helps, I find that sometimes the best way to forget about one guy is hooking up with another one - when the situation is right, I mean."

"Well I - I don't know if I want to do that. I mean, I've only ever slept with two guys, and I don't want to go be a huge slut and sleep with someone just to prove a point or get back at him. I love him anyway - loved him - not sure if I still do."

"Well then come out to a party with me tonight, and have a couple drinks, blow off some steam, if you meet a cute guy, maybe make out - no pressure to hook up if it's not your thing. What do you think, do you want to come?"

"I'll think about it," said Alexis as she sat down on the couch. She went to a party with Ashley once, on her first weekend at college, and it was a little too wild for her. On the other hand, watching people get wild might just take her mind off of Connor. Maybe tomorrow she would be in a better state of mind to talk to him. And a couple drinks did sound nice.

"It's a Halloween party," said Ashley. Lots of people will be dressed up," she said. "Not everybody does though, but just in case you were interested." She looked over at Alexis, who was half-sitting and half-lying on the couch, motionless. Ashley knew she was having a rough time and decided to leave her alone until it was time to get ready to go.

********************************

"Wake up! Party time!" Ashley half-sang in alexis' ear. She had been asleep for a couple hours, and before that, she had just moped and laid around on the couch. "You've been on that couch all day," said Ashley. "You want to go out and have some fun?" 

"Sure," said Alexis, having considered it a little more.

"Well, you aren't going to wear THAT, are you?" Said Ashley, looking at Alexis' loose hoodie that was at least a size too big. "Come on, if you don't want to go all the way back to your dorm room, you can wear something of mine." Ashley motioned for her to come into her bedroom.

"Great," Alexis thought as she walked slowly into the bedroom, wiping the crust from her eyes and blinking her eyes to try to bring them into focus. "All of her clothes are so slutty!" 

"Ok, like I said, this is Halloween," said Ashley. "So you have a lot of different options, really. You can dress up, or not, or just wear something cute and sexy. Let's see...I have a nurse, a schoolgirl, and a cheerleader costume if you want to dress up, maybe a couple more but I'd have to look. Basically other than that, all my going-out type clothes are right here; here are the tops, you could wear one with the jeans you have on, or pick out a skirt or some shorts or a tight pair of jeans or something."m

Alexis looked at the clothes for a moment, not sure what to do. There were too many choices, and looking at he costumes and the tops Ashley had pointed to, Alexis began to wonder if she was going to make it out of the apartment without two-thirds of her stomach exposed, along with her legs all the way to her upper thigh. "What do you - what are you wearing?" Alexis asked.

"Well, I was thinking about wearing that," said Ashley, pointing to an outfit hanging on the closet door. It was a very short black skirt, probably spandex, and a white top. The top was really nothing more than some thin lace, cropped a couple inches underneath the breasts, with quarter-sleeves and a low-cut neckline, and a thin strip of fabric in the front that covered the breasts a little more than plain lace would, but left nothing else to the imagination. Along with the top and the skirt were a pair of panties and a bra, both red.

"Isn't that a little...you know - " said Alexis, searching for the right word.

"Revealing? Well yeah, yes and no, sort of," said Ashley. "I mean yeah, you wouldn't wear something like that to class, but lots of girls here wear stuff like this to go out in. It's just part of going to college. And it's Halloween too, which means it's pretty much a free pass to dress as slutty as you want and not get judged for it by anybody, even other girls. It's kinda awesome, actually."

Alexis looked at her, not sure how to respond. In a way, she could see the wild, adventurous girl her sister had become, and wondered if this was all just a ploy to get her to go along with wearing something she was going to regret. After all, she had only moments ago suggested that Alexis should hook up with someone's to get over her cheating boyfriend. On the other hand, there was a part of her that thought Ashley was probably right - at least, right that she wouldn't be judged for what she wore out tonight. 

Alexis looked through the closet, thinking about what Ashley had said, wondering if she could just show off some cleavage and maybe some leg and Ashley would let it fly. "What about this?" Said Alexis, holding up a pink, strappy top that was a little short and very low-cut, but not as extreme as the one Ashley had picked out.

"Uhhh, you know what, this is Halloween," said Ashley. "I think you should be a little more daring. A chance to wear literally as little as you want without the judgment only comes once or maybe twice a year. What do you think? Maybe show a little more skin?" Ashley smiled and eyed Alexis' body. She was cute, thin, and sexy, and Ashley knew she would attract lots of attention in the right outfit.

"Wait, I have a better idea. How about this - you wear something a little more revealing, but it's really a costume - like my idea was that we dress up as cowgirls - boots, denim shorts or skirts, and plaid shirts tied in a knot right here," she said, pointing directly underneath her tits. It's more of a costume than a look that says it's Halloween and i just want to dress slutty for the hell of it. What do you think, want to do it?"

Alexis thought about that one for a moment. Ashley was right, at least partially - it was Halloween, and if she wore something that bore any resemblance to a costume, it didn't matter if it showed a little more skin than normal. Besides, she was ready to welcome anything that got her mind off her boyfriend for a night.

"Sure, we could do that, I guess," said Alexis, her voice hinting at the bit of reluctance she felt at the idea of being seen in less than the normal amount of clothing. "Just no pressuring me to hook up with some random guy, ok, Ashley? I know that's what you would do, and what you said you would do if you were me, but I just don't know if I'm ready for that."

"Fine," said Ashley. "But you're missing out on all the fun. It's college! You are here to experiment! To live, to let loose! Trust me, the last thing you want to do is to be in your forties, married with a couple kids, and to wake up one day and say, 'damn, I wish I'd have been more adventurous when I was younger," because at that point your life is pretty much settled and it's too late to go back and have a do-over."

"See, that's what I mean, Ashley! You're pressuring me already!"

"Oh, ok, ok. No more pressure. But you should really go to this party with an open mind, you know? Don't shut someone out just because you don't like the idea of hooking up with him. Go to the party and let whatever is going to happen, happen. And if you're meant to meet someone you really like, it's meant to happen. And if you're meant to hook up, you're meant to hook up. Just let something happen if it's going to happen, ok?"

"Ok, well, I guess I could be a little open minded," said Alexis. "I mean, you seem to have a good time with it - but if anything happens it's just this once, just to blow off steam and get over Josh. It doesn't mean I'm going to go whoring around every weekend."

"Hey, easy, easy!" Said Ashley with a laugh. "You're only whoring if you get paid," she said with a wicked grin. "And yeah, what you say makes sense. So, we blow off some steam, whatever happens happens and it doesn't mean anything about what you might do in the future, ok? And not too much pressure from me."

"Ok, let's do it," said Alexis with a sigh. With that, the girls turned their attention to Ashley's closet, finding tiny shorts and plaid shirts to wear. Within a few minutes, Ashley found two plaid shirts, one mostly red and white and the other pink and blue, and had pulled out two of the shortest pairs of shorts she owned.

The girls were soon dressed in nothing but bras, panties, shorts that left a little ass cheek hanging out and shirts that were unbuttoned and tied directly underneath their tits. Ashley found a couple pairs of boots, which they put on to add to the look, and a cowgirl hat which she gave to Alexis to complete her "costume." Alexis was fortunate to be able to wear her sister's clothing. Both girls were relatively tall, thin, and had dark brown hair. They actually looked quite similar - both also had brown eyes and still had a summer tan - and the only real difference between the two was that Ashley had C-cup breasts, while Alexis had Bs, probably due to their age difference. The girls didn't look like twins, but they had some similarities in their facial features as well.

After fixing their makeup, reapplying eye liner, mascara, and eye shadow, the girls left Ashley's apartment and walked toward the party. It was at some sort of house. Alexis realized it was a fraternity house when she arrived; Ashley obviously already knew.

"Hello, ladies, come on in!" Said the guy on the porch as the two made their way into the house. Only Ashley bothered to respond. Alexis just waved shyly as she made her way into the house. Loud music was playing and it seemed like everybody had a cup of some sort of alcoholic beverage in their hand. The girls waded through a sea of people to get to a room at the back of the house. Ashley was greeting most of them- it seemed to Alexis like she knew everyone there. Before she knew it, someone was thrusting a shot of some sort of liquor in Alexis' hand. Turning to look, she saw that it was Ashley offering her a shot.

"Relax, let's do a shot together. It'll help you open up to people, start talking, you know. Forget about Josh too."

Alexis was a little concerned, but the scene had caused her to let her guard down for the time being. She didn't want to get drunk, because who knows what she would wind up doing, but she had no problem having a couple drinks. She took the shot glass and looked at it.

"Here's to sisters getting closer in college," said Ashley. The girls clinked their glasses and downed the shots, with Alexis, the less experienced drinker, making a face afterward.

"Ok, one more, then we're dongle for now," said Ashley. Before Alexis could even respond she had another glass in her hand. She was too slow to object. "Here's to forgetting about josh and having a good time!" Said Ashley, and the girls clinked glasses again and swallowed the contents. 

"Alexis!" Someone yelled only a few minutes later. It was a girl from Alexis' freshman English class, and she was inviting her to come join. "I didn't know you were coming tonight!" She said. "Here, lets al take a shot!" And so this continued until five or six more shots had found their way into Alexis' stomach. 

She had drank more than she intended to, but Alexis noticed something - she really was starting to have a good time. People were everywhere, there were girls wearing next to nothing and guys in togas and people not wearing shirts and every once in a while she noticed a couple sneaking off somewhere - probably to have sex. Somehow she had been separated from her sister for about thirty minutes before seeing her again.

"Ashley!" She called out. Ashley came over, and as she did so, the memory of Josh hit Alexis hard. It was probably the booze making her feel that way, but Alexis felt like she wanted to cry.

"Are you OK?" Asked Ashley.

"I miss Josh," said Alexis.

"No, you are not going to cry. Here, come with me and I'll show you something." Alexis followed Ashley into a room filled with people in the basement of the house. There was a pool table at one end, more liquor and beer than Alexis had ever seen, and three couches facing some sort of homemade stage. "Watch this," Ashley said.

She grabbed the arm of a guy standing nearby, and when he turned to look at her, she moved in for a wet, sloppy kiss. He thought it was going to be a peck on the lips, but soon he opened his mouth and accepted her tongue, and started kissing her back. The two engaged in a kiss for what seems like forever. Alexis just stood there, open-mouthed, watching as the guy placed his hands everywhere on her body - her stomach, her back, her legs and ass, even down her shorts a little - and the two locked lips and didn't let go. She watched as her sister took the guy's hand and led it up her shirt, feeling her breasts. After a long moment Ashley broke off the kiss.

"Wow, that was hot. What's your name?" Said the guy.

"It's sexier if you don't know," replied Ashley. "Find me later," she said as she turned back to Alexis. "See? That wasn't so bad."
