 The trip was unexpected but the gift my husband gave me for the trip was even more unexpected. Brent and I have been married for eight years and have had a wonderful marriage for the most part. The only major problem being an affair Brent had on a business trip five years ago. Brent felt terrible about cheating on me and told me all about the affair when he got home. He said that he and his boss had been out drinking and met a couple of girls. Brent’s boss insisted on taking the girls out to dinner and drinks and one thing lead to another and Brent ended up in bed with one of the women. He told me that he never intended for anything like that to happen and promised that it would never happen again.

I was very hurt and angry and it took me a long time to forgive Brent and even longer for me to trust him again, but in time we got passed it. Since then Brent has been on several business trips but he assures me that he has not cheated on me again and I believe him. Brent has always been honest and straightforward with me and I know he would confess if he cheated on me again.

A few weeks ago my boss asked me if I would be willing to cover a business conference in Las Vegas for him. He told me I could take Brent with me and gave me the dates of the conference. It was only two weeks away. My boss said the conference started on Monday and ended Thursday.  I said I would go because I knew that Brent would love to go to Vegas with me. When I got home that night and told Brent about the trip he was very excited until I told him the dates of the conference. Brent said, “Honey, I can’t go. I have an important customer presentation I have to give that week and I can’t turn it over to anyone else on such short notice.”

I told Brent that I would  call my boss and tell him I wouldn’t be able to go to the conference after all, but Brent said, "I think you should go. It would be good for your career and a fun experience for you. You've never gone anywhere without me before so I think you should go and have fun."

I said, "Are you sure?"

"Absolutely."

The next day I made all of my air and hotel reservations.  I would fly to Vegas on Sunday, stay at the Monte Carlo hotel and return home on Friday. A couple of days before I was to leave I began getting my clothes together for the trip. As Brent watched he laughed at me because I was only planning on taking my business suites."

Brent said, "You know you are going to Las Vegas don't you?"

"What do you mean?"

"You don't wear business suits to a conference in Vegas. You should take casual clothes and take your bathing suit. You are not going to be spending all of your time in meetings. You have got to have some fun while you're there."

I guessed Brent was right so I put my business suits back in my closet and packed casual clothes and my swimsuit.

SATURDAY NIGHT

On the Saturday evening before I was to leave Brent gave me a package, which contained a lacy black bra and panty set with a matching pair of black thigh high stockings.  Brent said, I am taking you out to dinner and I want you to wear these.

I knew what that meant. Over my new sexy underwear I wore a black spaghetti strap cocktail dress. When Brent saw me he said, "You look good enough to eat, maybe for desert."

At dinner we talked about my trip and things I should do while I was there. At first I was nervous about going to Vegas by myself but the more we talked about it the more excited I got.

After dinner we drove down by the lake and sat in the car looking at the boats bobbing up and down at their moorings. Brent kissed me and said, “I am going to miss you but I want you to have fun while you’re in Las Vegas,” then he kissed me again. The second kiss was more passionate than the first and I felt Brent's hand sliding up my thigh under my dress. He continued to kiss me as he teased my pussy, which was already beginning to tingle with anticipation. When I couldn't stand it any longer I blurted out, "Why don't you just take me home and fuck me?"

I didn't have to ask twice. Ten minutes later we were in our bedroom and Brent was on his knees in front of me, pushing my dress up over my hips. He pressed his mouth over the gusset of my panties and blew hot air through them against my pussy. The sensation was amazing. Then he pulled the gusset aside and buried his tongue inside my dripping wet pussy and nearly brought me to orgasm. It only took an additional two minutes for him to bring me off in a tremendous white-hot orgasm. Then Brent laid me on the bed and as I recovered from my wonderful orgasm he undressed. As soon as he got on the bed with me I took his rock hard cock into my mouth and sucked it the way I know he likes it done. I was ready to bring him to climax in my mouth but Brent pulled back and said that he wanted to mount me from behind. I got on my hands and knees on the bed and when I felt the head of his cock probing my slippery slit I reached back between my legs and guided his cock to my opening. As I felt him enter me I pushed back to take his full length inside me. 

I am not sure if I had two orgasms or if it was just one very long orgasm, but it was wonderful. Our sex had always been good but this was one of the best love making sessions we had had in a long time. After Brent finally filled me with his love cream we both collapsed on the bed and we were soon asleep. 


SUNDAY

Brent drove me to the airport the next morning and waited with me until my plane boarded. As he was kissing me good-bye he told me that he put a gift for me inside my suitcase. Then he said, "I want you to have fun while you are in Vegas." 

I asked what the gift was but Brent wouldn't tell me, he just said, "You'll have to wait till you get to your hotel to find out."  I had to get on the plane so I kiss him again and headed down the jetway.

The flight out was nice. I read a little, slept a little and watched some of the television shows they had on the plan, and then looked out the window as we flew over the Grand Canyon, Lake Mead and the Hoover Dam. It seemed like I was in Vegas in no time at all. Seeing the strip hotels and casinos as we made our landing approach increased my excitement. Luckily my suitcase was one of the first off the plane so I was able to quickly catch a cab and I was in my room at the Monte Carlo by 1:00 PM.  

After a quick look out my window, which faced the MGM hotel, I began to unpack. I had completely forgotten about the gift Brent said he put in my suitcase until I discovered the gift-wrapped package under one of my blouses. I set the package aside to open it later after I finished unpacking and hanging my clothes. When I had hung my slacks and blouses and had put my panty hose and underwear in the dresser drawers I sat down on the bed with Brent's gift. There was a card attached to the outside of the box that said "Read Me First." on the envelope.

I opened the card and read, "Dear Marci, I just wanted another chance to tell you and show you how much I love you. I want you to make sure you have a very good time while you are in Vegas and I hope this gift will help. I won't ask, so when you get home you can tell me as much or as little about your trip as you wish. Love, Brent"

When I finished reading the note my hands were shaking and I wasn't sure why. I slowly removed all of the wrapping then I set the box on the bed and carefully lifted the top off. The contents of the box were hidden under tissue paper. I folded back the tissue paper to discover a very sexy bra and panty set. They were red satin with a sheer lace mesh in the front of the panties and in the cups of the bra. 

When I lifted the frilly under things out of the box I found another note from Brent underneath. This note said, "I guess you get the idea now. I want you to know that you have my blessing to do whatever you need to make this trip pleasurable but whatever you decide to do, don't do it for me, do it for yourself."

I put the bra and panties back in the box and reread both notes several times. I didn't know what to think. I had never cheated on Brent and can honestly say I had never thought seriously about cheating on him. Even after his affair it never entered my mind to have sex with another man. I was in shock. Did these notes really mean what I thought they meant? Was Brent telling me that I not only have his permission, but also that he wants me to have an affair? I didn't know how to feel. Should I be happy, angry, sad? I read the notes again, and then put everything, notes and lingerie in one of the dresser drawers. Then I picked up the phone and called Brent.

When he answered the phone there was no hint in his voice that he was thinking about his gift to me. He asked my about my trip, how was the flight, how is the hotel room, how is the weather, etc. I wanted to broach the subject of the gift but Brent wouldn't let me. Finally I just said, "Brent, what is this all about? These notes and the sexy bra and panties. What is it you want me to do?"

Brent said, "I think you already know the answer.  I don't want you to do anything more than have the best time that you can while you are in Vegas. I will leave it completely up to you to decide how you do that.. Now I don't want to discuss this any further. We can talk about it when you get home if you want to. Just know that I love you."

I said, "Well okay. I love you too.' We talked for a couple more minutes that said our good byes.

I sat looking out the window at the huge video marquee in front of the MGM as I tried to make sense of this whole thing. I wasn't very experienced in sex when I met Brent. I wasn't a virgin but I had only had sex a few times with two different men. Since I met Brent ten years ago he is the only one I have had sex with. Brent and I experiment a lot. We have tried about everything two people can do together without endangering their lives.  We even tried role-playing. Sometimes I would pretend to be someone else and I would go to a bar and talk to and dance with some of the guys there then Brent would come in and we would act like we didn't know each other. Brent would come over and talk to me and buy me a few drinks then ask me if I wanted to go for a ride with him. I would say yes and he would take me to some dark parking lot and make love to me in the back seat of the car. The first few times we did that it felt kind of silly but we had fun and later we both really looked forward to those little adventures. Over the years we rented a lot of porn movies and we enjoyed watching them and having sex afterward. We often tried things we saw in the movies and if we enjoyed them they became part of our normal routine. 

No matter how hard I tried I couldn't come up with any reason why Brent would suddenly want me to have an affair, so I gave up. I decided not to think about it, at least for a while. I wasn't in Vegas to have an affair but I decided to just relax and enjoy myself and see what happens. 

After that I tried not to think about Brent's gift or offer or what ever it was and just went out to explore a little. I checked out the casino at the Monte Carlo and played slots for a while then I took the tram to the Bellagio and walked around the beautiful hotel.  After that I walked down the strip to check out some of the other hotels and casinos. I had never been to Vegas before so all of this was a bit of a sensory overload. Eventually I wandered back to my hotel and played slots and craps, had dinner and went off to bed. That night I dreamed that I had sex with a man I didn't know. Afterward I tried to find Brent to tell him but every time I saw him he would disappear again. . When I woke up in the morning I was surprised to find that I was aroused by my dream. 

MONDAY

After showering I had breakfast in the cafe at the Monte Carlo then I went over to the MGM where my conference was being held and went to my first meeting of the day. There were about 100 people at the conference, mostly men. The men were of all ages, sizes and shapes and as hard as I tried I couldn't help but fantasize about which of the men I might like to have sex with. By the end of the day it was a very short list. I had ruled out all but a very few of the men because of their age, weight, or their demeanor. Several of them were just too impressed with themselves. In the afternoon sessions I sat next to a woman named Lori. She was about thirty-five years old and very attractive. She and I teamed up during the discussion sessions and quickly became friends. After the final session of the day Lori and I and several others from the conference went to dinner after which I returned to my room and got on my computer to catch up on my e-mail for the day. After that I went to bed.  As I lay in bed trying to get to sleep I realized that it was only nine o'clock. Here I was in Las Vegas and I was in bed at nine o'clock. I couldn't sleep anyway so I got up and dressed and went down to the casino.

I sat down at a black jack table next to a good-looking man just to see what would happen. We introduced ourselves. He said his name was John and I told him mine and said that I didn't know how to play and asked him to help me. He said he would be glad to teach me and we played for about an hour. I was beginning to like John and had decided to just let things happen and see how it all turned out.

At one point I was sure he was about to suggest we go somewhere for a drink when this blonde showed up and said, "John, I've been looking all over for you. Bill and Susan are waiting for us to go down to the Bellagio."

John said that he had nearly forgotten and he quickly picked up his chips and left. That left me at the table with an older couple so I decided to call it a night. As I walked to the elevators I had mixed feelings about the evening and myself. I didn't know how I should feel about the fact that I was ready to go off with a guy I just met. All he had to do was ask. I found myself both disappointed and relieved that his wife showed up. When I got back to my room I went back to bed and still couldn't sleep. As I lay there I started to fantasize about what might have happened if John's wife wasn't around. I surprised myself by how quickly I began to imagine him making love to me. My fantasy was getting me very hot and without really thinking about it I slipped my right hand between my legs and started gently rubbing my clitoris. I very seldom masturbate. Generally the only times I do is when Brent is out of town on business and that's usually only after he has called me and we've had an erotic conversation about the things we would like to do to each other. This was the first time I ever played with myself while thinking about having sex with anyone other than Brent. As I dipped two of my fingers inside my pussy I could feel my juices running down onto my hand. I couldn't believe how wet I was fantasizing about having sex with John. I continued playing with my self for about fifteen minutes than I hand an intense orgasm. Shortly after that I feel asleep.

TUESDAY

By the end of the conference sessions on Tuesday I knew that I had no interest in any of the men I had met in the sessions. It turned out that Lori was also staying at the Monte Carlo so we walked back to the hotel together. As we were walking through the casino Lori suggested that we stop in the lounge and have a drink before changing and going out to dinner. This sounded like a good idea to me so I agreed.

We found a quiet table in the back of the lounge as far away from the sound of the slot machines as we could get. At first we talked about the educational content of the conference but by the time we got to our third drink we began talking about the men attending the conference. We talked about which ones we thought were cute, which were sexy and we both agreed that all of them would be too self-absorbed to be any good in bed. Then Lori surprised me by asking, "So did you manage to find anyone interesting to go to bed with last night?"

I couldn't believe that Lori would be so forward as to ask me something so personal. I felt myself blushing as I said, "No."

Then Lori said, "Oh, I thought maybe you had. I saw you sitting at the black jack tables with a real hunk last night."

I don't know whether it was the drinks or just the comfortable way I felt with Lori, but I found myself telling her about John and how I would have been willing to go to bed with him if his wife hadn't shown up.

Then Lori asked, "Do you often fool around when you get away from home?"

"No. Actually I have never cheated on my husband and anyway this is the first time I've been away from home without Brent."

"Well if you were so ready to go off with John last night, then you must have been thinking about having a fling for a long time."

"Believe it or not I had never thought about having and affair until yesterday and it was my husband who put the idea in my head." I then went on to tell Lori about Brent's gift and the notes he sent along with it.

When I finished telling the story all Lori said, "Wow. He really gave you permission to do what ever you want? So you must have been pretty disappointed when John's wife showed up last night."

"I was disappointed and relieved."

"Did you try to find another guy?"

"No. I went back to my room."

Then Lori really embarrassed me by saying, "I'll bet you had to get yourself off as soon as you got back to your room, didn't you?"

"Lori!" Then I surprised myself by saying, "Well actually I did play a little." I thought, 'Why am I telling her this?' 

Lori said, "I'll bet you played a lot. You had yourself ready for sex and only one way to relieve the tension. Listen, don't be embarrassed. I do it all of the time. I travel to conferences like this a couple of times a year and I look forward to the sex. But on the nights when I don't connect with anyone interesting I end up in my room with my joy toys."

I said, "Joy toys?"

"That's what I call my vibrator and my dildo. Don't you have any toys with you?"

I said, "No. I seldom play with myself and I wouldn't be comfortable using a vibrator on myself."

"You have to try it sometime.  I like to turn on Porn movies in my room and bring myself off a few times while I watch the action on screen."

I was suddenly aware of how strange this conversation had gotten. I didn't know how to change the subject and I wasn't sure I wanted to. As I sat trying to think of something to say Lori said, "Why don't you and I go out tonight and find a couple of men and have some fun?"

I found myself saying yes without even thinking about the suggestion. Then Lori said, "Stick with me and I'll get us laid tonight. And if I don't we can always go back to my room and play with my joy toys.

Then Lori suggested we go to the casino at the Bellagio and play black jack. She said, "You'll be surprised how easy it is for two women to attract men. Much easier than for a woman by herself."

Lori was right. When we got to the Bellagio we found an empty black jack table with a dealer waiting for players. Lori and I sat down there and by the time the dealer had shuffled all of the cards and loaded the shoe two men joined us at the table and quickly introduced themselves. Their names were Roger and Sam. Roger was about 45, tall and slim. He had dark hair with just a little gray at the temples. Sam was shorter, maybe five feet eleven and about 40 years old. Sam was heavier that Roger but was build like an athlete. We talked and play cards for about an hour then Sam moved to sit next to Lori leaving me sitting next to Roger. We played cards for about another hour then Roger asked us if we had eaten yet. When we said no they invited us to have dinner with them and we accepted. 

After dinner and a few drinks Roger took me aside and said, "I find you very attractive and I would like to make love to you."
