 Author's note: The inspiration for this story came from a video that I recently discovered online. I have watched this short clip countless times, and have become somewhat obsessed with it. I want to know everything about the girl in this video. I want to know about her childhood, her friendships, her relationships and her motivation for doing what she did in this video. I want to know the life story of the man in this video. I want to know how this video was made, when it was made, and why it was made.

Unfortunately, I will likely never know any of the above, so I am resigned to fill in the missing pieces with my imagination, through this story. Maybe that is for the best.

* * * * *

Ashley could feel her heart pounding in her chest as she hurriedly rushed toward the door. She took a deep breath, hoping that it would slow her breathing just a little. Her palms were sweating, and it had nothing to do with the heat of the warm, spring evening.

In the five days she had been living in her friend's apartment, she had ordered pizza from the same restaurant on a number of occasions. Each time, Hector would appear at her door wearing his baseball cap and a blue shirt with the restaurant's logo. He always gave her a warm and inviting smile, and his friendliness was contagious. English was not his first language, but he did his best to communicate with her. He appeared to be around her father's age, and yet he seemed neither ashamed nor self-conscious about working as a pizza delivery man.

She opened the main door of the building, wearing nothing but a pair of tiny shorts and a button-down long-sleeved hoody top that revealed her pale-white midsection in the most seductive way possible. She wore neither bra nor panties, and the friction of her shorts on her bare skin, combined with the naughtiness of what she was about to do, drove her wild.

"Hi, Hector!" she said in her sweetest voice. "Come on in!"

She led him inside the building, down the hallway, and into her friend's apartment. Hector couldn't resist watching her tight little ass wriggle as she walked. Her dark, shoulder-length hair swayed from side to side, reminding him of his wife when she was much younger.

During his last visit, this little vixen explained that her friends had dared her to convince a stranger to take nude photos of her. She asked Hector for his help, and he was more than happy to oblige. Hell, it was the most exciting experience he had in a long time - maybe ever. She had stripped down to nothing, right there in the front hallway of her apartment, and handed her cellphone to him. He snapped a couple of photos, she thanked him sweetly, and that was the end of it. He hadn't been able to think of anything else since then, and his heart raced when his manager told him he would be making another delivery to this address.

"How much is it?" she asked, once he entered the apartment and shut the door behind him.

"It's $10.25," he responded quietly.

"Okay, I'll be right back," she chirped.

He watched her walk away, and then stood at the doorway and fidgeted, adjusting himself nervously. He was a married man, and had no business looking at such a young girl in such a lascivious way. He pulled his blue uniform top as far as it would stretch below his belt, in order to hide the erection he felt growing.

She returned promptly and handed him some cash.

"Thank you so much," she said. She was practically shaking. "Keep the change."

He smiled, and swayed nervously from foot to foot. He would have paid her a tip, just for the privilege of seeing her again.

"And...can I ask you a question?" she asked with some hesitance. "I know you remember the last time...would you, maybe, take a couple of pictures of me, again?"

Her pulse was racing as he smiled and nodded his head.

"Yeah, okay," he responded, nervously.

"Do you mind if I undress right here?" she asked.

"What?" Hector stammered. She wasn't sure if he didn't hear her, or if he simply didn't understand.

"Do you mind if I undress right here?" she repeated.

He muttered something, but she couldn't quite understand what he said. He began to carry the pizza into the next room, but she stopped him. She needed for him to be in the front hallway.

"Oh, no, you can leave it here," she said. "It's okay."

Without hesitation or modesty, she took her shirt off, revealing her small, pert breasts. Hector smiled and laughed uncomfortably, and fidgeted with the pizza box, trying to maintain his professionalism.

"Uh...ha...very nice," he stammered.

Ashley giggled nervously, and covered her breasts in a demure way that completely contradicted her actions. Then, she turned around and faced one of the walls in the hallway, and unceremoniously dropped her tiny shorts to the floor with one swift movement, revealing her perfectly-shaped ass and cleanly-shaved cunt.

Hector remained frozen at the end of the hallway, pizza box in hand, with a dopey smile plastered on his face, apprehensively shifting his weight from one foot to the other.

"Thanks so much for helping me out again," Ashley said, grabbing the pizza box from his hands. "You can wait right here. I'll get the camera."

Hector adjusted his pants and recomposed himself. He checked his phone. No message from his wife. That was a good thing. In no time at all, Ashley was back in the room. Hector quickly shoved his phone back into his pocket.

She sauntered over to him, completely naked, and handed her phone to him. "Okay," she said, "so, I'll just stand over here, just like last time? And just take a picture of me? Okay? It's the big button there, just like last time."

Hector nodded, dumbly.

Ashley stood with her back to the wall. She pushed her breasts together and smiled sweetly at the camera. Hector dutifully snapped a photo. She stood next to him and they examined it together through the digital display.

"I think that looks good," she stated.

Hector put his hand around her, but was afraid to touch her, so he left it hovering just above her flesh.

"Do you wanna take one more picture of me , real quick?" she offered.

Hector nodded, and she moved back to the corner of the room.

This time she stood facing the wall. She bent over at the waist and thrust her delicious-looking ass in his direction, peering over her shoulder seductively. Hector snapped another photo, and she returned to his side to review it.

"I can take pictures of you?" he asked, fumbling through his pocket for his cellphone.

"No, it's okay," Ashley said. "It's okay. I just need them for my friend." Then she offered, "but I can give you a hug?"

Hector smiled and nodded, and she embraced him warmly. He put his arms around her, but was careful where he placed his hands. Then she said something that completely surprised him.

"And you can touch my boobs, too."

He hesitated for a moment. He knew it wasn't right, but he couldn't resist. He reached down and cupped his hands over her breasts. She stood patiently with her hands at her side and smiled.

"You live here?" he asked, politely returning his hands to her hips.

"No, this is a friend's place," she explained. "I'm actually going back out of state soon. So I'm just staying here for a couple days."

"I could take pictures of you every week," he said with a laugh.

"No, I'll be leaving soon," she said, "but you can touch my boobs again if you want."

She was so cheerful and carefree in the way she spoke, it was disarming. He couldn't help but smile. He returned his hands to her breasts and gently squeezed.

"You wanna touch my butt, too?" she asked in that same cheerful tone.

"Yeah," he immediately responded. She turned around, and he gently ran his hands along her backside as she bent over and leaned against the wall.

"You can slap it a little," she offered.

Suddenly, he moved around to her side, still keeping a hand on her back.

"How old are you?" he asked.

"Old enough," she said with a giggle.

"No, how old," he said.

"Twenty-one."

Satisfied with her answer, his hand returned to her ass. He ran his palm down the crack of her ass, and back up around one of her well-rounded cheeks.

"You can slap it a little" she offered once again, but he seemed content to caress it instead. Perhaps he didn't understand what she was saying, she thought.

"It's nice," he said with a smile.

"Well, thank you!" she responded with another giggle.

He continued to caress her butt for a moment, and she stood and turned toward him, hesitant about what to do next. He pulled her into his arms and gave her another hug, this time placing his hands on her ass and giving it a squeeze. She laughed once more.

"Now what?" he said.

"Well...I know you said no last time, to the picture?"

He had forgotten that part. During their last photo session, she wanted to take a picture of him as well, but he refused, as he feared it would cost him his job.

"But my friend," she continued, "she also made a bet with me that I would get a picture of my hand holding a man's penis." She explained this in such a casual way, he laughed nervously in response. He still held her pressed against him, with his hands interlocked behind her back.

"Would you be okay with it?" she asked.

"What?" he said, leaning in closer to hear, and taking the opportunity to slide his hands over her backside once more.

"To hold your penis," she said.

"Whose?" he asked. 

"Yours!" she said. Clearly, they were having a communication issue.

He began to respond, but she cut him off. "I know you said no last time, but would you be okay if I just hold your penis?"

"Hold my penis?" he repeated.

"Yeah! I could rub it, and get it hard for you, if you want."

He still didn't seem to understand, so she mimed a jerk-off motion with one of her hands. "I can hold your penis and rub it if you want," she explained once more. This time he seemed to get it. He smiled and nodded, and mumbled something indecipherable.

"Yeah? You'd be okay with that?" She reached down and rubbed her hand along the front of his pants, touching him through his jeans. She ran her hand up and down several times, while he put his arm around her and smiled.

"I can touch you?" he asked, and pointed to her vagina.

"You can touch," she said, hesitantly. He crouched down in front of her and began to part her pussy lips, but she backed away. "No, just touch," she told him. He played with her twat for a moment, touching her gently with his fingers. He then looked up at her, and she giggled.

"You want me to keep rubbing it?" she asked. He stood, and unzipped his fly.

"Is anyone home?" he asked, nervously.

"No, nobody is here," she responded.

He reached inside his zipper and pulled out his cock. It was a bit on the small side, but it stood straight and hard.

"Wow, you're big," she lied, and took his cock in her hand, giving it several strokes. "You can touch me," she said, and he placed his hand around her back. She squeezed and stroked his cock, and he caressed her buttocks.

He suddenly reached down and held her hand still. "I may finish," he warned her.

"You want to?" she asked. "I can put it in my mouth," she offered.

"You can?" he asked, excitedly.

"You want to?" she asked. Hector moved in for a kiss, but she backed away. "Oh, no," she giggled. "No kissing."

He moved in for another kiss, and she backed off again. Apparently, he misunderstood what she meant by putting it in her mouth.

"No kissing," she repeated with a giggle, and gently pushed him away.

"Sorry," he said.

"No, that's okay," she reassured him. "Do you want me to put it in my mouth a little bit?" she asked, pointing at his hard cock, which was still standing at attention.

He nodded, and she kneeled on the floor in front of him.

"You know, you can back up a little bit, so I can bend over, and then you can see my butt," she said, pointing to the mirror on the wall behind her. He backed up a couple of steps until his back was against the wall.

She grabbed his cock and put it right in her mouth. She bobbed rapidly along his shaft only a dozen or so times before he stopped her. She sat back on her heels, and he said something to her in broken English.

"You want to finish?" she asked, looking up at him. He nodded. "Okay," she said cheerfully, grabbing his cock once more and stroking it several times. "Just let me know when you're gonna go, okay?"

"In your mouth?" he asked, incredulously, pointing at her mouth.

"Mmm-hmm," she said, nodding. "Yep. Okay, you'll tell me?"

He nodded, but it wasn't clear whether he understood what she was saying.

She took his cock into her mouth once more, and within seconds, she felt a warm flood of salty fluid fill her mouth. Evidently, he didn't understand her request. Not wanting to spit it all over the floor, she swallowed it. It was soon replaced with another mouthful, which she dutifully swallowed as well.

After sliding her lips along his shaft a few more times, Ashley sat back on her heels and wiped her mouth with the back of her hand. It was such a big load, she thought, the poor guy probably hadn't had sex in a month!

"Thank you," she said, sweetly, rising to her feet.

He lingered for a moment as he zipped his fly and readjusted his uniform. He asked once again if she would be staying for a while. Clearly, he was hoping for another round. She gently explained that she would be leaving soon.

"Anything you need," he said, "I give it to you." It was sweet, she thought, but he had just given her everything she needed.

As soon as the door closed, Ashley hurried to the bookshelf to retrieve her video camera. She needed to make a phone call, but there was a more urgent need taking priority at that moment. After pressing the red button on the camera to stop recording, she rushed into her bedroom, flung open her dresser drawer, and extracted the little pink vibrator.

She lay on the bed, set the vibrator to its highest speed setting, and applied it directly to her clit. Within seconds, her muscles tensed, and a warm and tingling sensation washed over her entire body. She pressed the vibrator harder against her clit and moaned loudly as she convulsed on top of the mattress. She held it there until she couldn't take it anymore. Her clit was so swollen and sensitive, the lightest breeze was too intense to tolerate.

As she returned to the front of the apartment, she grabbed a slice of pizza along the way, and hungrily devoured it as she collected her clothing and phone. She stepped back into her tiny shorts and thumbed through her phone, looking for the number.

"Chelsea?" she said in her cheerful voice. "It's Ashley! How are you?"

"Hey, girlfriend!" the voice at the other end intoned. "What's going on?"

"Oh, nothing," Ashley said, chewing another bite of her pizza. "I just wanted to check in and add a few points to my total."

"No way!" Chelsea said. "Okay, hold on. Let me get my log book!"

Ashley took the opportunity to take another bite of pizza while she waited. The pepperoni did an excellent job of masking the taste of that old man's cum in her mouth. Oddly, she felt a little sad about that. Not that the pizza man turned her on or anything, but it was just so exciting to do that to him. She didn't think it would be so exciting.

"Okay," Chelsea chirped once she returned to the phone, "what do you got for me?"

"Well," Ashley said with a dirty grin, savoring the moment, "I had a couple more naked pictures taken of me by a stranger..."

"You naughty girl!" Chelsea chided. "So, let me see...that's twenty-five points. Who was it this time?"

"The same guy," Ashley stated.

"The pizza guy?"

"Mm-hmm."

"What is it with you and this pizza guy?"

"I don't know," Ashley said. "He just seems nice, and I can tell that it's, like, the highlight of his life or something. It's fun to be able to give him that thrill."

"Yeah, but wait. You can't get double points for the same stranger."

"Are you shitting me? Says who?"

"Says me! Remember, I'm the Rules Czar! Whatever I say goes, bitch!" Chelsea said in mock indignation, causing Ashley to burst into laughter.

"Okay, fine," Ashley said. "I also let him touch my boobs. And my butt!"

"You slut!" Chelsea squeaked, causing them both to giggle. "Okay, that's fifty points for each. Not bad."

"But that's not it," Ashley said.

"You're joking!"

"Nope."

"Okay, let's hear it."

"Well...I also got him to take his dick out, and I gave it a few strokes."

"Shut up! You did not!"

"Mm-hmm! And that's not all..."

"You filthy slut!"

"I also let him put it in my mouth...and he finished."

"In your mouth??"

"Mm-hmm." Ashley was loving this. For years, she had endured her friends' teasing for being the "prude" of their group.

"I don't believe it," Chelsea stated, flatly. "Do you have any proof?"

"Yep...video proof," Ashley said, proudly.

"Shut up!"

***

Counting the hundred point bonus for swallowing, Ashley racked up a cool five hundred points in a matter of minutes. It was almost too easy. Incredibly, she learned from Chelsea that she still trailed in the contest. But it was close.

Unfortunately, there were less than forty-eight hours remaining, and Ashley would be spending the entire next day traveling. It seemed nearly impossible that she would be able to rack up enough points in such a short amount of time.

The following morning, Ashley awoke early, loaded her car with her suitcases, and headed toward the airport. It was a bright and gorgeous day, and she had left plenty of time to enjoy the scenery one last time before returning home. She would miss the palm trees more than anything else, she thought.

Her stomach growling, she decided to make a detour into a rest stop for some breakfast. She ordered a fruit platter and some granola cereal, and found a quiet table in the corner. She couldn't stop thinking about how exciting it was to give a blowjob to the pizza guy. Never in a million years would anyone have thought she would ever do such a thing. She grew up in a small Midwestern town, and had a strict upbringing. She was a virgin when she graduated high school, but that changed during her freshman year in college. That is when she met Chelsea and the other girls.

They were so unlike the girls she was used to hanging out with back home. They swore like sailors, and had no hang-ups about displaying their bodies. They discussed sex so casually, as if it were no big deal. They constantly bragged about hooking up with random boys and giving blowjobs as often as they liked. "Blowjobs are the new handshake," Chelsea had once told her.

She recalled how dirty it seemed when she gave her first blowjob to a boy in his dorm room. She became instantly addicted. She loved the way it felt in her mouth, and she was amazed that she could give a boy so much pleasure with so little effort. It wasn't as big a deal as she had been led to believe. It wasn't any different than kissing, really. It was just kissing a different body part.

As her mind wandered, she peered out the window to the parking lot and saw a long row of eighteen-wheelers. Inspiration came to her in a flash, and she quickly finished her meal. There may be a way to score some more easy points without much effort at all, she thought.

She stepped outside, wearing her favorite pair of denim cutoff shorts that were frayed just right at the bottom. Her tight T-shirt made her boobs look bigger than they were. As usual, she wore no bra, as she didn't need one. She smiled warmly at the pair of truck drivers she spotted chatting alongside their trucks.

"Excuse me?" she said sweetly as she approached them. "I'm so sorry to bother you, but I have a question."

"Anything for you, darlin'," one of the truckers said. They both appeared to be in their mid-forties, with the typical bodies of men of their age and profession. She couldn't help but notice the way they both looked her up and down, from head to toe, as she approached.
