 All adventures aside, the one most memorable to Ashley was the day she met John so many years ago. Both in their late 20s and very attractive by any standards. The attraction was mutual and complete. Their bodies were like opposite sides of magnets, instantly attracting one to the other and sparks flew upon first contact, lighting fires everywhere. Their flames of love, passion and unbridled lust quickly took over their days and nights. Soon, they knew in each other's hearts that they cannot be apart.

There was a time back in the day when Ashley was job hunting. As a qualified business administrator and experienced personal secretary, Ashley's organization skills are in high demand. It was unfortunate that her ex-boss recently passed away due to over-exertion in the bedroom. Although she has a considerable amount of savings due to her generous old ex-boss, she felt that it was important to get back into the action. After carefully scanning job openings given to her by a well known head hunter, she finally picks one at JG Innovations. A quick background check on the company showed that it was very reputable in the field of robotics and electronics, having many successes in the field of medicine, manufacturing and sex toys automation. The last was probably the by-product of the excellent robotics which came out from JG.

They were in need of a personal assistant to the CEO and founder of the company, Mr John Gabriel himself. She thought that it would be a perfect opportunity, given her interest in a specific technology from this firm. On the day of the interview, she wore her best business suit. A classy outfit which reveals just enough to have any hot-blooded man turn and look yet conservative enough not to be slutty. A carefully cut suit, revealing her hot body only when she is in certain poses, positions or stance, while completely covering her whenever she doesn't wish for her seductiveness to be revealed.

While waiting rather impatiently for her interview she checks her make up in handheld mirror to make sure she is looking her best. A moment later, the receptionist ushers her to the private lift and presses the one and only button in it. Once the elevator rises to the 5th floor, the city comes into view as the rest of the ride takes place outside of the building. It was strange as she could not see this special elevator whenever she passed the building or even in pictures of the building.

The elevator slows down as it approaches the 78th floor. The highest floor of the prestigious office building. The doors open to reveal a large office, occupying the entire floor. Strangely enough, there are no tables or chairs. The walls are lined with computer screens and throw cushions were everywhere. All notes, dictations, memos and reminders are on the screen in one form or another, in one position or another. John Gabriel in an expensive suit, is talking away as the automated penthouse office makes a record of everything he says.

At the corners of the office, Ashley noticed prototypes of the wonderful machines this man designs. She gasps when she notices one with a rather huge appendage dangling at the end of a robotic arm. She imagines what a few of those could do to her.

Mr Gabriel slowly turns around and motions her to have a seat. Ashley gasps again at the handsome face, mouth open in awe at his manly looks and macho features. He smiles his most dazzling smile as he continues to dictate to the machine, and Ashley's knees almost buckled at the visual onslaught of manliness directed at her. She finds the closest throw cushions and seats herself. Due to the cutting of her suit and her proximity to the floor, she was in a rather compromising position. Ashley's suit falls apart to reveal her shapely legs and cleavage in a tasteful display. Not too obvious but seductively mesmerizing.

Now, it was John's turn to be spellbound. He speaks quickly and ends the dictation program with his voice command and promptly seats himself next to Ashley, in very close proximity. For what seems to be the longest time, they just stared into each other's eyes, saying nothing. John extends his hand and introduces himself. As Ashley touches his hand, he pulls her hand up to plant a soft kiss on the back of her hand. He then looks even deeper into her eyes and says, "A pleasure to meet you Ashley." Time stood still ...

Needless to say, the interview lasted only a moment. John brought up a holographic display of Ashley's resume and job application and promptly approved her to be hired. With another swipe of his hand, the holographic display vanishes.

"Now that that's out of the way, shall we go for lunch?" asks John. Ashley nods her head in quick acceptance.

John made reservations and soon, they were dining, staring more into each others' eyes than paying attention to their food. The thoughts playing in their minds and the feelings coursing through their young bodies were very distracting. They both ordered a light lunch which was a good thing as they only had appetite for each other soon after lunch was served. Not wanting to make the first move or be too direct with her future boss, Ashley poured out her charms subtly, captivating John and completely enchanting him. Simple gestures with her hands, crossing her legs and pushing her chest forward seductively all made John gasp for air.

Lunch is over quickly and they sat there waiting for dessert. The entire restaurant seems deserted now as many of the patrons left to go back to their workplaces. John casually mentions to Ashley that he has the entire afternoon off to spend time with his new PA. Ashley snapped herself out of her daydream, taking a deep breath and answered, "That's great. What do we do now?"

With that, the lights dimmed, the doors locked and the tables and chairs were cleared away in an instant. Soft music came wafting through the speakers as John moves to Ashley's side and extends his hand. She gingerly puts her hand in his and stands up. Their table and chairs were then swiftly removed and the entire restaurant was now one empty room with beautiful music and soft, warm lights. John pulls Ashley close to him, slowly moving to the music. Their eyes locked in a hypnotic, intimate gaze with only one conclusion.

Their lips soon touched. Their bodies melting into each other. Their breathing quickens as they continue to savor their romantic embrace. Ashley's hands start to wander. Grasping, gripping, grabbing tightly onto John as their kissing increased in fervor. John reaches down to her butt cheeks with both hands and pulls her closer to him. So close that she could feel his manhood underneath his well-styled suit and pants. Her eyes flew open wide as she felt the size of his package rubbing up against her. She positions her leg to one side, allowing it to rub more directly against her now excited pussy.

Her mind is racing. Thoughts of large cocks she had seen in pornographic movies came to mind. She never had the opportunity to have something of such size pleasure her. Her previous lovers were mostly average with the exception of one but even that one could not compare to what John is packing. Grinding herself even harder onto him, she found that he isn't even hard yet. Looking at him now, with lustful and longing eyes, he simply smiled back. His handsome face disarms her completely.

John turns Ashley gently around and pulls her to him again, this time rubbing her ass with his generously sized manhood. His hands begin to explore her other erogenous zones. One delves downwards, slipping past the waistband of her business skirt. His other hand moves slowly upwards, cupping gently, and relishing the feel of her breasts through her clothes and underwear. Expertly, he removes her bra and panties in one deft move, dropping them uselessly to the floor. His middle finger snakes up into Ashley's now sodden cunt causing her to moan out loud while his other hand expertly manipulates her nipples, one after the other, causing her to grind her hips backwards into his hardon.

Ashley could feel John getting harder and bigger with each of her sexy move. Her cunt is aflame from the wild thrusting of his single middle finger. His other hand's thumb and forefinger is tweaking and pinching her nipples at just the right intensity and frequency, causing the fires in her loins to flare up each time he teases them.

Standing in the middle of the now empty restaurant, Ashley lets herself go ... John continues his expert manipulation of her most sensitive spots, eliciting pleasure, pain and frequent loud moans from Ashley. She needs it now. She reaches back, unzips his pants and releases his monster from its confines. She isn't surprised that he has no underwear on. She lovingly strokes his long cock, trying to measure it in her mind. Could be a good 9 inches at least. Perhaps a little more, perhaps a little less. Doesn't really matter. What surprises her is that she could hardly get her hand around it. It's girth is simply out of this world.

She closes her eyes and grinds her pussy lips against his throbbing cock head as she moans in pleasure from his continued expert manipulations of her sexy, responsive body. She reaches down with one hand, spreading her vagina wide open for his invasion. With both hands on her tits now, John slowly grinds his huge cock forward, pushing up against her outer lips, rubbing upwards and grinding against her swollen clit. Ashley felt a huge wave of pleasure smashing into her and her knees almost buckled at the onslaught. Her thighs were soaked from her own juices, dripping down in slow cascading quakes.

Ashley reaches down, urgently grabbing a hold of John's humungous cock head and guiding it to her wet, slippery opening. She rubs his cock hard against the entrance to her vagina, opening herself up, readying herself for the deep fuck. In that instant, John tweaks her nipples, eliciting a soft scream. At the same time, he pushes forward, his cock head burying itself deep inside Ashley in one smooth stroke. Ashley screams out loud, her orgasm hitting her hard. John held her tight has he impaled himself upon her, grinding his cock even deeper into her throbbing, inviting cunt.

Her orgasm took her breath away and she is now gasping raggedly as John continues to slide his fuck-tool deeper and deeper into her. She grinds her ass backwards until he finally bottoms out and his heavy balls slams against her already sensitive clit. He seems to hold her there for an eternity, grinding his cock and manipulating her nipples expertly, trying to sense her reactions, trying to feel her innermost desires while drinking in her lust and passion. After what seems to be a long while, John begins a slow pumping motion in and out of her. Ashley reaches back, grabbing onto his waist and tries to pull him even deeper into her yearning pussy. John maintains his pace though, not giving Ashley much control over what is happening.

His fingers reach down to her clit, massaging it gently, expertly. Ashley could feel another wave of orgasm quickly approaching at the vile manipulations of his experienced fingers. John latches onto her neck, like a hungry vampire, gently sucking and kissing her sweet flesh causing her to groan out loud. His cock continues ravaging her welcoming cunt, increasing in pace with each feral thrust. With his huge tool incessantly plunging in and out of her, his fingers rubbing her clit and his sensous kissing, Ashley bursts into another mind-bending, body-wracking orgasm. Her knees buckles and gives way.

Somehow, she is held up. Her body still shaking, she looks down in surprise and finds smooth robotic arms holding her up, comfortably. She could only imagine what normally goes on in this restaurant when all the patrons have left. Perhaps even when some of the patrons are still around. Additional arms appear, seemingly from nowhere, holding her up and positioning her with her ass held high, to John's approval. He continues to slam into her with a fervent need for release. His cock seem to be even harder and larger now as he fucks her with increasing passion and overwhelming lust.

Ashley is completely lost in the carnal sensations emanating from her loins. Her pussy is grasping and seemingly sucking on his tool, trying to milk the rod for all she's worth. Her cunt can't get enough of his wonderful cock. The thick head plunging into her hits her G-spot every time, sending quivers and quakes down her spine. His relentless energy is making her addiction to his cock grow stronger and stronger as she wonders what it would be like when he fucks her time and time again. Her fantasies comes in flashes before her. She envisions him fucking her on a beach while everyone watches. She imagines him fucking her in a cinema. In the car park. In the park behind her house. Up a tree house. Everywhere.

Her thoughts and fantasies were interrupted when she felt a vibrating wand rub against her very sensitive clit. Flashes of white light blinds her as her brain overloads from the wonderful fucking rendered by John and the intense stimulation of her love nub by his sex machine. Her mouth is open but no sound escapes her. Her body shakes in an uncontrollable, unexpected climax as waves of pleasure and lust smashes into her lovely young body again and again. She tries catching her breath but with every thrust, John knocks the wind out of her. The robot has a suction tip and gently sucks her clit while vibrating at high intensity. She cums again, splashing the floor with her love juices as she gets the fuck of her life.

With Ashley's ravaged cunt squeezing and milking his feverish cock, John could no longer hold back his own impending orgasm. Ashley felt him twitch hard, deep inside her as he pushes deep inside her in one final thrust. Her pussy grasping tightly onto his wonderful fucking tool, seemingly wanting to swallow it entirely, balls and all. John's bulbous cock head expands and his semen bursts forth, jetting in deep into her welcoming cunt and womb. Her pussy continues milking his still hard cock as streams of semen continues to flood her most sacred organs. Pulling out slightly and then ramming his cock back into Ashley, John brings her to her own wonderful climax. Their bodies, hot and sweaty, intimately interlocked as waves after waves of pure pleasure washes over them.

After all and everything, they both walk out of the restaurant as if nothing has happened. The restaurant promptly resets itself as if nothing has taken place. The crew returns and tidies up what little the machines are unable to. Ashley goes home and John returns to his office, both knowing in their hearts that that is the first of many encounters.

Ashley whispers softly to herself ... promising that the next time they meet, she would be the one showing him a good time.