 After having been asked to leave the club, En Fuego, Ashley, Lynn and I made our way outside and began to search for a cab. The girls were drunk, but not overly so, and we were all horny. It was 10:30pm -- 90 minutes until the ball would drop. We only had to wait maybe two minutes before a cab pulled up. Ashley got in first and slid over, behind the cabbie. My wife, short as she is, sat in the middle and I followed. My wife told the cabbie to take us to the hotel where she had reserved a room (and where her and Ashley got ready before heading out the club to meet me). The drive would only be just a few minutes.

"Oh, my God," Ashley said not too loudly, "Mark's cum is seeping out of my pussy!" 

"Really?" my wife asked. "Did he fill you with a lot of cum?" I could tell she was proud of my virility.

"Yeah, he did and my thong is too little to soak up much of his cum." She replied. She was enjoying playing the provocative little tart.

I looked at the cabbie to see if he could hear and understand them. I wasn't sure but no matter. The girls were in the mood to be naughty and, as was obvious in the club, didn't care who saw them or heard them.

I looked over at the women and noticed Ashley grab my wife's left hand and shove it between Ashley's thighs so that my wife could confirm that my cum was, in fact, seeping out. My wife smiled and cooed. The girls' banter kept my lust near a full boil and my cock began to grow.

"Oh wow! There really is a lot of cum. You're all messy down there!" my wife exclaimed.

Just then the cab arrived at our hotel. I paid the fare and with the valet holding the door we all exited the cab. I watched as the girls got out and, as Ashley slid over to exit, I noticed she spread her legs to give the valet a nice peak up her skirt of her little white panties. It was so overt, so obvious. God I loved her naughtiness!

Lynn led the way to the elevator bank. When the elevator arrived, we climbed in and waited for it to take us to our floor, fairly high up. Once the doors closed, the naughtiness continued.

"My pussy is so wet! Here, feel me." said my wife very loudly. Perhaps she was putting on a little show for security.

Lynn unbuttoned her pants and lowered them to allow access to her crotch. She grabbed Ashley's hand and shoved it in to her panties. 

"Ooh, Lynn, you are dripping wet." Ashley said. "Mark, feel how wet your wife's pussy is."

My hand quickly replaced Ashley's and I slipped a finger up my wife's hairy snatch. Sure enough, she was soaked. My lust was raging and so I kissed my wife hungrily, snaking my tongue down her throat. She returned the passion. The bell chimed, signaling we had arrived at our floor. I removed my finger and hand from my wife's panties. As we exited the elevator, my wife began to command Ashley, in a fairly loud voice. I can only guess that she was hoping there would be some others in range to hear her dirty talk. Either that or she was turning herself on even further. 

"Ashley, when we get in the room, I want you to go down on me and make me cum. I want to see your beautiful face buried in my pussy." Lynn said. 

"And what about me?" I asked sarcastically.

"I'm not sure yet, but you can do whatever you want to Ashley. She's ours for the night." My wife said as she opened the door to the room. We were in a very nice hotel and my wife had reserved some over-sized suite. We entered the large living area with couches, chair and a big screen TV.

Once inside, Ashley excused herself to go to the restroom and disappeared into a bedroom. My wife asked me to go pour us all some wine that she had brought. I did as I was told. I offered my wife her glass of wine and she took a sip. She then came up and began to kiss me, passionately, deeply. Then she backed away to speak.

"Listen, I want us to both enjoy Ashley tonight. There'll be plenty of opportunities for you and me to have sex just the two of us, just like all the years past. But tonight, I'm not looking to have sex with you. This is my night -- my first time and maybe my last time -- to have sex with another woman. And you should treat this like the only time EVER I'll let you have any sex with another woman. Clear?"

I nodded in agreement. I appreciated knowing the rules and expectations up front.

I then pulled my wife close and grabbed her pants -- hugging her ass and hips so tightly -- and began to remove them. Her bright red g-string came into view and I admired the view of her gorgeous, plump ass, accented by this little red fabric. I untied the strings holding her red suede top and removed it, freeing her nicely shaped c-cup tits. I loved my wife's body. I soaked it in with my eyes and she stood there, letting me admire her, knowing I enjoyed removing her clothes.

When I finished stripping her down to her little red g-string, my wife put her glass down and began to undress me. She removed my shoes, belt, pants, shirt and finally my boxers. As she did this I massaged her nice tits and held her gaze with mine. When last she removed my boxers, my erect penis sprung up and gave my sexy little wife a nice little salute.

"I'm back!" Ashley announced as she entered the living area of our hotel suite. 

My jaw hit the floor. Ashley was wearing the lime green bikini top that went with the matching bikini bottoms that had been the object of my tremendous lust this past summer. Those bikini bottoms were mine, back at my house. In its place, she was wearing a micro-bikini in a very similar shade of green. 

"Mark, I put this outfit on just for you. I hope you like it!" Ashley said and turned around as if a model on a catwalk. 

Which she could have been. Both my wife and I shook our heads in disbelief at this perfect young body in front us. And tonight, it existed only for our individual sexual pleasure.

The micro-bikini was essentially a few strings with a small patch of fabric that covered only her slit and -- had she not been shaved -- would have shown her full bush. The patch in the back was a small triangle that did a poor job of covering up the crack of her ass. If it were possible, my dick would have stretched out across the room to her. I wanted to explode. 

Fortunately, I had not imbibed too much alcohol this evening as I wanted to avoid whiskey-dick syndrome. But to compensate, I knew I had to pace myself. While I had plenty of energy to have sex all night, nearing 40 years old, I only had a few shots in my gun, so to speak. I reminded myself I had already shot once tonight and so I had to use the remaining one or two shots wisely.

"Lynn, are you ready for me to lick that wet little pussy of yours?" Ashley asked seductively.

My wife put her glass of wine down and made her way to the couch. She removed her red g-string and tossed it to me and took a seat with her legs spread. I took the panties, quite wet, and lifted them to my nose to inhale the perfect scent of my wife's beautiful pussy. I licked the dampness from the panties. 

Ashley approached Lynn and the two women engaged in a long, deep, kiss for a few minutes. Ashley's arms held her up over Lynn and my wife's hands reached around and grabbed Ashley's tight little ass and ground it in to her own hips and crotch. The women writhed in pleasure as they kissed. Then, my wife grabbed Ashley's pony tail and pulled it down to her crotch, signaling to Ashley that Lynn was ready to be pleasured. I knelt down behind my wife, behind the coach. I wanted to watch this beautiful young thing lick my wife's pussy and pleasure my wife.

Ashley knelt on the floor in front of my wife. While looking at my wife, Ashley reached out a hand and lightly stroked my wife's slit -- framed by her thick dark patch of womanly bush -- up and down, up and down. Nice and slow. 

"Is she still wet, Ashley?" I asked.

Ashley parted my wife's labia and rubbed, a smile coming to her face.

"Oh yes she is. I can smell her already." Ashley replied.

Ashley continued to rub my wife's wet slit, up and down, up and down, taking care not to give any direct attention to my wife's clit. Ashley moved her mouth closer and allowed her hot breath to reach Lynn's pussy. "Ohh! You're teasing me, Ashley. I love it." My wife said.

Ashley kept her mouth close to my wife's slit while continuing to rub it with the back of her hand. My wife kept her grip on Ashley's tight pony tail. Ashley's mouth got closer to Lynn's clit, never touching it, and slowly pushed her tongue out so my wife could see it. And with just a quick flick, Ashley reached out and touched Lynn's clit with her tongue. My wife, eyes wide open as she watched this hot young woman please her, bucked in response to Ashley's tongue.

"Oh god!" my wife shouted. 

Lynn then forced Ashley's mouth down on her cunt and held it there tightly.

"Lick me, Ashley. Make me cum. Make me cum in your mouth." My naughty wife commanded.

Ashley buried her head and began sucking my wife's clit. All I could see was Ashley's head, dark hair in a pony tail, buried in my wife's crotch. Ashley reached out her arms, hooked my wife's legs under the knees and spread my wife wide open, giving her full access to my wife's wet, waiting pussy.

"That's it. Lick me. You're so good at this!" my wife said.

Ashley moaned in enjoyment and her sucking and licking became quite vigorous. The moaning provided some minor vibration on my wife's clit and, coupled with Ashley's warm breath and wet tongue, brought my wife up the edge.

"Oh, Ashley, I could have you do this to me all night, but I want to cum so bad, so much." My wife said.

Ashley lifted her mouth, "Cum for me, Lynn. I want you to cum." And then Ashley returned her face and mouth to my wife's clit. 

Lynn wet her finger tips and began playing with her nipples. I moved to the couch next to Ashley to get a different view. I moved my face closer to see both Ashley going down on my hot wife, and observe my hot wife's facial expressions as Ashley pleasured her. I reached out my right hand and had Ashley reposition her body slightly so I could access her bald snatch. As I watched the action, I found her snatch. The little green bikini was too small to impede me. Ashley's tight pussy was quite wet and I rubbed around, moving the excess wetness up to her clit. When I touched Ashley's clit, she moaned and rocked, too.

"Oh god, here I go!" my wife shouted. 

With both hands, she grabbed Ashley's head and held it firmly in place. Her legs straightened out into the air, spread wide open. The smell of my wife's beautiful pussy filled the air. Ashley's hands, now free, found their way to my wife's erect nipples and began to roll and pinch them. I continued rubbing Ashley's clit furiously with two fingers and Ashley rocked back and forth.

"Ohhh! I'm cumming, Ashley! I'm cumming. Oh god, oh yes!" my wife announced. 

My wife ground Ashley's face into her snatch hard while Ashley licked and sucked my wife's clit and played with Lynn's nipples. Ashley never let up as my wife rode the wave of her orgasm. 

Ashley began to moan and her hips began to shake. I was making her cum. She moaned and shook, but never took her mouth off my wife's pussy. I rubbed her clit furiously in circular motion. She was loving it. Her moans were so loud and her body jerked -- but she never let up on Lynn's cunt.

My wife's sexy little body shook with pleasure and, grabbing Ashley by the pony tail, pulled Ashley's suction cup of a mouth off of her womanly mound. 

"Oh, god, Ashley that was great." My wife said to Ashley. 

And then, much to my surprise, my wife pulled Ashley's gorgeous face to hers and began to kiss Ashley passionately. Surely my wife could taste and smell her own cunt all over Ashley's face -- something she typically avoided. This was a sure sign that she was both drunk (by now just a buzz) and ridiculously turned on. The women kissed as if they were two teenagers who couldn't get enough. My dick was so hard now - I was ready to work on round two. The sounds of light moaning could be heard as they explored each other's mouths with their tongue. Ashley then pulled away and, in a blink, forcefully rolled my wife over so that she was pretty much kneeling on the floor in front of the couch, her torso and head lying on the couch and her plump and curvy ass sticking up and out. And before either my wife or I knew what was happening, Ashley -- now behind my wife and also on her knees -- spread my wife's ass cheeks and found my wife's anus with her tongue. I could not believe it! Ashley was rimming my wife!

"Oh, what are you doing Ashley? Are you sure you want to do that? Oh god, it feels so incredible. Don't stop. Oh my god, it's so good." My wife said.

With her hands holding my wife's ass cheeks apart, Ashley's talented tongue continued to pleasure my wife. The sight of Ashley's head buried into my wife's sexy ass was too much for me. My head was swimming with lust and my cock ached for relief. I moved around to the other side of the girls so that I was facing them, Ashley on my left and my wife on my right. My cock was pointing right at the right side of Ashley's face, still buried in Lynn's ass. I spit into the palm of my right hand and began furiously pumping my cock. This went on for a few minutes. 

"Talk to me, Lynn. Tell me what Ashley is doing to you." I said breathlessly.

"Oh, Mark. She's fucking my ass with her tongue and it feels so good. It's so intense." My wife responded. 

Ashley then came up for a little air and, when she did, I grabbed her head with my left hand and shoved my thick, smooth cock in her mouth and began to thrust my hips, pushing my dick in and out of her soft, wet mouth. I was now fucking Ashley's mouth. This went on for just a few dozen seconds and then I felt the urge rise through my balls and withdrew my cock. I did not want to cum just yet. Ashley returned to my wife's ass and resumed fucking it with her tongue.

"Oh yeah, don't stop Ashley. Don't stop!" my wife commanded. Ashley reached down and spread my wife's legs as wide as they would allow. I could see Ashley's tongue go in and out of my wife's tight little ass hole, her head plunging up and down between my wife's ass cheeks. Ashley then took one of her hands and reached up to my wife's perfectly hairy pussy.

"Oh, Ashley wait, wait. What are you doing?" my wife asked.

"What? Tell me!" I said, unable to see what Ashley was doing to my wife with her hand.

"Oh shit! Oh Ashley! She has several fingers in my pussy Mark. They're really deep." My wife informed me.

My wife was not a fan of anything inside her except a cock or a tongue. She rarely let me insert any fingers and, if she did, only one at a time. But here, filled with lust borne of a very sexy young woman, my wife had removed some barriers so Ashley could literally please her like never before. I continued pumping my cock with my right hand, adding spit as needed. After another few minutes of Ashley tonguing my wife's ass hole and finger-fucking her, I pulled Ashley's head away and, again, shoved my cock in her mouth. And, again, I fucked her beautiful mouth. I was now ramming my cock in and out of her. Ashley never struggled, never gagged, never stopped. She was a true sex machine. She was phenomenal. 

As I face-fucked Ashley, Ashley continued to finger-fuck my wife. The sight of my wife, bent over with her gorgeous ass in the air, getting finger-fucked by Ashley was mesmerizing. I was drunk with lust, with pleasure. 

I could tell my wife was trying to spread her hips ever wider to allow Ashley's fingers easier access to her snatch. 

"Oh, that's it Ashley, stretch me. Open me wide. I want to take all of it in." my wife said. 

Ashley couldn't respond as I continued to push my engorged cock in and out of her mouth.

"Oh, Mark. Ashley has her whole hand in my pussy. I've never felt so stretched before. Oh it's incredible. I'm getting close." Lynn said.

I pulled my cock out of Ashley's mouth.

"Do you really have your whole hand inside my wife's pussy?" I asked her incredulously. 

"Yeah, all the way up to my wrist. I have a slender hand." Ashley responded with a smile.

I then pushed Ashley's head towards my wife's ass. Ashley's warm wet tongue found my wife's waiting anus and resumed rimming her. Ashley's head and pony tail bounced up and down, up and down as Ashley used her tongue to ass-fuck my wife. Ashley's head picked up speed, as did my right hand stroking my cock. I was close, too. I loved the site of Ashley's cute pony tail bouncing up and down. I could see Ashley sawing her left hand and assumed she was giving my wife the pussy fuck of a life-time.

"Oh, I'm cumming again! Don't stop Ashley. Keep fucking my ass, fucking my pussy!" my wife ordered. "Oh god, I'm cumming."

Ashley's hand never stopped fucking my wife's pussy, but Ashley pushed her head down so as to shove her tongue as far up my wife's ass as possible and held it there. My wife shrieked in pleasure. Surely, guests in adjacent rooms had to have heard her. I didn't care and neither did the ladies.

And then my orgasm was upon me. I could feel an enormous load and I moved so that the swollen tip of my cock head was pointed at Ashley's face still buried in Lynn's ass cheeks. 

"Oh Lynn, I'm cumming now. Oh yeah, I'm gonna cum on Ashley's face!" I announced. "Oh yeah, all over her face and your ass!"

I fired away, shooting giant ropes of cum that covered the side of Ashley's face and all over my wife's right ass cheek. My left hand grabbed Ashley by the pony tail and held her face down in Lynn's ass. I stroked my thick cock until I had emptied my balls, making sure I had squeezed out every last drop of my warm, sticky semen. I then took my cock and rubbed it against my wife's ass, spreading the cum all over her ass cheeks as if I was buttering a piece of toast. 

Ashley removed her tongue from my wife's ass and greedily took my cock in her mouth. She sucked my cock clean and the sensation of her warm, wet mouth on my cock -- still twitching and sensitive from my orgasm -- was exquisite. When done cleaning my cock, Ashley began to lap up the cum that was coating my wife's ass. She was so thorough, so gentle -- so impossibly sexy. She knew instinctively what we wanted, what we needed and how to provide it. She was the perfect sexual playmate for my wife and me.

As we all dismounted from each other, Ashley picked her head up and gazed around the room. 

"Oh my god, look! It's almost midnight! Turn on the TV so we can watch the ball drop!" She announced excitedly. 

Sure enough, it was 11:55pm. My wife and Ashley, naked, smelling of the wonderful musky yet fragrant scent of sex, curled up on the couch together. They turned on the TV. I quickly found a blanket for them and they snuggled together like lovers. My wife directed me to the fridge, where I found a bottle of champagne. I quickly opened it, found some more glasses and poured three. I found my way to the couch, served drinks and the girls made room for me in between them. We snuggled, we kissed and we toasted the New Year as the ball dropped.

Another year was over. But this escapade of mind-blowing sex, of gorgeous women loving each other, loving me, was not.