 Chapter One - Sunday

My name is Ashley. I live in Las Vegas. I'm paid well for what I do and I do it well. I do it well because I enjoy doing it. If I weren't doing this, I don't know what I'd do. I'm a high class escort that provides a wide variety of services to my clients. Not anyone can be an escort. Many try and fail and end up as common hookers giving blowjobs off of street corners. That's not me. 

First, you have look like an upscale provider. It pays to shop at high end lingerie boutiques to look the part from head to toe. Next, you need a well-designed website with quality photographs. You need to have your hair done and look sultry for these photographs. They're your business card. You need to know how to seduce, pleasure and entertain your clients. Or they won't come back. One of the best techniques to master is the erotic massage. Most men want this. There are others that want you to know the tantra techniques as well. These are essential. 

Enough about me, though. I've divulged too many trade secrets as it is. I don't want to be a bitch about it, but I have work to do. I'll tell you whatever you want to know about my clients this past week. Let's start on Sunday. 

Sunday I was booked by a rich man who gambled too much. He left enough money in the casino to put several strippers through actual college, and then decided to spend the last of his allowance on me. I'd seen him once before. He had a special kink that got him off. He liked to be watched when he was fucking. Anyone. Public sex was his middle name, so to speak.

After receiving the call and calling him back to confirm, I arranged a time to meet at his place. We'd agreed that he would have someone else in the room to watch. That was extra. I arrived and knocked on the door. We'll call him John Sunday, for purposes of anonymity. John Sunday answered the door with a big smile.

"Welcome, welcome! Come on in," and extended his hand to take mine. He lead me in to the oversized room and over on the couch I noticed another man. They were both handsome and well-groomed. All of a sudden I felt a small nervousness, which was normal for me once I arrived. I didn't mind feeling nervous. I figured when I stopped being alert I could wind up dead. This job had its downside. 

"Shall we get started?" I asked and looked to the dresser to assure my donation, pre-arranged, was waiting for me. It was. A small stack of 100 dollar bills. This time, however, he cutely left a rose laying on top. I was wearing a black mini and a matching silk top. I walked toward the dresser to set down my purse, next to the money.

"Hell, yeah, I'm ready!" John laughed. He had been wearing only a white hotel robe when I came in the room. I turned around and now he was wearing nothing. At all.

"So much for foreplay," I giggled at him slowly taking steps toward him, keeping an eye on his friend. "Aren't you going to introduce me to your friend?"

"Pardon my manners," he apologized. "This is, uh, Marty," he lied. "He's going to sit there quietly in exchange for getting to watch his own personal porno. Marty, this is Ashley and she's the perfect 34-24-34," he chuckled.

"Hello Marty," I said to him with a sexy smile. You never know who might be a future client. I turned to John Sunday and licked my lips. "How would you like to begin?" I asked with my cutest sexy voice.

"I'd like for you to suck this thing to life," he said, groping himself and holding his cock in his hand. I am sometimes inwardly disappointed at sizes and shapes. John Sunday was one of those. A disappointment. I'd pulled a (small) condom from my purse when I set it down and had it ready in my hand. Always. Be. Prepared. No glove, no love. I also carried different sizes. 

I took a couple of steps to the bed and grabbed a pillow off of it, laying it gently on the floor in front of John Sunday's feet. Then I kneeled down on to my knees, placing them on the pillow. I was eye level with his flaccid penis now, so I looked up at him and licked my lips with a smile. I took him in to my hand and began to gently squeeze and stroke him with slow, long strokes from the bottom of the shaft to the head. He was still too soft to put the condom on in my other hand, but he was starting to grow.

I continued to stroke him, now gripping a little tighter as he continued to grow in my hand, rubbing his penis on my cheek and breathing loud enough that he could hear me and believe I was excited. I wasn't, yet. The room was awfully quiet. I glanced over at Marty and he was rubbing himself through his jeans. It probably wouldn't be long before he took it out. I was starting to like the thought of a voyeur. 

Sunday was now hard and looking down at my face when I looked back up at him, "Suck it, baby," he whispered to me. I took the condom and opened it, placing it at the tip of his head and beginning to roll it on. I tossed the wrapper to the side and then placed my mouth on top of the condom, using my tongue, lips and hand to push it back and unroll it. Cherry. Always purchase flavored condoms. It's worth it. 

Now that we were all set, I plunged my mouth deeply over his hard erection and moaned out loud. I learned early on that the more noise I made, usually helped speed the process along. I heard Sunday say to Marty, "Enjoying the show buddy?" and they both enjoyed a laugh and a chuckle. That was me. The entertainment.

Sunday pulled out of my drooling mouth and stood me up, "Strip. Please," he asked. He wasn't really asking. He was used to getting what he wanted. And I was getting paid more than usual, so I complied. 

"As you wish," and I took off my top and folded it neatly, setting it near my purse. Then, while watching them watching me, I slipped off my skirt and also folded it neatly, laying it by my purse. I stood there in my heels, matching lacy panties and bra and realized that they were both staring at me, each with a hand on their cock. Marty had unzipped and now had his exposed. It was large. I was impressed.

I reached behind me and unsnapped my bra and let it slip over my shoulders and down, exposing myself. Then, after setting it down as well I pulled my panties down to my ankles and slipped them off, one foot at a time. I wasn't even putting on a show with swaying hips or anything and the boys seemed to be enjoying what they saw based on the stroking. It was time to help out over there. 

I walked back to Sunday and told him, "Ready when you are."

He put his hands on my hips and slowly rotated me around, facing away from him, and facing Marty, seated on on the couch. Then he ran his hands down my back from my shoulders and grabbed me by the hips, pushing me to bend over. I was a fan of this position, so I was happy to oblige. Giving Marty a show, I ran my hands around my breasts, squeezing them as I bent over toward him. I looked in to his eyes and winked, running my hands down and grabbing my ankles.

Sunday pushed up against me and I felt his dick, still protected, slide in to me. "Ohhhhh, fuck...me..." I moaned back to him as he began to slowly slide in and out. I looked up at Marty and he was stroking himself a little more quickly now, breathing heavily. 

Marty said to me, "Want to give him a hand, sweetie?" I was getting paid nicely and I have to make a split decision on whether to upcharge. 

Always upcharge. "That'll be extra baby," I said as I whimpered softly to his penetration. He continued to thrust.

"$200," he grunted and started fucking me a little harder. "You owe me, Marty!" he laughed.

I decided to show him my approval rather than say it. I raised my hand and with my finger motioned Marty to come to me. He stood up immediately and walked over to me, dick bobbing and hanging out as he did. I raised up to his hip level and grabbed him with him hands, stroking him about the same speed I'd watched him go at it. I wanted him to cum soon so I wasn't here all day. 

Marty began to groan as my hands sped up, gripping him tightly. Meanwhile, behind me my hips were being grabbed tightly as Sunday slammed into me repeatedly, giving me light slaps on the ass. 

I sense both of them getting close so I decided to continue my moans and turn up the volume. "Yes, baby, FUCK. ME." I shouted out. They were easy customers. Marty began to shake and grabbed me by the shoulders groanly loudly. It was time. His cum began to shoot out across the space between us, and I aimed him for my tits. He came quite a bit. I wanted to go down on his meaty tool, but he had no condom on. No glove, no love. 

A moment later, I felt Sunday expand slightly inside me and he threw his head back shouting, "I LOVE YOU VEGAS," as he emptied himself inside the condom, inside me. Marty had come down from his high and was laughing at his friend and staring at my cum-covered titties. "Thank you, so much Ashley," Sunday said as he turned me around and started to give me a big hug. I was going to let him, but he stopped himself when he realized he almost came in contact with his friend's jizz. I would have laughed at that one. 

I cleaned up using one of the guest towels and received my additional two hundred dollar donation and gathered my things as I dressed. The boys began to drink and offered me one. I declined. Never drink and fuck on the job, if you can help it. I'd made over two thousand dollars for that brief encounter. I kissed Sunday on the lips and said goodbye. I walked over to Marty and cupped his crotch and smiled a goodbye to him as well, hoping he'd call and I could feel something a little bigger inside.