 Chapter 5 - Thursday

The morning after. Rather, the afternoon after. I had gone home and finally fell into a deep sleep and woke up around 4:00 in the afternoon. I showered and grabbed some water, but the thought of eating made me nauseous. I did my hair and my makeup and picked out an outfit. Now I just needed to get out of this place and find something to do. I checked my computer and I had a ton of emails. I just looked at the top five and picked one out. A couple. I hadn't been with a couple in a long time. The email read, "Looking for someone to pamper and take care of. Someone to make them feel special." I teared up, which pissed me off because of my makeup and because I didn't like feeling emotional. But I wanted someone to take care of me.

I emailed them back and asked them to call me to set up a time. I was living recklessly by seeing people I hadn't seen before and the drinking and drugs. I was getting pissed at myself. The phone rang and it was a woman. It was the better half of the couple and she was very nice and sweet. We arranged to meet for dinner at the buffet at Harrah's. A nice public place. The conversation made me feel like they were looking for someone to share between them. I was ok with that. More attention for me.

Later, I was standing outside the entrance to the buffet, wearing all black like I described, with my hair in a ponytail. I turned and looked and this couple, maybe in their 40's, was walking up to me. They looked happy together. They were holding hands. They were obviously from out of town and doing their own "taboo" sexual kink in Vegas. I could tell by the matching "I heart Vegas" t-shirts they had on. They made me smile at their cuteness. They approached me.

"Ashley?" the woman asked.

"Yes, I am!" I replied with some fake glee in my voice and a big fake smile. I shook their hands. 

"I'm Marie and this is my husband Carl. It's so exciting to meet you," she giggled. I could tell she walked or jogged regularly because her body seemed tone for her age. I could see wrinkles and maybe some signs of "we party and drink too much", especially around the eyes of Carl. He had an average body, but was at the beginning stages of letting his tummy go. 

"It's a pleasure to meet you both. Would you like to go eat?" I asked. 

"Would you like to just grab a drink or two instead?" Marie said with a wink. In my mind, I threw up at the thought. But these were paying customers. 

"Sure! Let's go to the bar!" I said excitedly. I wanted to punch myself in the face at the thought of drinking. We walked over to a bar and sat down. They sat on each side of me so that I was in the middle. The sounds of slot machines and gaming surrounded us. We ordered drinks. I had a glass of white wine.

"We have a room upstairs, for whenever and whatever," Carl grinned at me. 

"Great! That's so convenient. Well let's talk," I sipped my wine. "What would you like to see happen tonight?" I asked inquisitively. 

Marie was the first to speak up with a serious look on her face, "We want to cuddle and pamper you. We want to make you feel special and cared for. We want to explore you."

"Ok, after meeting me and seeing me, is that still what you want?" I asked. My low self-esteem was making me say stupid shit.

"Absolutely," they both said in stereo. Aw. Married couples.

"Awesome. I'd like that, too." I smiled shyly and blushed a little. And I did want it. I finished up my glass of wine and felt a little better physically. They asked me if I wanted another so I said yes. Suddenly I felt Carl's hand on my leg and looked up at him. He was winking at Marie. As I turned to look at Marie, I felt her hand on my other leg. It wasn't completely sexual, yet, but I liked the feeling of multiple hands on me.

"Why don't we think about going upstairs?" I smiled at both of them. They paid the tab and we walked to the elevators. As we climbed on on the elevator I noticed it was empty and we began our ascent to the upper floors. Marie and Carl began kissing in the corner immediately as I watched them. They were pretty passionate about their makeout session and I could see from the bulge in his pants that he was getting hard. 

We arrived in the room and I sat on the bed. They offered me another drink but I passed and asked for water. I wanted to enjoy this. Carl nervously talked and laughed and went to the dresser and pulled out some cash from an envelope. He started to hand it to me and I asked him to just leave it on the dresser. Marie had made herself a drink and was taking off her shoes. 

I stood up and thanked them for the evening so far and laid my purse on top of the donation. "Would you like me to get comfortable yet?" I asked. I wanted to know what their pace would be.

"Absolutely, I'd love to watch that," Marie chimed in. She was sitting back relaxed and sipping her drink. Carl just shook his head yes in agreement. I began to unzip my little black dress from the neck and pulled it slowly down my back. Then I slipped it over my shoulders and let it quietly slip down across my breasts to my hips. I had a black lacey bra and matching panties on underneath. I pushed the skirt down to my ankles and stepped out of it. 

"More?" I smiled big and looked at them. They both quietly nodded yes. I unclasped my bra and slowly let it slip over my shoulders. I held it against my breasts and then let it slip down, exposing my nipples. They were hard. I dropped my bra to the floor and touched my nipples, tweaking them and squeezing my breasts. They were both watching me with shallow breasts. I liked their attention to me. Then I reached down and pushed my panties to my ankles. I stepped out of them and ran a hand along my vagina, cupping it and sliding a finger along my slit. 

I walked to the bed and laid down on it slowly, watching them. They both stood and quickly undressed. Marie had a nice body and though her tits sagged and didn't have much perk, she had beautiful, long nipples. I looked forward to sucking on them and licked my lips. Carl was an average body and plenty of chest hair. He was already hard and had an average sized penis. I was ok with that because I knew I could deep throat him. 

They laid down on each side of me and both, without talking, began to kiss my body and touch me all over. I felt four hands, two mouths, and the occasional licks everywhere. "Ohhhh, this feels nice," I moaned softly. I was really enjoying it and put my head back with my eyes closed. They continued and one hand began to rub my wet slit and pushed a finger inside. I moaned again, softly. Then, I felt a tongue circling my clit as my legs were pushed apart. I looked down and it was Marie. She was going down on me while Carl sucked on my nipples and ran his hands all over. It took about two to three minutes before I couldn't take anymore and put my hand on the back of Marie's head and pressed her against me, cumming on her mouth.

Marie climbed up and whispered in my ear, "May I sit on your face?" I smiled and nodded yes. She continued to climb up and straddled my mouth with her legs. I leaned to the side and kissed her inner thigh and kept kissing my way up to her clean shaven, and surprisingly clean smelling pussy. I licked. I used the tip of my tongue and ran it up and down along her clit. She was moving her hips and moaning loudly. Carl, meanwhile, was sitting in the chair near us, watching. He was slowly stroking himself and waiting. After a few minutes she really began to buck her hips and screamed out, "Fuck. Yes. Ashley," as she came. I sensed a slightly different taste, not bad, when she did. My face was wet with her juices and my saliva as she climbed off. She kissed me and licked around my lips to taste herself. 

Then Carl got up and came over to whisper in my ear, "Can I straddle your face, too?" he asked innocently. I laughed and nodded yes. I hadn't protected myself going down on Marie, so I reluctantly decided to forego the condom this time. I hated doing it but I was going to have to get tested next week. Bareback. I sighed internally. He was also clean shaven and that made me happy. He straddled my chest and licked his hand and then moistened his dick with it. Laying his shaft on my chest, I could see he wanted to titty fuck. I pushed my boobs up around his shaft and he began to piston in and out. I leaned my head up and stuck my tongue out so his head would glide across my it. I tasted precum and it was salty and good. I made soft moaning sounds even though this did nothing for me. 

Marie was now sitting and watching and playing with herself. I could tell they'd discussed this and what they wanted to do. Carl unmounted my chest and climbed up next to my face on his knees so his dick was in front of my mouth. I knew that queue. I took him in to my mouth and began to suck and lick and felt Marie climb up on the other side of me. She put her face next to mine and kissed Carl's belly. He pulled out of my mouth and pushed himself into her mouth. Then after a few strokes, he pushed back into mine. I almost laughed at the musical chairs aspect of this. Or maybe it was more like Russian roulette. Any minute and this gun would go off. I reached up and stroked him hard and fast and heard him groan. Then Marie put her mouth over his head while I stroked. For some reason, I wanted the prize, so I pulled him down and in to my mouth with a wicked grin to Marie. And then I felt the warm splash at the back of my throat and covering my tongue. I swallowed quickly and Marie pulled him out of my mouth and into hers. Some cum leaked out of my mouth and some splashed my cheek and she swallowed the rest. 

Marie leaned down and licked the cum off of my face and kissed me on the lips. When she did I realized she hadn't swallowed and she was spitting his cum into my mouth. I swallowed again, a bit in surprise. Carl watched us and moaned. 

After we all settled down the three of us cuddled up with me in between. We fell asleep that way and I was comfortable. I felt safe and wanted, for a moment.

That night, after I got home, I showered and slept like a baby.