 Louis mauled Ashley's huge tits with both hands and ravaged her nipples with his mouth. His huge cock slid back and forth between her lips, grinding on her swollen, sensitive clit. She wanted everything this huge man could give her. She ran her hands down his muscled back and grabbed his tight butt. His thick shaft ground against her clit while his fat head pushed past her belly button. He put his immensity against the lips of her pussy and started to push, her breath caught in her throat, she was dying in anticipation-

Her phone started to ring. She groggily rolled over. The sun was peeking through the blinds. "Fuck," she croaked. She answered the phone, "Hey babe what's up?" 

"Not much, I really liked those pictures you sent me last night," said Brian, "they're so fucking hot." 

She could hear the ragged tone to his voice, and knew he was turned on, "are you touching yourself?" she asked, as her hand wandered between her legs.

"Maybe... Yeah definitely," he laughed. "It's been a while," he groaned, then moaned, turning her on, "fuck it's hard. And swollen." 

She rubbed her clit with a steady rhythm, feeling herself getting slick, "tell me about it baby," she whispered.

"It's so hard and big, I don't know how I fit all this in you," he bragged, "God, and my balls feel so heavy, fuck..." 

"Well you know how I love huge cocks," She moaned, closing her eyes.

"You mean MY huge cock," he asserted.

"You know what I mean baby," as she thought about Louis and Anna the other night, remembering her head bobbing on Louis's massive cock. She licked her lips and squirmed, breathing hard into the phone. "So fucking big..." she moaned. 

"God I love hearing you say that!" Brian groaned. 

"The biggest I've ever fucking seen," she moaned, thinking about Anna's hands on Louis's fat shaft, thinking about putting her own hands around it.

"Fuck-I'm cumming!" Exclaimed Brian.

She thought about Louis cumming his massive load, she thought about it smothering her huge tits, she wanted it, she wanted it so bad...

She squealed and bit her lip as her orgasm rocked through her. It lasted far longer than Brian's. She finished, panting.

"Wow, that was really hot, glad I turn you on so much" he bragged. 

"Yeah," she groaned, "That huge cock really turns me on..." 

Ashley lounged on the couch waiting for her pizza. Her tits were almost entirely exposed. Her nipples were covered by a loose shirt that showed her ample breasts. It was long enough to justify not wearing anything else, except for lacy blue panties. The doorbell rang and Ashley bounced to the door, lifting her shirt slightly to keep her boobs from falling out. She opened the door and exclaimed confused, "Louis?!"

He looked up from the receipt and grinned, "Yeah I'm part time now for Pizza Bros," his eyes drifted down to her chest and stopped, along with his brain. "Woah," he said intelligently. 

She bit her pouty lip like a vixen, crossing her arms in front of her, asking doe eyed and innocent," so did you bring me some extra sausage? I've been dying to get some juicy meat in my mouth," Ashley giggled, unable to keep a straight face. 

Louis grinned his cocky grin and stepped though the threshold, closing the door behind him, and throwing the pizza on the floor.

"Louis what the fuck!" screamed Ashley at the demise of her pizza.

Louis pulled down his zipper and shoved a hand into his jeans, "I've got plenty of meat for you!"

"Louis I have a boyfriend you assho-"the fury in her voice quickly softened, "-ooh, oh wow."

His cock hung heavily from his crotch. It was soft, and big like she remembered. "So you actually gonna suck it this time or just tease me?" 

She needed no encouragement. Her knees hit the floor so hard a teapot fell over in China. Her hand grabbed his fat shaft and she pushed her head down on the entire thing, feeling his course hair against her face. She held it there for a moment, then pulled it out with a loud wet "Pop!" It was already standing up and growing in front of her face. She vigorously licked the shaft, till it was lubed enough to wrap both her hands around it, then eagerly milked it licking his fat pink head. She moaned, feeling her wetness between her legs and the aching that was there. He continued to stiffen in her hands, groaning and grabbing her hair. 

She stopped for a moment, panting and gazing at the big man, "Oh my God it's fucking big," she said lustily, "it's even bigger than I remember!" 

"Yeah." Said the man. He leaned over and put his hands under her arms standing her up, then pushed her around and leaned her on the couch.

"Oh, I guess we're doing this now," she giggled as he lifted her shirt and tore her panties off with his huge hands. He pushed his massive head up to her soaked lips and rubbed it back and forth. "I'm gonna fuck you in half," he grunted.

"Prove it," she begged. 

It slid in and-

Her alarm blared though her bedrooms dim morning light. She realized it had been a dream. She was extremely wet. Extremely turned on. And excruciatingly frustrated. The entire week her dreams had been sex none-stop. Even when she was awake she kept thinking about it. She felt guilty about how often it was Louis she thought about. She thought maybe it was time to invest in a vibrator. Her hand drifted between her legs, finding her clit. 

"Brian..." she moaned, rubbing steadily. 

"Brian..." she moaned softly.

She paused

"Louis," she said, voice cracking.

"Louis!" she squealed, getting close.

Her back arched and his name got caught in her throat, her body quivered. 

She sunk back down, feeling somewhat relieved. "I need to get ready for work." She told herself. "Oh and I'm seeing Anna tonight." Her eyes went wide at the realization. Butterfly's bounced around her stomach. Her hand went back between her legs, moving slowly, "Louis will be there..."