 I'm Jay, a young, twenty-something business professional. At the risk of sounding a little conceited, I consider myself to be a good looking guy. I'm fairly athletic and work out at the gym to stay in good shape. I am a recent university grad, so I have just started my climb up the corporate ladder; I'm not exactly raking in the big bucks yet... even though I'm working like I am!. To help make ends meet I'm renting a downtown condo with two friends of mine, Geoff and Ashley.

Geoff is my best friend, has been since high school. I moved from a small rural village to the big city in my grade 9 year... talk about culture shock. Geoff befriended me early in the school year and helped me so much with the transition, and we've been best buds ever since. He really is a true friend, he has my back at all times, and I have his. We both went through business school together and flourished, graduating at the top of our class. Now we are making our way out into the world. We both work in the business district for big, powerful corporations. He's a marketing whiz, while I'm skilled in matters financial. That may be why we worked so well together in school, he had the big ideas and knew how to sell them, and I was able to structure things and ground them in financial reality. We worked hard and partied harder in school... hell, we still do! But now we are in that awkward phase of trying to grow up while not wanting to lose sight of the good times. My parents told me that living through one's 20s can be a strange, awkward experience. I'm only starting to realize how right they are.

Ashley is Geoff's other best friend, and she has been a great friend to me since high school as well. Ashley and Geoff grew up together in the same neighbourhood; they've known each other all their lives. They know so much about each other, probably even more than each of their parents do. They finish each other's sentences all the time, it's like they're twins or something; it never fails to make me smile. She went to the same university Geoff and I did, but took a different path, studying English and the arts. She wants to be a university professor, so she's currently taking her Master's to help achieve that goal, working as a T.A. and proctor at the U to make ends meet.

Oh, one other thing about Ashley... for the longest time, she had been the bane of my existence.

Strange thing to say about such a good friend, right? Well, allow me to explain.

In my time I've had the pleasure of the company of my share of attractive ladies. I'm not indiscriminate in my sexual activity, but I'm not inexperienced either. At first I tended to go towards the kinds of girls most young guys like... the popular girl, cheerleader types. One night in my university days, however, that all changed.

I had one drunken hook up with a girl who definitely fell into the BBW category. We were at a rockin' house party, lots of people, beer, weed and good times. Somehow the two of us ended up by ourselves in a spare bedroom. She pulled out a joint for us to share, and we smoked it, just chilling talking about stuff. Then, out of the blue, she kissed me. Despite my high and mellow state, I was shocked. She kissed me again, and this time I reciprocated. One thing led to another and we were naked and getting it on hot and heavy. She had a lovely, soft, curvy body, but she was also firm and fit, and she did things to me that, at that time, I never felt with any other girl. The sex was incredible. We both fell asleep afterwards, but when I woke up she was gone. I never even got her name nor her number.

Regardless, I was hooked. From then on I searched for girls who were pretty and had it together, yet were also curvy and voluptuous. Skinny just didn't do it for me anymore; I wanted the feel of soft, big breasts, shapely legs, and big yet firm buttocks.

Naturally, my buddies picked up on this and started calling me "fat lover", "chubby chaser" and so on. At first it didn't affect me; guys wisecrack on each other all the time, it's just what guys do. I gave each of them shit for one thing or another, so this just became their go-to laugh at my expense. But I thought about it after a while, and it really started to bother me. Society already makes too many demands and dictates on us all. The pressure on women to fit the "accepted" forms of beauty is so harsh, and too many women that don't fit the ideal find their self-esteem shattered. And that is just wrong. I'm not intending to be holier-than-thou, goodness knows I've said and done hurtful things to others for no good reason. But I guess when something like this affects you personally, you become more sensitive to that criticism and realize just how cruel it is. Anyway, even though I tried my best to pretend this was no big deal, Geoff sensed how I really felt and would thus try to deflect the verbal shots directed at me and to steer conversation in a different direction. He also told me in private that it didn't matter what kind of women I liked, that I should just go for what I wanted if it made me happy. God bless him for that.

So, you may ask, how does this relate to Ashley? Well, if I were to describe my vision of the perfect woman in physical form, it would be Ashley. No question about it, she is angelic.

Of course, I didn't realize this until years after meeting her. At first, in high school, she didn't make a huge impression on me. After not too long I got to know her and like her a lot as a friend. But I just saw her as "one of the guys"... just part of the regular crew of friends Geoff and I hung around with in those days. Soon after my encounter with "mystery voluptuous girl", however, I started to view Ashley in a totally different way. I saw her physical features for what they were, total female perfection. I already knew what a great person she was after being friends for so long, but now that I was awakened to her outer beauty I wanted to be more than friends with Ashley... so much more than friends. And when we all moved into the same condo, my desires for her only intensified.

One Saturday, Geoff was off to the gym so it was just Ashley and I in the condo that morning. I was just waking up after going out with a few drinks with friends from work the night before. I got out of bed, stretched, and headed toward the main bathroom, just across the hall. I opened my bedroom door, but what I saw after opening it just a crack instantly froze me in my tracks. The bathroom door was more than half open, and in the bathroom mirror I could, for the first time ever, clearly see Ashley completely naked in all her glory. Ashley could not see me from her position, so she had no idea I had such access. She must have thought I would be sleeping off the effects of the previous night for a while longer, and with Geoff gone she therefore didn't take the precaution of fully closing the door to safeguard her privacy. In any case, the sight of her angelic form immediately made me rock, solid hard.

She had just finished showering and was towelling herself off. Her wavy blonde, shoulder-length hair, recently tinged at the salon with dark brown streaks, fell invitingly around her round, beautiful face. Even from this distance I was drawn into her piercing blue eyes. Her very large, round and firm breasts were a revelation. They had no droop to them whatsoever and were practically begging to be massaged, kissed and suckled. Her hourglass shape and feminine curves were driving me mad. I could see just a hint of her pretty pussy, and couldn't help but notice she kept that area neat and well-trimmed. At one point, she accidentally dropped her towel behind her, so she had to turn around and pick it up, allowing me a view of her ample, shapely rear end. Part of me felt wrong about being such a blatant voyeur, but I just could not help myself; it was nearly all I could do to keep myself from running into the bathroom and ravishing her right there on the spot. After a few minutes, she put her bathrobe on and moved towards the door, so I moved out of eyesight as quietly and quickly as I could. I waited until I heard her go in her bedroom and then a couple minutes after that before going into the bathroom myself. I took a long, hot shower and masturbated furiously a couple of times, thinking of nothing other than what it would be like to kiss her, to touch her soft skin, to experience every inch of her curvy, womanly, angelic body.

Predictably, as awkward as it was becoming to live under the same roof as Ashley, after that day it just became many times worse. I wanted little more than to kiss her, feel her sexy body against mine, and make love to her for hours on end. But how do you tell one of your best friends in life that you want to make her your lover? What if she says no? I could lose her as a friend, and I couldn't bear that. I also convinced myself that if things went completely wrong I could even lose Geoff as a friend... and to drive myself away from two of the most important people in my life was just unthinkable. So for a long time I tried to keep up the façade of being happy, but inside I was completely miserable and constantly afraid that everyone in my life, especially Geoff and Ashley, would soon notice and question me.

The whole situation was driving me insane. In fact, I think it was pure insanity that led me to act as I did on that fateful day.

It was another Saturday, in early spring. I was just coming home from the gym. I opened my apartment door and said "Hello? Anyone home?" There was no response. I dropped my gym gear off in my bedroom, and as I passed by the other two bedrooms in the hall, both doors were open and no one was in either of them. I shrugged, figuring both Geoff and Ashley were out shopping or running errands or something like that. I went to the kitchen and made myself something to eat. I then went to the living room to see what was on TV...

... where, much to my surprise, I saw Ashley.

She was lying on the couch, stomach down, sleeping. Had she been here all this time without me realizing it? Apparently so. I thought to myself, "Well, I guess I should leave, let Ashley have her nap and her privacy. Maybe I'll go in my bedroom and listen to the radio. Or surf the net and see what's going on. Wait, maybe I'll go out for a coffee and see if Geoff or anyone else is around to hang out with. Yeah, I really should go now and do something like that."

Except I didn't move at all. It was like I was rooted to that spot. I was transfixed by Ashley's round, shapely ass. It was covered by the LuluLemon pants she was wearing... but otherwise, it was there in all its glory, just crying out to be kissed, caressed and fondled. I finally started to move, trying to convince myself that I was going to leave the room, but once again my body disobeyed and acted of its own accord.

I got down on my knees and lightly brushed my hands across Ashley's butt and marvelled at how firm and soft it was. Then I planted gentle little kisses on each of her cheeks, first the left one, then the right. Part of me inside was screaming that this was wrong, it was SO VERY WRONG! But I was so horny, I wanted more... no, I NEEDED more! I slowly, ever so slowly, took hold of Ashley's pants and slid them down, trying to be careful not to wake her but overwhelmed with desire to see Ashley's ass free from its restrictive clothing. Her pale white flesh was mesmerizing. I kissed her bare left cheek, feeling her skin on one of her most sacred parts of her beautiful body for the first time. Feeling especially bold, I then gave her a little lick. And another. And...

"Jay?"

It was so soft as to be almost inaudible, but there was no mistaking the sound of that voice. Ashley had awakened, had noticed me and surely wondered just exactly what in the hell I was doing. I was caught like a rat in a trap. My breath stuck in my throat. "What have I done?" I asked myself. I got this ridiculous idea that, maybe if I didn't look at her, this whole episode would be a figment of my imagination, or maybe a feverish dream, and I'd be able to leave the room and act like nothing ever happened.

"Jay?" A little louder this time, but still whisper-soft.

I looked up. I had no choice. I saw Ashley's head tilted back, looking at me from over her shoulder. I expected her to be furious with me, or even worse, sad and disappointed that I would ruin everything in such a selfish way. But the expression on her face was completely unreadable. It was drawing out the torture (and this most definitely was torture now, no question about it) of waiting to see what her reaction to this crazy act would be. Her blue eyes were staring intently at me, piercing through my very soul, stabbing me deeper than any knife ever could. We were probably locked frozen like this for only seconds, but it felt like hours, days even. I was desperate to break the silence, but what could I say to get myself out of this predicament? I could only fumble and stutter, "Ash... I... uh... you see... I..."

"Jay." No hint of a question in her voice this time. No hint of anything in that voice, to be perfectly honest. It was enough to shut me up. The silence hung thick in the air again, until Ashley decided to break it.

"You know, Jay, I don't recall asking you to stop."

My mind was blown. Did she really want me to continue? I looked at her and raised my eyebrows as if to say "Are you sure?" She just shifted her eyes towards her bottom, gave it a cute little wiggle, looked back up at me and smiled as if to say "That's right baby, I'm yours if you want me!" How remarkable that we could communicate so much without saying a word.

My face widened into what I'm sure was my goofiest smile ever... but who was I to turn down such an invitation?! I started kissing her gorgeous rear end again, softly at first but with more and more hunger until in no time it felt like I was devouring her. She let out several soft moans of pleasure to let me know I was on the right track. My left hand traveled up her body until I could reach one of her breasts which I gladly cupped and massaged, marvelling at how firm and perfect it felt. "Oh yes... feels good." Ashley said, her voice barely hovering over an audible level. I continued to touch and feel, travelling my way up her body, planting passionate kisses on her back, the side of her breast, her cheek, her earlobe, her neck. Ashley squirmed under the constant attention. I whispered into Ashley's ear, "Baby, you're so beautiful", and with that I kissed my way back down her angelic body. I had wanted this moment for so long, and it finally was about to happen...

... until, out of nowhere, Ashley tensed up and her body went ramrod straight. I saw her eyes fly open, and she bolted upright, yelling "Ohmigod, the TIME! Shit, I'm gonna be late!!"

I was shocked, to say the least. My mind was racing a million miles an hour, trying to figure out what was happening. "Ash...wh... what's going on? Where are you going?" I asked meekly.

By this time, Ashley had her pants pulled up and was, I guess, reasonably satisfied she was presentable enough to go to... well, wherever the hell it was she had to go. She barely looked back long enough to say "I'm sorry Jay, I'm proctoring an exam at the uni, and if I don't leave now I'll be late!"

I asked, "On a Saturday?" But it was too late for Ashley to hear me. The apartment door slammed shut. She was gone.

I slumped on the couch, fighting the urge to be violently ill. I replayed the encounter endlessly in my mind, trying to figure out if I had done something wrong, committed some unforgivable error along the way. A small voice inside me questioned whether Ashley was lying; I tried to banish that thought from my head, but the voice remained, mocking me. I was a wreck.

A couple hours later, Geoff came back home and asked me if I wanted to go out to the bars with him and the guys. I did so, and in the process drank myself into oblivion, trying to forget about Ashley. I failed.

The week after was rock bottom for me. It was supposed to be the culmination of all I was longing for, but instead it was the complete opposite. I was distracted at work, to the point my boss sat me down to ask what was wrong... I got through that unscathed, though heaven only knows how. I was curt and rude, and then I'd feel guilty about acting that way which just made me feel more miserable. Worst of all, I didn't want to go home and spend time with Geoff and Ashley. I purposefully did things like stay out late and leave for work early or late so as not to have to talk to them. My two best friends in the world, and I was doing everything I could to avoid them. How messed up was that?

Once again early on the Friday morning I snuck out of the apartment and was walking down the hall towards the elevators. But this time Geoff was ready for me. "Hey Jay" he yelled down the hall. "Hey, wait up, come on man I gotta talk to you!" Reluctantly, I turned around to see Geoff running to catch up with me.

When he reached me, I could see the worried look on his face. I guess I didn't fully realize how much I must have scared Geoff (and probably Ashley too) until that very moment. Geoff said, "Jay, what's going on? You've totally not been yourself lately, you've really freaked Ash and I out!"

I hung my head and hesitated... I had no idea what to say at that moment. Finally, I spoke. "I... I'm sorry Geoff. I really am. I've... just been dealing with something that's really difficult... I don't know how to explain..."

"Well, you know you can talk to me about anything, right? I mean, we've been friends forever, we've had each others' backs, we've dealt with a lot of shit together! Whatever it is, you can't keep it bottled up like you have, it's gonna eat you up! I... I don't want to see my best friend like that."

"Thanks Geoff... I can't tell you how much I appreciate your help, really I do... you know you're like a brother to me. I just... I think this is something I need to try and figure out on my own first. I don't know why, but it just is. I hope that, in good time, you'll understand, and I'm sure you will, but for now, I need you to trust me... please."

Geoff looked deep into my eyes, like he was trying to read my mind. At last, he said, "OK... OK, I'll trust you. But only on one condition."

"What's that?" I asked.

A little smirk... so typical of Geoff!... crept across his face. "Stop being such a dumbass! Think you can handle that?"

I laughed out loud in spite of myself and what had happened this wretched week. "Fine. I'll try and stop being a dumbass... ya jackass!"

We both laughed at that and hugged it out. For the first time that week, I felt somewhat normal again. I had patched things together with one of my two best friends. I just hoped I could do the same with the other.

I went through the rest of the day as I normally would have. Fortunately I didn't have any pressing deadlines or projects at work so I could sail through the day with little stress and get to the weekend. I even felt my spirits high enough that I went to the gym for a quick workout. I hadn't gone all week so it felt good to do a little work and get a little sweat going. As I showered, however, I started to get nervous again, mostly because trying to come to some kind of understanding with Ashley would be a big step into the unknown. I didn't know in which direction things could turn. At the same time, I knew I couldn't avoid the confrontation any longer. I could only hope for the best.

I entered the condo and closed the door. I didn't hear either Geoff or Ashley, so I wondered if anyone else was home. I put my things in my bedroom and searched the kitchen and living area. Nothing. I said, "Geoff? Ash? Anyone home?"

"Jay, is that you?" It was Ashley's voice.

"Yeah... I didn't hear you before so I didn't think you were home. Where are you?"
