 She looked amazingly sweet to be doing such a nasty act at the Gold Club: tall, blond and very cool. Her name was Ashley and she had blond hair down to the small of her back and phenomenal blue eyes. I decided to blow a few hundred and take her to a private room for something more intimate than a lap dance. 

She was totally naked as she slid down my chest, letting her hair cover what was really happening. She was mouthing my cock through my pants and whispered so only I could hear, "If the tip is right, I'll do a local."

I whispered back, "The tip will definitely be right," and sighed as she tugged my zipper down and fished out my rock hard dick. As she began working on it with her tongue, I said, "It will be even better if you tell me about your first time."

This is her story.

"He was one of the bad boys at school. Long hair, motorcycle, he drank. All the things Girls like me were supposed to avoid in a boy. He was kind of cute, though, and I found myself a little excited when I flirted with him.

He would show up at cheerleader practice and make a big thing at looking up my skirt during high kicks. When he caught me eye, he would mouth out the words "no panties" to try to embarrass me. Sometimes he would catch me in the hallway and ask me when I was going to be a very good girl and "do him." At first, I didn't know what he was talking about then a friend told me."

For the first time that evening, she took me deep into her mouth. I fought hard not to cum and end the story. She pulled back and began whispering her story, her breath was tickling the small hairs on my ball sack and driving me crazy. 

"One day he caught up to me after practice and asked if I wanted to ride on his bike. It sounded like fun, so I went. We rode around for several hours and he talked real dirty most of the time. He asked me to show him my tits. He told me they felt great pressed against his back while we were riding and he couldn't wait to get his hands on them.

I was shocked and a little scared and excited at the same time. When he dropped me off at home, he said "Show me your tits before you go in." To tease him, I lifted my sweater real quick and showed him my bra."

Once again, she deep throated me. Her lips seemed hotter, almost like the story was getting her off, too. In less than a minute, I pulled her mouth away. I was on the verge of exploding. I asked her to continue as she licked my balls.

"The next day, He showed up at cheerleader practice again. During the break, he came over and told me I should really wear panties during practice. Looking at my pretty little pussy made him hard he said. I blushed and avoided him. I even asked some of the guys on the squad to ask him to leave. I think they were scared of him, though.

Afterwards, as everyone was leaving, he asked if he could help me with my gymnastic moves. He apologized for his comments. He looked so cute and I needed the extra practice so I asked him to help me with some flips.

I over-rotated on one of the flips and landed on my butt. I looked up at him and saw him staring at my crotch. I was leaning on my elbows with my knees up and parted. I didn't know it, then, I was much to innocent. I was in the perfect "fuck me" position. He slowly moved his eyes up to my breasts and then to my eyes. He licked his lips as he sank to his knees.

I didn't know what to expect. He palmed my pubic mound. I felt the heel of his hand press into me. I grabbed his wrist to stop him and said no. It was more of a gasping noise than anything else. He responded by drawing his thumb slowly across my slit. I knew I should stop him but it felt wonderful. I felt myself getting wet as his thumb flicked across my clitoris.

I began to moan and respond to his touch. "Someone might see," I protested. "You can fuck 'em later if you want." he said. "but I'm going to fuck you right here and right now."

Ashley was breathing harder than I was as she continued with her story. She asked me if the bouncer was watching. He's gone downstairs, I said. She started moving upwards, nuzzling my chest and neck. My cock, all of a sudden left unattended, felt chilly as the air conditioning hit it. Now she was almost hissing the story. It was exploding out of her as she stared directly into my eyes. She looked almost frightened as she continued. 

"No." I protested. He moved the crotch of my panties aside and sank his thumb into me. The sensation caused me to lose all control and I shoved my hips up into his hand. I was to embarrassed to watch. My eyes were shut tightly as I felt him lift my hips and slide my panties down. I felt her hand reach for my cock and pull it straight up. I was shocked at what happened next. She slowly settled down, letting my hard-on slide directly into her soaking wet pussy. Fucking wasn't allowed in this place and I was balls deep inside her. She began moving up and down, doing all the work for me. He story started to come out in a rush.

"Show me your tits," I heard him say. I hesitated and he barked out the order again. I slowly lifted my sweater and undid the snap on my bra. It fell away, exposing me totally to the only man who had ever seen me naked.

He rolled forward, sliding his arms under my legs and reaching for my breasts, As he began squeezing them, he used his mouth on my vagina, licking me so hard and so deep I had my first orgasm on his tongue."

She came on my cock, a hard, body-shaking orgasm. He clinching pussy pushed me over the edge and I exploded into her, crying out loud enough for anyone nearby to hear. I stayed hard and she kept moving her ass up and down.

"He stood up and began to strip. I had to watch. I had never seen a hard penis before. He knelt down by my head, took my hand and placed it on his cock. I was fascinated by its warmth and texture. He lifted my head with his hand and pressed it against my mouth. "Suck it," he said.

I opened my mouth and let him slide it in. "After I fuck your face, I'm going to do your pussy," he hissed. As he slid in and out of my mouth, he used his hand between my legs to keep me wet. I felt strangely excited and oddly violated at the same time. I knew I was his to do with as he wanted. I had no will of my own.

He pulled out of my mouth and positioned himself between my legs. I felt his cock enter me and I pulled my legs higher. I wanted him to use me. He slid about half way in and began a slow in and out motion. I moaned in frustration.

"Feel that?" he said as he moved into me. That's your cherry. "Ask me to pop it. Tell me to fuck you like a woman."

"Fuck me!" I almost yelled it in frustration. I needed him deep inside me. He smiled as he flexed his hips, driving himself all the way in. It was a quick, sharp pain as he broke my hymen then an incredible orgasm overtook me. I was screaming and bucking against him as I came three times." She came again, burying her head in my chest to keep from screaming loudly enough to summon the bouncer. I was on the verge again.

"It's been a year and I know I'm a slave to his cock. I love fucking him whenever and wherever he wants it. He's even asked me to do his friends and I'm thinking seriously about it but only if he'll watch. It might be exciting. I've become a total slut."


Un-fucking-doubtedly I thought as I came again. This was the hottest fuck I've ever had in my life. My wasted cock slid out, making a popping noise as it fell limp. She rolled off, gasping for breath on the couch next to me..

"He's taken some nude pictures of me and posted them on the net. I haven't seen them there but I've seen the prints and they're hot. If anyone of you sees them, let me know. He said they were posted under my real name. I'm wearing white nylons and heels in the one session. I'm laying on my stomach so you can't see my breasts real well but my ass and pussy show up."

I handed her five hundred-dollar bills. I also found the pictures on the internet the next morning.