 Ashley was thirty-six years old and oversaw several departments at a busy hospital. She had shoulder length dark hair, beautiful eyes, smile and cheekbones not to mention a toned, and slightly curvy body. She was by far the youngest person at the hospital in such a lofty position and although this is what she'd worked hard for it came at a price: she was single, extremely horny and because she lived in an isolated town of only thirty five thousand she had found it early impossible to find a man who would fuck her discretely and not want any attachments. As if that wasn't bad enough, she didn't just want vanilla sex, she wanted to relinquish all the day-to-day power she possessed at work and act and be treated like a slut.

Finally, her frustrations were too much and she reluctantly posted an add on a couple of sex related personals. Just as she expected she received hundreds of responses but she received one she found interesting. It was from a professional man, within a year or two of her age who was too busy to meet women in bars under the false pretense of having a relationship. He just wanted to live out several fantasies and have kinky sex. He included several pictures and Ashley thought he was extremely attractive. They emailed back and forth, sharing fantasies, experiences, talking on the phone and even having phone sex. When Ashley found out that he traveled to her town five or six times a month she knew they had to meet.

One night after work they met for coffee at a truck stop diner on one of the highways outside of town where she figured the chance of anyone she knew from the hospital seeing her were slim. The night before she trimmed her pubic hair into a small triangle, admiring her pussy in the mirror, laying out her sexiest professional clothing and a pair of black lace boyshorts with black bra. The next day her pussy was wet and stayed that way all day long at work. A couple of times, while locked in her office she slid her hand in her pants and read one of the emails he'd sent her, teasing herself a bit, anticipating being fucked like a slut in only a few hours.

When she arrived at the diner he was nowhere to be seen so she got coffee and waited. When he walked in she recognized him immediately. He was about six feet tall, clean-shaven with dark hair and strong facial features. He had on black slacks and a dark blue shirt with a tie. They made small talk for a while before he leaned forward so only she could hear.

"You look even better than your pictures," he told her.

"I'm glad you don't feel disappointed," she said.

" I wasn't doubting you'd look good, but what I'm anxious to find out is if you're willing to be as slutty in person as you were over the phone and in your emails."

Ashley got a little shy, but felt her pussy tingle, her skin get more sensitive at the mention of their phone call in which she had begged to suck his cock, be pounded and eventually feel him come over her eager lips and face.

"I'm ready to show you that I'm the same slut that got you off on the phone," she said.

"We'll see. I'm going to pay and I'll meet you in the back seat of your car," he said and made his way to the cash register.

Ashley went out to her car that was parked in a dark spot in the large gravel parking lot, near a wooded area. She could feel her pussy dripping with anticipating wondering exactly what he'd make her do. She loved the idea of giving up the power of leading meetings, handling million dollar budgets and reprimanding personnel and act like a cock hungry slut.

When he slipped in the backseat with her they kissed for a minute, their tongues and mouths all over each other, hungry. Then he pulled back and told her to pull off her shirt, which she gladly did. He ran his hand down the center of her chest, between her perky medium sized tits. He could see her nipples through the black lace of her bra, full and hard.

"Undo my belt and pants and take my cock out," he told her and she did so.

She instinctively leaned down to start sucking him, pump his full hard cock in her mouth but he told her to stop.

"You're going to suck my cock exactly the way I want you to. If you don't act like the slut you promised you were, I'm simply going to stroke my cock and leave without fucking you. Do you understand?"

"Yes."

She looked down at his full, hard cock, the head moist with wetness, her hand wrapped around the base. All she could think of was sucking him, filling her mouth with his dick but he instructed her to lick all over the head nice and slow. The moment his cock touched her tongue she loved the way it tasted, her mouth watering. She felt him swell against her tongue.

"Now lick down one side and up the other," he said, watching her carefully to make sure she did just that, pushing her hair out of her face so he could see. Then he told her to swallow as much of his cock as she could as slowly as possible. While she slid him deeper and deeper he looked down her body, admiring the curve of her back and her ass in the air, the material of her tight slacks covering a small ripe bubble of an ass. He let out a grown as he told her to do it again, just as slow. 

"Now suck my cock fast and hard, let me see just how a cock hungry slut sucks cock," he told her.

She wasted no time pumping and stroking him in her mouth, making him wet, moaning as she sucked, letting her mouth and lips slurp a bit, pausing only to lick his balls. She was becoming more and more intoxicated with the taste and smell of his body and all she could think about was climbing on top of him and riding his hard dick to orgasm but he made her stop and told her to put on her shirt. Her heart sank at that. Didn't she suck him good enough? Wasn't his cock rock hard and wet from her mouth? Hadn't she looked up at him submissively as she swallowed his hard dick right up to the base? She put on her shirt, waiting for an indication.

"I want you to follow me," he said and led her out of the car and behind a large warehouse made out of tin that she couldn't tell whether or not it was abandoned or not.

As they walked he told her that a real slut would fuck him anywhere at any time, even if they might get caught red-handed by god knows who.

She got nervous. They were just outside of town, but still, it was a small town and what if someone who knew who she was caught her being fucked by a total stranger? But still, her pussy was dripping and she needed to be fucked and there was no backing out. He led her behind the building, next to a rusted out truck. He pushed her up against the old metal of the building, kissing her deep and hard, slipping his hand inside her slacks and panties. She loved having him feel her wetness, which he gathered all over his fingers and then spread across her lips, kissing and licking her juices off. He fingered and teased her for a while until he stopped and told her to take off her shirt and pants. She did so, standing there in only her black lace boyshorts, bra and black ankle high boots. He made her kneel in front of him and suck her again, slapping his hard cock all over her lips, rubbing it all over her face. She imagined how good it would feel to have his warm, creamy cum all over her face as she teased him, using her tongue, lips, and smooth cheeks to tease him. 

"Take off your panties for me," he said and she did so slowly, looking around for any signs of anyone. There was an overhead light nearby which would make it possible for someone to come out of the back of the diner and see them. Once her pussy was bare for him to admire he told her to turn around and put her hands against the wall.

"Push your ass back for me," he told her and when she didn't push it back far enough he slapped her ass hard telling her more and to spread her legs apart so he could see her pussy from behind.

"Do you want to be my slut or not?" he asked.

"Yes I do, I want to be fucked like the slut that I am."

When she was bent over, legs spread apart he teased her wet, swollen pussy with the head of his cock. He was still fully clothed, his cock simply pulled out. When he pushed deep inside her she felt a rush of pleasure fill her. He didn't let up though, he just kept fucking and pounding her, slapping her ass, hold her arms up over her head, forcing her to take all of his cock. She could feel herself dripping all over his cock and balls, loving every second of it. That's when she heard something and looked in the direction of the diner seeing the backdoor open and a young cook come out. He stopped, cigarette in hand, on an obvious break. Ashley's reaction was to grab her pants but he just kept fucking her working his cock from side to side, grinding and pounding her.

"There's someone watching us," she said.

He pulled her up, kissing her neck and he whispered in her ear that he knew and when he paid he asked the cook if he wanted to watch her be fucked and if so go out back in about fifteen minutes. Ashley hadn't bargained on this and she wasn't sure if she'd wanted someone else to watch but when she looked at the man again he was young and attractive and started to feel excited about being sluttier than she had even expected. The cook came a bit closer, leaning up against the wall or the tin building about fifteen feet away teasing his cock through his pants while he watched Ashley being fucked hard. She got excited seeing the shape of his cock through his pants and wondered what would happen next. She could feel the strangers eyes all over her body: her bare ass, thighs, back and her tits hardly covered in the see-thru material of her lace bra.

Then for no apparent reason he stopped fucking her and slowly slid out turning her around, kissing her.

"Now, before I finish fucking you, you're going to have to stroke our friend's cock and make him cum all over your tits. If you don't, I'm leaving."

She had felt shy enough about fucking this guy she didn't even know, but now she was going to have to stroke a total stranger off all over her tits if she wanted to get her wish. The cook leaned against the wall and pulled the cook's cock out and Ashley took up a position kneeling in front of him while the man stood nearby and watched coaching her, telling her to spit on his cock to make it nice and wet. She pumped one hand up and down his stiff cock, playing with his balls with the other. He reached down and pulled her tits out over the top of her bra, caressing and admiring them. It had been a while since she gave a handjob and was eager to make him cum all over her so she could get back to being fucked again. 

While she stroked and teased the cook, his hands all over her tits, she could feel her pussy being played from behind. After a few minutes the cook began groaning, his cock swelling in her hand, the tip moist. When he exploded he positioned his cock right over Ashley's tits, exploding all over the lace material of her bra, her smooth skin and her hard nipples. She looked down, admiring the sight of her body dripping in his cum. The cook pulled up his pants, watching as Ashley was once again bent over, her pussy being filled, her ass being slapped one side and then the other. She used her hands to brace herself against the wall, pushing back into the hard deep thrusts, feeling the other man's cum all over her tits, wondering what it would feel like to drive home with a second man's cum all over her ass. Only in her wildest fantasies had she ever acted so uninhibited and slutty, just the idea of what she'd already done making her more turned on than ever before. She was getting closer and closed to exploding but when he pushed the tip of his finger into her ass her pussy began to spasm and she moaned out that she was cumming.

"That's it, cum for me," he said as her fucked her harder than before, pulling his cock out and shooting his thick hot cum all over her ass. With that the cook thanked both of them and returned to work, but before Ashley was allowed to leave, she was made to suck her new friend's cock clean. With her pussy still dripping wet, the two men's cum all over her body she drove home, her panties in her pocket. Her new friend texted her cell phone that he was going to make her act more sluttier next time and he wanted her to meet him at the same time and a location to be named in a few days. She didn't hesitate in responding that she'd love to.