 It was a humid July afternoon, and I had to dump yet another boyfriend earlier. It was over the same reason as usual. Let's just say that I'm a grown ass woman with a large sexual appetite. If my man can't keep up with me, I feel that he's not for me at all. 

Once I was home from dumping my boyfriend, it was only 2:00 PM. Ugh... if only I could drink right now. But I know I shouldn't. Its too early for that. I put on a bikini and went out to my balcony to try and get a tan. I got comfortable on my favorite lounge chair and closed my eyes. That's when my cell phone rang. "That better not be my ex..." I thought to myself. I was glad to be wrong. It was my best friend, Nichole. 

"Hello?" I answered.

"Hey Ashlynn!" She chirped. "I heard about you and Sean... you alright?"

I rolled my eyes and put on a fake smile. News always spreads like wild fire here... "Yeah. I'm alright" I said blankly.

"Come on Ash..." Nichole teased. "I'm your best friend, and I call bullshit on that one."

I let out a sigh. Nichole sometimes knows me better than I know myself. "I had to let him go... I just can't be with someone who can't keep up with me in bed." I bluntly explained. 

"This is the fourth one in a row you said that about." She pointed out. "I think you must be trying to fill some kind of void, here."

That's when I paused. A void? "Nichole, what in the hell are you talking about?" I asked defensively.

"It was just a guess..." She sighed. "Maybe you just need a girls night? How about we go to a club tonight? You shouldn't be cooped up in the house after a break up." 

"Ok. Sounds good, I guess" I cooperated. We hung up and I got back to my tanning. I still want to know why the hell she thinks that I'm trying get to fill a void. I mean seriously... I'm a good looking veterinarian with my own shop, I have a nice house in a good neighborhood, a nice car, food always in my fridge, and I have only myself to thank for all this. I just can't find the right guy who can satisfy me in the bedroom. So where is this so called void?

9:00 PM rolled around and Nichole pulled up in front of my house. She honked her horn, and I was still putting on my heels. I grabbed my purse, locked the door, then got in the car. I guess I can try and have a good time tonight. "Well its about damn time you came out here, haha!" Nichole teased as she applied lipstick in her mirror. 

"Nic, stop it." I said jokingly. "Also, which club are we going to? You never told me." 

"Oh, you will see." Nichole said with a big smile.

"You know I don't like surprises..." I started to say. Nichole just kept smiling with her shitty grin on her face. This may be a long night...

I didn't recognize the town we were in very well. I wasn't sure what Nichole was up to, but it was obviously no good. We were at least an hour and a half away from my house. "This is that new club that was built last year." Nichole explained. "I thought we could check it out. Plus there's different guys here." 

"If you sat so, Nic..." I hesitated. As we walk in the door, I don't see anyone who caught my eye in particular... I swear almost all men are the same. Then we get to the bar, and everything changed.

I found the sexiest man in the room... and he was the bar tender. I was completely hypnotized... he had olive colored skin, perfect dark hair, beautiful brown eyes, just the right amount of facial hair, arm muscles, and no wedding ring in sight... Exactly how I love my men. 

Suddenly he looks at ME and asks "What can I get for you, beautiful?"

I wanted a strawberry margarita on the rocks, but the words just wouldn't come out right away. What the hell is wrong with me? "I'll have a margarita." I choked out. Dammit. I forgot to say add the strawberry part.

"Sounds good." He says while smirking at me. Shit... he probably noticed my face turning red. 

I must have forgotten that Nichole was there with me because it almost spooked me when she said "Hey Ash, I'll be over there with those guys!" So much for a girls night...

The bartender came back with my margarita. "So I've never seen you come by here before... what's your name?" He asks with confidence. 

"I'm Ashlynn." I shyly said after taking a sip of my drink. 

"It's a pleasure to meet you, Ashlynn." He said. "My name is Rex." Suddenly Rex took my hand.

"May I?" He asked. I blushed and nodded. Rex kissed my hand... What a gentlemen! I couldn't believe that this was happening!

I giggled. "So Rex... do you do this with all of your female customers?" I jokingly asked. I'm almost positive that he does. 

He smiled and shook his head. "Only if they are as breathtakingly gorgeous as you are... so in other words,I don't." 

As I keep talking to Rex as he cleans up the bar, I decided that I'd want to try to hook up with him. "You know, you really seem like a true gentleman" I choke out.

"That may be true... but it's a total different story when I'm in bed." He casually said. I put my drink back down. "Oh. Sorry... too soon?" He asked me.

"Oh no..." I chirped back almost with enthusiasm. "Could you please explain what you mean by that?" Rex' smile lit up. 

"You see, I am a gentlemen... However I like rough sex. Because of this, I haven't gotten laid in four months." Explained Rex. 

I raised my eyebrows. "I'm listening..." I said. I was really hoping to see where this would get me. 

"Hmmm... if you are interested, I could show you better than I could tell you." He teased. This made me wet. Now, I HAD to have him!

"I love demonstrations... when is this happening?" I asked.

Rex seemed happy with my answer. Suddenly he turns his head. "Hey! I'm going on my break. can you cover for me?" He shouted to one of his coworkers. He got the thumbs up, so he motioned me to follow him. Holy shit... I'm about to fuck a guy I just met. 

He led me straight to the managers office. Nobody was in there. "Alright, Ashlynn..." He announced to me. "I'm in charge, and you are to do as I say. Don't worry. This time I will go easy on you." This excited me.

"You can start out by taking that dress off. Do it quickly." He ordered. I think I'm starting to like this man. 

Because I'm already a submissive little whore, I didn't hesitate. "Yes sir." I replied as I took my dress off. He admired my body. I picked a good day to wear marching bra and panties.

I started to take my heels off, but then he said "I want you to leave those on." So I left them on. Once my dress hit the floor, he pointed to the desk. "Bend over." I obeyed. Rex smacked my ass, then groped it. It hurt, yet felt so good. Everyone else is always too scared to spank me that hard. Like as if they would break me...

"I love your ass, Ashlynn" He said with awe. Suddenly he took his dick out and took my panties off of me. They were already near soaking wet. "Bad girl!" He says with shock. "I haven't told you you could cum yet, have I?" 

"No sir, you haven't." I shyly said. I couldn't help myself! 

"Now, I didn't want to do this, but I'm going to have to punish you." Said Rex. I loved the sound of this a little more than I should have. Rex held my hands behind my back and raised his other hand up again and spanked me for a good minute or two. I wasn't counting. 

When he stopped, he bit my neck and whispered "How did that feel?" Into my ear. I wanted to cum so bad. 

"It... felt good, sir." I said in a weak, slap happy voice. His face went from a grin to a smile.

"Good girl." He said in the most perfect seductive tone. I loved it. He then caught me by surprise. He gripped my wrists a little tighter. "Now... tell me who you belong to?" He whispered in my ear.

I needed to cum so bad! "You sir!" I nearly screamed. There was no way nobody in the club dancing would hear us over the music. 

This satisfied him even more. This means I was also satisfied. (I'm a pleaser.) He then released my arms. He slowly walked to the other side of the desk and put his throbbing cock in my face. God, I needed him to fuck me. "Tell me..." He ordered. "Tell me how badly you want it." 

I decided to just let it all out. "Please, fuck me, Rex!" I desperately panted. "I can't take it anymore!" I watched him stroke his cock, just to tease the hell out of me. Damn this guy is good!

This had to be the most erotic moment of my life. He walked back around, and I swear he fucked me so hard it hurt later. I'm not sure how long this lasted, but then Rex pulled out and he came on my ass. 

When we were done he got a tissue box that was laying nearby and helped me get his cum off of me. "Well... I'm going to get in trouble for taking a half hour break instead of a fifteen minute one, but damn, that was worth it."

He bragged. For the very first time, I felt satisfied, as well as happy after sex. 

"Can we... do this again sometime?" I ask.

"I would love to" He said with a grin. We exchanged numbers. I glanced at my phone. Seventeen texts from Nichole. 

"Shit" I said as I got my clothes on. "My friend is wondering where I am. I'll see you soon, Rex!" 

I felt like I was just given exactly what I needed. I can't wait to tell Nichole...

**To be continued**