 This story has a slow beginning, so if you are looking for a hot erotic scene, this chapter doesn't have it, but the next one will! 

She sat, and she waited. He came in every night at the same time. She looked up and there he was, walking through the door. He had dark hair and green eyes that seemed to glow. He had a strong masculine build, and he walked with a demeanor that exuded confidence. 

All the girls swooned over him, but it was as if he didn't see them at all. That was what captured her. She had been searching, and finally, a month ago she found it. He had been on his way into this place, and she had run right into him. 

She was on her way home from the office, with an armful of documents. She was running to escape the wind that threatened to show all of mankind her unmentionables. I knew I should have worn that pencil skirt today! 

Just then the wind whipped her hair in front of her face, blocking her view. She tried to shuffle the documents in her arms so that she could get a hand free to move the hair out of her face, and that is when she ran straight into him. Right into his chest is more like it.

She forgot pleasantries as she immediately lunged for the papers, only to find herself grasping the warm hand already on them. She looked up and saw the most startling green eyes…eyes that were looking into her soul. Immediately a wave of heat slammed through her, and she forgot to breathe. 

Suddenly it seemed as if his eyes were dancing and she realized he was chuckling at her. Then a mean blush rose to her cheeks as she had been openly staring at him. She immediately looked down in shame and realized her skirt was inching up dangerously high on her thighs.

She pulled on her skirt and reached for her documents, yet his hand had not budged. She looked back up at him and he was not laughing anymore. With all the strength she could muster, she returned his intent gaze, giving him a glimpse of a side of her she revealed to no one.

He moved his hand and stood up, offering his hand to her to help her up. For some reason she felt she must show strength in front of him, and took his hand as a gesture but stood up on her own. His touch was electrifying, and she had to close her eyes to hide the desire coursing through her. 

When she opened them, she met a gaze of curiosity. She gave him a small smile, and released her hand from his. She then turned and walked away as upright as she could. At the end of the block, she glanced back, relieved that he did not look after her, however she was surprised as she saw him walking into a bar…her bar. 

Ever since that day she had come back to the bar to see if he was there. She noticed a pattern of his arrival, and endeavored to be there every day before him. She made sure the bartenders made him feel welcome, gave him loaded drinks to make sure he got his monies worth. 

Now she watched as he ordered his favorite drink and shut out everyone's existence. She sauntered up to the bar, paying no attention to him, and ordered his favorite drink. He drank hard liquor, so when she ordered it, she noticed he stiffened.

He was almost there. The stress of the day had almost left him, when he heard a feminine voice next to him. Usually such things did not interrupt him, but for some reason… Ah. She ordered my drink. Probably another one trying to get my attention. But the normal irritation most women caused was not there.

It felt as if she was paying no attention to him at all, and it was just a coincidence. Some woman came up behind him and whispered promises in his ear. He took the opportunity to turn, so he could see her without making his interest obvious. He stared at the other woman in such a way she retreated, sucking her teeth at his rejection.

As he turned back, he took in the woman sitting next to him, and something was different about her. She had brunette curls that tumbled down her back. She had full breasts and a bottom to match, with a waist that wasn't too thin. His eyes traveled up to her face, most of which was hidden by her hair, and noticed she had a smirk on her face

This intrigued him, and he pondered whether to speak to her or not. But he wanted to see her face, for some reason he didn't know why. He looked down, took a sip of his drink, and looked up into the mirror to see her face. 

He was startled to find she was staring right at him, into his eyes. It was enough to give him the initial thought to turn away, but he was transfixed by her stare. It was as if she were studying him, trying to…see him. 

No, she is just staring, she can't possibly... her piercing blue-gray eyes seemed to see through him. Wait…that face…I have seen it before. He looked back into her eyes, trying to remember. Suddenly her tongue slowly wet her lips, clearly displaying her thoughts, sending an immediate surge to his groin. 

A woman had never had this effect on him. It rendered him mystified, at a total…her eyes suddenly changed. Then a small smile graced her lips. !!! Is that…no, that woman would not have had the guts to stare at me like that…or would she? He recalled she did stare back at him, and that she pretty much refused his hand when he tried to help her.

She turned to leave, and as if by automatic reaction, his hand came out to stop her. She looked up at him, daring him. He leaned forward…

Thanks for reading! Please leave comments and vote!