 She was dreaming of the Man of her Dreams. Someone that would be debonair, sophisticated, interested in the Arts. One that was confident in who he was, what he wanted, and how to go about getting it. She saw his build, heard the sound of his voice echoing in her mind, making her insides quiver with a delicious excitement. The dream was so strong that she could almost feel the wetness that she imagined pooling between her thighs. Aching, she shifted in her bed, moaning with an intense need that was all consuming. She parted her thighs and started to pet the glistening portal to her womanhood, all the while envisioning her ideal.

"Hmmm, 6 feet 3, 210-220 pounds, brunette, dark blue eyes", she said, talking aloud as her mind formed the picture of the 'perfect guy' while she slept. " Muscular, but not too, and a deep voice that rumbles almost", she continued, smiling as the picture became clearer. Little by little she named off certain detailed qualities, until he stood before her. He smiled at her, and she screamed, as she realized that the man in her dreams was her next door neighbor Joshua!

"Oh my god!", she said loudly. "No, it can't be!" Jumping out of the bed, the shadowy moonlight silhouetted her full figured frame through her pale blue silk jammies. Pacing back and forth, she ran her hands agitatedly through her hair, talking to the open air as she voiced her thoughts out loud.

Unbeknownst to her, the object of her fanciful musings had heard her scream, and had picklocked his way into her apartment when he heard her scream. Noting that there was nothing actually amiss and figuring Jessie had had just another bad dream as she was prone to do lately, Josh was going to leave when he heard her talking to no one in particular. Curious now, he moved closer to Jessie's room, thankful that her door was open. Being able to have the sound of her voice not muffled, it wasn't long before he was able to hear what she was saying.

"No, my perfect man can't be Josh, not him . Oh geez that's just great, having an erotic hot dream about your next door neighbor, Jess. That's just great!. Whaddya gonna do? Just go up to the guy and say' Hi , Josh, how's it going? Can I jump your bones? ' Oh yeah he would think I have totally lost it then, and would try to check me into the psych ward immediately! "

Josh had to smile and refrain from laughing when he heard Jessie was losing sleep over him. While she wasn't exactly thin, she made him laugh, she was smart and her eyes sparkled when she was happy. Something had dimmed that brightness lately. She had started to have those nightmares that made dark circles appear under her eyes, so it was funny and a relief to find out that she was thinking about him. His smile faded, though when he thought of her saying she wanted to have sex with him. As soon as the thought crossed his mind, Josh felt a sudden tightness in his jeans, a restlessness filling him, goading him to take some sort of action. Josh rubbed his crotch, shifting uncomfortably as he continued to listen to Jessie mention aloud some of her fantasies with him, and what she was dreaming he would do.

His limits of restraint pushed, reached, and exceeded, Josh moved before he realized, moved by Jessie's fervent speech, and driven by his biological urge to jerk her up against him and rip off her flimsy silk coverings. Dammit, she was in his thoughts more and more, Josh thought. Hungry to smell her scent once again, he decided to risk getting thrown in jail, in favor of fulfilling some of Jessie's fantasies. After all, she as much admitted that she wanted him to do these things to her, so why not be man enough to oblige her? He planned to make sure that she went to sleep a very satisfied woman.

Josh walked quietly behind Jessie, all his senses zeroed in on her. She triggered every Primal male instinct in him. All he wanted to do was claim the woman, take her to bed, Tie her up until she listened to reason. The more Josh thought about it, the more that idea appealed to him. Jessie was a headstrong woman, but he saw the tender heart that lay beneath. With him, whether she realized it or not, Jessie was more relaxed with him; the tightness around her mouth and eyes relaxed, and she smiled more often in his presence. Josh smiled, happy that he was able to do that for Jessie. Now, it was time to do something else for her – help that stubborn next door neighbor of his that was clad so sexily in those silk pajamas that he was the man she needed. When he thought of some of the men he saw Jessie go out on dates or business dinners with, he snarled with jealousy, with frustration, and with a need that was getting harder to hide from her. There was one thought that started to repeat in his being like a mantra : Jessie was his, and his alone! 

Josh felt the caveman in him awaken as the veneer of civilization fall away as he watched Jessie pace, his eyes roving over the outline of her body beneath the thin silk material. He had waited a long time to let his friend and neighbor know of his desire for her, but Had held back for fear of being laughed at. Not tonight. No more. He had heard himself Jessie say that she dreamed of him, that she wanted his hands on her body. That had Settled many questions in his mind. Tonight, this woman would be his. He would show her a good loving , so that she wouldn’t want anybody else. 

Jessie stopped her pacing, wiping away a tear that slid down her cheek. It shocked her to Wake up from a fog, seeing that she was fooling herself, telling herself that she might be happy with this man or that one. She tried to recall the face of the man she had gone out with last night. What was his name? Dave, yes Dave was his name. As hard as Jessie tried to bring up in her mind what Dave looked like, she couldn’t remember a single detail. He was a handsome guy, she should be able to remember what he looked like. After all, It was just last night that she went out with the guy! Despite her efforts, Jessie couldn’t See his face; Josh kept interfering, as his features embedded in her being.

Placing her hands over her eyes, she bent over, as if in pain. God, was she to have no privacy at all? She hurt, and ached in all sorts of places. All she seemed to think about lately was him; she was beginning to compare her dates to that man. Angry with her lack of self control, angry with him, she grabbed a pillow off of her chair and threw it across her room. “ ARRRRRGH! “ , she growled, frustrated with the way things were going in her life. “ Damn you Josh “, Jessie said with passion, “ and damn me too “ , she continued in a more subdued tone, tired physically, and in her soul. She went to her dresser, placing her hands on it, bowing her head. The urge to cry was so strong, but the tears wouldn’t come.

Strong hands started to rub her neck and shoulders. Shocked, Jessie gasped and looked in the mirror, her face draining of color when she saw Josh. Color quickly came back as anger replaced shock and embarrassment of seeing the object of her musings here in her room so late at night. “What do you think you are doing, Josh?”

“Massaging your shoulders, I would have thought”, he replied wryly. Jessie was hard pressed not to laugh; this was a serious moment, and she had to convey that to him. She bowed her head, trying to arm herself against his humor. Josh saw that brief glimpse Of laughter in Jessie’s eyes before lowering her head, and it made him smile and gloat With male satisfaction. No, she wasn’t immune to him, wasn’t really angry with him, but with herself. He lowered his lips to her neck, licking his tongue on her skin, tantalized by her taste and smell, by the feel of her. She turned in his arms quickly, and swung her arm to slap his face. He caught her hand effortlessly, and with his hand on her wrist, put Jessie’s arm behind her back, his face contorted in a snarl as his blue eyes glittered such as Jessie had never seen before. Who was this man before her? Where was the easygoing Josh? “ He is still here, Jess, but right now, I feel anything but easygoing.” Her eyes widened at that remark. “ Yes, you spoke your thought aloud once more, as you have been doing for the last 30 minutes or so.” 

“Why you”, she started to rant, but Josh cut her off, his eyes undressing her, staring hard into her eyes, and she realized there was no hiding from this person. Startled and a little scared she was, but she was also excited too, as it hit her that she affected him.

“Why me? I will tell you why, oh dear lady. I have heard almost everything that you have said since I heard you scream. I let myself in. Really do need a stronger lock by the way. Never know who might come in and ravish you.” He watched his words sink in, loving the blush that appeared as she replayed all that she had said, thinking she was alone. “Jess, I am going to be blunt because it seems that it is what you need. I want you too, woman. I heard you talking about me, and all these delicious things you wanted me to do to you, with you.” He made her look at him when she would have looked away, and continued in a determined, husky voice. “Jess, if you think I am gonna let you keep going out with those guys when the one you want and need is right before you, think again. Get that shocked affronted look of your face right now!” he commanded. Josh’s eyes bored into hers, and she had no doubt he was serious. Before she could form any reply, he robbed her of all ability to think.

He spun her around and made her look in the mirror, made her look at them together, and declared that they would indeed be together that night, for many nights. In bed, in the kitchen, in a movie theater and in may other ways. Wrapping his arm around her waist, he laid a hand possessively on her hip, his fingers sliding under her jammie shorts, pushing downward. Jesse could only watch, not able to speak. She tried to stay his hand when He began to push the other side of her shorts down, but he would have none of it. He was stronger, and she knew that she wouldn’t win this contest. She dropped her hand and watch in the mirror, as he pushed her shorts off and told her to step out. She did so, and he brought he back up against his chest. He watched her watch them, his hands beginning to work on the buttons of her silk pajama shirt. He loved the contrast of her pale skin against the dark color.

One by one the buttons came undone. Jessie was mesmerized as she listened to Josh’s voice, as he told her that tonight he was going to start making some of her fantasies come true. “Tonight you will become my woman, Jess. Mine, and no one else’s. Tonight I heard your true thoughts, and they echo my own. The only time you are happy is when you are with me and you know it. I have been patient enough with you. There will be no running from me. I am not letting you walk – or in your case run- from me, from us. I will brook no argument from you, woman, so you better not say anything to me, unless it is to say my name in ecstasy.

Jessie was moved, and thrilled, however secretly, by his declaration. Josh put his hand in her hair and pulled back, covering her mouth with his. His arm tightened around her waist when she struggled, and started to explore her body with his hand. He played with her navel, smiling inside when he felt her tremble in his arms. She would be trembling even more before much longer. His palm settled on her mound, holding her still as his fingers slid between her labia. His tongue slid between Jessie’s lips and his fingers pressed deeper between her other lips. When Josh found the wetness that met his fingers, he growled and moved his mouth to her neck, biting her skin, laving circles with his tongue.

Whispering in her ear, Josh told Jessie that she felt delicious, that he could smell her arousal. making her breathing increase with anticipation. He increased the pressure of his fingers inside her pussy, biting her earlobe, telling her that he would love to feel her wet his fingers even more, that he was going to taste her wetness. The thought of Joshua’s mouth on her, tasting her pussy and licking , sucking- it was more than she could bear. With a loud cry and a great shudder, her body shuddered and she came, feeling a release from her deepest region, the release of her soul. As she continued to come, Jessie found herself leaning more heavily against Josh as her legs became weak.

Josh turned her to face him, kissing her hard once more, the bulge in his pants more pronounced. Jessie shivered at the possession she saw in Josh’s eyes, unaware that her eyes lit up as she looked at him. Josh noticed, though, and the beast within him started to settle a little, as he realized That she had truly given herself to him. Now, it just needed to be cemented with the physical joining Of their bodies. He placed her on top of her dresser, standing between her thighs. 

“Open up for me, baby”, Josh roughly commanded, desire riding him hard. She complied, still dazed from the orgasm that was riding her. As if in a dream, she watched as josh got down on his knees, and started to insert a finger, then two, inside of her. Moaning, she shifted, and heard Josh telling her to be still, that he was going to give her pleasure, to trust him. “You are mine, Jessie, and I take good care of what is mine.” He then continued to diligently bring her higher to pleasure as he placed his mouth on her clit, flicking his tongue in and out of her wet portal, tugging his teeth gently on her clit. Using Jessie’s cum to wet his fingers, Josh slid one of his hands to her ass, and used her own juices to lubricate the hole, slowly sliding a finger inside. He soothed her as she tensed, letting her get accustomed to just having his finger in there. “Jess. Baby. I am going to make sure that there will not be any part of you untouched by me. I will not hurt you, but you will Be having my fingers in your ass. I will be coming in your body from behind. Not tonight, but soon. You are mine from this night on. Remember that. You will not hide anything from me Jessie. I want to have all of you, to feel all of you, to taste all of you. Starting tonight, you will be sleeping With me, my arms around you. Get used to it, Jess. You admitted tonight how you feel about me, And I have reached my limit.” Shaken, Jessie came as she felt Joshua’s finger in her ass petting, as his tongue and fingers claimed her pussy. Bombarded by sensations, she felt herself explode, hearing Josh’s voice to keep cumming and let go, to give herself totally to him.

She was picked up quickly, held securely in strong arms, and placed on the bed. Her thighs were opened wide and her knees were bent. Josh inserted two fingers backing her pussy again, with a finger in her ass. Then he inserted a third finger, and not too long after, he inserted a fourth. Jessie felt herself being stretched. It should have hurt but it didn’t. Driven by the pleasure Josh had created, she grabbed his wrist, asking for more. Smiling, he did so, sliding his whole hand within her body, feeling Jessie’s body taking him, and encircling him. He kissed her deeply and whispered Sexily in her ear to move against his hand. He praised her when she obeyed, telling her that he Would make sure she always felt she belonged to him, with him. He whispered that he was mastering her body, that she would miss him when he wasn’t touching her, when he wasn’t inside her like he was now. He whispered that her body was going to respond to him with just a few words, that she would cum for him whenever he wanted. He told her how beautiful she was, and that he wished her to be unhampered by any clothing whatsoever when they were in the house. Jessie turned her eyes to Josh’s, asking with her eyes if she heard right. “ Yes, baby. I said that You will not hide from me, remember? That includes hiding your body – MY body – from my view. You are mine, and I like to look at that which is mine, Jess. You will feel no self consciousness with me. I will touch you whenever I want, and I promise you will like it. In fact I promise you that you will want more.” Slowly, Josh inserted a second finger into her ass. At her gasp of surprise, Josh assured her that soon he would slide his cock inside that hole, that she would like him inside her that way. That she would crave it. He said that yes, he heard her saying that she wanted him that way, that he had been wanting to feel her from behind for awhile now. “ This night, many truths were known to me, Jessie. You want me, have fantasies about me. There will be no regrets, no turning back. I know some things frighten you, and I will go slowly with some of them, but make no mistake, they will not remain fantasies. I am going to take you many ways, many times. I will take you anywhere in the home that I want, and your body will accept me, will be wet for me. You will cum for me, and feel pleasure under my care. Let your walls down Jess, and be yourself. Explore your sensuality, and know that You will be taken care of always.”

Josh then slid his hand out of her pussy, noting that her hips rose up to his hand, smiling to himself. Yes, it was time. He placed himself before her, settling between her thighs, and thrust his shaft deep into her, withdrawing, and thrusting again, hearing drums in his head. This woman was made for him, and he would not let her go. Ever. He would teach her what pleased him, what he wished from her. He would train her body to be ready for his attentions anywhere in the house. There would not be a room that would not be used to make wild passionate love. Pushing deeper and harder into her, pumping faster, Josh felt Jessie on the brink of her orgasm.

“Say it Jess. Say it now! Who do you belong to?” 

“Oh god!”, she cried in frustration, not wanting to talk. 

“Say it baby, say it now, or else you won’t be able to cum. Do you understand?? Your body is mine, Jess. You will not be allowed to find release until you tell me who you belong to!” 

Jessie stared at him, knowing the words spoken aloud, in her mind, made the commitment more final. “You”, she cried brokenly, “I belong to you.” 

“Good girl”, praised Josh, kissing her hard as his body pounded in and out of her. “Cum for me, Jess, cum NOW!!!! “

Jessie felt an earth shattering tremor rack her body over and over, all the while hearing Josh Telling her “ Yes, like that, my woman, let go, and fall. I will catch you.” Her mind accepted finally What her heart already knew. She belonged to Josh. He would always be there for her. With that, she let down her walls, drowning in wave after wave of pleasure, and yet still alive. Floating back down from the peaks of things she had never experienced before, she thanks Josh for helping her to see more clearly. Laughing, he said she was more than welcome, and pulled her closer to his body, responding once more to her nearness.. She belonged to him, yes, but he was just as much hers, and would be there for her when she needed someone to lean on. He fell asleep with the thought that life after this was certainly not going to be dull!

Jessie lifted her head as she heard Joshua’s breathing change. Smiling, she kissed him gently on the lips, her body aching in places that hadn’t been used before. She was going to have to ask him if he was so serious about keeping her, if he was planning to use cuffs? Hmm, she thought, that would be interesting. Smiling, tired, Jessica closed her eyes, entering a world full of possibilities. She was no longer alone.